BDSM Library - Master Chris Collection




Master Chris Collection
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A series well written stories by Master Chris on all kinds of bondage play. Never violent or overly mean, just right on.
The Master Chris Collection Index
(note: miss story 20 and 75. See author's message at the end)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Story #        Description

    1          At the Doctor's Office                        1988
               A woman is taken on an "adventure" by her boyfriend and
is brought to a Doctor's office at night where she is tied with her
feet in the stirrups, examined completely, spanked and is totally
submissive for the first time.

    2          The Store Manager's Office                    1987
               The same woman from story 1 meets and is dominated and
spanked by a woman, and has her pussy shaved.

    3          At the Chateau                                1987
               She is now brought to a party and is put 'on display'.

    4          Return as the Nurse                           1987
               The same woman now returns to the Doctors examining room
at night and plays the part of the nurse and dominates a young girl for
the first time.  She is in charge and loves it.

    5          Spectator Sport at the High School            1987
               The now submissive woman is brought to a high school
auditorium for an outrageous display where she is completely and
totally exposed in front of a crowd.

    6          Demonstration in the Hospital                 1987
               The woman and the young blond ARE the demonstration to a
group of interns studying sexual reflexes.

    7          At the chalet                                 1987
               Dominating a young blond in the country, shaving someone
else and intiating someone for the first time into outdoor S/M.

    8          Kidnapped to the Islands                      1987
               Kidnapped to the Carribean as a plaything for a Voodoo
ritual.  You get to dominate and be dominated and you get to dominate a
boy for the first time and pierce the nipples of a young girl.

    9          Watching the Maid                              1987
               Watching a young maid get her training on the other side
of a one-way glass and being used by a strange mechanical chair at the
same time.

   10          Sailing in the Carribean                      1987
               Fun and games with 3 other couples and a captain and
first mate on a sailing boat in the Carribean where no one else can see
what is being done to you.

    11         The Special School                           1988
               You are put in charge of a special school where the
curriculum includes bondage and discipline.  You interview the first
student and have her do her first lesson right away.  She strips, is
spanked and photographed.

   12          The Diary                                     1988
               You now have 15 students at the school and one day you
discover a diary belonging to one of them.  You read an entry about
this girl being 15 years old and, along with her best friend getting an
enema and spanking by her friend's mother.

   13          The Two girls                                 1988
               You train two female students in how to dominate and
pleasure each other.

   14          The Teacher                                   1988
               You discipline one of your female instructors in the
methods you know so well.

   15          The Young Boy in Trouble                      1988
               You discipline one of your students, this one a boy, in
front of two of your more expressive female students.

   16          The Restaurant                                1988
               You are asked to expose yourself in a restaurant where
the waiter can see everything.

   17          The Secretary                                 1988
               It is your second week on the job and you discover that
this company has a unique method of quality control.

   18          On Display                                    1988
               You get a fabulous massage in what turns looks to be a
romantic evening together when it is interupted by the doorbell.

   19          The High School Locker Room                   1988
               Being a phys-ed teacher becomes very interesting when a
couple of your students stay late after class.

    20         The Bubble Bath                                 1988
               This fantasy starts with you in the bubble bath joined
by a man.

               [poster's comment: to the best of my knowledge,
                Story.20 was never written]

    21         On the Beach                                  1988
               A dream vacation that includes a romantic interlude on
the beach.

   22          In the Principal's Office                     1988
               Remembering back to your high school days and one day in
particular when you were naughty enough that you had to be punished.

   23          South American Adventure                      1988
               While on an an excursion into South America, you and
your friend Natalie are arrested by the local colonel and are punished.

   24          Submission in Suburbia                        1988
               A group of young punks snatch you up after shopping
spree in which sex shops were your favorite stop.  When they find out
what kinds of toys you bought, they feel obliged to help you 'road
test' them.

   25          Andrea in Trouble                             1988
               Version 2 of Andrea's fault in which Andrea is taught a
tough lesson she is not likely to forget.

   26          Life in the Wild West                         1988
               We travel to a dude ranch where the cowboys and cowgirls
are in charge of what happens to you.

   27          "Special Reform School for Girls"             1988
               Lori is sent by her parents for a three week stay at a
special school where she will be trained in submissiveness.

   28          The Training of Nicole                        1988
               Nicole's first session in the office.  She is spanked,
tied and experiences paper clips to the nipples as well as a butt plug
for the first time before her pussy is shaved.

   29          Lori and Roxanne Meet at the Special School   1988
               Lori is blindfolded and brought into the salon for
another "session".  She is teased with another girl who turns out to be
her sister Roxanne!

   30          The Interview                                 1988
               Sharon decides to risk all and experiment by meeting a
Master.  She is granted an interview at a hotel room and experiences
her first submissive session.

   31          Lori's Last Day at the Special School for Girls 1988
               Lori has her last day at the Special Reform School for
Girls and finally consents to have both her nipples and pussy lips
pierced with gold rings!

   32          Sharon Meets her Mistress                     1988
               Sharon meets a Mistress at the airport and then spends
the weekend under her control.  This story is their first night
together as Sharon discovers her submissiveness toward women.

   33          Darla's "Initiation"                          1988
               Darla is initiated into the new club with by her other
teenage friends.  She is told to strip and is then teased and
introduced to sex as she's never imagined it.

   34          Preparing for the Prom                        1988
               Marcie is taken to a lingerie store by her mother who,
with the help of the store manager Laura, begins dressing her daughter
for the prom from the bare skin out.

   35          Arrested in Georgia                           1988
               A mouther and daughter go on a driving vacation in the
deep south.  The adventure begins when they are arrested for
naughtiness by a local sherrif.

   36          Sam and His Young Sisters                     1988
               A fictionalized account of Sam discovering his dominance
at an early age with his sister's and their young friends.

   37          Jennifer and her Mistress                     1988
               Jennifer is a submissive 18 year old who's Mistress
takes her to meet a Master for the first time.

   38          First Meeting with her Master                 1988
               A submissive girl meets her Master for the first time
after having known him through electronic mail for months.  He fulfills
her submissive fantasies as he dominates her in ways she didn't even
expect.

   39          A Threesome - Part I                          1988
               Two women fulfill a fantasy as they join Master Chris in
their first woman to woman experience

   40          The Threesome - Part II                       1988
               One of the two women gets very turned on as her
submissive personality is exposed when she gets an over-the-knee
spanking in the office.

   41          The Threesome - Part III                      1989
               Part three of the Threesome story with a very special
birthday party including the use of some very special "toys".

   42          A Visit to "The Club"                         1989
               A very special "Club" is the scene of Master Chris' next
adventure as his submissive suffers the humiliation of showing her
submission in public.

   43          A Mistress Takes Charge                       1989
               The story of a Mistress her submissive man and her maid
from the man's perspective as Yvonne and he are dominated by the
authoritative woman.

   44          Shelly Turns a Fantasy into Reality           1989
               Shelly experiences her first submissive experience after
reading the Master Chris Collection.  She is tied blindfolded and
teased until she has an earth shattering orgasm.

   45          Best Friends - Part 1                         1989
               After discovering a bondage magazine at her boyfriend's
apartment, Kara decides to "give" herself to her him and elicits the
help of her best friend Laura to tie her up in preparation of her
boyfriend's arrival.  Once Kara is helplessly secured, Laura takes
matters into her own hands.

   46          Karen Visits Master Chris                     1990
               Karen has a meeting with her Master in a hotel only to
find that Master Chris has arranged for someone else to  prepare her.
First a  man, then a woman joins to help get her ready. She is
stripped, photographed and bound and is left waiting for Master Chris
with a mechanical anal plug  that moves in and out of her rectum.

   47          For a Price                                   1990
               Kathryn is offered an enormous sum of money to become a
sexual slave for one year.  She is flown to a Greek island where she
is "trained" by her master and his  other females submissives.

               [Poster's comment: This is a multi-part story. There may
be more parts to the story than I have.  Any help?]

   48          Interview for the "Clinic"                    1990
               Cynthia is sent on an "adventure" by her Master.  She
takes a  taxi to an office building where she is asked to strip before
a number of people interviewing her.  She is put on a strange device
that holds her completely exposed then is teased, spanked and toyed
with.

   49          Saturday's "Adventure"                        1990
               Vicky is introduced to her submissive nature for the
first time by her boyfriend Michael.  She is given instructions and a
key to a hotel room where she is to strip, blindfold and handcuff
herself and wait for the "Adventure to develop.

   50          Elizabeth's Adventure in Chicago              1990
               Elizabeth is sent instructions and an airline ticket to
Chicago where she is to meet her Master for a very special adventure
that starts with her waiting stripped and blindfolded in a strange
hotel room.

   51          Evelyn's Adventure                            1991
               Evelyn receives her instructions for this week's
adventure and finds herself in a chauffeured limousine where the limo
driver instructs her on how to prepare for an adventure with an
audience.

   52          The Hotel Room Adventure                      1991
               He is waiting in a hotel room for an adventure with his
Mistress.  She phones him with his specific instructions that has him
feel more vulnerable and helpless than ever before.

   53          Jeffery's Visit to San Francisco              1991
               Jeffery visits his Mistress Sally in San Francisco.  She
picks him up at the airport and brings him to a home where a very
special visit has been planned.

   54          Training Camp for Submissives                 1991
               Alexis lets herself be talked into being "trained" as a
submissive at special camp designed for the purpose.  This is her first
day.

   55          Alicia's Descent into Submission              1992
               Alicia discovers that her boyfriend is interested in
fullfilling one of her deepest darkest fantasies, to be tied up and
teased. Jeffrey obliges. (55A)

               In Chapter 2, Alicia lets her submissive nature be taken
farther as Jeffrey dominates her at his office and again at home. (55B)

   56          A First Evening with Master Chris             1992
               A simple list of what might happen on a first meeting
with Master Chris.  It starts off with a meeting at a hotel restaurant.

   57          A Meeting with a Mistress                     1992
               A list of what could happen when a submissive man meets
a dominant, experienced woman.

   58          Tara in the Hotel Room                        1992
               Tara meets Master Carl in a hotel room for another of
their ongoing adventures.  She is blindfolded and bound in a room and
hears the door opening, Carl leaving and then the door opening again a
few minutes later.  Is it Carl returning?

   59          Kim's Adventure                               1993
               Kim has long had an adventure of submitting totally in
front of strangers.  She's finally rewarded and is humiliated in front
of them as well.

   60          From One Couple to Another                    1993
               A dominant couple advertises for a submissive couple to
play with. Bobby and Janet reply and are immediately put into training.
This time, they know they're in for something special when their weekly
instructions include short cotton hospital gowns.

   61          Talia's Medical Examination                   1993
               Talia and her dominant lover take a drive for an
adventure one evening.  This time, her lover has brought Talia to a
woman's home. The woman is an MD and Talia is in for an embarrassing
turn in the stirrups as she is given a very thorough examination.

   62          Kathy Gives Herself to her Husband            1993
               Kathy decides at the last minute to give herself to her
husband as sex-slave for a nite on the occaision of his birthday.  She
arranges herself to be naked and blindfolded, draped over the back of
the living room sofa, with her hands cuffed behind her back.  As she
hears the door opening, she  wonders, Did he come home alone tonight?

   63          Jim Finds a Dominant Girlfriend               1993
               Jim meets Heather, a hot girlfriend who looks like she's
just his type.  He doesn't know how right he is.  Heather turns out to
like dominanting naughty little boys and Jim certainly is one.  He's
stripped, spanked and is generally submissive to her.

   64          Jennifer's Spanking                           1993
               Jennifer is a  naughty teen...  again!   And this time
she's
been caught  smoking with her cousin.  This can only result in a bare
bottomed spanking over the  "punishment  bench" with her uncle in
attendance to increase the embarassment!

   65          Pregnant Submission                           1994
               Nicole is 7 months pregnant with her first child and very
submissive. Her pregnancy has served to make her hornier than she's
ever been. She prepares herself to be on display for her husband Brad
who lubricates her with Vics, spanks her and teases her submissive
swollen body to orgasm.

   66          The Farmer's Daughter                         1994
               Betty is a 17 year old still living with her parents on
the farm.  One day she and her boyfriend try a little bondage game with
Betty naked and tied to a beam in the barn.  Her mother returns early
to catch Betty in the compromising position and decides to have Betty's
punishment given while she is still bound and naked.

   67          A Letter to the Editor                        1994
               Sue writes a letter to the editor of a spanking magazine
that describes the visit of her 17 year old niece Janice and the
punishments that Janice must endure while visiting.  Janice is
regularly punished at home with bare-bottomed spankings, and, on
occaision, enemas.

   68          Karen's Medical Examination                   1994
               Karen's dominant lover Roger prepares her for
an 'adventure'
 by ensuring she's shaved, plugged and wearing only thin dress. Then
Karen and Roger head downtown to a doctor's office for Karen's very
intimate examination.

   69          Alison's Punishment                           1994
               A sequel to story #64.  Jennifer's cousin Alison is now
due for her punishment and her Aunt and Uncle will be participating.
Alison is fastened over the punishment bench and has a ginger
suppository inserted before being given an enema and spanking.  The
teasing strocking of the hairbrush bristles are enough to cause an
orgasm.

   70          Trip to the Woodshed                          1994
               Michelle has been caught playing naughty sex-games and
her mother Susan decides that the punishment should fit the crime.
Michelle is stripped, plugged, spanked and spends corner time.  Both
her mother and father participate.

   71          The Consultant                                1994
               Master Chris responds to a voice-mail ad from an adult
service and finds a couple who want him to coach them in their D/s
games. Elaine is submissive and Rob is dominant.  Both are beginners
but very ready to learn.  Master Chris advises then assists as Elaine
is stripped, examined,
plugged, spanked and finally, brought to orgasm.

   72          First Visit to the Gynaecologist              1994
               Master Chris is invited to a friendly gynaecologists
office
 to observe and assist in the erotic first visit of 17 year old Sally.
Sally's mother Wendy is a submissive woman to  both her husband Rob and
her doctor Roger.  Sally is examined, teased, probed and ultimately
brought to orgasm
while her feet are firmly in the stirrups.

   73          Sara in Jail in South America                 1995
               Sara and Paul are on vacation in South America when
soldiers
 wake them in the middle of the night.  Before they know what's
happening, they are in Jail.  Sara is interrogated by an officer who
strips her and spanks her.  Then it's off to the prison doctor for a
pre-entry exam that involves exposure, enemas and lots of embarassment.

    74         Playing Doctor                                 1996
               Karin's best friend Leanne lets her friend know that she
and
her husband John have been playing "Doctor" to spice up their sex life.
Karin is invited one night to watch and then participates as Leanne
gives John a very special examination.

     75        Home Sick                                       1996
               In a continuing series about rectal temperatures and
other treatments reserved for naughty boys and girls, this point by
point outline suggests what might happen when a friend of Master Chris
drops by on a day when he reports in sick with a fever.

     76        Airport Arrival                                 1996
               Lynn is waiting for her boyfriend Steven at the airport.
She's planned a very special homecoming for him.  She's freshly shaved
and plugged with anal beads.  She takes him to the mountains and has
her come across her self-bound, spread and ready for loving.

     77        Back in the Corner                               1996
               A young man recalls how he became a regularly spanked boy
first by his mother then by the woman who lived next door.  Spanks,
teasing, corner time and the embarrassment of over the knee punishment
are all featured.

     78        The Camping Trip

     79        Lira's Story aka Police Lineup

-------------------
Hi all,

As requested over and over during the last few months, I am reposting the
entire Master Chris collection.  I will be reposting the entire collection
to alt.sex.stories and the stories which are applicable to alt.sex.spanking.
There is a new index which goes from story 1 to 77.

Before any of you ask, there are two stories *not* being posted.  They are
the ever elusive story #20 (still not complete after all these years) and
story #75 (Home sick which is in outline form only and will be posted,
hopefully soon).

There is an all-new Master Chris story.  It is # 77 entitled "Back in the
Corner".  It's a F/m story.

It will take several days to move all these stories through the anon server
so please be patient.
If there is someone who'd like to post these to a Web site, drop me a line.

Enjoy,
Master Chris
-------------------




1 At the Doctor's Office

One night I promise to treat you to a night of pleasure such as you've
never had before. The only catch is, I say, that you must obey my every
word. We get in the car and I take you to a downtown skyscraper office
complex. I bring you to an empty doctor's waiting room and tell you to
wait and that you will be told what to do then I leave.

You sit nervously in the waiting room. These kinds of places never made
you feel very comfortable anyway and you are anxiously wondering what
you will be asked to do. A few minutes later, a nurse comes out into
the waiting room. She is tall with dark hair, a good figure; definitely
the no-nonsense type.

She tells you to follow her and immediately turns around and walks back
down the corridor of the office. You follow her down the short hallway
and into an examining room. She turns around and tells you to remove
all your clothing including your watch and jewelry and to put on the
gown then she leaves the room.

Feeling some apprehension, you follow her instructions. The gown is the
standard hospital issue. It is worn with the opening at the back and
comes down to mid-thigh. There is only one tie at the back at the neck.
You tie the one tie and as you raise your hands to do so, feel the back
of the gown part to expose your bottom. You feel particularly
vulnerable. You wait for what seems like forever (about 5 minutes) for
someone to come in. You spend the time looking around. It is pretty
much like any examining room. The stirrups at the end of the table
cause a little chill to go up your spine and the instruments on the
counter cause you to shudder.

Finally the nurse returns. She stands directly in front of you for a
moment looking you up and down then she says, "Clasp your hands behind
your head." You do so, feeling once again the gown parting behind you.
She then reaches down and grasping the hem of the gown, pulls it up to
the level of your neck. You are completely exposed to her. She holds
the gown up for a long moment and then drops it.

"Follow me," she says. She turns and walks out, past the waiting room
and into the main corridor beyond. She holds the door open for you to
follow. She walks down the hallway and presses the elevator button. You
are now REALLY nervous.

"What if someone sees me in this gown?! What if someone in on the
elevator?! Where is she taking me?!" you think. The elevator opens and
blissfully, there is no one there.

The nurse takes you down to the 14th floor and along a similar corridor.
You enter another doctor's office and walk past his waiting room and
into his office. The nurse motions you inside. She closes the door
behind you. Inside the dimly lit office you see four men. They are all
approximately 35 years old.

Behind the desk is obviously the doctor. He is wearing the standard
white coat and seems to be in charge. The other men are all well
dressed and as you look around you see me sitting in a corner.

You are acutely aware that your only garment is the flimsy hospital
gown. Your palms feel moist as you watch the four men looking at you.
You notice also in this brief moment, that you are moist elsewhere too.

The doctor points to a side door and tells you to enter. You do so, and
find another examining room much like the one you undressed in. The
doctor follows you in and starts with a standard examination of your
heart, lungs etc. Then he tells you to remove your gown. He takes it
from you and hangs it on a hook on the door. He has you sit on the edge
of the examining table and touches your breasts. His hands are dry and
cool as they touch your warm body.

He squeezes each breast carefully and then squeezes the nipples. "I
want you to tell me which gives you more pleasure, pulling on your
nipples gently like this or pulling on them very hard like this."

"Very hard," you say.

The doctor lets go of your nipples and without saying anything else
leaves the room. Your nipples are tingling. A moment later the nurse
returns.

"Lie down on the table." she says. You lie back against the cold paper
of the table. The nurse opens one of the drawers and pulls out several
leather straps.

Your heart jumps. The nurse fastens one strap to each wrist. The
leather straps are sturdy with felt lining and a metal clip on the
outside. The nurse continues, attaching leather straps to your ankles
and to your thighs just above the knee.

"Slide down to the end of the table." she says. You know now exactly
what position you will be put in. The nurse places your feet in the
metal stirrups and adjusts them for maximum exposure. She then fastens
your knees so they are held wide apart. Your ankle straps are attached
to the stirrups so there is no possibility of your getting up before
you are released. Moving to the head of the table, she takes your hands
and attaches them to a clip there. You are now exposed totally. The
nurse then lowers the section of the table that is between your legs.

You feel her gaze on your pussy and you are embarrassed to feel how wet
you now are. The nurse reaches down and you feel her grasp the
sensitive lips of your pussy with her long fingernails. She pulls them
gently but firmly apart to uncover your last defense.

She sees how wet you are and smiles, "You'll enjoy this, I think". She
then goes to the door of the doctor's office and says, "She's ready for
you now doctor."

The doctor enters after a moment and looks down at your naked body. You
are so hot, you can't help your hips moving a little bit.

The doctor moves to a drawer and takes out two strange looking devices
that look like large paper clips. "My job is to prepare you." says the
doctor. He takes the two clips and attaches one to each nipple already
hard with excitement. They pinch the nipples feeling almost exactly
like the pinching of your nipples by the doctor a several minutes
before. He then sits down between your legs.

He pulls gently at your pubic hair and says, "This will have to go, but
not this time." You hear him putting on his gloves and then a moment
later you feel his fingers at the lips of your pussy. The touch is
electric. You let out a little moan and your hips jump at the touch.
The doctor then slides two fingers deep into your pussy while the thumb
of his other hand touches your clitoris. He keeps moving those fingers
back and forth and every time you feel about to come he stops.

After several minutes of this, he pulls away. You are aware of the heat
from each nipple still entrapped in the clips. Now a well-lubricated
finger slides slowly into your bottom. He moves it in and out. You
can't help gasping when he goes particularly deep. After another couple
of moments he stands up.

He looks at you and smiles, "I think an enema is in order here." You
feel a blush hit your face. You have never had an enema but what you
know of them doesn't seem pleasant. The doctor removes the nipple clips
and leaves the room.

You feel your own juices seeping down your bottom.

After a couple of minutes, the door opens again and a boy perhaps 17 or
18 years old walks in wearing a white lab coat. He looks at you and
immediately blushes, "I'm here to give you your treatment." he mumbles
and moves to the end of the table.

You watch him fill a large red rubber bag with water and place it on
the hook of a stand. You are mortified to think that this young boy is
looking at your naked body stretched out on the table and that there is
nothing you can do about it.

You turn your head away from him. A moment later you feel the thin
finger of the boy lubricating your bottom again. He continues for a
while and then stops. You feel the end of the rather thick enema nozzle
pushing into your ass. The nozzle is pushed into you until a good seven
inches is lodged in your behind. You see the boy reach up to the knob
and then you feel the warm water slowly entering your bowels. This
continues until you have had the full quart of water and your stomach
has slowly expanded to allow it. During these few minutes, the boy has
not been idle. He has continued to move the nozzle slowly in and out,
twisting it back and forth. The nerves in your bottom are tingling.
Finally the container is empty. As the nozzle is removed a plug about 3
inches long and 1 inch thick is pushed into place.

"This will keep it in." says the boy as he leaves the room.

You stomach is tight with the pressure of the water. Fortunately you
don't have to wait long before the nurse and doctor return. They remove
your restraints and with one of them on either side of you, you are
led, totally naked, out of the room to the washroom down the hallway.
With great relief you feel the plug removed and the water expelled.

After cleaning up, the nurse attaches your wrists behind your back and
leads you back into the doctor's office. The men are still there and
they eye you appreciatively as you are brought to the side of the room.
A rope dangles from a hook in the ceiling and the nurse quickly
attaches your hands to it. You are now standing facing the four men. As
the doctor describes the events of the past half-hour, you feel your
face blush and you feel the eyes of the men examining you piece by
piece. When the doctor is finished describing your 'preparation', the
men begin to comment on your body,

"The breasts are firm," says one.

"What was the sensitivity of the nipples?"

The doctor says, "They responded well to hard pinching and she started
to get wet as soon as the clamps were attached.

"Another asks how tight your ass was.

"Wonderful," says the doctor, "I think she might like it better there
than in her pussy."

"Her pubic hair should be shaved," says the third man.

"Yes," says the doctor, "but we agreed that we wouldn't do that on the
first session."

The doctor comes over to you and turns you around so you are facing the
wall.

The men comment on the shape and firmness of your bottom. Your ankles
are now fastened to hooks in the floor so they are about two and a-half
feet apart. Your nipples just touch the wall in front of you. It feels
strange to feel the cool wall touching them. You feel the lips of your
pussy being held apart as a small dildo is inserted there. As soon as
it has been inserted to its fullest, someone turns it on and it begins
to vibrate. You are unable to contain a moan as you body starts to
squirm.

As you turn your head to the side, you see one of the men holding a
wide leather strap. It looks like a two inch brown belt without a
buckle. Without further ado, he swings it down on our bottom. You feel
a hot sharp pain and then another as he strikes again. He gives you six
more and your bottom is feeling very warm.

You are not in pain, but the heat of the spanking is travelling right
through your body.

The vibrator is removed and you are taken down from the wall and placed
bent over the desk. Your hands are attached to the sides and your
ankles are spread wide apart. The doctor moves around to in front of
you and unzips himself. You see his hard dick approaching your mouth
and you eagerly open your mouth to accept it. Meanwhile, a large cock
is slowly pushing itself into your hot, wet pussy. As both men begin to
fuck you simultaneously, you surrender yourself totally to the
sensations. It is not long before the man at your pussy comes and is
replaced by the next. The doctor withdraws from your mouth and comes.
You stick out your tongue to catch a few drops.

The man behind you has begun lubricating your bottom and you are sure
you know why. While everyone watches, one of the men slowly sticks his
cock into your ass and begins pumping with full strokes. You moan
uncontrollably and a minute later you feel his come shooting into you.
This final sensation is too much for your over- extended nerves and you
finally come and continue your orgasm for a couple of minutes.

When you are done, the men remove your bonds. They have you stand,
facing them once more. One of them stands up.

He looks directly at you and says, "These are the rules by which you
will abide from now on: First, you are no longer permitted to wear a
bra or panties at any time. Second, your clothes must be such that
access to your body is always permitted. Third, you will obey the
instructions of anyone in this group. Forth, you will visit here at
least once per month to continue your training. Do you agree to all of
these conditions?"

You can't believe it is your voice that you hear saying "Yes, sir."

I stand up and say "Follow me." and then walk out of the room. You
follow quietly. We walk down the hallway and through the empty waiting
room. I open the door and you follow me, naked, into the corridor. All
the way back to the office where you clothes are you are amazed that
you make no attempt to cover yourself.

When we enter the examining room where it all started, I say, "Get up
on the table." You do so and without my asking, put your feet in the
stirrups and stretch your hands above your head.

I look at you for a long moment and then I say, "You were very hot
tonight."

Dropping my pants, I enter you slowly and together we come to another
mind-blowing orgasm.




2 The Store Manager's Office

It is almost exactly a month after your first night of training when I
say, "Your training will continue tomorrow." Your heart jumps and
immediately you break into a sweat. In nothing flat, your pussy has
already started to drip.

"Here are your instructions." I say. I tell you to go to one of the
larger downtown department stores at noon the following day. I give you
the name of the woman who is the general manager and tell you to report
to her.

Sleeping that night is almost impossible. You keep thinking of your
last encounter and the anticipation of what is to come is unbearable.
You take great care dressing the next morning. On the subway going
downtown, you are acutely aware of the draft going up your skirt
directly to your uncovered pussy and you are convinced that someone can
see through your blouse to your naked breasts.

Precisely at noon, you announce yourself to the secretary of the woman.
She tells you to follow her. You are led into the plush office of the
general manager. A severe but beautiful woman approximately 40 years
old is behind the desk. The secretary leads you to a spot about ten
feet before the desk.

The manager looks at you and says, "Lift your skirt."

Your face turns beet red as you reach down to pull the skirt up to your
waist.

Both the manager and the secretary stare at your brown curls for a
moment.

"Remove all of your clothes." says the general manager.

"Here!?" you squeak. Anyone could come in at any time and you are very
nervous.

"Here," says the woman.

With trembling hands you undo the buttons on your blouse and let it
fall to the floor. The skirt soon follows. The secretary brings over
six leather straps that are all too familiar and attaches them to your
wrists, ankles and thighs.

The general manager reaches into her desk and pulls out a small leather
paddle.

She hands it to the secretary and says, "Make sure that her bottom is
warm to the touch when you are finished." She then leaves the room.

The secretary attaches your wrist straps together and pulls you over
her knee on a chair in the middle of the room. For the next few
minutes, the leather paddle falls on your bottom leaving it red and
hot. When she is done, she has you stand in the corner of the room,
facing it. You feel just like a little girl. Your red bottom is on
display for anyone interested in looking. Over the next five minutes or
so, you hear the door opening and closing and people who can obviously
see you coming in and out. You are sure that your face is at least as
red as your bottom when the general manager finally instructs you to
approach her desk.

You are placed on your back on her desk and your wrists, ankles and
thighs are attached to ropes so that you are completely exposed. The
woman touches your breasts first. She gently caresses them and
alternately pinches them. You watch and feel her pull the nipple so the
breast is pulled up and then let go. The breast falls back against your
body and you moan. After a moment or two, your nipples are rock-hard.
The woman reaches down and quickly attaches nipple clips to your
breasts. You gasp and begin moving your hips.

The woman walks around in front of your pussy and says, "Do you like
the feeling of your nipples being pinched?"

"Yes," you gasp, "It makes me hot."

The woman spreads the lips of your pussy apart to verify that this is
so.

"Perhaps," she says, "we shall one day pierce those big nipples of
yours with a gold ring." You close your eyes at the thought of your
nipples being pierced.

You imagine at once the pain of the piercing and the constant
stimulation of your breasts.

You feel the fingers of the woman at your pussy again. You open your
eyes and she has a small pair of scissors and is quickly cutting away
your pubic hair.

"Please don't." you say.

The woman's eyes look like steel. "If you speak again," she says, "you
will be severely punished."

You close your eyes, shamed that another woman will soon see you as you
were when you were ten years old. In fact, over the next few minutes as
the last of your pubic hair is shaved off, you feel like a little girl
whose body is subject to adult supervision and control.

You open your eyes again as the procedure finishes. All of your pubic
hair has been removed. What the woman can see now is the puffed out
lips of your pussy and the full length of your slit. She takes some
baby oil and slowly begins to massage it into your pussy. The heat of
your pussy and her hand has you moaning and squirming on the table.
Reaching down, the woman grasps the lips of your pussy and stretches
them wide apart. You are completely exposed to her. She then touches
the tip of your clitoris with the tip of her tongue. It is too much.
You start to come, moaning and bucking your hips into her face.

A moment later you are detached and, after dressing, sent on your way.
As you leave her office, you feel the eyes of the other office workers
on you and you are sure that they know what has been done to you. You
are grateful when the doors to the elevator firmly close behind you and
you know that the second phase of your training is over.




3 At the Chateau

You are driving around the countryside with me on a Saturday morning. You are
dressed appropriately; a simple white blouse with buttons down the front, a
white skirt and sneakers. You are wearing no underwear. It is a warm and sunny
day. All of a sudden, I pull the car over to the side of the road.

"It is time for your third lesson.", I say. You immediately begin to get wet.

"You must be totally obedient today.", I say, "Are you ready to do that?"

"Yes, sir", you answer.

I open the glove compartment and take out handcuffs and a blindfold. Your heart
jumps. I attach your hands behind your head to the headrest of your seat. I then
attach the blindfold. Suddenly, you can't see anything. Your other senses seem
to heighten and you feel a familiar stirring between your legs.

"Spread your knees.", I say. You follow the instructions. You feel my hands
slowly, pulling your skirt up to the level of your hips. You feel a slight draft
across your shaved pussy. The car starts again and imprisoned like this, you
drive for perhaps ten minutes. As soon as the car stops, you feel your hands
being released from the head rest. The car door opens and you feel a hand on
each arm guiding you up some stairs.

You are moved inside a door and then the hands leave your arms. A moment later
your hands are attached above your head. Then nothing happens for several
minutes. You are very excited with anticipation. After a while, you hear
footsteps. Your blindfold is removed and you take a look at your surroundings.
You are in a hallway of a large mansion. There are paintings on the walls and
chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.

In front of you is a beautiful woman of about your age. She has short curly
blond hair with brown eyes. She is completely naked! As you look down you see
she has the familiar leather bracelets on her wrists and ankles. Her pubic hair
has been shaved off just like yours. You look at her breasts and see a gold ring
going through each large brown nipple.

"Your nipples!", you blurt out. The woman smiles at you and, moving her hands
under your blouse, takes one of your breasts in each hand.

"It hurt at first", she says, "but now these rings give me incredible pleasure.
Sometimes you can make me come just by playing with them." She squeezes your
nipples at first gently and then harder. You give out a little moan.

"You'll like it when it's done to you.", she says. Then she removes your
handcuffs and says, "Follow me."

You find it very strange to be fully clothed walking behind this naked woman.
She leads you along a large corridor and into a large room. There are three more
women equally undressed waiting for you.

"Get undressed." says the nearest one.

You fumble with your buttons as you obey the command. When you are completely
naked, one of the women leads you to a sunken bathtub. For the next half-hour
you are bathed from head to foot. You are embarrassed as they wash your pussy
and ass but you follow their instructions.

As soon as your bath is complete and you are dry, you are led to a padded
massage table. Bracelets are again attached to your wrists, ankles and thighs.
You are then attached to the table so that your arms are tight above your head
and your legs are held wide apart. One of the girls attaches nipple clips to
your nipples and you begin to squirm as you feel them pinch you. Another girl
stands between your legs.

She looks at you and says, "Your visit here will be a mixture of pleasure and
pain."

She then takes a thin leather strap and begins gently slapping the end of it
against your pussy. At first the sensation is very pleasant as you feel the
strap hit your clitoris. The strokes become steadily stronger and soon your
pussy is just gushing its juices at the sensation. You whole body feels warm.
The final stroke is a hard one and you yelp.

The woman smiles at you and says, "You will be left here for several minutes and
I want to leave you something to think about."

She reaches into a nearby jar of ointment and takes a small dab on one finger.
Holding your pussy lips apart with one hand, she applies the ointment directly
onto the nub of your clitoris. The ointment tickles a bit and you start to
involuntarily move your hips around as another dab is applied to your anus.

The four women leave. You are still on your back and exposed totally. The tickle
at your clitoris and your bottom has now become hot. The ointment that was put
there is generating heat. You begin to squirm uncontrollably in your bonds. The
heat continues to grow in intensity and between the stimulation of your
clitoris, your bottom and the nipple clips still attached to your breasts, you
feel turned on as you never have been before. You are moaning continuously and
you are dying to free your hands so you can touch yourself. Finally, without
anyone touching you, you come. The orgasm continues for what seems forever as
you cry out at the sensation.

Obviously you were being observed, because as soon as you come, the women return
and release you. Your nipple clips are removed and your hands are attached
behind your back and you are led, naked, out of the room and down the corridor.
The other women are now dressed and this time it is you who is walking in the
nude. Two girls open a set of double doors and with one girl holding each arm,
you are led into a crowded ballroom of people obviously having a party.

You are mortified.

You could die from embarrassment. the guests do not seem shocked to see you,
instead they seem amuse. The women point to your naked slit and whisper giggled
comments to their partners. As you pass through the crowd, some people reach out
to fondle a breast or touch your ass or pussy. You are led to the center of the
large room. The crowd parts aside and you see a doctor's examining table there.
You now know what will be happening to you. Sure enough, you are placed on the
table with your hands fastened to the head of the table and your legs spread
wide apart. You feel cool fingers pulling open the lips of your pussy and
rubbing your juices into your clit.

You feel the cool feeling of vaseline as a lubricated finger makes its way up
into your ass. One woman on either side of you sucks a nipple each. You cannot
help the moan that escapes your lips. As your nipples become hard, the women
stop and re-attach the nipple clips to them. The finger in your ass is withdrawn
and replaced by a small vibrating butt plug. The woman between your legs stops
and moves aside.

A man takes her place and immediately begins pumping into you. Despite your
bonds, your body strains upward as you try for the deepest penetration possible.
The man comes, pumping his semen deep into your body. He withdraws and another
takes his place. This one is slightly larger than the first and stretches you as
he fills you up. The women at your sides begin toying with the nipple clips and
all of a sudden you begin coming. The man continues to fuck you as you abandon
all your inhibitions. Your body is super-sensitive and your continue your orgasm
after the man has withdrawn from you.

Finally, it is over. The vibrating dildo is pulled gently from your ass. You are
left tied up however and you lay there passively. There is a sheen of sweat
across you entire body.

The party continues and a few of the guests touch you as they walk by. One
couple you notice in particular. She is perhaps 18 or 19 years old. She is
wearing a white party dress and her face is the picture of innocence. It is her
boyfriend who instructs her to touch your breasts and nipples. You see her
tremble as she does so. The boyfriend then tells her to push a finger into your
shaven pussy. The girl looks afraid and the boy must tell her again before you
feel her finger move tentatively into you.

"One day it will be you tied here", he tells her. "You will have a shaved pussy
and everyone will be looking at and touching you and you'll be helpless to
prevent it. Would you like that?"

"Yes", whispers the girl.

As you lie there, you find the thought of that strangely exciting. Perhaps you
will get the chance to see someone else trained before you one day. Soon the
women come to take you back to the room where you undressed. You are cleaned up
and gently massaged and your body restored. The women leave you sitting on an
ottoman in front of a ceiling to floor mirror. In the mirror, you see the door
open behind you and I come in.

Standing behind you I reach down and cup your breasts in my hands. You look in
the mirror at the two of us and without my asking, open your legs to expose
yourself to me. I smile at the sight. You look at yourself in the mirror and you
know you will never be the same.




4 Return as the Nurse

One day we are on a walk in the park and I say, "Are you ready to be
trained again?" You look up at me with a mixture of fear and
excitement. I laugh, "No, no, it will not be like last time. You have
long since graduated beyond that."

You are a little confused. "Tonight," I say, "a young girl will be
initiated as you were in the doctor's office several weeks ago. You can
assist in her training if you wish."

You are immediately excited by the prospect. You remember the nurse who
once touched your body and who tied you up for the first time.

"Alright." you say, "What do I have to do?"

"You will be the nurse tonight." I explain, "We'll go to the doctor's
office tonight." That afternoon I bring you the nurse's uniform. I sit
down on the bed and watch as you get dressed. When you move to put on
white stockings I stop you.

"No. You must be completely naked under the uniform. For the evening to
be successful, you must be as hot as she is." Following my
instructions, you wear nothing under the tight uniform. You pause only
to anoint your nipples and shaved pussy with perfume. The touch of your
fingers on your body and the thought of the night to come make your
nipples hard and your pussy wet.

"Let's go." I say. We go into the office building you remember so well
and proceed directly up to the 14th floor. Three men are there. You
recognize two of them including the doctor. They smile and ask you to
sit down. It is the doctor who seems to be organizing the evening.

"The whole intent here," he says, "is to have her be more sexually
excited by the time she enters the room than she's ever been before."
he looks directly at you, "You are the key element in all of this. Just
as it was for you, she must feel embarrassment, restraint and
helplessness. However, during it all, we will care for her sexually.
She will have our total attention. There are no restrictions on what
you can do to her. The only criteria is that when you turn her over to
us she be more turned on than you can imagine."

The doctor shows you downstairs to the office on the 12th floor and
tells you to wait in the examining room. "You can expect a ten to
fifteen minute wait." he says. With the door open, you know you will
hear her enter the waiting room. You are getting more and more excited
yourself just waiting. You look around the room. The examining table is
just like you remember. The stirrups at the end of the table cause a
little shiver to go up your spine.

Suddenly, you hear the office door open. "Sit here." says a man's
voice, "Someone will be here shortly and you must do exactly what you
are told."

"Okay." says a girl.

The door closes and you wait an extra few minutes remembering that the
anticipation excited you when it was you in the waiting room. You stand
up finally and take a last look in the mirror. You straighten your
uniform and then you go quickly to the waiting room. She is about
nineteen years old, blonde with a good figure. She is startled by your
entrance.

"Follow me." you say in your most business-like manner. Without waiting
to see if she is following, you turn and head back into the examining
room. Upon entering, you turn around. She is right behind you. You
don't say anything for a moment as you look at her. She is bustier than
you thought at first and she seems quite shy. She can't meet your eyes
but rather, keeps looking at the floor.

"Get completely undressed." you say, "Remove your outer clothing, your
underwear, even your jewelry. When you have done that, put on this
gown. I will be back shortly."

You leave the room and close the door. You are flushed with excitement.
To have this young innocent girl under your complete control turns you
on. You are sure she would do anything you asked.

You wait a couple of minutes to make sure she's had time to change and
then you return. She is wearing the flimsy hospital gown and you look
at her for a moment. "Clasp you hands behind your head." you say. She
does so.

You know how vulnerable she must feel so you don't do anything for a
moment.

"Turn around slowly." you say. The girl begins to turn around. As her
ass comes into view, naked beneath her gown, you say "Stop."

You wait a long moment, looking at her cute tight little bottom then
you tell her to continue. When she is facing you again, a deep blush is
on her face. She is obviously embarrassed.

"Stand still." you tell her. In one quick motion, you pull the hem of
the gown right up to her neck. Her face turns a deep red and she gasps.
You hold the gown up for a moment and gaze at her exposed body. Her
large breasts are firm and well shaped. They are topped with cherry-
sized nipples that are dark brown. They are already hard just as yours
are. She is a true blonde and her curly blonde pubic hair is neatly
trimmed for summer bikini wearing. You let go of the gown and tell the
girl to follow you.

You leave the office and head right for the elevator. The girl follows
you nervously. When you have entered the elevator, you tell the girl to
face one of its mirrored walls.

"Raise your gown and touch your nipples to the wall." you say. She
follows your instructions and you leave her in this position until
you've reached your floor.

Covered again, the embarrassed girl follows you down the corridor to
the doctor's office. You bring her right into the room where the four
of us are waiting. We eye the blonde appreciatively. The doctor tells
you to take her into the examining room. You open the side door and
follow her in. You pick up a thermometer and standing right in front of
her so she can see what you are doing, you lubricate it in a jar of
Vaseline. She eyes the thermometer apprehensively.

"I'll have to take you temperature now." you say, "Please turn around
and bend over the table.

She does as you ask and the folds of her gown fall naturally to the
sides to expose her bottom. Despite her dark tan, her bottom is, in
contrast, very white.

You take a moment to admire her tan line. Then, holding her buttocks
apart with one hand, you gently insert the thermometer in her anus.
When it is almost completely in, you begin moving it in and out and
twirling it around. You hear her stifle a moan. Obviously you are
having some effect on her! You keep it going for a minute or two and
then take the thermometer out.

"Stand up and remove your gown." you say. Blushing furiously, she does
so. You take your time, hanging up the gown and returning.

"Please lie down on the table." The blonde lies back. Her heavy breasts
are firm enough that they continue to stick up. You see the nipples are
rock hard.

"Slide down to the end of the table." you say. The girl hesitates a
moment. You can see that she is eyeing the stirrups and knows that
they'll soon be used to expose her.

You help her place her feet in the stirrups and then you take out the
leather straps. The girl's eyes are wide as saucers as you attach the
straps to her ankles, wrists and just above her knees. You use the
straps to fasten her feet to the stirrups and to hold her knees wide
apart. Then you take her hands and stretch them tightly to the top of
the table.

Through all this, she lies there passively. You've already seen that
she is very wet, just dripping in anticipation. You're wet yourself.
Your nipples have been crying out for attention for a half-hour. When
you finish attaching her you pause to look over your handiwork. She is
stretched out, completely at your mercy. You can't resist teasing her a
bit more.

"Do you have sensitive nipples?" you ask.

"Yes," she whispers.

You reach over and pinch one in each hand. "Which gives you more
pleasure?" you say as you stroke the long brown nipples upward gently,
"stroking your nipples lightly like this, or," as you pinch the nipples
very hard, "squeezing them very hard like this?"

"Very hard." she gasps.

You smile and then pull the nipple upward until the breast is
distended. You then let go and the breast falls back. The girl closes
her eyes she is so turned on. you reach under your skirt, unable to
resist touching yourself. You are soaking wet. You slide two fingers
deep into your hot pussy and just about come.

You touch the girl's lips with your fingers.

"Lick them." you say. The tip of the girl's pink tongue extends to lick
your fingers. The feeling is exquisite. You move to the end of the
table and take a good look at her pussy. You reach down and take one
pussy lip in each hand holding it tightly between finger and thumb.
Gently but firmly you spread her lips apart as wide as they will go
until the pink interior of her dripping pussy is completely exposed.
You reach down and touch the tip of her hard clitoris with the tip of
your tongue. Her stomach tightens and her hips jump off the table at
the sensation. A loud moan escapes her lips. Unable to restrain
yourself any more, you stand up and leave the room returning to the
doctor's office.

"She's ready for you now." you say.

You take my hand in your and whisper "Let's go!" You are so turned on
that we make it only as far as the elevator before you are all over me.
In the elevator, you pull off your uniform and naked, on the floor of
the mirrored elevator we make love until we both scream in a mind-
blowing orgasm.




5 Spectator Sport at the High School

"I have plans for you this evening," I say one afternoon. You are
sitting at your desk at work talking to me on the phone.

"What are you wearing?" I ask.

"A skirt and blouse." you say.

"What else?" I ask.

You look around nervously to make sure no one can hear you. Your voice
catches in your throat for a moment, then you say in a very quiet
voice, "I'm wearing a lace, front closing bra, a pair of white bikini
panties, stockings and shoes."

"I want you to go to the bathroom and remove your bra, panties and
stockings." I say. "Do this now and call me back."

You go directly to the bathroom. The underwear ends up in your purse
and the sensation of your nipples rubbing against your blouse is
exciting. You hope no one notices that your dark nipples are now almost
visible under the blouse. A few minutes later you're speaking to me
again.

"Tonight," I say, "you're going to be treated to something special. You
must do exactly as you are told."

"Alright," you whisper.

"I'll pick you up at 6pm," I say. At 6 o'clock you are outside the
building waiting for me to pick you up. There is a slight breeze and it
feels strangely exciting to feel it move across your shaven pussy. I
pick you up a moment later.

"Put your hands behind your head." I say. You follow my instructions 
and you feel me attach your wrists to cuffs on the headrest. "Lift
yourself up." You do so and I quickly raise your skirt above your hips.
You sit down again feeling the seat directly against your ass and
pussy. I reach over and undo your blouse almost to your waist. Your
breasts are now quite accessible to me. "Open your legs." I order. You
spread your knees wide apart. You have never been so exposed in a
public place before and you are getting nervous and excited at the same
time.

You tell me what you're feeling and I say, "You will be exposed totally
tonight.

You shiver at the thought of what is ahead. I start the car and drive
about fifteen minutes to a high school. I unfasten your hands and tell
you to button your blouse. We enter the school and I lead you through a
maze of corridors. At this time of night, the school seems deserted.
Finally, we arrive in a small room. The walls are typical high-school
cement and the floor is the standard vinyl tile.

In the room is a large black man and two young women. The women are
gorgeous.

They are tall, blond Nordic types with great figures. All three people
are wearing tight black leather clothing.

"Listen to them." I say and then leave the room.

The man looks at you, "Take those clothes off," he says. Your fingers
fumble at your buttons as you obey his commands. You keep looking at
the floor as your blush moves from your face down your now naked chest.
It takes only a moment and you are completely naked. The women each
take an arm and they lead you to a padded massage table. They lie you
on your back and fasten leather straps to your wrists and ankles. Then
they rub warm oil all over your body. They pay particular attention to
your breasts where extra oil is applied and rubbed in.

You feel your nipples being pinched by the slippery hands.

As soon as your nipples are hard they move their hands lower down. Oil
is massaged into your hot, shaved slit and you fell warm slippery
fingers penetrating both your pussy and ass at the same time.

They turn you over and continue the exercise until you are completely
covered in the oil. You are lifted from the table and held before the
black man for inspection. He reaches out and grasps one slippery nipple
in his large fingers.

He squeezes it hard and you can't stifle the moan that comes to your
lips.

He laughs as he takes his hand away, "Yes," he says, "I think you'll do
fine."

The girls attach long ropes to the straps at your wrists and they each
take one as they lead you from the room and down the long empty
corridor. You can't believe you are actually so exposed in a public
place. They lead you through a door and you are suddenly in darkness.
It is the back of a stage, you realize.

The stage and auditorium are in complete darkness with one chilling
exception.

About thirty feet ahead of you, in the center of the blacked out stage,
is a doctor's examining table. A single spotlight highlights the table.
A shiver runs up your spine and your stomach tightens at the sight. It
is obvious where you are heading.

The girls move forward, pulling you behind them. You are told to lie on
the table on your back and you do so. You adjust yourself to the end of
the table.

Your feet are strapped to the stirrups and your hands are attached so
they are stretched above your head. The table back is lifted so that
your head and back are tilted to a partially sitting/reclining position
looking down between your legs. The stirrups are spread far apart and
your knees are fastened apart also.

One of the women reaches down to spread your already wet pussy lips and
then you are left there.

A moment later a, you hear a voice through the sound system of the
Auditorium, "This is our subject for today. As you can see, she is a
submissive. Her pussy is kept shaved and she is already wet as a result
of her bondage. Today, you will see how she responds to nipple and
breast stimulation, being sucked and strong stimulation of the genital
and anal areas. Volunteers should now make their way to the stage."

You are shocked beyond belief! First to hear the voice at all then what
is this about volunteers!? The lights in the auditorium go up slowly
and you see that it is a packed house. There must be 200-300 people
sitting there and you are helplessly exposed. Several people, the
'volunteers' are already moving toward the stage. Soon there are
several men and women waiting for their chance to touch you. The black
man instructs the first two, a pair of young girls, to begin playing
with your breasts. The begin stroking and caressing them. He shows them
that pinching your nipples hard turns you on and you feel the fingers
of the girls as they pull and pinch the sensitive nipples. You close
your eyes for a moment at the pleasure. Then he shows the girls how to
attach nipple clips that will pinch you continuously. Through it all,
the disembodied voice in the sound system keeps a running commentary.

The two girls leave and a young man takes their place. He is shown how
wet you become when he grasps your pussy lips and spreads them widely
and firmly apart.

He is shown exactly where your clitoris is and you feel his tongue
slide across it. You let out a loud moan. The black man stops him just
before you come.

A young couple now approach. She is instructed to lubricate your
bottom. She begins tentatively and you feel her thin finger slide
slowly into your anus. The man meanwhile, continues to play with your
soaking pussy. The double stimulation of your pussy and ass continues
until you think you'll scream.

You hear a movement to your left and you turn your head to see what it
is. One of the women is moving a medical stand on which is hanging a
large red enema bag. You think for a moment that you should be
concerned but you are so hot that you don't care. The woman between
your legs withdraws her finger and begins sliding the long thin enema
nozzle into your bottom. The man is still stroking your pussy.

A moment later you feel the warm water gushing into you. As soon as it
is finished, the girl removes the nozzle and replaces it with a
vibrating butt plug. Your stomach is very tight with the water of the
enema and the vibrating plug is driving you crazy in a hurry. The man
now drops his pants and with one long stroke slides his cock into you.
This stimulation is the last straw.

Between the pinching of your nipples, the fullness of your belly, the
vibrator in your ass and the warm cock in your pussy, you are able to
last only a couple of strokes before you begin coming as never before.
You ass tightens on the vibrator and your vagina on his cock. You
scream out at the sensation. This sets him off too. He joins his cries
to yours as you come together.

The audience leaps to its feet to applaud an outstanding performance.
You hear their clapping continue as you are unfastened from the table
and led off the stage.

Some time later, after you have been cleaned up and refreshed, you find
yourself back in the room where the evening started. You are dressed
again in your blouse and skirt. One of the women says, "We have a
present for you." She holds up the vibrating butt plug. "We'd like you
to wear it on special occasions. Will you wear it now?"

You look at the floor as you whisper, "Yes."

She smiles, "Please turn around and bend over." she says. You do so and
you feel your skirt raised to your waist. The vibrator is cool from the
lubricant coating it but the sensation of it sliding into your bottom
is very exciting.

You leave the room and are guided to the parking lot.

In the car again you feel the fullness of the plug in your behind as
you sit down. I reach over to touch you as I demand you tell me
everything. Remembering the last couple of hours you come again and
again.




6 Demonstration in the Hospital

You are at your desk at the office when I call, "Hello," you say.

"Hi," I reply, "tell me...what exactly are you wearing right now?" Your
heart skips a beat. This has become almost a code phrase that means
that you should be submissive. You look around you to see that on one
can overhear.

"I'm wearing a light, white silk blouse, a thin white cotton skirt, my
lacy white bra and bikini panties." you whisper.

"What color are the panties?" I ask.

"White." you answer. You can almost hear me smile at the other end of
the phone.

"Go to the washroom and remove your bra and panties. When you do up
your blouse, don't button it above the level of your nipples."

"But," you stammer, "My blouse is practically see through!"

"Good," I say, "then everyone should get a good look at your nipples."

I hang up and you nervously make your way to the washroom to follow my
instructions. Sure enough, when you look in the mirror, your dark brown
nipples are clearly visible through the blouse. You blush furiously as
you move quickly back to your desk hoping that on one will see you.

About ten minutes later I call, "Meet me downstairs in fifteen
minutes." You are relieved that you will be able to leave the office
and not expose yourself anymore but you are also apprehensive. I arrive
on time and as soon as you get in the car you raise your skirt to your
waist and spread your knees.

"Very good." I say. It is not a long drive but at one stoplight, you
look up to discover a truck driver looking down at your exposed body.
>From his vantage point, he can see right down to your spread legs and
shaved pussy. You look away knowing that you wouldn't be permitted to
cover yourself. The encounter leaves you flushed and excited. A few
minutes later we arrive at the entrance to a large city hospital. You
don't know what you'll be doing here but you're sure it will be
outrageous. I take you inside and put you in the charge of a nurse on
the second floor.

"Come with me." she says. She leads you down a corridor and into a
small room.

It is a shower room. You can see a young blonde who has just finished
her shower. As she turns toward you, you recognize the young girl you
helped initiate in the doctor's office! She recognizes you also but
neither of you say anything.

The nurse instructs you to shower and then takes the young blonde, now
covered in only a hospital gown, out of the room. By the time you have
finished, the nurse is back. After donning your own gown, you are led
out of the room and down another corridor. You go through a door and
into a large, well lit room. Here you see fifteen to twenty doctors in
a group. They are obviously receiving a lecture and instruction from an
older doctor. In the middle of the room are two examining tables side
by side. On one table, the blonde is already being used as a
demonstration. A chill runs down your spine all the way to you pussy!
You know now exactly what will be done to you.

The nurse brings you over to the group and removes your gown. You here
a whistle and you notice everyone looking at your shaved pussy. You try
to cover yourself with your hands but the nurse stops you and guides
you to the second table. Soon you are lying there completely exposed. A
doctor explains to the interns how to examine you and you feel the
awkward fumbling gloved fingers of the young intern pulling your pussy
lips apart. You lips are stretched wide apart to examine you and you
feel just like a little girl as you lie there passively. The intern
rubs his finger across your exposed clitoris and you cannot stifle a
moan of pleasure. A moment later, another intern, this one a young
girl, takes over and it is her who plays with your shaved pussy lips.
As one after the other of the young doctor's touch you, you get
steadily more excited and more wet.

The doctor now show the interns how to do an internal exam. Soon
strange fingers are sliding into your soaking pussy. You gasp and turn
your head to the side, embarrassed that they can all see the effect
this is having on you. You see the young blonde on the table next to
you. Her hips are slowly squirming on the examining table as a young
woman intern slides a lubricated finger into her bottom. You lock eyes
for a moment just as a warm finger penetrates your bottom to the hilt.
She smiles at you as you reflexively raise your hips from the table.
Through it all, they provide you no relief. You are kept from coming
again and again.

Finally, you and your companion are lifted from the table. The nurses
give your hospital gowns and you are again led back to the room where
you undressed. As soon as the door closes behind you, one of the nurses
holds the blonde's gown above her head. The other looks at you and
smiles.

"Lick her." she says.

You are so hot that you don't even hesitate. You bend to lick her
nipples that spring up at the touch of your tongue. You move your
tongue all across them. You bite down on her nipples gently at first
then harder. The blonde moans and wriggles in the arms of the nurse.
You drop to your knees and move your tongue into her light blonde fuzz.
She is soaking wet and you delight in the taste of her. It takes only a
moment and her whole body shakes as she comes.

The nurse now takes you and holds you helpless as the blonde drops to
her knees before you. The second nurse begins pinching your nipples as
you feel the hot, rasping tongue of the young blonde slave slide
between your smooth pussy lips.

You moan and quiver and a moment later have one of the strongest
orgasms you have ever experienced.

You are both allowed to dress and the nurse leads you to the exit. Your
knees are a little weak as you get back in the car. I smile at you as
you sit down and raise your skirt to show me your soaking pussy.

"You were a good girl today." I say, "Did you like the blonde?"

"Mmmm, yes," you say.

"Good. Next week you will be her mistress and she will be your slave.
What will you do with her?"

Your pussy tightens at the thought of having that gorgeous young slave
at your command. "I think I'll start by shaving her pussy." you say,
"Then I'll take her outside into the woods and make her do wicked
things." Your hands move to your pussy as you think of it and a moment
later you come in your second orgasm of the day.




7 At the Chalet

It is a warm sunny Saturday morning and you have just answered the
phone.

"Hello," I say "are you ready for an adventure?"

You smile at the thought of yet another outrageous adventure and you
say, "Yes!"

"Good," I whisper, "Do you remember the young blonde you initiated?
Well, if you come to my country house, you'll have her at your command.
I'll pick you up in ten minutes."

You feel your nipples harden at the thought of being the mistress of
this pretty blonde slave. Ten minutes later you are ready. You are
wearing a tight white blouse, a miniskirt and running shoes. As usual,
you are not wearing either a bra or panties. Your freshly shaved pussy
is already starting to get wet. As a final touch, you have inserted you
butt plug into your bottom. As you sit in the car, you feel the
lubricated plug push deeper into your rectum. Without asking, you
immediately pull your short skirt up to the level of your waist.

"I'm wearing my butt plug." you say.

I smile at the at the thought. It is a quick drive to the cottage which
is situated next to a lake in the middle of a beautiful wooded area. As
we pull into the driveway, I hand you the keys.

"She is waiting for you." I say, "I will be back later." I then push
two fingers deep into your wet pussy and after I take them out, I lick
them sensuously. You moan as your pussy is stretched by the fingers.

You get out of the car and enter the cottage. In the living room you
see her.

She is wearing a thin cotton skirt that goes to her knees and a light
blue cotton shirt that is unbuttoned almost to her waist. Her hands are
tied together and then to a rope which is looped over a beam in the
ceiling. She is stretched so that she must stay on tip-toe to remain
standing. Her feet are bare and you see her sneakers tossed in the
corner. She is also blindfolded.

You don't move for a moment knowing that she has heard you come in and
imagining her anticipation. You look at her carefully. You are sure
that her breasts and pussy are not covered by any underclothing and you
decide not to remove her blindfold just yet. You move right up in front
of her so you can feel her breath on your face. You reach up and touch
her full lips with your fingertips.

She gasps at this first touch. "Please," she whispers. You smile. It is
unclear whether she means please stop or please go on and you know that
either way is irrelevant.

You reach down and pull apart the sides of her blouse. Her breasts come
into view. They are large but firm and they are topped with magnificent
nipples. Your own nipples are large especially when they are hard like
they are now but hers are larger. The are long and thick and they stick
out to over a half-inch. They are surrounded by dark areola. She is
breathing a little heavier now anticipating her breasts being touched.

Instead, your hands move lower and unfasten her skirt letting it fall
in a heap around her ankles. You pull up a chair in front of her. "We
are going to have plenty of opportunity to find out about you." you
tell her, "First, we're going to find out what turns you on." The girl
shifts uneasily on her feet. She is still blindfolded. "Let's talk
about your breasts." you say, "Are they sensitive?"

Her voice quivers a little as she responds, "Yes."

"Tell me what you like to have done to them."

"I like it when they're squeezed very hard." she says, "And I like it
when the nipples are pulled."

"Very good," you say, "And how should the nipples be pulled?"

"Very hard." she admits, "I like it when they're pulled until it starts
to hurt. I also like those nipple clamp things that pinch them."

"Anything else?" You ask.

She hesitates for a moment and then says, "Well, my boyfriend slapped
my breasts lightly with a little leather strap once and I came right
away."

You smile at the thought. You stand up and grasp one of her long
nipples in each hand holding them tightly between forefinger and thumb.
You begin pulling them rhythmically steadily increasing the pressure on
each stroke. The young girl begins to moan as you pinch her nipples
hard and pull them and her breasts up.

You hold them there for one long moment and then let go. The nipples
are as hard as little pebbles and the blonde gasps as they are
released.

You reach down and pull gently at her pubic hair. "You will lose this
shortly." you say.

"Please don't!" she pleads.

"Why not?" you ask.

"I'd feel like a little girl." she whispers back. You remember what it
was like when your pubic hair was first removed and how mortified you
felt.

"Then you'll just have to feel like a little girl." you tell her. You
unfasten her hands from the beam and you lead her over to a table.
After removing her blouse so that she is completely naked, you have her
lie back on the table and you tie her so her hands are stretched above
her head and her knees are far apart. You see the light blonde hair
perfectly framing her pussy and you can see her crinkled anus fully
exposed.

You make a quick trip to the bathroom for supplies and you take the
opportunity to remove your own butt plug which had become a little
uncomfortable. You are sure that you can put it to better use.

During the next few minutes you shave the blonde's pubis completely.
You take your time and you do a thorough job, reaching down all the way
to catch the small hairs between her pussy and ass. The young girl
whimpers throughout the entire process.

When it is done, you take some baby oil and begin rubbing it into her
pussy. You oil every nook and cranny, paying particular attention to
her clitoris. Soon she is squirming in her bonds. You oil the inside
lips of her pussy pulling and stretching them wide apart to expose the
pink interior. She is, of course, helpless to stop you. You lay a hand
flat on her mound and you feel the heat rising from it. Then, oh so
slowly, you slide one hot, oiled finger into her pussy and into her ass
at the same time until both are embedded to their fullest. The girl
lets out an uncontrollable moan. She is close to coming but you don't
let her yet.

You reach up and undo her blindfold. "I want you to see this." you say.
You position a large mirror so that she can see her now naked pussy.
"You should get a good look." you tell her as you reach down. You grasp
the edges of her pink pussy lips with the tips of your fingers and you
pull them apart until they are stretched wide enough to be
uncomfortable.

She blushes as she looks at her own pussy now more exposed that it has
ever been before. You let go of her pussy and stand up. Her eyes follow
your every movement. You take your plastic butt plug in one hand and
begin coating it with lubricant. Her eyes open wide apart.

"Do you know what I'm going to do with this?" you ask her. She nods her
head.

"Say it." you say.

Her voice sounds just like a little girl as she says, "You're going to
push into my bottom until it hurts."

"No," you say, "It wont hurt at all." Very slowly, you begin to insert
the plug into her bottom. You watch her anus expand to accommodate it.
The blonde's hips are now moving reflexively up and down as her ass is
slowly filled up. Soon it is lodged in her to its fullest. You reach up
with one hand and pinch one of her nipples quite hard. With the other
hand you slowly move the hard intruder in and out of her tight behind.

It only takes a minute before she begins to come. Her short quick gasps
become cries of pleasure as her whole body tightens in the orgasm. You
keep stimulating her for a while longer as she peaks again and again.
Watching her come has excited you so much that you can't resist
touching yourself. It takes the briefest of strokes on your already
soaking pussy before you give a little cry and come too.

A few minutes later you pull the girl to her feet. You remove her butt
plug before you tie her hands behind her back and you attach a dog
collar to her neck. You take a long leash and with one end fastened to
the collar and the other end firmly in hand, lead the blonde outside.
She is still hot from her recent orgasm and she protest weakly as you
pull her out the door and onto a path into the woods. You walk slowly,
allowing her to pick her way carefully in her bare feet. You stop for a
moment and look back at her. She is blushing furiously and looking
around to see if there is anyone there. You walk on for a few more
minutes before you stop. You take her blindfold out of your bag and
cover her eyes with it.

Next you take your rope and use it to tie her. You have her lay on her
back on a wide patch of moss. You take her hands and tie them to a tree
so they're stretched out above her head. Her ankles and knees are tied
to two convenient trees on either side so that they are held wide apart
about a foot above the ground. You step back to observe your handiwork.
She is beautiful. The sun hits this patch of the forest just so. Her
pussy and ass are completely exposed to you. You look between her legs
and you see the sunlight glisten off the mixture of oil and her own
juices on her shaved pussy. Further down, the sun catches the sight of
the lubricant still evident around her crinkled rosebud. She is
breathing heavily. If anything, this has excited her beyond where she
was before. Being completely vulnerable here, in the open, has turned
her on.

"What are you going to do to me?" she asks in a hesitant, little girl
voice.

You say nothing. "Please don't leave me here. Please. Anyone might come
by. What if they saw me?"

You smile at the thought but still you say nothing. After a moment, you
move to the other side of the clearing. You reach down and pick a spray
of nettles. You move back over beside the helpless girl. Without
speaking you reach down and gently rub the frond of nettles across her
engorged nipples. She is startled at the touch. The scratchy nettles
begin to irritate the nipples almost immediately. You know from
experience how itchy they can be. You stand up and move down between
her legs. Bending down, you rub the irritating buds along the lips of
her slit. She moans as her hips begin squirming about.

For the final touch, you rub one frond gently across her exposed anus.
You press the prickly nettle gently, making sure that it will have its
effect. When you stand up, you see that the stimulation of the nettles
has already begun. She is moaning softly, pulling at the ropes which
bind her in an attempt to touch herself. Her pussy has begun
lubricating again, its juices trickling down between her buttocks. A
few minutes more, you think, and she will be willing to do anything.

As you start to walk away, the blonde cries out, "Where are you going?"
You don't reply. You take a leisurely stroll along the path wondering
what might happen if someone actually discovered her there. About ten
minutes later, you walk back into the clearing. She is moaning steadily
now. Her shaved pussy is soaking wet.

She hears your footsteps and blushes again. "Hello....hello?" she asks
tentatively. You pick up a thin flexible branch and sit down next to
her. With the branch firmly in hand, you gently slap both her breasts
with it. She lets out a little cry at the sensation. You don't slap her
hard enough to hurt her, just hard enough that the stimulation of her
over stimulated body in enhanced.

You slap her again, making sure that the tip of the branch touches the
nipple of one breast. You alternately slap one nipple then the other
until they are as hard and excited as they can be.

Then, you stand up and begin lightly slapping the sides of her pussy
with the branch. She is dripping wet now. The sensation of the branch
touching the sides of her pussy is almost more than she can bear. She
is very close to coming. You lay a few strokes on the sensitive inner
lips of her pussy and a couple directly onto her hard clitoris. She is
moaning and pulling on the ropes of her bonds trying to get free so she
can satisfy herself. You can't take any more yourself.

You drop the branch and your clothes on the ground. You place yourself
between her legs so that your left leg crosses under her right and your
right leg crosses over her left. You scoot down so that both of your
shaven, wet slits touch. The sensation is electric! Immediately you
both begin grinding your pussies together. The hot wet feeling of
another woman's slit touching yours is incredible. It takes only a
minute and you both cry out as your juices mix in an orgasm that takes
you both over the brink.




8 Kidnapped to the Islands

One day while waiting in the car, you see a large blue van pull
alongside. The driver looks down at you and smiles. You smile back but
all of a sudden, your car door is yanked open and two young black men
pull you out of the car. Before you can think to scream, you are
already in the back of the van. You are blindfolded and tied up.

The van drives for about a half-hour then stops. You are taken out of
the van and into a house. Your blindfold is removed and you are untied.
There are six or seven people in the room and one of them says, "We are
going to take some pictures of you now. If you don't cooperate fully,
you will be punished. Remove all of your clothes."

As your hands move to the buttons on your blouse, a camera begins to
take pictures. You are very nervous. The camera continues to flash as
you strip completely before these strangers. Close-ups are taken of
your breasts and their hard nipples. Also, of your shaved pussy. You
are put in a variety of positions each one more revealing than the
last. You are photographed with your pussy lips held wide apart to
expose the pink interior. In the next picture, a young girl holds your
buttocks apart to display your anus. You are photographed with a finger
held deep in your bottom and again with a vibrator held up your pussy.

You have your picture taken with your tongue sticking out to touch the
head of a cock and again touching a woman's nipple.

Finally, it is over. You find yourself wet with excitement as you are
taken, naked, back to the truck. You are still without any clothing as
you are led aboard a private jet at the airport and tied to the seat.
During the four-hour flight to your unknown destination, the other two
passengers, a man and a woman, take delight in teasing your helpless
body. They play with your nipples and pussy and you come again and
again as they touch you.

It is nighttime when you leave the plane on a warm Caribbean island.
You are driven several miles into the countryside before you reach your
final destination. It is a small village. You are brought into a small
hut where a huge black man says, "We know you. We know you are a sexual
slave. You have been brought here deliberately. Tonight you will play
part in a tremendous ritual."

You are very scared. What will they do to you, you wonder. Two women
enter the hut and begin oiling your naked body. The spend particular
attention on oiling your pussy. Their long slim fingers slide in and
around your shaved pussy lips and despite yourself, you begin to get
turned on. After several minutes they stop with you having almost come
a dozen times. They tie long ropes to your wrists and ankles.

Two more women enter and with one woman each holding one of the ropes,
you are led from the hut to the center of the village. The entire
village is there and they eye you appreciatively as your naked, oiled
body is pulled into the center of the crowd and displayed. In the
center of the village is a large stone altar and it is upon this that
you are forced to lie on your back. The four women hold the ropes
firmly so that your arms and legs are spread-eagled and your body is on
display.

A moment later, a young black man is brought, naked to the altar. You
look down and see the thickest, longest cock you have ever experienced.
You are sure it will end up in you. A moment later, your suspicions are
confirmed as the purple, oiled head of his cock begins to push against
your oiled pussy lips. They part willingly to accept it but it take
many strokes before he is completely imbedded in you. You are totally
filled up. Your vaginal walls are stretched to the limit. You abandon
yourself to the sensation of his massive organ sliding its full length
in and out of you. The crowd has begun cheering you on. You have never
been so turned on in your entire life. You both begin to climax at the
same time, screaming as your arms and legs kick in their bonds. You
experience the most profound physical sensation that you have ever had
and then pass out.

The next morning, you awake in one of the huts. You are on top of a bed
covered in silk sheets. You stretch out luxuriously. One of the men
comes into the hut, "We will be releasing you and returning you home
shortly." he says, "But before you go, there is something you must do.
You will initiate a young girl into the pleasures of this kind of sex.
You may do what you wish with her, but there are several things you
must do. First, you must shave her pussy so that it is like yours.
Second, you must give her a spanking that will turn her on and finally,
you must pierce her nipples and insert these gold rings." You own pussy
starts gushing at the thought of it.

"Also," he says, "you will initiate a young man into the joys of
submission."

The man leads you from the hut and into another. You are wearing a thin
cotton gown. You enter the hut alone and there, in the middle is a
doctor's examining table. The young girl, obviously nervous, is tied
down to it. You walk over and begin running your hands all over her
body. She shivers each time you touch her.

She is a black girl perhaps seventeen years old. She has a pretty
figure Her breasts are small but her nipples are very long. You begin
pulling on them.

"How hard do you like your nipples pulled?" you ask.

"Very hard." she whispers.

"Alright," you say as you begin squeezing her nipples hard. She starts
to moan and lifts her hips from the table. You move down between the
stirrups. Taking some oil on your fingers, you penetrate her in her
tight pussy and her tight bottom at once. After a couple of minutes of
this stimulation, she is gasping uncontrollably. You untie her legs and
turn her on her belly. You take a thin leather strap and lightly spank
her upturned bottom until it is warm to the touch. You turn her back
over and attach her feet again to the stirrups. Over her feeble
protests, you shave her entire pubic area. You take your time so as to
make no mistakes. When you have finished, you slowly rub oil into the
entire pubic area. You have to stop several times because she is so
close to coming and you don't want her to do that. You can't resist the
temptation to gently lick her from the small of her back in one long
lick up along her crack, across her anus, along and into her pussy and
ending at her clitoris. One more and she would come so you stop.

You stand up and look at her. Her hips are moving all around. She is
completely at your mercy. "You know I'm going to pierce your nipples."
you say.

"Yes," she whispers. You don't delay any longer. Taking a needle in one
hand and pulling her left nipple with the other, you quickly pierce it
horizontally. The girl let's out a little yelp but you can see it has
turned her on more. She has closed her eyes and is gasping deeply at
the sensation. Her pussy is just gushing out its juices. You quickly
pull a gold hoop through the nipple and then look at the other. The
right nipple has become rock hard in anticipation. As you pierce it,
you see her shudder as she begins a series of gut-wrenching orgasms.

Finally it is over and you leave the hut together.

You are brought now to another hut. There is a young boy here perhaps
seventeen or eighteen years old. He is naked with his hands tied above
his head to the ceiling. He is very embarrassed when you come in and he
hangs his head to avoid your eyes. You walk around him several times.
You touch his nipples, his tight little ass and you gently squeeze the
balls hanging under his erection. You pick up a little leather strap
and begin lightly strapping his hard cock with it. You only strike hard
enough to sting but upon each stroke his cock gets harder. You make him
promise to obey your every command and then you untie his hands from
the ceiling. You tie the leather strap around his cock and balls and
then you lead him by the strap to the center of the room.

You sit on a chair and have him kneel before you. Your poor body is so
turned on you are about to scream and having this young male slave
kneeling at your feet awaiting your next instruction is too much. You
lift your dress and grab him by the hair.

"Suck me!" you command. You pull his face into your wet pussy and he
immediately sticks out his tongue to please you. His technique is great
and it doesn't take long before you are coming, letting your juices run
into his mouth.

You now pull him across your knee and observe how embarrassed he is to
be put in such an undignified position. It doesn't get any easier for
him as you instruct him to spread his legs to provide you with easier
access to his cock and balls.

You fondle him, feeling the excitement of his hard-on and the weight of
his full balls. You begin spanking his bottom with your hand until his
bottom is pink and warm. He squirms around on your lap and you feel his
cock push against your leg.

You have him stand up and you tie him to the doctor's examining table
in the corner just like the girl was. He seems mortified to have his
feet put in the stirrups and to have his genitals and anus so fully
exposed. You are getting turned on again as you see how helpless he is.

You pick up a jar of Vaseline and begin lubricating your finger. His
eyes open wide at the sight. His anus is well exposed and you enjoy
watching him wriggle as your finger slowly slides its full length into
his bottom. You grasp his cock in one hand and you stroke it at the
same rhythm your finger is moving in and out of his ass. Soon the boy
is moaning uncontrollably. He is begging you to let him come but you
don't let him. You love being able to control his every sensation. You
take a vibrating butt plug and you slowly slide it into his well-
lubricated bottom. You squeeze his balls as you turn it on. This final
sensation is too much for him and he screams in pleasure as his come
begins to shoot into the air. It spurts in spasm after spasm as his
body shakes in the orgasm. You finally untie him and he goes to his
knees before you to beg to be your slave forever.

"No," you say, "you will belong to someone else." You both leave the
hut. A couple of hours later, as you are about to board the plane, the
young boy is brought forward on a leash. The leader hands the end of
the leash to you. "The boy is our present to you." he says. The boy
looks like he has arrived in heaven as you take him aboard the plane.
As the plane takes off, you look down at your new toy, kneeling
obediently at your feet. Your pussy begins to get wet at the thought of
what you will do to him and what you will have him do to you in the
days to come.




9 As an Observer

You are sitting at your desk working on a lazy Friday afternoon when
your phone rings, "Hi," you hear me say, "Are you ready for an
adventure?" Your heart skips a beat. Every 'adventure' that you have
been invited on has been an experience beyond the ordinary and you are
at once nervous and excited about what is about to happen.

"Yes," you say in your little-girl voice. You can almost hear me smile
at the other end of the phone. Prepare yourself and I'll pick you up at
your apartment at 7pm. I hang up the phone and you are left, wondering
at what you are preparing yourself for. You notice that you have become
almost instantly wet and you squirm at the sensation. The minutes
between the call and the end of the working day drag on for ages.

As soon as work is over, you rush home. As soon as you arrive, you draw
a hot bath and take off your clothes. You soak yourself luxuriously,
making sure to wash yourself everywhere. You are so aroused by now that
you are dying to masturbate but you know that it is strictly forbidden.
You resist the temptation to play with yourself as your washcloth
slides over your shaved pussy lips. You take a razor and carefully
remove any trace of stubble on your sensitive pussy.

It does not take too long and you are ready.

You open your closet and select a pretty white dress. You do not put on
either panties or bra as these garments are not permitted when you are
preparing yourself. You do your hair and makeup and then you look at
yourself in the mirror. The dress is not really see-through but it is
flimsy enough that your dark brown nipples are definitely visible
through the thin fabric. You are glad that your pussy is shaved as a
dark-haired pussy would also be instantly visible through the light sun
dress. You sit down on the corner of the bed and wait patiently. The
wait is not long before the doorbell rings.

You meet me downstairs and before entering the car you raise your skirt
to show that you are not wearing underwear. This simple act of
submission is scary. You are nervous that someone might see you
actually exposing yourself. You keep your skirt raised until I give you
permission to lower it. By the time you are sitting in the car, you are
flushed hot and wet. You are very curious about where we are going but
you know better than to ask. The drive is not particularly long and
when we arrive it is to the entrance to a huge home, a veritable
mansion.

We are greeted by a tall, dark butler who is very handsome. He leads us
up the stairs, along a corridor and into a darkened room. The door
shuts behind us, leaving just the two of us alone.

"Take off your dress." I say. You pull the dress over your head leaving
you naked. I guide you over to a leather chair that looks a little like
what you might expect at a hair-stylist. You sit in the chair and watch
as I pull stirrups out of the arms and fit your feet into them. Straps
attach your ankles to the metal stirrups and your feet are adjusted
wide apart. Your hands are tied together and attached behind the
headrest of the chair. Thin leather straps pull your knees even wider
apart thus completely exposing you. You are now completely helpless.

The chair is facing a curtained wall and you watch as I move over to
the side of the room and lower the lights. The curtain moves to the
side and you see that you are now looking at a large window into
another room. It is a study of sorts, the walls covered in books. The
decor is sparse but tasteful. Black leather chairs and sofas are off to
one side and a large forbidding desk is off to the other. A man and a
woman, both in their mid-30s, both extremely attractive are sitting on
two of the leather chairs in the room. You realize that what you must
be looking through is one-way glass. You are about to observe something
that the participants will not know you are watching! Your pussy starts
to get even wetter as your imagination begins to run wild. You do not
have long to wait.

The far door to the study opens and a young girl, perhaps 17 or 18
years old enters. She immediately presents herself in front of the
older couple. She is wearing a pretty little black and white maids
uniform on her petite body. She is blonde, with short curly hair and 
her legs seem very long in the short uniform skirt. The sound from the
room comes through a speaker in the wall.

"Denise you have been very displeasing." says the man.

"I am sorry, Sir." says the maid bowing her head. "I will try to do
better."

"No Denise, you are going to have to live with the consequences of your
behavior." says the older woman, "You are going to be punished for your
poor performance." Denise's eyes open wide.

"Oh please don't," she pleads, "Please....?" The pleading falls on deaf
ears, however. The older woman stands up and comes over to the maid.

"Turn around Denise." she says. The maid slowly, hesitantly turns to
face away from them. You imagine yourself in the room, what it would
feel like to be facing away from this couple, not able to see what they
will do to you next. The thought sends a shiver down your spine. The
older woman reaches down and grasps the hem of the maids uniform. With
one motion, she pulls it up over the head of the young girl and off of
her. She is left now, only in her panties and bra. The brassier is next
and the older woman quickly unhooks it and pulls it off. Now she grasps
the waistband of the white cotton panties which are the last defense of
the young maid. You can hear the teenager whimpering as the skimpy
garment is slowly, gently slid down her long tanned legs.

Now naked, Denise is instructed to clasp her hands on top of her head
and keep them there. The older couple leaves her there for a couple of
minutes letting the anticipation build. Yours is building also.

Now the man stands up and takes Denise's hands and ties them behind
her. Her right wrist is tied to her left elbow and her left wrist is
tied to her right elbow. It is a position you know well. It leaves your
breasts, pussy and ass completely exposed and helpless for whatever
your master or mistress wish to do to you.

Denise is now turned around and you see her front for the first time.
She is beautiful. Her breasts are firm and trim but topped with very
long brown nipples almost like your own. Her body is long and lean,
like a gymnasts and her pussy is also shaved completely bare. You watch
as the older woman approaches the maid holding a couple of nipple
clips. As they are attached you feel me reach around to attach two
clips to your own nipples. You and Denise moan with one voice as the
metal clips fasten onto your sensitive breasts.

Denise is now led over to a straight backed chair and the older woman
pulls her over her knee. You know that the young submissive is in for a
bare-bottomed spanking and you are very hot knowing that you will be
able to see it. The woman is not in a hurry to begin the punishment,
however. She orders the girl to spread her legs wide apart and you see
her begin to caress the teenager from behind.

You feel the chair beneath you begin to shift and you are startled by
the movement. The seat under you slowly spreads apart into two halves.
The now warm leather pulls your buttocks with it thus holding your anus
and pussy completely open. You feel something cool and hard touch your
ass and my hand moves beneath you to adjust it so it is touching the
center of your anus. The hard, lubricated dildo slides slowly but
relentlessly up into your bottom. You gasp at the sensation, you are,
of course, helpless to do anything about it as the unyielding intruder
slides further and further up into your body. You are breathing in
short ragged breaths and your whole body is trembling by the time the
anal dildo stops moving upward. You are fully impaled by it. Your ass
is stretched uncomfortably wide and you are filled totally.

You look ahead to see that Denise has suffered much the same fate. Her
bottom now has the end of a plastic butt plug sticking from it. Her
paddling is about to start and you watch as the leather covered paddle
descends on her helpless white buttocks. The sharp crack of it sounds
again and again as she is spanked.

The anal dildo in your rear now start to move slowly in and out in long
full strokes. You gasp at every insertion. Denise's bottom is red
before she is allowed to stand and as she does so you see me move to in
front of you again. I attach 2 clips to your pussy and you feel them
pulling your pussy open to expose the pink interior.

Denise is now being placed on her back on the large table in the room.
Her nipple clips are being played with by the older man as the woman
ties her with her knees wide apart. You feel a thick vibrator being
slid into your soaking pussy as Denise suffers the same fate. Your
moans and cries are almost identical to those coming from the other
room as Denise's vibrator fills her up and then turns on. The humming
in your own pussy is bringing you close to an orgasm and I quickly
reach down to shut it off.

"Not yet." I whisper. You squirm in frustration, pulling at your bonds
desperate to touch yourself. The dildo in your bottom continues to move
and you push yourself down on it trying to get it deeper into you.

The woman in the other room has now picked up a crop and is stroking
the young slave's inner thighs with it. "Please no... Please don't whip
my little pussy." pleads the petite maid. The older woman just smiles.
The first stroke of the crop on her pussy is quick and is quickly
followed by several more.

You watch as the crop strikes all over the sensitive flesh. You know
exactly how she is feeling and you moan again in frustration as you
feel your own juices trickling down your thighs. The crop is now aimed
at Denise's sensitive anus and you see it strike at and around the butt
plug there. Denise is straining at her bonds as the crop strikes. You
know that vibrator or not you are soon going to come and just then the
vibrator starts again. It moves swiftly in and out of you and you feel
your toes curl as your feet pull against the stirrups.

Denise cries out as her orgasm hits her. The sound of her cries sets
you off and you cry out yourself as wave after wave of orgasm wracks
your body. You pull at your bonds with the familiar feeling of
helplessness as your hands pull into little fists and you squirm back
and forth. You let yourself go totally into the orgasm, feeling your
stomach and thighs spasm again and again. Finally the vibrator is
removed and as though from far away, you feel the anal dildo slide out
and my fingers remove the nipple and pussy clips from you. You are
almost in a dream state as you feel me lean down until my lips are
touching your ear.

"Soon you will be punished together." You hear me say and you drift off
to sleep with a contented smile on your face knowing there is more to
come.




10 Sailing in the Caribbean

It is spring and it is vacation time. We have just arrived in the
Caribbean after a long flight. You are wearing a light cotton blouse
and skirt and sneakers. As usual, you wear neither bra nor panties.
Upon arrival, a small taxi takes us on a 10 minute journey to a small
harbour. We board a large Windjammer type sailboat and a couple of
minutes later, we are underway.

By evening, we are anchored near a deserted island far from
civilization. There are four couples aboard plus the captain and his
first mate who is a gorgeous blonde. During this first short sail from
the harbour to where you have anchored, you have seen the others on the
boat, but you have not had the chance to speak to them. That evening,
you are all sitting at the large dining table when the captain invites
you all to introduce yourselves.

The man to your left starts, "My wife here," he says, "is very
submissive. She was first initiated over a year ago. There are some
things she likes more than others. She loves being dominated by another
woman. She loves having her nipples punished with strong nipple clamps.
She loves having her bottom lubricated. She is embarrassed when she is
exhibited but she gets very hot very fast. She also gets hot when she's
spanked especially if it is done by another woman. I keep her pussy
shaved and I regularly have someone take pictures of her in bondage."

You are shocked. This was the last thing you expected. Throughout the
description, the pretty brunette has kept her head down submissively.
As she looks up, you see the blush of her embarrassment in being
described this way.

You realize that your own face is flushed and that soon I will describe
you. The men continue in turn describing their companions. I am last.

I describe your submissive behavior. You blush and hang your head as
the others hear of your past adventures and as I describe in intimate
detail what things have turned you on and which have turned you off.
Both the men and the women look at you appreciatively as your extra-
long nipples and shaved pussy lips are described. Your nipples get hard
despite yourself as you hear me describe them.

When all the women have been introduced in this way, the captain and
the man to your left rise from the table. They take the man's wife
between them and march her upstairs. We all follow. Her clothes are
quickly removed and her hands tied above her head. She must stand on
her toes to maintain her balance.

She, like all the women, is beautiful. She has large breasts and she is
shaved just as you are. The captain takes a leather strap and gently
straps the brunette's buttocks with it. When they have been 'warmed
up', she is untied. It is obvious to everyone that she has become
turned on by her situation. You imagine the sensation of being tied up
in that position, on display for all of these strangers and then having
your buttocks spanked just like a little girl.

You begin to get wet imagining it and your mind starts to wonder what
they will eventually do with you.

The man looks at the brunette and says, "Assume the position!" She
immediately lies on her back with her hands holding her knees up and
wide apart. You all get a good look at her shaven slit.

A small dab of honey is put on each nipple and another on the tip of
her protruding clitoris. A dog is led on deck by the first mate and he
begins to lick at her nipples with his long rasping tongue. A shiver
runs up your spine.

Surely they are not going to force this sex slave to have sex with this
dog! At the same time you feel this revulsion, you are strangely
fascinated by the sight of the dog licking the submissive girl whose
face is now beet red at her humiliation. Everyone's eyes are riveted to
the scene. The dog now moves lower and begins licking the woman's
pussy. She has begun lubricating and the dog seems quite horny as his
tongue takes long slurping licks from the small of the brunette's back
up to her belly. His red pointy dick is sticking out. The dog is
assisted in entering her. You see the huge knot of the dog's penis
pushing into her wet, open pussy faster and faster. Both the woman and
the dog are panting hard now and you notice that despite your racing
heartbeat, you are holding your breath. The girl looks right at you and
catches your eye. She looks at you for a moment and then closes her
eyes, surrendering totally to the sensation. The girl begins coming in
loud gasping moans and her entire body shakes as she is consumed by the
orgasm.

You are all soon sitting back below decks at the table and as you look
around, you see that everyone has been turned on by the experience. A
young girl with short hair is next. She is put on her back in the
middle of the table. You notice that her pussy has also been shaved.
Nipple clamps are attached to her breasts as her hands and feet are
tied to the four corners of the table. The captain reaches into a large
bag and pulls out a vibrator. One of the girls is instructed to begin
exciting the bound slave with it. She begins running the tip of the
vibrator along the girl's inner thighs and around the edges of her
pussy.

The bound girl begins to get wet right away. The vibrator continues to
move all across her body. At one point, it touches the nipple clamps
and the girl lets out an uncontrollable moan as the vibrating sensation
affects her nipples.

The captain takes out a thin leather strap and hands it to you. You are
told to strike her pussy with it. You start by lightly hitting the
large puffy lips of her pussy. Gradually though, you aim your strokes
closer to the center. You begin to get wet yourself as you watch how
turned on the girl is. Her nipple clamps are removed and you and the
girl with the vibrator are put to work licking her breasts. One of the
men moves between her legs and enters her quickly. She cries out and
her hips rise to meet his thrusts. The action continues for some time.
Whenever she is close to coming, the three of you stop for a moment.
Finally you let her come. Her passion overboils and she screams in
pleasure. Her body continues to twitch as the little after-shocks keep
her orgasm at a peak for a couple of minutes.

There is a break now as everyone gets a drink. Two of the women are now
completely naked. You and a young redhead know that your turn is
coming. The captain and his mate use this break to set up video camera
equipment. You remember that the redhead was introduced as being very
shy and private. You look over to her and see her eyeing the video
equipment apprehensively. A few minutes later she is standing in front
of the camera with her hands tied behind her. One of the men begins by
feeling her breasts through her blouse. She looks down submissively and
blushes. She is from Alabama and her whole attitude is that of a
Southern Belle who is doing something naughty.

The man touching her reaches down and opens her blouse to expose her
breasts to the camera. Her breasts are firm and well formed and her
hard pink nipples stick straight out from them. One of the girls is
instructed to apply make-up to the breasts while one of the men holds
her tightly. She moans softly as dark rouge highlights her nipples and
the surrounding areola. The camera moves in closer to capture the
screen. The girl tries squirming out of view of the camera and the men
finally tie her hands above her head and her feet about two feet apart.
One of the girls now stands behind the redhead and loosens her skirt.
It falls to the floor revealing magnificent legs and a naturally red
bush. The girl turns beet red and her blush extends down to her chest.
One of the men stands up and pulls gently on the pubic hair.

"Do you like this hair?" he asks.

"Yes." she whispers.

"Before we turn off the camera," he tells her, "you will have nothing
down here but your long pussy lips. We are going to film you losing the
last defense to your modesty." The girl closes her eyes as the thought
of it hits her. She looks incredibly turned on. A blindfold is fastened
over her eyes and you know from experience that the sensations your
body feels when you cannot see are heightened immensely. One of the
girls kneels down in front of her and immediately begins trimming her
bush. Behind the bound redhead, the other girl brings a lubricated
finger to the girl's bottom. She gasps as the long, warm finger works
its way up her rear passage and begins sliding back and forth. Over the
next couple of minutes, the girls stop a couple of times to keep the 
redhead from coming. As soon as she calms down, they start again until,
finally, she is so turned on that all she can think about is the
release of an orgasm. Her pussy has been shaved completely and you can
see the unusually long inner lips opening up like the petals of a
flower. She is so wet, that her juices are running down the inside of
her leg.

I look at you and say, "Lick her until she comes."

You kneel between her spread legs and touch her mound. It is hot. You
grasp the long inner lips with your fingernails and firmly spread them
apart until she is completely exposed to you. One of the men removes
her blindfold and tells the gasping girl to look into the camera. She
wantonly does so. You let the tip of your tongue touch her lightly on
the inside of her lips. You can see her hard clitoris sticking out and
just begging to be licked but you don't yet. You lick her slowly from
the bottom of her pussy to almost the top. You feel the girl's tummy
tighten at the feelings you are causing her body. Finally you give her
relief. You pull her clitoris in between your lips and slide your
tongue back and forth across it. The girl cries out at the exquisite
sensation as she begins a long series of orgasms.

You are the only girl still dressed and as expected, they now turn
their attention to you. You feel your stomach tighten in apprehension
as the men take you and hold you between them. Two of the other girls
quickly remove your clothes. You are led to the table and tied to it in
the most exposing manner possible. The men and women begin touching
your body, examining your shaved pussy and pulling your long nipples.
You are already so turned on that you start to drip your juices from
your pussy almost immediately.

One of the men takes little clamps not unlike nipple clamps and fastens
them to your sensitive inner pussy lips. Cords are attached to them and
you feel your pussy pulled wide apart as the cords are attached to
either side of you. Your pussy is now totally exposed and you close
your eyes and enjoy for a moment the feeling of having your tiny pink
lips pulled tightly away from your pussy. A long warm finger is slowly
sliding in and out of your bottom and your hips begin to move of their
own accord in rhythm with the movement.

You feel a blindfold being fitted over your eyes and a moment later,
the sharp feeling of an ice cube touching one nipple. You jump at the
sensation. Its cold touch is only momentary and as soon as it is
removed, it is replace by a warm tongue that delicately darts out to
touch the tip of your nipple. It plays back and forth and then around
the hard nubbin. Then, the ice cube again followed by the hot mouth of
your tormentor.

The other nipple now begins to get the same treatment simultaneously,
the hot and the cold alternating the sensations that seem to travel
directly to your pussy. The two mouths working on your nipples are
taking all of your attention but now, a third person begins the same
technique on the back of your left knee.

First the ice cold sensation of the ice cube then the sensuous touch of
a hot tongue. It is only a moment before your right leg begins getting
the same treatment, first on the back of your knee and then the
sensitive inside of your spread apart thighs. The four ice cubes and
mouths are driving you crazy and now they are assisted by a fifth who
starts by letting drops from their ice cube onto your tummy and letting
them run down between your legs. The ice cold water, a drip at a time,
rolls down across your bound pussy lips and between your buttocks,
running across your exposed anus before dripping onto the table. Your
body is now quivering at every sensation and you pull at your bonds,
desperately trying to touch your overexcited body. The drips between
your legs are now enhanced by a roving tongue and you let out a load
moan despite yourself.

The maddening tongue follows the trail of water from the small of your
back up.

It pauses briefly at your ass, and quickly darts inside, licking your
sensitive asshole. It then continues its travel upward. It explores the
tight lips of your pussy, still held wide apart by the clamps. The
feeling of the hot tongue moving around your hot pussy has overshadowed
all the other feelings still happening on other parts of your body.
Your hips move up, trying to get the tongue to touch your clitoris,
seeking relief. The tongue moves slowly, exploring every nook and
cranny. Finally, it begins circling your clitoris, making the circles
come closer and closer. You feel the intense cold drip of the ice cube
directly on your clitoris and you cry out at the unexpected sensation.
The hot mouth immediately covers your clitoris and pulls it between its
lips. Your body is shaking uncontrollably now and simultaneously, two
mouths bite your nipples and the hot tongue between your legs, runs
back and forth across your exposed clitoris.

Your mind goes blank and you feel kind of removed from yourself as you
begin to come in wave after wave. When you have calmed down, you are
untied and you sink to the floor, exhausted. Your body is covered with
a sheen of sweat but what is most remarkable is the warm afterglow,
sensation you feel through your entire body.

Everyone else has also laid back to take a breather and have a drink.

"You will be going to bed soon." says the captain, "but this is what
the rest of the trip will be like. You are at our disposal for whatever
we say. During this trip, you will discover depths of your sexuality
that you never dreamed you had."

You lie back against me with your eyes closed. Your body, tired as it
is, still tingles at the thought of the wild days to come as you drift
off to sleep.




11 The Special School

It is late spring and we are sitting down in the garden having
breakfast. You are wearing your white satin silk pyjama bottoms and
top. I put down my newspaper and look at you.

"Are you interested in spending your entire summer in an adventure?" I
ask.

Your heart skips a beat as you digest this tidbit of breakfast
conversation.

"What kind of adventure?" you ask.

"About an hour's drive north of here," I say, "is a very special
school. People like the people you've met send their daughters, sons,
wives and so on to this school for a particular kind of instruction.
The kids are between 16 and 25 years old and are to be trained in
bondage and discipline, in experiencing this type of sex and in being
both obedient and more sexually expressive. You could be put in charge
of that school. You would have several instructors working for you and
you would probably have between twelve and twenty students. Sometimes
wives or sex-slaves are sent there for a few days of discipline or
training and you would also be in charge of their treatment."

Your entire body is flushed at the thought. You pussy has gotten
uncomfortably warm and you are literally dripping with excitement. You
shift your body on the chair and feel the smooth satin glide across
your clitoris.

You lick your lips and moan softly, "Mmmmm."

"Well?" I ask, "Are you interested?"

"Yes!" you reply.

Your mind is a jumble of thoughts as your fantasies suddenly go into
overdrive.

You barely hear me say, "Great! We'll go up there on Monday and I'll
come to visit every week."

On Monday morning you and I take a leisurely drive to the school. It is
in a beautiful secluded area north of the city. The 'school', consists
of one large building and several smaller buildings nestled into the
woods. We enter the larger building and it is not long before you have
had the tour and met everyone. There are no students yet arrived so you
and the staff meet and discuss the routine. The 'instructors' are three
women and one man. They are all attractive and all about your age. They
will provide lessons in dressing, make-up, plenty of exercise and when
you say, specialized instruction of another kind.

The facilities are extensive and include swimming in the small lake,
volleyball and horseback riding. By lunchtime, you are feeling quite
settled and I return to the city to work. You all enjoy a delicious
meal and then you sit down in your office ready for your first
interview with the first new student. Your calendar says that there is
a total of fifteen students expected for the summer who will be
arriving over the next few days. You will get to interview each one.

The first is a young girl name Melanie. Melanie's file contains a
picture of the seventeen year old girl showing her to be extremely
pretty. Her file says she is being brought by her guardian who wants
her to be more obedient and sexually aware by the end of the summer.
She is described as shy and quiet although the file states that she has
already lost her virginity to her first boyfriend who immediately
dropped her. No pictures have been taken of her in the nude and her
guardian requests for some if possible. You begin to get excited just
thinking about it. Your hand slides down into your panties and you
begin caressing your clitoris.

You are so into it that the knock on the door has you jump. Melanie's
guardian is announced and a moment later he enters your office. He is a
tall, dark-haired man who is very self-assured. You are immediately
attracted to him. You both sit down and you ask him to describe what he
would like done to Melanie.

"Well..." he says, "she is a pretty girl but she is basically very shy.
She has had one relationship with this jerk who screwed her and then
left her hanging and she has been quiet ever since. I can see that it
would be easy for her to hide inside of herself and to never experience
sex again. I figure that a summer here will handle that forever. I told
very little about what to expect. She knows that she basically must
obey everything that is told to her or to expect the consequences. I
have disciplined her myself with a bare-bottomed spanking from time to
time and I've made her stand in a corner showing her bottom for awhile
but what I'd like is to have her be more exhibitionistic and more aware
of her body by the end of the summer."

You smile as your pussy tingles at the thought.

"Let's have her come in then." you say.

Melanie is led into the office and stands on the carpet in front of
your desk.

"Hello Melanie." you say, "I am in charge of this school and of your
instruction this summer. Do you know why you are here?"

The girl blushes and hangs her head. You are unable to hear her mumble.

"Speak up Melanie!" you say "Yes," she replies.

"Tell me then." you say "I'm too shy about my body and about...sex" she
says.

"Very well," you tell her, "before we can continue, you must be
examined. Please remove all of your clothing."

Her head shoots up to look at you, not believing what she has just
heard and a deep blush hits her face.

"Immediately!" you say.

Her hands are trembling as they reach for the buttons on her blouse.
One by one, the buttons are undone and the blouse is finally removed to
reveal a white lacy bra holding well developed breasts. She fumbles
several times before she is able to undo the zipper to her skirt but
finally it too falls to the floor. Clad now only in her flimsy white
undergarments, she looks pleadingly at you hoping that she can stay as
she is.

"Please remove ALL of your clothing." she is told.

Her eyes close as she reaches behind her to unfasten her bra. She is
trembling and it takes her a couple of tries to finally undo the hooks.
Her breasts are beautiful. She has a distinct tan line showing the line
of the one piece bathing suit she has worn in the past and her breasts
are sharply white against the light tan of her body. They are full and
round and frankly don't need the support of the brassiere. The pink,
virginal nipples are already hard and sticking out from her body. 'They
have never felt nipple clips.', you think to yourself as you imagine
her tender nipples pinched by the metallic clamps.

She hesitates for a moment with her thumbs in the waistband of her
panties and then, as though coming to a decision, she quickly pulls
them down her long, legs and off. She stands up and hides her curly
brown pussy hair with her hands as she faces you.

"Thank you." you say, "Now please clasp your hands behind your head."

She blushes again as she obeys your command. She is deliberately
avoiding looking at her guardian who has been looking on with great
interest. You have her stand like that for a moment watching her blush
travel down to the level of her breasts as she waits, quivering, for
whatever comes next. You now turn to her guardian, "We shall continue
from here and I am sure you will be satisfied." you tell him.

"Yes," he says, "Thank you."

He kisses the embarrassed girl on the cheek and leaves. You have the
girl put her hands back down. You open your desk drawer and take out
two wrist restraints. In a few short moments, Melanie has her hands
fastened behind her back so that she is exposed and helpless. You take
a small jar of ointment and you put a dab on each hard nipple. She
jumps at the touch. Within a minute, the ointment has begun to get her
nipples hot and she is beginning to squirm.

"During your time here," you say, "you will become very aware of your
body. This is your first lesson in that."

You watch her squirm for a moment longer then you cross the room to sit
in a straight-backed chair.

"Come here." you say.

Melanie follows and stands in front of you. You can see that the
ointment is causing all of her attention to be focused on her nipples.
You pull her across your knee and give her bottom a light spanking.
When her pale buttocks are a light pink, you order her to open her legs
wide apart. She hesitates a moment and then obeys. You apply a tiny dab
of the ointment to her exposed anus and hear her gasp at the sensation.
Another dab is applied to her clitoris which is now soaking in her own
juices. You stand her up and have her stand with her back against the
wall. She is both squirming and moaning now as the various sensations
in her body turn her on. You take out a camera and begin to take
pictures. She is so aroused that she obediently poses in every wanton
position you demand of her.

Finally, she begs you to let her come. You unfasten her hands and you
give her a plastic dildo. She doesn't hesitate but immediately slides
the thick artificial cock into her. It takes only a moment before the
dildo is gliding in and out of her pussy in long, full, slippery
strokes. You continue to take pictures of her face as it contorts in
the ecstasy of her first real orgasm. You immediately re-attach her
wrists behind her back and remove the dildo. She leans against the
wall, exhausted. You call for one of your assistants who comes in and
leads the naked girl out of your office and up to her room. You are so
turned on that you can't stand it. You take the dildo, still wet and
slippery with Melanie's juices and you slide it into your own soaking
pussy. A couple of thrusts and it is imbedded to its fullest. You sit
back down in your chair and you fell the dildo filling you up. Your
whole body tightens and shudders as you surrender to your first mind-
blowing orgasm of the day.




12 The Diary

It is now two weeks since you took over as headmistress of the special
school for discipline and training north of the city. You now have
fifteen students.

Twelve of them are girls and the other three are boys. The ages range
from sixteen to twenty-four. The past two weeks have been a delightful
discovery of dominating these sex slaves. Literally all of them are in
your command and each day has brought you a new adventure as you bring
them deeper and deeper into the world of B&D sex.

You have had more orgasms than you can count and your body seems to be
in a perpetual state of excitement. Today you are wandering through the
girl's rooms while they are off horseback riding. They will be taking a
trek through the woods to a secluded lake where they will spend the
rest of the afternoon skinny-dipping. You have the place to yourself.

As you walk through Lillian's room, your eye catches sight of a book
tucked under her pillow. Lillian is your newest arrival. She is
seventeen years old and is the horniest seventeen-year-old you have
ever met. She is tall and blond with long, long legs. Her figure is
almost boyish with small hips and small breasts topped with very long
nipples. You remember her being particularly turned on by her ass when
you 'interviewed' her. You pull out the book and discover it to be a
diary. You flip idly through the pages stopping here and there to read
an entry about the growing pains of a sexually active adolescent. The
entries stretch back several years. One entry catches your eye. It is
much longer than the others and goes on for several pages. The date on
the entry shows it to be a couple of years old when Lil was just
fifteen. You sit on the edge of the bed and begin to read.

Dear Diary,

Yesterday I experienced something that is both troubling and exciting.
First of all, I think I had my FIRST orgasm! But, the circumstances are
pretty strange. Lucy and I spent the day at her place. Mom let me stay
over there and I stayed overnight. We spent the whole day together. We
were doing all kinds of stuff like playing records and trying makeup.

Lucy is definitely my best friend! Anyway, in the afternoon, we were
hungry but Lucy's mom doesn't let her eat between meals so we snuck
down to the kitchen to eat. We grabbed a bunch of cookies and crackers
and cheese and ran back up to her bedroom where we pigged out. I guess
we ate too much, because a half-hour later we were stuffed. We tried on
makeup and we spent the afternoon trying on clothes. Lucy sure is
pretty and she has some really neat clothes. I peeked at her when she
was trying on this dress and her boobs are really big. They're much
bigger than mine are, but I think my nipples are nicer.

Anyway, before we knew it, Lucy's mom called us down to supper. We went
down but we weren't hungry 'cause of all the junk we ate and we just
picked at our food.

Lucy's mom asked if we were OK and we said yes but my stomach was a
little upset from all the stuff we ate earlier. Lucy's mom kept telling
us to eat our food and Lucy finally said she wasn't hungry.

"Did you eat before supper?" she asked. She sounded kind of mad.

"Yes Mom," said Lucy in a small voice.

"What did you eat." said Lucy's mom.

We told her what we ate and then I said that I didn't feel too good
because I guess I ate too much. Lucy said the same.

"Come with me." said Lucy's mom and we followed her upstairs to their
bathroom.

Lucy looked kind of scared but I didn't know what was going to happen.
The three of us went into the bathroom and Lucy's mom took something
out of the cupboard. It looked like a nozzle with a big red rubber bulb
at the end and I didn't know what it was for.

"You girls have been naughty." said Lucy's mom, "First we're going to
clean you out and then you'll both be punished."

I got a little scared then because she looked real serious. She filled
a basin with warm water and then she sat down on a little chair.

"You first Lucy." she said, "Off with those clothes."

Lucy's was looking at the floor but she didn't hesitate. I guess we
would have gotten punished worse if we had made her say it twice. Lucy
took off EVERYTHING. She was completely naked. I had never seen her
with no clothes on and she was really pretty.

Anyway, as soon as she was completely naked, she went over to her mom
and stood in front of her. She was so scared or embarrassed that she
was trembling. To tell the truth, I was trembling myself. I didn't know
what would happen next.

Lucy bent over her mom's knee so she was facing away from me. I looked
down and Lucy spread her leg's wide apart! I couldn't believe it. I
could see everything! She had a white bottom and I could see that she
had more pubic hair than I did. Lucy's mom took some Vaseline on her
finger and stuck her finger way up into Lucy's bottom. Lucy didn't say
anything, but I bet she was embarrassed. She went to close her legs but
her mom told her to keep them open. Lucy's mom kept sliding her finger
in and out until it was slippery then she took the nozzle thing and put
it in the basin of water.

I figured Lucy would get an enema and I was right.

Lucy's mom slid the nozzle into her bottom real slow and I saw Lucy's
toes curl as it went all the way in.

Then her mom squeezed the red bulb and the water went into her and she
let out a little moan. Lucy's mom took the nozzle out and filled it and
emptied it into Lucy's bottom two more times. Then she let Lucy go to
the toilet. When Lucy was finished, her mom took her out of the room
still completely naked and then she came back in.

"You're next." she said, "take off all of your clothes."

I was really nervous. I never had to take my clothes off in front of a
stranger before and I didn't know what to do. I guess I was more scared
of what would happen if I didn't do what she said so I started to take
off my blouse and then my jeans. When I got down to my bra and panties,
I hesitated again but then I just took them off real quick so I was
completely naked. I covered up my breasts and my pussy with my hands
because I was so embarrassed.

"Come over here." she said and I walked over to in front of her. "Put
down your hands!"

I turned beet red as I lowered my hands. My nipples had gotten really
hard and when they do that they stick right out and I was mortified
that someone would see them. I know that I have hardly any pussy hair
like Lucy and I was humiliated that Lucy's mom could see everything. I
stood there for a minute with my hands at my sides while she was
filling the red enema syringe.

Watching Lucy had made me excited and my pussy was hot and I think it
was wet! I was scared that Lucy's mom would find out! A moment later, I
was draped over her lap just like a little girl who gets a spanking.
She told me to spread my legs wide apart and I did. Her finger was cold
with the Vaseline when she touched my bottom but it didn't hurt when
she started to lubricate me. She slid her finger in and out a few times
until I was slippery and then she pushed the enema syringe into me.
When she squeezed the bulb, I felt the water filling me up. It wasn't
uncomfortable like I thought it would be. I just felt kind of full. She
gave me three full bulbs just like Lucy before I could go to the
toilet. When it was finished, my stomach felt a lot better but I was
scared about the punishment we were going to get. Lucy's mom took me by
the hand and brought me down to the living room still completely naked!
Luckily no one else was there but Lucy. Lucy was standing facing a
corner with no clothes on just like me. I was brought to another corner
and made to stand facing it.

"Come here Lucy." I heard.

I peeked over my shoulder and saw Lucy bent over her mother's lap again
and a moment later, her mom gave her a bare-bottomed spanking just like
a little girl. I was breathing hard. I knew that I was going to get a
spanking just like that in a minute and I was ashamed.

The spanking didn't last long and when Lucy's mom told me to come over,
I saw Lucy was back in her corner with her bottom red.

I bent over her knee real quick so she wouldn't look at me like before
and I felt one hand hold me tight at the small of my back as the other
hand spanked my bare buttocks. It didn't last any longer than Lucy's
but I was sure embarrassed. I had to go back into my corner with my
stinging bottom afterwards.

"You'll wait just like that until your father comes home," said Lucy's
mom. "He'll finish your punishment."

I couldn't believe it! My face turned beet red. I bet it was redder
than my bottom! It was bad enough getting spanked but to have Lucy's
dad see me naked, was terrifying! We didn't have long to wait before we
heard his car pull into the driveway. I looked over at Lucy and she was
still facing her corner just like me.

Her bottom was still pink from the spanking. My bottom didn't hurt any
more but it was still warm. I heard Lucy's mom meet her husband at the
door and explain to him what had happened. He came into the living room
a minute later.

"Well, it seems you've both been bad girls." he said.

I was trembling, I was so nervous.

"Upstairs to Lucy's room, you two."

We scampered upstairs to her room and I waited with my hands covering
myself as best I could. Her father was right behind us. He looked right
at me first.

"Put your hands on your head." he said.

I was mortified but I did what he asked. I didn't know why but my pussy
was as hot as my bottom and it was really wet. I guess I got turned on
by being punished like that. He sat down in front of me and pulled Lucy
over his lap. They were both looking at me, especially at my naked
pussy without any hair and my really long nipples. Lucy got another
spanking that was harder than the first and then we changed places.
Lucy had to stand there with her hands over her head and showing her
naked body while I got my bottom tanned. I suppose that Lucy's folks
figured that the humiliation was part of the punishment but it turned
me on. We were told to go to bed early after that and a little while
later, we were lying in bed talking about it. I was excited but I was
embarrassed to tell Lucy. She talked about it first.

"Did you get turned on?" she said.

I looked at her and nodded.

"Me too."

I had been so hot all afternoon and I was still excited now. I put my
hand under my nightgown and started to rub myself.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

I blushed again for about the hundredth time that day.

She pulled down the covers to see what I was doing.

"Can I touch you?" she said.

I didn't say anything but she pulled my hands away and pulled my
nightgown up to my neck. She gently pulled my knees wide apart and then
started to stroke my pussy. I closed my eyes and just let her do
whatever she wanted to me. I was feeling excited and my hips were
starting to press up when I felt this amazing sensation. I looked down
and Lucy had her head between my legs and was sticking her tongue into
me! I just laid back and I a second later I felt like an explosion went
off inside of me. I was jerking around on the bed and panting and
moaning as Lucy licked me.

When it was all over, I reached over and touched her.

Her pussy was a lot hairier than mine and she was really wet. I stuck
my finger into her pussy and she started grinding her pussy into my
hand. I kept sticking one finger into her and with the other hand, I
started rubbing where her little button was. Soon she was moaning and
panting and then she had an orgasm too.

It was the best. We just lay there after that and went to sleep in each
other's arms totally exhausted.

You close the diary and put it back under the pillow. You are
incredibly turned on. Your hand has been playing in your panties for
the last couple of minutes as you have been reading this erotic tale.
You slide one finger and then two into your soaking pussy. Your hand
rubs faster and faster as you plan to re-enact Lillian and Lucy's
ordeal later tonight. 'What will she look like with an enema nozzle
lodged in her pretty behind?', you wonder as you bring yourself to a
mind-shattering orgasm.




13 The Two Girls

It is a warm, sunny Tuesday and you have just woken up. You stretch
languorously in your satin sheets and run your hands up your body
thinking how great it is to be alive. Your hands touch your thighs,
your pussy, and your tummy. They pause briefly at your nipples,
tweaking them and pulling them up from your body. They awaken at the
touch and you feel a familiar shiver run down through your stomach to
your pussy. You let out a sensual moan and think about what new
adventure awaits you today.

You are the headmistress of a very special school for the training of
sexual slaves and submissives. Each day holds some new adventure. Today
is Tuesday, you think. Oh, yes. Today you have scheduled the initiation
of two young girls into the delights of lesbian bondage and discipline.
Neither of them is expecting this although you have had the pleasure of
seeing them individually both naked and helpless as you subjected them
to restraint and orgasm after orgasm while feeling either humiliation
or helplessness. They have never had the opportunity of tying up
another person and bringing them to orgasm despite themselves.

Today, they will find out.

The thought galvanizes you into action. You get out of bed and in very
short order you have showered and dressed and are on your way down for
breakfast. In the dining room, one of the students has the duty of the
day to serve you breakfast. Her name is Talia and she is a beautiful
sixteen year old. She was delivered to you three days ago by her mother
who has left instructions that she is to be trained in exhibiting
herself until she is comfortable with her body.

As she approaches you with your morning coffee you say, "Good Morning,
Talia."

"Good Morning Miss." she says.

She is wearing a pretty summer dress that comes down to just above her
knees and is backless.

"Please raise your dress Talia," you ask, "so that I can be sure that
you are wearing no underpanties."

Talia's pretty teenage face turns a brilliant shade of red as she hears
this request. She is obviously embarrassed however she hesitantly
reaches down and grasps the hem of her dress. With her hands slightly
trembling, she slowly raises it to the level of her waist while you
watch. Her pussy is clean-shaven as it has been since the day of her
arrival. Its puffy lips protrude slightly as though she is excited.

"Did you masturbate last night?" you ask.

Her blush is renewed and travels a little further down her chest. She
nods her head at your question.

"Very good." you say, "Tonight you'll get to do it again with a number
of the girls watching."

Her head shoots up in horror. She cannot imagine a situation more
terrifying.

You just smile at her reaction and ask for the rest of your breakfast.
A half-hour later you are sitting at your desk in your large, well
furnished office. The two girls you are expecting will arrive any
minute and you take a moment to review their files.

Sarah is an eighteen year old sex-kitten. She has long blond hair and
took to the routine in the school right away. She has an athlete's
body. Her breasts are small and firm and are topped with tiny pink
nipples that are very sensitive.

Her shaved pussy show a short slit with long pink lips. Her buttocks
are tight and her legs long. She is 5'11" tall. She is not, however,
particularly embarrassed about her body but she is shy when it comes to
taking control.

Karen, on the other hand is quite different. She is more likely to want
to be in control of her situation. You remember how scared she was when
you tied her spread-eagled and used a vibrator on the tips of her
breasts and the tip of her clitoris. She is a brunette with an
hourglass figure. Her breasts are large and her nipples long. Her
pussy, when shaved, reveals long, long, inner pussy lips and her ass is
the most sensitive of any of your pupils.

You decide to have Sarah in first. You call for her and a moment later
she is standing in front of you, nervously wondering what might be
expected of her today. You discuss the upcoming events with complete
candor.

"Today Sarah," you say, "you will get the opportunity to dominate
another pupil here. You will not be the subject of this domination or
discipline but will, instead, be the originator of it. In a couple of
minutes, I will have Karen come in here. Karen will be instructed to
follow all of your commands. Your job will be to eventually bring her
to orgasm while she is bound and helpless before you.

You will have plenty of opportunity to make long buildup for her so
that when she comes it will be the most incredible experience of her
life. Does this excite you?"

It is obvious that it does. Since you have begun speaking, Sarah has
started to breath heavily and her face is flushed.

She nods her head as she says, "Yes, but I'm a little nervous. I've
never made love to another woman before."

"You will learn." you say.

You go over the various things that Sarah will subject Karen to and
then you both sit down to await her. Karen arrives a couple of minutes
later. She is wearing a summer skirt and blouse combination. She stands
before your desk as you tell her what is expected of her.

"You will follow the instructions of Sarah today." you say, "If you do
not obey her completely, I will make sure that you are punished
severely."

Karen blushes as she looks at both Sarah and yourself. It is one thing
to be dominated by you but to be exposed in front of another student is
humiliating.

Sarah stands up immediately and looks right at Karen.

"Take off all of your clothes right now!" she says.

Karen hesitates and then begins. Her shaking fingers fumble at the
buttons on her blouse as we both look on with interest. As the blouse
drops to the floor, Sarah stops Karen.

"Wait." she says, "Your nipples are not hard enough. Play with your
nipples until they are as long as they can be."

Karen cannot believe it. Her hands are visibly trembling with
excitement and fear as she begins tentatively pulling her own nipples.
They respond instantly to the stimulation and begins to get dark and
hard as they stick out almost a full inch from her body.

"Very well." says Sarah, "You may continue. Did you enjoy pulling your
own nipples?" Karen hangs her head embarrassed to admit it. "Yes." she
says in almost a whisper. "Remove the rest of your clothes." instructs
Sarah.

It does not take long before Karen is standing before us completely
nude. Sarah picks up a riding crop and begins walking around the naked
girl. Karen goes to cover herself with her hands but Sarah does not
allow it.

"Clasp your hands behind your head." she says.

Karen does so reluctantly. Sarah starts toying with Karen now. She
reverses her hold on the crop and starts touching Karen with it. Karen
starts as the cold silver knob of the handle finds its way between her
shaved pussy lips. She is mortified to find that she is becoming wet at
the treatment. Her condition does not improve. Now Sarah touches her
long nipples with the crop and the feeling of the leather stroking the
extra-long nipples causes a shudder to run through Karen. Sarah takes
the crop and slides it between Karen's legs from behind.

Using it as a kind of guide, she moves Karen over to the side of the
room where she ties her facing the wall so that her arms and legs are
stretched wide apart and the only part of her body touching the wall
are her nipples.

"Do you know what will happen to you now?" asks Sarah.

Karen shakes her head but she eyes the riding crop nervously. She is in
the perfect position to receive a good spanking. Instead, Sarah now
ties a blindfold over Karen's eyes. Reversing her hold on the riding
crop once again, she starts sliding it back and forth over Karen's
soaking pussy lips. Karen cannot stifle the moan of pleasure that
escapes her lips. Sarah now guides the silver knobbed crop so that it
penetrates Karen deeply. Karen lets out a gasp as the long crop acts as
a dildo. As soon as Karen has begun moving her hips in rhythm with the
crop, Sarah stops and, leaving the crop embedded deep in Karen's shaved
pussy, moves back to my desk to get a bottle of oil and a small
vibrating dildo.

You have become so excited watching these two that you are now stroking
your own shaved pussy with one hand while the other hand pulls hard at
your sensitive nipples. Sarah slowly starts oiling Karen's sensitive
asshole. Karen is moaning helplessly at this point as Sarah's oily
fingers, first one then two slide into Karen's tight rosebud. Every
once in a while Sarah reaches forward and slide the riding crop in and
out of Karen's soaking pussy. When Karen's ass is sufficiently
lubricated, Sarah slides the vibrating dildo into it and turns it on.
It is like an bolt of electricity. Karen cries out at the exquisite
sensation and begins thrusting her hips back and forth as Sarah works
both the riding crop and the vibrating dildo in and out of her.

Just as Karen is about to come, Sarah stops the action. The dildo and
the riding crop are quickly removed and Sarah doesn't touch the
writhing girl for a moment.

Karen begs Sarah to let her come but Sarah doesn't touch her except to
retie her to a table on her back. Karen's leg are now tied with the
knees held wide apart and her hands are tied above her head. Her now
soaking pussy is on display and from your desk you can see the puffy
pink lips sticking out, crying for relief.

The Vaseline glistens between her bottom cheeks from the workout that
Sarah gave her there.

Sarah now takes two nipple clips and attaches them to Karen's long
brown nipples. Karen gasps at the sensation and her hips start to move
again. String is tied to the clips so that they are continually pulled
up and away from her body. Sarah takes another set of clips and
attaches them to Karen's sensitive inner pussy lips. These she fastens
so that the lips are not only pinches but are pulled wide apart to
expose the over-stimulated pink interior. Karen is now totally helpless
and Sarah steps back to observe her handiwork. She reaches over and
takes a jar of honey from the counter. Using a spoon, she drips just a
little of the warmed honey directly on Karen's hard clitoris. Karen
cries out but the best is yet to come. Bending down now, Sarah reaches
out with the tip of her tongue and begins slowly licking the honey
away. Karen's hips are straining upwards begging for more. When that
honey is gone, Sarah puts a drop on one of Karen's stretched out pussy
lips and licks that.

For the next several minutes, Sarah drives Karen into a frenzy by
dropping a tiny bit of warm honey onto a sensitive area and following
it with the dart of her hot tongue. Her nipples feel the sensation then
her lips. Your own pussy jumps at the sight of both of their tongues
mingling together trying to catch all the honey. A small dab is licked
from her belly button and then her tummy Finally, Sarah draws a tiny
line of honey from her ass all the way to her clitoris and begins a
series of long licks to catch it. Her extended tongue drags from the
small of her back through the crack of her pretty white buttocks across
her entrapped pussy lips and onto her clit. Karen begins coming almost
immediately and cries out in long gasping sobs at the sensation. Sarah
continues to lick until the honey is gone and Karen is exhausted.
Finally it is over.

Karen lies back completely satiated.

Sarah, however is now more turned on than ever and now gets up on the
table and straddles Karen's chest. She reaches down to spread her own
soaking pussy lips and pushes her pussy directly down to Karen's mouth.
Karen doesn't hesitate for a moment. Her hot pink little tongue reaches 
up to give Sarah the relief she craves. The sight is too much for you.
Your hand rubs your own hard, hot clitoris faster and faster. You and
Sarah come at almost the same time. Your cries mingle as your bodies
shudder with the explosions that wrack them.

After Karen has been released and the girls are once again dressed, you
tell them that they will report back to you tomorrow morning to reverse
roles. You can see Karen start to think about what she will do to Sarah
in the morning as Sarah squirms in her chair thinking about what will
be done to her. They leave your office hand in hand, leaving you to
think about what adventure is next.




14 The Teacher

It is late afternoon and you are just about complete with your day at
the school. You are the headmistress of a very special school for young
people who are being initiated into the joys of B&D sex. It is probably
the most enjoyable job you have ever had. The last order of business
for the day is dealing with one of your instructors. Margie is a
petite, shy woman who has been one of the special 'Trainers' that have
worked for you for the past couple of weeks. You have noticed that the
way she has been interacting with the students has been detached. In
particular, she has not been forward with either the girls or boys
about sex and has carried out her duties like an automaton. It is time,
you think, to change all that.

One of your duties as headmistress is to make sure that even the
instructors are turned on all the time. You certainly are. You have
been thinking about what to do with her all day and the thought of it
has your pussy slippery with your own juices. You call Margie into your
office. She walks in and stands in front of your desk. You look her up
and down. She is wearing what has become almost a uniform for your
female personnel, a light, white skirt, a short sleeved silk blouse and
white pumps. Her face is flushed and she is so nervous that she is
trembling. She has been told that she is to be disciplined today and
you are sure that she is wondering what form that discipline will take.
You let her wait a little longer before you speak.

"Hello Margie," you say, "Do you know why you are here?".

Margie keeps her head down as her voice becomes like a ten year old
girl, "Yes. I'm here because I've been bad. I haven't been sexy
enough."

"That's right Margie." you say, "And do you know what we are going to
do to you?"

Margie shakes her head slowly. "We are going to make sure that you like
your body." you say, "When was the last time you had an orgasm?"

Margie looks up at you hesitantly. Her face is a deep red. She is
evidently embarrassed at the question. You are now sure that she is
simply embarrassed about sex.

"About ten days ago." she says.

You smile at her. "Please remove all of your clothes immediately." you
tell her.

Her face becomes even more flushed and you can see her hands shaking as
she begins undoing the buttons to her blouse. It is soon removed to
reveal two beautiful breasts. Margie is a petite woman and her breasts
are not large but they are very firm and are topped with wide, pink
nipples. 'Someone is going to enjoy licking and biting those nipples
today', you think. Her skirt follows and you see that despite your
standing instructions, her pussy is not shaved. It is, instead covered
a blond furry patch of hair. A moment later she is standing again, now
completely naked.

"Please place your hands above your head." you say.

Margie does so. Her breasts are now stretched against her body and her
nipples have begun to get hard, sticking out from her firm mounds. You
get up and begin walking around her. Her ass is perfect. It is round
and firm and you run your hand across it carressingly. Margie gasps at
this first touch. As you walk in front of her, still standing with her
hands clasped on top of her head, your hand moves to her breasts. You
gently stroke the left one, your fingertips barely touch the now turgid
nipple which sticks out from her body about a half-inch. It rises a
little further into your hand and Margie closes her eyes as she enjoys
the sensations.

You grasp the right nipple gently between your fingers. As you look
closely into her face, you slowly begin squeezing it harder and harder
looking to see her expression. Her breathing gets harder and harder
until she is gasping. You let go of her nipple and look to see it dark
pink and hard like a little penis sticking out from her right breast.

"How do you like your nipples pinched Margie?" you ask her, "Do you
like it gentle or hard?".

Margie's voice is almost a whisper as you hear her say, "I like it very
hard."

You smile. You sit back down at your desk and ring for Andrew. Andrew
walks in immediately. He is a huge black man standing easily 6'2". He
looks like he should be playing football but he is, in fact, one of the
best masseurs you have ever met. Margie is mortified by his presence.
She goes to cover herself up with her hands.

"Put your hands back up on your head young lady!" you say.

Reluctantly, she does so. Andrew smiles as his eyes seem to eat the
young blond up. "Andrew, I say, "please take care of Margie. Her pussy
is to be shaved and I want you to give her a thorough massage."

"Yes Miss." says Andrew.

Margie is led over to the massage table in the corner of the room and
lies down on her back. Andrew fastens leather cuffs to her wrists and
ankles and quickly and efficiently restrains her to the table so that
her hands are stretched to the top and her legs are wide apart.

"She is already wet Miss." says Andrew.

You look down and see that it is true. Margie's own juices have soaked
her long pink pussy lips and the hair that covers them. Margie is
humiliated beyond belief. She turns her head to the side in shame.
'Your treatment seems to be working', you think to yourself. Andrew
quickly cuts most of her pubic hair away with a pair of scissors and
then gently lays a towel soaked in hot water on her pussy. Margie gasps
as the heat soaks into the already warm area. When that towel becomes
cool, Andrew replaces it with another.

Within a couple of minutes, Margie's hips are squirming slightly on the
table.

Andrew removes the towel and begins shaving her pussy with a razor.
Margie cannot help squirming as his large black hands manipulate the
sensitive area.

She gasps quietly as he pulls first one then the other lip tight to
allow him to shave everywhere. Soon it is done.

Her prominent mound is beautiful. It frames her long, pink inner lips
perfectly.

They are now hot and dark from the manipulations they have received.
Andrew releases her legs from their restraints and turns her over on
the table. His fills his huge hands with oil and begins rubbing her
back in long full strokes.

His hands move down from her neck and up from her feet until she is
covered in warm oil.

Margie has been moaning contentedly with the sensation of this massage
and is now thoroughly relaxed. Andrew slowly and sensuously rubs oil
into her white buttocks, clearly defined by her bikini tan line. His
hands delve deeper into the cleavage between her cheeks and his strong
fingers soon find her puckered hole. She gasps and her head raises up
as Andrew penetrates her bottom with one long oiled finger. The hot oil
has its effect, however, and soon his finger is sliding in and out of
her ass in long, full strokes. She doesn't resist as his hands gently
spread her legs.

Standing behind her as you are you can see her pussy perfectly framed
from behind. Andrew's hands move lower and soon he is oiling her large
pussy lips from behind. Andrew rolls her over and begins massaging her
breasts. Margie is openly moaning now. You can see that her eyes are
closed and her body continues to wriggle on the table as she feels
herself being touched by this large, virile man. He pulls her sensitive
nipples over and over again with his slippery fingers and she arches
her back to get them closer to him. His hands move over her belly and
down to where she now wants them to be.

"Please let me come." she says.

Andrew looks at you and you shake your head. He now starts a kind of
teasing. He rubs her pussy lips and occasionally slides a slippery
finger across her clitoris. It feels to Margie like her clitoris is on
fire. She pulls at the straps around her wrists trying to get free. Her
clitoris is now covered in a mixture of her own juices an oil and
whenever Andrew touches it, it is like rolling a marble around in a
pool of oil. Margie's hips buck upwards in an effort to get the relief
she craves but whenever she gets close, Andrew stops.

The action is almost too much for you. Your hands have been playing
with your own pussy and nipples since the beginning and you have had
about 3 orgasms so far. You hand Andrew a thin vibrator and he gently
inserts it into Margie's bottom. She lets out a little cry and begs you
to turn it on. You take your own vibrator and begin sliding it in and
out of your own soaking pussy. Andrew now removes his own clothes and
gets up on the table. His cock is huge but in the state Margie is in,
you are sure it is just what she wants. His cock pauses at the entrance
of her white shaved pussy, just touching the lips. Margie is pleading
with him to push it in. He slides the large knob of the head into her,
parting her long, pink lips to the side with it. Margie gasps at the
feeling and closes her eyes.

Andrew looks over at you for the final ok to give her the relief she is
begging for. You reach down under them and turn on the vibrator now
lodged firmly in her bottom and tell Andrew to go ahead. He starts
pumping into her for all she's worth and Margie screams in pleasure.
She begins coming almost immediately in an orgasm that will last for a
couple of minutes. The contrast of his ebony black cock sliding into
her pristine white pussy is too much for you. You pump your own
vibrator into your pussy for your fourth mind-blowing orgasm of the
day.

Andrew comes a moment later and soon you have all calmed down and are
sitting on the floor of the office having a drink.

You are all exhausted. Margie is still covered in oil and is leaning
against the wall. She looks right at you, no longer concerned about her
nakedness, "Thank you." she says, "I had no idea that it could be this
good. I think I'm going to like the rest of my stay here and I want you
to know that you can 'discipline' me anytime."

You all laugh as your mind turns to what adventures tomorrow might
bring.




15 The Young Boy in Trouble

"Robert, come in here!"

The door to your office opens and Robert appears. Robert is one of the
students in the very special training school that you are in charge of.
He is a slender lad, about 5'11" tall with short brown hair and crystal
clear blue eyes. He seventeen years old and very attractive. His
training has progressed very well so far. He has become willing to
follow all of your instructions no matter how embarrassing they are to
him personally. He has, over the last couple of weeks, learned about
his body while being restrained in a variety of places and positions.

You have been able to play him like a finely tuned instrument. You have
discovered together where he is sensitive and where he is not. You have
seen him squirm with pleasure as his sensitive bottom was penetrated
oh, so slowly by your finger. You have watched his cock spring to
attention as you announced a bare- bottomed spanking as punishment. You
have heard him cry out as his sperm shot high onto the air during a
particularly intense orgasm.

Now he stands quietly in front of your desk. He is shifting nervously
from foot to foot. His mind is racing, anticipating with both fear and
excitement what erotic pleasures he will be forced to experience today.
You have decided that it is time for Robert to have a breakthrough in
his training. For the last two weeks, Robert has been dominated only by
you. He has learned to be obedient to you and is obviously willing to
experience an orgasm at your hand in whatever fashion you decide today.
But today, you will not be the only person dominating him. You smile as
you think of the plans you have in store for the afternoon.

"Robert," you say, "Please remove all of your clothes."

Robert's face turns a beet red as he hears this request. He has not
been able to get used to being ordered to expose himself in front of a
woman. He hesitates for a moment before his hands move slowly to the
buttons of his shirt. First, his shirt, then his socks and pants are
removed leaving him in only his underwear. You wait patiently as his
hands pause with his thumbs in the waistband of the briefs. Finally, he
pulls them down in one quick motion and steps out of them. He stands
before you with his hands covering his cock and balls.

"Place your hands behind your back please." you say quietly.

He blushes again as he follows your instructions. His prick has begun
to get hard and you pause for a moment, looking at his heavy balls
hanging under his circumcised organ. You take the wrist restraints out
of your desk drawer and stand up. You fasten his wrists together in
front of him and then you fasten a blindfold over his eyes. Unable to
see, his breathing now becomes a little heavier and his cock hardens
quickly. You lead him across the room and out the side door which leads
to a now empty corridor. His breathing has become even heavier as he
now knows he is outside your office, completely naked! You walk him
down to the end of the corridor and into a room you have prepared.

As you walk in, you see the two female students you were expecting;
Janice and Terri. You put a finger over your lips to make sure they
stay silent as you bring Robert to a padded massage table in the middle
of the room. You position him on the table, on his back and begin
slowly and efficiently tying him up. His hands are stretched above his
head and tied to the top of the table. His legs are lifted wide apart
and attached to ropes designed specifically for this purpose. By the
time you are finished, he is completely helpless and totally exposed.

You step back to observe your handiwork. His cock is now rock hard and
his balls look large and heavy as they hang below it. Looking a little
lower, you see that you have left his sensitive anus completely
exposed. His mouth is now parted as he pants, waiting with the
delicious anticipation of a sexual slave who does not know what to
expect next. You turn now to the two girls you are training to dominate
men. They are both eighteen years old and are very pretty.

Janice is a true blond and stands just under six feet tall. She carries
herself like a fashion model and always looks comfortable in her body.
She is dressed in a leather corset that leaves her buttocks and pussy
exposed and pushes her breasts together and up on display. The nipples
are not covered and you can see that they are already hard. She has not
taken her eyes off Robert's hard prick since he walked in and she is
licking her lips sensuously.

Terri, on the other hand, is more petite in her appearance. She is a
brunette with a tight trim body that is now almost completely naked. As
instructed, she is wearing a garter belt, stockings, leather cuffs and
a leather collar. She looks like the tougher of the two. Her tiny
nipples are also sticking up and you can see the juices from her shaved
pussy glistening on the folds of her slit.

You sit down to watch the action and the girls go right to work.

Janice starts by putting a tiny dab of hot lotion on Robert's nipples.
He begins squirming right away as this extra stimulation of his nipples
seems to travel directly to his cock. Moving a little lower, Janice
rubs a small dab on the bottom side of the head of his dick and it bobs
up and down in appreciation.

Robert moans at the touch to his sensitive organ. The lotion begins its
effect right away and in a moment, he is pleading for relief from the
warm, teasing feeling the lotion is having on him. Janice starts to
move away but Terri takes the ointment from her and puts a small bit
directly onto his exposed anus. His hips jump from the table against
his restraints as she rubs the sensitive area slowly. Now Terri, takes
a long feather and touches the tip of it against the back of his left
knee. Moving very slowly, she runs the tip of the feather along his
inner thigh towards his genitals. As the feather begins to travel up
the sensitive skin just to the side of his cock, Robert begins
straining towards it, pleading for her to touch his cock. Terri allows
him no relief. Instead, she now runs the feather across his now hot
nipples. Janice has taken an ice cube and starts to drip the ice-cold
water from it onto Robert's nipples while Terri plays.

Robert gasps.

It is immediately apparent to him that there is more that one woman
here and he is completely helpless to do anything about it. You stand
up and remove his blindfold. His eyes turn wide as saucers as he sees
the two teenage girls teasing his defenseless body. His blush travels
down his face and onto his chest in his embarrassment. Terri is now
standing between his legs and tickling his sensitive anus with the tip
of the feather. The sensation is almost too much and you see Robert's
prick begin to twitch in the sure signs of an orgasm. The girls stop
instantly and wait until it has passed.

Robert is beside himself. He is now begging the girls to let him come
as they alternately drip ice onto the head of his cock and tickle it
with the feather.

The girls untie him from the table and tie his hands behind his back.
They have him kneel down in front of Terri. While Janice holds him from
behind, Terri holds the sensitive lips of her pussy wide apart. He can
clearly see the pink inner lips of her pussy and the hot juices running
down her thigh.

Robert sticks his tongue out as far as it will go and Terri moves
forward enough that just the tip of his tongue can touch her. He
feverishly runs the tip of his tongue up and down Terri's sensitive
pink lips. She doesn't allow him to get close and he moans in
frustration. She adjusts herself so he can barely touch the tip of her
clitoris and he now directs his attention there. When she can stand it
no more, she moves closer and instructs him to run his tongue deep into
her pussy. She is now moaning and holding his head firmly in place. She
pulls his mouth up to cover her clitoris and he obediently sucks it
into his mouth.

His hot tongue slides under the hood of her clit and his lips pull the
hard nubbin between them. He runs his tongue rapidly back and forth
across her sensitive clitoris until she cries out with pleasure. Her
whole body tightens and she throws her head back. You watch excitedly
as her knees begin to shake and then she screams as the orgasm runs
through her.

Robert's face is covered in her juices as Janice informs him that he is
about to get a bare-bottomed spanking. Robert blushes in his
embarrassment. It is one thing to get a spanking from you who is older
than him, but to suffer the kind of humiliating punishment that a
little boy would get from someone his own age is unbearable.
Nevertheless, he obediently bends over Janice's knee to receive his
chastisement. She holds him firmly in place and instructs him to spread
his legs wide apart. He reluctantly does so.

She starts by rubbing his tight buttocks all over and occasionally
sliding her hands between his legs to squeeze his balls or cock. Then
she slowly spanks his buttocks until they are a rosy red. He is
squirming by the end of it. She pauses for a moment and then you see
her slide a finger into her own soaking pussy. She takes it out and
slowly but firmly slides its full length into his sensitive bottom.
Robert gasps at the sensation. She slides it in and out until he is
just about to come from it and then stops. Robert moans out loud,
frustrated once again. She has him get on his knees in front of her and
then pulls his face right into her pussy. Robert licks for all he is
worth and it only takes a moment before Janice now screams in ecstasy.

The girls now take Robert and re-attach him to the table. His blindfold
is replaced and we see that his red cock is quivering as he pleads for
release.

Terri opens a jar of honey and takes a large dab on one finger as
Janice pops a couple of ice cubes into her mouth. Terri touches his
sensitive anus and very slowly slides her honey coated finger into his
ass. You know from experience that the sensation is like having your
whole body melt at once. Robert's body strains upwards and his hard
cock slides right into the waiting mouth of Janice who has the ice in
her mouth.

The combination of hot and cold on his cock along with the exquisite
sensations going on in his ass has Robert pulling with all his might at
the ropes which hold him. He cries out, screaming with pleasure as he
empties his balls in a mind- shattering orgasm. It takes a few minutes
before they all calm down. The girls leave and you untie Robert and
lead him back to your office. His knees are weak, he is totally drained
and you walk slowly.

Watching these three over the last hour has turned you on like never
before. If you don't come right now, you feel like you will explode.
You close the door to your office and sit down on the nearest chair.
You pull your skirt to your waist. As usual, you are not wearing any
panties.

"Lick me Robert." you gasp.

You hook your legs over the arms of the chair to expose yourself
completely.

Robert falls right to his knees and you feel his hot tongue run deep
inside you and along your long pussy lips. When he sucks your clitoris
into his mouth, your passion boils over and your orgasm shakes your
body as you cry out for more. It is one of the best working days you
have ever had!




16 The Restaurant

"We're going out for lunch." I say one Saturday afternoon. We jump in
the car and drive to one of our favorite restaurants. You are wearing a
light pink blouse which buttons down the front. You are also wearing a
white skirt that is very light and summer weight. Under this is your
sexiest bra and panty set in a white lace. We pick a secluded corner of
the restaurant and order our drinks.

Our waiter is Jacques, a very attractive French Canadian in his early
thirties.

We are sitting very quietly and looking at our menus when, all of a
sudden, I put my menu down and look right at you. You look back at me
expectantly. "Give me your panties." you hear me say in a clear
unmistakable tone. You are shocked! The menu starts to shake in your
hands.

"Here?!" you whisper in a near panic. The restaurant is very crowded
and you have never had to do something like this before. You look
around anxiously and then back at me, hoping that I've changed my mind.

I simply smile at you. With a last look around, you reach under your
skirt and surreptitiously pull the lacy white panties down your legs
and off your ankles.

You quickly bunch them into a tiny ball and pass them to me under the
table. I smile again as I raise them to my face to smell them. "Please
put them down!" you whisper, worried that someone will see.

"You're wet." I say, "I can smell it. Are you wet?".

"Yes." you say in a little girl voice. I take the pretty panties and
lay them right on the table in front of me. You cannot believe it. 
Someone is sure to notice them and you would be so embarrassed. You
realize, however, that you are indeed quite wet and aroused and getting
wetter by the minute.

"Raise your skirt so you can sit directly on the chair." I say This is
not difficult to accomplish as your skirt is still able to cover you
adequately. The leather of the seat feels strange against your naked
buttocks and wet pussy. A moment later your waiter returns. You panties
are still on the table in plain view. He can't miss them! You look up
and see him openly grinning right at you.

You are mortified. You turn your head away, blushing like crazy.

"We'd like a couple more minutes to decide." I tell the waiter and he
blissfully leaves. I reach into my jacket and pull out several
photographs. "Do you remember these?" I ask as I lay them on the table.
You recognize them instantly. They were taken by me several days ago
while you were in bondage. It was a great session and you see the
perfectly clear images of you tied with your hands and legs held wide
apart. You can see the clips on both your nipples and sensitive inner
pussy lips. Your pussy is held wide apart by the clips and you can
plainly see the pink interior completely exposed. Your pink anus shines 
in one photograph from the lubrication it has just enjoyed. In the next
photograph, the fleshy color of a small butt plug peeks out from your
tiny hole.

"Do you think the waiter will like them?" I ask mischievously.

"Oh, please don't!" you beg. You see the waiter from the corner of your
eye, heading back in your direction. "Please don't show them." you
plead.

"Shhhhh..." I whisper reassuringly. The waiter arrives back at the
table. You hang your head feeling humiliated at being exposed in this
way.

"Jacques," I say, "we won't need these at the table any more. Could you
take care of them for me?"

"Of course Monsieur." says Jacques. You are so embarrassed that you
barely hear me ordering our food. When next I look up, the panties and
pictures are gone.

"You didn't give him the pictures did you?!" I ask disbelievingly.

My reply is a simple nod and a smile. Oh no! you think to yourself.
What will he be thinking about you. You notice that your pussy has
caused you to be sitting in a veritable pool of your own juices.
Obviously this has turned you on. On the table now are a pair of nipple
clips. You eyes go wide at the sight.

"What are you planning to do to me!" you ask, "This is a crowded
restaurant!"

You know even as you speak these words that your protests will carry
little weight. It is as it has always been with us. You will do
whatever you are told not matter how outrageous. The thought scares you
a little but the fear adds a delicious anticipation to you. Perhaps you
will be asked to strip naked right here in the middle of the
restaurant. Perhaps you will be given like a plaything to one of the
patrons or to the staff in the back. It is at once terrifying and
exciting.

Jacques is now hovering near our table, almost too eager to please.
"Jacques," I ask, "do you think she can enjoy her meal while these are
attached to her nipples?" You gasp at the question. You can't believe
that I am having this conversation as though discussing the weather
while you are right in front of me.

"Oh oui, Monsieur." says Jacques smiling at me.

"Very well," I say, "Dear, please go to the ladies room and remove that
brassiere and replace it with these clips. You hesitate. Stunned at the
request.

Jacques is waiting expectantly to see if you will obey. Your face is a
beet red and you are trembling with emotion as you slowly get to your
feet and move off to the ladies room. A few short minutes later, the
nipple clips are in place, pinching your long hard nipples in the
feeling you know so well. This is the first time you have put the clips
on yourself and you are not sure that you like it when it is not done
to you.

You look at yourself in the mirror. The clips are painfully obvious to
anyone who looks! They are sticking out beneath the flimsy fabric of
your blouse and you know that there is no way of concealing that. You
look at your face for a moment and it surprises you. It is not the
same, shy tentative woman of several months ago. You are radiant and
obviously sexually aroused. Your flushed face gives you away.

You reach under your skirt for a moment to slide your fingers across
your hot clitoris. The sensation is electric! You have to restrain
yourself from bringing yourself to an orgasm right away. You tuck your
bra into your purse and with your arms crossed across your breasts to
hide as much as you can you quickly move back to our table. Our food
has arrived while you have been gone and I am slowly eating as you sit
down.

"Very good." I say. You look down at the nipple clips sticking out from
your breasts beneath your blouse. You are very turned on. Jacques is
back in a flash obviously interested in what the next turn of events
will bring.

"Darling," I ask, "don't cover yourself up like that. Show Jacques how
the clips look on you." Your face turns a brighter shade of red as you
lower your arms to allow Jacques to see the shape of the clips sticking
out. Jacques is almost drooling in his observations.

"Well," I say, "you can't really see anything can you? You should open
your blouse and show Jacques how pretty those clips look on your long
brown nipples."

You are astonished once more in an evening that seems full of such
emotions. You look around fearful that everyone in the restaurant is
looking but frankly, given where you are sitting, no one can really see
you.

Your hands are shaking as they reach up to unbutton the first button.
One by one they are slowly undone until I can see an expanse of flesh
from your neck to your waist.

"Show him dear." I say. You hesitate once more before reaching up and
spreading your blouse wide apart to expose your breasts and their
accompanying nipple clips fully to Jacques.

"Magnifique!" whispers Jacques. You hold your blouse wide apart showing
all your charms until you see me smile and nod. Thankfully, you button
up your blouse quickly. Jacques seems visibly shaken as he totters off
to serve his other clients. You like the fact that you have that effect
on him. Everyone likes to be attractive, but you have turned him on
with your behavior.

We start to eat our meal and for the next few minutes we don't talk.
The sensation of the nipple clips pinching your breasts and your pussy
getting slowly more and more wet keeps distracting you. You have an
irresistible desire to reach down and rub yourself to an orgasm right
here at the table. You could come at the least touch and not care who
was looking. Jacques returns a few minutes later. You look down and see
that he has a hardon. Looking at you being continuously aroused has
caused him the same sensation.

"Jacques," you hear me say, "did you know that I keep her pussy shaved?
It is quite pretty. Sweetheart, show Jacques how pretty a shaved pussy
is." You are so hot that you don't even hesitate any more. You push you
chair back a couple of inches and begin raising your skirt while you
look right at him. Jacques has begun breathing heavily in ragged
breaths. Your breathing is more like gasping as you now raise your
skirt right up to your waist.

Jacques gasps as he sees your pussy with its juices glistening in the
dim light of the restaurant. You can't resist any more. You reach down
and with one finger, quickly rub your pussy juices across your
clitoris.

Jacques closes his eyes and his body twitches as he comes. You see him
bite his tongue to avoid crying out. A dark stain appears on his
trousers from his jism.

The sight is too much for you. You begin coming in short panting
breaths, your whole body shakes as wave after wave passes through your
body.

When you have regained your senses, and covered yourself again, Jacques
has disappeared. I pay for the meal and we leave quickly. We make it as
far as the car before you attack me. You undo my pants and take my hard
cock deep into your mouth. I groan out loud at the sensation. The scene
has turned me on terribly.

It was all I could do to wait until now. It takes only a few short
strokes before you feel my body tighten up and spasm after spasm of
jism shoots from me.

When it is done I do up my pants and we look at each other for a long
moment before breaking into hysterics.




17 The Secretary

You thought that you would always be a homemaker. When you got married
it looked great and then it seemed routine and then, it was five years
later and you thought that that was it. Now, here you are, back as a
secretary in a new job.

You have been working for a full week now and you are beginning to
settle in.

You found that your fingers remembered how to type even when you
thought that you had forgotten. Your supervisor is a svelte looking
woman who has a particularly stern manner.

Your boss is one of the most attractive men you know. He is tall,
strong, dark haired with the sexiest voice you have ever heard. His
name is Mr. Rusko and he and your supervisor, Miss Branck have made
every effort to start you off in the new job. They told you that you
would have a one week trial period and that you had that time to get
yourself back up to speed. They were very generous in telling you that
any mistakes made during the trial period would be forgiven.

Miss Branck was very pleasant as she pointed out the errors that you
had made and by the end of the week, she almost none to show you.

You were pleased that both she and Mr. Rusko complimented you on your
work. You noticed, however, that some of the other girls who have been
with the company a while did not get the same treatment over their
mistakes. Just before you left the office on Friday, you remember
seeing Jeannie, the girl in the desk next to yours, called by Miss
Branck. Jeannie looked nervous as she went over to talk to her. You saw
that Miss Branck looked very strict while she talked to her.

Jeannie wasn't very talkative when she came back to her desk and when
you invited her out for an after work drink, she told you that she had
to stay late to speak to Mr. Rusko and Miss Branck. She looked awfully
nervous and you wonder why. Surely they wouldn't fire her for some
typing mistakes, you think to yourself.

Now, as you enter the office, you see that Jeannie is already at her
desk looking as chipper as ever. "Good Morning Jeannie." you say to her
pleasantly.

"Hi there." she replies.

"How did your Friday meeting go with the gruesome twosome?" you joke.

Jeannie immediately blushes red and she avoids your look. "It was O.K."
she stammers. This has you even more curious.

"Did you get into trouble?" you ask. She nods her head. "How come
you're so nervous about it." you ask her. She looks over at you coyly.

"You'll find out." she says. Now you are really curious. What does she
mean?

"Tell me." you say. Jeannie blushes again.

"I can't." she whispers. You insist and finally she relents.

"O.K." she says, "but you can't tell anyone I told you." You promise.
"Well, sometimes, when I've made a lot of mistakes, Miss Branck and Mr.
Rusko make me stay after work is over and then they punish me for my
mistakes." Your eyes open wide in disbelief as a shiver runs down your
spine.

"What do you mean?" you say.

"It's not just me." says Jeannie, "most of the younger girls get
punished that way. When I first got told to stay late, I was brought up
to Mr. Rusko's office and they made me sit down and then they told me
about all of my mistakes. There weren't a lot but they made a big deal
about it. They finally gave me a choice.

They said that they knew that I was capable of good work and that I
could either leave the company or choose to be punished by them.
Anyway, I didn't want to leave, so I let them punish me." You face is
flushed at this story and you notice that your pussy is already soaking
wet at the story.

"How did they punish you?" you ask.

Jeannie hesitates a long time before she answers, "They spanked me just
like a little girl." You are really in an uproar now. Jeannie turns
back to your work and you start on your own but your mind is in a
turmoil. The image of young Jeannie being turned over Mr. Rusko's knee
turns you on like crazy. Dominance and submission games are your
favorite thing anyway and you imagine that Jeannie is lying across your
knee and that you are lifting her skirt and lowering her panties.

You look over at her and pretend that her thighs and buttocks are
slowly becoming revealed. Your thoughts drift in and out of the
exciting thoughts all morning and by the time lunch rolls around, you
take a break in the washroom to masturbate. You have to bite your
tongue while your fingers bring your wet pussy to a shattering orgasm
in only a few strokes.

You are a little calmer after lunch, but every time you look at
Jeannie, you get turned on all over again.

Miss Branck calls you over in the late afternoon. "The work you did
last week was actually very high in quality." she tells you, "But I see
that there are a number of rather simple mistakes in today's effort.
This is really not acceptable. I will expect an immediate improvement
or I'll have to take some kind of action."

You are embarrassed at the scolding and you resolve yourself to improve
your work. You continue on with your day and your work does improve.

At home that night, your thoughts turn again to the 'punishments' of
Miss Branck and Mr. Rusko. You wonder what it would be like to be
submissive to the two of them at once. The thought is at once exciting
and disconcerting. Our lovemaking that night is the best it has been in
ages and you surrender yourself totally to it. You ask me to tie your
hands together and you love the feeling of being helpless while being
brought to an orgasm. The next morning, you arrive to work with a glow
on your face and it doesn't go unnoticed by Jeannie.

"Great night last night?" she teases.

You blush as you tell her about your lovemaking.

Her eyes open wide. "You really let him tie you up?" she asks.

You nod your head. "I could tell you a lot of stuff I've done." you
tell her.

"But, I'd better do it after work."

Jeannie looks so interested that maybe you'll actually tell her some of
the things you have done. You promise to go out with her after work and
exchange girl-talk. She would probably be turned on about finding out
what it would be like to submit herself to someone else totally. Work
continues as per usual but again today you are distracted by the
thoughts of your own sexuality. Just before the end of the day, Miss
Branck calls you over to her desk.

"Your work still contains a number of mistakes." she says, "I am really
quite surprised. I think that your quality was better last week than
today. In any case, Mr. Rusko and I would like to speak to you about it
today right after work. Please wait for me and we'll go up to his
office together."

Your heart skips a beat. Your mind goes into overdrive and you head
back to your desk as though you are in a daze. You wonder if they plan
to punish you just like Jeannie. What would that be like you think. You
hope that they don't and you hope that they do. Jeannie looks at you
curiously as you sit down.

"Are you O.K.?" she asks.

You nod your head. "I have to stay late tonight." you tell her, "Maybe
we could meet later instead."

Her eyes open wide. "Oh..." she says. She writes her address down on a
piece of paper. It is not far from the office. A few short minutes
later, you and Miss Branck are alone in the office.

"Come with me." she says. You follow her to the elevator and up to the
fourth floor. You notice that your hands are perspiring and that you
are really nervous. You enter Mr. Rusko's office and sit down as
instructed. Miss Branck sits next to you.

"Well, young lady," says Mr. Rusko, "It seems that our congratulations
were premature. Now, I know that you are capable of quality work so the
only conclusion I can come to is that you simply aren't paying
attention. Let me tell you the way that we handle slovenly work here.
We give the girls a choice. We tell them that they can go and work for
a company that is interested in low quality work or they can choose to
be punished here by Miss Branck and myself. I can assure you that you
will not find the punishment comfortable. However, we have noticed that
those employees who have been punished are generally, happier and much
more productive. Now you also have that choice. Which will it be?"

Your heart is racing at a mile a minute. You really don't want to be
punished but the thought of it is a turn on and besides, you really
don't want to leave the company. "I'll be punished by you." you say in
a whisper.

Mr. Rusko smiles. "Miss Branck will prepare you then." he says.

Miss Branck stands up and takes you into the next room. Her look is
quite severe. You bow your head submissively and wait for her
instructions. "Remove all of your clothing." she says. Your hands are
trembling as you reach for the buttons on your dress. It soon falls to
the floor and is soon followed by your, slip, stockings and panties.
Soon your are wearing nothing but your jewelry. You wait patiently
while you look at the floor. Miss Branck stands back to admire your
trim form. Her eyes linger on your shaved pussy and you see her smile.

"Very pretty." she says.

She hands you a standard hospital gown that opens in the back. It is
short and comes down to just below your buttocks but it does cover you.
She turns you around and does up the one tie in the back at the top.
She turns you around again and looks to make sure that you are ready.
You are mortified that your nipples have become quite hard and that
your pussy is soaking wet. She takes you by the arm and brings you back
into Mr. Rusko's office. The gown opens with every step you take and
you know that in a moment it will be completely exposed.

Miss Branck moves to the middle of the room and sits down in a
straight-backed chair.

"Lie over my lap." she says to you. Hesitantly you do so, feeling the
strange feeling of her nylons against your bare skin. The gown falls
naturally to the sides to expose your buttocks to their gaze. You feel
her cool hands touch you for the first time. Her left hand is in the
small of your back and holds you firmly in the proper position. Her
other hand rests gently on your smooth bottom. The spanking starts
suddenly and you feel her sharp stinging slaps strike first one cheek
then the other. The spanking goes on for some time and the heat rises
slowly from your bottom as it continues. The heat travels directly to
your pussy as the erotic punishment continues. You know that you are
soaking wet and you hope they don't find out. The whole event seems to
happen in a daze as though to someone else.

Miss Branck stands you up and you feel your bottom is hot. You think
that this it is over and you wait for her to bring you back to your
clothes. Instead she brings you over to the corner of the room. "You'll
stand here 'on display' until we tell you. She says. She places you
facing the corner just like a five-year-old who has just been
chastised. Your face turns red at the embarrassing position. You feel
her hands at your neck and suddenly the gown is untied and she lets it
fall to the floor.

You are now completely naked in the corner of the office and they have
you stand there for perhaps five minutes displaying your red bottom.
The heat in your bottom gradually diminishes until the warmest thing
about you is wet slit. The spanking by this woman has turned you on and
you have no idea what is to come next. The five minutes seem to go on
forever and you can sense Mr. Rusko and Miss Branck looking at your
helpless body.

Finally you hear Mr. Rusko's voice, "All right, then I'll complete your
punishment now. Come here." You hesitate for a moment. You know that as
you turn around, you will be exposing your entire body to him and you
are embarrassed to do that. Blushing yet again, you finally turn around
and with your eyes downcast submissively, you shuffle over to him. He
has you stand beside his chair for a moment as he looks at you. Your
hands have naturally covered yourself and he instructs you to lower
them. You do so and he looks directly at your firm breasts and their
hard nipples and your shaven slit. You know that your hot juices are
easily visible on your bare pussy lips thus betraying your turned on
condition.

He makes you stand there for a moment while he opens his drawer and
takes out a black leather strap and lays it on his desk. His large,
strong hands reach out to take your wrists and pull you over his lap.
He lays the cold leather strap on your buttocks and you shiver as you
imagine the sensation of the spanking to come. His strokes start a
moment later and your bottom is given a good paddling.

When he stands you up again, your bottom is hot and there are a couple
of tears on your cheeks.

You stand before them submissively, no longer attempting to cover
yourself as they tell you that they expect to see better work from you
in the future. You dress hurriedly and leave the building a few minutes
later. You are walking in a kind of daze as you find yourself at
Jeannie's apartment. She lets you in right away. Her look is concerned
as you walk in.

"Are you O.K.?" she asks. You nod your head. "Did they.... spank you?"
Again you nod your head. "Well, maybe I could put some lotion on for
you or something.

Would that help?"

She leads you into her bedroom and helps take off your dress. You lie
on your stomach, naked again in front of a strange woman as she begins
gently rubbing lotion into your hot bottom. Her fingers stroke you
gently and you feel yourself becoming more and more turned on. You hear
her start to breath deeply and without saying anything, you spread your
legs slowly apart. Her hands naturally slide lower and lower until her
fingers discover your wetness.

You turn over and pull her face into your shaven pussy. Her long, hot
tongue slides right into you and the licking of your pussy juices is
soon followed up by the roving tongue finding your hard clit. Jeannie's
hands move up your body to pinch your nipples hard and you let out a
loud moan. Your orgasm seems to start deep in your body and spread
outward right to your fingertips. It goes on for a long time and you
cry out at the pleasure.

Afterwards, you and Jeannie lie together, "I know what it's like." she
tells you, "I'm always so turned on after it happens." You rest for
awhile before making love again. This time it is you who brings her to
a climax. By the time you get home, it is late but it is a warm,
smiling, satisfied woman who comes home to recount the hottest story
she can remember happening in a long time.




18 On Display

It is Saturday evening and we have just finished a fabulous meal. You
have prepared a feast fit for kings and the romantic candle-lit dinner
has left us both in the mood for a little after-dinner fun.

"Come on." I say, "Let's go play." You give me your coy, little-girl
smile.

"Yes Sir." you say. You follow me meekly into the bedroom. You aren't
sure quite what to expect as I have made each evening an experience of
the unexpected. I have arranged our room with soft lights, and arranged
the bed so that you can fall right onto it. Very, very tenderly I start
to remove your clothing, kissing each part of you as it comes into
view. First your blouse drops to the floor and you feel my hot breath
as I kiss your neck and shoulders.

You moan softly as I give you a gentle bite. I am standing behind you
and you lean back against me as I reach around to undo the front clasp
on your bra. The lacy covering slides down your arms and falls to join
the silk blouse. You stretch your hands up behind your head and you
hold yourself there to expose your breasts fully to me.

You know that I love seeing you in this position better than any other.
My hands move softly across your smooth skin, stroking it and moving in
ever-smaller circles toward your already hard nipples. You secretly
hope that I'll pinch them but I do not. Instead, they feel the same
soft gentle caressing that the rest of you receives. My hands move
lower now, stroking your belly and you close your eyes to better
experience the feeling as my fingers undo the clasp to your skirt. It
falls away from you revealing your pale blue silk panties. They are one
of your favorite pairs and you know that they look great on you. You
feel me turning and you turn also, still with your hands up behind your
head.

"Open your eyes." I whisper. You look to see us reflected in the full-
length mirror in our bedroom. Your long lanky body is stretched out as
though attached to me. Your breasts are flattened against your chest
and are topped with your long brown nipples which are already getting
hard. You see me slowly sink to my knees behind you and start to slide
your panties down your legs. Your shaven pussy and its long slit is
slowly revealed. You step out of your panties, now completely naked
before me.

My hands guide you to the bed lying you down on your front and making
sure that you are comfortable. You surrender your body totally to me.
You feel my large strong hands touch your feet. They are drenched in
warm oil. "Mmmmm." you say.

Starting at your toes, I slowly move all the way up your legs to your
bottom.

Over and over I rub your legs until all the knots are out. This is
totally unexpected but wonderful. From your legs, I move up and start
massaging your bottom. The feeling is glorious. You feel my fingers dig
deep into the tissue releasing all the tension you have bottled up in
your body. Now my hands massage your back in long, strong strokes from
the small of your back all the way to your neck. You allow your body to
relax like a rag doll and the hot-oil massage begins to sink in.

By the time I am done with your back, you are almost asleep. You offer
no resistance when I turn you over to begin on your front. I start with
your temples and move down your face. You have never had it so good.
The massage continues down your body, firmly massaging your arms and
fingers and then moving back up to your chest. The hot oil is softly
worked into your breasts and nipples and then lower down to your belly
and finally you feel your legs being spread apart to receive the last
of the massage and oil on the lips of your pussy.

The whole process has taken perhaps an hour, maybe less. You are
totally relaxed and more than a little turned on. You open your eyes
and stretch your hands out to me.

"Come here," you say in a husky voice.

I shake my head, smiling. I hold up several silk scarves. "Can I use
these on you?" I ask. You look up into my eyes while a shiver runs
through your belly.

"O.K." you whisper. My hands are very gentle as they tie your wrists to
the head of the bed. One scarf becomes a gag and your mouth opens wide
to offer yourself submissively to it. Now that you are truly helpless,
you feel your pussy starting to get very wet. You are totally relaxed,
but the anticipation of what may happen next is very exciting.

I sit down beside you and begin playing with your slippery nipples. I
drip more hot oil on them and begin rubbing it in. You feel my fingers
pinching the nipples only to have them escape by slipping though my
fingers. You close your eyes, enjoying the constant stimulation.

All of a sudden you hear the doorbell ring. The loud sound has you
start and your body tries to get up before it remembers that it is
attached to the bed.

"Shhhhh," I say softly. "Relax. I'll be back in a minute." I leave the
room with you still tied to the bed and helplessly gagged. I seem to be
gone a long time before I return.

When I walk into the room, you are a little relieved and then you see
that I am followed by your friends; Bill and Marge! You pull
frantically at your bonds trying to get up. Bill and Marge have never
seen you in anything else but your Sunday best. Bill is grinning wildly
at your exposed body and Marge looks a little shocked. It is obvious
from your position exactly what is happening here.

Because of the gag you can't even speak to them. Marge is standing at
the end of the bed and is trembling a little as she looks at you
carefully.

'Perhaps she is wondering what it would be like for her?', you think to
yourself. I am sitting down beside you again and you close your eyes in
embarrassment.

"She loves being dominated." you hear me say and despite yourself, you
feel your face blush red. "I have had her dominated by both men and
women. I gave her a massage a little while ago before I tied her up. I
think her body is tremendous when it's covered in oil. Her nipples are
my favorite. Do you see how hard they are. Look at this, she loves them
to be pinched very hard." You feel my fingers at your nipples pulling
them hard away from your body. You are unable to contain a moan at the
sensation. Your eyes open to see Marge and Bill looking at you closely.
You notice that Marge is breathing heavily and looks a little flushed
herself.

Marge says, "I think we should go."

"Please don't." I say, "She's actually turned on by your being here.
Maybe you could do something for her. Could you put these on her
nipples?"

Marge looks at the nipple clamps with her eyes wide apart. "What are
those?" she says in wonder.

"They're called nipple clips." I say. Marge takes them in her hand to
examine them. "Don't they hurt?" she asks.

"Sure, a little." I say, "but she really likes them.

Marge looks at you questioningly. "Do you really?" she asks in a small
voice.

You nod your head. She moves slowly over to the side of the bed and I
move aside. She sits down beside you and takes one of the clips in one
hand. Her fingers are shaking as they pull one of your nipples up and
away from your breast to attach the clip to it. Your eyes close and you
moan at the sensation.

You feel the other nipple being pulled and pinched as Marge attaches
the other clip to it. You have never been so embarrassed as right now.
You feel Marge standing up and you open your eyes to see both Marge and
Bill looking at your body.

"Look Honey." says Bill, her pussy's completely shaved! You feel my 
hands gently opening your legs and you try to keep them closed.

"Bill," I say, "would you please tie her other knee like this one?"
Between the two of us your knees are now tied wide apart thus exposing
your embarrassingly wet pussy lips. My fingers pull your tender pussy
lips wide apart to further expose you to your friends.

"One of the things she enjoys best," I say, "is to be punished. Take a
look at some of these pictures." You see me take out our private album
and show the pictures of you being spanked just like a little girl. The
album contains graphics pictures of you and despite the already
exposing position you are now in, you find yourself embarrassed again.
Bill is standing just behind Marge as they look through the album
together. You can see that Marge is turned on by the photographs and
you see Bills hands reach around her to play with her breasts.

She leans back against him and allows him to undo her blouse and slip
his hands in to hold her firm breasts. They stop at one picture in
particular.

"I'll be attaching her like that in a few minutes." I say, "I figure
that I'll give her a good spanking until her bottom is pink and then
I'll use her vibrator on her until she comes while hanging there. Do
you like using a vibrator Marge?"

Marge looks down submissively as she whispers yes. Your vibrator is on
the table beside you. You see me pick it up and hand it to Marge. Her
blouse is now completely open and Bill completes the job by removing it
from her shoulders to reveal her trim breasts topped with tiny pink
nipples.

"Here Marge," I say, "play with her with it. Just don't let her come
yet." Marge turns on the toy and begins touching your hot, oiled body
with the humming instrument. She starts at the inside of your bound
knees and works her way upward. Soon you are straining to be touched
directly on your pussy but Marge won't allow it. She touches you all
over, first your belly, next your breasts, then the nipple clips and
finally back to your upper thighs but it is a long time before you feel
the vibrator right on your clit. She can't leave it there long because
it will only take a moment for you to come and she won't allow it.

It seems like an eternity for you as your body writhes in its bonds
seeking relief.

Finally she stops, you open your eyes to see that everyone's clothes
are now on the floor and Bill is sporting an erection that is, to say
the least, impressive. Bill and I untie you and reattach you standing
with your hands tied to the ceiling. Your legs are attached wide apart
to leave you completely accessible to us. Marge stands in front of you
and presses her body against your own slippery one. Bill stands behind
her and reaches around to remove your nipple clips.

He takes first one then the other and places them on Marge's pink
nipples instead. She gasps as she feels the piquant pinch of the clamps
for the first time ever. Marge stands behind you now and you turn your
head to see her holding a small leather strap. You see her slide one
hand into her brown haired pussy while the other swings the leather
against your buttocks. The first few strokes are very light but soon
she is smacking your smooth bottom in sharp stinging strokes. The
spanking turns you on even more. It does not take long and it is over.

You feel Marge's hand rubbing your bottom and feeling the heat rising
from it.

One then two of her fingers slide into your dripping pussy to wet
themselves and then they move further behind you to lubricate your
tight bottom. You reach up on your toes and moan behind the silk gag as
her fingers go particularly deep.

Bill is standing in front of you and you feel the tip of his massive
hard-on nudging against your pussy. Marge slides her fingers deep into
your body and you move forward naturally, thus impaling yourself on
Bill's cock. Marge controls the rhythm now as her fingers slide in and
out of your rear pushing you harder and harder onto Bill's cock. You
know you are close to coming but it is not to be allowed yet.

Marge removes her fingers and they are quickly replaced by my cock. Now
you are filled as never before. Bill's large organ fills your pussy
completely while my cock fills your bottom. You close your eyes,
savoring the sensation. You hear the hum of the vibrator again and it
touches your sensitive breasts just as Bill and I start sliding in and
out of you. You feel me press against your well-spanked bottom and you
are even more turned on by the feeling. You open your eyes to look
right into Marge's.

You open your mouths and your tongues touch in a sensitive kiss that
connects you all together. Bill and I start thrusting in a perfect
rhythm. He pulls out as I push in then visa versa. Your body feels like
its turning inside out. You feel my body tighten in the beginning of my
orgasm. The feeling is too much for you and you feel both your pussy
and ass tighten on Bill and I as your orgasm starts from the depths of
your belly and flows outward. You cry out hard against the gag, letting
yourself scream really for the first time in your life as we all begin
coming together. Even Marge, with two fingers deep in her pussy moans
as her orgasm mingles with yours. It is perhaps the most exquisite
sensation you have ever encountered.




19 The High School Locker Room

It is the last class of the day and you are tired. Being a Phys-Ed
instructor at the local high school is a demanding job and the girls
have been giving you a hard time. Spring probably has something to do
with the rambunctious nature of your charges but all their energy is
wearing you out. Also, just looking at their young limber bodies, just
budding into womanhood has you kind of horny.

You don't usually think about such things while you're working but
seeing those girls today in their tights as they went through their
exercises turned you on.

Your pussy has been hot and wet all afternoon and your nipples seem to
be in a constant state of erection.

The last class that you currently have doing gymnastics are the grade
11's. The sixteen and seventeen year-olds are stretching their bodies
into a variety of sexual contortions. In one corner, the girls on the
mats are doing split after split and looking at those long legs
stretched so far apart makes you imagine one of them tied up in that
position, totally helpless to prevent the stimulation of her body. On
the trampoline, your eye catches sight of one of the bustier girls as
her breasts bounce up and down. Her hard nipples are prominently
displayed through the thin fabric of her Danskin and you are
embarrassed to catch yourself thinking about what it would be like to
suck them.

'This is crazy', you think to yourself, 'These girls are innocent
teenagers who don't know anything about sex.' The day will prove you
wrong. The bell sounds and the girls quickly tidy up before heading to
the locker room. It will be a good 20 minutes before they've showered
and changed and you are able to close the place up. You decide to take
the opportunity to go to your office and masturbate to release some of
this nervous energy. You enter your office and lock the door behind
you. In the bottom drawer of your desk is a large vibrator and an
envelope containing a magazine on your favorite fantasy: bondage.

You open the envelope and take out the bondage mag. Flipping through a
couple of pages, you stop at a story about teenage girls, being
kidnapped by band of dominant women who then train them. The pictures
on the page show young girls being restrained in a variety of exposing
positions. Some with their legs held wide apart, others with their
hands tied to the ceiling. In some, you see nipple clips pinching their
nipples. In others, you see a dildo much like yours pushed into their
pussies. One young girl is getting a bare bottomed spanking by her
mistress. The pictures turn you on a little more and you push your
Danskin to the side to allow access to your pussy for your vibrator.
The humming sensation is electric and you let out a quiet moan as the
tip of the artificial cock touches the hood of your clitoris. You rub
the vibrator up and down the edges of your sensitive pussy lips and let
the feelings run through your body. You push just the tip of it into
your now soaking pussy and you hold back for a moment before pushing it
deeper.

You imagine yourself tied to a bed and being totally helpless. Whoever
was in control would determine when the dildo would be penetrate you.
You would have no say. You hold the vibrator there wanting it deep
inside you but imagining that you can't have it. You don't last very
long. Soon the long thick dildo is sliding in and out of your wet slit.
On each stroke the vibrator feels like it is filling your body totally.
You decide to prolong the sensation until you can get home and really
do something about it.

You turn the vibrator off but you leave it deep in your pussy. You feel
completely filled as you adjust your Danskin and stand up slowly. You
want to come so bad and the anticipation is bittersweet. It has been
about 25 minutes since your students finished their class and you go to
take a last look in the locker room before closing up.

As you enter the locker room, a familiar sound has you stop dead in
your tracks.

There is the clear, distinct sound of a girl panting, close to coming
in the room. You can also hear the sound of the shower and the girl's
voice is coming from there. 'One of the girls must be masturbating in
the shower.', you think to yourself. Your pussy automatically tightens
around the thick dildo still lodged in there. You move slowly and
silently toward the shower area, determined to find out who it is and
perhaps take a look at her having an orgasm.

As you turn a corner, the sight is very different from what you expect
and the sight has you gasp as your heart starts to race. There are FOUR
naked girls in the shower not one. Three of the girls are holding a
fourth captive and are teasing her helpless body. One of the girls
standing behind her and is holding the helpless girl's hands tightly
behind her head to expose her pretty breasts and chest. One of the
others is standing in front of her and playing with her very long pink
nipples. A third is on her knees at the feet of the restrained teenager
and is running a bar of wet soap back and forth through her crack. The
girl who is being held doesn't seem to be struggling as these three
girls tantalize her body with their hands and tongues. You see one lick
her nipples as the other slides one finger first deep into her pussy
and then deep into her obviously lubricated bottom.

Your own hand has moved to your pussy almost of its own volition and is
now pushing gently at the end of the vibrator sticking out, pushing it
deeper into you.

The girl on her knees is now licking the helpless girl whose name is
Julie and a moment later, Julie starts to come in long sobbing gasps.
The other three girls hold her and caress her until her orgasm has
subsided and she is able to stand on her own. Julie looks at them and
giggles, "That was the BEST ever! Who's next?"

Suzie says, "Oh, let me." The girls go right into action. This time,
the girls is held lying on her back with her legs spread up and wide
apart. From your vantage point, you can see that her pussy is
completely shaved! You can see the delicate pussy lips gently being
spread open to reveal the hot pink interior and below that her pink,
crinkled bottomhole. The girl holding Suzie's wrists starts licking and
biting her tiny nipples and the Suzie stars writhing right away. One of
the girls begins playing with Suzie's ass and gently sliding her finger
into it while the third starts playing with Suzie's pussy lips with her
tongue. It does not take long before Suzie is begging them to let her
come. They hold her off time and time again just on the brink of an
orgasm. Finally, one of the girls positions herself so that her legs
and Suzie's legs scissor each other and their pussies begin grinding
together. Suzie immediately begins coming like a freight train and you
join her.

The sight has been too much for you. You reach down and turn on the
vibrator and your pussy tightens itself around it as the artificial
intruder brings you to yet another orgasm. You pull the vibrator out of
your body and turn it off. You have decided it is time for these girls
to be found out. The girls have, meanwhile, switched partners again and
the next victim, Vivian, is now being held on her hands and knees with
her knees held wide apart waiting for her ass and pussy to be violated
from behind. Stepping out from your hiding place, you walk straight up
to them.

"Well, girls, what is going on here?" you ask in a stern voice. The
girls leap to their feet,

"Oh, nothing miss. We're sorry. We should be on our way now."

"Not so fast." you say, "Vivian, get back down on your knees." The
girls are disbelieving as you have them all watch as you gently
position Vivian to best expose her most private area. You instruct the
girls to hold her legs and her wrists tightly so that she cannot
escape.

Then you pull out your vibrator. You turn it on first and begin running
it over her body. First along her arms and legs, then you let it touch
the sensitive breasts and nipples hanging down from her body. Vivian's
breathing is a little heavier when you finish playing with her tits.
Now you move behind her. Vivian is anxiously awaiting the touch of the
vibrator but you maker her wait. Finally, you slide the thick vibrator
deep into her soaking pussy in one long delicate stroke. Vivian cries
out at the exquisite sensation and your own pussy tightens with desire
as you remember the feeling from just a few minutes ago. You begin
sliding the vibrating cock very slowly in and out of her slit. Soon she
is taking full strokes in and out and begging for more.

You lubricate one finger of your other hand in the soaking juices of
Vivian's pussy and then you gently slide its full length into her
bottom. The moan from her coupled with an additional wriggling of her
bottom is enough for you to know that it was the right thing to do. All
of this stimulation will have her come soon so you have one of the
girls lie down under Vivian and begin licking and biting her nipples.
This final sensation is too much and she begins shaking in an orgasm
that has her scream out in pleasure.

A couple of minutes later you are all back in your office talking about
what happened.

"Are you all submissive?" you ask. The girls nod their heads shyly. Now
that the action has stopped, they have reverted to the shy introverted
people they make out to be.

"Very well," you say, "I shall not report this on the condition that
you all report here once per week for some personal instruction on
being totally submissive. The girls look up disbelievingly. The smiles
on their faces tell you that you are in for some interesting times
before the term is over. Before the girls leave the office, you have
them all get on their knees before you and lick your pussy! The quick
lick from the four of them is enough to turn you on all over again but
now you decide to take your libido home anxious to tell me all about
this latest adventure.

(20 The Bubble Bath (missing))




(20 The Bubble Bath (missing))

21 On the Beach

It is 1 o'clock in the morning and you can't sleep. You have been out
on the beach all day enjoying the first full day of your vacation. The
sun is hot and the water warm and your body has started to unwind from
the hectic pace it maintains back in civilization. You spent the day on
the beach where your most important activity was power tanning,
something that you are committed to keep up for the rest of your stay.
You started by picking your spot. It has to be just right; near the
water, but not too close, near the bar, but not too close.

You strategically place your chair in a place where there is plenty of
scenery (of the great looking hunk kind!) Next, you open your bag and
take out 3 types of suntan lotion. Screen number 15 goes on your nose
and ears, number 7 goes on your face and number 3 goes on the rest of
your body, by the time you have 'lathered up' you are so hot that
you're dying to go into the water.

You decide to hold off for a couple of minutes to look around. The men
around you are particularly attractive. You examine each one
surreptitiously imagining yourself in one of their arms. There are
several who are obviously single and are looking around just like you.
You follow the gaze of one of them to see a gorgeous brunette
suntanning just a few feet away. She has removed the top half of her
bikini to sunbathe topless. You see that her beautiful breasts are
attracting the attention of a number of men who are trying to be casual
about where they are looking. You look around you some more to find
that most of the women on the beach are topless. You're a little
nervous. You've never been topless before and the thought of doing it
is both exciting and scary. "What the hell." you think to yourself. IF
I don't do it right away, I never will.

You quickly reach up and undo your top and in one fell swoop, bare your
body to the world. You lie back and close your eyes imagining that
every man on the beach is looking at you. Your pussy starts to get wet
and you can't remember being this horny. The heat in your body is
suddenly too much. You stand up and run for the water. The cool salt
water feels wonderful against your bare breasts, just like skinny-
dipping when you were a kid. You swim for a while before heading back
to the beach for more sun. The entire day becomes a sort of ritual of
covering yourself with suntan lotion, baking under the sun and cooling
off in the warm ocean. "This is paradise." you think to yourself over
and over.

Now it is 1 o'clock in the morning and you are staring at the ceiling.
Your legs are squirming slowly. You lay down a few minutes ago,
deciding to forego the dancing at the bar. "A good night's sleep would
be better for me," you thought.

Now, you are lying alone and your body is crying out for attention. All
the wicked thoughts you had on the beach all day seem to come crowding
back into your mind demanding attention. You remember back to the
morning when you took off your top for the first time. You remember
closing your eyes and leaning back to expose yourself to all these
strange men. Your imagination takes over as you fantasize about being
tied to the beach chair and having your eyes blindfolded.

About being helpless to prevent all those men touching you and arousing
you. One hand naturally reaches down and begins rubbing your pussy. It
is soaking wet.

Your other hand steals up to your breasts and begins stroking them
gently just the way you like it. "This is ridiculous!" you think. "I
came here to have fun and meet people and I'm lying in my room
masturbating."

You get out of bed and put on a light cotton dress. It is one of your
favorite.

It is completely backless and comes down to just above your knees. It
is a pale blue and you know that you look great in it. Your breasts
press against the fabric and your already hard nipples are pushing out
like little bell pushes.

Your body is still demanding for attention but you ignore it. You start
to pull on your panties and then stop. You decide not to wear any! Your
dress has you be decent and your body is hot enough not to want to.

You head down to the bar where a full blown party has been going on
since 11pm.

You kick off your shoes and just start dancing. The music is good and
you love it. A while later you have worked up a good thirst and you
head over to the bar to quench it. While you are sipping your rum
punch, the man next to you says hello. You look up into one of the most
perfect specimens of male humanness you have ever encountered. He is
about six feet tall, dark hair and the bluest eyes you have ever seen.
He is wearing shorts and a Hawaiian shirt and his muscular body
immediately turns you on. It is like your body goes into overdrive. The
hormones start pumping and it sounds to you like someone far, far away
is using your voice to speak to him as you answer.

After a little small talk, and a couple of dances including one
incredible slow dance where you got to press your hot body against his,
you are back at the bar.

You sit down at a table with another couple from the hotel to have your
drinks.

They are young and attractive and obviously hot for each other.

"Hey," says your friend David, "Let's take a drive over to the other
beach! There won't be anyone there now and we could go for a midnight
swim." No sooner said than done and you are all in the car heading for
the beach. It is not far and soon you are all walking along the sand
under the moonlight. The other couple wander off on their own and you
and David are walking along the water's edge hand in hand.

"This is just like I hoped my vacation would be." you tell him.

"Me too." he says. He stops for a moment and turns to you.

He leans down and slowly, sensuously kisses you. The kiss goes on for a
long time and takes your breath away. It is perfect. Your body presses
up against him and you feel his hand stroking your bare back. You can
feel your nipples pushing against his chest and you know that you want
him.

All of a sudden he stops. "Let's go swimming." he whispers. You both
throw off your clothes and run into the water, giggling like two four-
year old kids. You have a great time splashing each other and dunking
each other in the water.

After a while, you swim back to shore and flop onto your back on the
cool sand.

David follows you slowly. He kneels down in front of you looking at you
closely.

You look up at him and smile. You close your eyes and stretch your
hands above your head, offering yourself to him completely. You lie
there passively waiting for what will come next. Your breathing gets a
little fuller as your already aroused body anticipates his touch. You
feel his fingertips lightly stroke your breasts. Your nipples leap up
to greet him. They are so hard that they hurt and you pray that he will
lick them but still you keep your eyes closed.

As if reading your mind, you feel his hot, wet tongue slide over first
the left nipple then the right. A moan escapes your lips and you arch
your back, pressing your exposed breasts into him. His teeth bite down
on your nipples gently, making you beg for more. You hear him move on
the sand and then you feel his hands on your thighs, urging them apart.
You spread your legs, slowly revealing your soaking pussy. Your body is
squirming slowly on the sand. You need him, want him, desire him in
your body.

The thought that there are other people right near you on the beach
adds a sense of excitement that you have never experienced before. All
of a sudden you feel his prick touch you. You pause, every muscle in
your body is tense, waiting for him to penetrate you. The knob of is
cock urges inside your hot box and you hear yourself panting. You
strain upwards, trying to get more of him into you but he doesn't allow
it. The only contact between your bodies is the tip of his prick
separating your pussy lips and tantalizing your need. You let out a
load moan and beg him to do it.

Very, very slowly, he starts to slide himself into you, the long thin
cock gently glides its length into your body until you are feel your
bodies pressing against each other once more. You let out a long sigh,
suddenly realizing that you had been holding your breath. At first
almost imperceptibly and then slowly but steadily he starts to move in
and out of you. Your bodies hit a perfect rhythm immediately and soon
you are both lost in the sensation, pressing against each other for all
you are worth. You feel your orgasm building slowly. Soon it seems as
though you won't be able to bear it. You hold onto him and pull him
deep into you as you feel an explosion start from low in your belly and
spread up and out to consume you totally. You cry out together as he
comes as well and finally, spent, you lie there together. You open your
eyes, finally, and over your head you see a sky full of stars.

You smile contentedly listening to the sound of the waves lapping
against the shore mixed with the soft sound of David's breathing. "Life
is just perfect." you think to yourself as you drift off into a
blissful sleep.




22 In the Principal's Office

Your mind drifts back to when you were 16 years old and still in high
school.

You were well developed for your age. Your pretty athletic figure
coupled with your large firm breasts made you one of the most
attractive girls in your school. On this day in particular, you
remember being in school on a cool fall day .

You are having a lot of trouble staying awake in your math class
because of the night before. Last night you ended up going out with a
few of your more rambunctious friends. You got a little drunk and
before the night was over, you had used some spray paint on the school
wall in the courtyard. Today you're feeling a little guilty. It's not
like you to be so naughty. Usually you're such a good girl. Hopefully,
you think, this will all just fade away as a bad memory.

"Sharon!" you hear, "Are you asleep?" The sound breaks you out of your
daydream. Your math teacher is looking at you intently. "I called your
name twice!".

"No sir." you reply quietly embarrassed, "I'm sorry. I'll try to be
more attentive."

"Good," says Mr. Galbrith, "Well, you can be more attentive down at the
principal's office because I just got a note that he wants to see you."

Your heart leaps to your throat as feel a wave of panic wash over you.
Your hands are trembling as you gather your books and head down the
corridor towards the office. You go to the principal's office where his
secretary instructs you to sit down on the bench to wait. You sit down
on the hard wooden bench and wait quietly. Your mind is racing. You are
sure that the principal knows what you did last night! You have never
really been in trouble before and you feel close to tears as you think
about what will happen if your parents find out. Your palms are moist
as you sit passively, waiting.

"You can go in now Sharon." says the secretary. "You get to your feet,
nervously open the door to the principal's office and enter. The door
closes behind you. Mr. Bolden is sitting behind his desk. You put your
books down and stand in front of his desk and wait for him to say
something. He doesn't say anything for a moment but he looks upset.

Finally he looks right at you, "Well?" he says in a load stern voice,
"What do you think are done with vandals in this school." You hang your
head in shame as a blush hits your face. You don't know what to answer
but he answers for you.

"I'll tell you!" he shouts, "We call the police and we let them handle
it!" You are sniffling now, close to tears. He continues to yell at
you. Finally, he pushes his chair back from his desk. You think that he
will be standing up but he doesn't.

"You have been a very bad girl Sharon." he says in a low stern voice,
"Come here." With your head still bowed, you walk slowly around his
desk to stand before him. "Lie over my lap young lady. You're going to
be punished." Your head shoots up to look at him, your eyes wide as
saucers in disbelief. Surely he can't mean that he would spank you just
like a little girl! You shake your head almost automatically as you say
no.

His large hands shoot out to grab your wrists and before you can even
think about it, you are lying across his broad lap with you head facing
the floor only a foot away. One of his large hands is holding you
firmly at the small of your back and you feel the other start to lift
your navy blue skirt up to your waist.

You begin to struggle frantically, trying to avoid the humiliating
punishment.

"STOP IT!" he shouts in a loud commanding voice. Despite yourself, you
are still. You reach forward with your hands to steady yourself against
the floor and then you lie passively awaiting whatever he will do to
you. You have it coming, you think as your skirt is carefully tucked
into your waistband thus exposing your white cotton panties to his
gaze. A moment later, his hand begins pulling the panties down your
legs. He stops when they have reached your knees. You close your eyes,
mortified that this strange, powerful man has exposed you totally while
you remain helpless in his control.

His hand now cups your exposed bottom and you feel it gently caress
you. You turn beet red, not knowing what will come next. His broad,
strong hand now begins to smack your bottom. At first, the strokes are
very light, almost a feather touch, but gradually he begins hitting
harder. Your breathing quickens.

You can't believe that you, a sixteen year old girl are actually
receiving a bare-bottomed spanking at the hand of your principal. His
strokes are quite heavy now and you feel the stinging heat of the
spanking travel through you.

Each smack causes you to gasp and the strokes are both painful and
oddly exciting. In another moment the combination of the humiliation
and the pain in your tender bottom is too much and you start crying. A
couple of very hard smacks later and he stops. You get to your feet and
pull up your panties as quickly as you can manage.

"Oh no you don't young lady. You've been a bad girl and you're not
leaving so fast. Go over into that corner and stand there facing it."
says Mr. Galbrith.

You hesitate for a minute, desperately wanting to pull down your skirt
to cover your little girl panties. "Right now Sharon!" he says. You
blush as you walk over to the corner to stand facing it passively.

"Now get those panties down." says the principal. You close your eyes
at the humiliation, knowing that you are powerless to disobey him. Very
slowly, you start to pull down your panties while you look at the wall.
Your hot red buttocks come into view and you stop.

"All the way off." says Mr. Galbrith menacingly and you hook your
thumbs into the flimsy undergarment to follow his instructions. He
picks the panties up off the floor to put them on his desk. You are now
standing facing the corner of the room with no panties on and your
skirt tucked into the waistband thus exposing your well punished bottom
completely. You have never been so embarrassed and the silent tears
roll down your cheeks. He leaves you there for perhaps ten minutes.

It seems like ten hours with every second an eternity of wondering if
someone will come into the office to see you naked as you are.

Finally, he tells you to turn around and to lower your skirt. You do so
gratefully. The tears are over now but you feel the heat of the
spanking coursing right through your body.

"I don't want to ever hear about you getting in trouble again." he
says, "I'm not going to tell your parents about this time but if I ever
find you in here again, you will be very sorry. Now get out of here."
You grab your books and leave the office. The secretary smiles at you
knowingly and you blush yet again at the humiliation of her knowing.
You are walking slowly down the corridor back to class when you realize
to your horror that your panties are still back in the principal's
office. You know that you will not go back there to ask so,
reluctantly, you continue on back to your next class very conscious of
your naked body beneath your skirt. The rest of the day passes in a
sort of haze as the vivid memory of the spanking keeps running through
your mind.

You are both troubled and strangely excited by what has happened.
Sitting down, you feel the heat from your buttocks spreading out
through your whole body. You are sure that everyone knows and that
every boy is looking at you knowing that you have no panties on. Your
breasts are in a continual state of arousal and you go to the bathroom
to remove your bra. Your nipples are erect and you look in the mirror
to see how they poke out of the fabric. By the end of the day your
pussy is soaking wet and you are more turned on than you have ever been
in your life.

As soon as classes are over you go to the gym to find your boyfriend
Robert.

Robert is shooting baskets in the gym all by himself. You and Robert
haven't made love yet, you have been saving yourself for a special
occasion. Tonight might be the night, you think to yourself as you run
your hands over your overexcited body. You have been on the pill for a
couple of months and tonight it may come in useful. Robert sees you
right away and runs over.

"Are you the only one here?" you ask sexily.

Robert looks at you curiously, "Yeah," he says, "At least for the
moment."

You look around nervously. If he doesn't touch you right now, you are
going to scream. You reach over and grab his head your tongue snakes
into his mouth as you give him a strong, sexy kiss.

"Mmmmm," he murmurs. You feel his bulge spring up in his shorts. You
reach down to squeeze it. His eyes open wide at the touch. You have
never been so aggressive. You take his hand and pull it up under your
skirt and right onto your naked, soaking pussy.

"Wow!" he gasps as he touches you for the first time ever. You take his
hand and drag him into the boys locker room.

"Sharon! What are you doing." he exclaims You take a quick look around
to make sure you are the only ones there. You reach down and with one
smooth motion, pull off your sweater to expose your naked breasts. Your
nipples are already hard. In fact, your entire body is in heat.

You pull his shorts and underwear to his ankles in one yank and
immediately wrap your mouth around his erect organ. He throws his head
back and moans out loud as your tongue runs up and down his cock. You
slide it deep into your throat and enjoy the feeling of his flesh
pulsing inside of you. You push him back onto a bench so he is lying on
his back and you sit astride him facing backwards. You feel his hands
lift your skirt and begin to stroke your hot buttocks. It takes only a
minute before his tongue is running the length of your wet slit.

The sensation is unique and you redouble your efforts at sucking him.
Just as you are about to come you get up. You turn around facing him
and lower your body so that his throbbing cock is barely touching your
pussy. You wait for a moment experiencing the delicious anticipation.
This will be it, you think to yourself as you slide down slowly, an
inch at a time, feeling his hardness fill you completely. When you are
completely impaled you pause for a moment savoring the sensation. Your
bottom, still burning from the spanking you received earlier is
pressing down against his body. Now you begin to raise and lower your
body in an ever increasing rhythm, bouncing up and down. His large,
strong hands find your breasts and begin pulling at your long brown 
nipples.

The sensation drives your passion to the boiling point and you cry out
as your body tightens in what is the most luscious sensation you have
ever experienced.

You feel Robert's body stiffen as his come shoots deep into you in
spasm after spasm. You lean down to rest your head on his hairy chest
basking in the warm afterglow of your first love making.




23 South American Adventure

Vacation time again and this time you and your friend Natalie have
taken an "Adventure Excursion" into South America. It is a three-week
tour and the first two weeks have been incredible. You and Nat have
traveled through some of the most exotic jungle scenery in the world.
The natives have been very friendly and all in all you have enjoyed
this trip as no other. You are now on a rickety old school bus which
operates as the local version of inter-city travel. You are on your way
to the next sleepy town on your itinerary. Last night you and Nat found
a local party going on to which you were instantly invited. The local
boys crowded around, anxious to play with the two 'gringa' girls. You
shiver with delight remembering the way you and Natalie got stoned and
then, holding hands, lying side by side, you were gloriously fucked by
two of the more attractive boys. Your daydreaming is suddenly
interrupted by the bus coming to an abrupt stop.

The front door opens and two soldiers get on. They make their way
slowly down the aisle looking carefully into each passenger's face.
They stop at your seat and look at both you and Natalie. "You two off
the bus!" exclaims the soldier.

You attempt to argue but the soldier grabs you by the arm and before
you know it, you are standing at the side of the road watching your bus
disappear around the next bend. You are terrified. People have
disappeared in countries like this, you think.

The soldiers refuse to answer your frantic questions. Instead they
handcuff your hands behind your back and you and your friend are
bundled into the jeep to return in the direction you came from. An hour
or so later, you and Nat arrive back in the small town of last night.
The soldiers bring you to the local garrison and into the office of
Colonel Ortega. He is an attractive but stern looking man sitting
behind a large desk. He looks up as you enter.

"Good afternoon ladies." he says in a deep voice, "Do you know that we
have severe penalties in our country for people who use illegal drugs?"
Now you are very nervous. You know that smoking dope in a foreign
country is a stupid idea and you mentally kick yourself for doing it
last night. Natalie tries to explain but the colonel cuts her off. "Do
you have more of these drugs with you?" he asks.

You tell him that you do not.

"We shall see." he says, "Please remove all of your clothing." You
hesitate for a moment but you realize that there is little choice. As
embarrassing as it will be to undress in front of these strange men,
the alternative is too dangerous to consider.

You look over at Natalie and she is blushing furiously as she quietly
unbuttons her blouse. You hang your head submissively and start to
remove your white cotton shirt. As usual, you are not wearing a bra and
the soldiers whistle appreciatively as your firm white breasts come
into view. Your jeans are next leaving you in only your flimsy bikini
panties. As Nat removes her skirt, she reveals her long tanned legs and
her sheer silk panties. The colonel smiles at the sight.

"All of your clothes if you please." he says.

You are both beet red at the humiliation of having to do this but you
both bend down to remove your last piece of protection. The colonel now
instructs you to clasp your hands behind your head and you both do so
thus exposing yourselves completely to him and the other soldiers. He
stands up and moves around his desk for a better look.

"You will have to be searched completely for this contraband." he says.
He looks back and forth between you and Nat comparing your smaller firm
breasts with Natalie's large ones. Your nipples have gotten hard
despite yourself and you are mortified to see him looking at them
carefully. You glance sideways at Nat and see that her long pink
nipples have extended themselves too. Although you should be scared for
your life, you find yourself at once scared and oddly turned on by the
situation you are in.

The colonel looks at Natalie "You first, I think." he says. One of the
soldiers takes her and pulls her into the next room. The colonel walks
around you carefully examining your body. You feel him stroke your
exposed bottom with his rough hand and you jump at the touch.

"Sensitive?" he asks. You nod your head. "This is the part of the body
that naughty girls have punished in my country." he says. You close
your eyes at the thought of your bottom being spanked just like a
little girl. Your hands are still clasped behind your head and the
colonel takes advantage of your well-presented breasts to squeeze them
next. Your eyes snap open to see him pulling on the nipples with his
large strong hands. You moan softly as he pulls them both out as far as
he can before releasing them. The door opens and Natalie reappears. Her
face is beet red and she avoids looking at you as she stands back in
front of the colonel and places her hands back behind her head.

The soldiers take you now and pull you into the next room. There is a
table here and you are pushed onto it on your back. You are sure that
they are going to fuck you but you are wrong. Two soldiers hold your
legs wide apart while the other sits between your legs. You feel his
fingers parting your sensitive pussy lips and sliding two fingers deep
into you. Your hips jumps reflexively at the penetration and you are
embarrassed that the soldier finds your pussy so wet.

His fingers slide in and out of you a few times and then one slides
deep into your bottom. You let out another moan as he roughly
lubricates your bottom.

Now they stand you against the wall and one of the soldiers begins to
take pictures of your naked body while the others place you in a
variety of exposing positions. It is very embarrassing to expose
yourself so wantonly but also strangely exciting. As soon as the
pictures are done, you are brought back in the room where the colonel
is now playing with Nat's long nipples. You stand back beside her and,
as instructed, place your hands back behind your head.

The colonel sits down again, "You know, we could have you put into
prison for a long time but I am in a benevolent mood today. I shall
give you a choice. You may go to our jail here for an extended stay in
our fine country or you may accept to be punished immediately for your
crimes. I assure you that you will not find this punishment
comfortable. It will begin at the hands of the woman in charge of
female prisoners with the kind of spanking little girls receive from
their mothers. It will end with you back here punished by me and my men
in a more personal manner. You may choose but choose now."

You and Natalie look at each other. The alternatives are not pleasant
but you can see there is little choice. "We'll be punished by you." you
tell him.

He smiles at your answer. He barks a few short words at the guards and
you and Nat are pulled right out of his office still stark naked! They
bring you down along a busy corridor while everyone laughs at you and
Nat as they do so. You have never been so embarrassed. The men whistle
as you pass and you feel a few hands reach out to fondle your exposed
breasts or buttocks. At the end of the corridor you are brought into
another office and told to stand and wait. A side door opens and a
large severe looking woman enters the room. She smiles at you as you
stand at attention but her smile has little warmth in it.

"You first." she says pointing at Natalie. Natalie shuffles forward and
the woman handcuffs her hands in front of her. The woman sits down in a
straight backed chair and pulls Nat over her lap. She gives a soldier
some instructions and he bends down to fasten Nat's ankles to a bar
about three feet long. Her legs are thus spread wide apart exposing her
pussy and anus to you. You see that her pussy lips are puffed out as
though she is sexually excited and her pussy is glistening wet. The
woman takes a black leather strap and lays it gently on Natalie's
buttocks. You see Nat shiver as she lays there passively.

The spanking now starts. At first the strokes are gentle but gradually
they increase in intensity as the sharp report of the leather against
Natalie's sensitive bottom rings out over and over again. The spanking
continues until Natalie is crying and her bottom is a bright red. You
are trembling, you are so nervous. You know that you are next. The
woman lays down the strap now but she doesn't let Nat up yet.

You see her hand rubbing Nat's bottom feeling the heat. Her fingers dip
down between her legs and you see two long female fingers slide slowly
but deeply into Natalie's wet pussy.

They come out glistening and one then the other is gently slid deep
into Nat's exposed bottom. Nat lies there passively as her most
intimate opening is penetrated by this strange woman. The woman reaches
down now and takes a long string of beads. She pushes the beads one by
one into Natalie's now lubricated bottom until they are all inserted.
The last six inches of the string dangles from her bottom. The ankle
restraints are now removed and Natalie stands up beside you. She has
stopped crying but her tear streaked face is testimony to the severity
of the spanking. Now it is your turn.

Your hands are fastened as Natalie's were in front of you and you are
pulled over the woman's lap. The feeling of her nylons against your
naked skin is strange and you have never felt as helpless as at this
moment. Your face is about a foot from the floor and you reach out your
hands to steady yourself. You feel the woman's hands caressing your
buttocks as the soldier pulls your feet wide apart to attach to the
ankle restraints. It is oddly exciting to be so exposed to this woman
and the soldier behind you. Your soaking pussy and sensitive ass are
completely exhibited. You feel the warm leather strap gently stroking
your white bottom.

All of a sudden the woman starts to spank you with the strap and at
first, just like Natalie, the spanks are almost gentle, and certainly
not painful. The spanking continues to get harder and harder until each
smack of the leather brings a sharp sting to your bottom. You can feel
the stinging heat travel through your rump directly to your pussy and
your juices start to flow. The spanking is even harder now and you can
feel the tears come to your eyes. A moment later the spanking stops and
all you can feel is the heat of your buttocks rising from you.

You feel the woman's cool hand caressing you and then her fingers
touching your wet slit. The sensation is at once exciting and
humiliating. Her long thin fingers slide easily deep into you and you
are unable to contain a gasp at the feeling. You too feel her finger
lubricating your buttocks and then a string of beads is slowly inserted
into your ass. You feel each one as it pushes past your sphincter and
into your body. The feeling of the string hanging between your legs is
very strange as you stand once again beside Natalie.

The soldiers take you out of the office and back down the crowded
corridor this time at a much slower pace. The men and women laugh at
your red bottom and you feel many a smack on your sensitive rear before
you are led into another room.

You and Nat are blindfolded and you feel yourself being pushed onto
your back on a cold table. You hear Natalie being put in the same
position next to you. Your hands are attached to the head of the table
and your knees are fastened wide apart. The soldiers leave and for a
few moments there is silence.

"Are you OK Nat?" you ask in a whisper.

"Uh huh." she whispers back, "How about you."

You hesitate a moment before you reply. "I'm alright. That spanking
sure hurt but you know it's funny. It kind of turned me on."

"Yeah," says Natalie, "Me too."

You both hear the door open and you stop talking. The sounds of at 
least two people move around you. You hear Nat gasp and a moment later
you feel rough fingers pulling sharply at your nipples. You gasp also
as they are pinched hard and pulled up, away from your body. The
fingers continue to toy with your nipples, pulling them and squeezing
them until you feel you could come from the stimulation of your tits
alone. You feel one nipple being pulled hard away from you and then you
feel the cold metallic pinching of a nipple clip fastening on it. The
other nipple immediately undergoes the same treatment. You are left for
a moment to savor the piquant feeling of your nipples being pinched
hard and then you feel the fingers of your tormentor at your pussy.

His rough workman hands are pulling your wet pussy lips with his
fingertips, stretching them far apart until it is a little painful
before he lets them go.

Your pussy is now dripping its juices more or less continuously and you
hear Natalie moan softly next to you in response to her 'treatment'. 
Now you feel the pinching feeling of clips on your pussy lips as they
are pulled wide apart and fastened there to display the pink interior
of your slit. You hear a low hum and a moment later the feeling of a
vibrator touches your clit directly. You cry out.

Your body has been overstimulated for ages and this is too much. You
feel your hips straining upwards despite yourself as you attempt to
press against the vibrator. Natalie's cries of passion now mingle with
yours as she suffers the same fate. Your tormentor seems an expert.
Whenever you are close to coming, he stops and lets your writhing body
wait until it has calmed down. Your entire body is begging to be fucked
and you know that you won't be able to stand it much more. The heat in
your buttocks from the spanking combined with the constant stimulation
of your nipples and pussy is driving you crazy. You feel hands
squeezing your breasts and pulling at the tight nipple clips. Now the
vibrator slides slowly and deeply into your hot, wet box and you moan
out loud at the exquisite feeling.

You know you are about to come as never before when all of a sudden you
feel the string of beads being pulled gently from your bottom. You had
completely forgotten about them but now your entire being is focused on
the sensation. You feel the first bead at the entrance to your anus as
steady pressure from the string holds it there in the most sensitive
spot. You feel your body start to shake as you begin to come. Your
pussy tightens on the vibrator and your ass tightens on the first bead
as a little tug pulls it from your body. The release of the bead
provides enough stimulation to push you over the edge and you cry out
in pleasure as you peak. The vibrator continues to play with you and
you feel the second bead being pulled from you. You peak again at the
sensation as your entire body, now bathed in a sheen of sweat thrashes
up and down in your bonds.

"I'll never survive it. There must be twenty of those beads," you think
to yourself as the third causes yet another orgasm. You surrender your
body totally to the sensations. Dimly, as if in the distance, you hear
Natalie crying out with pleasure as she gives herself over totally to
the orgasms wracking her body. It seems a lifetime before it is over
and when it is you lie there weak with the effort. Your body is totally
spent.

Your blindfold is removed and your bonds untied. You need the support
of the soldier as he leads you back to the colonel's office. You no
longer care that everyone is looking at your naked body. They bring you
and Nat back into the office where the colonel is sitting. You realize
that you have no idea who saw you or who touched you or who did what to
your body. The colonel is smiling. He holds up a videotape and looks at
you both.

"Your punishment is complete." he says, "However we will be enjoying it
for some time to come."

You are given your clothes back but before you can dress, you are
brought right outside into the open and hustled back into the jeep.
Still completely naked, you are driven almost all the way to the next
village before they let you out of the jeep and leave you there, naked
at the side of the road. You and Nat sit down on the grass beside the
road and lie back, exhausted. A few minutes later, you raise yourself
up on one elbow. You look over at your friend, lying on her back still
completely nude. Her breasts are gently rising and falling with each
breath. You have never really allowed yourself to think about it before
but she really turns you on.

"Nat?" you say tentatively. Her eyes open slowly and she looks right at
you.

You don't exchange words, you just look at each other. It is as though
she is reading your mind. She rolls over and pushes you back as her
lips reach yours.

The kiss is like none you have ever experienced. Your tongues mingle
back and forth as your passion rises yet again. Natalie swings herself
around so that her head is between your legs which you spread
willingly. You pull one of her legs over you so that you are in a
perfect 69 position. As her tongue glides easily into your pussy your
lips suck her clitoris into your mouth. You mirror her every action,
knowing that she feels exactly what you do as you bring each other to
another peak of ecstasy.

It is two exhausted but smiling girls who finally reach their hotel
that afternoon walking down the road hand in hand.




24 Submission in Suburbia

It is Friday night and you have spent the evening spending a bunch of
money. A couple of your credit cards have flattened themselves out in
your effort to buy some exciting purchases. Your shopping spree is now
over but only because all of the really great stores have already
closed. You have been all over town. The fun started when you went out
looking for some sexy lingerie to turn me on with and ended up getting
turned on yourself instead. Now your arm holds several bags. From the
local department store, you have one bag containing a couple of very
daring teddies and some sheer silk panties. Another bag hold the
hottest dress you have ever considered. It is completely backless and
has a plunging neckline that goes almost to your navel. The slits up
the side make sure that your entire thigh will be exposed at the
slightest movement. You were shy wearing the dress alone in the
dressing room. You can't imagine what it will be like to wear it in
public.

Some of your other parcels contain even more interesting purchases. One
bag holds the latest in bondage magazines. You know that it is my
favorite and you got it for me despite your embarrassment at walking
into the sex shop for it.

While you were there, in fact, you got a few other items. One is a new
vibrator complete with raised ribs. This item looks like it will out
perform your old one without even turning on. The other box contains
Ben Wa balls. You have always been curious about them and now you are
determined to find out what all the excitement is about.

The cars in the parking lot have pretty much cleared out and you can
see your car over in the distance. As you start to walk towards it, you
hear a whistle behind you. Your head snaps around, startled at the
sound. There are four teenage boys standing there. They look pretty
tough in their leather jackets.

They call out to you but you ignore them and walk quickly towards your
car.

Thankfully, they don't follow.

You unlock the driver's door and throw your bags in ahead of you. It is
not until the door is locked behind you that you breath a sigh of
relief. All of a sudden, the passenger door opens and one of the young
boys jumps in. You open your mouth to yell at him when he holds up his
hand and looks very intense, "Don't say ANYTHING!" he says in a low but
dangerous voice. A moment later, the boys have opened your door and
pulled you out of the car. They stand in a semi-circle around you. You
are terrified. The eldest looks about seventeen years old but they all
look tough. It is the older one who speaks to you.

"If you do exactly as I say, you won't be hurt." You nod your head
slowly. He smiles at your immediate obedience.

"Turn around." he says. You turn around to face the car. "Lift your
skirt and show us your panties." You hear the boys snicker as you reach
down to lift your skirt to your waist.

He makes you stand like that for a moment, exposing your lacy white
panties in the middle of the parking lot before he tells you to cover
yourself. You feel him pulling your wrists behind you and then you feel
the cold metallic snap of handcuffs closing over your wrists. The boys
push you back into the back seat where you sit in between two of them.
One boy slides behind the wheel and starts the car.

You drive slowly through the city heading you know not where. The two
boys in the back seat keep touching your helpless body. You feel them
squeeze your firm breasts and one hand slides slowly up your thigh to
touch your warm mound.

Although the entire experience is terrifying, you are also a little
turned on.

Twenty minutes later you are in a basement of an office complex. The
boys sit you down on the floor in the middle of a circle composed of
'the gang'. There are about twenty kids here. They range from about
fourteen years old to maybe seventeen. At least a third of them are
girls and they all look like they're tough. You look over at a nearby
table where your purchases are being opened.

You close your eyes.

'Oh no!', you say to yourself, 'What will happen when they look through
some of those bags.' You haven't got long to wait.

You hear squeals of delight from the girls who pull out your lace, see-
through teddies and hold them up for everyone to see. One of the boys
holds up your new vibrator and everyone laughs. One of the girls
reaches up to stroke it and then looks right at you and smiles. It is
the most disconcerting movement you have ever experienced.

The Ben Wa balls are next and you see one of the boys playing with
them. You know now that you are in for an experience that is not to be
missed. You can feel you pussy getting wet and you are sure that
eventually these kids are going to get around to discovering that.

You look up to see that the eldest boy is looking through my bondage
magazine and keeps looking from the magazine to you. You blush and look
down as he catches your eye and smiles. He leans down close to you.

"Do you like playing the games in this magazine?" he says softly. You
look right at him. You find yourself unable to lie to him,

"Yes." you say in a near whisper. He smiles again.

"Then we'll play a game." he says. Your heart sinks as you think about
your helplessness. He pulls you to your feet. They bring into one of
the offices on this floor. It is a well lit conference room and
contains a number of comfortable chairs and a large table in the fully
carpeted room.

"Get up on the table." says the boy. You are assisted in standing up on
the table. Two of the boys jump up as well and remove your handcuffs.
Your hands are not left free, however. They are immediately re-attached
to the ceiling of the room leaving you helpless. You can see the leader
of the gang giving instructions to the other kids. Now two of the girls
get up on the table and one pulls out a large pair of scissors. She
starts to cut away at your blouse. It doesn't take long and the garment
has been removed from your body. You are wearing a lacy bra today and
this is much easier. She cuts the straps and undoes the bra to let it
fall to the floor. Your breasts spring free and in your position, you
are unable to cover them. Everyone stops for a moment to admire them.

Despite yourself, your extra-long nipples are already hard and the
older boy (David) tells one of the girls to pull on them. You feel her
fingernails as her fingers slide along your stretched breasts to grasp
the sensitive nipples. She twists them slightly and then slowly pulls
them out, away from your body, pinching hard at the same time. You
close your eyes and moan at the sensation.

She stops and you feel one of their hands at your waist.

The clasp to your skirt is undone and one girl slowly undoes the zipper
completely. The skirt falls in a puddle at your feet leaving you in
only your white silk panties. You know that the panties are going to
come off next and show these kids your shaven pussy. You hope against
hope that it won't happen even as you feel one of the girls move behind
you and slide her fingers into the waistband of your panties. She
starts to pull them down and lowers the back half of them to uncover
your buttocks. She turns you around to show the group the smooth white
skin of your bottom. The other girl gives you a playful smack on one
cheek. They turn you around again so that you are facing the group. You
know what must come next. The girl is kneeling down behind you.

She reaches around you and grasps the edge of the silk in her
fingertips. The room seems to hold its breath as she lowers the garment
one centimeter at a time. Ever so slowly, your long, smooth slit is
revealed until you are finally completely exposed to these kids. The
panties are pulled off and you open your eyes to look down at your
audience. Your shaved pussy is of the most interest.

You know that your pussy is already very wet. Your juices are clearly
evident on the puffed out pink lips of your slit. One of the girls
reaches down and runs her finger into your lips to wet it. She reaches
up to her mouth and licks her finger, tasting you as she giggles.

You feel your feet being pulled apart and they are fastened with ropes
about three feet apart. You are now completely exposed to you
tormentors. David is sitting down watching you be fastened.

"I'm going to leave you here with my friends for a few minutes so they
can play with your beautiful body." he says. "Don't worry about my
missing anything though. We are videotaping your entire performance."
He points out the video camera in the corner of the room. "When I come
back, I am going to give your pretty little bottom a spanking and then
we are going to see what you look like when you come. I think your new
vibrator should get a good workout don't you?"

He chuckles to himself as he walks out of the room.

The rest of the kids don't waist any time touching your body. A
blindfold covers your eyes and you surrender yourself to the sensations
running through you. It feels like a hundred hands are on you at once.
Tiny, soft hands are pulling apart the sensitive inner lips to your
pussy while larger, stronger fingers are playing with one nipple. The
other nipple is in the mouth of one of the kids who licks and then
bites in a maddening rhythm. You feel other hands stroking your arms
and legs. Four hands gently spread apart your soft buttocks so that
your ass is more fully exposed. You feel a long, thin finger sliding
into your pussy and then a smaller finger covered in oil sliding into
your bottom. Your body is squirming in its bonds as the young
tormentors play your body like an instrument. They seem to know what
they are doing, however, because whenever you are close to coming, they
stop, and leave you hanging. You feel your body building slowly to an
incredible orgasm.

All of a sudden, all the hands stop and you are left hanging there,
quivering with excitement. Your blindfold is removed and David is
standing in front of you. He holds up a leather strap that is made
specifically for punishing and looks at you.

"Have you ever had a spanking before?" he asks.

"Yes." you reply.

"And did you like the spanking?"

Again you nod your head.

"Do you want a gentle spanking or a hard spanking?" he asks quietly.
You don't reply for a moment. Your head is a jumble of thoughts and
your body is going crazy at the same time.

"Hard." you whisper as you close your eyes. You can't believe that you
revealed yourself to him so completely. David hands the strap to
someone standing behind you and you hear is whistle through the air
just before it hits your bottom. The spanking is fast and furious and
is very hard. You are crying at the end of it and your bottom feels
like its on fire. The strapping stops and you hang there exhausted.
Gradually, the heat moves from your buttocks into the rest of your body
and more directly, into your pussy. The pain fades away to be replaced
with your burning sexual drive. Your pussy is so wet that your juices
as dripping down your legs. You feel someone touch you there and you
look down to see a very young girl pulling your tender pink lips apart.

You are suddenly embarrassed that you, a grown woman, are so wantonly
exposed to these children. The embarrassment turns you on even more.
You look down again to see another girls sliding the Ben Wa balls into
your pussy. The metallic balls are cool and you feel them like a weight
in your body. The sensation is strange yet stimulating.

David puts his hands on your bottom to feel the heat. His hands feel
wonderfully cool. The hum of your vibrator starts up and you look
around to see one of the girls holding it. She rubs it around her own
body first and you see her slide it under her skirt. She closes her
eyes and moans as the artificial cock touches her. When she pulls it
out from under her skirt is wet with her own juices. She holds it up to
your mouth.

"Lick it." she says. Your tongue darts out to touch the vibrator and
you savor her taste as your mouth accepts the vibrator sliding into it.
The blindfold is reattached over your eyes.

A moment later, the wet instrument is playing with your hard, sensitive
nipples.

You are more and more aroused now. Your whole body is straining in the 
ropes as you pull yourself towards the vibrator. You desperately want
to come. The metallic balls in your pussy are still very present to you
and their presence has turned you on in a way that you didn't think
possible. It is as though you are getting an erotic massage deep in
your body. The vibrator continues to play across your body.

You feel David's now naked body in front of you. The tip of his hard
cock is barely touching your drenched pussy and you strain forward in
an attempt to have him in you. He lets the large knob of his organ
slide easily into your pussy, but he holds himself there. You want to
pull him into you but he holds you. He is in control here. All of a
sudden his hands slide behind you to grasp your hot buttocks and he
pushes his length deep into you. The Ben Wa balls still fill you and
the sensation is incredible. The vibrator is still playing with your
hard nipples as David starts long slow thrusts of his entire length
into you. You cry out at the intense sensation.

The vibrator moves lower down until you sense that the girl is sitting
directly under you. You feel the vibrator on the stretched out lips of
your shaved pussy.

You have never felt anything like this and you cry out again. She moves
the vibrator around until it is between you, it touches the hood of
your clit and the top of his cock as it slides in and out of you now in
a fierce rhythm. You feel your orgasm start to build from very low in
your body. Your hands pull desperately at the ropes holding you and
your toes curl at the feeling. You let out a gasp, then a moan and
finally you cry out loud as your passion begins to boil. David is
coming too and you reach a climax together, thrusting your bodies at
each other in a wild frenzy. It is too much for you and you pass out.

You wake in a daze a moment later. You are exhausted. The kids untie
you from the ceiling and lead you back to your car. One of the kids
drives as you lie in the back seat, still completely naked. You can
feel the Ben Wa balls deep in your pussy but you don't even have the
energy to reach down to take them out.

They leave you with a deliciously full feeling. The car stops and the
young boy jumps out. You are alone. You have no clothes but you have
little choice.

You get behind the wheel and, still bare, you drive slowly home. I am
waiting for you at the door and I can't believe my eyes when I watch
you walk in without clothes on. The sight turns me on right away. You
walk into the house and into the living room. You lie in the middle of
the floor on your back and you look up at me. "I'll tell you what." you
say, "If you reach down and into my pussy and take out the Ben Wa balls
that are in there, I'll tell you a story that will turn you on like
nothing you have ever heard."

You slowly spread your legs wide apart and I reach down to do as you
ask. Then I sit down between your legs and gently stroke your wet, pink
pussy as you start to tell the story.




25 Andrea in Trouble

You have an enjoyable evening in front of the fireplace with your
husband one cool winter night. You drink wine and tell dirty stories of
your past. Your husband is obviously turned on. All of a sudden you
feel very drowsy and you can't keep your eyes open. You fall asleep.

When you awake, you are in an unfamiliar basement all of your clothes
have been removed and you are tied with your hands stretched above your
head to the beams of the ceiling. Your bare feet barely touch the cool
cement floor. They are also tied about a foot apart. "You've been
naughty Andrea." you hear a man say, "Now you must be punished."

Your heart starts to race as you listen to this man. Where is your
husband? Did he find out about your affair with George?!? And WHAT does
he mean about punishment? You are completely immobile. All of a sudden,
you feel a warm slippery finger sliding slowly into your bottom.

Your pussy begins to gush. You can't believe how turned on you are but
you are very afraid to show it. The man stops his ministrations with
your behind and ties a blindfold across your eyes. You hear the door
open and the scent of another person assails you. Your palms are
beginning to sweat.

Cold hands begin to caress your stomach and your breasts. You are
longing to have your nipples pinched. You begin to moan and move with
the caresses to the extent that your bonds allow.

'There are at least 2 people', you think to yourself. One of them has
large, rough hands. It is obviously the man who tied you up. The other
hands, however, are smooth and cool. They could easily be the hands of
a woman. The scent of her is everywhere. All of your senses are
assailed at once. You feel the hands all over your body. The rough
hands are now rubbing your soft buttocks while the other pull at the
small brown curls between your legs. The hands move up your body and
you feel the man reach around from behind you to cup your breasts and
hold them up as if for display. Long fingernails slide along the smooth
skin of your breasts and grasp your nipples. They squeeze, hard, and
pull the nipples out and away from your body. You can't help but let
out a little moan.

The hands leave you now but your body continues to writhe. You are
begging to have them touch you again. You feel a silk scarf behind tied
around your head and you open your mouth to allow them to gag you. Now
you are truly helpless.

You hear a switch and then the low hum of a vibrator being turned
on..... As the vibrator begins to travel up and down your back you hear
the door open again. A voice says, "That may not be the best thing to
gag her with. Where are her underpants? I think she should get a taste
of what she has been giving away."

You throw yourself against your bonds but they only pull tighter to
your body.

The vibrator has moved to your breasts now sending little electric
shocks to your pussy. Your gag is being removed and you scream protest
to what you think will happen next.

The vibrator has moved down to your feet and is massaging your soles. A
warm, wet mouth encloses your big toe and you begin breathing in short
shallow pants as something is inserted in your mouth and the gag is
retied over the strange tasting bundle in your mouth. The voice says,
"We are going to train you to love that taste. Someday you'll beg for
it. All for my pleasure."

You can't believe the sensations of pleasure unleashed in your body by
that warm mouth sucking on your toes. The licking of your toes stops.

You feel the rope that holds your right foot being untied. You feel the
same thing being done to your the left foot. For a moment you can
actually support all your weight on your feet. You are very relieved
but concerned that it will not last for long. The rough hands grab your
left foot and you feel the softness of a woman's hands slip the foot
through what feels like a loop of nylon web. It is push up to about
your knee and then you feel the same thing happening to your right leg.
Before you know it you have both your legs in a harness that is sort of
like a pantie except it is like nothing you have ever even imagined.

As the contraption is pulled up to your waist you feel a leather strap
being wrapped around your waist. The sides of the nylon loops are
tightly secure to the leather strap drawing the harness tight to your
gushing pussy. As it firmly comes to rest against your pussy you notice
it is NOT nylon. Rather it is a soft rubbery almost skin like material
with little nubs that stand out from it like the needles on a cactus.
They are not so sharp as to pierce your skin but you definitely know it
is there! You still hear the vibrator humming away as the rough hands
cup your breasts and begin to pinch your nipples. The gag is removed
from your mouth.

Meanwhile you hear the vibrator getting closer as you feel a soft hand
run a finger along your lips. You reach out with your tongue and lick
the finger which is quickly replaced with the vibrator. It is short,
about 6 inches but very thick. The women asks, " Do you like this?, how
would you like this deep inside you?"

You feel your knees getting a little weak at the thought of that thick
dildo inside you but before you get a chance to ponder that your left
leg is taken and pull far to the left so that you are left balancing on
your right foot, hanging from the ceiling. You can hardly stand it but
then again you are very clear you have no choice. The hands on your
breasts have not stopped and your pussy has been soaking whatever that
is strapped to it. You now feel the soft hands of your female captor
lightly scraping her fingernails across the inside of your left thigh.
She starts at the knee and slowly strokes towards your pussy. But each
time she stops just before she gets to it. It is more than you can
stand.

The hands on your breasts, the sensations on your thigh, the precarious
position you find yourself in. Your body is writhing and you hear
yourself begging to be touched on your pussy. They just laugh. You
plead with them to touch you there, to make your pussy stop itching.
You feel the intensity of there attention become lighter and lighter
until you scream: " STOP TEASING ME!!! PLEASE, PLEASE MAKE ME COME. I
WILL DO ANYTHING JUST PLEASE TOUCH ME."

You feel a medium size rubber ball shoved into your mouth and as a silk
scarf is tied around your head to keep it in place, the woman says, "
You will get what we give you, and that is all!! Now I don't want to
hear a another peep out of you."

The rough hands grab your right leg and pull it to the right just as
fall as the left on is so that you are hanging from the ceiling by your
hands with both your legs extended at 45 degree angles about 8 inches
off the floor. You feel the woman reach down to your pussy and flip a
switch and all of a sudden the rubber thing between your legs comes to
life. It starts vibrating with an intensity your are certain you will
not be able to stand for long. You feel your stomach starting to
contract as the orgasm starts to build. You feel the burning in the
insides of your thighs as the tension starts to build. As your get
closer and closer you feel both of them rubbing their hands all over
you. Your are tensing all over as you are about to come. Suddenly,
NOTHING. The vibrator stops. The hands are withdrawn.

And you are hanging there your feet wide apart on the edge of the
biggest climax you ever had, and NOTHING.

All you can hear is your own breath whistling through your nose. All
you can feel is the restraints on your hands and feet and the pounding
of your heart.

There is nothing else. You fight the restraints, you squirm about
trying to rub your pussy against the butterfly vibrator strapped to
your pussy. It is all to no avail. You struggle but you know it is no
use. Suddenly you hear the hum of the vibrating dildo. You feel the
strap on the left side being undone and the left side being let down.
The air feels cool on your now exposed pussy. You feel the head of that
thick dildo being shoved slowing into your pussy.

You feel another one, not so thick, but thick enough to take your
breath away, being slipped up your bottom. The left strap is re-
attached, holding both the fully inserted dildos in place. They are
both turned on, so is the butterfly between your legs.

Your interrupted orgasm has started building again. Their hands are all
over you and still you want more. They remove the gag and you start
begging for more. You are hanging in this basement with a vibrator in
each of your orifices and one right against your clit. You pussy is
gushing and you want more. "MORE, MORE MAKE ME FEEL MORE, PLEASE,
PLEASE I BEG YOU MAKE ME FEEL MORE" "You are being punished, or don't
your remember?" "Oh yes I remember, it's just that I am SOOO CLOSE,
PLEASE PLEASE JUST A BIT MORE, I AM ALMOST THERE" Again, just as you
feel the edge approaching it stops!! The dildos are removed leaving you
feeling open and even more exposed than before. You scream: "NO, PLEASE
NO. I'LL DO ANYTHING JUST PLEASE LET ME COME. PLEASE." It starts again.
This time they are not touching you, merely watching you squirm in your
bonds as you get closer and closer.

This time as your orgasm approaches you try to hide it, but they are
not fools and see it immediately. Again it stops, and as you hang there
your whole body screaming for release you open your mouth to beg for
the relief you so desperately need and the ball is shoved back in your
mouth.

Your blindfold is removed and you find yourself looking at Julie, one
of your neighbours! This, however, is not the Julie you know. The Julie
that you usually do your shopping with is a shy, pretty blonde with a
trim but petite athletic figure who could never harm a flea.

This Julie is another story. Her long blonde hair is tied up and away
from her face in a tight pony tail. She is wearing high heeled black
leather boots and a black silk teddy but little else. Her look is
definitely no-nonsense and you find yourself unable to hold her gaze.
She smiles at your helpless condition but the smile contains little
warmth. She holds a riding crop in her right hand. It is a black
leather riding crop about 2 feet long and is topped with a large silver
knobbed handle. You are sure its not going to be used on the horses.

Julie reverses her grip on the crop and starts to caress you with the
silver handle. You feel the cold metal glide across your breasts and
belly. When it touches your bare slit, she slides it deep into your
drenched pussy. You gasp and rise up on your toes. The crop is slid in
and out in long strokes and in a moment you find yourself pushing down
on it, trying to get more of it into your pussy. Julie slides the dildo
out of your body and holds it up to your face.

Your gag is untied and you find yourself sticking your tongue out to
lick the wet silver handle. Julie lets you suck it into your mouth and
you lick it hungrily.

Now she takes it out and starts walking around your body. You have
never been so hot and you plead with her to touch you. "Oh yes," she
says, "I'll touch you."

You feel a stab of panic in her tone and all of a sudden the crop
whistles down on your tender bottom. You cry out at the stinging
sensation. She strikes you again and again. Her blows are directed
right onto your bottom and she continues the punishment until you feel
that your bottom is on fire. Your legs are still attached about two
feet apart. And being punished while in this helpless position has
turned you on even more. Julie moves around you to strike your breasts
lightly. The strokes are not hard but they sting nonetheless. She moves
back around behind you and for a moment nothing happens. You are
hanging in your bonds, present only to the sensations running through
your body. The anticipation is driving you crazy......

You feel your buttocks parted again and the smaller dildo is inserted
again in your rear. From behind Julie reaches between your legs and
reinserts the dildo for your pussy. When they are both deeply seated in
your body, she turns them on and they start to vibrate. You won't be
able to hold out for long. The crop strikes your oversensitive bottom 
and you cry out. You are experiencing sensations in a way you thought
was impossible. The vibrators in both your holes are vibrating against
each other and now you feel Julie's gloved hand reach around to stroke
your soaking clit. She pulls herself against your back and you feel the
rear vibrator pushed in even deeper by her body. Her other hand reaches
the vibrator in your pussy and she starts pulling and pushing it in
long deep strokes. It is the final straw.

Each breath is coming in a gasp, you are unable to talk but you can cry
out. You do so again and again and again as wave after wave of orgasm
washes over you.

You are begging her to stop and begging her to continue. It seems to on
for hours but in fact is probably only a few minutes.

When Julie finally lets you go, you hang, limply in your bonds. You
feel Julie's wet gloved hand grasp your chin and lift your head so that
you are looking right into her eyes. Her voice is barely a whisper,
'After a come like that, your life will never be the same.'

Julie's voice is low but intense, 'I am going to be taking charge of
your sex life for a while. Would you like that?'

You feel your heart leap to your throat. You are at once very nervous
and very excited. You are barely able to believe it when you hear
yourself say 'Yes!'




26 Life in the Wild West

Although you were skeptical at first, now that we are on the plane,
heading to Colorado, the idea of a dude ranch seems kind of attractive.
I have spent the last few weeks showing you brochures and talking you
into the idea of spending a week in the Wild West riding horses and
breathing the clean mountain air. The pressures of work have been
unbearable and the thought of spending time back with nature is too
good to pass up. The plane ride is a couple of hours long and we have
two seats next to each other on the half empty plane. You immediately
snuggle up next to me and I put my arm around you. Once we have taken
off and are cruising on our way, I reach around you to fondle a breast.

"Mmmm," you murmur. We haven't had time to think about sex for awhile
and the caressing is appealing. With my other hand I reach out and undo
the top button of your blouse. Then the second. At the third button,
you start to get nervous and as I reach for the fourth button you
instinctively reach up to hold your blouse closed. I take your hands
and gently hold them behind your back as I loosen the fourth button. I
reach in and gently pull at both of your nipples. As I do so, your
breasts are exposed to the air.

"Arch your back." I whisper. Despite yourself, you arch your back to
more fully offer your breasts to me. I reach down and bite each nipple
hard and then I release you. You reach around and draw your blouse
closer together then you go to do up the buttons.

"No," I say softly, "Don't do up the buttons, leave them open. You are
nervous but you do as I ask. Your breasts are covered but the cleavage
you now present goes all the way to your navel. In a way it is more
exposing than being naked.

Every once in a while I reach over to caress you again. I play with
your full breasts or I slide a hand up under your skirt to discover
your ever increasing wetness or I simply reach over to stroke your hair
or your neck. The constant stimulation continues to turn you on until
you are literally sitting in a puddle of excitement.

By the time the plane lands you are ready to make love right in the
airport but instead, we pick up our bags and get on the ranch bus. I
have allowed you to do only the bottom two buttons of your blouse and
you blush red as men stare openly at the expanse of flesh is exposed.

The bus ride is not long. There are 2 other couples with you and you
notice that they are young and attractive, not at all the old retired
types you expected.

The ranch itself is also a pleasant surprise. The decor is modern and
comfortable and your room contains a huge bed as well as a well
equipped bathroom complete with hot-tub. 'This is going to be better
than I imagined.', you think to yourself as you unpack.

I arrive in the room a moment later and you immediately slide your
horny body up against mine. You have been turned on all day and you beg
for me to allow you some release. I smile at you as I stand you up.

"Not yet." I say in a mischievous voice, "Don't you want to do some
horseback riding?"

"Uh uh." you say, "I want a different kind of ride."

I'm still smiling as I pull you out of the room and towards the
stables. You follow reluctantly. You are still wearing your light blue
skirt and your blouse is still revealingly opened to show more than you
are comfortable with. The stables are well appointed and you admire the
various horses as we look around.

One of the stable hands introduces himself as Jim.

"Are you ready to go sir?" he asks me. You look at me questioningly.
Evidently, something has been planned here in your absence.

"Sure." I say. Four horses are led out and I refuse to answer any of
your questions.

"But I'm not even dressed to go riding." you protest.

"Shhhh," I reply. The horses are saddled up and Jim and what must be
his girlfriend mount up. I help you onto a pretty mare and instruct you
to sit, not sidesaddle as you would have liked but astride the horse
thus placing your naked pussy directly on the leather of the saddle.
The warm leather immediately gets slippery with the juices of your
overexcited pussy. We start out across the empty plain towards the
nearby hills.

The feeling of the pommel of the saddle rubbing against your hard clit
is driving you to distraction and you have difficulty concentrating on
Jim's steady patter describing the wilderness around you. After about
an hour, you come to the hills and shortly after that Jim and his
friend Peggy come to a stop beside a little stream in a clearing. The
scenery is beautiful. You are truly away from everything here. You get
off your saddle, careful not to let anyone see that you are wearing no
underpanties and you sit down on the grass to relax. Your mind is
really on one thing and one thing only; Sex. You see Jim removing the
saddles and letting the horses relax also and a few minutes later, you
are all sitting in a circle on your saddles passing the canteen around
for a drink.

"So," says Jim, "this is your submissive lady." You choke on your
drink. Peggy is looking right at you and smiling.

"Tell me." she asks, "What have you made her do?"

"Well," I say, "First of all, she is not permitted to wear underclothes
of any kind. Secondly, I have had her submit to strange men and have
exhibited her in public. She has had her pussy shaved, her nipples
clipped, her bottom spanked and has been a slave to both men and
women."

"Mmmmm." says Peggy. She stands up and looks down at you. She is
wearing a chamois shirt and jeans and has leather riding boots on her
feet. In her right hand is her riding crop. You feel your heart skip a
beat. She is petite but she looks severe and her presence scares you.
You know that you will have little choice but to obey everything she
asks of you. Your hot pussy is very present and you hope that she won't
discover it.

"Roll over on your belly." she says. You roll over on your saddle so
you are face down. Your feet and hands are touching the grass but your
bottom is raised and presented to your audience. You feel a tremor run
through your body as you realize that you are helpless before her. You
feel the leather of her crop slide up along your naked calf and catch
the hem of your skirt. Very, very slowly, she raises the crop and pulls
your skirt higher and higher until it has uncovered your long tanned
thighs. The skirt continues to rise, now revealing your white tan line
and the curve of your buttocks and then finally comes to rest in a
puddle around your waist. The crop now strokes your long legs
carressingly.

"Spread them." she commands and you hesitantly let your legs fall open.
She encourages them further and further apart until you are completely
exposed. The tip of the riding crop explores the hot wet slit of your
pussy and then stops.

You hear Peggy sit down and you wait, passively, lying across the warm
leather of your saddle with your bottom upraised and completely
exposed.

The three of us continue to talk about you as I describe some of the
situations you have been put in. Your face blushes red as I describe
what parts of your body are most sensitive and what particular
variations you enjoy. Peggy is very interested to hear that you have
long nipples that love nipple clips and that you enjoy being spanked
hard.

"Stand up." you hear Peggy say. You stand up before her thankfully
allowing your skirt to fall and cover you again. Your respite is to be
short-lived, however.

"Off with those clothes." she says. Your fingers are trembling as you
remove your blouse and skirt and stand with your head bowed awaiting
your next instruction. Peggy leads you over to a nearby tree and
attaches your hands together in front of you. The end of the rope is
thrown over a convenient branch and you feel yourself being stretched
upwards. She takes the opportunity of your helplessness to pinch your
sensitive nipples with her gloved fingers.

Your ankles are tied next so that you are spread eagled in front of us.
Peggy stands behind you and begins running her hands across your body.
She reaches around to squeeze your breasts. You moan out loud at the
sensation. One of her leather gloved hands runs down your belly to
stroke your pussy. The feeling of the cool leather rubbing across your
clit has your whole body twitch and she does it again and again until
you are about to come.

She walks around to in front of you now and you look down to see that
she has a branch of nettles in one hand. You close your eyes, hoping
that the nettles aren't for you. Of course they are. You feel the
prickly frond rubbing gently across your left nipple. It is already
hard but the irritating nettles cause it to get so tight that it aches.
The right nipple undergoes the same treatment and although the rubbing
of the nettles stops, their stimulation continues.

Immediately you feel an itch in your nipples that you are begging to
scratch.

Your body squirms in its bonds and your pussy begins to gush its
juices. You feel Peggy playing with your shaved slit and the tiny sting
of the nettles touches your delicate pink pussy lips.

She pulls back the hood of your clitoris to make sure that it gets its
fair share too. The stimulation is too much for you.

You are now panting in short ragged breaths and your whole body is
straining at the ropes which bind you. You open your eyes to see Jim in
front of you. He is not wearing any clothes and his cock is large and
thick. You look up at him and say, "Please."

He smiles as he comes closer. You feel the tip of his cock touch your
wet pussy and he allows just the head to slide inside you. You hold
your breath waiting for him to thrust into you, to fill you up. Peggy
has moved behind you and all of a sudden a searing pain strikes your
bottom. You body is driven forward and impales itself deeply on Jim's
cock. The riding crop strikes again and the hot pain thrusts you
forward again onto the unyielding hardness of Jim. The strokes set the
rhythm as Peggy drives you forward again and again. Your bottom is
burning hot by the time she is done and you are crying out with every
thrust of Jim's body into yours.

Jim holds himself deep in you without moving. You feel him reach around
behind you and grasp one of your hot buttocks in each of his large
rough hands. He pulls them apart to reveal your hidden hole and the
next sensation you feel is Peggy's cool finger as she lubricates your
bottom. Her finger slides in and out of you and again she sets the
rhythm of you pushing yourself onto Jim's cock.

Her finger pulls out and you feel the head of my cock at your tiny
entrance.

Very, very gently I slide into you until you feel my belly pressing up
against the heat in your bottom. You are more filled than you have ever
been before in your life. Your hypersensitive nipples are still
stinging slightly from the nettles as they press into Jim's hairy
chest. Your soaking pussy is stretched to the limit by Jim's thick
organ and your hot bottom is penetrated by my cock. You feel the two
organs pushing and pulling in alternate strokes. As I push in, Jim
pulls out and as I pull out, Jim pushes in.

Your body takes up a steady rhythm between us as your hips push harder
and harder forwards and backwards trying to get more of us into you.
You turn your head to the side to see Peggy with a camera taking
pictures but by this time you don't care. Your orgasm starts from the
tips of your toes and the depths of your belly. You start to scream out
loud at the feeling, letting yourself be consumed by it, letting it use
you and your body as you reach a peak and collapse into our arms.




27 Special Reform School for Girls

It was 3 o'clock in the afternoon when Lori arrived at the "Special
Reform School for Girls". She was understandably nervous. The
excitement and fear of coming to this place had been building for
weeks. It had been almost a month ago when Lori's parents had sat her
down for an important talk. Lori remembered it like it was yesterday.
She and her sister Roxanne had just received her weekly "punishment"
from mom and dad. Her bottom was stinging hot and her 16 year old pussy
was hotter especially after the "pussy spanking" from Mom.

"Lori," her father said, "You're 16 years old now and your mother and I
would like to discuss something with you. We think it is time in your
development where you should be disciplined by someone from outside of
your own family. You know that we believe that someone with the proper
upbringing can go far in this world and therefore, we have enrolled you
into the "Special Reform School for Girls" for 3 weeks of study. As you
can imagine from the name, they specialize in discipline."

Lori's heart was pounding as her mind began to conjure up images of
punishments to be received. 'What would it be like?', she wondered, 'to
be spanked by a stranger! "You will be going there on the 15th of next
month," her father said, "and you're younger sister will follow you the
week after for 2 weeks of study."

Lori started to tremble at the thought of what would happen to her
while she was there. The next three weeks were a jumble as Lori tried
not to think about her upcoming trip. On the last night the family had
its usual "punishment" session and Lori's was particularly long and
exciting. Her mom and dad told her that they would be driving her to
the special school tomorrow and that tonight she and her mom would be
packing her things.

"You won't need much." said her dad, "They'll be providing everything."
His face held the hint of a smile but she wasn't sure why. When her mom
packed Lori's case, Lori was surprised that it contained so few
clothes.

"You won't need too much dear." she was told. Her clothes for the next
day had been all laid out. She was to wear a light cotton sundress that
was backless.

She was to wear shoes and panties but no bra was allowed. It was almost
a sleepless night for Lori.

She couldn't get the strange and exciting thoughts out of her head.
Being punished was not unknown to her. Her parents had been spanking
her for years but she had never been punished by a stranger or in front
of a stranger and the thought of that happening was at once
embarrassing and exciting.

The car pulled past the gate and into the courtyard. It would hold
perhaps 30 students when full. The building was old and slightly
forbidding. Lori shivered slightly as her mom and dad pulled up to the
door. The three of them went inside and were quickly ushered into the
office of the principal. Mr. Walson's office was very large. It had two
leather chairs in front of his desk and Lori's parents sat down in them
leaving her to stand submissively between them. They were not to wait
long. Mr. Walson entered a couple of minutes later.

"Good Afternoon." he said, "I won't keep you waiting long. Simply sign
these release forms turning Lori over to our care for three weeks and
allowing us to discipline her as we see fit. Lori's felt her heart
racing. Her palms were moist and she was sure that everyone could see
her trembling. A few short minutes later it was done. Lori was now
officially in the care of this strange institution.

"We'll see you in three weeks, Honey," said her mom. Lori quickly
kissed her mom and dad good- bye .

"Wait here Lori while I see your parents out." said Mr. Walson. When he
returned he accompanied by an older woman. She was a matronly type with
dark hair streaked with grey. She had a no-nonsense look about her and
her piercing gaze made Lori immediately bow her head to look at the
floor.

"This is Miss Paltir." said the principal, "You will be in her charge
while you are here."

"Follow me Lori." said the woman and Lori dutifully followed her
upstairs into a large tiled bathroom. The room was overlarge and more
than a little foreboding. Lori took a moment to look around. There was
a counter and sink off to the left and some cabinets on the far side.
Commanding the center of the room was an old fashioned bathtub. Off to
the right was a doctor's examining table.

The sight of the metal stirrups made Lori shiver again.

Miss Paltir now turned around and Lori looked up to see that what she
had been doing was setting up a video camera! Lori's eyes widened as
Miss Paltir approached her. "Your entire stay here will be recorded."
she said, "Now, I am going to prepare you. Come over here." Lori moved
over beside her and, as instructed, stood up on a small platform about
one foot high beside the bathtub.

"Remove your shoes." said Miss Paltir. Lori did so now feeling the cool
feel of the platform against her bare feet.

"Now the dress." said the stern woman. Lori pulled the cotton sundress
off over her head leaving her in only her white cotton panties. Her
hands went naturally to cover her breasts but Miss Paltir wouldn't
permit it.

"No, keep those hands down." she said. A deep blush hit Lori's face as
she lowered her hands. Her pert teenage breasts were now on display for
this strange woman. Despite herself she could feel her long brown
nipples getting hard. Miss Paltir staring right at them and Lori could
see her smile slightly as she watched them stiffen.

"Place your hands behind your head young lady." she said and
reluctantly Lori did so. The older woman now reached over to grasp the
waistband of the young girl's panties. Very slowly, she pulled on them
removing her last defense.

Lori's smooth white bottom and tan line were revealed and then her
triangle of brown hair was uncovered. A moment later, Lori was naked.
Lori was mortified as the video camera continued to impassionately
record her ordeal.

"Turn around Lori." said Miss Paltir. Lori obediently turned full
circle allowing Miss Paltir to further examine her now naked body. When
her bottom came into view, Miss Paltir instructed her to pause for a
moment. Lori felt the cool hands of the older woman stroking her
buttocks. "Mmmm perfect for a spanking." she murmured to herself. Then,
to Lori's horror, her buttocks were spread wide apart by the woman thus
exposing her most intimate opening.

A moment later, Lori was instructed to continue to turn around until
she was facing Miss Paltir again. Lori's hands were still behind her
head, submissively offering herself to the woman. Leaving Lori in this
position, Miss Paltir now drew a hot bath and filled the tub with
bubbles. When the tub was full, Lori was told to get in it. She was not
to be permitted to touch herself, she was told.

Miss Paltir began to wash her, paying particular attention to her
sensitive 34B breasts and between her legs. Lori couldn't stifle a moan
as Miss Paltir's soaping hands lingered over her pussy. When she was
finished and had been dried in a huge bath towel, she was led over to
the doctor's examining table. Her heart began to race faster as they
approached.

"Up on the table Lori." she was told. Slowly, she got up on the table
and lay on her back feeling the paper crinkle under her. Her feet were
put into the cold stirrups and fastened there with cloth straps. Then
the stirrups were adjusted far apart to completely expose her. Straps
were attached to her wrists and these were pulled above her head and
clipped to the top of the table.

Lori was left like this, completely helpless and totally exposed. She
started to tremble with the anticipation of what might happen next. She
was getting more and more turned on and she knew that her pussy was
soaking wet by now.

As though reading her mind, Miss Paltir looked down and said, "You're
going to get an enema young lady. Have you ever had one before?"

"Yes Miss." said Lori in a meek little girl voice.

Miss Paltir moved down now between Lori's outstretched legs. Lori felt
her long cool fingers touching her there. Her sensitive inner lips were
pulled apart to show the hot, wet interior. Then they were pulled back 
to expose her hard little clit. When Miss Paltir touched it, Lori's
hips jumped and she moaned softly.

Again Miss Paltir smiled. Lori now watched as she took a tube of
lubricant and applied a liberal amount of it to her finger. She
shuddered thinking about what was about to happen to her.

As Miss Paltir approached her again, Lori turned her head aside, not
daring to look. The cool touch of the lubricated finger on her anus
caused her to clench her pale buttocks but the stirrups kept her open
and vulnerable to the ministrations of her mistress. The long slender
finger slid slowly but firmly into Lori's hot bottom. Lori let out a
moan as the finger buried itself to the hilt in her sensitive ass.

Nor was Miss Paltir content to let her finger lie idle. It started
moving in and out, slowly building a steady rhythm as Lori's hips
started moving up and down of their own accord. The finger slowly
withdrew leaving Lori now breathing heavily.

The next sensation was the feel of the enema nozzle as it slid slowly,
but deeply into her. The warm rush of water followed immediately after.
It seemed to continue for a long, long time. Lori felt her stomach
getting tighter and tighter as the water filled her. It was soon
complete. As the enema nozzle was removed, Miss Paltir quickly replaced
it with a butt plug.

"Mmmppff," said Lori. She had never had such a device in her before. It
was about 4 inches long and thinner in the middle than at the end. When
it was inserted into her, it took her breath away as her anus was
stretched over the unyielding plastic. Then her ass clenched over the
thinner part of it and it was in. Miss Paltir looked up at her. Lori's
face was flushed and she was breathing in short ragged breaths.

"I'll be back in a few minutes." she said, "You need time to leave the
water in." She left the room quickly leaving Lori still attached to the
table. Lori was helpless and particularly vulnerable. She felt a dire
need to go to the bathroom but the butt plug prevented it. The butt
plug itself was holding her ass open but tight. It was the most unique
feeling she had ever encountered and she moaned out loud as she pulled
at her bonds. Every second seemed like an eternity as she waited for
Miss Paltir to return. In reality it was only 5 minutes or so but it
seemed to Lori to have lasted forever. When she returned Lori had
expected that she would be immediately released but it was not to be
so.

Miss Paltir again positioned herself between Lori's outstretched legs.
Lori looked down to see her begin to remove Lori's brown patch of pussy
hair with a razor.

"Oh no... Please don't." she whimpered, pleading.

Her cries fell on deaf ears as Miss Paltir quickly and expertly removed
all of her pubic hair thus leaving her more exposed than ever. When all
the hair had been removed, Miss Paltir massaged the entire area with
warm oil, paying particular to her sensitive lips and the tight bud of
her anus. The constant touching of Lori's pussy kept her on the verge
of orgasm but the experienced woman would not allow it.

Soon it was done. Miss Paltir loosened her bonds and led her over to
the toilet and had her sit down before reaching between her legs to
pull out the butt plug.

Lori was embarrassed but relieved as it was removed. She was not left
by herself however. Miss Paltir stayed there, watching everything as
did the ever present video camera. Lori had never been so humiliated.

She was soon cleaned up and Miss Paltir finally decided that she was
"ready".

Lori wasn't sure for what. Leather cuffs were attached to her wrists
and ankles and another thinner one around her neck as a collar. She was
told that they would remain on for her entire stay to remind her of her
status. She was given a thin cotton robe to wear. It was not much more
substantial than a hospital gown.

It came down to just below her buttocks and as she looked down she
could see that her brown nipples were clearly visible through the thin 
fabric. She was not permitted any underwear or even shoes. Her hands
were fastened behind her back and she was then led out of the bathroom
and back downstairs to the study.

The study or library was an interesting room. It was filled with
leather chairs and opulent surroundings. In the center of the room was
what looked like a vaulting horse from school. Lori suspected that's
its use here was probably very different. Over to one side was the ever
present video camera. As she was led into the room, she saw Mr. Walson
again. He was sitting in a comfortable leather chair as she approached.
He looked her up and down carefully. Lori's face was still flushed from
the constant stimulation she had had over the last hour. Her pussy was,
she knew still moist and hot. She was embarrassed to be on display like
this in front of a stranger and she found herself unable to look Mr.
Walson in the eye.

"Remove the gown." he said suddenly in a deep and stern voice. Lori
felt a stab of fear strike her stomach. Miss Paltir reached over and
undid her wrists and then in one quick motion pulled the robe over her
head leaving her again completely naked. Her hands were once again
fastened behind her leaving her now naked and exposed in front of Mr.
Walson. Her shaved pussy was now being seen for the first time and her
hot pussy juices were clearly visible on the protruding lips.

"Have her over the bench, if you please Miss Paltir," said the
principal. Lori felt herself being pulled over the leather vault. Her
bare belly and breasts pressed down hard on the cool leather. Her
wrists and ankles were stretched out taught and attached to convenient
clips in the legs of the vault. Her ankles were pulled apart and once
again she blushed as she was exposed to Mr. Walson and the camera.

She felt the rough fingers of Mr. Walson at her rear and a moment later
one was sliding into her bottom, covered in lubricant. Lori's toes
curled as the finger worked its way into her. It was soon removed and
replaced by a larger plastic intruder. It felt just like the butt plug
that had recently filled her behind.

This one was, however, different. Mr. Walson reached down and turned it
on. The rectal plug began to vibrate, sending incredible sensations up
into Lori's already oversensitive body. Lori cried out at the feeling.

She looked behind her and saw that Mr. Walson was holding a leather
crop. Lori closed her eyes at the sight. The sound of the crop
whistling through the air came just before the searing pain of it on
her behind. The strokes were quick and hard and it only took a couple
before tears were streaming down Lori's face.

She opened her eyes and saw Miss Paltir right beside her stroking her
face.

Behind her Mr. Walson was stroking her bottom. The sensations were
overwhelming.

The vibrating plug in her anus, the hot stinging sensation in her
buttocks and Miss Paltir who now reached over to begin tugging at
Lori's long, aching nipples. Behind her Mr. Walson inserted two fingers
deep into her pussy as he began toying with the anal vibrator. It was
too much.

Lori's whole body tightened and she cried out loud as her orgasm
started from the tips of her toes and raced through her. Her pussy was
on fire and she could feel herself bucking against the bonds as she
came. Her ass clenched on the vibrator and her pussy tightened on the
penetrating fingers as she came again and then again in the most
intense sensation she had ever encountered in her sixteen years. As she
calmed down, she began wondering if it would be like this for the
entire three weeks!




28 The Training of Nicole

It was about 7 o'clock and everyone else had already gone home for the
night. As usual, I was still at the office putting in a 12-hour day.
Tonight, however, I had planned a special treat. A young girl I know
only 18 years old was on her way over. She was not aware of what the
plans for the evening were but she knew that it was me who was going to
decide, not her.

Nicole is a pretty girl, 18 years old, blond hair. She has a body kept
trim from jazz ballet and aerobics. I had met her about a year before
and had quickly come to know that she was submissive. She had only lost
her virginity that year, I discovered and was relatively inexperienced.
However, after reading a couple of my stories, she had gotten hotter
and wetter than she had ever been in her life.

The thought of being bound and helpless before me was a real turn on
for her and I was the only man she knew who was dominant in that way.

She arrived at the office right on time at 7:30. I was sitting at my
desk and she looked just like a little girl as she peered around the
corner of the door to my office.

"I'm here." she said in a hesitant voice.

"Come in Nicole." I said. She moved slowly into the room. She stood in
front of me not knowing whether to sit or stand and I ignored her for a
moment, letting the anticipation build. I minute or 2 later, I stood up
and walked around my desk.

"Stand absolutely still." I said. She did so and I noticed her
breathing quicken. I walked around her slowly looking carefully at her
body. She was wearing a yellow dress that came down to just above her
knees. The dress was backless and it was obvious that she was wearing
no bra as requested. Her long tanned legs seemed to tremble a bit as I
stood behind her for a moment.

"Place your hands behind your head." I said. She did so. I went over to
the chair in front of my desk and sat down.

"Turn around Nicole." She turned to face me. Her face was already red.
"I will require that you be completely obedient tonight." I said. "Will
you be a good girl?".

"Yes Sir." she told me.

I smiled quietly. I didn't say anything for a moment and I could see
her getting more and more excited wondering what I would do next. I had
instructed Nicole to wear no panties that evening and I was about to
check. I think that standing in front of me in just her dress in such a
submissive posture made her very nervous indeed. I had never seen her
naked and this would be the first time.

"Come over here." I said. She walked over to me with her hands still
firmly clasped behind her head.

"Turn around." I told her and she began to turn full circle in front of
me.

When she was facing away from me I told her to stop. This seemed to
excite her even more. Not only did she not know what was coming next
but she also could not see it.

I waited again, letting the anticipation build, then I reached down and
grasped the hem of her dress. I lifted it slowly, slowly, slowly,
letting her feel every inch as it crept up toward her waist. As
instructed, she was wearing no panties.

Her smooth white buttocks came into view. I tucked the hem into the
waistband of her dress leaving her bottom in plain view.

"Cross your hands behind your back." I said. She did so and I tied them
there with a piece of cord. I then stood up and pulled a straight
backed chair into the middle of the room.

"Come over here." I said, sitting in the chair, "You are about to get
an old-fashioned spanking. Nicole's grew wide at the thought. She
hesitantly shuffled over to me and bent over my lap. I adjusted her so
that her bottom was perfectly presented for her punishment.

"Spread your legs Nicole." I said. She spread her legs about 6".
"Wider." I said. She gave a little whimper and spread her legs wider
apart. I smiled.

I began to spank her and I could hear her gasp with every stroke. I was
not hitting hard. This was more a warm up than a punishment and it was
certainly having the desired effect. When her bottom was a rosy pink I
stood her up again and marched her to the corner of the room. I stood
her in the corner and made sure that her nose was pressed right into
the corner of the office. I untied her hands and told her to raise them
above her head. I reached down and lifted her dress right off her in
one smooth motion. I then had her hold her hands in front of her so her
bottom would be well displayed. I left her there for about 15 minutes
while I completed some work on my desk. It must have seemed like 15
hours to Nicole.

Finally, I stood up and left the room. I arranged the conference table
in the next room to be ready for her. I attached straps to the legs of
the table and placed a jar of Vaseline and a small butt plug on the
corner. I had not brought nipple clips so I took two paper clips from a
desk and left them there as well.

I went back into my office and took another moment to look at Nicole.
She was breathing heavily. Obviously the whole experience of the
spanking and of being so exposed had excited her.

I moved up behind her and reached around to attach a blindfold over her
eyes.

She moans softly and I knew she was turned on. I then turned her around
and took a step back. This was the first time I had seen her naked and
I looked carefully at her.

"Clasp your hands behind your head." I told her again. She did so, thus
exposing herself totally to me. She had a beautiful body. Her B-size
breasts were firm and topped with thick pink nipples that would be
perfect for the paper clips. Her pussy was as blond as the hair on her
head and it was not plentiful.

She didn't know it but she would not have any before the end of the
evening.

"Spread your legs." I said. She did so and I reached down to stroke her
pussy.

It was already soaked. She couldn't contain a moan and when I took my
hand away she whimpered,

"Please don't stop." I smiled again. I tied her hands in front of her
and led her from my office and down the corridor. She was very nervous
since she couldn't see what was happening or even if we were alone.

I led her to the conference room and placed her beside the table. I
helped her to lay back on the table so that her ass was just over the
edge. I quickly tied her in position. Her knees were bent and tied as
were her ankles so that she was spread wide apart. Her hands were tied
to the opposite side of the table so that her breasts flattened against
her body. I reached down and flicked at the nipples until they were
hard as a rock and she was moaning. Now I moved down between her legs
and sat down on a chair. I was right in front of her soaked pussy.

"What does this feel like Nicole?" I asked her. She had read the first
5 stories of my series and the position she was in was very deliberate.

Her voice was just like a little girl's as she answered, "Like I'm at
the doctor's being examined."

I reached down to grasp the sensitive inner lips of her pussy. I pulled
them out and wide apart until she was as exposed as possible. She
gasped as she was spread open. I pulled just a little more until it
must have been just a little painful. I watched her toes curl at the
sensation. I held her there for a moment, letting her wonder what would
happen next. I bent down and very, very gently blew warm air across her
hard little clit.

"Oooooo." she moaned. I let go and stood up. Now I moved back over to
her side and got the paper clips. They were not strong enough to hurt
her, but she would definitely know they were there. I pulled her
nipples hard while I attached them. The sensation of the clips drove
her wild. She was pulling at her bonds and moaning constantly at the
stimulation. Now, I moved back between her legs and took the Vaseline.

"Have you ever had your bottom penetrated Nicole?" I asked.

"No." she said.

"Not even by a finger?" I asked her.

"No Sir, not by anything."

I sat down again and took a generous amount of Vaseline on my finger.
She jumped at the cool touch of it on her pink anus and I slowly slid
the lubricated finger into her. She was hot and very tight. As the
finger slowly filled her bottom, I heard her moan. I did not let the
finger stop moving. For several minutes I slid it in and out. Several
times I added more lubricant. Her pussy was really soaked now and the
juices from it trickled down her crack to add to the lubrication.

Her hips were moving up and down to the rhythm and I knew that if I
kept it up she would eventually come this way.

I removed my finger and picked up the butt plug. It was not a large
one. It was about 4" long and like most butt plugs, thicker in the
middle than at either end. It had a "T" shape at the end so as to
prevent it from disappearing inside of her. I touched her anus with the
cool plastic and she started to moan.

"MMMmmmm, What is it?" she asked as I introduced the plug into her
slowly. Her whole body tightened as the thickest part of plug entered
her and then it was in. The feeling of being held open by the plug
excited her immensely. It was now time for her shaving.

I took a pair of scissors and gently removed the bulk of her curly
blond hairs.

I then took a towel that had been soaking in warm water and laid it
over her pussy to soften the hairs that were left. She gasped at the
heat. I waited a few minutes and took advantage to play with the plug
in her bottom and the clips on her nipples. Her hips were moving up and
down from excitement and I told her to not move. I took the towel away
and covered her pussy in shaving cream. Taking a Bic razor, I neatly
and quickly shaved the entire area right down to her anus.

She was so turned on by this point that she didn't care.

When I was finished, I reached up to remove her blindfold. I held a
mirror between her legs and let her look at the job. She could see her
naked pussy lips and lower down the white plastic of the butt plug
still inside of her. Her face turned red from embarrassment. She closed
her eyes and let her head fall back. I smiled again, her training was
proceeding perfectly. I reached down and slowly rubbed baby oil into
her now shaven pussy lips. I pulled them and lubricated them and made
sure that every part of her was slippery. She was close to coming and I
knew that she deserved it.

I reached down and pulled her lips wide apart just like I had earlier
and then bent down to blow softly on her hard little clit. She was
moaning louder and louder now and, finally, I bent down to pull her
clit into my mouth. My tongue flicked back and forth and she began to
scream as she came. I didn't stop as her body pulled frantically at the
ropes, I continued to keep her coming and coming as I licked and sucked
her little clit.

A little while later, she was unbound and back in my office standing in
front of my desk. I was sitting at my desk just looking at her. She was
looking down submissively and I knew that it had been a good first
session. I had her describe the entire evening's session and tell me
exactly what she had liked and disliked. She told me that the most
exciting and the most humiliating part had been the shaving of her
pussy. I liked that. She also informed me that she was surprised at
herself that she had enjoyed both being spanked and having her bottom
penetrated. I listened to all of her comments before giving her
instructions.

"You are to wear no panties tonight or tomorrow." I said. "Also,
tomorrow before you go to school, you are to insert the butt plug and
wear it until you arrive here tomorrow afternoon. I will remove it for
you. You are to keep your pussy shaved from now on Nicole. It is a
symbol that you are submissive."

"Yes, Sir." she said meekly.

"Alright," I said, you may go."

"Sir?" she said.

"Yes?"

"Thank you Sir., that was the most exciting moment of my life."

"Good Night Nicole." I said as she walked out the door.




29 Lori and Roxanne Meet at the Special School

It had been a full week since Lori's arrival at the Special "Reform
School for Girls". She had experienced seven of the most unbelievably
exciting times of her life. Most exciting of all was the countless ways
she had been disciplined. Lori was no stranger to being spanked by her
parents but here she had been punished in a variety of ways, each more
exciting than the last.

As she woke up today and began arranging her room for "inspection," she
began to wonder what today's activities would bring. Her clothing was
simple and the same every day. She was allowed to wear a light cotton
dress that came down half way to her knees. It had buttons that went
all the way down the back and allowed the garment to be quickly removed
or opened. Like all the other girls there, Lori was allowed neither
panties or bra. Her feet were also kept bare. The feeling of being
barefoot seemed to Lori to be more submissive than everything else. "I
wonder what they'll do to me today?" wondered Lori aloud. The thought
began to get the 16 year old girl excited. She could feel herself begin
to get hot and wet and it was only morning!

The door opened and Miss Paltir walked into the room. Miss Paltir had
been in charge of Lori's development since her arrival. Lori
immediately assumed her 'submissive position'. She got down on her
knees and spread them wide apart. Her hands were clasped behind her
head with the elbows well back. Lori's eyes were cast downward
submissively.

"Good Morning, Lori," said the stern older woman.

"Good Morning, Miss," replied Lori. This was the way that every morning
had started since the first day. Lori's submissive nature was being
reinforced until it became second nature to her. The sexual excitement
that she felt at being this way was all part of the training her
parents had sent her here to receive.

"Come with me Lori." said Miss Paltir. Lori quickly rose to her feet
and followed the older woman out of the room, padding barefoot behind
her. She was led into what she had come to know as the "preparation
room". It was a small room attached directly to the large salon where
all of the training sessions of Lori and the other girls took place. It
was here that the teenage girls undressed and were prepared for their
sessions. Often they had leather cuffs and collars attached. Lori had
twice been brought in here to prepare other young girls and had
assisted in undressing them and putting their cuffs on. She had once
been ordered to lubricate the bottom of a pretty fifteen year old girl.
She remembered that as one of the hottest experiences of her life. Just
walking in here caused Lori's heart to beat faster. She could feel her
juices begin to flow as her pussy got uncomfortably warm.

"Remove your dress Lori." said Miss Paltir. Lori pulled the thin
garment over her head.

"Turn around." said the older woman. Obediently, Lori turned until her
back was facing her stern guardian. Lori heard Miss Paltir moving
behind her and her anticipation grew as she wondered what would come
next. A blindfold suddenly covered her eyes and was attached in
position. Her hands were pulled behind her and tied so that her right
wrist was attached to her left elbow and her left wrist attached to her
right elbow. It was not uncomfortable but it forced Lori to arch her
back thus presenting her naked breasts more prominently. Even her pussy
was pushed forward by the position. She imagined what she must look
like with her hard pink nipples pressing outward and her smooth shaven
pussy lips prominently displayed. Her pussy was already wet and she
imagined her master or mistress looking down to see the hot juices on
the smooth lips of her slit. The thought made her hotter still.

She felt the long cool fingers of Miss Paltir pinching and pulling at
her nipples, making them harder still until they ached to be touched.
Lori couldn't contain a moan at the sensation. Now the hand moved
slowly down Lori's belly all the way to her pussy and sliding into her
to find her wetness. Lori blushed at how wet she was. The hand stopped
touching her and Lori was left to stand still for a moment. She could
feel her anticipation building.

She heard the door open and a large, rough hand took her by the arm and
led her into the main salon. She followed obediently, still
blindfolded. She had no idea who was in the room today. It might have
been only the principal, Mr. Walson or it might have been full of
people. She had no way of knowing! She was led across the carpeted
floor and told to stand still. She stood there quietly wondering what
would happen next and feeling herself get wetter and wetter. With her
arms crossed behind her, she was totally exposed and displayed for
whoever was in the room. It was not a long wait, perhaps five minutes
and she heard the door to the side room open again. Someone walked
towards her and she heard Mr. Walson telling someone to stand still.

Now Lori felt long cool fingers touching her breasts. Her nipples were
still hard and Lori moaned softly at the touch. The fingers grasped her
left nipple and pulled it out from her body. Lori felt the cool
sensation of a nipple clip being attached to her body. It pinched her
firmly. She could not contain a moan at the delicious sensation. Her
other nipple was soon also in the grips of the pinching device. From
just in front of her Lori heard a sharp intake of breath and a soft
moan as the girl in front of her had nipple clips attached to her own
nipples.

Lori now felt a hand moving down her belly to stroke her now, soaking
pussy. She moaned again and then blushed as she heard the moan of the
girl in front of her.

They were obviously undergoing simultaneous treatment! Lori's pussy was
so wet that her juices were literally dripping down her thighs. She
knew that with her back arched like this, her pussy was wantonly
displayed, covered in her juices.

She felt two fingers slide deep into her hot pussy and she pushed her
hips forward against the intruding hand. The girl in front of her was
now moaning continuously.

Lori, now heard the voice of Mr. Walson, "Alright, now attach them." he
said.

The fingers were removed and Lori felt herself being pulled forward.
Her nipples were pulled by the clips and she suddenly realized that her
nipple clips were now attached to the girl in front of her! She could
feel the girl pulling gently on them and the feeling was incredible!

"Spread your legs girls." said Mr. Walson and Lori and the other girl
obediently did so. Lori had never been so embarrassed. She had no idea
to whom she was now attached or who was now sharing the identical
sensations to her! A hand reached between Lori's legs and she felt the
soft plastic of a dildo being pushed into her pussy.

Lori bent her knees slightly to allow them easier access to her. The
feeling of the dildo was strange until Lori realized that it was also
attached to the other girl! It was a long double dildo and the girls
were now impaled on either end of it.

As if that were not enough stimulation for her, Lori now felt her
buttocks being spread apart by the anonymous fingers of someone in the
room. A long, slim finger gently lubricated her bottom. Lori could feel
the girl in front of her shifting as squirming as the same was being
done to her. Now the finger was removed and Lori felt the much thicker
sensation of a butt plug being inserted.

It pushed in slowly but firmly and continued to press inward until she
was completely filled. The hand controlling this intruder continued to
work the plug in and out slowly forcing Lori forward on the dildo in
her pussy until her shaved lips pushed against those of her companion.
They were shaved too!

The two girls were soaking and the sensation of being filled and
grinding against the other girls pussy was electric! Lori was now
whimpering as she took in short ragged breaths. She knew she was close
to coming and she also knew that it would be unlike anything she had
ever experienced.

The anal dildo was pulled out for a moment and when it was reinserted,
Lori now felt something new. There was some kind of hot lotion on the
plug! The sensations coursing through her body were now everywhere. The
nipples were being pinched by the clips, her pussy was both filled to
capacity and her hot clit and shaven pussy lips were grinding against a
strange girl's. Her anus was held open and was being stimulated by the
sting of hot lotion. It was becoming too much and, to make matters
worse, (or better!) every sensation she felt was magnified by being
able to feel the reactions of the girl in front of her.

Lori felt the person behind her pulling her shoulders gently backward
to increase the tension on her nipples. Lori knew she wasn't going to
be able to hold out much longer. Hands reached up to undo her blindfold
and now Lori opened her eyes to look ahead at who she was attached to.
It was her sister Roxanne! Rox looked as stunned as she was, but
neither of them cared, Lori was humping forward as hard as she could
and she leaned back feeling the bite of the clips on her nipples as she
began to come. Rox was coming too and they cried out with one voice as
their orgasms reached a peak. Again and again they came while pushing
against each other. Lori felt her sister's body shake and tremble as
another wave of orgasm hit her again. It seemed to go on forever.

Finally it was over. Lori's legs felt like rubber as the butt plug and
the double dildo slid out of her. The nipple clips were removed and the
girls were allowed to kneel on the floor together in their "submissive"
positions. As they looked up there was the second shock of the day. Mom
and Dad were sitting there right in the room! They had seen the whole
thing.

"We're very happy with their progress Mr. Walson." said Lori's mom,
"Please keep up the good work." Lori glowed as her parents smiled at
her. This was certainly the best summer vacation she had ever had. And
she had two more weeks to go!




30 The Interview

Sharon had been having these strange feelings about her sexuality for
years. She had always fantasized about things that would be considered
"kinky" by most of her friends. Now, here she was in a situation that
only a few months ago she could not have imagined. It all started when
she and Marge had been talking about each other's fantasies. Sharon had
gone first and she had shared her innermost feelings. Marge was very
intent, listening to Sharon describe how she had always wondered what
it would be like to be totally submissive to a man.

Marge asked her if she had any experience in dominant/submissive
relationships.

Sharon blushed as she described how she had once been tied up by an ex-
boyfriend and how he had spanked her also. Marge asked if it had been
exciting for her and Sharon said yes. Marge smiled. Sharon's face was
flushed as she finished her story and demanded that Marge reciprocate.
Marge smiled and said that her favorite fantasies were also about
submission. Sharon's eyes opened wide.

Marge told Sharon that only recently had she done anything about it and
that she now knew a wonderful "Master". "Wow! said Sharon, "And he's
always dominant?".

"Sure," said Marge, "I get to live out my submissive fantasies totally
with him.

Sharon felt herself getting excited and she shifted uncomfortably in
her chair.

"Would you like to meet him?" asked Marge. Sharon's eyes opened wide at
the question.

"What would I have to do?" she asked in a small voice.

Marge just smiled, "You'd have to be completely submissive. If you want
to meet him, he'll give you an interview and he'll find out if you're
submissive enough for him. The interview was one of the most exciting
events of my life. I was never so open or vulnerable as that day!"

"What happens in the interview?" asked Sharon.

"I shouldn't tell you." smiled Marge, "It would take away all the fun."
There was a long moment of silence. Sharon's mind was racing. Part of
her told her to grab the opportunity and part of her told her to forget
it. Finally she looked up at Marge. Her voice was quivering as she gave
her answer,

"I'd like to try it." she said.

"O.K." said Marge, "You can expect a call in the next few days. The
name is Sir Michael." Sharon barely remembered the rest of the day. For
the next couple of days, in fact, her mind couldn't get off what was
going to happen to her. Her days were filled with the anticipation of
waiting for "the call".

Finally, 3 days later, it came. A woman's voice was at the other end of
the line. "Is your name Sharon?" she asked.

"Yes." said Sharon.

"Sir Michael has granted you an interview. I am to give you your
instructions.

Are you ready?" Sharon's heart was beating a mile-a-minute.

"Yes, I am." she whispered. "Very well, you are to arrive at the
Holiday Inn Hotel and present yourself at Room 210 at exactly 2pm
Saturday. Do not be late under any circumstances. You are to wear a
light sundress. You are forbidden to wear a bra, stockings or panties.
You are to wear your dress and your shoes, nothing more. Do you
understand your instructions?"

"Yes I do." said Sharon.

"You may say, Yes Miss." said the anonymous voice sternly.

"Yes Miss." said Sharon before she could even think about it.

"Very well then, goodbye." she said. Sharon hung up the phone. Her
heart was beating hard and her palms were moist as she sat down. She
leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes. She let her hands glide
down her body, feeling its heat. She had never in her life imagined
that she would do something like this and now it was really happening.

She let her hands slide into her shorts and down her panties. Her pussy
was soaking wet. She started to play with her vaginal lips, letting her
hands slide into her pussy and rub the hot juices into her already hard
clit. Her hips moved of their own accord, as she imagined a stranger
touching her, entering her, and holding her open for his inspection.

One hand moved up to her nipples and she pinched them tightly. The
feeling was wonderful and she squeezed them harder than she would
normally wondering if they would be punished also. Her orgasm was not
long in coming and it was a powerful one. For the first time ever,
Sharon cried out loud while she was coming.

The next couple of days passed in a blur for Sharon as Saturday quickly
approached. She couldn't keep the thoughts of what might happen from
her mind and she seemed to be in a constant state of arousal thinking
about it. And now, here she was, standing in front of a hotel room door
wondering if she should actually knock or not!

She had dressed early after carefully taking a long bath and cleaning
herself from head to toe. She was now in her yellow cotton sundress. It
was a pretty dress that showed off her brown curly hair well. As
instructed she was wearing no bra or panties.

The feeling of traveling to the hotel with nothing under her dress had
been a little unnerving. She kept looking at every man who walked past
her wondering if he could see through her dress, wondering if he knew
that she was on her way to a Master. Now, she stood in front of the
door with her palms moist, her nipples hard and her pussy hot and
wondered what would happen when she knocked. Closing her eyes and
taking a deep breath, she reached up and knocked on the door. It was
opened a moment later moment later by a stunning blond woman. At first
Sharon thought she had the wrong room. She started to back away
mumbling an apology when the woman said, "Follow me Sharon."

Startled, Sharon moved into the hotel room. She looked at the other
woman as she turned and closed the door. She was very tall, perhaps
5'11" and was dressed in a light summer dress that came down to about
halfway to her knees. Her figure was perfect and her face was
beautiful. Sharon looked at her face and saw that this was a no-
nonsense sort of woman. Sharon waited expectantly in the entranceway
for next instructions.

The woman took her by the arm and brought her over to the window. She
was faced looking out of the full length window and told to remain
still. The feeling of knowing that someone was behind her while she
stood made Sharon terribly nervous. Suddenly Sharon realized that
standing this way made her dress almost transparent from the rear! A
hot blush hit her cheeks as she stood passively waiting for
instructions.

She was made to wait for a couple of minutes, not daring to turn around
before a deep male voice began speaking to her. "My name is Sir
Michael, Sharon," he said, "You may address me as Sir Michael or Sir."

"Yes Sir," said Sharon in a meek voice.

Sir Michael continued, "I am going to be conducting your interview. I
want you to know that you may not pass the interview and may be
unsuitable for serving me. Now, before we begin I want you to spread
your legs wide apart." Sharon blushed again as she followed the
instructions. She knew that whoever was behind her was getting a
perfect view of her legs through the dress. It seemed silly considering
that she expected to end up without even the dress before they were
done, but, oddly, she felt more naked with the dress on. Sir Michael
now began asking a long series of questions. They started off very
normally, asking her birthday, her measurements. She was asked to
describe the schooling she had received as well as the work experience
she had. She found herself answering honestly and completely.

The questions steadily got more personal. "At what age did you lose
your virginity?" asked Sir Michael.

Sharon told him that she had been 19.

"Have you ever made love to a woman?" he asked.

Sharon stuttered on her reply that she had not.

Sir Michael asked for complete history of what kinds of sexual
experiences she had had and what parts of her body turned her on the
most. She was embarrassed to describe how she masturbated and when Sir
Michael asked if she had ever used her finger in her behind while doing
so, she stammered out her answer. She answered a long series of
questions on what types of submissive experiences she had enjoyed and
what types of submissive fantasies she had.

Finally, Sir Michael asked her the last question, "Are you now prepared
to serve me?"

Sharon didn't hesitate. "Yes," she blurted.

Sharon heard some movement behind her and then felt the fingers of
someone (Was it the woman or the man?) pulling her dress up. She raised
her hands and in a moment she was naked. She was now standing in full
view of anyone looking at this room on the 2nd floor of the Holiday Inn
with absolutely no clothes on! Sharon had never been so excited. She
felt she would do anything for these people.

"Alright Sharon, now masturbate yourself." Sharon jumped at the
command. Her hand hesitantly moved to her pussy and found it drenched!
Her juices were literally dripping down her thigh. She slid two fingers
into her pussy and started moving them in and out. She was unable to
stifle a moan. The woman instructed her to bend forward a little to
give them a better view and Sharon did so, her face and breasts were
almost touching the glass of the window now.

She was hotter than she had ever been in her life and her hand was
moving furiously between her legs. She was breathing in short ragged
breaths.

She started to feel the beginnings of the most powerful orgasm she had
ever experienced when all of a sudden her wrist was grabbed by the
woman and pulled away from her pussy. It was pulled back and quickly
fastened to her other wrist behind her back. Sharon moaned in
frustration, "Please let me come?" she begged. Her heat was incredible
she was desperate to touch herself.

"No, Sharon," said Sir Michael, "You will come when I tell you-not when
you please."

Sharon moaned again, her hips were still writhing back and forth hoping
to find something to rub against. Sharon felt the other woman attaching
nipple clips to her large brown nipples. They pinched her hard but were
not really painful. The woman had Sharon go down on her knees now and
then bent her head forward until it was resting on the carpeted floor.
She was instructed to keep her knees wide apart. She felt her bottom
being stroked and the sensation was wonderful. The long cool fingers of
the woman stroked the crack of her ass and then gently and firmly
pulled her buttocks wide apart to completely expose her tiny rear
opening. Sharon moaned again as she felt herself opened. A finger cool
with lubricant now slid into Sharon's bottom and she gasped at the
sensation.

The finger moved slowly all the way into her and then slid out
deliciously. She felt her hips move of their own accord as she pushed
back against the finger trying to get more of it in her. The finger was
removed and Sharon moaned in frustration again.

The next sensation was that of a small butt plug as it was inserted in
her rear.

Sharon had never felt anything like this and she gave out a little
whimper as the thick part of the plug pushed into her. The feeling of
being held open like that was a constant stimulation for the already
over-stimulated body.

Sharon heard Sir Michael chuckling at her. She felt a large manly hand
reach between her legs to feel her heat. Two fingers slid quickly into
her pussy and she cried out at the wonderful feeling. They were quickly
removed however. The two dominants now stood up leaving the hot
submissive on her knees. Sharon was hoping for relief. She moaned and
whimpered as she knelt there with her filled bottom on display.

"You are going to be spanked now, Sharon." said Sir Michael, "Are you
ready?"

"Yes Sir, please." gasped Sharon.

Sharon felt the leather paddle being rubbed on her smooth buttocks and
then felt the rush of air as it struck her bottom. The pain was sharp
but not unbearable and the heat that it generated added to her 
stimulation. She was moaning constantly and pushing her buttock back up
to the paddle as it landed.

The spanking stopped for a moment and she felt a large vibrator being
slid into her soaking pussy. The vibrator was turned on and off
intermittently. She was kept close to coming but whenever she was
close, the action would stop and she would be kept quivering. Finally,
the spanking ended. Her buttocks and upper thighs were hot and
stinging. The juices from her pussy were now dripping down her legs and
Sharon was delirious with desire. She was ordered to turn around and
suck her Master.

She did so eagerly, now pulling his large manhood into her. The
vibrator in her pussy was turned on and off. Whenever she was close to
coming it would stop. She was kept in a constant state of arousal. Her
tongue ran up and down it and she let him slide all the way to the back
of her throat, something she had never allowed a man to do before. His
orgasm was not long in coming.

She swallowed his cum in large gulps, determined to catch it all and
please her Master. Then Sir Michael ordered her to suck the other
woman. She was sitting on a chair with her legs spread and Sharon
didn't even hesitate in leaning over to slide her tongue into the hot,
wet woman. She quickly brought the other woman to orgasm delighting in
the feeling of being able to please another person like that. "Now, I
am going to let you come, my little slave." said Sir Michael.

"Oh thank you, Sir," said Sharon.

She was desperate to come. The sensations in her nipples, her ass and
pussy were indescribable. Every movement she made turned on a different
part of her. "You will be entertaining more than just myself." said her
Master. "Go over to the window and move forward until your nipple clips
are touching the glass."

Sharon did so, feeling the hot flush on her face of exposing herself
this way.

The vibrator was turned on again and she felt two hands reach around to
grasp the clips on her sensitive nipples and pull on them. Another hand
reached down to begin playing with the intruder in her ass and it was
that last sensation that was finally too much. Sharon's whole body
began to shake as she let herself be consumed by the orgasm. It took
over all of her and she would have fallen down if she had not been held
up by the other two. Her ass clenched hard on the anal dildo and that
sent her into another spasm of orgasm. It seemed to go on forever as
one sensation after another triggered another peak. Several long
minutes later she was curled up on the floor at her Master's feet,
drained by the experience.

It had been the most intense experience of her life and Sharon knew
that this was only the beginning.




31 Lori's Last Day at the Special School for Girls

When Lori woke up, her first thought was, 'Today's my last day'. After
three full weeks, it was to be her last full day at the special Reform
School for Girls. She was filled with mixed emotions at the thought.
Each day for the last three weeks, Lori had undergone intense training
and discipline in her development as a young submissive. She had
experienced things that she never would have even dreamed of before her
arrival. She had thought that she was knowledgeable in the area of
punishment and discipline before she arrived but it was know clear to
her that she had been naive and innocent compared to what she had
learned.

The last three weeks had been the most exciting time of Lori's 16 year
old life.

They had also been the most embarrassing. Each new day of punishment or
"treatment" filled her with dread as she was enticed and forced to push
past the limits of her submission.

So, leaving tomorrow morning was a mixed blessing. On one hand, she
would miss the excitement of the treatments she had been receiving. On
the other hand, it would certainly be more comfortable being home and
frankly, she missed being home with her family.

Lori got up quickly and did her morning preparations for the day.
Although she had anticipated that things today would be much different
from usual, she was surprised and a little disappointed that they were
not. Miss Paltir, her guardian, found several things wrong during
inspection and Lori was turned over her knee for a spanking. When her
bare bottom was red, Miss Paltir inserted the standard punishment butt
plug which Lori had to where until lunch time. It was uncomfortable,
but by no means the worst that she had received since being here.

Immediately after lunch, Miss Paltir brought Lori upstairs to her room.

"Remove your dress Lori." she said. Lori pulled the thin cotton dress
over her head and folded it neatly on her bed. As per school
regulations, she was wearing neither panties nor bra and was now
completely available as she knelt in her 'submissive position' with her
knees wide apart and her hands clasped behind her head. Miss Paltir
ordered Lori to her feet and led her naked out of her room and down the
corridor to the bathroom. Lori had never gotten used to this. There was
always someone in the hallway and she always blushed when someone
looked at her walking submissively behind her mistress.

In the bathroom, Lori was first ordered onto the doctor's examining
table. Her feet were fastened to the stirrups which were adjusted far
apart to expose her shaved pussy. Her hands were tied to the top of the
table thus stretching her out in a most inviting manner. Lori was not
bound to the table because Miss Paltir was afraid that she would get
up. Her bondage was simply a reinforcement of Lori's submission. Miss
Paltir knew that she would pull at her bonds over the next few minutes
but she also knew that the sensation of pulling at them helplessly
would add to Lori's excitement.

Miss Paltir moved down to between Lori's legs and looked at her. The
white plastic butt plug was still sticking out of Lori's bottom and she
reached down now to pull it gently from her. Lori gasped as the anal
intruder pulled out leaving her feeling open and a little empty down
there. The plug was put aside as Miss Paltir put a towel that had been
soaked in hot water on Lori's shaved pussy. Lori's his squirmed a
little as the hot towel was laid on her sensitive skin. The hot towel
was left there for a couple of minutes then replaced by another. Lori's
pussy began to get uncomfortably warm under the towel. She could feel
her own heat rising to meet that of the towel and she knew that her
pussy juices were starting to flow. (If the truth were to be told
though, Lori had been wet almost all the time since she arrived in this
place.)

Miss Paltir removed the towel and then began to shave Lori's now soft
pussy lips. Her expert fingers pulled the pussy lips taught as her
razor removed any stubble that might have grown in the last two days.
Lori was always excited by this process. The feeling of the razor
moving across her pussy was incredible and it was heightened by the
constant manipulations of Miss Paltir as she pulled and stroked Lori's
sensitive sex.

The feeling of being freshly shaved made Lori feel both vulnerable and
pure, as though she had been returned to being the virgin she had been
at 15. When the shaving was over, Miss Paltir slowly but methodically
rubbed oil into the now smooth lips. Lori was unable to stifle a moan
at the feeling and she could feel her own pussy juices trickle down the
crack of her bottom and over her sensitive anus. Lori was pulling on
her wrists and squirming with her hips and she saw that Miss Paltir was
smiling at the effect she was having on the young girl.

Just before Lori was sure she was about to come, the sensations
stopped. Miss Paltir always seemed to know exactly when to stop so that
Lori was left at the peak of excitement.

Lori now felt Miss Paltir gently inserting a finger into her bottom.
"Mmmmmmm," she moaned as her hips raised from the table. The finger was
thickly coated with lubricant and Miss Paltir slid it deeply into
Lori's rectum, sliding in and out to further excite the teenage body.
Lori felt her anus clench reflexively on the finger as it pulled slowly
from her. Miss Paltir now moved over to the far side of the room and
Lori watched as a large enema bag was filled with warm water and a
little glycerin. Lori turned her head away and closed her eyes.

Getting a large enema wasn't her favorite thing in the world and
although she knew that it would excite her, the feeling of being that
full would be uncomfortable. Lori heard the water stop and Miss Paltir
move back over to the table. Lori felt the tip of an enema nozzle touch
her anus and her buttocks clenched involuntarily as it started to push
into her. The nozzle was very thick and Lori gasped as the thickest
part pushed into her sensitive hole. Bound as she was, there was
nothing she could do about it.

A moment later and the nozzle was in place. Her tiny rear opening was
grasping the thinner part of the nozzle as she was held open helplessly
by the plastic intruder. She felt some movement in her bottom and the
nozzle seemed to expand inside of her.

"It's a enema nozzle, Lori." said Miss Paltir, "It will prevent the
nozzle from being pushed out." The nozzle was now a little
uncomfortable as it had gotten fairly large but Lori knew that it was
now not going to be removed until Miss Paltir decided to do so.

The rush of warm water now started to fill Lori as the clamp on the
tube was released. It filled her slowly and kept filling her. Lori
looked down and watched her tummy slowly expand to accommodate the
fluid. Her tummy got tight as it continued and Lori was beginning to
feel uncomfortably full.

Finally, the water stopped. Lori's breathing in short ragged breaths.
She was hoping that she wouldn't have to wait for more than a moment or
two because she was so full.

"Please.." she begged, "Please let me go to the bathroom."

Miss Paltir smiled. She disconnected the tube from the nozzle
that was still firmly in place in Lori's bottom and walked around to
beside her. Her hand stroked Lori's full tummy and gently massaged her.

"No, Lori, you'll have to wait until I let you." she said. Lori closed
her eyes. Each second seemed like an hour as she waited. Miss Paltir
hands were at once soothing and exciting. They roamed all over Lori's
young body. She felt her soaking pussy stroked, her nipples were
pinched and the nozzle in her ass was playfully tugged at.

Finally after 10 minutes or so, Miss Paltir undid her bonds. Lori had
to be helped from the table and over to the toilet. When Miss Paltir
released the nozzle and pulled it from her, it was an incredible relief
for Lori.

Miss Paltir left her for a few minutes to expel the enema as she ran a
bath for the young girl. Lori got into the bath and Miss Paltir began
to scrub her from head to toe. It was very relaxing and also exciting
as Miss Paltir made sure to pay special attention to the more sensitive
areas of the teenager's body.

Her hair was next and by the time it was all over, Lori was glowing.
Her hair was shining, her body was a rosy pink all over. Her nipples
which were more or less constantly erect here were sticking out from
her firm breasts. Lori's leather wrist cuffs were attached behind her
back and a leash was attached to her collar.

Miss Paltir led her by the leash out of the bathroom, down the stairs
and into the study of the principal. Lori's heart started beating
faster as she walked into the study. For the last three weeks, Lori had
undergone most of her training here. She had felt the hot feeling of
the crop and a variety of other instruments of discipline as she was
tied down for punishment.

As she walked in the door the first thing she noticed were her parents.
Lori's eyes opened wide. Her parents came right over to her and gave
her a big hug.

Lori, of course, could not reciprocate given her bound wrists but she
delighted in the feeling of having her Mom and Dad holding her naked
body.

Mister Walson entered the room a moment later. "Good Morning Lori." he
said.

"Good morning Sir," said Lori in a small, submissive voice. "Today is
your last day Lori," said the principal, "and your parents and I have
been discussing what should be done with you on this last day. We have
discussed several options and you are here because you are going to
have to agree with what we have chosen. I want you to know that you are
free to choose to accept or decline what we have decided."

Lori's heart was now beating a mile-a-minute. 'What had they decided
she wondered. Would she be able to bear it?' "I understand, Sir," she
said.

"Very well, Lori, your parents and I feel that a fitting climax to your
stay here would be to have both of your nipples and both of your inner
pussy lips pierced today."

Lori's eyes flew open. If her wrists had not been bound, she would have
reflexively covered her breasts with her hands. She looked from Mr.
Paltir to her parents who were all waiting patiently for her answer.
The thought of her sensitive nipples being pierced was instantly
terrifying and extremely exciting and to think of the same thing being
done to her tiny pink pussy lips was even more so. She waited a long
time before answering. The room had become very silent as a million
thoughts ran through her head.

Finally she looked at Mr. Walson. "Very well, Sir. You may pierce me."
Lori's parents stood up and came over to her. "We're very proud of you
honey." said her Mom. Miss Paltir led Lori out of the study and right
out of the building onto the grounds. Lori had been brought outside
before while naked but the feeling always left her feeling even more
exposed and helpless than usual.

She was brought to a small building just off to the side of the main
school building and led inside. The living room of this building was
set up for the display of Lori's ordeal. In the center of the room was
a leather covered doctor's table. The silver stirrups caused a chill to
go up Lori's spine. She sat on the table and the back of it was raised
so that she would be in a half reclined position. Her wrists, as usual,
were fastened above her head and her feet were once again attached to
the stirrups. There were a number of chairs in front of the table and
they afforded the observers a perfect view of Lori's exposed body. The
front door opened and Lori watched as her parents, Mr. Walson and
several other men and women entered the room. Lori didn't know some of
them and she blushed deeply as they looked at her carefully. Lori
wondered if she would ever get over the feelings of embarrassment of
people discovering her submissive nature.

Miss Paltir moved beside Lori and attached nipple clips to each of her
nipples.

The clips were tight and Lori gasped as they were attached. Miss Paltir
gave each of them a sharp tug to make sure they were solidly attached.
She moved down now and attached two similar clips to Lori's inner pussy
lips. Lori moaned as they clamped down on the sensitive flesh. When
Miss Paltir gave these clips a tug, Lori cried out. She closed her
eyes, embarrassed that all these people could see everything.

Now Mr. Walson stood up. Lori saw that he was holding a long, sharp
needle in one hand. She whimpered as he approached. "You can still back
out Lori." he said, "Do you want to do that?"

Lori shook her head, "No, Sir." she whispered.

Mr. Walson smiled. He grasped the clip attached to her left nipple and
pulled it hard, stretching the nipple away from her body. Lori moaned
at the feeling and closed her eyes. Suddenly she felt a hot sharp pain
as the needle quickly pierced her horizontally through the base of her
thick nipple. Lori cried out at the feeling. Her back arched as she
felt the needle removed and a ring being pushed through the hole. The
nipple clip was removed and the pain settled into a hot throbbing
sensation. Her right nipple was next and her cries were louder and
stronger as it received its nipple. Lori looked down to look at them.
The sight was very strange to see tiny gold rings pushed through each
of her brown nipples. They were now each hot and painful and
surprisingly, very erect.

Lori watched Mr. Walson move down to her pussy and she was very scared.
She was also very turned on. The whole scene was the hottest thing that
Lori could ever have imagined and it was happening to her! Lori knew
that her juices were literally dripping down her body and she knew that
everyone could see them. As if in a distance she felt the left lips of
her pussy pulled out by the clip and the hot piercing pain of the
needle. She cried out again and once again as the right pussy lips was
done.

Finally, it was over. Her body was now adorned with gold rings both
above and below and the thought of wearing those rings was the most
exciting thing Lori had ever experienced. She felt Miss Paltir reach
over to ever so gently pull at the rings in her nipples and she gasped
and moaned as she did so. She felt the fingers of Mr. Walson holding
her tiny pink pussy lips apart by the gold rings and then she felt the
incredible feeling of a hot tongue touching her pussy.

Lori's eyes flew open and she looked down to see her sister Rox bent
over her waist from the side to lick her.

Everyone had a perfect view and as Rox's tongue slid up her sister's
slit to touch her hard, aching clit, Lori felt her orgasm start. Her
legs began to tremble and her tummy got tight. She felt her toes
curling at the feeling and her hands turned into little fists as she
pulled at the bonds holding her. She started to cry out and then cried
out again and again as the most intense orgasm of her life took over
her body. It reached a peak and then seemed to subside then peaked
again and then again. It went on for what seemed forever, first one
sensation then another taking over as the stimulation of her nipples,
her pussy lips and the tongue of her loving sister all added their
effects.

It was perhaps five minutes or more before it was over and it left Lori
drained.

It had been the most exciting time of her life and she knew that she
would have her rings to remember it by forever.




32 Sharon Meets Her Mistress

It had been almost a month since Sharon' first "Interview" and now
here, she was in a crowded airport terminal waiting for someone she had
never met in what was probably going to be the most exciting experience
in her young life. Six weeks ago, she never would have dreamed she
would be here, doing something like this.

The famous "Interview" with her new Master had changed all of that.
Sharon knew that day had started a new course for her life that would
alter it forever. She had willingly asked to be "trained" by her Master
and he had certainly obliged.

Now she was here at the airport at his request. Late yesterday
afternoon, her Master had called her.

"Sharon." he said, "It is time for the next phase of your training.
Tomorrow I want you to go to the airport and meet someone. The person
you will meet is a woman approximately 35 years old. She will know what
you look like. She is an experienced Mistress and will be training you
for the weekend. Her flight lands at 6pm from Chicago. Do not be late."

"Yes, Sir" Sharon had replied. Her heart was racing a mile-a-minute as
she put down the phone. What would it be like to be dominated by a
woman? Would she like it? The thought both scared her and excited her.
Sharon had been punished before by the other submissives of her Master
but this was completely different.

In the morning Sharon's Master called again and gave her specific
instructions on what she was to wear all day. Sharon dressed in the
light blue dress as instructed and felt more exposed and vulnerable
than ever as she went to work.

As usual, her Master had permitted neither panties nor bra and Sharon's
nipples were well defined in the dress. It was only because her pussy
hair was completely shaved that her pussy was also not visible beneath
the thin fabric.

Sharon got more and more nervous as the end of the day approached. She
got into her car at 5 and drove to the airport.

Now, here she was, waiting in a crowded arrivals lobby for a woman she
did not know who was going to be able to completely dominate her for
the whole weekend! Sharon's palms were wet as she scrutinized everyone
who got off the plane. There were several severe looking women who went
by. As each one caught her eye, Sharon's heart leapt a beat. 'Is this
the person?', she wondered. All of them went directly by her, however.

A couple came out the gateway doors and Sharon was caught by the
woman's striking appearance. She was tall, blond, and had a beautiful
figure. Her long tanned legs were visible halfway up her thighs because
she was wearing a very tight, very hot leather dress. The whole look
was striking and Sharon found herself wistfully wishing that this woman
was to be her mistress. Of, course, she was with someone, so it
couldn't be her. But if only... The couple walked right up the
corridor, with the woman holding onto the arm of the handsome man with
her.

As they got to where Sharon was, the woman paused. She looked right at
Sharon and Sharon found herself lowering her eyes, unable to meet her
gaze. "You're Sharon." said the woman. Sharon's eyes flew open.

"Look David, this is the little slave I was telling you about."
Sharon's face turned a deep red. The embarrassment of being described
to this stranger so openly was intense. The man's eyes mentally
undressed the submissive girl as the tall woman took her arm.

"Come along Sharon." she said. "David, I think she'll be perfect, don't
you?"

The man smiled at them both. Sharon's heart was racing. 'Was she to be
dominated by both of these strangers?' The blond woman was holding
tightly onto her arm as they went toward the exit. At the baggage claim
area, David went to get the bags.

The tall woman sat at one of the chairs in the area and had Sharon
stand right in front of her. She looked Sharon up and down and then
said, "My name is Dawn.

You may call me Mistress Dawn or Mistress. We shall be getting to know
one another very intimately this weekend. Your Master has asked me to
train you and train you I shall. Come closer to me." Sharon shuffled a
little closer until her knees were touching the knees of Mistress Dawn.

"Open your legs." she said. Sharon nervously looked around as she
opened her legs about 12 inches.

"Wider Sharon." said her Mistress. Sharon opened her feet a little
wider.

"Now clasp your hands behind your back." Sharon obeyed. Mistress Dawn
had her stand that way for what seemed an eternity for Sharon but was
probably only 1 or 2 minutes. Finally David, came back with the bags
and Sharon figured that they would now leave.

"Just a moment David." said the tall blond. Sharon watched as her
Mistress moved forward and slid her hand right up Sharon's dress!
Sharon was mortified! She looked around hoping that no one could see
but of course she was in plain view. Mistress Dawn put her hand right
on Sharon's shaved slit and slid 2 fingers deep into her already wet
pussy. The fingers withdrew and Mistress Dawn held them up to Sharon.
They were glistening wet.

"You're a hot slut little Sharon." said the older woman, "Lick them
clean."

Sharon dutifully opened her lips and sucked on the long thin fingers.
This simple act turned Sharon on more than anything she had ever done.
The older woman smiled.

"Sit down." she said. Sharon took her place on the seat. Mistress Dawn
took her bag from David who was wide eyed and obviously turned on by
this display.

Mistress Dawn handed Sharon something from her bag and said, "Put these
on."

Sharon looked down to see that they were 4 leather straps. She looked
up questioningly at her Mistress.

"Here?" she said in a squeaky voice.

"Here." said her Mistress. Sharon nervously put on the wrist and ankle
cuffs.

Anyone who even looked at her now would know exactly what she was; the
slave of her Mistress.

David carried the bags to Sharon's car and Sharon was certain that they
would both get in, but the Mistress Dawn stopped him. "Thank you David.
I hope we'll get to meet again."

Sharon was a little relieved as just the two women now left the airport
on their way to the hotel where Mistress Dawn was staying. When they
arrived, Sharon started to get the bags out of the car.

"No, Sharon, the hotel staff will do that, come with me." They both
went into the hotel and Sharon noticed the looks of the bell-hop as he
saw her leather cuffs. Her face was hot and flushed as she joined her
mistress at the registration desk. Registering in the room took only a
moment and Sharon and Mistress Dawn were on their way up the elevator.

In the elevator, Sharon was told to turn to face her Mistress. The tall
blond opened Sharon's dress front almost to her navel. At the least
movement now, Sharon's breasts would be visible. Then Sharon's wrists
were locked behind her.

Sharon was hoping that there would be no one on the hotel floor as the
elevator doors opened and her wish was granted. They went, undisturbed
down the long corridor to the room, Sharon with her hands submissively
cuffed behind her and her dress wantonly open. As soon as they entered
the room, Sharon' cuffs were undone.

"Strip." said Mistress Dawn and Sharon quickly took off her dress and
shoes.

She was now completely naked except for her leather wrist and ankle
cuffs. Her wrists were again attached behind her and she was told to
stand in the corner of the room. Sharon moved to the corner and
obediently put her nose right into the corner of the room. Her bound
hands were visibly displayed behind her and Sharon was just staring to
relax when there was a knock on the door.

'Damn! The luggage', thought Sharon. Her Mistress, of course, had been
expecting it. Sharon heard the door open and knew that she was now on
display for the hotel bell-hop. Her face turned beet red and an
embarrassed little whimper escaped her lips. The door closed and now
Mistress Dawn came over to her.

"Spread your legs for me Sharon." she said. Sharon spread her legs wide
apart.

Mistress Dawn's fingers slid down her bottom and under her to feel her
wetness.

"You like being displayed I think." she said. "Don't worry, there will
be much more of it while you are with me." Sharon felt a shiver go down
her spine at the thought. Her legs were trembling as Mistress Dawn's
hands teased her. She knew exactly where to touch the young girl to get
her most excited. When Sharon was sure that she was just about to come,
the fingers stopped. Sharon moaned in frustration but knew better than
to ask to be allowed an orgasm.

"We shall be starting your training with a spanking Sharon." said the
tall blond dominant, "Then we shall be going into the bathroom. Now
come over here."

Sharon turned around and saw that Mistress Dawn had laid out a few of
her "toys" from her bag on the bed. Mistress Dawn was now sitting in
one of the straight backed chairs of the hotel and motioned Sharon
over. Sharon's hands were refastened in front of her so that there
would be no impeding the spanking that was about to come. Sharon was
pulled over her Mistress Dawn's lap and was ordered to spread her legs.
She did so. The hand spanking was hard and hot and each smack left a
sting on Sharon's bottom. When her bottom was red and hot, Mistress
Dawn reached over to take the paddle. The paddling was also quick but
very hard and Sharon had tears in her eyes by the end of it. Finally it
was over and Sharon was allowed to stay over her Mistress' lap while
she calmed down.

Mistress Dawn's hands stroked Sharon's hot bottom and upper thighs.
Sharon felt more turned on than ever. The feeling of lying across the
warm thighs and the leather skirt of her Mistress was exquisite. The
older woman's hands now moved a little lower, feeling the heat rising
from Sharon's pussy. Sharon moaned out loud as two fingers slid deep
into her. The fingers moved slowly in and out and Sharon found her hips
humping them. Now the fingers trailed upward slowly and Sharon felt
first one then two fingers forcing their way gently into her bottom.

Sharon closed her eyes, savoring the sensations. Having her bottom
penetrated was the most submissive thing Sharon could do and she loved
it. Sharon's whole body was trembling on the edge of an incredible
orgasm when Mistress Dawn made her get up.

The tall blond stood up and quickly unzippered her leather dress. It
was removed right away to reveal an incredible body. Her trim breasts
were topped with long, wide, tight nipples, there was not an ounce of
fat on her and to Sharon's surprise, her pussy was also shaved!

"Kneel down," said Mistress Dawn and Sharon did so. Mistress Dawn
spread her legs wide apart and Sharon could see that the spanking had
turned her Mistress on also. She could see the lips of Mistress Dawn's
slit glisten with her own juices.

"Lick me slave." said the older woman. Sharon felt her Mistress' hand
on her head pulling her forward as she dove in to obey her Mistress'
commands. Her taste was musty and sensual and it turned Sharon on to be
licking her. Sharon licked up and down and sucked the already hard clit
of her Mistress into her mouth. The older woman gasped and pulled
Sharon into her harder. It didn't take long and Sharon felt Dawn's legs
and tummy tighten as her orgasm exploded in her body. It seemed to go
on for a long time and Mistress Dawn's hands kept Sharon's mouth tight
on her pussy. Finally it was over and Sharon looked up to see her
Mistress with a smile on her face.

"Very good little slave." she said, "Now it will be your turn."

Sharon was led into the bathroom where she saw that an enema bag was
already set up. Sharon's heart clutched again in trepidation of the
treatment she was about to receive.

"On your hands and knees Sharon." said Dawn, "Now cross your arms and
cradle your head in them. Keep your knees wide apart. Sharon felt the
cool feeling of a lubricated finger slide into her as she kept her
knees wide open for her Mistress. The thick nozzle was next and
Mistress Dawn took delight in sliding it in and out for a while. Sharon
felt the rush of water as the restraining clip was released and she
felt her tummy tighten as the warm enema rushed in to fill her up. When
the bag was empty, Sharon felt the nozzle being removed and replaced by
the familiar butt plug. It was a full and tight sensation that she was
left with. Sharon was ordered to stand up and Mistress Dawn immediately
attached two nipple clips to her. Sharon moaned as each one bit into
her nipple.

Mistress Dawn pulled her out into the bedroom again and had her lie on
her back on the floor. Sharon watched as her Mistress pulled out a
long, thick double dildo from her bag and sat down in front of Sharon.
Sharon watched as the gorgeous blond woman worked the dildo slowly into
her own pussy. Then Dawn scooted down and adjusted the other end of the
device into Sharon. Her Mistress reached down to grab the chain between
Sharon's attached wrists and slowly but firmly pulled Sharon and her
Mistress together until they were both impaled on the dildo! When
Sharon's shaved pussy lips finally touched the pussy lips of her
Mistress she gasped. The two women ground themselves together, back and
forth, rubbing their hot juices into each other.

For Sharon, the sensations were intense. Her bottom was still stinging
hot from the spanking she had received, her nipples were being pinched
and pulled by the tight nipple clamps and her bowels were filled with
warm water. The butt plug in her bottom and the thick double dildo in
her pussy filled her completely and now the feeling of her Mistress'
hot pussy rubbing against her own was too much.

Sharon cried out as her own orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks. Spasm
after spasm racked her body and then Dawn had her second orgasm of the
day and the feelings and sounds of her Mistress' orgasm set Sharon off
again. She abandoned herself totally to the feelings and came and came
and came.

It was perhaps 30 or 40 minutes later before both woman had cleaned up
and were now in bed cuddled up to each other. Sharon had been allowed
to expel the enema but had her butt plug reinserted afterward. Her
Mistress had told her that it would stay in until morning. Now, they
were cuddled close to each other in the large hotel bed, both content.
"You are the very best Mistress." said Sharon.

Mistress Dawn smiled. "Yes, and there is a whole weekend ahead of us!"




33 Darla's "Initiation"

Darla was nervous. She had waited for this day for a long time and now
it looked like she was actually going to be accepted into the club.
Some of her friends had been part of the club for almost a year. There
were 16 members in all. There were both boys and girls in the club. The
oldest was 18 and the youngest, was 15. They had all, said their leader
George, been through the initiation that Darla was about to experience.
Darla wanted to be a member of the club more than anything.

Darla was a 16 year old. She was one of the prettiest girls in her
school. Her body had bloomed early and she was blessed with long blonde
hair, crystal clear blue eyes and a 34-23-33 figure. She was tall and
elegant when dressed up.

Still, she was only 16 and despite her womanly body, she was very shy.
Now, she stood alone outside the closed door to the basement of
George's parent's house.

She had just been 'interviewed' in front of all the members of the club
and now she waited for their decision about whether or not she would be
accepted. She had been told, in no uncertain terms, that if she was
accepted she would have to go through the "Initiation". She hadn't been
told what the initiation included but she had been told that she would
probably find it embarrassing. If she wasn't willing to do the
initiation, said George, then she could back down now.

"No." said Darla, "I'll do whatever you say." Now she waited patiently
wondering what would happen next. The door opened suddenly and Darla
jumped at the sound.

"Come in." said Susan and Darla followed her into the room. She noticed
that her palms were moist. The other members of the group had moved
their chairs into a semi-circle around a low table about a foot high
that had been placed in the middle of the room. Susan led Darla into
the center of the room and had her stand on the table.

George spoke to her first, "You have been accepted into the club Darla,
but first you must complete your initiation. Are you ready?"

Darla nodded her head nervously. "Yes." she said in a little-girl
voice.

George sat down and Valerie stood up beside Darla. She took a Polaroid
camera and took a shot of Darla standing on the table looking very
nervous. She put down the camera and faced Darla.

"Take off your shoes." she said clearly. Darla reached down and untied
her Reeboks and them pulled them off. Valerie held out her hand and
Darla gave her the running shoes.

"The socks too Darla." said Valerie and Darla pulled them off and
handed them over. The table felt cool under Darla's bare feet. It was
strange to be standing there barefoot and Darla felt oddly embarrassed.
Valerie moved to the side of the room and put the shoes and socks
neatly on a table.

She returned to the center and looked up at Darla again.

"Give me your blouse now Darla." she said. Darla's eyes flew open. She
felt a hot rush as a blush hit her cheeks. No one had ever seen her
breasts and she was embarrassed that everyone would see her flimsy bra.
She hesitated a moment longer before reaching up to undo the buttons on
her blouse. Her fingers trembled slightly as she did so. She removed
the blouse carefully, making sure that a hand was always protecting her
breasts. She was now wearing only a scanty bra that was almost see
through. Darla watched as Valerie carefully folded the blouse and put
it on the table beside her shoes.

Her skirt was next and Darla felt her face turn hot and red as the
garment tumbled to the floor. Her white cotton panties were also very
high cut and very revealing and Darla kept telling herself that it was
just like at the beach.

Somehow that thought didn't seem of much comfort.

"Clasp your hands behind your head." said George and Darla closed her
eyes for a second as she did so. She had never been so embarrassed in
her life. Even worse, to her mortification, her nipples decided that
now would be a good time to get hard and Darla could feel them start to
stick out against the fabric of her bra. She could just feel the eyes
of everyone watching her.

Darla felt Valerie move up onto the table behind her and hold her
wrists for a moment. Suddenly Darla felt her wrists being pulled
upward. Valerie had attached leather cuffs to them and Darla was now
helplessly attached to the rope that went to the ceiling.

Valerie pulled up one strap of Darla's bra and Darla watched as Valerie
cut it with scissors. The second strap was next and then, as Darla knew
it would, the bra was undone and removed all together. Her breasts
sprang into view. Darla was close to tears she was so embarrassed. She
saw everyone looking at them. Darla was proud of her breasts but she
never thought that they would be put on display for everyone. Her firm
breasts were topped with very long pink nipples that were fat and right
now, very hard and tingling.

Valerie moved around to in front of Darla and put her hands up on her
shoulders.

Darla felt her cool soft hands slide down her front. They moved down
over her taut breasts first and lingered there for a moment. Darla
jumped slightly as Valerie pinched the tight nipples hard. Then Valerie
stepped down and continued to glide her hands over the young girl's
body. They slid down over Darla's tight belly and as they came into
contact with the panties Darla felt Valerie hook her fingers into them
and the flimsy garment was slid smoothly all the way down her legs.
Darla was now completely naked and Valerie now sat down. George stood
up and took another Polaroid of the helpless girl and then turned to
face Darla.

"You initiation is just starting." he said, "You are now going to
receive phase 2. Your bottom is about to be spanked with the initiation
paddle and then we will continue. George picked up a ping pong paddle
and moved around to behind Darla. Darla heard the whistle of air as the
paddle swung toward her and then felt the searing pain of the paddle as
it landed! It took her breath away and before she could even cry out, a
second stroke landed.

Each member of the group gave Darla 2 spanks making 32 in all. Darla's
bottom was on fire when it ended and there were tears on her cheeks.
She felt her hands being untied and she thought that the initiation was
over but she was only having her position changed. Now she was tied on
her back on the table. Her hands were tied to the top of the table and
her feet were attached so that her legs were spread wide apart. Darla
could feel everyone's gaze on her virginal pussy and she was mortified
to feel that she was moist down there! In fact the whole stripping and
spanking had been a turn on!

Now Susan stood up. She knelt down between Darla's legs and Darla
looked down to see that she was clipping Darla's pubic hair with small
scissors. When the hair was cropped very close, Susan took out a small
razor and started to shave. "Oh no!" thought Darla, but it was too
late. In a few short minutes, Darla's bush was completely removed. She
was now just like a little girl. The juices on Darla's pussy were now
evident to everyone.

Each member of the group got a chance to participate in Darla's
initiation. The next was a young boy who, to Darla's horror lubricated
her bottom and inserted a tiny plastic dildo. Two twin girls teased her
nipples and attached silver pinching clips to them. The sensation was
not very painful but it was an incredible turn on. One person began
playing with her pussy and Darla began squirming her hips despite
herself. She had often played with herself but nothing she had done had
ever been like this. The hand at her pussy was covered in oil and Darla
heard herself moan as it started playing with her clit.

Whenever Darla felt she was close to coming, everyone would stop and
Darla was soon pleading with them to giver her some relief. The teasing
continued.

Finally Darla looked up and promised she would do ANYTHING if only they
would let her come. Valerie stood up again and Darla watched,
fascinated, as in one motion, Valerie pulled her dress over her head
leaving her completely naked.

Darla's eyes widened as she saw that Val's bush was shaved too! Valerie
stood up on the table and before Darla knew what was happening, she was
kneeling over Darla with her shaved pussy lips right in Darla's face!

"If you want relief," she said, "you'll have to lick me!" Darla didn't
even hesitate. She stuck her tongue out as far as it would go and
Valerie lowered herself on it. Her taste was not unpleasant. It was a
little salty and Darla kind of liked it. Valerie was soaking wet and
she started to moan almost immediately. Darla felt the attentions of
everyone else on her body start again and she licked harder. It didn't
take long. Valerie's tummy started to tighten up and Val threw her head
back as she started to come. Darla could feel her own body writhing in
its bonds as she got closer and closer to a peak.

All of a sudden the dildo in her bottom started moving in and out
slowly as someone started to play with it. It was the final straw.
Darla cried out and tugged at her bonds as her orgasm hit her. Her
hands curled into fists as she pulled with all of her might and she
felt her tummy tie itself in a knot and she cried out again and again
as she hit her peak. The stimulation of her over-excited body didn't 
stop and Darla felt herself have wave after wave of orgasm. Finally, it
was over.

Darla opened her eyes, exhausted. All around her were naked bodies.
They were all hugging her and kissing her. The biggest smile of all was
George's "Welcome to the club." he said. Darla smiled as she closed her
eyes and fell asleep.




34 Preparing for the Prom

Tuesday started off very much as per usual for Marcie. She woke up,
stretched and rolled over on her back. She considered rolling over
again and sleeping late then she remembered: school was over for the
summer!

"MMmmmmm" she murmured. A wide smile spread across her face. That meant
that she could sit around the pool all day. No wait, Mom had said
something last night about going shopping. Well, that was ok too.
Marcie got out of bed and looked at herself appraisingly in the full
length mirror.

'She was in pretty good shape for a 16 year old.', she thought. Her
legs were long and sleek and her tan line was just beginning. 'She
would be dark brown by the end of the summer.', she thought to herself.
Her breasts were firm 'B' cup size but, she loved her nipples best.
Marcie had been blessed with extra thick, long nipples. They were a
light shade of pink and Marcie would have preferred them to be darker
but they were soooooo sensitive. She reached up and gave them a little
tweak. The crinkled right away becoming hard and tight under Marcie's
pinching fingers.

She turned around and looked over her shoulder at the image of her ass
in the mirror. 'My best feature.', she thought. She ran her hands over
her smooth buttocks imagining that they were a man's hands. She reached
down and held her buttocks lewdly apart exposing her pink anus. This
was one of the most sensitive areas of Marcie's body. She would be
mortified if anyone ever found out how much she loved playing with
herself there. Marcie wondered what it would be like for someone else
to touch her ass.

She showered quickly and couldn't resist playing with herself while
under the streaming water. He hand slid down to her lightly haired
pussy and began soaping it. She let two fingers slide deep into her and
moaned as she did it. Her fingers began sliding in and out in a
delicious rhythm. Her left hand reached down to get soapy too and then
Marcie let one finger slide slowly into her hot rear opening. The
fingers in her pussy felt the intrusion of her rear finger deep in her
body. Marcie shuddered and let out a little cry as she came. She then
took her razor and shaved her legs and under her arms. She looked down
at her puss and started slowly shaving her bikini line. 'Maybe she'd
take the sun later.', she thought. She worked her way up her inner
thighs and down her flat belly toward her puss.

She was left with a tiny triangle of curly blonde hairs. Marcie
hesitated a moment and then continued. Her mom kept her pussy shaved
and Marcie had often wondered what it would be like. She giggled as she
removed the last of the unwanted hair. This was turning her on!

Marcie and her mom drove downtown. Marcie was dying to find out where
they were going but her mom just wouldn't tell. Finally they arrived at
a small boutique in the fashion quarter. Marcie noticed the shop
display was completely filled with lacy, sexy lingerie. She figured
that her mom was picking out something sexy to turn her dad on that
night. She already had a large collection of risqu� lingerie. They went
into the shop and her mom led her toward the back of the store.

The manager greeted Marcie's mother warmly, "Hi Janice. This must be
your daughter Marcie." Marcie shook her hand and then they were led
back to sit down in a large fitting room.

"Marcie," said her mom, "I know you're going to your prom next week and
I've decided to treat you to something special. Laura and I are going
to pick out some wonderful lingerie for you to wear on under your prom
dress." Marcie's eyes opened wide. She had never owned anything that
sexy before.

"Now take off that dress and we'll get started." said her mother.
Marcie hesitated as she looked at Laura.

"Don't be embarrassed Marcie." said the store manager, "I've seen many,
many women naked in here." Marcie slowly undid the buttons on her
summer dress and pulled in over her head. She was left in her matching
pink bra and bikini panty set.

"Your bra too Marcie." said Laura. Marcie blushed as she unclasped the
flimsy garment and took it off. Laura and her mother looked openly at
her firm breasts.

Laura now took out a series of different bras. Each was more revealing
and more risqu� than the last. Marcie blushed again as she felt Laura's
hands adjusting the bra and moving her breasts in them. Her mother and
Laura looked at each bra appraisingly, having Marcie turn this way and
that as she modeled the flimsy garments. They finally settled on a
push-up half-bra that left most of her breasts uncovered. It more
presented her breasts than protected them. It was more daring than
anything Marcie could have imagined wearing. She looked at herself in
the mirrors of the room and she couldn't deny that the effect was
exciting.

Marcie was embarrassed that her nipples hardened once again as she
looked at them. The nipples were completely on display above the top of
the white lace.

Both Laura and her mom noticed them immediately and smiled knowingly at
Marcie.

"OK Marcie, now take off those panties." said Laura, "We're going to
try on some stockings and garter belts." Marcie began to reach down and
remove her panties when suddenly she remembered; Her pussy was
completely shaved! Marcie turned bright red and stopped.

"Uh, uh, couldn't I keep them on." she stammered in a tiny voice.

"Marcie," said her mother, "Do as you're told. Now, get those panties
off."

"But I don't want to." said Marcie.

Her mother's face suddenly took on a very stern expression. "You will
remove those panties right now, young lady." Marcie's face was now hot
and flushed.

"Please, no." she whimpered.

"Come over here Marcie." said her mother in a no-nonsense voice. Marcie
shuffled over to her mother's side. This was just how she sounded when
Marcie was about to get a spanking. Surely she wouldn't get one here!
Not here in front of a strange woman. Marcie soon had her question
answered as her mother reached out and grabbed her wrists and pulled
her over her lap. Marcie's embarrassment reached a peak and she felt
tears welling up behind her eyes. Her mother grasped the waistband of
Marcie's panties and pulled them down and off her long legs.

The spanking started next and Marcie felt her bottom get hot under the
stinging spanks of her mother.

Marcie's face was hot and wet with tears when her mother finally stood
her up.

Her hands moved immediately to cover her pussy. "Put those hands down
Marcie." said her mom. Reluctantly Marcie dropped her hands to her
side. Now her shaven slit was completely visible. She saw her mother
smile as she saw it. Laura too was looking right at the exposed pussy
lips. Marcie thought she would die of embarrassment.

"Marcie, Laura will now finish your spanking." said her mom. Marcie
slowly shuffled over to Laura. Tears trickled down her cheeks in
humiliation as she bent over the woman's lap. Laura took her time,
readjusting Marcie several times until her bottom was in the best
position. Marcie felt the older woman's left hand holding her firmly at
the small of her back. Her right hand rested gently on Marcie's already
pink buttocks. Marcie felt Laura's hand gently stroking her bottom in a
soothing motion for a moment before the spanking began. Laura gave
Marcie several hard, quick spanks then paused, her hand resting gently
on her warm cheeks. The spanking continued like that for a while. Laura
would give four or five spanks then pause to stroke the young teenage
bottom gently. It was like no other punishment that Marcie had ever
experienced and she had experienced many.

After a couple of minutes, Marcie had almost gotten used to stroking
when Laura's hand stroked gently down her cheeks and Marcie felt Laura
fingers trailing delicately along her crack! They passed teasingly over
Marcie's sensitive anus and continued down to her slit. Marcie shivered
at the touch. It was soooooo exciting. Five or six hard smacks followed
then Laura's fingers again glided down between Marcie's cheeks. Laura
paused for a moment.

"Open your legs Marcie." she said. Marcie allowed her legs to fall
open.

Laura's finger slid lower and lower, all the way down to her clit which
was, by now, soaked in Marcie's own juices.

"Stand up Marcie." said Laura. Marcie got to her feet slowly feeling
the heat in her buttocks and a different kind of heat in her pussy.
Laura looked over at Marcie's mom.

"Janice, she's soaking wet." she said. Marcie's face blushed red again
as this was announced. "I think she enjoys being submissive." continued
Laura. Marcie's mom smiled.

"Yes I know." she said, "She's been getting aroused for ages whenever
her father or I have given her a bare-bottomed spanking. Marcie
couldn't believe her ears! Here was her own mother and this strange
woman discussing her most intimate moments right out in the open!
Nothing more was said for the moment and Laura busied herself getting
garter belts and stockings onto Marcie.

They finally settled on a set that left Marcie looking hotter than she
thought she ever would. Again she posed in the clothing, but this time
the poses became more and more suggestive. Marcie willingly followed
all of the instructions. She felt her pussy becoming more and more wet
and every once in a while, she would notice in the mirror the glisten
of her juices on her slit.

Finally Laura ordered into the middle of the room and had her stand
with her legs wide apart and her hands clasped behind her head. Marcie
was told to remain in this position.

"We're going to ask you some questions Marcie," said her mom, "and I
want you to answer honestly and fully." Marcie's breathing had
quickened.

"OK," she said in a low voice.

"First of all," asked Laura, 'When was the first time you masturbated?"
Marcie's face turned red again as she stammered out her reply,

"About two years ago."

"How often do you masturbate?" asked her mother.

"Almost every day." said Marcie hesitantly.

"What objects have you inserted in your pussy?" asked Laura. Marcie
slowly listed her hairbrush, her fingers, a long necked bottle and a
small cucumber.

"Have you ever put your finger into your bottom?" asked her mother.
Marcie looked at her mother in shock!

She could barely get the word out, "Yyyyyeeeeess," she said. Laura and
her mom smiled.

"What objects have you put into your ass?" asked Laura. Marcie's voice
was shaking as she told about using her fingers, the handle of her
brush and a tube of lipstick up there.

"Oh, I think we can do better than that." said Laura mysteriously. The
questioning went on as Marcie described everything sexual that she had
ever done. She even the time that her boyfriend Bobby had almost taken
her virginity at the beach. When they had finished asking everything
they could think of, Marcie was flushed and almost panting. She had
never been so turned on in her life!

Laura left the room for a moment and returned carrying a small box.
Marcie was still standing as instructed with her legs apart and her
hands behind her head.

Laura opened the box and leaned over to whisper something to her
mother.

Marcie's mom smiled and nodded her head. Laura looked up at the young
girl.

"Turn around Marcie then bend over and touch your toes." said her
mother, "Laura is going to give you a special present. Marcie did as
she was asked. She hoped that the present wasn't another spanking...
her bottom was already sore.

Between her legs she saw Laura take something out of the box and begin
covering it with some kind of ointment. As Laura turned toward Marcie,
the object became visible as a small plastic dildo that was shiny with
the lubricant covering it.

Marcie felt Laura's fingers at her ass gently spreading her cheeks and
then the cool touch of the object at her anus. Marcie gasped as the
anal intruder was gently but firmly pushed into her body. She was
panting hard when Laura finally let her up, the butt plug now solidly
in place. Marcie could see that both her mom and Laura seemed excited
too. Laura sat down again, leaving Marcie standing in the middle of the
room. The sensation of having the plug holding her anus open was
causing Marcie to tremble. She could feel her juices trickling down her
inner thighs.

"Now, Marcie," said her mother in a throaty voice, "Would you like to
be allowed to come?" Marcie nodded her head. She was so hot that she
was whimpering softly.

She would do anything to be allowed to come. Then ask Mistress Laura to
let you." said her mother.

Marcie turned to Laura, "Please Mistress Laura, please let me."

Laura smiled at her, "Very well Marcie, show us how you can come. Play
with yourself." Marcie dropped her hands to her soaking pussy. Her
fingers found her clit hard and hot. Marcie was so close already that
it only took a moment.

She felt the orgasm start first deep in her belly. She could feel her
tummy start to tremble and then she felt her bottom clamp down hard on
the anal plug.

Well, that was IT! Marcie heard a ringing in her ears and she sank to
her knees as spasm after spasm racked her body. Each peak caused her to
tighten on the butt plug again and each time she did, it caused another
peak. As if from a distance, Marcie heard herself cry out again and
again.

It was quite a few minutes before she finally calmed down. Her body was
covered in sweat and she felt totally drained. She looked up to see
that both her mother and Laura had lifted their skirts and had brought
themselves to their own orgasms! The two older women helped Marcie to
her feet. They helped her with her dress, pulling it over her head and
down over the sexy lingerie. Marcie looked up and asked if she could
take out the plug from her bottom.

Her mother smiled down at her, "No Marcie, you'll wear it until you get
home.

You're boyfriend is waiting for you there you know." A shiver ran down
Marcie's spine as she wondered what further adventures waited for her
at home.




35 Arrested in Georgia

Day three of the vacation was perfect driving weather. The family had
been making their way slowly southward from the Canadian border and so
far the trip had been perfect. Today's drive would take them almost to
their goal in Florida.

For today, however, Katherine and her teenage daughter Kelly were just
enjoying the ride. This was very different from Katherine's normal pace
of life. She was her late 30's and a very busy executive in the
advertising business.

Katherine was a striking woman. She was often mistaken to be in her
mid-twenties and she liked to dress the part. Today she was wearing a
skirt and a loose cotton shirt that she had unbuttoned completely and
had tied in a knot below her breasts. Her husband John loved her this
way, she knew. The family was usually very casual about a dress code
and it wasn't unusual for any one of them to be wandering around the
house naked. Still, dressing this way was more provocative than usual
but "What the heck." she thought, "This is vacation!"

Kelly had just started her spring break from school. She was a
seventeen year old senior who would be in college next year. Kelly was
quickly maturing into a young woman and neither of her parents had
failed to notice. Her figure was a perfect 34-24-34 and her pert little
"B" Cups were topped with thick brown nipples. Kelly seemed to be in a
constant state of arousal and both her parents knew that she was no
longer a virgin. Sex discussed quite openly in the family.

In fact, it was the topic of today's conversation in the car.

"C'mom Mom," said Kelly, "What's the kinkiest stuff that you and dad
do?"

Katherine was surprised to feel herself blush at the question. "C'mom
Mom." taunted her daughter, "'Fess up."

"Oh God!" said Katherine, "O.K. young lady, you asked for it! Your
father and I like mostly to play at bondage games."

"OOOoooo," said Kelly, sitting forward on her seat, "Really?"

"Yes, really." said Katherine, still embarrassed. "He ties me up and
teases me and sometimes he blindfolds me." she sighed, "I guess I
really like being submissive to your dad." Kelly's eyes went wide as
she listened to her mother's confession.

"Wow!" she breathed,

"What does he do to you when you're tied up?"

"Kelly!" exclaimed her mother.

"Please, mom. I want to know."

"Alright said Katherine, "He pinches my nips and he usually licks me
while I'm helpless. He likes touching my behind while I'm tied so I can
usually expect to be spanked just like you are when you're bad. And he
often puts something into my bottom."

"MMMmmmmmm," murmured Kelly smiling. Katherine was now blushing
furiously as she told her daughter how being helpless really turned her
on. Finally Katherine decided to turn the tables.

"What about you Kelly?" she asked, "What's the kinkiest thing you've
ever done?" Now it was Kelly's turn to blush as she realized that she
would have to tell.

"Welllll," she said, "Once when I was at Bobby's place and his parents
weren't there, we started to fool around and we were just about to do
it when Bobby's friend Frank came over. We pulled our clothes together
and Frank came in. God, I was sooooo hot! Anyway, Frank could easily
see that we had been fooling around.

Bobby grinned at Frank.

"Hey Frank," he said, "Do you want to see a little more of Kelly?"
Frank grinned back,

"Sure." Bobby reached over and pulled me close to him. He turned me
around so my back was to him and then he pulled my hands up until they
were behind my head. I was really helpless. Frank was looking at my
stretched body and I felt vulnerable in front of him. Bobby must have
made some kind of sign to him because all of a sudden, Frank moved
forward and started unbuttoning my blouse.

I started to struggle but Bobby had me firmly secured. I wasn't wearing
a bra and my breasts started to come into view. Frank was watching
carefully as my blouse slowly opened complete. My blouse was taken off
and they both got to feel my boobies. Frank pinched my nipples and I
was so hot I thought I was going to come right there! Anyway, they made
me go topless the whole night.

It was pretty great and later, when Bobby and I were alone, it was
wild! He made me strip and get into all kinds of erotic poses for him.
He said that next time he's going to take pictures of me.

Katherine was feeling a little warm herself. Kelly's story had
definitely turned her on. She could feel her own juices flowing between
her legs. All of a sudden there was a sound behind the car. Katherine
looked in the rear view mirror.

There was a police car there! The red and blue lights were happily
turning around and she knew that they were for her. Katherine looked
down at the speedometer and sure enough she was speeding!

"Shit," she said. She had gotten so caught up in Kelly's story that she
hadn't noticed that she was now doing 70mph! Katherine slowed down and
drifted off to the side as the Georgia State Trooper pulled in behind
her. Katherine found herself a little nervous as she waited for the
police officer to walk up to the car. Prepared as she was, the tone of
the cop was unexpected as she lowered her window.

"Get out of the car Ma'am," said the burly cop. Katherine shook her
head in disbelief at the rude tone of the officer. She opened the door
and slowly got out.

"License!" barked the cop. Katherine slowly opened her wallet to hand
over her license. The police officer was leering at Katherine as he
looked at Kelly in the passenger seat.

"So darlin'," he drawled, "Y'all are going to have to come down to the
police station about your speeding fine."

"Just a minute." said Katherine, "Don't you just write me a ticket and
send me on my way?"

"'Fraid not Ma'am. New rules says you gotta come down to the station so
the judge can determine how much your fine should be."

"Well that's just not fair." said Katherine, starting to raise her
voice. "You can write me a fine if you like but I'm not going to take
the rest of my day to pay a silly speeding ticket!"

"Ma'am you can come quietly or I'll have to arrest you. Now get into
the police cruiser."

"I won't do it I tell you." said Katherine.

The next thing she knew, Katherine was facing her car and had been
pushed over the trunk. "Hey!" she shouted as the officer slipped
handcuffs onto her wrists.

By now Kelly, frightened for her mother had come out of the car.

"What are you doing?" she cried.

"Now you just stay out of this Missy." said the cop.

"OK Ma'am, you're under arrest. I'll have to search you now before
you're put into the police car. Just stand still." The cop's rough
hands slid up Katherine's thighs despite her protests and continued
until her white cotton panties. Katherine held her breath. The thick
fingers slid into the elastic of the panties and up along her wet slit.

"Mmmmm," said the cop. Kelly was shocked. She couldn't believe this was
happening. When the policeman's hands slipped into the front of her
mother's shirt to pinch her already hard nipples she leapt at the cop,
jumping on his back.

The tough Georgia cop was much stronger than either of the woman and in
another moment, Kelly found herself handcuffed just like her mother.
"Well, well" said the cop, "Time for your search Missy." his hands
moved slowly up Kelly's skirt and slipped higher and higher. Kelly was
mortified. She knew that in a moment the hands would be high enough to
discover that she was wearing no panties at all. The strong hands of
the policeman spread Kelly's thighs apart as he moved higher. As she
expected, his hands found her hot and wet pussy completely exposed.
Kelly gasped as his thick finger slid along her wet slit. The hands
left her thighs and a moment later she felt them move under her T-shirt
to find her budding breasts. The nipples were hard and despite herself
Kelly moaned as he pinched them.

"Ok you two into the car now." said the cop. Neither of the two women
said anything during the ten minute drive to the police station.

They were hustled into the building in short order and brought to a
bench outside an office. "Wait here" said the cop. Another ten minutes
passed by waiting. Their wrists were still held by the handcuffs. An
officer came up to them then and brought them into an office. They were
brought in front of the desk of another officer. This one seemed to be
in charge. He looked up at Katherine first.

"Well Ma'am, I don't suppose you realize just how much trouble you're
in here."

he said.

"This is outrageous!" started Katherine but she was quickly cut off.

"Just a minute!" said the cop, "I've got you down here for reckless
driving and resisting arrest and that alone could put you in jail for 6
months so you just mind your manners." Katherine shut up as though a
bucket of water had been thrown on her.

"Now then." said the cop, "You'll be staying in our own jail overnight
and the judge will see you in the morning. But you'd best mind your
manners because I can tell you that the officers her aren't likely to
take kindly to you putting up a ruckus. They've been known to put a
young lady over their knee for being impolite so watch yourself. This
officer here will bring you to the detention cells." Katherine was
about to protest again but one look from the policeman and she though
the better of it. The judge would let them go soon enough, she figured.

The younger officer brought them out of the office and along a
corridor. In front of a locked door, he told Kelly to wait on the
bench. Katherine was brought into the room where there was a table and
a chair.

"Take off all your clothes." said the young cop. Katherine looked up
wide-eyed.

"Ma'am, you can do it yourself, or I'll call a couple of strong armed
policemen to do it for you." Hesitantly Katherine reached up for the
remaining buttons on her shirt. Given the few clothes she was wearing,
it did not take long until she was naked. Her hands reflexively covered
her naked breasts and pussy.

"Turn around and bend over the table." said the cop. Nervously,
Katherine did as she was asked. The table was cool against her breasts.
"Spread your legs Ma'am."

said the cop. Katherine spread her long tanned thighs. She watched the
policeman walk around her to a counter running along the wall. Her eyes
got wider as she watched him put on a plastic glove and cover it with
jelly. He disappeared from view behind her. Two of his long thin
fingers touched her naked pussy and in one long slow motion, slid deep
into her pussy. She reached up on her toes as he pushed deep into her.
The fingers moved in and out slightly, further exciting the hot young
woman. After twisting in and out a few times, the fingers slid out of
her. Katherine thought the humiliating examination was over but there
was more to come.

The slippery fingers now touched her tinier more sensitive opening. "Oh
no..." murmured Katherine as the same two fingers pushed into her hot
anus. They slid deeper and deeper putting Katherine back on her toes as
they twisted slowly.

Katherine had never been able to resist being touched in her ass. The
sensation had always seemed a 'naughty' thing. The rectal exam was, if
anything, longer and slower as the fingers moved in and out of her
tight opening. When they were finally withdrawn, Katherine was left
gasping for air with her face beat-red.

Knowing that her pussy juices were now flowing freely from the
stimulation had her even more embarrassed. The cop gave her a short
cotton shift to put on that was not unlike a hospital gown. Katherine
was acutely aware of her nakedness as she was led from a side door into
a regular jail cell.

The cop returned to the waiting Kelly who was still outside the main
door to the examining room. "Come in." said the cop. Nervously Kelly
entered the room her mother had just vacated. "Remove all your
clothes." said the cop. This was too much. With the exception of the
one time with her boyfriend Bobby, Kelly had never been seen naked by a
man. Despite the cop's continuing request, Kelly would not remove her
clothes. Without further ado, the strong young officer grabbed Kelly's
wrists and pulled her over his knee as he sat in the chair.

"You're going to learn to obey young lady." he said as he pulled her
skirt right to her waist. Kelly's pantyless bottom was exposed to his
view. The spanking was hard and hot and Kelly felt her bottom was on
fire as he pulled her back onto her feet.

Without further prompting Kelly removed her skirt and T-shirt and bent
over the table as directed. She blushed a deep red when instructed to
spread her legs but did as she was told. When the policeman put on the
plastic glove, Kelly shuddered but obediently remained in her exposed
position. The long fingers slid into her tight teenage pussy sliding
easily thanks to the juices of the already horny young girl. The
fingers started a slow in and out movement and Kelly found herself
rocking back and forth pressing harder and harder onto the fingers. She
was almost sorry when they were pulled from her. The finger at the
entrance to her bottom was completely unexpected, however. Kelly gasped
as the slippery finger pressed against her puckered opening.

"Oh!" gasped Kelly as the finger forced its way past her sphincter and
into her hot rectum. Kelly had never experienced anything like this
before. The feeling of the long finger working its way slowly into her,
opening her up and holding her open was incredible. Kelly couldn't
catch her breath as she found herself pushing back on the finger trying
to pull more of it into her hot bottom. The long leisurely rectal exam
lasted a couple of minutes and left Kelly panting and moaning by the
time it was over.

Kelly was dressed in the same cotton gown as her mother and brought to
an adjoining cell. Her hands were handcuffed to the head of the bed.
Despite her desperate situation, Kelly's hands pulled against the cuffs
as she tried to reach her soaking pussy. The exam had left her hot and
soaking wet and she was dying to bring herself relief. The morning was
not long in coming and Kelly was nervous as she waited patiently for
her court appearance.

She had been awakened several times by the guards for 'inspections'.
Each time they came in, she was terrified that she would be raped, but
each time they seemed interested only in turning on her young body. She
was stripped and held helpless, while the men examined her naked body.
Each time, she was left hot, wet and very frustrated and each time, the
embarrassment of the examination seemed to turn her on more.

Now it was morning and she wondered what would happen next. The door to
the cell opened quite suddenly and as Kelly moved into the corridor,
she saw her mother, Katherine being brought from her cell also clothed
in only the thin cotton shift. Kelly expected that they would be
allowed to put on their own clothing before going into the courtroom
next door but they were not. Acutely aware of her naked bottom showing
in the open back of the gown, Kelly and Katherine were pulled into the
next room to meet the judge.

"Well, now." he said upon seeing them, "You two ladies are in a fair
amount of trouble. I've reviewed all the evidence and I'm prepared to
sentence you. Is there anything you'd like to say on your own behalf
before I do?" Katherine was shocked.

"But, don't we even get a trial?" she asked.

"Oh, but you did Missy." said the judge. "You were found guilty as can
be. OK then, as far as sentence goes, I can tell you that we have a
particular method of punishing young ladies. So, your sentence is set
at 1 year in jail or punishment at the bailiff's discretion." Katherine
was pale.

"What does that mean your honor?" she asked.

The judge smiled. "That means that you and your pretty young daughter
can spend a year in our fine jail or you'll be punished immediately as
the sheriff sees fit. That'll probably mean that you won't be sitting
too well for a while. You can have five minutes to make up your mind."

Katherine and Kelly sat down in the little courtroom to discus their
fate. "Are you ok?" asked Katherine.

"Sure Mom." said her daughter. "What should we do?"

"I don't think we have any choice to tell you the truth." said
Katherine. "I think we're going to have to choose being spanked. I
certainly don't plan for us to spend the next year here in jail!"

"Ok." said Kelly nervously.

The two pretty women stood up and faced the judge. "We've decided."
Katherine told him, "We'll accept the sheriff's punishment." The judge
smiled again as the sheriff led the two of them out of the courtroom
and into a separate room. In the center of the room was a vaulting
horse just like you'd find in a high school gymnasium. The two women
were pulled to the center of the room and their gowns were removed
leaving them completely naked.

"You first." said the sheriff pointing to Katherine. The two deputies
took the older woman and brought her to the end of the vault. Her
ankles were attached to the legs of the vault and spread wide apart.
Leather cuffs were attached to her wrists and then pulled forward until
she was stretched out along the leather vault, her breasts pressed into
the cool leather. Kelly watched, fascinated from behind as all her
mother's charms were revealed. She saw that, like her, her mother had
been 'attended to' last night. The slick sheen of lubricant was evident
between her shapely buttocks.

The sheriff came forward and put an open jar of Vaseline on Katherine's
back.

His long fingers dipped into the jar and then moved down to Katherine's
tiny opening. As first one, then two fingers penetrated her, Katherine
was unable to contain a moan as the fingers slid deep into her. Kelly
watched as despite herself, her mother began thrusting her hips
backward to get more of the fingers into her.

Now the sheriff removed his fingers and then Kelly watched him take out
a small object from his pocket. She didn't recognize it at first. It
was made out of white plastic and was about 4 inches long. It was thin
at one end then flared out to about an inch or an inch and a half wide
in the middle then tapered in again to about a half inch wide before
joining a "T" shaped end piece. As the sheriff placed the tapered end
of the device to the puckered entrance of her mother's bottom, Kelly
suddenly realized that once this object was inserted into the rectum,
it would be firmly lodged there until the sheriff pulled it out.

Kelly had never had anything in her bottom before she was examined
there yesterday but the thought of this anal plug was very distracting.
Kelly caught herself clenching her buttocks as she wondered what it
would be like to have that inserted in her. The plug had now been
inserted into Katherine and Kelly heard her moans of arousal as the 
sheriff toyed with it. Katherine was beside herself. She could not
remember ever being so turned on. The plug in her ass was driving her
crazy. Now she saw the sheriff reach for a paddle. Katherine heard the
whoosh of the paddle as it swung down onto her bottom. The heat of the
smack took her breath away. The next followed immediately after. The
spanking was certainly not light but Katherine had frankly been
prepared for worse. The heat from the paddle was burning her behind but
was also travelling right through her body. In particular, her pussy
was getting hotter and hotter. Katherine could feel her own juices
trickling down her inner thighs. The spanking stopped long enough for
the sheriff to play with her anal plug then started again.

When next he stopped, Katherine was breathing hard. Her hips were
squirming in constant motion from the sting of the paddle and the
constant stimulation of her anus. One of the deputies knelt down behind
her and Kelly watched as a small dildo was slid into her mother's
soaking pussy. 'Are they going to do that to me?', she wondered.
Katherine was beside herself. The sensation of finally having her pussy
touched was incredible. She was so close to coming that she knew it
would be soon. The paddling started again on her already hot and red
bottom. Katherine's hips were in moving all over the leather vault as
she pulled at her bonds.

All of a sudden both the plug in her bottom and the plug in her pussy
started to vibrate. With the paddle still descending, and this new
sensation in her most intimate openings, it was too much. Katherine
felt the orgasm starting from deep in her belly. She pulled frantically
at the leather cuffs surrounding her wrists and ankles as she cried
out. The orgasm came in wave after wave coming again as she clenched
her anus down hard on the vibrating butt plug. Finally, it and her
'punishment' was over. Now it was Kelly's turn.

Katherine was taken off of the vault and Kelly was led over. Her young
teenage body had never been so turned on. Seeing her pretty mother
punished and then brought to orgasm in the way that she was had been an
incredible experience. Now she was being tied across the vault just as
her mother had been. The leather was warm where Katherine had lain
across it moments earlier and Kelly could feel her mother's juices at
the end of the vault. Her legs were spread wide apart and fastened to
the legs and then her pert young breasts were pressed into the warm
leather as her wrists were attached far out in front of her. Kelly felt
the jar of Vaseline as it was placed on the small of her back and as
the fingers sheriff's fingers touched her tiny anal opening, she tried
in vain to clench her buttocks. First one then two fingers pressed
firmly into her bottom as she was lubricated in preparation for the
plug that would soon be placed there.

Katherine watched, her plug still inside her although not now vibrating
as her daughter was prepared for her punishment. Katherine had never
seen her daughter exposed like this before and she could see her toes
curl as the sheriff's fingers slid in and out of her tight bottom.
Kelly's pussy juices were plainly evident and Katherine knew that Kelly
would also be coming shortly. The spanking proceeded just like it had
for the older woman and Katherine watched, fascinated, as the vibrating
anal plug was inserted then turned on. The paddle descended upon
Kelly's naked buttocks turning them a bright pink. Kelly's breathing
got louder and louder and Katherine shuddered with excitement as Kelly
pulled desperately at her bonds as she cried out during her orgasm.

Exhausted, their bottoms sore, the two pretty women were given back
their clothes and driven out to their car, still waiting by the side of
the road. As the officer let them out of the police cruiser he tipped
his hat to the two women. "Y'all enjoy the rest of your day." he
chuckled and then drove off. As Katherine and Kelly got into their car,
Katherine reached over and hugged Kelly to her.

"Well, I'll say this." she said, "I'm sure not going to be speeding in
the near future." Kelly laughed and then gave her mother a strange
look.

"Oh, I don't know." she said, "My bottom's sure sore. But I don't think
I've ever been that turned on."

"Me neither." Admitted Katherine as she wondered if this was only the
beginning.




36 Sam and His Young Sisters

When he was 8 or so, Sam discovered the game of "Playing Doctor". Sam
had 2 sisters. One was just 6 at the time and the other was only two
years old but already, he had noticed that there were some differences
between boys and girls.

The grownups seemed to want to discourage Sam's discovery but he was
not to be thwarted. Sam had already talked to his best friend Mark
about this and Mark had told him some VERY interesting news. Mark's
sister Paula was only a year younger than him and Mark had already
"Played Doctor" with her. Sam was very excited. He and Mark arranged to
go over to Mark's house the next day when his parents would be absent
to "play".

The next day Sam was up early. His parents remarked on how eager he was
to get over to Mark's house to play but when they asked him what they
would do there the answer was oddly vague. Sam was soon on his way over
to Mark's and very soon they were in the basement, getting ready for
their game. They set up a kind of "fort". The kind that kids are won't
to set up in basements, it was made of whatever materials they could
find then covered with blankets and sleeping bags.

Soon, Paula was enticed downstairs with promises of popsicles and other
delights. She was very hesitant when she saw Sam but Mark became quite
stern and told her she would be getting a spanking if she did not do as
she was told. They let her into the fort and climbed in after her. They
were, of a necessity, sitting down. Mark looked over at Paula and told
her to take off her dress.

Paula hesitated and Mark told her that her spanking would be worse if
she waited. The dress was removed leaving Paula in her young girl
panties. They were white cotton with tiny blue dots all over them.
Paula was instructed to get on her hands and knees and she did so,
presenting her taught little bottom to the boys. Mark reached over and
ever so slowly pulled the panties to her knees. A moment later they
were worked off her legs and she was naked. She was ordered to open her
legs next.

The two boys peered up into her smooth tiny little slit. Sam would
remember the scene for the rest of his life. He would often want girls
to get into this position and, when he was older and experimenting with
dominance and submission, he would have young submissive girls, wait in
this position for ages while he examined them.

Mark now ordered Paula onto her back and she turned over and obediently
spread her knees. First Mark then Sam took turns touching her tiny
pussy. They attempted to push their fingers into her but were only able
to do so for about a half-inch before Paula complained. Sam was
delighted and obviously Mark was too.

They had Paula get into a variety of positions each one exposing
herself a little differently.

Finally, Mark told her that it was time for her spanking. Paula,
complained that she had been a good girl, but Mark was unrelenting.
Paula bent over Mark's lap and then, at his insistence, spread her legs
so Sam could get a good view. The spanking was brief and not very hard
but Sam could see Paula's bottom get a little pink under Mark's
smacking hand. Paula was next ordered to lie across Sam's lap.
Reluctantly she did so. Sam was beside himself. He rested his left hand
in the small of her back and his right on the curve of her tiny
buttocks.

His first few tentative smacks were featherweight and it was Paula who
told him to spank harder. Sam did so and thus gave his very first
spanking. It was not to be his last.

The next weekend it was Sam's sister's turn and she suffered much the
same fate as Paula. Both Sam and Mark noticed the differences between
the two girls bodies and vowed to arrange to have them both together in
one room. It took a couple of months to arrange it but finally all four
were in the room at one time. Mark and Sam were both 9 now and Paula
and Nancy were 8 and 7 respectively. Once they were all in Mark's
basement and the parents were gone, the girls were ordered to follow
the boy's instructions exactly. They were very shy in front of each
other but agreed finally.

Nancy was ordered to stand in the middle of the room with her hands up
above her head. Then Paula was told to take off her dress. Nancy almost
quit then, but after a minute or two, decided to stay. Paula removed
her dress, then, as instructed her little panties. This left Nancy
completely naked. Paula was next and Nancy removed all of her clothes.
Paula had begun having a few pubic hairs and this was the object of
much attention of the rest of the kids. Her tiny pussy was examined
minutely by all three kids. Paula was red with embarrassment but she
followed the instructions.

The "Doctor's examination" was much the same as before with the
exception that the girls each joined in for the exam. When they were
spanked, each bent over the lap of one of the boys then half-way
through, they switched. The girls seemed to enjoy themselves but the
guys loved it. These types of scenes continued for years. Each was more
involved than the last.

Sam continued playing with Mark for a couple of years then they drew
apart. The "doctor's exams" continued however. Sam remembered being 18
years old when the last occasion arose. He and his sister were visiting
the country home of one of Nancy's best friends. They were now both 15
years old. Sam knew for a fact that they were both virgins. The trip
had been pretty much uneventful until the third day. Sam and the girls
had gone for a canoe trip across the lake. The trip was not very long
and was not very difficult but it resulted in the three kids being in
complete privacy. They beached the canoe on the opposite side of the
lake and proceeded up the trail there until they came to a tiny
clearing at the top of a hill. The scenery was beautiful.

While sitting around, Sam started to talk about the games of "Playing
Doctor" when they were younger. He and his sister had not played in
several months. She was becoming quite well developed he had noticed
and was already considering different boyfriends. Janice was even
better developed than Nancy. Her breasts were already quite large and
her bottom was the curvy kind that would probably get her in a lot of
trouble in later years. Sam imagined it bent over his lap.

The stories got more and more detailed and the three kids got more and
more excited. Finally Sam asked the girls if they wanted to play. Nancy
looked at Janice for a moment and they both nodded in unison.

Sam started by ordering Janice to strip Nancy. Nancy helped her best
friend remove article after article until at last she was completely
naked. Sam instructed her to hold her hands behind her head. The view
was excellent. Her pussy hair was brown and curly and the sight of her
breasts was delicious. Her nipples were still pink and not particularly
large. Sam knew, however, how sensitive they were.

Nancy was told to turn around and the other two got a good look at her
curvy behind. Sam told Janice to reach down and spread Nancy's
buttocks. She hesitated a moment before obeying. Nancy gasped as they
were spread apart. Her pink anus came into view and Sam had Janice hold
her like that for a moment, leaving it exposed. Janice was next. Nancy
stripped her quickly and as her firm breasts came into view, Sam stood
up. Her nipples were very large. They were thick and long. They were
the same pink as Nancy's but their size had Sam mesmerized. Her pussy
hair was a perfect blonde. Janice too was turned and had her cheeks
spread. The sensation must have been a new one for her because Sam
could see her embarrassment.

Janice was the first to be examined. Sam had her lie on her back just
like in a doctor's office. Her knees were spread wide apart and he had
Nancy hold them open. Sam got down between her legs and started
touching her pussy. He toyed with her blonde hairs and gently rubbed
her. He leaned back a bit and ordered Nancy to do the same. Her fingers
were trembling slightly as she reached forward to rub the young slit.
Sam and Nancy could see that the pussy lips were moist.

Sam reached down and ever so slowly pushed a finger into Janice. She
moaned and pushed her hips up at the feeling. Sam was startled for a
moment and then pushed a little deeper.

He was rewarded by Janice pushing up harder at him. Soon he had his
whole finger buried in her pussy. He started them moving in and out
slowly and Janice's hips moved up and down of their own accord. He
pulled out of her and had Nancy replace his finger with hers. Nancy did
so and soon was moving her finger in and out. Sam slid his hand lower
and felt the juices of the teenager sliding down between her cheeks. He
let one finger trace them down into the sensitive crack and then slowly
pushed one into her bottom. Janice opened her eyes and gasped.

Evidently she had never experienced that before. Nancy's finger was
still moving in her and now Sam's finger entered slowly into her rear.
The feeling must have been exquisite for Janice. Sam felt Nancy's
finger as he pushed still deeper.

All of a sudden, Janice gasped and tightened her whole body still
pushing up into Nancy's finger and then down onto Sam's.

When Janice had calmed down, it was Nancy's turn. Janice was very
hesitant about touching Nancy and Sam had her get onto her hands and
knees and reach back to display her anus. The position was very
submissive. Sam had Janice wet her fingers in Nancy's pussy and then it
was Janice who had to insert her finger into Nancy's rear. It did not
take long for Nancy to come. She was already hot from playing with her
friend Janice. As she started to spasm, she collapsed on the grass.
When they had all calmed down, Sam had Janice and Nancy remove his
clothes and then licked him until he came. The sensation of two hot
tongues touching him was incredible. The girls licked him with wanton
abandon, running their hands across his chest and playing with his
balls. They slurped up his juices from his belly until he was clean
again.

That was the last time that Sam and his sisters got together but the
experience of dominating the young girls stayed with him until later
years. His experiences as a dominant were always reminiscent of his
youth with his young submissive sisters.




37 Jennifer and her Mistress

"Jennifer, it's time to go." Jennifer looked up, her eyes wide.
Jennifer was a gorgeous 18 year old blonde. Her large brown eyes looked
up at you nervously.

She was trembling. You and she had talked about this trip for weeks.
Now the time had finally come and Jennifer was apprehensive about
submitting in the way she would tonight. Your own nipples tingled in
anticipation as you thought of what would be happening over the next
few hours. Jennifer would be following your instructions just as she
had over the last few months. She would be undressed, tied and teased
in much the same way. The difference tonight is that she would be doing
all this while your Master was present. Jennifer was not a virgin but
she had never been submissive with a man. You had introduced her to the
joys of dominant/submissive fun yourself several months ago.

You think back, remembering the shy young girl who had fallen,
infatuously, in lust with you. You would be her first female lover and
you smile as you remember that evening when you lay out the rules of
how it would be. Jennifer had been very nervous then too as you had
watched her undress. You had remained fully clothed as she undressed
before you. It was an evening of "firsts". That evening, she had been
tied for the first time, she experienced being licked by another woman
for the first time, she felt her bottom penetrated for the first time.
Yes, it had been an enjoyable evening. You told her that first night,
that one day, you would display her for your Master and now, that day
had arrived.

The last few hours had been carefully scripted out. You and Jennifer
had been "preparing" her since the morning. You had first given her a
long, sensuous bath, followed by a warm, slow rubdown. Jennifer was
immediately uncomfortable, not used to having you pamper over her. You
wanted everything to be perfect.

Before you let her up, you had her turn onto her back and raise her
knees.

Jennifer was never comfortable about having her bottom touched but this
did not deter you as you reached a well oiled finger between her legs
and slid it slowly but firmly into her tight teenage bottom. Her hips
lifted involuntarily from the table as you lubricated her deeply. As
usual, she was not allowed to wear panties or a bra and the white dress
you have her wear is almost see through.

She has been dressed provocatively before but her appearance now is
practically an offering. When you look directly, her erect brown
nipples are clearly visible as they poke at the thin fabric of the
dress. You have her stand and turn for you. The backless dress shows
off her tanned back beautifully and you can just make out the tan lines
on her bottom as she faces away from you. You know that I will love the
look.

There is one more touch to add before you leave. You have Jennifer
stand in front of you and you gently attach leather cuffs to her wrists
and ankles. You can see her breathing quicken as the bonds are
attached. You remember the first time that you wore such leather
restraints and you feel the familiar tingle between your legs that
reminds you of how much you love it. You take your carry bag that has
been carefully packed with a number of toys and you tell her to follow
you.

Downstairs and into the car, Jennifer follows obediently. You can see
that the whole idea of submitting to her Mistress' Master is a turn-on
for her. Jennifer seems relieved to be actually in the car, her leather
wrist and ankle cuffs thankfully out of the public eye for the moment.
She lifts her dress to her waist, following the training you have given
her to always sit her flesh directly onto the seat. You drive the car
out of the center of town and into a nearby suburb. It is evening. You
stop on a quiet suburban street and reach into the bag. You pull out a
blindfold and use it to cover Jennifer's eyes.

"Lean forward." you say and the young girl obediently does so, allowing
you to fasten her wrists together behind her. The drive continues for a
few minutes and finally, you pull up into the circular drive of a
pretty suburban home.

"Kick off your shoes Jennifer. You won't be needing them for the rest
of the evening." Jennifer kicks her shoes off her feet leaving her
barefoot.

"Wait here for instructions Jennifer. Someone will tell you what to
do." You get out of the car and walk into the house. I am waiting for
you. We wait for a couple of minutes, letting Jennifer's anticipation
build.

We both walk out to the car and you open the passenger door. Without
saying anything, you reach in and take Jennifer by the arm. She is
breathing heavily.

With her blindfold on, she has no idea who is leading her out of the
car and into the house. The feeling of being barefoot on the cool
asphalt of the driveway is very strange for her but does not last long
as you lead her into the house. Once inside, Jennifer is brought into
the den where I have been prepared for her for hours. You leave her
standing in the middle of the room as I take several pictures of her.

"Get her ready." I say to you. You move forward and undo the wrist
cuffs attached behind her back.

"Stand still." you say. I watch as Jennifer stands, trembling slightly
while you remove her flimsy white dress. In a moment it is done, and
she stands naked in front of us.

You attach her wrist cuffs to a convenient rope dangling from the
ceiling and I pull her wrists above her head until she is stretched
upward. Her ankles are next and you attach them to ropes that pull them
apart until she is on tiptoe, spread wide and helpless before us. She
is still blindfolded and we leave her that way while you take some more
pictures of her. I move forward now and touch her for the first time.
She gasps as she feels the unfamiliar fingers stroke her breast,
stretched tight against her chest. I grasp her already hard nipple and
pull it out from her body. Her left nipple is next and as I pull it
out, I attach one of the nipple clips to it. The first nipple feels the
pinching feeling of a clip as I attach that next. I move away from the
young girl enjoying the view of her body stretched out before us with
the prominent nipple clips sticking out from her.

Her blonde pussy hair is in a pretty thatch between her thighs. We had
discussed for weeks whether or not it should be shaved and had decided
that it would be removed in my presence. You know that Jennifer is very
apprehensive about being removed. I reach down to tug at it. "This will
be removed today." I tell her.

She shudders in reply.

I motion you behind her and you pick up the hot lubricant and her butt
plug as you do. I see your finger dip deeply into the jar of Hot-Lube
and then slide between her curvy buttocks. She gasps again as the thin
finger slides into her.

The plug is next and I watch her arch her back trying in vain to avoid
the plastic intruder as it is slid into the tiny opening. The heat of
the Hot Lube is immediate and she immediately starts to squirm in her
bonds. We move back and a number of pictures are taken from all angles.
"Alright," I say, "Take her down."

You release her from her bondage and lead her over to the doctor's
examining table. As soon as she is on it, she realizes what it is and
when her feet go into the stirrups, she is sure. She whimpers,
wondering what will happen next. I reach down to play with her plug as
you fasten her wrists and ankles to convenient clips in the table. I
watch and photograph as you slowly and carefully remove all of her
pussy hair. I can see her blush deeply as she realizes that it is being
removed. Her pussy lips have begun to puff out and I can just see a
trickle of her juices running down to further lubricate her butt plug,
still sticking obscenely from her bottom. When she is smooth as a baby
and her white pussy lips have been gently oiled, we take yet more
pictures.

Jennifer is released again and brought to the bed. "Get into your
submissive position." you tell her. She does so quickly, kneeling down
on the bed with her knees wide apart. She bends forward to rest her
head on the bed and reaches back to expose her filled anus and newly
shaved pussy. The scene is exquisite I take several more pictures of
it. I have you strip and bend over and insert your own plug before we
continue. You are in for the treat you've been waiting for and I have
you lie on your back and I slide half of a large double dildo into your
soaking pussy. You are close to coming and I have to go slowly to keep
you from getting there too quickly.

When you are filled to the hilt, I stand and remove my own clothing.
You move behind the young teenager and I watch as you touch the tip of
the plastic penis to her now smooth pussy. I get onto the bed in front
of the young girl.

"Attach her wrists again." I say. You take her hands from her buttocks
and fasten the cuffs once again behind her back. I watch as you hold
onto her wrists and begin to slide the long cock into her.

"Open your mouth Jennifer." I say. Jennifer obediently follows my
instructions.

I sit down in front of her and guide her young mouth over my very erect
cock. She hungrily slides it down her throat. As she does, you push
forward impaling her on the cock that now fills you both. She pushes
back hard as your smooth pussy slides up against her. You start to push
and pull in and out of her in a steady rhythm. I grasp her hair in both
hands and pull her head up and down onto my cock. I can see you reach
down with one hand to twist her plug and I feel her moan as you do so.
The orgasm that has been building in the young girl starts peak and
this time, we do not stop it. She gasps openly and then sucks even
tighter onto me as her belly starts to explode with all the sensations
happening at once. Her nipples, still firmly grasped by the nipple
clips seem to swell as she rams back into you, pushing the double dildo
deeper into both of your pussies. You push hard at her anal plug and
you watch her tiny ass clench at the intruder.

Suddenly you are coming too and I hear you cry out with pleasure. I
pull Jennifer's head down to hold my cock tightly with her talented
mouth and a moment later, she feels my cock shoot deep into her throat.
Well trained as she is, she swallows my come thankfully, licking the
last of it from my cock. It is several minutes before we have all
calmed down and are lying on the bed.

Jennifer's hands are still fastened behind her with the leather cuffs
that will remain on her for the rest of the night. You reach up to
unfasten her blindfold and as it is removed she looks up, seeing me for
the first time.

"Jennifer," you say, "this is our Master."




38 First Meeting with her Master

Erika knocked on the door tentatively. This meeting had been a long
time in coming and now, finally, it was here. When she knocked on the
door, she would be meeting her Master for the first time. They had been
communicating by Electronic Mail for months and knew that they enjoyed
the same things. Erika couldn't remember ever being so excited by a
man. He knew exactly what he wanted and Erika knew that he would be
exactly as she expected. Erika had spoken with him many times about
this meeting and had even gone over the whole agenda with him.

"I shouldn't be so nervous." she said to herself, "It's not like I
don't know what's happening." Knowing what she expected was, however,
of no comfort to Erika. She knew that Master Jeffrey would do exactly
what he intended to and that she would obey him completely. Erika had
never had to giver herself to anyone like that. It was nerve wracking
to say the least.

The knock sounded too loud as Erika knocked on the hotel room door. She
heard a movement inside and her heart started to pound. A moment later
the door opened and Erika looked at her Master for the first time.

"Hello." he said in a strong voice.

"Thank God." Erika thought to herself, "He's not ugly". She didn't
realize that she had been holding her breath.

"Come in." said Master Jeffrey. Erika entered the hotel room. Jeffrey
told her to stand right in the middle of the room as he sat down. Erika
was nervous standing there as her Master sat looking at her. "Turn
around for me Erika." said Jeffrey. Obediently, Erika turned around
slowly.

When she had turned around so that her back was facing Jeffrey, he told
her to stop. Erika now found her heart pounding furiously. She knew
that she would soon be exposed to her Master and although she had
waited for this for ages, now that it was here, it was both exciting
and very scary. "Lift your dress Erika." said her Master. Erika reached
down to grasp the hem of her light summer dress.

Slowly, she began pulling it up her long tanned legs as the hem of the
light fabric slid up over her smooth buttocks, it revealed that she had
not worn panties. Her tan line and now the full curve of her bottom
came into view. When her dress reached her waist, Jeffrey told her to
stop. He left her there for a couple of minutes. Erika got steadily
more and more excited as Jeffrey made her wait there holding her dress
to her waist. Her bottom was completely exposed to him.

After a few minutes, Jeffrey told her to remove her dress altogether.
Erika was almost relieved that she was finally able to take some
action. She pulled the light cotton dress over her head leaving her in
only her shoes.

"The shoes too." said Jeffrey. Erika slipped out of the shoes. Now she
was completely naked. "Clasp your hands behind your head Erika." said
her Master.

Erika followed her instructions. She was left there like that for a
minute or two. She heard a movement behind her and knew that, at last,
Jeffrey had gotten up. She heard him and then saw him as he moved
around to stand in front of her.

At last! Finally, she was there, naked in front of her Master. Erika
could feel her legs trembling slightly as she held herself in the
exposing position. Erika was dying to have her Master touch her. "Just
a nipple." she thought, "If he would only pinch my nipple, I think I
could come."

Jeffrey was in no hurry. He knew that this young slave was his for the
night. He walked completely around her examining carefully each part of
her body. He looked at her breasts, her face, her neck, he spent a long
time looking at her shaved pussy.

The whole experience was quite embarrassing for Erika. When Jeffrey was
back behind her again, she finally felt his hands caressing her
buttocks. His hands, at once, strong but gentle, rubbed over the curve
of her buttocks from her thigh to her waist. Erika let out a little
moan despite herself.

All of a sudden Erika felt Jeffrey's hands grasping both her cheeks at
once and her anus was immediately exposed by him pulling her buttocks
apart. Erika gasped. She had known that he would expose that most
private part of her body but she hadn't mentally prepared for it
happening right now. What else would she experience that would be
unexpected, she wondered. He held her buttocks open for a minute or so
before releasing them.

"Alright young lady, into your submissive position." he said. Erika
lowered herself to her knees and spread her knees as wide apart as she
could manage.

Then she bent forward at the waist until her forehead touched the
floor. Arching her back so that her shoulders almost touched the floor
with her head, she reached back with both hands to hold her bottom open
wide for her Master. "No, no," said Jeffrey, "Not on the floor, up here
on the table."

Erika's face turned beat red. The table was right in front of the
window and the window's curtains were open. Slowly, Erika moved up on
the table and arranged herself into her submissive position. She felt
Jeffrey making minute adjustments too posture. First he nudged on leg a
little further apart. Then he had her arch her back a little more.

"Open your buttocks a little wider Erika." he told her. Obediently,
Erika pulled her buttocks as wide apart as possible. She didn't have
long to wait.

While kneeling there, wondering how she would be left there, she
suddenly felt a finger touch her anus. The finger was obviously covered
in a thick layer of lubricant and it wasted no time in rubbing that
lubricant into her rectal opening. Erika gasped out loud as the finger
slide slowly but firmly into her bottom. It held itself there for a
moment, letting Erika become accustomed to the feeling of the warm
finger holding her open. Her Master's finger started to move slowly
now. First in and out and then with a gentle twisting motion. Erika
moaned again as a second finger was added to the first. When her bottom
was very slippery and tingling from excitement, the fingers were slowly
withdrawn. Erika felt herself totally open.

Erika felt two fingers touch her soaking pussy and position themselves
at the opening to her hot pink lips. She tried to move backward to
press herself onto the teasing fingers but her Master wouldn't let her.
Now she felt the tip of her large anal plug touching her bottom. She
moaned out loud, begging for him to push it into her.

"Stay perfectly still, Erika." said her Master. Erika was holding her
breath as the first 1/2" of the plug pushed into her. Her legs started to
tremble at the effort of not moving back to impale herself. All of a
sudden the plug started to move resolutely forward. At the same time,
the two fingers started pushing into her drenched slit. The long, fat
plug pushed into her at a steady rate, slowly filling her and
stretching her rectal opening larger.

As the fattest part of the plug slid into her, Erika gasped. The two
fingers were slowly sliding into her at the same time. Erika's breath
was now ragged.

When the plug was firmly seated, the fingers slowly withdrew until
Erika was left just with the plug. Jeffrey sat down to watch her.
Erika's hips moved involuntarily up and down as though she was
sensuously humping someone. The sight was erotic to say the least.
Erika's hands were still holding her buttocks open for her Master's
pleasure. The white plug sticking out of her was a real turn on for her
Master.

Jeffrey sat down behind her and sipped at his drink. Erika had been too
close to coming and now, she was calming down. Soon, she would be ready
for what was next. When she had calmed down somewhat, Jeffrey ordered
her to turn over and lie on her back. Erika slowly did so. He had her
grasp the inside of her knees with her hands and pull them wide apart.
Erika had never been so exposed. Her shaved pussy was completely open
to Jeffrey and her plug was still clearly visible and accessible to her
Master. Erika watched as Jeffrey picked up the camera. The shot of her
from between her legs was the most embarrassing Erika had ever endured.

"Don't worry," he said, "Tomorrow will be even more interesting when I
take pictures of you and your girlfriend together. Erika shuddered as
the photo was taken. The plug was gently pulled from her and Erika
heard herself moan as it left her. Jeffrey covered it again with more
lubricant and slid it gently back into her.

Erika was still holding her knees obediently apart. The plug slid
deeply into her, again holding her anus open. The plug had only been in
a moment when Erika felt another sensation in her bottom. The plug had
been covered not with lubricant but with a hot ointment! The tingling
in her rectum began turning warmer and warmer and as Jeffrey gently
twisted the plug Erika began to squirm.

Her juices were flowing freely now and Erika felt the trickle of them
slide down her hot thighs and along her crack. She was unable to stop
squirming now.

Jeffrey took her hands and tied them to the top of the table and
fastened them firmly with leather straps. Other, thicker leather straps
came from the side of the table and were attached to her thighs just
above her knees. Her feet were left free but the other bonds left her
completely helpless anyway. Her feet were left dangling in midair and
her pussy and ass were even more exposed than before.

Jeffrey moved down between her legs again and she watched, embarrassed
as he took a picture of her bound and helpless body. He leaned over her
and dabbed a dollop of the hot ointment on her already erect nipples.
Immediately they stood up harder than before as the incessant tingling
began. Erika was panting openly now as she broke into a sweat. She was
unable to stop squirming and begged Jeffrey to enter her.

He chuckled as he shook his head, "Not yet little one. There is much
more to come first."

"I'll never survive it." thought Erika.

A blindfold was next and the sensations in Erika's body seemed to
heighten as her sight was taken from her. She moaned, unable to contain
the sound. Her nipples were hot and aching and her anus, still held
open by the hot plug was clenching spasmodically. Erika heard Jeffrey
move down to between her tied legs again and again she heard the sound
of the camera as her condition was again recorded for her Master's
amusement. The touch of the ice cube against Erika's inner thigh caused
her to gasp. She was sure that this new sensation would push her over
the edge as she thrashed in her bonds, begging release.

However, Jeffrey knew just how to keep her from coming. He kept her at
the edge of orgasm for what seemed ages as he touched her with the ice,
then licked with his tongue. Whenever she seemed just about to come, he
would stop. Then a moment later, the plug would be touched, or her
nipples pinched or her clit would be stroked and it would begin all
over again. Erika was going out of her mind.

Finally after an eternity of almost peaking she heard Jeffrey say, "Are
you ready to come for me little one " "Oh yes!" cried Erika.

"Alright then, said Jeffrey, now standing in his favorite position
between her legs, "I have a surprise for you." Erika felt the drip of
the ice cube on one nipple which was immediately followed by a hot
mouth. "Ohhhhh," she moaned.

While that nipple was being licked and sucked, the ice cube dripped
onto the other nipple. Suddenly a second mouth fastened itself to her
other nipple! Erika arched her back in surprise. The sensation of these
two hot mouths on her aching nipples was enough to drive anyone crazy!
And WHO was the other person.

The two talented mouths started licking and nibbling in tandem, driving
Erika closer and closer. Jeffrey reached down to start the camera to
take pictures from its tripod every 30 seconds and then he flipped the
switch that started Erika's but plug to vibrate. This was too much for
Erika. She cried out loud and despite her bonds, she lifted her hips
right from the table. Jeffrey and his helper kept playing with her
engorged nipples as she felt the orgasm building inside her. One of the
mouths left her nipple and traveled down to Erika's shaved pussy. Her
hot clit was sucked right into her tormentor's mouth as Erika started
to come like she never had before. Her fists clenched and her toes
curled up as she felt herself bear down hard on her anal vibrator. She
felt herself building to a peak and then she was over the peak and she
felt what seemed like an explosion go off inside her body. The orgasm
went on and on crashing over her in waves. Each time she thought it was
over, one of them would touch her plug, or her nipples or her clitoris
and she would peak again. From a distance, Erika heard herself cry out
again and again.

Finally, it was over and Erika dimly felt the vibrator being turned off
and being pulled from her exhausted body. Gentle hands reached up to
undo her blindfold and Erika looked up into the eyes of her best friend
Sharon. Sharon smiled at her, "Nice hmm? Jeffrey says that he'll be
photographing both of us tomorrow" Erika smiled back at her and then
closed her eyes slipping into a deep and well deserved sleep.




39 Threesome in the Country - Part 1 of 3

When Kelly and our friend Marie decided to go up to the country house a 
couple of days before me, I wondered briefly if anything would happen
between them before I got there. Marie is a petite, 30 year old girl
who is Kelly's best friend and very close to both of us. She is also
submissive and had read literally all of my stories. She had even
written a couple. Kelly and Marie had figured in my fantasies for
months.

When I got to the cottage late Saturday night, I discovered that
although both of them were hot for each other, nothing had happened. We
had been talking about sex all day. When Marie, Kelly and I went out in
the canoe, Kelly had asked me to tell them a story. Well, the story I
started to weave was reminiscent of one of my written stories that they
both knew. I started to talk about two 'anonymous' women who were out
in the country and started to play with each other. By the time I was
done, they were both hot. The two girls had been talking about fooling
around with each other for months. Kelly and Marie had decided that if
they were ever going to sleep with another woman it would be with each
other. Of course, this drove my libido crazy. They are both attractive
women and to think of Marie's head tucked between my wife's thighs was
exciting to say the least. As if matters weren't hot enough already, we
were sitting in the living room of the cottage and Kelly asked Marie to
give her a massage. She took off all her clothes and lay on her tummy.
Marie, who had also just come out of the shower, was in just a short T-
shirt which afforded me a peek at her curly pubic hairs from time to
time.

She pulled out the moisturizing lotion and started to rub Kelly's back.
It was no surprise that the talk soon turned to sex again. This time
the subject was a pet favorite of mine: B&D.

"What does the 'D' stand for?" asked Kelly.

"Discipline." I answered. Kelly had been playfully threatening to give
Marie a spanking all day. I could barely contain myself.

"Well Marie could use that." joked Kelly again.

"She'd like it." I replied. I saw Marie blush.

"Wouldn't you Marie?" I asked.

"Yes," murmured Marie.

"Well, have you been a naughty girl?" I asked. She nodded her head and
I had to ask her twice to speak up.

"Yes," she said again.

"Well, you should get spanked." I said. The air in the room was getting
thicker by the minute. We started to talk about all sorts of B&D
subjects and found out who like what. No one liked heavy pain. Kelly
decided she would rather be dominant than submissive. At least with
women and Marie decided that she would rather be submissive. (Of
course, we knew that already.)

I started talking about how what I'd like to see is Marie in the corner
of the room with her bottom pink from a spanking and her nose in the
corner.

"I'd like that." said Marie. Then we talked about possible starts to
scenarios.

"Oh, but how does that kind of thing get started?" asked Kelly.

"It's not difficult." I said, "You just start. For instance, all you'd
have to do is tell Marie to stand up and close her eyes and then you
could blindfold her. Then see if she'd follow all of your instructions.

"Do you think she'd like that?" Kelly smiled.

"Sure she would." she said.

"Well then, you should get a blindfold." Kelly disappeared off into the
kitchen.

Marie was looking a little nervous. It took Kelly a minute or two to
find a scarf. Then she came back. I was very excited. This was actually
going to happen. Kelly showed me the scarf and raised4her eyebrows.

"Perfect." I said. She looked at me questioningly as if to say 'Well
I'm not going to tell her what to do.' I smiled again.

"Stand up Marie." I said. Marie hesitated for a moment then took a deep
breath.

Slowly she got to her feet. She looked at us both. I was sitting in an
easy chair about 3 feet from her. Kelly was standing beside me.

"Turn around." I said. Marie turned around to face away from us. Kelly
moved forward and attached the blindfold to her. The atmosphere in the
room was electric.

"Can you see?" asked Kelly.

"A little." replied our friend. Kelly tightened the blindfold.

"It's ok now." said Marie. Kelly stepped back.

"Marie, raise your hands straight up above your head." I said. Marie
did so.

The T-shirt lifted with her shoulders to expose her brown bottom. Marie
had just returned from Jamaica and it was evident that she had been
tanning without a bathing suit. We left her there for a minute or two,
just standing there. I could hear her breathing quicken. I motioned to
Kelly and after a moment, she moved forward and grasped the hem of the
T-shirt. Slowly, the shirt was raised until it was up to her arms and
covering her head. Kelly left it there. I could see that Marie's arms
were now getting tired.

"Clasp your hands behind your head." I said. We were now looking at
Marie's long brown back. Her buttocks were nicely curved. She was
beautiful.

"Spread your legs, Marie." I said. She did so.

"Wider." I told her. Her legs inched apart again. We could now see the
curly hairs from between her legs. I looked at Kelly questioningly to
ask if she wanted to continue. Kelly looked at me and shrugged her
shoulders as if to say that she wouldn't know what to do. I left Marie
like that for a couple of minutes. She knew that we were behind her.
She didn't know what we'd do next.

She was very hot and very excited. So were we all.

"Turn around Marie." I said at last.

"Oh God." I heard her murmur then she slowly turned around to face us.
Her brown breasts were upturned and tight from the position of her
arms. Her tiny pubic area which had teased me all night was now clearly
visible. I had to remind her again to keep her legs spread. We just
looked at her for awhile.

All of a sudden, Kelly leaned over and took one of Marie's nipples
between her fingertips and pinched it. Marie moaned softly. Kelly let
go and again we left her there, letting the anticipation build. I was
about to do something else when Kelly stopped me. She walked behind 
Marie and stood there for a moment. She gestured with her hands at me
in a pantomime of what she wanted to do as if to ask if that would be
ok. I nodded my agreement. She reached both hands around Marie from
behind and suddenly Marie felt both her breasts in Kelly's hands.

Kelly started to pinch the nipples and rub the breasts.

"Do you like that Marie?" I asked. She nodded her head. I asked her
again, wanting to hear it.

"Oh, yes." she said.

"Do you like your nipples played with," I asked her. She gasped as
Kelly stroked them.

"Yes," she replied.

"How do you like them played with?" I asked her.

"I like it hard." she said. On hearing that, Kelly pinched both nipples
hard between her thumbs and forefingers. Marie gasped and leaned back
against her best friend, my wife. Kelly's hands left her and again
Marie was left to stand there, naked, on display for us. Her hips were
moving now, of their own accord.

"Are you hot?" I asked.

"Oh God, yes." she said.

"Are you wet Marie?" I asked her.

"I think so." she said.

"We're going to check, you know." I said. She moaned again. Kelly
disappeared into the kitchen and I heard the water running. 'What the
hell is she doing?', I wondered. When she came back she was holding an
ice cube in each hand and grinning like a Cheshire cat. Again she
looked askance at me. I smiled and nodded. Kelly held out one of the
ice cubes and let a drop of ice fall onto Marie's nipples. Marie gasped
again at the sensation. Kelly walked around behind Marie and reached
her hands around her. All of a sudden the ice cubes were being rubbed
onto Marie's breasts.

"Ohhhh," moaned Marie. The ice was all over. It was never hurried but
it went everywhere, over her breasts, her belly, down her thighs, along
her spine, over her buttocks. I kneeled down in front of Marie and
reached around to pull her buttocks wide apart. Kelly's hand reached
underneath from behind and dragged the ice cube along Marie's pussy
lips and right across her anus and up her crack.

Marie reached up on tiptoes as the cold touched her most intimate
openings. I reached up and pulled at her nipples, feeling them cold and
warming them up with my fingers. Again we left her alone for a while.
Kelly leaned over and whispered into my ear that we should have her lay
down on her back. I stood up and led Marie over to a low settee and had
her lay on her back.

"Lift your knees Marie." I said. She did so.

"Now spread them apart." I instructed. Marie obediently let her knees
fall apart, revealing her pink pussy lips. We stretched her hands out
above her head so she was completely exposed to us. Kelly led me into
the kitchen and we left Marie like that for 5 minutes or so. Every once
in a while we'd peek and she'd still be there, her spread legs, offered
to us.

Kelly led me back into the living room and we sat on the floor next to
her.

Kelly started playing with her nipples and Marie was instantly hot. Her
breathing quickened and her back arched. Kelly and I both leaned down
at the same time to each take a nipple into our mouth. Marie moaned
helplessly as we bit and licked in tandem.

"Oh God." said Marie, "That's amazing." We teased her and touched her
everywhere. Kelly ran a finger up her soaked pussy and although she was
hesitant at first, soon she was playing with her clit with one hand
while another finger slid into Marie's tight pussy. Wherever Kelly
touched, I was somewhere else.

While she played with Marie's pussy, I was licking her nipples. When
Kelly moved up to kiss Marie and play with her tits, I moved down to
play with her pussy. At one point, Kelly was sitting near Marie's head.
She lifted her T-shirt and leaned over Marie to lick her right nipple.
Kelly's breast reached perfectly to touch Marie's mouth. Marie moaned
and started licking and nibbling at Kelly's nipple at the same time.

I started to go down on Marie as Kelly had a few minutes earlier.
Marie's hips started bucking and her breathing was in ragged breaths. I
had one finger in her pussy and I slid another into her bottom as I
licked. Kelly and Marie were both panting and moaning. It was the
hottest I'd ever seen two women at the same time. The whole evening was
one of discovery and loving. After it was all over, Marie, Kelly and I
just cuddled up to each other and hugged and held each other.

We talked a lot about the whole thing that night. Both girls were
afraid of hurting their relationship with each other and it had been a
little upsetting at times for each of them. It was such an exciting
opening experience for everybody, that we were left a little stunned by
it all. By now it was almost 11pm and we were both hungry and tired. We
opened up the fridge and put literally everything onto the grill. About
20 minutes later, the girls had packed us up and had cleaned the place
and I had made us a meal. We sat down to eat, still talking about the
whole experience. It was communicating about it that made it so
special.

We had a 2-1/2 hour drive ahead of us to get back to Montreal and by
now it was after midnight. We started back in two cars and Kelly kept
switching from our car to Marie's to keep us company. That was good
too. It gave her a chance to talk privately with each of us. When Kelly
was sure that I didn't now love Marie more than her and when she and
Marie were both sure that they still loved each other and would always
be friends, the entire evening was perfect. We got home late, tired but
more calm and satisfied than we have been in ages. The perfect end to a
perfect day.




40 Threesome in the Country - Part 2 of 3

It was just after work when Marie arrived. Kelly and I had already
discussed what she wanted to do. It was definitely Kelly's show. She
and Marie had talked long into the night in a conversation that
sounded, from the few moments of it that I heard, like a couple of
school girls talking in secret about sex. They had talked about the
incredible scene at the country house this past weekend and they had
found the entire scene to be exciting and leaving both of them with a
taste for more.

"More like a craving." I joked. They both agreed.

Kelly started to really get into it. "Did you like it when we told you
what to do?" asked Kelly.

"Yes, I loved it." said Marie.

"Ok then Marie," she said, "I'll give you your instructions for
tomorrow."

"Mmmmm," said Marie. I was sure that they were getting more and more
turned on.

"Here's what you have to do." said Kelly.

By now I was lying beside Kelly as she talked on the phone and
listening to the entire conversation.

"You are not to wear underwear tomorrow. Also, you are to not touch
yourself AT ALL either tonight or tomorrow. At lunch time, take the
story that Chris wrote and bring it to your car. Then while you read
the story, lift your dress and masturbate until you come."

It was obvious that just giving the instructions had turned Kelly on
terribly.

"What dress are you going to wear?" she asked.

"The tight cotton black one." replied Marie.

"Uh oh... ," she said, "There's only one problem. When it's windy, the
back of that dress opens up and shows everything!"

Kelly just smiled. "That's the one you are to wear then." she said.

Marie was to call us right after lunch and we both waited at the office
for the call. Sure enough, she called Kelly and had followed most of
her instructions.

Kelly was dying to hear how it went. She had been pacing and thinking
about it all day. Productivity around the office had dropped to low. I
chuckled as I saw how worked up Kelly was. She was like a kid on
Christmas Eve waiting for her presents. I heard her side of her call
with Marie when it finally came.

"Oh, you chicken!" she said, "What do you mean you went home instead of
doing it in your car. Well, you'll just have to be punished!"

Marie had been too scared of being seen in her car when she followed
Kelly's instructions and had driven home instead to play with herself.
Kelly's threat was mostly play but as the day wore on, I could see that
she was thinking about it.

Marie called near the end of the working day and after Kelly hung up
she looked at me. "Marie's coming over." she said, "I want you to
discuss with me what we should do with her."

There was a sparkle in her eye. "What do you want to do?" I asked.

"Well..." said Kelly, "she didn't follow her instructions properly. I
think you should spank her!" Kelly knew that this was an ongoing
fantasy of mine. She had never asked before this but I suppose I should
have guessed the next question.

"Have you ever spanked anyone?"

I smiled and said yes.

Kelly was, of course, instantly curious. I told her about an old
girlfriend that she knew who loved being tied and spanked. Kelly was
even more excited. When Marie arrived, she and Kelly went into the
conference room to talk for awhile.

When I went back there, I heard a "smack!" "Hmmmm," I thought, "Sounds
like an interesting party." Marie had a long plastic ruler in her hand.

"I think I should be spanked with this." she said.

Kelly smiled at me. She had evidently told Marie what was going to
happen.

"Ok then." I said when you're ready for your spanking, bring your ruler
to my office.

Kelly went around the office, closing blinds and locking the front
door. Marie and Kelly came into my office together. I didn't say
anything for a moment.

Kelly sat down and Marie was standing there like a five-year-old.

"Take off your dress, Marie." I said suddenly in a crystal clear voice.
She looked at me in shock.

"Completely?" she croaked.

"Was it a complicated instruction?" I asked sweetly?, "Yes, off." Marie
reached down and pulled the black dress off of her body. As we
expected, there was nothing underneath. I smiled again. "Over my lap,
young lady." I said.

Marie obediently draped herself over my lap. I held her down at the
small of her naked, brown back with my left hand. My right passed
gently over her smooth buttocks. I adjusted Marie so that Kelly could
get a good view.

"Spread your legs, Marie." I said.

She did so, now on tip-toe. I started to spank her with my hand,
varying the tempo and the strength. Marie gasped and squirmed as she
received her spanking.

Her bottom was beginning to get pink when the phone rang. We all
jumped.

Kelly answered and started to laugh right away.

"It's David." she said. Of all my friends, David is the one who would
appreciate the scene I was in the most. I chuckled and told her to have
him hold.

"Stand up, Marie." I said.

"Now go and stand in the corner."

Marie looked at me. Here she was, completely naked and in my office and
now she was to stand in the corner like a five-year-old? I smiled at
her again and she turned and walked slowly into the corner. Her nose
was pressed right to the corner and I left her there while I spoke to
David for a few minutes. After a couple of minutes, David was still on
the phone and Kelly was ready to play.

She picked up the ruler and moved over to the corner. All of a sudden,
three hot, sharp slaps hit Marie's bottom. She gasped and raised up on
her toes. I was still on the phone. Kelly started to get impatient and
finally, I let David go.

If he could only see this, I thought. Marie had evidently like the hard
smacks and I asked her if she was ready for the rest of her spanking. I
said she was and I looked at Kelly to see what she wanted.

A moment later, Kelly and I had traded places and I instructed Marie to
turn around and bend over Kelly's lap. Marie hid her face as she did
so. Kelly held her there for a moment, just as I had. Marie's face was
a foot from the floor as she lay over her friend's lap. Kelly started
with the ruler and spanked quite hard. Marie gasped and raised up on
her toes several times. I looked down and could see that Marie had
gotten a hold of Kelly's jeans in her teeth and was pulling at them.
She was obviously very turned on! After a couple of minutes Kelly
turned Marie back over to me.

She came over and bent over my lap for an even harder spanking. When I
finished, her bottom was pink all over. It was also hot to the touch.
Marie had become more like a little girl throughout the whole game. Now
when I asked if she had had enough, she replied, "I don't care." It was
just what a naughty little five-year-old would say.

Finally I had her stand up and go back into the corner. She did so and
Kelly and I left her there for another five minutes just showing us her
pink bottom. At one point I looked over and saw that her hands were
moving in front of her.

"Are you playing with yourself?" I asked.

"Maybe." she said.

"Put your hands behind you." said Kelly., "Maybe we'll make you show us
how you do it one day."

"Oh, God." murmured Marie.

After a few minutes, Kelly and I discussed what should come next. "Make
her wait." said Kelly, "Let's have her get dressed and stay horny until
tomorrow."

I had Marie put her dress back on and Kelly gave her the instructions
for tomorrow. "Marie it's your birthday tomorrow and these are your
birthday instructions." Marie listened intensely. "You are to purchase
a small dildo that could be kept in your pussy, you are to purchase a
small jar of Vics Vap-O-Rub and you are to bring your vibrator. At a
time that I will specify tomorrow, you are to come to our home. Here
are the keys. You will bring these things to the house and you will
read the instruction just inside the door on the table.

Follow the instructions. Oh, and one more thing, you can't play with
yourself at all from now until I tell you tomorrow."

Marie looked a little nervous. "Ok." she said. "I'll do it.

We left the office a few minutes later. On the phone a little later I
heard Kelly discussing the upcoming evening with her best friend.

"Well, I figured we'd start off with both of us in a bubble bath." she
said.

The evening was hot but the conversation was hotter. I don't know what 
tomorrow will bring but the summer of '88 has already gone down as a
momentous one in my diary.




41 Threesome in the Country - Part 3 of 3

It was a wonderful birthday for Marie. Kelly had been determined to
make sure that it was. I was in Toronto on business all day but Kelly
was undaunted. She started off by calling our florist and sending over
a beautiful basket of flowers. She happened to be on the phone with
Marie when they arrived.

"Oooohhhhh, you should see the Beautiful flowers that just came in for
me." said Marie, "Just a sec, I'll read the card and see who they're
from." There was a moment's pause. "They're from you!" Kelly was happy
that Marie was so happy with them. Marie had been given her
instructions for later in the day but Kelly had cancelled them. It was
all becoming a little too contrived. When Marie and Kelly finally met
up at our apartment after work, it was not to have Marie be submissive.
Instead, I found out later, they had had a chance to talk and Kelly had
given Marie a tiny brief pair of panties to show me later. Then they
had gone to the birthday party.

My flight was 40 minutes late and thankfully I had carried on all of my
baggage.

I got off the plane, went right to the car and headed west, away from
the city to the small country restaurant where everyone was waiting for
me. When I got there, I found our table right away. There were 8 other
people there and they were obviously having a great time. Marie, the
birthday girl, came right over and gave me a hot kiss to welcome me. I
ordered dinner and we all settled down to a great party. A few minutes
later Marie came up from behind me and leaned over to give me a hug.
She put her mouth right to my ear and said, "Your wife licked my
nipples before we got here and I am sooooo horny!" Smiling she turned
and went back to her chair.

Thankfully the table hid my now raging hardon. It was going to be an
interesting evening. When the party broke up a couple of hours later,
Marie and Kelly drove together. I followed close behind as we head to
our place. We all went in and the apartment was very hot. I went to
change out of my business clothes and into my shorts. We chatted for
awhile and I told the girls that I had written story number two about
Marie's spanking the day before. They both immediately demanded that I
show it to them. I started up my Mac and opened the file. The two of
them crowded the screen as Kelly handled the mouse. "Did you like that
when it happened?" I heard Kelly ask Marie. "Oh, yes." she replied.
When they had finished the story they were both very, very hot. Kelly
had already changed into a MuuMuu and I knew that she was wearing
nothing under it. Marie was still in her black miniskirt and red top.
"Well, I'm going into the air-conditioning said Kelly. The only room in
the apartment that is air-conditioned is our bedroom. We both followed
her. We all flopped down on the bed and in only a few moments, the talk
had turned to sex. "Well, I know what I've been fantasizing." Kelly
said.

"What?" we both asked. It took Kelly a couple of minutes to get around
to telling us. She was obviously shy.

"Well..." she finally said, "I'd like to lie back and feel both of you
lick my tits!"

"Well, then," I said, "you'll need to open your top and show us your
nipples."

Kelly closed her eyes and did so. Marie and I smiled at each other. We
both leaned over and took a nipple in our mouths. We each licked and
nibbled and bit for a few minutes and finally stopped.

"Whew!" gasped Kelly, "That was incredible." I had been trying to
describe how two women might use a double dildo earlier and now Kelly
asked me again. I smiled. "Come over here Marie." I said. Marie moved
down to the foot of the bed. Kelly was lying on her back. I had Marie
sit between Kelly's legs, facing her. Then I placed her right leg over
Kelly's left and her left leg under Kelly's right.

I had Marie lie back and then told them to scoot closer. "Closer 
still." I said and finally they found that they're pussies were
touching. "There. Now, what you do is put one end of the dildo in you
and the other end in you." I said, pointing to each of them in turn.
"Then you push yourselves together until you can feel the other's pussy
pushing against yours. The dildo will be filling you both completely.

"Mmmmmm," they both murmured. I lay back down and smiled. Marie sat up
but didn't move from between Kelly's legs. I was leaning back and
watching as Marie's fingers stroked Kelly's legs and inner thighs.
Kelly was just lying back and letting Marie have her way with her.
Marie was in no hurry, her movements were slow and sensual. Gradually
they got closer and closer to Kelly's pussy.

Finally I saw Marie just grazing Kelly's pussy hairs. "MMMmmmmm,"
murmured Kelly. I saw her raise her hips, pressing herself further into
Marie's hand.

Marie's fingers started trailing up and down Kelly's soaking wet slit.
I saw Marie slide a finger slowly and deeply into her friend. Kelly
gasped and arched her back. Marie continued to play with Kelly's pussy
and Kelly got hotter and hotter and wetter and wetter. Marie started
licking Kelly's thighs and continued stroking her. Marie got up on her
knees and started licking higher and higher.

Kelly's breathing was becoming ragged. Marie started to lick at the
lips of Kelly's pussy. The tip of her tongue started to slide up closer
to closer to Kelly's clit. When the licks finally touched her clit, 
Kelly moaned. Marie was really into it now. Every once in a while I
reached down and licked at Kelly's nipples. She seemed to love it. The
sensation of two tongues working on her at once had long been a fantasy
of Kelly's. I looked down to see that Marie was sliding a finger into
her as she licked and sucked at Kelly. The room was very hot. The air-
conditioner just would not let up.

"Marie take off your clothes." said Kelly. Marie stripped in a moment
and Kelly pulled her onto her. The two girls pressed their pussies into
each other.

"Chris, our pussies are touching." said Kelly. I reached down between
Marie's spread legs and felt them. They were both soaking wet, their
juices intermingling as they rubbed against each other. I slid a finger
into Kelly and reached up to slide my thumb into Marie at the same
time. I held them together like that for a moment, probing deep inside
them.

Their hips were gyrating harder and harder. Marie moved down again. She
licked at Kelly's neck. Kelly has a very sensitive neck and I know she
loves having it licked. She turned her face and the two of them kisses
passionately, their tongues running into each other. Marie started
moving lower, kissing at Kelly breasts and licking and sucking her
nipples. Her tongue trailed lower still sliding along her belly and
then lower again. She was in no hurry but it was obvious from the way
that Kelly was holding her breath that she was waiting for the tongue
to touch her pussy. Marie slid herself down lower. Her tongue started
running in long licks up Kelly's slit and onto her clit. Kelly was
breathing in short ragged breaths. I started licking Kelly's nipples
again and her hips started bucking up and down. Marie never let up.
Kelly was moaning loudly now and as Marie licked her and sucked her
clit, she started to come. She cried out and arched her back. Marie
kept licking and the orgasm lasted a long time.

Finally Kelly sank back, exhausted. Marie looked up, content. Her face
was wet with Kelly's juices. We smiled at her. "It was my first time."
said Marie.

"Whew," said Kelly, "That was intense." We all relaxed for a few
minutes but the stroking went on. Soon Marie was licking at Kelly again
and Kelly was licking back.

"Chris, touch Marie's pussy while she licks me." she gasped. I moved
down behind Marie and started touching her pussy. It was dripping. I
played with it with my fingers and then while two fingers were deep in
her started licking her as well. Marie's hips were now bucking as well
as Kelly's. Kelly moved to the side and pulled Marie over onto her
back.

As I continued to go down on Marie and tease her pussy, Kelly began
sucking her nipples. I felt Kelly move again and then she was kneeling
over Marie's head and I saw Marie's tongue reach up to lick at Kelly's
pussy again. Kelly's orgasm was not long in coming and again it was
intense. Marie had still not come and both Kelly and I wanted her to.
She hadn't come for us in the country either and I know Kelly wanted
her friend to come for her. I was still playing with Marie's pussy but
every time she would get close to coming she would slow down.

Finally, I stopped. I got Kelly's vibrator let Kelly and Marie play
with it for awhile. I figured if maybe I left for a bit, Marie might be
more comfortable without me watching. She was obviously a little shy
about masturbating in front of me. I went into the other room and
turned on the computer. I played for a few minutes and then I heard
Kelly call me. She asked if I would go down to Marie's car to get
Marie's vibrator. I chuckled as I did so. Marie has a Prelude 3 that
she swears by. She immediately plugged the vibrator in and started
playing with herself. She was so shy to be doing it. It was strange
given all that we had done together but this was obviously something
private for her.

"Close your eyes, she told us." We chuckled but did so. At least I did,
Kelly kept hers open. Kelly was lying at the foot of the bed and had a
perfect view of Marie playing with the vibrator. After a few minutes,
Marie took the other vibrator also and slid it into her pussy. Her
breathing was now all moans and gasps and a few minutes later she
arched her back hard and cried out as she came and then came again.
Marie drifted off to sleep within minutes. Kelly and I got up and
talked for a bit. I know that it's important for her to know how much I
love her while she and Marie are experimenting and exploring this knew
side of themselves. A while later, Kelly and I also crawled into bed
and the three of us slept there until morning.




42 A Visit to "The Club"

It is late at night and you are just approaching an old Victorian home.
You are a little nervous. "Are you ready for an adventure?" I had asked
you. Those simple words now throw a tingle down your spine. You know
that it means that you are about to embark on another episode of
exploration into the depths of your own sexuality.

You know that you will do whatever your Master asks of you. I had given
you the address of a home in the outskirts of the city. Now, as
directed, you are standing in front of the door, wearing only a thin
white dress. The hemline is short and, as usual, you wear neither
panties nor bra. Your nipples are clearly visible through the thin
fabric of the dress. You take a deep breath and knock on the door. You
hear movement inside the house and a moment later the door opens. You
enter, only to be greeted by a gorgeous woman! This is surprising for
you. Every time you have visited your Master in the past, it has been
just the two of you. You have confessed to me several times that you
have fantasized about being with another woman but to have a woman
answer the door is shocking.

You look at her carefully. She is tall, blond and wearing a short
leather miniskirt and a tight white silk blouse. Her breasts are either
B or C cup and you can see her dark brown nipples erect and evident
through the silk. "You must be Sara. Come in." she says. She is
definitely a no-nonsense sort of woman. You follow her before you even
notice that you are obeying. She walks into the living room and picks
up an envelope. "This is for you." You open the envelope and recognize
my handwriting instantly.

Sara,

Your adventure for the evening has already started. The woman who is
standing in front of you is a friend of mine. She is also very skilled
at dominating young women like yourself. She will be taking charge of
the first part of your training this evening. You are to obey
everything that she tells you.

Your Master, Chris

You feel a blush hit your face as you read the letter. As you look up
the woman is smiling at you. She holds out her hand and you give her
the letter and the envelope. She puts them on the table. She sits down
in the large easy chair in the living room. You are a little uncertain
about what is expected of yon and you remain standing nervously.

"Take off your things Sara." says the girl quietly. Your fingers are
trembling as you reach for the buttons on your dress. As you remove the
dress, you see her smile. In a moment you are completely naked and as
much as you want to cover yourself with your hands, you keep them at
your sides. The Mistress instructs you to clasp them behind your head
and you are embarrassed at being even more exposed.

She stands now and starts to walk around you. You can feel her gaze
piercing through you as she examines every part of your body. It is
intensely embarrassing. She takes a good look at your pussy. "Mmmm
shaved I see. That's good. I see that Master Chris has been taking good
care of you." She looks right at you. "I think that a shaved pussy is a
necessity with a submissive woman. It allows a much clearer view of
your body. Your pussy juices become immediately visible." You blush
again as she takes a finger and runs it up along your soaking pussy
lips. You see her slide it into her mouth and savor your taste.

"Mmmm, very delicious." She takes one of your nipples between her
fingers and teases it, watching your face closely for your reaction.
Your nipple becomes hard and tingling under her fingers. She moves
behind you and you feel her hand stroking your buttocks.

"Alright Sara, I understand you've been taught a 'submissive position',
I want you to get into it on that table over there." You move slowly
over to the large oak table in the room and climb onto it. You kneel
with your legs wide apart and press your shoulders to the table as
you've been taught. You reach as far back as you can and pull your
buttocks open to expose your anus and shaved pussy lips from behind.
You've been in this position many times but it always seems that you're
embarrassed when you get into it.

The woman makes you wait as she moves around the room. It is as though
she knows that your feelings of sexual excitement are being enhanced
every moment. Finally you feel her hands on your buttocks. Her hands
cover yours and she pulls your bottom even more open as she looks at
your pink puckered opening. She lets go and you can hear your heart
racing, wondering what will happen next. She moves away and sits down.
Suddenly you hear the door to the room opening. You start but, maintain
your position obediently. "Ahh, Mary," says the woman, "That is Sara
over on the table. Prepare her for me please."

"Yes, Ma'am," says the voice of what sounds like a teenage girl. It
quivers a little as she answers. You hear Mary move over to you. Your
face is hot as you imagine what you must look like to this young girl.
Out of the corner of your eye, you see Mary move to the side of the
table. She looks about 16 or 17 years old. She has red hair and is
dressed in a flimsy blue cotton dress. She's actually very pretty. You
see her reach down and pick up a jar of Vaseline. Her slim finger dips
deep inside the jar and come out covered in the slippery jelly.

She puts the jar down and walks back around behind you.

You feel the tip of her finger at your bottom and you start to breath
heavier as she teases the outside of your anus. The tip of her finger
enters you and you dip your back, wanting it all inside. She's happy to
oblige. The finger slides deep into you, twisting slightly as it does
so. You gasp at the sensation. She moves in and out, and then buries it
deep in you again and stays there, just turning her finger slowly. Your
hips are moving of their own accord in tune with the movements of her
finger. You feel her other hand move beneath you and two of her slim
fingers suddenly slide into your soaking pussy. You moan out loud
despite yourself. You can feel her fingers deep inside you, touching
each other in your body. Your hips are moving up and down now and you
know it is only a matter of moments before you come.

Mary slides her fingers out of your pussy and her other hand leaves
your ass open and exposed. "Ohhh, please..." you whisper. She leaves
you like that for a moment before returning with a long but thin plug.
You can see it in her hands before she moves out of sight behind you.
The tip of the plug touches your bottom and very, very slowly she
slides it into you. Before the plug is even halfway in, you know that
it has been covered in a warming lotion of some kind.

The heat of the thing is travelling right through your body. It stings
your anus slightly but it excites you incredibly. You break out into a
sweat. The plug continues in deeper and deeper. It has several ridges
to it, each one wider than the last and as each wide ridge passes into
your body, you gasp. Finally the widest of these ridges pushes past the
resistance of your sphincter and it is firmly lodged inside you.

You are moaning and gasping now. They leave you like that for a moment
and then you feel Mary taking your wrists and fastening them behind
your back. Leather straps are fastened to your ankles and other straps
are fastened just above your knees.

"Thank you Mary. That will be all." says the older woman. Mary leaves
right away. "Get up Sara." You stand slowly and turn to face her.
Without asking you clasp your hands behind your head and spread your
legs, showing her how well you've been trained. She reaches over and
attaches a thin leather collar around your neck. It has a long leash
attached to it and she grabs this and leads you out of the room and
along a long corridor. The plug is moving inside of you at every step
and you are in immensely embarrassed at being so displayed with the
leash and the straps around your ankles and thighs. The plug is clearly
visible sticking out of your ass and you are terrified that you'll be
seen by someone else as you walk along the corridor.

The woman leads you into another room. This one is much larger and
dimly lit except for the very center of the room. There is a table here
that closely resembles a doctor's examining table and the sight of it
sends a chill down you.

She leads you over to it. You have had your gaze so fixated on the
table that it takes you a moment to realize that there are other people
here! You look around into the shadows and see that there are perhaps
20 people or so, sitting in chairs looking at you. There are both men
and woman and although you cannot make out their faces, you can see
that they are elegantly dressed.

Your face turns crimson and you let out a little whimper as the woman
leads you to the table and has you lie back on it. Your hands are
unfastened and reattached above your head. Your ankles are attached to
the stirrups and they are adjusted wide apart. The straps on your
thighs are attached to the sides of the table and they leave your knees
held wide apart. The woman adjusts the stirrups up slightly so that
your ass is better exposed then she steps away from the table.

"This is Sara." says the woman to her guests, "She is the submissive of
Master Chris who you all know. She has been prepared in the usual
manner. The plug in her bottom is covered in the special lotion we all
know so well. You feel the table begin to move. It starts to turn
slowly as though on a turntable so that everyone in the room can see
you completely. You have never been so embarrassed and you have never
been so hot.

You see Mary approach you. She is now naked and you can see that she
has had her nipples pierced! There is a gold ring through each nipple
and a chain that attaches them together. She reaches over you and
pinches your nipples until they re rock hard. Then she attaches nipple
clips to them. You moan out loud as she does, feeling the sensation run
directly into your pussy. She moves down to your legs and adjusts the
stirrups so that they are very high. Your ass is now completely
exposed. She moves away so that everyone can get a good look.

The woman moves over to you now and leans over your face. "You are
about to be spanked Sara. Are you ready?" You nod your head and close
your eyes embarrassed at having to tell her. She moves between you legs 
and slides a small plug into your pussy. She lets you relax for a
moment and then you feel the sharp slap of a leather strap strike your
naked buttocks. The shock is immediate and you cry out. The next stroke
comes soon after and the spanking continues for several minutes as your
bottom gets hotter and hotter.

The woman pauses now, "Only five more Sara, but these will be hard.
They will sting your bottom. Are you ready for them?"

"Yes," you whimper. You hear the sound of the strap moving through the
air but just before it strikes you feel the plug in your pussy start to
vibrates strongly. You cry out even before the strap hits your bottom.
The last five strokes are in a daze as your hips shake at the multiple
sensations.

You can feel your orgasm building from every part of your body and when
it hits it takes all of you with it. At the last stroke you feel
yourself explode and then explode again as your fists clench and your
pussy tries to squeeze the vibrator. You feel the plug in your ass
being pulled out and you come again and again as each ridge passes out
of you. You are pulling hard at your bonds as the nipple clips are
released and your nipples sucked to bring the circulation back.

You come yet again as they are stimulated. Finally as the vibrator in
your ass is removed you buck your hips and come again, a final time. It
takes a while for you to calm down and when you do, you are hanging,
limp in your leather bonds.

The woman is right there, stroking you and touching you. "You did very
well sweetheart. Let me get you out of this.

Very gently the woman undoes your bonds and releases you from the
table. You look around and the room is empty. "Where are they?" you
ask.

The woman smiles, "They're all waiting for you in the pool." She helps
you up and then into a quick shower where you let the warm water
cascade over you. When you get out the woman dries you in a huge fluffy
bath towel and then takes your hand to lead you out of the room.

There is a huge pool and the guests are scattered in and around it. As
you enter, the guests break into applause, congratulating you on your
performance.

You blush as they do. You see me come right up to you. "Did you see
me?" you ask.

I laugh, "Of course. I was there all the time. You did very well.
Welcome to the club. You've just earned yourself a membership."

Glowing as you take my arm, we start to walk through the room to meet
these, your newest friends.




43 A Mistress Takes Charge

I was very nervous as she brought me downstairs. I had been told
several times that the evening would include something unusual but she
never let on, never even hinted that this would be it. The evening had
started off as many of our "hot" evenings had. I had come over to her
home, she was sitting in the living room and as the maid showed me in
had told me to undress.

I was used to the maid watching. I still remembered the embarrassment I
felt the first time she had made me strip in front of her. Since that
time the maid had seen me naked many times. It was the maid who usually
bathed me afterwards. It was the maid who often helped tie me to the
special table my Mistress loved so much. It was the maid who was often
called on to "prepare" me.

As soon as I was naked and standing in front of her, I assumed my
standing submissive position. That is with my legs spread wide apart,
my hands firmly clasped behind my head and my elbows well back. As
usual, I was already erect.

The embarrassment of standing like this in front of the two women was
always enough to excite me. I was left like that for several minutes,
waiting for my next instruction. I wondered what would happen to me
tonight. My Mistress turned to the waiting maid.

"Get him ready, Yvonne. Do it just as we discussed."

"Yes ma'am." said the young girl. "Come with me Paul." I followed her
quietly as we went up the stairs and into the small room I knew so
well. "Up on the table."

she said. I got up on the doctor's examining table that dominated the
center of the small room and put my feet into the metal stirrups. This
position was always nerve wracking as it laid me completely helpless.
Yvonne wasted little time as she put leather bracelets on my wrists and
ankles.

Yvonne had been with my Mistress for almost a year now. She was,
herself, quite submissive and always followed my Mistress' instructions
to the letter. She was now almost 19 years old, blond and originally
from France. Her age was the most embarrassing part of her seeing me
like this. I still remembered her hesitancy when she saw me naked for
the first time for my Mistress. She was still very hesitant about
touching my ass and I knew that my Mistress had been training her in
this area. We had discussed last week when she should be trained in
dominating young girls.

My ankle bracelets were attached to the stirrups and my hands were
stretched far above my head rendering me now helpless to the
ministrations of Yvonne. I was told to lift my head as Yvonne put a
blindfold over my eyes. The stirrups were adjusted so that I was spread
wide apart thus further exposing my genitals and anal area. I was left
like that for a moment. I imagined how I must look, lying on my back on
the examining table, my knees wide apart and my stiff cock twitching
with excitement between my legs.

I heard Yvonne moving around the room and tried to guess what she was
preparing for me. Many strange things had happened to me in this
"preparation" room and I was now breathing a little heavier. I felt her
finger at my ass quite suddenly and I gasped as she slid the thin
lubricated finger deep into me. She worked it in and out several times
watching the effect on my bound body. When the finger finally pulled
out of me, my hips were squirming involuntarily.

She left me again for a few moments watching as I strained against my
leather bonds. The anal plug was next and I moaned softly as she teased
it into me.

Sometimes it had been pushed into me all in one stroke but today was
not like that. Yvonne teased me with the first 3/4" of the plug for
easily five minutes before sliding it deeper. When the thickest part of
the plug was holding open my anal sphincter, she held it there, playing
it back and forth in minute movements that were driving me crazy! I was
moaning, and breathing hard now, my hips raising in a vain attempt to
get the plastic intruder deeper into me. My cock was rock hard and I
knew that if she touched it I would come instantly. I begged her to
touch my cock.

A moment later the plug was pulled almost all the way out. I felt again
just the tip of it holding my anus open. Then, all of a sudden, she
pushed it all the way deep into me. I gasped out loud. The plug was now
firmly lodged deep in my rectum and I knew it would stay there until
Yvonne or my Mistress took it out.

I was left again to contemplate the sensations coursing through my
body. The feelings in my ass as I clenched down hard on the plug was
indescribably hot.

Yvonne left me for a few minutes to calm down and then I felt her
expert hands slowly rubbing oil all over me. The feeling was more
exciting than calming and as she reached my cock and balls to rub oil
in there, I was scared that I would come without my Mistress
permission. Yvonne stopped one moment before it would be too late. I
groaned in frustration. Just before Yvonne stood me up, she went
between my legs once more. I felt her hands on my plug and she pulled
gently, increasing the pressure of the plug on my anus. I felt the plug
start to move and I moaned in excitement.

Then I felt the hot warm mouth of Yvonne descend on my cock as she
engulfed it in one motion. I gasped and panted as I felt her hot mouth
surround my hard organ. My hips thrust up involuntarily. It lasted for
only a moment and then she stopped. I had never been so hard. I was
sure that I would just about explode any minute. Yvonne had me get up
and my hands were fastened behind my back. My plug was still in place
deep inside of me.

She sat down and pulled me over her lap. There was something very
embarrassing about lying across the lap of an 18 year old girl. Her
hand began spanking suddenly and for a teenager, she had a sharp slap.
She spanked me until I could feel that my bottom was hot. She stopped
and I figured that that would be all, but I was mistaken. "Your
Mistress wants your bottom extra warm tonight." she said. I felt the
hair brush lay on the small of my back as she adjusted me to the
perfect angle.

She picked up the brush and the whoosh of it moving through the air
reached my ears a split second before the pain of the smack reached my
brain. She smacked me several times until I was gasping for air. My
bottom was on fire as she had me stand up and wait in the corner with
my nose pressed right into the corner of the room and my hot, red
bottom on display. I had been taught to keep my fastened hands at the
small of my back so that my buttocks would be displayed properly. I was
left there for a few minutes as my bottom slowly cooled. I felt the
heat of it travelling through me and directly to my cock. It was so
hard that it ached to be touched.

I heard my Mistress come into the room. She and Yvonne talked to each
other in hushed voices. I blushed as I thought about them talking about
me. I heard someone walk over to me. A cool hand passed over my hot
buttocks. "MMmmm nice and hot." I heard my Mistress say.

She took me by the arm then and led me out of the room. I could hear
the smile on her face as she said to me. "Come with me Paul, there's
some friends I'd like you to meet." My heart was pounding a-mile-a-
minute as she led me down the stairs. I could make out the sound of
several female voices as I was brought down to them. I was led over to
the center of the room. My hands were tied above my head to the ceiling
straps that I had been attached to many times before. I felt my ankles
being spread and attached to the special rings in the floor, put their
for just this purpose. I knew that my cock was sticking straight out
from my body as my Mistress moved back to let her friends get a good
look at me.

"MMMmm he's just darling." said one voice.

"I like his ass." said another.

"OOOoooo, look!" said one young voice, "He's got a plug in his bottom."

I could feel my face turning a deep red. I felt many hands touching me,
stroking my hot bottom and touching my cock. I knew that I was very 
close to coming.

My Mistress had them all stop for a few minutes. "He'll come any second
if you girls keep it up." she laughed. They all stopped but I knew from
the comments that they were all still looking at me. I tried to will my
cock to stop twitching and to not be so damn hard but, of course, it
was to no avail. I was left like that for a few minutes before I heard
Yvonne being summoned.

"Mmmmm, very pretty." said one of the women.

"I like the way you have her trained." said another. I knew, from
listening to the women talk that Yvonne was probably naked and in her
leather cuffs and collar, just the way my Mistress likes her. I knew
that her shaved pussy lips would also be of interest to these women. I
felt Yvonne being moved in front of me and I heard my Mistress telling
her to put her hands behind her back to be fastened.

"Now kneel down Yvonne." said our Mistress. I heard her kneel and felt
her hot breath on my cock. It became even harder. Our Mistress moved
around behind me and I heard her ask one of the other girls to begin
spanking Yvonne with the leather strap upon command. The whoosh of the
strap and the smack against my own bottom was unexpected. I cried out
and my hips jerked forward. My cock slid directly into Yvonne's mouth
just as was planned and I felt her begin to suck me in earnest.
Yvonne's head jerked forward onto me as the leather strap made contact
with her naked bottom with a loud smack. I heard her moan as she licked
me.

The spanking went on with alternating strokes, first me then Yvonne. I
was so close to coming that it did not last long. I cried out long and
hard and Yvonne began sucking me harder as I started to come in her
mouth. "Swallow it all Yvonne," cooed our Mistress and Yvonne did as
she was asked.

I was left to stand, naked in my bonds weak from the "treatment" I had
just received and listened as the women tied Yvonne to her back on the
table and teased her to orgasm. It is a wonderful life I lead. I
wouldn't give it up for anything.




44 Shelly Turns a Fantasy into Reality

"Are you ready for an adventure Shelly?" Shelly looked up in surprise.
We had discussed such 'adventures' for weeks and Shelly had expressed
more than a passing interest in being submissive but this would be the
first time that the fantasy had become reality.

"What's it really like?" she had asked more than once. Now she was
about to find out.

"Well...?" I asked. Shelly's eyes were wide and her breathing had
quickened.

She seemed to hesitate a moment. "But what are you going to do to me?"
she asked in a little girl voice. I just smiled.

"Finding out is part of the adventure." I whispered, "If you decide to
try this adventure, you'll experience pleasure as you've never felt it
before but you'll also have to surrender as you never have before. Are
you ready for that?"

Shelly nodded her head slowly.

"Then come here Shelly." She pulled herself out of her chair and moved
over to me. "Turn around." I said.

She turned to face away from me. The black scarf was placed carefully
over her eyes and I heard her gasp as I fastened it behind her head.
Gently I lead Shelly from the living room into the garage and had her
sit in the passenger seat. I reached over to fasten leather cuffs
around her wrists. The clips on the cuffs were attached behind her head
to the head rest of the seat. I stood back to admire my handiwork so
far. Shelly had never been restrained in her life and I watched her
pull at the wrist cuffs, testing them, realizing for the first time
that she was truly helpless.

"Lift your hips Shelly." I said. I pulled her white cotton skirt right
to her waist revealing her pale blue bikini panties. "Don't move." I
told her. I hooked my fingers into the waistband of the panties and
started to pull them down an inch at a time. Shelly's held her breath
as she realized that she was about to be exposed to me for the very
first time. Her curly brown hair came into view one tiny bit at a time.
The tiny blue garment slid smoothly down her long tanned thighs and
then right off as I removed them.

"O.K., you can sit down now." I said. I watched as Shelly gingerly sat
her naked bottom directly onto the cool leather of the seat. I quickly
opened the garage and slipped behind the wheel.

"Keep your knees spread wide apart Shelly." I instructed. I smiled as I
saw a blush spread over her cheeks under the dark silk blindfold. I
pulled the car out of the garage and began a ten minute drive across
town. After a few minutes, Shelly couldn't restrain her curiosity.

"Where are we going?" she asked.

"Shhhhh..." I whispered. I reached over and gently ran my fingertips
along the inside of her naked thigh. moving slowly up her smooth skin.
My fingers moved higher and higher. Shelly held her breath again, sure
that the next touch would be on her pussy. She was embarrassed that she
was already hot and already very wet. My fingers stopped short of her
curly brown pubis as I took my hand away.

There were no more questions.

A few moments later, I parked the car. Shelly's had no way of knowing
where we were. Questions ran through her mind at the speed of thought;
'Where are we?'...

';Will I like it?'... 'What is he going to do?'... 'Oh my God, is he
alone?'...

I got out of the car and moved around to the passenger side. Shelly sat
quietly, trembling slightly as I opened the door. I reached down and
pulled off her shoes before unfastening the hands from the headrest.
Shelly felt my hands gently guiding her from the car. There was smooth
concrete under her bare feet. As I moved her further from the car, the
concrete suddenly became cool grass.

"Thank goodness I'm not naked," thought Shelly as I led her across the
grass.

Suddenly I stopped.

"Don't move Shelly." I said. Shelly felt her heartbeat quicken as I
began to undo the buttons on her blouse. It didn't take long and the
silk garment was pushed back from her shoulders and off to reveal her
breasts to the cool night air. Now she felt her hands being attached
together in front of her and then pulled above her head. "A branch?"
she wondered. I left her like that for a moment dressed in only her
white cotton skirt, admiring the curve of her body from her stretched
out arms down along her firm breasts. It was obvious that she was very
excited. Her nipples had been rock hard from the moment the blindfold
went on.

I reached down and undid the clasp to the skirt. I heard her whimper
quietly as it slipped to the ground leaving her now completely naked. I
reached up to touch her arms and then, ever so gently, ran my
fingertips down her arms and along the sides of her breasts. I reached
around to pinch her nipples gently then continued downward along her
belly to the insides of her thighs. Without asking, Shelly opened her
legs to me, inviting me between them. I chuckled as I moved back up her
hot and obviously aroused body being careful not to touch her pussy as
she pushed her hips forward toward me.

"Not yet." I whispered. I bent down now and attached leather cuffs to
her ankles. Convenient ropes pulled them wide apart, removing her last
freedom. She was truly helpless now.

I moved behind her and stroked her smooth ass. "Has anyone ever taken
you here?" I asked.

Shelly nodded her head slowly, embarrassed at admitting it.

"Did you like it Shelly?"

"Not so much." she answered.

"Relax," I said, "Your bottom will feel much pleasure tonight. Shelly's
breathing quickened again as she felt my well lubricated finger touch
her most intimate of openings. She was helpless to prevent me from
slowly sliding my finger into her. I was gentle but firm as I
penetrated her deeply, lubricating her for what was to come. Shelly was
certain that she new what that would be but she was mistaken. A butt
plug was definitely outside of her experience and she jumped as it
touched her. It was only four inches long and not particularly thick.
The plug was perhaps finger width at the tip then widened to perhaps a
one inch diameter in the middle and finally tapered to slightly larger
than finger width again before joining the "T" shaped end that would
prevent the plug from disappearing inside of her. The sensation of
having the plug seated inside of her was disconcerting to say the
least.

She felt at once full and held open and in many ways, much more
helpless than before. My hands teased the plug in and out for a few
moments before leaving it deep in her. My hands moved freely now,
stroking her breasts, her sides, her thighs, touching and moving her
plug. I was careful to leave her pussy alone. I leaned down and kissed
her deeply while pulling at her sensitive nipples. My tongue moved
lower down to sooth her aching nips. Shelly was squirming in her bonds.
She had never been so turned on in her life. She could feel her own
juices trickling down the inside of her thighs. Bound as she was, she
couldn't even rub her thighs together for relief. Her thoughts were
quickly becoming less and less coherent as she focused on only one
thing: sex. I kept going for a few moments then moved away again.
Shelly moaned in frustration.

A moment later Shelly saw the flash of a camera despite her blindfold
as I snapped her picture from several angles. She was surprised when I
next unfastened her legs and a moment later her arms. I re attached her
wrists behind her. I led her inside and into a carpeted room. The
feeling of the plastic intruder in her bottom as she moved was driving
her nuts. She had never been turned on there before.

She was panting openly as I lay her on her back on a low table. Once
again her hands were tied above her head. Two more leather straps were
fastened to her, these just above her knees around her thighs. The
cords that were attached to the leather straps at her knees and ankles
pulled her legs up and wide apart leaving her completely open and
exposed to me. She was still, of course, blindfolded. In many respects,
this was more exposed than Shelly had ever been in her life. I could
see her hips squirming on the table as Shelly moaned, waiting to be
touched. I did not keep her waiting long. She felt my fingers touching
between her legs and despite herself, she strained her hips upward to
press her soaking pussy against my hand. I provided no relief however.

"Don 't move." I said again. Shelly let out a frustrated whimper. For a
moment or two, she couldn't figure out what I was doing between her
legs and then it dawned on her. I was shaving her! She had been shaved
before when she gave birth years ago, but that was NOT like this. My
movements were slow, deliberate and very sensual. the job didn't take
long. The feeling of my warm hands rubbing baby oil into her now smooth
pubis were enough to cause her to moan out loud.

"Please...." she begged. I stood up and reached over to remove her
blindfold.

My fingers traced her panting lips and her tongue darted out to lick
them.

I smiled. "Are you ready to come for me Shelly?". I asked as I looked
deep into her eyes.

"Oh yes!" she gasped. My tongue trailed a line from her neck to her
left breast and swirled slowly around the erect nipple before
continuing its journey downward. I bypassed her wet slit and leaned
down to lick the back of her left knee. My tongue moved up slowly along
the inside of her thigh. I kept going until I could taste her sweet
juices and I could see her pulling against the straps that bound her.
Shelly's breath was coming in ragged gasps now as I started up her
right thigh. With my thumbs, I held her now smooth lips wide apart,
open for me. She Shelly could feel my hot breath as my tongue came
closer and closer. Ever so gently, I blew on her exposed clitoris, hard
and wet and ready for me.

"Oh Please!..." she moaned. I let wait just one moment longer before
sucking it into my mouth. Her hips bucked involuntarily as my tongue
licked her clit from side to side. She was about to come. I reached
down with one hand and gently twisted at the almost forgotten plug in
her bottom. It was too much for her.

Shelly cried out loudly as she pulled at her restraints. Her hands
clenched into fists and her toes curled as wave after wave her orgasm
washed over her.

Each new flick of my tongue, each tug at the intruder in her bottom,
each new sensation caused another peak as Shelly cried out again and
again. Finally, exhausted, I let her go. It was the beginning of a
night of lovemaking that would continue until dawn.




45 Best Friends: Part I

"Today is the day!" thought Kara as she woke up. Kara had been making
plans for this Saturday evening for the last two weeks. Two weeks ago,
she had been visiting her boyfriend's apartment when she had discovered
a sex magazine on the table. It had been no ordinary Playboy either.
The one had a picture of a naked woman completely tied up on the cover!
The magazine had been full of such pictures and stories. Kara had
devoured the publication, fascinated by what she saw. Mark had never
done anything like that with her! The thought of trying something like
this had lived in Kara's most private fantasies for a long time but now
the possibility of turning these fantasies into reality was at hand.

Kara had shared her plans with her best friend Laura and Laura had
agreed to help. She and Laura had been best friends for 10 of their 19
years and shared everything with each other.

The day passed in a blur as Kara did some shopping, picked up some
items she would need that evening and got her apartment ready for
tonight's "hot" date.

Laura arrived at about 6:00pm. Her face was flushed as though she had
been jogging. 'I am so damned wet, I can barely stand it!', she said.

Kara grinned back at her, 'Me too!'

What time is Mark expected?', asked Laura.

At 8:00 o'clock.' answered her best friend.

O.K., I couldn't resist stopping by the sex store on 1st Street.', said
Laura, 'I picked up a couple of "interesting" items.'

'You went without me?!' exclaimed Kara.

What did you get?'

Laura smiled, 'You'll see.... When the time is right.'

Oh God!', said Kara, 'I don't know if I can go through with this.'
'You'd better decide quick Kara, because this is pretty much your last
chance to back out.' Kara hesitated for a moment and then took a deep
breath.

O.K., I'll do it. I mean, I'm dying to try it. I'm just nervous.'

Great.', said Laura, 'Ummmm, have you had your bath yet?' Kara shook
her head.

Alright, off you go to do that then. I'll get a few things ready in
your bedroom.' Kara disappeared into the bathroom and a few moments
later Laura heard the sound of the bathtub being filled. Laura picked
up her bag and went into the bedroom. By the time Kara had finished
with her makeup, the time was almost 7:00 o'clock. Wrapping a huge bath
towel around her young nude body, Kara joined Laura in the bedroom.
Kara noticed that her dresser was partly covered with a cloth that
seemed to hide some objects that had been placed there.

What's this?', she asked. Laura giggled from the easy chair in the
corner.

You'll find out soon enough. Are you ready to start?' Kara hesitated
one last time. When she had first had the idea of being naked and tied
up for Mark to discover, she hadn't figured on being so nervous about
it. Now she felt herself trembling. She knew that the next step would
mean taking off her towel and allowing Laura to tie her up. After all,
that's how they had planned it.

Certainly she and Laura had seen each other naked before. Kara even
remembered when they had double dated and had ended up side by side on
her bed while their boyfriends made love to them simultaneously. This,
however, made Kara feel more vulnerable than she ever had before. Kara
felt her eyes drawn to the dresser as she wondered what Laura had
bought at the sex shop.

Taking a deep breath Kara tore her eyes from the dresser to look at her
friend.

Don't look so smug.', she grinned, 'You'd be nervous too if it was
you.'

Laura grinned back, 'Well, are you ready?'

In answer, Kara reached down and pulled the towel apart, letting it
drop to the floor to reveal her naked body.

Laura giggled, 'O.K. then, sit down on the bed and I'll give you your
first surprise. Kara sat quickly on the bed as Laura reached for
something on the dresser. Laura turned back to Kara holding a black
silk scarf in her hands.

'This is your blindfold.', she said.

'Oh God, here we go.', though Kara as her friend tied the blindfold
around her head.

'Alright now, lay back.', said Laura. Kara lay back on the bed. Her
hands moved of their own volition to cover herself. 'Oh no, that won't
do at all.', said Laura as she gently pulled Kara's hands above her
head. Kara felt her friend moving across the bed and then felt straps
of some kind being fastened around her wrists. Her wrists were pulled
taught and attached to something at the head of the bed. Kara was now
helpless. She felt her breathing quicken as she heard Laura move over
to the dresser. A moment later, more straps were attached. This time to
Kara's thighs just above her knees.

'Oh no.', Kara thought to herself as Laura attached ropes to the thigh
straps and pulled them back and wide apart. Laura found her own
breathing quicken as she looked down at her pretty friend.

Kara's hands were tied to the headboard and her knees were now up and
wider apart than even during a doctor's examination. Kara's curly brown
muff was stretched wide open and Laura couldn't miss seeing the juices
that appeared on her friend's parted pink slit. 'Whew! This is getting
hot!', thought Laura as she picked up the straps for Kara's ankles. A
few moments later, Kara felt her ankles pulled wide apart also. Laura
looked at her watch, 40 minutes to go!

'Are you O.K. Kara?', she asked. Kara was panting slightly.

'Uh huh.', she answered.

'God Kara, you're sooo wet!', said Laura. Laura smiled as she watched
Kara blush a deep red under her blindfold. 'I bought a few goodies for
you today that'll make you even wetter for Mark.', she said. Kara
squirmed slightly. She wondered what Laura had in store for her.

Laura looked over her purchases, trying to figure out which one to use
first.

'Hmmm, the heating lotion I think.', she said to herself and opened up
the jar. Taking a dollop of the jelly on her fingers, she moved over to
the bed. Suddenly it was Laura who was nervous. She had enjoyed
immensely watching Kara take off her clothes. And tying her up had been
great. Looking at Kara's spread open pussy had turned Laura on but now
Laura was going to have to actually touch Kara's naked body. As close
as they were, neither Kara nor Laura had ever touched another woman
sexually before. Laura reached out two fingers and tentatively touched
the warming jelly to Kara's already hard nipple. Kara gasped at the
touch. Feeling a bit more confident, Laura gently circled the erect
nipple. She had always admired Kara's breasts particularly the nipples.
Kara's nipples were a dark brown where Laura's were a pale pink. Both
girls had unusually long nipples but Kara's were both long and thick.
Laura had secretly fantasized about what it would be like to suck on
Kara's nipples.

The lotion that now covered Kara's right nipple was beginning to heat
up. Kara's breathing was becoming more and more ragged as the
stimulation of her nipple increased. 'Do you like that Kara?', asked
her best friend. 'Oh yes.', replied Kara in a gasp. Taking another
large dab of the warming lotion, Laura began rubbing the left nipple.
At first she just dabbed it on but as she became bolder, Laura began
pinching and squeezing the fat nipples. Kara was squirming helplessly
in her bonds when Laura's hands suddenly left her breasts. The lotion
was, by now, very warm and Kara felt the hot stimulation constantly.
Laura thought for a moment about what to do next and then went to the
dresser for a tube of K Y jelly. Covering one finger fully in the
slippery jelly, Laura moved back to the bed and sat between her
friend's outstretched legs.

With her other hand, Laura gently stroked the insides of Kara's thighs
letting her fingers trail from the backs of her knees all the way up to
just shy of her soaking wet pussy lips. Kara strained her hips upward
in a vain attempt to have Laura touch her. All of a sudden, Kara felt a
tickling sensation at her rear opening. She gasped and went absolutely
still. Kara had NEVER been touched there before. Holding her breath,
Kara waited to see what Laura would do next. The moment seemed to last
for hours as Kara felt the very tip of Laura's finger circling her
sensitive anus. Kara was, of course, helpless to do anything about it.

Nevertheless, she felt her toes curl and her thighs strain against the
straps as Laura's long thin finger slowly pushed into her virgin
bottom. Laura was gentle but firm as she slid her forefinger into
Kara's bottom as far as it would go.

When it was deep inside her, she held it there, letting Kara get
accustomed to having her anus held open by someone. Then, ever so
slowly, she started moving her finger in and out in what were at first,
minuscule movements and then longer and longer strokes until she was
almost removing her finger and then plunging it deep into Kara's
rectum. Kara had never felt anything like this before in her life. The
sensations of the hot lotion on her nipples and now the long thin
finger of Laura sliding in and out of her anal opening had her panting
out loud.

Kara moaned, despite herself and she felt that familiar twinge from
deep in her belly that meant she was close to coming. Laura must have
felt it too, because instantly, her finger slide right out of her
bottom and Kara was left panting, hoping that Laura would giver her
relief.

Letting Kara come so quickly was the furthest thing from Laura's mind
and she was glad that she had stopped before Kara had been able to have
an orgasm. She waited a few moments for Kara to calm down and then went
back to the dresser for the next toy for Kara to experience. Kara felt
Laura get up from the bed and then heard her moving around over near
the dresser. She had never been so turned on as she was at this moment.
The plan had always been for Kara to be tied up and hot and wet waiting
for Mark, but this was more than Kara had ever imagined.

Kara felt Laura's weight as she sat down on the bed, again between her
legs.

Laura looked down at Kara's hot and wet body. Her pussy juices were
actually trickling down Kara's body and adding to the lubrication
between her buttocks.

Laura looked down at the crinkled opening of Kara's anus. It was shiny
from the lubrication it had just received and Laura watched it clench
as Kara anticipated it being touched again. In the sex shop that
afternoon, Laura had discovered something called a butt plug.

The one she had purchased was about five inches long. It was tapered at
the end and then widened out to about an inch and a half wide at the
widest part then tapered down again to about a half inch wide before
attaching to the T shaped handle at the end. The handle was to prevent
the plug from disappearing into the rectum, Laura had been told. Kara
started as Laura placed the tip of the plastic intruder at the entrance
to Kara's bottom. Laura teased just the first half inch in and out of
Kara to get her used to the penetration. Then, in one long, firm
motion, Laura slid the entire plug deep into her friend. As the
thickest part passed into her, Kara's sphincter pulled the rest in
seating the 'T' against her anus. Kara was breathing in short ragged
breaths now and Laura could see her feet pulling against the straps
Laura reached down and gently teased the plug.

Each time she touched it, she was rewarded with a gasp or a moan from
Kara. Kara had never felt anything like what she was feeling now. Her
anus was held open, impaled on the rectal plug. Her nipples were very
hot from the lotion that had been rubbed onto them. She could feel her
own juices trickling down her buttocks. Her whole body was tensed up,
waiting for whatever Laura decided to do to her next. The tiny drip
from an ice cube on her inner thigh caused Kara to jump. That drip was
followed by another, this one halfway between her hip and her knee on
her left thigh. Then Kara felt Laura's warm breath blowing gently where
the water had fallen. Another drip of ice water fell, this time a
little higher up on Kara's thigh. Kara waited for the delicious feeling
of Laura's warm breath. Instead, she felt the very tip of Laura's
tongue, licking the drop of water from her thigh 'Ohhh!', gasped Kara.

Thus encouraged, Laura worked her way slowly up Kara's smooth inner
thigh. First a drip from the ice cube then immediately followed by her
not roving tongue.

Kara was beside herself. As Laura's tongue got closer and closer to
Kara's dripping pussy, the tension got higher and higher. Finally,
Laura's tongue traveled up and down where Kara's thigh met her pussy.
Kara knew that the next lick would be directly on her clit. She arched
her hips up, silently begging her best friend to lick her hard nubbin.
Laura had other ideas. Moving back down, she started on Kara's other
thigh. 'I'll never survive this.', thought Kara as she moaned loudly
and squirmed in the tough nylon straps that held her tight. It seemed
to take forever for Laura and her maddening tongue to make their way up
Kara's thighs. Kara held her breath in anticipation and then gasped as
the ice cube dripped on her spread open pussy lips. Kara felt the cool
drip of water trail down her pussy lips and around the base of the plug
still lodged firmly inside her before sliding down between her
buttocks.

'I'll bet you'd like your little pussy licked wouldn't you?', asked
Laura teasingly. 'Oh God. Please do it Laura. I'm going crazy!', said
Kara. 'It's almost time Kara. Mark will be here any minute. I've
unlocked the door for him.

I think he'd like to see you this hot.' 'Oh please Laura. Please lick
it. I can't wait anymore.' Laura reached down with the fingers of her
left hand and held Kara's pussy lips wide apart. Kara's clitoris was
hard and pink. Kara was holding her breath. With her other hand, Laura
reached down and grasped the end of the butt plug. She pulled at it
gently. Not hard enough to remove it, just hard enough to tease Kara's
anal muscles a little more. Kara moaned loudly and as she did Laura
leaned over and ran her hot, wet tongue directly over her friend's
clit. Kara bucked her hips at the sudden exquisite sensation and cried
out. Her whole body tightened up and as it did, she felt her anus clamp
down hard on the rectal intruder, pulling it solidly into her bottom.
It was almost too much.

Laura got up and looked down at Kara who was pulling in vain at her
bonds.

Kara's whole body was covered in a thin sheen of sweat and Laura could
see that she was trembling.

She's soooo close,' thought Laura. Suddenly the doorbell rang. Laura
jumped up.

'I'm going to be in the closet', she whispered, 'I'm going to watch
everything Kara.' Kara nodded her head, now both nervous and excited at
the prospect of having Mark see her tied up like this.

You're not going to leave that thing in my ass are you?', she whispered
back.

Laura smiled. She reached down with one hand and pushed hard at the
base of the anal plug. Kara gasped as the plug moved within her.

You bet I am.', said Laura as she scurried into the closet to wait for
Mark.

Laura could hear Mark coming along the corridor. She had only a few
moments before he would come in the bedroom. She reached under her
skirt and pulled at her soaking panties, pulling them off and allowing
her easy access to her own pussy as she peaked out of the closet and
waited for what would happen next at her friend.

?

I was sitting in my living room reading a magazine, when I was startled
by the ringing of the phone. I reached over and picked it up. "Hello" I
said. I heard the voice of my master on the other end saying, " Hi
Lira. On your way over here tonight I want you to run by the grocery
store at 5th and Division and pick up some beer for me and you tonight.
Be sure you drive Harris, to Juniper, to division and then from there
down Fifth to Grant till you get to Harrison and then down Harrison
till you get here. Now it is very important you drive that exact route.
I want you to leave your house at exactly 7pm and I want you to be here
by 7:45 pm. You understand your instructions?"

"Yes, sir, I understand your instructions." I said.

At 6pm I took a shower and got dressed in the usual manner . I was backing out of the driveway at
precisely 7 pm. I drove the route instructed to the grocery store, went
in and got the beer and started the drive to my Master's house. I
turned onto Harrison and started to drive down the dark streets.

Suddenly, I noticed the blinking lights of what appeared to be a plain
clothes police car. I pulled over to the side of the road, wondering
what I had done wrong. I glanced at my watch and noticed it was 7:30
and I knew I still had a 10 minute drive to my Master's home. I watched
the person get out of the car and approach mine.

"Would you please get out of your car, ma'am." He said.

"What did I do officer?" I asked.

"Just get out of the car ma'am." he said.

I opened the door and got out, very conscious of my lack of underwear.
A flashlight was shined in my eyes, blinding me. "Yes she matches the
picture."

The man said.

"Ma'am, please turn around and put the palms of your hands on the roof
of the car." the other man said.

"Why?" I asked.

The man in front of me grabbed my shoulder, turned me around and said
"Hands on the roof NOW!!!"

I put my hands on the car roof. I was trembling and wondering what this
was all about.

"Better frisk her to see if she is armed." the other man said. I then 
felt hands slowly and carefully running down my body. They squeezed my
breasts making me gasp. Ran down my stomach and then over my hips. Then
down my legs. They didn't miss a spot. Then I felt them coming back up
on my inner legs. I started to protest and was told to shut up and
standstill. My inner thighs were checked.

"There are no weapons here."

"What did I supposedly do?" I asked.

"Ma'am we got a report from the grocery store at 5th and division, you
shoplifted a 12 pack of beer." the other man said.

"I paid for that." I protested.

"Not according to the clerk." the man behind me said. "You have a
receipt to prove that?

I said "Yes in the bag is the receipt."

The other man opened the door on the other side and reached in the bag.
He searched around, "Nope no receipt here."

"Are you sure?" I asked. I started to pull away from the car to look
myself, but was forced back against the car.

I then felt one wrist grabbed and put behind my back and then the
other. I heard the clicking of the handcuffs as they were placed around
each wrist.

"There has to be a mistake. I paid for that beer." I said, my voice
trembling.

"Well ma'am we have to take you down to the station until we can
straighten this all out." the man behind me said. The guy on the other
side of the car locked the door after he removed the bag with the beer.
I was led back to the other car and put in the back seat. One of the
guys slid in next to me. The other one got in the car behind the wheel
and we drove off.

"Let's take her to the other office rather than to the main station."
the guy next to me said.

"Okay" said the other guy. About 20 minutes later we pulled up to a
large building. the car stopped and both men got out. I was helped out
and we walked through the front door of what appeared to be an empty
building. I was led to the elevator and the one man pushed 15. We rode
up in the elevator in silence. The elevator stopped at the 15th floor
and the doors opened. I was led down the hallway to an office. We
entered the office and there was a large desk with a man seated behind
it.

"We have a shoplifter here and she has to be questioned and possibly
booked." one man said.

"You will find an empty room down the hallway to your right. Use that
one," said the man behind the desk.

I was led down the hallway and into the room. The room had 3 chairs, a
table, and a large mirror on the wall. There was also an intercom on
the wall. One of the men walked to the intercom and pushed the switch
and said "When the clerk gets here, let us know and we will get her in
a line up for possible identification."

"Okay" the reply came.

The handcuffs were released and I was told to sit in a chair. I was
asked time and time again why I stole the beer and I kept saying I
hadn't done it. I got upset at one time and stood up. I was immediately
shoved back into the chair and once again the handcuffs were applied.

As each moment went by I got more and more upset. The door opened and
in walked my master. I gasped and blurted out that I was accused of
stealing the beer I had bought you.

You smiled gently and said "Yes I know and this is all been arranged to
give you a very special evening. You will be going through the complete
procedure and I am going to take over for now. This will be no ordinary
booking. Thank you gentlemen for your help."

I smiled. You indicated first that I was going to have to go through a
strip search. You told me to take off all my clothes, which I did
immediately. You then told me to put my hands behind my head and link
my fingers. You then very carefully began to run your hands down my
body. Your warm hands caressing my body. I shivered and squirmed a
little. You then rolled my nipple between your finger and thumb until
it was very hard. You reached in your pocket and took out a pair of
nipple clamps connected by a gold chain. You slowly screwed the clamp
down until my nipple was firmly gripped. You then did the same thing
with my other nipple. Then your hand moved down and stroked my stomach
and my hips and then down my outer thighs.

Finally you came back up my inner thighs and rubbed my pussy. I felt
you roll my clit and I moaned. You then inserted one and then two
fingers into my already wet cunt. You stroked my cunt and my clit until
I was really squirming. You stopped and removed your fingers and placed
them at my mouth. I licked them clean. You placed your hands on my
shoulders and forced me to kneel. I reached up and undid your pants and
removed your cock and began to lick and suck it.

After a little while you came in my mouth and I swallowed it.

You then pulled me to my feet and turned me around. You took one hand
and then the other and tied them behind me. You then led me down a
hallway to a large room with bright lights. You guided me to a wall and
told me to stand there. I could hear you talking to someone but I
couldn't see who it was. I then was instructed to turn to my right and
then my left and then with my back to wall and then with my front to
the wall. I could hear sounds from the back of the room. I then heard
someone say that is her.

You came out of the shadows and told me that I had been identified
positively as the person who took the beer from the grocery store.
Again I protested that I had bought the beer. You just took me by my
elbow and guided me out of the room and down the hallway. My bare feet
shuffled along the hallway as I was pushed quickly. We went into the
outer office and past the guy sitting at the desk. He looked up and I
felt his eyes scan my naked body. I saw a smile begin.

I was led down another hallway and you stopped in front of a closed
door. You opened the door and pushed me into the dark room. You flipped
on the light and once my eyes adjusted to the light I saw this was no
ordinary room. On the walls was an assortment of paddles, whips, and
other spanking implements. I also noticed a cupboard. Also on the wall
were pictures of other people who had used this room....in various
positions and locations. There was also a large mirror that covered one
whole wall. I noticed a beam on the ceiling that had various eyehooks
and pulleys and clips hanging from it. On the floor I noticed clamps,
eyehooks, and other things to tie ropes to.

I was pushed to a large vertical beam that had a ring near the top. On
the floor was a couple of shackles. You turned me around and pressed my
back to the beam.

I could feel the wood against my back. You released my hands
momentarily, but quickly resecured them in front of me. You then walked
to the cupboard and got a carabinier which you snapped into the small
loop you had left in the rope that bound my hands.

"Put your hands over your head and snap the carabinier into the ring at
the top of the beam." you instructed in your firm voice. I was able to
do that after a few attempts. You walked over to the wall and took a
whiplike item from the wall. "Now you know that stealing anything is a
crime and has to be punished," you said matter-of-factly.

"But I didn't steal the beer." I said.

"If I said you stole the beer, You stole the beer. UNDERSTAND?" you
said raising your voice slightly.

"Yes sir." I said.

You took the whiplike thing  and placed it at my lips. I kissed it. You then
slowly ran the strands across my body making sure my whole body felt
the sensation of the soft leather.

I felt it drag across my breasts, felt it cross my nipples and tug
slightly at the clamps on my nipples. I moaned softly. You dragged it
across my stomach and up and down my legs.

Finally you pulled it through my legs and cross my hot pussy. I was
squirming and you smiled. Quickly and without warning you pulled it
back and I felt the leather strands wrap around my stomach. You
continued striking me with the whip and I tried to move away from the
continuous strikes. But you were very skilled and each bow found me
again and again. You stopped for a second and your hand reached down
and I felt your fingers slide into my cunt.

"Nice and wet." You said. Then you backed away, your eyes roving my
body. You then stepped forward and turned me so I was facing the pole.
You told me to spread my legs and I felt the shackled close around
them. My legs were spread wide open and I was totally open and
accessible. I tried to turn my head to see what you were doing.

Then I felt the leather strands smack my ass and legs again and again.

Occasionally I could feel the sting as the strands wrapped around my
pussy. I was twisting and turning. With each blow I moaned louder and
louder. You would stop the peppering of the strokes occasionally to
check to see how wet my pussy was.

Then after numerous strokes, you plunged 3 fingers in my cunt and
stroked my clit until you felt I was close to an orgasm. Each time I
got very close to cumming you stopped. I was pleading, begging to be
allowed to cum. I was pulling at the bonds that held me securely in
place. My head was rolling from side to side. I wanted.... no, needed
to cum. You kept denying me.

Suddenly I felt my hands released and I was forced to bend at the
waist. I heard the zipper of your pants as you unzipped them. Then I
felt your cock at the entrance to my cunt and suddenly you cock filled
my hot wet cunt. Your hands wrapped around my hips and I felt your cock
caressing my cunt. You begin to rymthmically move my hips and your hips
so that my hips came back to you as your hips came toward me. Your cock
was buried deeper and deeper with each stroke. I no longer could
control my desire to cum and I pleaded to be allowed to cum.

You said "Of course you may now cum, Lira" Suddenly the muscles of my
stomach contracted and my cunt milked your cock as we came together.
Our gasps and moans were one.

You continued stroking your cock in and out until you went soft. You
then lowered me to the floor and let me ride out the after effects of
the mind boggling orgasm that you had allowed me to have. I felt your
hands stroking me.

I felt your lips as they kissed my back. I felt my legs being released
from the shackles. As my breathing returned to normal you helped me to
my feet and guided me to a couch in the corner of the room. You pulled
me down beside you and slowly stroked me. I snuggled up close.

"Did you enjoy your experience tonight my little slave?" you asked.

"Yes I did," I replied.

You got up off the couch, went to a closet, and brought me my clothes.
"Get dressed and I will take you back to your car." you said. You then
reached over and removed the nipple clamps causing me to gasp as the
blood rushed back into the nipples. You stroked then gently and then
let me get dressed.

As we walked out past the front desk you asked if the guys had enjoyed
the show.

They all smiled and I suddenly realized that the whole scene had been
observed by all the men. I blushed and hurried down the hallway to the
elevator. You drove me to my car and kissed me gently.

"Now my little slut, go home and get some sleep. I have lots more
experiences planned for you in the coming weeks." You said softly.

I said goodnight, climbed in my car and drove home. I undressed and
laid down on the bed and drifted off to sleep reliving this evenings
experience and wondering what you had in store for me in the coming
days.




46 Karen Visits Master Chris

Karen felt a familiar tingling of excitement as her taxi pulled up to
the hotel entrance. Whenever she got the chance to meet her Master it
was a thrill. She wished for the thousandth time that her Master lived
in the same city as she did and sighed audibly. Still, she thought,
it's wonderful to see him when I do. This would be their fifth meeting
and Karen wondered what would happen this time. Sex had never been like
it was with her master. Under his expert training, Karen had been
brought to levels she never would have imagined before.

Master Chris had taught her the delights of being blindfolded. He had
excited her beyond anything she had ever experienced when he bound her.
Each demand he made seemed to bring a blush to her face as he asked
more and more of her. She had discovered, to her surprise, that anal
sex was an incredible turn-on as was having to 'display' herself to
him. She had expected that a spanking would be a complete turn off. She
was wrong. Bending over her Master's knee with her bare bottom
presented for punishment had her soaking wet in seconds. Now, just the
sight of a blindfold or handcuffs turned her on.

It had been 3 months since the last session. It had started out very
much like this, with Karen meeting Master Chris at his hotel. Here she
was again. As instructed, Karen was wearing a light cotton skirt and
blouse. Underneath there were, of course, no undergarments. As Karen
got out of the taxi, she was careful to hold her skirt down in the
windy weather. Karen walked into the hotel and up to the front desk.

"Do you have a message for me?", she asked, "My name is Karen Sommer."

"Oh yes.", replied the clerk, "This envelope is for you."

Karen opened the envelope and read the note inside. 'Come to room 421'
it said, 'Be prepared to obey any instructions given to you.' Karen
felt her pulse quicken as she read the note.

A few short moments later Karen was in the elevator heading for the 4th
floor. As she rode up Karen could feel her pussy getting warmer and
warmer. Her nipples were hard and thick and poked through the thin
fabric of her blouse. Karen hesitated at the door of room 421. Once she
actually knocked, she knew there would be no turning back. It was a
piquant moment. One of fear and excitement at the same time. Karen took
a deep breath and knocked on the door. For a long moment nothing
happened and Karen was left listening to the pounding of her heart.
Suddenly the door opened and Karen found herself looking into the face
of a complete stranger! 'He's handsome', Karen said to herself. The man
was in his mid-thirties with short dark hair and crystal clear blue
eyes.

"Yes?", he said.

"Oh, I'm s-s-s-sorrry," stammered Karen, "I m-m-m-must have the wrong
room."

The man's smile seemed to pierce right through her.

"No Miss Sommer, you do not. Come in."

Karen's eyes slowly widened as she began to grasp what was about to
happen. As if in a daze she felt herself walking into the spacious
hotel suite.

"Stand here." said the man and pointed to the middle of the room.

Karen stood where directed and looked around the room, hoping. But her
Master was not to be found. The man, meanwhile, was now sitting in one
of the room's easy chairs and seemed to be enjoying her discomfort.

"Turn around Karen and face away from me." he said firmly.

His voice seemed to command her and Karen found herself turning before
she could even think to disobey. Facing away from the strange man was
even more disconcerting. Karen felt her palms becoming sweaty. She was
acutely aware of her nakedness beneath her thin cotton skirt. She was
sure it would not be long before her lack of panties was discovered.
Karen was left standing that way for several minutes. She heard the man
get up and walk around the room. Although she could see him (She didn't
dare turn around.), her hearing became more sensitive as she listened
to the opening and closing of luggage zippers and bureau drawers. Karen
gasped softly as he pulled a blindfold down over her eyes.

Despite the fact that she was fully clothed, Karen felt more vulnerable
and exposed than she ever had before.

It was another couple of minutes before she felt the touch of the
strange man again. Despite herself, Karen was getting more and more
excited by this strange turn of events. Karen heard the man move in
front of her. His hands were gentle as he reached for the top button on
her blouse. Karen could help trembling as her blouse slowly came open.
As he pulled the blouse from her skirt and pulled the sides apart,
Karen could feel a draft of air drift across her now naked breasts. Her
dark brown nipples crinkled at the sensation. Karen's breasts were well
shaped but not large. Her nipples, on the other hand, were unusually
thick and long. Although there was literally nothing that she could do
to control them, Karen blushed as her nipples stiffened. Karen half-
expected the man to touch her now exposed breasts. Instead, he reached
for the clasp of her skirt. Oh God, thought Karen, now he's going to
see EVERYTHING. Karen had not thought about it up until now but, unlike
most women, her pubis was shaved completely smooth in accordance with
her Master's wishes. The clasp and zipper presented little difficulty
and much to Karen's embarrassment, she felt the garment fall to a
puddle at her ankles.

The man moved slowly around the naked girl examining her body. She was
very pretty. He left her there for a few moments, letting her savor the
sensation of being naked, blindfolded, in front of a strange man. She
didn't even know his name.

"Hands behind your head Karen.", he said suddenly. Karen quickly did as
he asked.

"Elbows back."

Karen pushed her elbows further back thus lifting her breasts further
out for presentation. "Feet apart," he said.

Wordlessly Karen spread her legs. She had never felt so helpless. Now
she heard the man moving around her again, examining her. God she was
wet!

The knock on the door startled her. Karen gasped. What should she do?,
she thought as her heart began to race in a panic. To her horror, she
heard the man go over to the door and open it.

"Come in." he said.

Karen felt her face flush a beet red as someone else walked into the
room. The door closed and someone sat in the chair in front of her.

"Yes, put them on her." said the man and Karen knew that it was him
sitting and watching her.

Karen felt cool delicate hands attaching straps to the tops of her
thighs. They were cinched tight. Similar straps went around her wrists,
still held obediently behind her head. The wrist straps were now
attached together with a clasp and Karen felt a cool thin chain hanging
down her back and between her buttocks dangling from the clasp at her
wrists. The bottom of this chain split in two and was attached to the
straps on her thighs. Her hands were now securely held behind her head
leaving her helpless to pull her hands forward. Until she was released,
even if she wanted to, she would be unable to cover her breasts or
pussy.

"Very nice." said the man. "Now take the pictures."

Pictures!? thought Karen, Oh No!

Karen heard the click of the camera several times as she was
photographed from several different directions.

"She's very pretty like this isn't she?" said a woman's voice,
confirming Karen's suspicions about the other person in the room. "I
love these nipples.

Look how long they are." she said as Karen felt her right nipo.", said
the strange woman as she trailed her fingers down Karen's belly to
strokeple grasped between the thumb and forefinger of the woman. Karen
gasped as the over-sensitive nipple was pulled forward.

"I think her Master made a good choice in keeping her shaved als the
prominent mound. "Perhaps we can talk Chris into lending her to us for
a weekend."

The man laughed, "Perhaps, but he'd probably be more inclined to come
along and have the three of us train her at the same time as a couple
of others."

Karen stood quietly as the two strangers discussed her. The
conversation was, at once, terrifying and exciting.

"She's got a perfect ass too," said the woman. "I'd love to heat it up
for her."

Karen felt the woman's hands stroking her buttocks and wondered if a
spanking was next.

The man chuckled, "Maybe next time. We'd better get her ready."

Karen felt the woman grab her left nipple firmly.

"Come with me Karen.", she said as she led the blindfolded woman into
the next room. "Good girl. Now stand still."

Karen's nipples were throbbing where the woman had tugged at them. The
chain was disconnected from her thighs and Karen's hands were pulled
forward over head to hang in front of her.

The woman disconnected her wrists and pushed the girl forward. Karen's
knees bumped against a low table.

"Get on the table on your hands and knees." said the woman.

Karen did as she was told and found the table to be padded with
leather. The woman carefully adjusted Karen's position.

"Knees wide apart Karen." she instructed.

Straps were attached now to Karen's ankles and then fastened apart to
the table. Her thigh straps were lowered to just above her knees.

"Head down." said the woman.

Karen bent forward and obediently pressed her cheek to the cool
leather. Karen's buttocks were now high in the air and well displayed.
The woman took Karen's wrists and pulled them back to attach them to
the straps at her knees. Thin chains now held her knees wide apart
leaving Karen helplessly exposed from the rear. Karen had never been
more excited in her life. Her pussy was soaking wet and she could feel
a tiny trickle of her own juices working it way down her thigh. The
click of the camera had her gasp again as another series of pictures
were taken.

Karen heard a movement behind her then a long thin finger slid slowly
but firmly deep into her bottom. Karen couldn't stifle a loud moan as
the woman's finger violated her tight anus. The woman continued to
lubricate her first with one finger then with two. The in and out,
twisting motions were driving Karen crazy.

"O.K. she's ready." said the woman as she pulled her fingers from
Karen's body.

Karen clenched her rectal muscles involuntarily as her body made a vain
attempt to keep the probing fingers within her. A moment later, Karen
felt the plastic tip of some kind of plug as it was teased into her
tight and now slippery opening. The tip of the plug was thin and the
man slid it slowly in and out, getting Karen used to its size. Now the
man slide the whole plug into her in one long motion slowing only
momentarily for the thick bulge in the middle of the plug to pass into
her body. The plug was now lodged firmly in Karen's shapely rear. The
thick bulge in the middle of the plug was now deep in Karen's rectum.
It would prevent Karen from pushing the plug out. Until it was removed
for her, the anal intruder would remain where it was. Karen was now
breathing heavily.

The woman stroked Karen's cheek gently.

"Good-bye little one." she said, "You will meet us again soon."

Karen felt the man's hand touch the end of the anal plug and suddenly
she felt it come alive. The tip of the plug that was lodged firmly in
her started to grow longer. The tip extended itself even deeper into
her bottom in a slow but relentless movement. Karen whimpered and the
couple watched her clench her fists and curl her toes at the exquisite
sensation. Now the tip retreated again quite slowly and then extended
again. The man patted her bottom gently.

"Good-bye Karen." he chuckled.

Karen could only moan as she heard them walk to the door and leave.

The butt plug continued its easy in and out motions in long strokes
that had Karen gasp at each deep penetration. The next five minutes
seemed like hours before she heard the door open again. Footsteps made
their way to her side. Who was it now?, she wondered as the plug once
again worked its way deep into her rectum.

"Hello Karen." said her Master, "Have you been a good girl?"

"Oh yes Sir." gasped Karen.

"Please... Please Sir", she whimpered.

Master Chris smiled as he moved behind her. Karen felt the tip of his
cock at the entrance to her drenched pussy. Gently he nudged the head
of it between her swollen pussy lips and held it there for a moment.

"I watched the whole thing, you know." he said, "I've been here the
whole time."

"Oh Sir, please take me... Please!" begged Karen.

He timed his first thrust to be at the same time and speed as the
penetrating anal plug. Karen felt herself filled in front and behind at
the same time. The sensation was too much. Karen's body trembled as the
first wave of her orgasm hit her. She cried out again and again as each
wave washed over her. Dimly, as if from a distance, she heard her
Master cry out as he spent himself deep in her.

Karen lay quietly as the plug was removed and her blindfold and bonds
undone. Finally, curled up on the bed in her Master's arms, she looked
up into his eyes.

"Thank you." she whispered. Then, purring like a contented cat, she
closed her eyes to sleep.




47 For a Price

Chapter 1: The Contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kathryn looked out the window of the Boeing 747 and wondered for
the thousandth time if she had made the right choice.  It was
almost a month ago that she had been approached by a handsome man
with a remarkable proposition.  How they had gotten her name and
how they seemed to know everything about her had been a mystery
at first.  It had been a hectic day at work that fateful Friday.
When Kathryn had arrived home there was only one message on her
answering machine.

"Hello Miss Duel.", said the disembodied voice, "My name is
Alexander March.  We have not met.  However, i have been told
that you might be interested in an exciting business opportunity.
I'd like to meet with you to discuss it.  You can reach me at the
Hilton Hotel."

Her curiosity piqued, Kathryn wondered what on earth the cryptic
message meant.  She kicked off her shoes and started to undress
as she headed for a well deserved shower.  Leaving a trail of
clothes behind her as she went, Kathryn considered whether to
return the call.  Certainly she had never heard of this Alexander
March but the idea of an 'exciting' adventure intrigued her.  The
hot water of the shower was soothing and Kathryn let the hot
water cascade over her as she cleaned away the sweat of a hot,
stressful day playing secretary.

Kathryn wrapped a huge bath towel around her as she stepped from
the shower.  Kathryn headed for her closet.  If I'm going to meet
someone about a job, I'd better dress properly, she thought.
After some consideration, she picked a skirt and blouse
combination that was very feminine but still professional.  As
she dropped the towel, she caught a glimpse of herself in the
full length mirror in her bedroom.  'Mmmm, not bad.', she said to
herself.

Her 23 year old body was, in fact, in perfect condition.  Her 34B
breasts were firm and well shaped.  Her nipples were dark and
unusually thick and pointed up slightly.  Turning to face the
mirror, Kathryn took an appraising look at her well tanned body.
The tan line at her waist accentuated her tight tummy and curved
hips.  Her breasts were also well tanned thanks to a couple of
vacations to Caribbean islands where topless sunbathing was the
norm.  Kathryn's hair was short, blond and curly both above and
below.  'A true blond.', she giggled.  Kathryn watched her
nipples crinkle and extend as she began to get turned on.

"It's sure not hard to tell when you're turned on", she accused
her reflexion as she pulled on her bikini panties.

Her beige skirt and white silk blouse looked good with her tan
and Kathryn decided against stockings or a bra.  Her telephone
call to the Hilton was next.

"Hello Mr. March?", asked Kathryn in a tentative voice.

"Yes?"  "My name is Kathryn Duel.  I understand your looking for
me."

"Ah yes, Miss Duel.  I have a business proposition for you that I
think you'll find interesting."

"Can you tell me what it is?", asked Kathryn.

"Certainly, but I'd prefer it if I could do so in person.  Can I
treat you to dinner?"

"Alright.", answered Kathryn.

"Good.", said the man,

"A limo will pick you up in an hour."

The phone went dead before Kathryn could even say goodbye.  An
hour later, the limousine picked up Kathryn in front of her door.
Kathryn wondered what she was getting herself into.  This was
certainly not like any job interview she had ever been on.  A
handsome, well dressed man was in the back seat.  The first thing
Kathryn noticed about him were his eyes.  Even in the dim light
of the limo, they were a piercing steel grey.  Kathryn felt like
they were looking right through her.

"Good evening Miss Duel.  I am Alexander March.  We'll be eating
at a french restaurant.  One of your favorites, I believe."

"How do you know so much about me?", asked Kathryn.

"I'll explain everything shortly." he replied.

Their table was waiting for them at Chez Pierre's.  It was, as
promised, her favorite restaurant.  Mr. March had arranged for a
secluded table in an alcove where they could talk privately.
Despite Kathryn's curiosity, the conversation was very general
all through the meal and Kathryn found herself very comfortable
in Alexander's company.  When coffee was finally served and the
waiter had left them alone again, her dinner companion turned to
the subject of his offer.

"Miss Duel,", began Alexander, "I represent an extremely wealthy
British businessman who is currently living on his own island in
the Mediterranean near Greece.  This man is a billionaire several
times over.  He has some unusual interests, one of which I think
matches your own.  Each year, this gentleman hires a young person
such as yourself for a one year contract.  The pay for this
contract is $250,000 tax free."

Kathryn gasped audibly as her eyebrows raised.

"And what do I have to do for a quarter of a million dollars?",
she asked suspiciously.
Alexander smiled, "This gentleman is one of a large group of
people who share similar tastes.  You are one of that group.

"Oh?", asked Kathryn, "What group is that?"

Alexander smiled again.  "It consists of people who enjoy sexual
dominance and submission."

Kathryn was stunned!  She stared back at Alexander with her mouth
hanging open.  She couldn't seem to catch her breath.

When she finally found her voice again, it was a mere whisper,
"How did you know that I... I..."

"That you enjoy that kind of play?", offered Alexander.

Kathryn nodded.  "It is my job to discover young women such as
yourself Kathryn.  When I made some discrete enquiries, I came
across your last boyfriend, Robert who gave me your name."

Kathryn barely heard him.  Her mind was racing a mile a minute.
She thought back to Robert who had first introduced her to the
delights of bondage.  she remembered the first time he had
blindfolded her and how wonderful it had been.  She remembered
the first time she was tied helpless and the sensation of pulling
frantically at her bonds as Robert licked her to orgasm.
Truthfully, sex had not been exciting since Robert.

With an effort, Kathryn brought herself back to the table and
this strange man with the piercing eyes who was watching her
quietly.

"What would I have to do?", she asked quietly.

"For a period of one year, starting approximately one month from
now., you would be the sexual slave of my employer.  There are
numerous conditions laid out in a contract you would sign but
essentially, you would have to obey all demands made of you
during that time.  you would not suffer any permanent damage or
injury.  this offer is a one time offer only and will not be
repeated.  Also, the offer is contingent on you receiving a clean
bill of health from our physician.  At the end of the year, you
will receive transportation to any location in the world and the
equivalent of $250,000 U.S. in the currency of your choice."


Kathryn let out a long breath.  For a long moment, nothing was
said as the two of them looked at each other.  Kathryn's mind
raced in a hundred different directions at once.  It was quite an
offer.  To her surprise, Kathryn noticed that not only were her
nipples suddenly hard as rocks but that she was soaking wet!  The
whole idea turned her on!  'I must be crazy.', Kathryn thought to
herself as she considered the offer.

"How long do I have to decide?", she asked Alexander.

"Until tomorrow morning at 9:00AM.", he replied

"Alright.", she said, "I'll tell you my decision by then."

Kathryn did not get any sleep.  The more she thought about the
offer, the more attractive it seemed.  The money was certainly
attractive but even more than that was the excitement of the
offer.  Kathryn was definitely not happy with her life the way it
was now.  By 7:00AM Saturday morning, Kathryn had made up her
mind.  Alexander's phone answered on the first ring.

"O.K., I'll do it.", she told him.

"Very good.", he replied.  "Be at this address at noon today for
your medical."

Alexander gave her the address of a downtown medical complex.
When Kathryn arrived at the doctor's, she was the only patient.
The doctor, an older man, ushered her into the examining room
herself.  Over the next 45 minutes, Kathryn was subjected to the
most thorough examination she had ever experienced.  Among other
things, the doctor took blood and urine samples and recorded her
exact measurements and weight including her shoe size and a
number of other measurements that Kathryn found unusual.  'Why
would they want my wrist size or my ankle size?', she wondered.

When he was done, he handed Kathryn a paper gown and told her to
put it on and then join him in his office.  Kathryn donned the
rear opening gown and did up the ties at the neck and the small
of her back.  She always felt strangely vulnerable wearing one of
these gowns and she was feeling quite vulnerable as she entered
the doctor's office.  To her surprise, Alexander was already
sitting with the doctor.  Kathryn blushed self consciously as she
entered the room.

"Everything checks out.", the doctor was telling Alexander,
"We'll have the blood and urine tests back within the hour."

"Very good.", said Alexander. "Hello Kathryn.", he smiled, "I'm
going to take you to lunch shortly and when we return, if the
test results check out o.k., we'll have your contract ready to
sign.  Also there's an envelope here with $20,000 in cash as an
advance that you can use to wind up your affairs over the next
month.  Before we go though, there is one more thing.  Given the
peculiar type of arrangement we're making, I'm sure you'll
understand why.  I'll be returning with the contract to my
employer today and he'll want to know exactly what you look like.
I'll need a couple of photographs of you in the nude."

Kathryn felt a hot blush hit her face as she heard the request.

"Please remove your gown Kathryn.", said Alexander.

Kathryn's hands were trembling as she reached behind her to undo
the ties to the thin paper covering that was her only protection
from the unrelenting gaze of this unusual man.  Kathryn slowly
pulled the gown from her shoulders and held it for a moment at
her breasts, putting off the final exposure for yet another
moment.  Finally, as though making a decision with herself, she
let the flimsy gown fall to the floor.  Kathryn felt a tear of
humiliation trickle down one cheek as Alexander looked her up and
down appraisingly.  To Kathryn's further embarrassment, her
nipples tightened uncontrollably and began extending out from her
tanned breasts.

"You're very pretty Kathryn.", said Alexander.

"Thank you." whispered Kathryn.

Alexander reached for the camera on the desk.  Kathryn blinked as
the flash went off.  "Very nice Kathryn, now please clasp your
hands behind your head."  Kathryn obediently did as she was
asked.  Again the brilliance of the flash illuminated the room.

"That's fine Kathryn.  You can drop your hands.  Now please turn
and face away from me."

Kathryn turned to display her curved buttocks to the man.

"Look over your shoulder so I can see your face." instructed
Alexander.

The camera clicked for the third time.

"Spread your legs far apart Kathryn."

She did so.

"A little farther if you please."

Kathryn edged her bare feet wider apart.  Again she was blinded
by the flash.

"Good.  You can look forward now."

Thankfully, Kathryn looked away from Alexander's gaze.

"Don't move Kathryn." he said.

Kathryn heard him rise from his seat and walk forward.  She could
feel his presence right behind her but didn't dare turn around.
His hand was suddenly between her legs from behind going higher
and higher then a probing finger dipping deep into her for a
moment.

Alexander chuckled, "Your soaking wet. I think you're going to
like this contract.  Alright go back into the examining room and
get dressed".

A couple of minutes later they were walking down the corridor.
Four floors below the doctor's office, they entered another
office.  Alexander sat down behind a large mahogany desk and
motioned for Kathryn to sit down in front of it.  In the middle
of the desk was a beautiful spread of food.

"I thought we'd work while we eat alright?"

Kathryn nodded.

"Good.  I have a number of questions to ask you.  They are very
personal in nature and will require you to answer completely
honestly.  Are you ready?"

Again Kathryn nodded her head.

"O.K.  Question number one: How old were you when you masturbated
for the first time?"

Kathryn blushed again.  "Thirteen.", she replied.

"Good, alright, number two: When you masturbate, do you insert
any objects into your vagina?"

"Yes...", said Kathryn.

The questions continued.  They seemed endless.  Kathryn found
herself describing in intimate detail what variations of love
making she had experienced and what she had ever fantasized
about.  Alexander asked her if she had ever had sex with another
woman? (No); Had she ever fantasized about it? (Yes);  Had she
ever had anal sex? (No); Had she ever pushed anything in there
when masturbating? (No); Had she ever fantasized about it? (Yes)
The questions went on for about an hour.

Finally it was over.  In the middle of the questioning, the phone
had rung and Alexander had answered.  Now he told her that the
physician had certified her as having a clean bill of health.

"The contract is here and ready for you to sign.", he told her.

Kathryn took a deep breath and started to read.  The contract was
remarkably simple, using a minimum of legalese and was very
direct in its approach.  It was as Alexander had described.
Essentially, Kathryn was placing herself in this man's care for
one full year and in return was entitled to the quarter of a
million dollars.  The contract promised that she would complete
the contract without sustaining any permanent damage or injury.
Kathryn picked up the pen and held it to the paper.  She
hesitated a long moment then in a firm stroke, signed the two
copies of the contract.  Alexander smiled at her as he handed her
the second copy and a thick envelope.

"I will be sending you your next instructions by courrier.", he
said.  "They will contain your airline ticket.

In the meantime, I recommend that you start organizing your life
to be away from here for a year."  Kathryn seemed in a daze when
she left the building.  Not for the last time, she wondered if
she had made the right choice.


Chapter 2: Monday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The month passed incredibly quickly.  Now here she was in a plane
headed to Greece.  The instructions she had received had been
surprisingly brief.  She was to pack a bag only with toiletries.
All of the clothing she would require would be provided for.
'That's probably not much at all.', Kathryn guessed.  The package
had contained a pair of shoes and a pale yellow sundress.  This
was all that she was to wear.  The message specifically stated
that she was not to wear a bra, panties or stockings of any kind
but that she was to be completely nude under the dress.

Kathryn had felt all day as though everyone who looked at her
could see right through the thin cotton fabric of her dress.
Despite her embarrassment, she seemed to be in a constant state
of arousal.  The message had also specifically forbidden her to
stimulate herself sexually by touching or masturbating herself.

By the time the plane landed, Kathryn was hot and wet.  Her dark
nipples had been sticking forward into the thin yellow cotton all
day and they were quite visible to anyone who looked directly at
them.  At the Athens airport, Kathryn was relieved to find
Alexander waiting for her.

"You look perfect Kathryn.", he told her, "You'll be going by
private aircraft from here."
 Alexander led her to the private terminal section of the airport
and helped her board an amphibious plane that was capable of
landing either on land or in the water.

"This plan will take you directly to the island.", he told her.
"It is about a thirty minute flight.  When you arrive, you will
be told what to do.  Your contract has started Kathryn.  If you
don't obey them, when you arrive, they will make you."

Kathryn felt a shiver run down her spine.  She was committed.

"I'm ready.", she said.

Alexander smiled as the hatch closed and the plane taxied toward
the runway.  The flight was beautiful allowing Kathryn to get a
good look at some of the Greek islands and the crystal blue
Mediterranean.  The flight was not long and soon Kathryn was
looking out her window at the island where her employer was
waiting for her.  The island itself was beautiful.  Rocky and
wild as are most Greek Islands, this was a jewel rising up from
the deep blue of the Mediterranean.  Kathryn caught a glimpse of
a perfect beach of pure white sand with several people either
sunning themselves or playing in the water.  'He must have had
the sand flown in.', wondered Kathryn, knowing that rocky beaches
are much more common than sandy ones in Greece.

A moment later, the pilot banked the plane sharply and then
settled it onto the water.  Kathryn's heart started to pound as
the plane pulled closer and closer to the dock.  Kathryn watched
as a beautiful, tall blond woman descended the stone steps to the
dock flanked by two large tanned men.  The men helped to tie up
the plane to the dock and then helped Kathryn out of the plane
and onto land once again.  Kathryn was acutely aware of her lack
of undergarments as she stepped out of the plane.  She reached
down to demurely keep her dress from flying up in the light sea
breeze.  She needn't have bothered.

"Good Morning Kathryn.", said the woman, "Please remove your
dress."

Kathryn looked up in shock.  Besides the woman there were the two
men and the pilot watching her expectantly.

"Do not delay Miss Duel." said the woman sharply.  "If you do not
do it yourself, you will have it done for you by these men."

The blush hit Kathryn's face like a house on fire.  Suddenly the
enormity of what she had undertaken occurred to her.  The woman's
authoritative voice had Kathryn reaching for the tie at the back
of her neck before she could really think about it.  The two men
looked on expectantly and Kathryn's hands faltered.  Her mind
told them to undo the dress and let it fall to her feet but they
would not obey.  She felt herself trembling.  'This is silly',
she thought to herself.  'It's no worse than nude sunbathing and
I've done that plenty.'  Still her hands refused to open the
dress.

"Kathryn!", said the woman and for a moment, Kathryn was shocked
out of her reverie.

Slowly Kathryn pulled at the bow that held the thin straps to the
dress and then with one more moment's delay as though savoring
the last moment of her modesty, she let go of the straps and felt
the thin cotton sundress slide over her breasts and down her back
and thighs to settle in a heap at her ankles.  This left her
wearing only her sandles  The two men seemed to enjoy her new
attire immensely.  The woman smiled as she looked Kathryn up and
down.

"Yes, very nice.", she said quietly.  "Alright, bring her up to
the house."

The two men each took an arm and gently but quickly they escorted
the young woman up the stone stairs from the dock to the large
villa above.  The woman ahead of them kept up a brisk pace and
Kathryn almost forgot that she was the only naked person in the
group until they reached the top of the stairs.  To Kathryn's
shock, there were a group of people sunning beside the pool as
they arrived.  Everyone stopped as the entourage of the woman,
the two men and, of course, Kathryn walked straight through them
toward the veranda.  Kathryn felt her blush cover her face and
move down across her chest to leave even the tops of her breasts
tinged pink.

Everyone, both men and women, seemed to be inspecting her and
Kathryn was helpless to prevent it.  As they approached the
veranda, Kathryn looked around.  She was on a patio that was
partly covered with solid beams.  There was no roof as such, the
beams seemed more for decoration.  The woman came to an abrupt
halt and turned around.  Kathryn looked down and saw that she was
now holding a silk scarf.  She smiled slightly as she approached
Kathryn with the scarf.  A moment later, Kathryn felt the black
silk cover her eyes and then reach around to be tied in back.  It
was the last of the clear blue Mediterranean she would see for a
while.

Soft leather cuffs were attached to her ankles and wrists and
then adjusted so that they were snug but not so tight as to
inhibit circulation.  Kathryn felt her hands being attached above
her head.  The soft leather cuffs were attached to a rope that
was then pulled upwards until Kathryn's arms were stretched
toward the beam above her.  Other ropes were attached to
Kathryn's ankle cuffs and these were pulled wide apart to stretch
her legs open.  One of the large men moved behind Kathryn and
held her hips still as the woman sat on a small stool in front of
the submissive girl.  Kathryn felt the woman's fingers touch
lightly at her pubis and then heard the sound of scissors cutting
away at her curly brown pubic hair.

As Kathryn realized what was happening to her, her face took on a
deep blush again.  The sound of the various guests speaking to
each other about her, didn't help the blush disappear.  Kathryn
was surprised to find herself getting more and more turned on.
When the woman abandoned the scissors for the shaving creme,
Kathryn gasped despite herself.  The woman was slow and
methodical, making sure that every last hair was removed.  She
even had one of the men hold the pretty girl's buttock open so as
to catch the tiny hairs hidden there .  Kathryn had never felt
more exposed.  The woman made sure that her fingers had plenty of
opportunity to rub against the helpless woman's clitoris.
Kathryn got steadily wetter and wetter as teh woman's nimble
fingers stretched her sensitive inner pussy lips out for their
shaving.  Finally the last of the shaving creme was removed with
a cloth and Kathryn felt warm oil being rubbed into her now bare
pubis.  Now the woman reached for a container of rouge and
Kathryn suffered the indignity of having her nipples and inner
pussy lips rouged by the elder woman.

Despite herself, Kathryn found her nipples swelling until they
were rock hard.  She found herself moaning softly as the gentle
sea breeze wafted across her stretched out body.  'What will
happen next?', she wondered.  She did not have to wait long.  The
man behind her now let go of her hips and, at the woman's
instructions, moved around to Kathryn's front.  Kathryn felt her
naked breasts press into his warm chest as he stepped right up to
her.  He shifted slightly and Kathryn felt his bulge press into
her thighs beneath the thin covering of his bathing suit.  'God
he's hard!', thought Kathryn.  Thinking of his excitement made
her even more hot.  She felt her juices soaking her now bare
pussy lips.

"Hold her open for me.", said the woman and Kathryn felt the man
reach his hands around her to grasp her buttocks in his hands.

'Oh no!', thought the young girl as he pulled them apart firmly
to reveal her most intimate opening for the woman's inspection.
Kathryn had always felt that her bottom and her anus were hers
and hers alone.  She had always resisted her boyfriends' attempts
to play with her there and now, she realized, she had no say over
what parts of her body were to be touched or stimulated.
'Certainly now they could do anything to her.', she thought.
'They could even fuck me in the ass!'.  This was something that
Kathryn was sure she would never engage in.  Kathryn whimpered
quietly as the woman gently slid a long, slim finger, now covered
with oil, deep into Kathryn's bottom.  The finger moved slowly in
and out allowing it almost to come out before plunging into her
deeply again.  Kathryn found herself panting to the rythmn of the
finger in her behind as it opened her up.

As suddenly as it had started, the finger stopped and the woman
now pulled it all the way out.  Kathryn expected the man to let
go of her buttocks but despite her hopes, they were left held
open.  The thought of all the people standing behind her looking
at her bottom, now held wide apart made Kathryn embarrassed.  To
imagine them all looking at her tiny crinkled anus and the shiny
lubricant now covering it made her feel naughty, just like a
naughty girl.

Suddenly Kathryn felt a new sensation at her bottom.  The tip of
the anal plug was covered in warm oil also, but the plastic
sensation was unlike any Kathryn had ever experienced.  The woman
was slow but firm and, just like her finger, she started with
tiny strokes.  The tip of the plug parted her anus and Kathryn
gasped and tried to reach up on her toes to avoid it.  The man's
large hands kept Kathryn from closing herself to the intruder and
the woman slid the first inch into the tight opening.

This was the first thing Kathryn had ever had in her bottom other
than a finger and even that was very rare.  The plug slid out
again and the woman pushed it into the tight bottom firmly,
letting it slide perhaps another inch into the girl's body.
Kathryn had no idea what was being forced into her but it was
obviously getting thicker.  The third push brought the thickest
part of the plug into Kathryn's sphincter and the woman carefully
held it there, leaving Kathryn's bottom stretched wide open on
the unyielding plastic intruder.  Finally, the woman pushed
slightly letting Kathryn's bottom muscle pull the plug into her
until it was logded firmly into her.  The end of the plug was as
tapered as the tip and this left the thickest part of the plug
deep in her body.  The "T" shaped handle kept the plug from
disappearing inside of her and this left Kathryn's bottom held
open on the thin but hard plastic end of the device.

Kathryn had never felt such sensations in her life!  The idea of
anal sex had always been repulsive to her but now the anal plug
was delivering excitement to her entire body.  The man in front
of her finally let go of her buttocks and let them close on the
plastic intruder left sticking from her.

"Do you know that you'll be punished while you're here Kathryn?",
asked the woman.

Kathryn nodded her head, "I thought as much."

"Very well.", said the woman, "I'll be giving you your first
spanking right here on the veranda".

The sound of a thin leather paddle rushing through the air came
to Kathryn's ears and was immediately followed by a hot burning
sensation across Kathryn's buttocks.  The paddle landed again
this time on Kathryn's right buttock.  The woman alternated from
left to right and then up and down the smooth skin of the young
girl until Kathryn was gasping at every stroke.  The spanking was
not severe but Kathryn's buttocks were certainly hot and red when
it was done.

Kathryn couldn't remember the last time she had been spanked.
Certainly, she had been no older than ten or twelve and she had
NEVER been paddled!  This was totally outside of her experience.
As soon as the spanking stopped, the hot burning sensation in her
bottom became a warm glow all over.  To Kathryn's shock, her
pussy was now hotter and wetter than ever.  Instead of turning
her off as she had expected, the woman's punishment had excited
her even further.

The woman now left Kathryn alone for a few minutes.  The
sensations that were travelling through the young woman's body
and the thoughts that were now racing through her head were
unlike anything Kathryn had ever experienced.  She had expected
to be tied up and forced to have sex with her "Master".  Also,
perhaps, to be spanked but nothing at all like this.

Kathryn listened to the sounds of the other people on the veranda
as they chatted to one another.  Her buttocks were no longer
painful, just hot.  The thing that was so unusual was the plastic
plug still inserted in her bottom.  Kathryn wondered how long it
would remain there.  She thought for a moment what she must look
like to these spectators.  Here she was, completely naked and
bound with her hands above her head, just as though she was some
sacrificial offering to the gods.  Her pubis had just been shaved
completely bare and her puffed out pussy lips were wet with her
own juices.  Her bottom was red and hot from the paddling she had
just endured and sticking between her buttocks for anyone to see
was the "T" shaped handle of the plug that was buried deep in her
rear.  'Quite a spectacle', she thought.

After a few minutes, Kathryn heard the approach of footsteps
again and she tensed up involuntarily as she awaited whatever
they had in store for her next.  A firm hand grasped the tip of
the anal plug and pulled it gently from her.  Kathryns' toes
curled at the sensation.  As the plug slipped from her anus, she
felt strangely empty.  She need not have worried, the tip of
another plastic object touched her still slippery anus and began
to press into her.  This plug was almost the same size, but
seemed longer to Kathryn as it forced its way deep into her.
Kathryn heard herself wimpering with excitement as it was
inserted.  The plug was twisted slowly and pushed and pulled as
it was adjusted and Kathryn got more and more excited.

Suddenly a hum from the plug and a low level vibration had
Kathryn cry out in surprise.  It was as though the rectal
intruder was alive!  The vibration from it seemed to travel right
through Kathryn's body and she pulled frantically at her bonds as
she tried to release herself.  Kathryn was sure she was going to
explode.  All the stimulation and excitement of the day was too
much.  To add to her pleasure, first one mouth then ANOTHER
descended to her long thick nipples and began to suck and lick
them.  Kathryn tossed her head from side to side and begged them
to let her come.  Gentle fingers released the blindfold and
pulled it from her.  Kathryn didn't care.  The relentless
vibrating deep in her sensitive ass and the long, hot tongues of
what turned out to be the two men who had escorted her were
driving her crazy.

Just as she was sure she was about to come, everything stopped.

There was NOTHING.

The vibrator stopped, the men paused their action, leaving
Kathryn gasping for breath.  The woman came up to her face and
stroked her face.

"Please...", begged Kathryn.

The woman smiled.  "You will do very well here.", she said.  "In
a moment, I will grant you the release you are looking for.
Would you like that?"

Kathryn nodded her head, "Oh yes!"

"Very well", said the woman, "You will be spanked while you
come."

The woman moved aside and a beautiful young girl perhaps sixteen
or seventeen years old walked up to the bound woman.  Kathryn
looked up and saw that she too was completely naked.  The girl
knelt down at Kathryn's feet as the men bent again to her
oversensitive nipples.  Kathryn felt the young girl's fingers
reach between her legs to turn on the vibrating plug in her rear.
As the hum started again, Kathryn threw her head back.  The hot
tongue of the young girl as it touched Kathryn's clitoris was a
total shock.  'But that's a girl!', thought Kathryn for a moment.
By this time, she really couldn' t have cared less.

The girl was an expert and Kathryn was sure she would go out of
her mind as the tip of her tongue discovered all her secret
pleasure points.  Kathryn's breaths were now short gasps as she
began to peak in the most incredible orgasm of her life.  It
seemed to start deep in her belly, then travel out to her
fingertips and then rush back down to her pussy.  The sudden
sharp stings of the paddle on her buttocks only served to drive
Kathryn higher and she began crying out as she came over and over
and over.  Kathryn felt herself being totally consumed by the
sensation.  When it was finally over, Kathryn was spent, hanging
limply in her bonds, too exhausted to even be able to lift her
head.

When she had calmed down, Kathryn looked up to see the various
guests who had enjoyed this afternoon's entertainment.  One of
the men, a tall, handsome man with dark hair and a great tan
stood up and walked over to her.  'He has the bluest eyes I've
ever seen', thought Kathryn as he approached.

"Hello Kathryn.", he smiled.  I am your Master for the next
twelve months.  I think we're both going to enjoy it".

Kathryn smiled and nodded her head.  In front of this man she
seemed safe and secure.  The woman approached again and gently
removed Kathryn from her bonds.

"I'm Natalia.", she said.  "You can call me Nat.  I'm the person
you're replacing.  My year long contract here is just about
finished."

Nat helped Kathryn walk on her shaky legs around the side of the
veranda and into the villa.  She led the young woman into a large
bedroom in the back of the main floor.

"This is to be your room.", she said, "Well, we'll be sharing it
for a week or so while I'm still here.  It's my job to train
you."

Kathryn looked around the room as Nat shrugged off her light
sundress.  The room was dominated by a huge bed and walk in
closet.  Off to the side of the room the wall to wall carpet was
replace by a tiled floor.  To Kathryn's surprise, she realized
that this was a shower area.  Nat walked over and turned on the
shower, pulling Kathryn along with her.  Under the warm spray,
Nat and Kathryn relaxed.  Kathryn let Nat scrub her back and then
returned the favor.  When Kathryn was finally out of the shower,
she began to realize just how tired she was.

Natalia led her over to the bed and playfully pushed her
backward.  "Go ahead.", she said, "I'm sure you could use a nap.


Don't worry, I'll wake you up in time for supper.  You're in for
an interesting evening after supper, so I'd take advantage now to
sleep."

At Nat's last comment Kathryn felt her heart pound.  'I wonder
what else is in store for me', she wondered as she drifted off
into a dreamless sleep.


Chapter 3: Monday Evening
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kathryn awoke to the sensation of her blindfold being attached.

"Hey!", she said and reached up to remove the silk blindfold.

Her hands were held down fimrly.  Kathryn was still completely
naked since her shower and her afternoon nap.  Even more naked
than she ever had been before given that her pubis was now shaved
smooth.  The blindfold was quickly fastened and then Kathryn's
hands were cuffed behind her back.  Kathryn had not been allowed
to remove either the ankle or wrist cuffs since they had been put
on that afternoon.

The strong hands holding her now pulled her to her feet and
marched her out of the room.  Kathryn heard the noise of the
people in the large room as she approached.  Despite the fact
that she had been completely exposed to a group of people that
afternoon, these people probably, she was still very embarrassed
and she felt a hot blush hit her face and move downward past her
neck to the top of her chest.  Kathryn was pulled forward
relentlessly until she felt a cool leather piece of furniture
touching her belly.  'The back of a sofa?', she guessed.

Her hands were detached and then pulled forward, bending Kathryn
over the back of the object.  She was thus pulled stretched out
over what was, in fact, a vault, just like the "horse", that she
had jumped over in gym class in grade school.  Kathryn's hands
were attached to the far end of the horse and she felt the cool
leather press against her naked breasts and belly.  Strong hands
grasped her ankles and pulled them slightly forward and wide
apart so that her knees were somewhat bent and spread open.
Kathryn felt the cool evening air as it touched her now open
pussy lips.  The hands stroked up her thighs gently, stopping
just short of the lips that had already started to swell out.

Kathryn was left in this undignifying but not uncomfortable
position for several minutes as the group continued to chat.
Every once in a while, Kathryn would feel someone's hand trail
casually over her body, sometimes over her long smooth back,
sometimes down her buttock and thigh, several times, tips of
fingers tickled down the crack between her spread open buttocks
and along her now wet pussy lips.

After some time, Kathryn sensed someone standing behind her.
Natalia was standing right between the pretty girl's legs.  She
reached down and gently rested one hand on each buttock.  With
her thumbs in the middle, Nat pressed the buttocks wide apart,
exposing the tight brown anus for everyone to see.  Kathryn had
never been so exposed and blushed again.

Reaching down to a jar of creme, Nat gently inserted the tip of
one finger into Kathryn's tight anus.  She held just the tip of
the finger there, not moving, letting Kathryn wait, anxiously,
wondering when and how she would be further penetrated.  Then she
started to pull her finger out, a millimeter at a time.  Nat
smiled as Kathryn's anus clenched, trying instinctively to hold
the intruding finger within her.  Just as her long slender finger
pulled clear of the pink opening, Nat pushed it back in.  This
time, she pushed firmly and her finger slid deep into the young
girl until it could go no further.

Kathryn gasped and pulled at her bonds as the finger opened her
up.  Nat pulled the finger from her slowly and then slid it again
deep into the girl's hot rear opening.  The lubrication of
Kathryn's tight bottom continued for several minutes until just
the touch of Nat's finger at Kathryn's anus caused her to gasp.

Kathryn felt two large hands, one on each cheek, hold her bottom
wide apart.  She tensed her arms and legs, wondering what would
come next.  The feeling of a plastic plug was no surprise and
after Nat's slow and thorough lubrication, the insertion was not
painful at all.  In fact, Kathryn was so turned on that the anal
plug was simply another stimulant.  This plug didn't seem the
same to Kathryn as the one she had felt earlier in the day.  This
one seemed much longer and more flexible.  The plug seated in her
bottom much the same as the last one.  It had a thicker bulge
which she felt stretching her anus before it passed within her
leaving the thinner section holding her sphincter open.

The large hands let go and the pretty young girl was left like
that for a minute or two.  'What must I look like?', she wondered
and the thought of her body, so exposed in this position with a
plug sticking from her rectum turned her on even more.

Kathryn felt Nat moving around behind her, adjusting and
preparing for something.  Every moment that she waited made
Kathryn hotter and wetter.  Suddenly the plug within her seemed
to come alive!  Kathryn heard a pumping  sound that reminder her
of when the doctor took her blood pressure.  At the same time,
the plug in her bottom seemed to grow larger and larger until
Kathryn was filled tightly.  Now even if she tried, she couldn't
push out the anal plug.

From behind her Nat checked that the outside bulb of the plug was
inflated tightly.  She knew that the bulb inside Kathryn's bottom
was equally inflated.  The plug was now shaped like a barbell
with one bar firmly lodged inside so the plug would not come out
and the other firmly seated outside so the plug could not be
pulled in.  Kathryn was breathing in short shallow breaths and
each time Nat touched or moved the now large rectal plug, she
whimpered.  The sensation was certainly not painful but she had
never felt so full.  Kathryn heard Nat walk away and for several
minutes she was simply left there, her bound and widely stretched
body impaled on the strange plug.

Slowly Kathryn's heart and breathing slowed down as she calmed
somewhat.  The sound of water gurgling behind her was subtle at
first and for a moment or two Kathryn wondered what it was.
Suddenly, the sensation deep in her belly confirmed her worst
fears.  The water behind her was rushing directly into her!  The
plug in her bottom was attached to a long rubber tube the end of
which was carefully fastened to a large enema bag.  The cool
water was quickly rushing into Kathryn's bowels in the first
enema of her life and there was nothing she could do about it!
Desperately she tugged at her bonds.  Her captors watched as
Kathryn's toes curled as she tried to avoid the intimate
sensation.  The enema bag emptied in a couple of minutes and Nat
approached to remove the tube.  The plug that was in
Kathryn's bottom would prevent the water from escaping
prematurely.

Kathryn was mortified.  The sensation of being filled by the plug
had been embarrasing enough but now a whole audience had watched
her receive an enema.  The thought of it was completely
humiliating and yet despite herself, Kathryn had never been more
turned on.  Her pussy was, she knew, dripping wet and as she
realized that, she also realized that given her position,
everyone could see that too.  The touch at her soaking pussy was
almost a relief and Kathryn moaned as the gentle fingers slid
deep into her.  They slid out and then Kathryn felt the the tip
of a cock touch her sensitive pussy lips.

"Oh God!", gasped Kathryn as the long organ slid slowly but
firmly all the way into her slit.

Kathryn's filled belly, anus and now pussy was too much for her
and as the strange penis began to slide in and out, her orgasm
built higher and higher.  This one seemed even more intense than
the last as Kathryn cried out again and again.  As the man behind
her thrust deeply into her, Kathryn heard him first grunt then
cry out himself as he began shooting his come deep in her pussy.
The sound of the man behind her set Kathryn off again and she
came and came and came until she she was exhausted.

Nat and one of the men finally untied Kathryn and helped her off
the vault and onto her feet.  With all the water still trapped
deep in her bowels, Kathryn could barely walk and needed help to
get from the room back to the washroom at her bedroom.  Gently,
Nat removed Kathryn's blindfold and then, as Kathryn sat on the
toilet, undid the valve on the strange plug that was still lodged
deep in her and pulled it from her body.

When the enema had been released Nat came back in to find Kathryn
asleep, her chin on her chest, still sitting on the toilet.  Nat
chuckled as she roused the young girl.
"Come on, shower time first, then you can sleep."

Nat helped Kathryn to her feet and pulled her into the shower.
With Nat's help, the two of them were soon clean, dried and ready
for bed.  Nat turned down the covers and let Kathryn finally lie
down.  Then, walking to the other side, she got into the bed
herself.

"Quite a first day, huh?", she said to Kathryn.

"Mmmmm", said Kathryn, as she fell into a well deserved sleep.


Chapter 4: Tuesday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kathryn woke up to the sounds of the waves crashing against the
shore as a gentle sea breeze wafted across her naked body.
'MMmmmmm', she thought, 'What a way to start the day'.  Nat was
already out of bed and Kathryn seemed left to her own devices.
She got up and found some fruit on the table for breakfast along
with a note from Nat.

"Kathryn, enjoy the fruit for breakfast then come down the walk
to the beach for a swim.  Don't bother looking for any clothes.
You won't find any and you're not expected to wear any."

Kathryn chuckled to herself and then started in on one of the
grapefruits.  A few minutes later, she was washed, fed and ready
to go down to the beach.  She felt embarrassed to simply walk out
of her room completely naked and she opened the door tentatively
looking around the corner of it to make sure no one was watching.
It was one thing to skinny dip nude and despite the fact that she
had literally been stripped and displayed in public the day
before, she was still shy to be walking around naked.  Luckily
the house seemed deserted and Kathryn quietly slipped out the
door and headed down the stairs toward the water.

As she got closer, she began to hear the sounds of several people
obviously having a great time.  Kathryn descended to the rocky
beach and found several pretty women in the warm blue waters of
the Mediterranean splashing and laughing at each other.  Nat was
one of them.

"Come on in Kathryn", she shouted, "The water's wonderful!"

Kathryn didn't have to be invited twice she ran into the gentle
waves and soon was splashing and dunking the others with gusto.
When everyone was tired of splashing, they all headed up onto the
beach to sunbathe.  Nat introduced the three other girls two of
whom were about Kathryn's age.  Sally, Barbara and Andrea were
all beautiful and, like Nat and now Kathryn, they were both naked
and completely shaved.

Sally was the younger girl that had helped with Kathryn the day
before.  Kathryn found out that she was not sixteen as she had
thought but was in fact almost twenty.  The women all lay down on
beach chairs to soak up the sun.  Kathryn was amazed.  This was
not what she had been expecting at all and said so.  Barbara
chuckled.

"None of us expected it but when you think for a moment, it makes
perfect sense.  After all, you can't expect to spend all day,
every day, twelve months of the year engaged in kinky sex.  We
get lots of opportunity to relax and enjoy ourselves."

Andrea explained that the year of Kathryn's contract would
include plenty of time where she was being 'trained' but would
also include time for relaxation and private time.  Kathryn
discovered that two of the three girls still had several months
to go on their one year contracts and Barbara had, in fact,
finished her contract four months ago but so enjoyed the
lifestyle that she had stayed on.

Some of the time, Sally said, would be very much like the day
before had been where Kathryn was being trained in being
submissive and would be subjected to a number of different
stimuli.  At the word stimuli, the other three girls laughed.
Other times, Kathryn would be being trained in being the one in
charge as Nat had been yesterday.  Kathryn's eyebrows raised at
this.  The thought of being dominant as Natalie had been
yesterday with one of these young girls obeying her every command
had not occured to her but as it did, she began getting wet
almost instantly.

Kathryn's long nipples gave her away to the other girls as they
immediately got hard.

"You like that idea do you?", laughed Natalie.

Kathryn tried to find out what else was in store for her this
first week but the girls wouldn't tell her anything.

"It's better for you if you find out as it happens.", said
Andrea, "Besides, it's more fun that way."

After a couple of hours of getting brown and wet, the other girls
told Kathryn it was time to head back up the cliff to the villa.
Gathering their sun tan lotion and their towels, the five
beautiful women made their way up the stairs.  As Kathryn was
about to head into her bedroom, Barbara touched her arm.

"Your next session will be starting in 30 minutes.", she said,
"Get cleaned up and wait in your room."

Kathryn's heart started to race and she turned to ask Barbara
what was next but the other woman had already moved on toward her
room.

Thirty minutes later, Kathryn was sitting nervously on the edge
of her bed when Barbara entered the room.  Barbara was a medium
build blond that had the cutest features Kathryn had ever seen.
She embodied the expression, "The Girl Next Door" and always
reminded Kathryn of a pixie.  Unlike a pixie though, the Barbara
who entered Kathryn's room had an expression that brooked no
argument.

"Stand up." she said and before she even thought about it,
Kathryn was on her feet.  "Turn around."

Kathryn turned and Barbara quickly attached a blindfold to her.
Kathryn's hands were attached behind her back and then Barbara
pushed her forward until she was bent over with her head touching
the bed.

"Stay like that.", she was told and Kathryn did so, getting
steadily more and more excited.

Behind her she heard Barbara moving around the room.  A moment
later she was back and Kathryn felt the cool sensation of a
lubricated finger pushing at her rear entrance.  She moaned as
Barbara slid a finger firmly into her until it was deep in her
body.  The finger slid out and then back in, covered with yet
more lubricant.  Barbara seemed in no hurry and the preparation
of Kathryn's anus took several minutes during which her naked
pussy lips became slick with her juices and her breathing became
steadily quicker and shallower.

The tip of the rectal plug that touched Kathryn's anus was no
surprise and Barbara gently teased it in and out before finally
sliding the large ridge past her sphincter and seating the
plastic object firmly in her rectum.  Kathryn gasped as Barbara
twisted the plug slowly while it was deep in her.

"Alright, stand up." she said and Kathryn slowly got to her feet.


Barbara led the blindfolded girl slowly out of her bedroom and
out to the veranda.  As she moved out of the house, Kathryn felt
a second hand on her right hand side.  "Mmmmm, very nice.", said
Andrea.  The two women maneuvered Kathryn into position.
Katheryn felt her already hard nipples grasped by the fingers of
one of the women.

"Wonderful nipples", said Barbara.

The long brown nips were pulled out further and further, first
softly stroked then pulled hard and then stroked again until they
were fully extended and rock hard.  Next a hot tongue licked at
her left nipple, then a moment later, it was joined by another
mouth at her right breast. Kathryn couldn't help but gasp as the
treatment of her nipples continued.  One of the women then held
her left breast up, thus presenting the nipple out and Katheryn
felt the pinch of some kind of metal clip as it was fastened onto
the nipple.  She moaned as the clip squeezed the sensitive
nubbin.  The right nipple was next and as soon as it was
similarly trapped, Kathryn felt a small chain hanging from the
clips of each nipple.

Kathryn was pushed forward until her pubis was resting against
what felt like the back of a leather couch.  Her hands were
unfastened and brought in front of her.  She was told to stand
still as other straps were attached to her ankles.  Kathryn
waited as as she did, the anticipation of the unknown got her
steadily more and more excited.  Now ropes attached to her wrist
straps began to pull her forward across the leather covered piece
of furniture and Katheryn felt herself being bent over by
pressure.  She gave into it and let herself be pulled out
forward.  Just as she was sure she was about to lose her balance,
ropes attached to her legs began to pull backward and lift up
until she was suspended by the ropes with only her belly what was
now obviously a  leather bolster.

The ropes now began to spread apart until Kathryn was completely
spread eagle, face down with her weight supported at her belly by
the comfortable furniture and her arms and legs attached to beams
in four corners so that her arms and legs were suspended in the
air about three feet from the ground.  In this position,
Kathryn's rear was spread open and exposed and her breasts with
the strange clips still attached suspended from her body and
hanging straight down.  The thin chains from the nipple clips
were now attached below the girl to small rings in the floor so
that Kathryn's breasts were pulled even more pronouncedly toward
the ground.  Her nipples were now under constant stimulation.

Kathryn was left like this for several minutes wondering what
would come next when she heard the voice of her Master next to
her say, "Warm her bottom up first."

A moment later, there was a searing smack on Kathryn's left
buttock.  Before she even had a chance to cry out, there was a
second smack on her right buttock.  The leather covered paddle
continued to fall, alternating left and right until Kathryn felt
like her bottom was on fire.  As suddenly as it had started, the
spanking stopped, leaving the young girl gasping for breath.  The
pain in her bottom settled into a deep heat which seemed to go
from her buttocks directly to her pussy.  To Kathryn's surprise,
her pussy was dripping.

Kathryn felt the large cool hands of her master feeling the heat
in her buttocks.  He reached down and cupped her pussy from
behind feeling the wet and the heat there also.

He chuckled at the discovery, "Yes, I think she's ready now."

Kathryn blushed, embarrassed that the spanking had turned her on.

Now Kathryn felt the gentle hands of Barbara and Andrea moving
her.  First the chains were removed from the nipple clips,
releasing her breasts, then her bonds were changed and she felt
her hands being pulled tight up over her head to the ceiling.  To
her relief, the plastic plug in her rear was removed.   She felt
someone touching her nipple clips and when they were done, she
could feel a string or cord hanging from them.  Once they were
finished with her breasts, the hands moved downward attaching
similar metalic clips to the sensitive inner lips of her pussy
which were now soaking wet with her own juices.  The clips were
also attached to cords of some kind as they pulled her pink inner
lips gently out and apart.

A cool object was now inserted into her pussy.  Kathryn felt the
object was much like her anal plug as it seemed to get first
wider then narrower and had a "T" of some kind to prevent its
disapearance into her body.  Finally the cool sensation of a
lubricating finger touched her tight anus to prepare the tight
orifice again.  Kathryn raised up on her toes as the finger went
particularly deep.  She could never seem to get used to the
penetration of her rear.  The cool touch of a metalic object at
her anus was next.  The gentle finger of the woman pressed
insistently at the metallic "egg" until Kathryn's sphincter
relaxed to accept the intruder.

Kathryn felt yet another cord being attached to the rectal
object.  Now the same hands which had touched her so intimately
reached up to undo her blindfold.  Kathryn opened her eyes to see
her Master sitting comfortably in front of her.  He was sitting
at a small table on which was positioned a control box of some
kind.  It reminded Kathryn of of a Mixer for music.  He looked up
at Kathryn and smiled.

"Well Kathryn, I suppose you're wondering what's in store for you
today.  You're currently attached to a number of items each of
which is attached to or inserted into an intimate part of your
anatomy.  Andrea is shortly going to continue your spanking.
I'll be training you in enjoying it.  Each of the metallic
objects in or on your body is attached to this control box you
see here.  By turning any of these knobs, I can send an
electrical current to that object.  The current can vary anywhere
from a pleasurable tingle to a painful jolt."

Kathryn was breathing heavily now her eyes were open wide.  She
was more than a little scared.  Her Master reached over to the
panel.

"This is what a strong jolt feels like.", he said and turned one
of the knobs.

Suddenly the metallic plug in Kathryn's pussy let out a large
shock.  To Kathryn it felt like a riding crop had just been
whipped right into her pussy.  She let out a short scream.  The
jolt was over before she knew it but it was painful.  Kathryn was
now very scared as she lay trembling in her bonds.

Her Master smiled at her, "Yes, as a punishment tool it can be
very effective.  Fortunately, that's not the purpose today.  This
is what a tingle feels like."

He reached over to the control panel again and Kathryn refexively
clenched her entire body.  Suddenly a little tickle started in
her left nipple.  It was like a hundred goldfish had started
nibbling there all at once.  Now her right nipple felt the same.
Kathryn felt an irresistable urge to touch her breasts, she
pulled despereately at her bonds as the tickle continued and now
moved from her sensitive nipples to her more sensitive pussy
lips.  The sensation was, at once, delicious and unbearable.  The
tickle moved now to the eggs in both her pussy and rectum at
once.   It was as though these objects were alive!

Kathryn squirmed and squealed as it went on.  Suddenly the
sensations stopped leaving Kathryn hanging weakly from her bonds
and virtually on the verge of an orgasm.

Her Master chuckled at her, "Good, now we're ready to begin."

Kathryn heard the strap an instant before she felt it strike her
already sensitive bottom.  Ksat as the heat of the strap seared a
stripe across her round buttocks, Kathryn felt that irresistable
tingle deep in her rectum.  The conflicting sensations had
Kathryn unsure whether to cry out from pleasure or pain.  The
next smack was accompanied by electric tingles to her large,
oversensitive nipples.

For the next half-hour, Kathryn's Master and Andrea played her
like a finely-tuned instrument.  Finally Kathryn saw her Master
nod to Andrea.  At the same moment she felt all of the electrodes
tingle at once.  Desperately, Kathryn pulled at the straps
fastening her as Andrea gave her four sharp spanks with the
leather strap.  The orgasm seemed to take over Kathryn's body.
She screamed at the sensation and then abandoned herself to it,
letting wave after wave of pleasure crash over her.

When finally it was over, she was left limp and exhausted,
hanging from the leather straps to the ceiling.  She barely felt
Andrea and Barbara gently removing the metallic clips and probes
which had given her so much pleasure.  Both women had to help her
to stand.  Kathryn felt like her legs were made of jelly.  When
she was finally back in her bed with Natalie and Andrea giving
her a sponge bath, she drifted off to sleep.  Her last coherent
thoughts before she closed her eyes was that sex would never be
the same again.


Chapter 5: Wednesday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
     Kathryn woke to another day of perfectly blue skies with the
sun streaming through her window.  The soft sounds of the waves
crashing on the shore nearby and the smell of the sea salt was
delicious.

"Mmmmm", she murmured as she stretched languorouslyon her bed.

"C'mon sleepy head.", said her roomate Natalie,

"Time to get up.  We're all going hiking across the island."

"Hiking?  You're kidding", said Kathryn.

"Uh Uh", said Nat shaking her head

"We do it all the time, just the girls.  There's a knapsack in
your closet.  I'll give you a hand packing the others are already
at breakfast."

Packing for this warm weather was quickly done and after a brief
shower, the two girls headed out to the veranda to join the
others for breakfast.  Kathryn discovered that Barbara was the
camping enthusiast who had turned the other girls onto the great
outdoors.  Today's trip was an overnight hike to the opposite end
of the island.  Kathryn found herself looking forward to the
day's activities.  This certainly wasn't what she had expected
when she had signed on for a year's sexual servitude to the
"Master" they all shared.

It wasn't long before the four girls had shouldered their packs
and headed out on the trail.  The scenery on the island was
spectacular and the girls stopped ofted to snap photos.  Despite
their frequent breaks they made good time and it was well before
dusk when they broke out of the woods to the edge of a cliff
overlooking the ocean on the far side of the island.  Barb took
out her binoculars and looked up and down the shore from this
vantage point.

"Come on,", she said, "I think I've found the perfect place."

Walking along the cliffs, the trail carried them lower and lower
until finally they walked between two huge rocks to find
themselves on a tiny isolated beach surrounded on two sides by
cliffs and behind them by a grassy knoll and then by the woods.

"At last!", said Nat as she dropped her pack and began sgedding
her clothes.

Within moments the other girls were following her example and in
a flash the four of them were splashing and swimming in the warm
ocean waters.  Kathryn felt a tingle between her legs as she
watched the naked bodies of the other girls in the water.  Each
of them was now tanned a deep brown.  There were no tan lines to
be found on any of them.  Kathryn's own nipples hardened as she
noticed Natalie's long brown nips sticking out.  'Boy, have I
changed.', thought Kathryn, 'Only a few weeks ago I would have
been disgusted at the thought of sex between women.  Now those
girls' bodies really turn me on.'

Finally, tired by their cavorting in the sea, the girls headed
back to the beach.

"I'll get supper ready.", said Andrea, "Give me a hand Kathryn?"


"Sure" said Kathryn.

The two girls dug into the packs for the cheese, cold cuts and
fruit they had brought from the villa.  Natalie started setting
up the tent that they'd all sleep in that night.  "I'm going to
do a little exploring before it gets dark.", said Barb.  She
grabbed a flashlight, just in case, and disappeared along the
trail into the woods.  The tent was up and ready and supper
mostly eaten before the girls began to wonder about Barb.  She
had been gone almost an hour and it was almost completely dark.

"Should we go looking for her?" asked Andrea, "I mean, I don't
want to be an alarmist but it's almost dark."

"Let's give it another half-hour.", said Kathryn, "She certainly
seems to know her way around."

Within a couple of minutes the fears of the three girls
dissipated as Barb appeared from the trail.  The girls crowded
around the younger Barb demanding to know where she'd been.
Barbara was very excited.

"You'll never belieive what I found!  It's perfect.  Come on, get
your flashlights".

The three girls scrambled for their knapsacks to get their own
flashlights and Barb put a few items in her day pack which she
threw over her shoulder.  It was about a 20 minute walk down the
dark trail and Kathryn found herself a little scared but very
excited as they continued.  Finally Barbara stopped.

"O.K.", she said, "Around this bend I found the ruins of an
ancient Greek temple.  You can imagine what kinds of ceremonies
and rituals when on here in those days.  We're going to re-enact
one of them."

Kathryn felt her heart pounding.  This was soooo exciting.  She
looked around and saw that this adventure was having the same
effect on everyone.

"First", giggled Barbara, "we'll need a sacrificial virgin.
Who'd like to volunteer?"

The 3 girls looked at each other nervously.

"O.K.", said Kathryn, "I'll do it."

"Great.", said Barb, "Get her undressed".

Kathryn let Natalie and Andrea pull her T-Shirt over her head to
expose her tight breasts.  Unbidden, her nipples crinkled and got
hard, sticking out their full 3/4 inch length.  Her shorts were
next.  Kathryn felt Andrea slide the tips of her fingers along
her shaved slit as her panties were pulled down and off.  With
the removal of her sneakers, Kathryn was left completely nude.
She felt oddly embarassed being the only naked girl in front of
the others.  Barbara reached into her pocket and pulled out a
sheet that she had probably planned to sleep in.  Using her camp
knife to make a slit, she held the makeshift poncho up and pulled
it over Kathryn's head.  Kathryn's hands were pulled up behind
her and attached with a short strap.

"Alright", said Barb, "It's time to escort the sacrificial virgin
to the altar".

Sally and Nat each took one of Kathryn's arms as they continued
down the trail.  Every time Kathryn moved or their was a slight
breeze, the sheet loosely covering the young girl would shift and
expose a wide expanse of flesh.  In many ways, thought Kathryn,
it was worse than being completely naked.

Kathryn felt herself getting more and more excited.  This idea of
being a sacrificial virgin had been a fantasy for her since she
was a little girl.  What unspeakable acts, she wondered, would be
performed on her when she was led helpless to the altar.  Just
the thought of it had Kathryn soaking wet.  The four girls
rounded the bend and suddenly stopped.  Before them was a scene
that looked magical.  The moonlight showed a clear view of
pillars and old stone in what looked like the ruins of an ancient
temple.

"Come on.", said Barbara with an excited gleam in her eye.

Kathryn's escorts led her slowly into the surreal site.

As the girls moved slowly between the fallen pillars and into the
center of the courtyard, Kathryn could see a large stone block in
the center of the square.  It looked just like the altar of
Kathryn's fantasies.  Barb climbed onto the huge rock and
motioned for the other three to follow her.  Andrea and Nat
helped Kathryn onto the stone altar.  A light breeze caught at
the edges of Kathryn's covering blowing it aside and exposing one
of her breasts as well as her wet pussy lips, shining in the
moonlight.

Kathryn was feeling very vulnerable at the moment.  It didn't
help when, a moment later, Barb turned to her and slowly, an inch
at a time, raised Kathryn's covering over her head leaving her
completely naked.  Barb dropped the sheet and placed her hands on
Kathryn's shoulders.  As Barb's big brown eyes looked steadily
into hers, Kathryn felt Barb's hands slide slowly down her chest
to rest lightly on her breasts.  Barb smiled slightly as she
grasped Kathryn's over-large nipples between thumb and forefinger
and squeezed them tightly.  Kathryn gasped and then, as Barb
lifted her breasts upward by the nipples, Kathryn raised up on
her tip-toes trying to relieve the sensitive flesh.

Barb finally let go of Kathryn's nipples.  Kathryn was relieved
and at the same time very aroused.  Her nipples were now sticking
straight out from her body.  Barb's hands slid lower and lower
across Kathryn's belly.  A moment later, Barb discovered
Kathyrn's arousal in the dewy moisture on her puffed out pussy
lips.  Barb's smile got wider as she felt Kathryn's wet pussy.
Kathryn couldn't help gasping again when Barb slid a finger deep
into Kathryn.

"Prepare the sacrifice" intoned Barbara.

Andrea and Natalie had been getting steadily more excited as they
watched Kathryn being aroused by Barb.  They needed no further
prompting to begin playing themselves.  Kathryn felt her hands
being untied from behind her.  Andrea and Nat gently pushed
Kathryn down onto her back on the altar.  The cold stone against
Kathryn's back made her even more aware of her nakedness.
Kathyrn lay passively as the other women tied her hands to the
head of the altar.  Straps around her thighs were attached to the
sides of the large stone pulling Kathryn's legs up and apart.

Tied helplessly like this, Kathryn imagined herself exposed
before hundreds of spectators who had come to the moonlit
ceremony to watch her deflowering on the stone altar.  She moaned
at the thought.  Kathyrn opened her eyes to see Natalie and
Andrea descending on her breasts.  The two girls began suckling
on Kathryn's long nipples simultaneously.  Barbara was kneeling
between Kathryn's spread legs.  Her hot tongue touched the tip of
the bound girl's clitoris and Kathryn arched her back at the
sensation.  As Barb's expert tongue and lips sucked Kathryn's
clit into her mouth, Kathryn felt the cool touch of lubricant on
a small object at her rear entrance.  Barb's tongue moving deep
in her pussy coincided with the insertion of the cool plastic
plug deep into her bottom.

Kathryn's toes curled as her helpless body was violated by the
plug.  The actions of her three friends now had Kathryn moaning
out loud.  Kathyrn felt Barb's tongue stop its licking.  She
looked down to see that Barbara had now put on a strap-on dildo.
The long thick phallus stuck out obscenely from her body.  The
two girls at her breasts reached down to hold her pussy lips wide
apart displaying the sensitive pink flesh of her inner lips to
the moonlight.  Kathryn closed her eyes and imagined the feelings
of a young virgin tied just as she was at the altar.  She
shivered as she imagined the crowd of spectators examining her
bound and exposed body.  As the tip of Barbara's artificial
phallus touched her pussy, Kathryn imagined it as the tip of the
large cock of the high priest performing the ceremony.  Kathryn
clenched her muscles in delight as Barbara leaned forward,
forcing the lips of her pussy wide apart to accommodate the
dildo.

Barbara was also experiencing pleasure since the device strapped
to her was double-ended.  Fully half of it was already inserted
deep in her own body.  Barb continued to press forward until she
felt the lips of her own shaved pussy rubbing against Kathryn's
soaking lips.  Now they were each impaled on the same device.
Andrea and Natalie hadn't stopped playing with her nipples and
this added to the excitement.  Kathryn felt Natalie get up and
she opened her eyes to see her moved behind Barbara who was
rhythmically back and forth, fucking Kathryn with the thick
dildo.

Kathryn watched Nat take a leather strap from Barb's bag and
swing it down with a sharp motion on Barb's buttocks.  Barb
gasped at the sharp smack and reflexively clenched her buttocks.
The motion drove the dildo sharply into Kathryn who moaned in
turn.  The strap fell again, harder this time, driving Barb again
into Kathryn.  Natalie started a slow rythmn on Barb's bottom,
knowing that each time she swung the leather strap, both women
would be forded onto the thick plastic dildo.

It was Barb who began to orgasm first.  Her breathing became
shorter and shorter and as it did, Natalie's strokes became
faster and faster.  Kathryn looked up to see Barb cry out as she
arched her back and pressed her pelvis forward, trying to get as
much of the dildo into her as possible.

Kathryn felt Barb's soaking pussy lips mash against her own as
the woman began coming.  It was too much.  Kathryn felt her
orgasm start deep in her belly, move out to her extremities and
then roll back in wave after wave.  As if in a distance, she
heard herself cry out again and again.  She felt herself pulling
desperately at the straps holding her knees wide apart and at the
ropes holding her wrists above her.  Helpless, she had no choice
but to endure the pleasure that her three friends were giving
her.

It was less than an hour later four very tired but very satisfied
women arrived back at camp.  Just as Kathryn was drifting off to
sleep, she heard Natalie giggle and say

"Next time, I'm going to volunteer."




48 Interview For the "Clinic"

Cynthia was in the shower when the phone rang. "Hello?" she asked.

"Hi. It's me, Chris. Are you ready for an adventure?"

Cynthia's breathing quickened right away. Underneath the towel she had
thrown around herself, she felt her long, thick nipples stiffen.

"Mmmmm, sure."

"Good. A taxi will be in front of your apartment in exactly 30 minutes.
The driver will take you where you're supposed to go."

"But what should I wear? What's going to happen?" asked Cynthia but the
line was already dead. Hurriedly Cynthia got herself ready. Five more
minutes in the bathroom and another five with a blow dryer and she was
ready to get dressed.

'What am I supposed to wear?', she wondered. Each "adventure" of her
boyfriend had resulted in something new. Most often, she had been told
precisely how to prepare. "Master" Chris usually insisted on no panties
or bra and light or revealing clothing. Each time the instructions had
been exact except this time.

Did that mean that she was to wear the same thing or did it mean that
she wasn't? Cynthia looked over her wardrobe and settled on a
compromise.

Since the weather was warm, she picked her light yellow sundress which
was backless. She knew that Chris loved it. The sundress precluded a
bra so that question was settled but after some deliberation, she
decided on panties.

Rummaging through her drawer she found the ones she wanted. White lace
with high French cut legs. Cynthia's pubic hair was light and blond
just as she was and, since she had been shaved only a couple of months
ago, she was sparsely covered.

Cynthia looked herself over in the full length mirror. "Not bad." she
said.

Just looking at her made her even more excited. She had been so busy
getting ready that she hadn't even looked at the time. Now she realized
that if she didn't hurry downstairs, she would be late! Grabbing her
purse and slipping into her white high heels, she ran for the elevator.
As the doors opened on the first floor, she saw the yellow cab pull up
in front of the building. Before she had even really thought about what
was going to happen tonight she was safely sitting in the back of the
cab.

"Good evening Miss." said the cab driver.

"Hello."

Cynthia paused for a long moment then asked the question that she had
been trying to think about for the last 30 minutes. "Can you tell me
where we're going?" The cab driver seemed not to hear her. Instead he
reached down and held a white large envelope over his shoulder to her.

"Please read this Miss."

Cynthia opened the envelope slowly. The anticipation of the "adventure"
was becoming more and more exciting. She took a deep breath and looked
inside the package. Pulling out the contents, Cynthia discovered a
letter, a page with questions and answer blanks on it and a felt tipped
pen. The driver reached up and turned on the dome light so that she
could read. Cynthia started with the letter.

Dear Cynthia,

I know that you'll be wondering by now what is about to happen. Don't
worry, you're in good hands. The driver knows exactly where you are
going and will bring you there safely. Your drive will be approximately
20 minutes and will bring you to an office building in the suburbs.
During the ride you are to complete the accompanying questionnaire and
to obey all instructions of the driver. When you arrive at the office
building, go inside and take the elevator to the forth floor. You are
expected in room 441. When you enter, you will be told what to do. If
you obey all of you instructions, you will have an evening of unequaled 
pleasure.

Have fun! Master Chris

Cynthia's heart was pounding by the time she finished the short note.
What was awaiting her in room 441? Would she have to expose herself and
her submission in front of other people? She had been asked to do so in
the past and the experience had been at once humiliating and intensely
exciting. Cynthia put aside the letter and looked at the questionnaire.
The questions were multiple choice and the answers simply had to be
ticked off with the pen at the right.

Altogether there were only a dozen questions.

1.	Are you wearing a dress? Yes/No

2.	Are you wearing pants? Yes/No

3.	Are you wearing a blouse? Yes/No

4.	Are you wearing a skirt? Yes/No

5.	Are you wearing a bra? Yes/No

6.	Are you wearing panties? Yes/No

7.	Are you wearing pantyhose? Yes/No

8.	Are you wearing stockings? Yes/No

9.	What kind of shoes are you wearing? Running shoes High Heels
Flats Sandals Other

10.	Is your pubic hair completely shaved? Yes/No

11.	When were you last spanked or paddled?

Less than a week ago Less than a month ago Less than six months ago
Less then a year ago

12.	Are you wearing a butt plug or vibrator or do you have any
foreign objects in your vagina or anus?

Yes/No

13.	When did you last masturbate? Less than a day ago

Less than a week ago Less than a month ago Less then six months ago

14.	Are you submissive? Yes/No

15.	Will you follow all of the instructions given to you? Yes/No

Cynthia blushed as she read some of the questions. They were questions
that she had never answered for anyone but her "Master" before.
Realizing that time was moving by very quickly, however, she quickly
circled her answers and then stuffed the questionnaire back into the
envelope. She finished just in time because a moment later, the taxi
stopped outside a low office building that looked closed for the night.

"Here's your stop Miss."

"Are you sure it's open? It sure looks dark."

The driver chuckled. "The front door will be open. Have you completed
your questionnaire?"

Cynthia nodded.

"OK then, off you go. All you have to do is follow instructions.
Cynthia got out of the cab and a moment later it was gone, leaving her
alone in front of the dark building. A cool breeze gently blew across
her legs and for the first time, Cynthia realized that the excitement
was a real turn on. Clutching her envelope to her chest she tentatively
walked to the front door.

Half expecting it to be closed, she pushed at the glass door and to her
surprise found herself inside the office lobby. The main lights were
off but the night lighting was more than sufficient for her to find her
way to the elevators one of which was waiting. The ride to the forth
floor seemed to take a long time but the walk from the elevator to room
441 was even longer. Now, nervously, Cynthia found herself standing in
front of the office door, holding her questionnaire and wondering what
awaited her within. Her palms were sweaty and her breath shallow as she
tentatively turned the door knob and entered. Inside the door was a
regular office lobby and facing her was a reception desk. Unlike the
rest of the building, the office was completely lit and behind the desk
was a pretty secretary about 20 years old. "Good evening." said the
girl. "Do you have your questionnaire with you?"

Cynthia blushed as she nodded. Here was a girl easily five years
younger and Cynthia was disconcerted to realize that the girl knew that
she was submissive.

The receptionist held out her hand for the envelope and reluctantly,
Cynthia turned it over. To Cynthia's further embarrassment, the young
girl opened the envelope and read over Cynthia's answers before looking
up. When she did so there was a small smile on her face.

"You can wait over there." she said, "You'll be called in shortly.

Cynthia sat down on one of the waiting room chairs and waited as the
girl got up and went into the office area. It was almost five minutes
before she returned but it seemed like five hours to Cynthia. Finally
the girl came back.

"Follow me."

Without even thinking, Cynthia was on her feet and following the pretty
brunette. The girl's short skirt showed off her legs nicely and Cynthia
wondered if she too was submissive. The girl stopped outside the door
labeled 'conference room' and turned to Cynthia.

"When you go inside, stay standing until you're told to move elsewhere.
Are you excited?"

Cynthia nodded her head.

"Good. Me too. Have fun!" whispered the girl then she leaned forward
and opened the door.

Cynthia felt her hand at the small of her back propelling her into the
room before closing the door quickly behind her. Cynthia looked around
the room. It was only half lit and had been arranged in a sort of
tribunal style. Behind a wide table were several people that Cynthia
couldn't make out very well. Just in front of the table was a circle of
light.

"Good evening Cynthia. Move forward into the light please." said a deep
male voice that Cynthia did not know.

Slowly, in a shuffling step, Cynthia did as she was told. Now in the
light, it was virtually impossible to recognize anyone. The best she
could do was to see five shapes sitting on the other side of the table.
Was her Master here? She didn't even know.

"We'll be getting started right away Cynthia. You have been brought
here by your Master to be evaluated. Should your evaluation go well,
you will be entering a Clinic or Spa of sorts where the next phase of
your training as a submissive will take place. Would that excite you?"

"Yes." whispered the young blond.

She could almost here the man smile at her answer.

"Remove your shoes Cynthia."

Quickly, Cynthia leaned down to pull them from her leaving her barefoot
on the carpet.

"Very well then now please remove your dress. Cynthia gasped.

She looked around her, hoping that there might be a place she could
undress in privacy and thus retain at least a bit of modesty but there
was none. Cynthia's fingers trembled as she reached for the straps of
the dress. Slowly, as though to postpone her exposure for as long as
possible, she pulled the straps down her arms and then, with only her
arm holding the dress up on her breasts, she finally let go. The light
cotton dress fluttered to her ankles ending up in a pool there. The
young blond was now left wearing only the thin lace panties she had put
on earlier. Cynthia's hands automatically went to cover her breasts.

"Hands behind your head please." said a new voice, this one female.

Cynthia slowly clasped her hands behind her head, thrusting her breasts
forward for inspection. Despite herself, her nipples stiffened until
the dark brown nubs were sticking out almost 3/4 of an inch. Cynthia's
nipples had been an embarrassment for her since she was in high school.
They were not only the longest nipples of any woman she had ever met,
they were thick and mostly, they were very dark. Whenever Cynthia wore
a light colored blouse, the dark circles of her nipples always showed
through even if she wore a bra (which was rare).

When her nipples got hard, as they were now, they were the most
prominent part of her body.

"Have you ever had clips attached to your nipples Cynthia?" asked a new
male voice.

"Yes." answered the girl in a voice just above a whisper.

"Are your nipples sensitive? Have you ever had an orgasm just by
touching them?"

asked another of her inquisitors.

The questioning went on for several minutes. Finally, the questioners
seemed satisfied.

"Very well Cynthia." said the first voice.

"Please remove your panties now."

Cynthia had almost forgotten that she was still covered. The new
instruction had her blush for about the hundredth time that evening.
Cynthia hooked her thumbs in the thin lace panties and started to pull
them down. She hesitated a long moment with the panties just at the top
of her sparsely covered pussy feeling the eyes of her inquisitors
looking on intensely. Finally, as though making a decision with
herself, she pulled the panties down and off of her body.

"Hands back behind your head." said the woman.

Cynthia dutifully followed her instructions. Over the next ten minutes,
Cynthia was asked detailed questions about her sex life and about every
intimate thing she had ever done sexually. The questions did not leave
out the B&D aspect of her life and she was obliged not only to describe
what she liked and what had been done to her but she was made to turn
and show the faint marks on her bottom of her last paddling as well as
holding her inner pussy lips open to show all of herself. Finally, she
was left to stand in her exposing position.

Behind her, Cynthia heard the door to the office open and someone walk
in.

Cynthia turned her head and saw the young receptionist wheeling in a
contraption that Cynthia had never seen before. The leather and metal
device looked like something from Nautilus but Cynthia had an idea that
it was designed for something quite different. The girl led the now
naked blond over to the device and had her stand with her belly pressed
up against a leather pad. Cynthia's hands were attached to the device
with Velcro straps that had her arms stretched forward on either side
of the pad. Behind her the girl touched a button and suddenly the
entire device came alive! The pad against which Cynthia was pushed was
tilting forward from the vertical to a 45 degree angle. Cynthia's
straps pulled her forward, firmly attached to the straps. The device
stopped and now Cynthia felt her knees being pulled apart to be
attached to other parts of the machine.

A moment later, the leather pad tilted forward again to about 20
degrees. Now the entire pad with Cynthia suspended upon it began to
rise slowly until it was about three feet above the floor. The girl
touched another button and Cynthia felt her knees being bent and then
slowly pulled wider and wider apart until she was completely spread
open. Now the lower part of the pad that Cynthia was suspended on
folded away leaving only a two foot section supporting Cynthia's
stomach and chest. The upper part of the pad that Cynthia's breasts
were pressed into was also folded back allowing her firm breasts to
hang free. Cynthia's forehead was resting on a well placed leather pad.

The device finally stopped its movement and Cynthia realized that not
only was she helplessly bound to the diabolical device but that she had
never been so opened and exposed. Her pussy and anus were completely
open and available and her breasts were now hanging freely below her
tipped by the still erect nipples.

The girl left Cynthia there for a couple of minutes letting her savor
her position. Behind her, Cynthia felt the members of the "Tribunal"
moving closer to exam their victim. After several embarrassing minutes
had passed Cynthia heard the voice of the woman examiner. "Lubricate
her."

The touch of the young girl's finger came a moment later as she slid a
coolly lubricated finger deep into Cynthia's tight anus. Cynthia pulled
at her bonds but there was no possibility of escaping her predicament.
The lubrication continued for several minutes until Cynthia was panting
with excitement. The delicate fingers of the girl were removed to be
replaced by the touch of what Cynthia knew must be a rectal plug. Sure
enough the plug was firmly pressed into Cynthia's rectum until only the
"T" handle was showing. Now Cynthia felt more hands touching her
breasts. The long thick nipples that had advertised her lust were
pulled and pinched by the strange hands as Cynthia got wetter and
wetter.

"Look at that," exclaimed the woman, "She's soaking wet."

A moment later, Cynthia felt the warm breath of the woman on her pussy
and then, to Cynthia's surprise, the woman's tongue suddenly slid warm
and wet across Cynthia's pussy lips and clitoris. Cynthia cried out at
the exquisite sensation.

The woman was an expert and although Cynthia was certain that she was
about to come, the woman kept her on the edge for ages. Finally the
insistent tongue stopped as did the fingers at her breasts.

Cynthia was left for a moment before feeling the sharp pinch of a
nipple clip being attached to her oversensitive right nipple. Cynthia
whimpered that it hurt but her pleas were unheard as the left nipple
was also pinched by the metal device. Cynthia involuntarily clenched
her ass at the sensation and was rewarded by the unyielding presence of
the rectal plug. Cynthia heard the whistle of the paddle a moment
before she felt the searing heat in her left buttock. Before she could
gasp a lungfull of air to cry out the leather covered paddle had fallen
again, this time on the right buttock. Cynthia's over sensitized body
felt the paddle as though it was made of molten metal and she cried out
in shock at the sensation.

By the tenth stroke, she was breathing in short ragged gasps. The
inquisitor who was punishing her paused for a moment and once again,
Cynthia felt a warm breath underneath her pussy. The sound and the
touch of the tip of a vibrator against the entrance to her pussy came a
moment before the spanking resumed as the paddle slammed into the naked
girl's bottom. The vibrator was slid deeply into Cynthia's now soaked
pussy. Cynthia didn't know whether to cry out with pleasure or pain and
for a moment the two seemed not so different. Several smacks later, the
vibrator was now firmly lodged in her and Cynthia knew she was close to
an orgasm.

The touch of a hot tongue on the tip of her clitoris was enough to send
Cynthia over the edge. With the leather paddle still descending in a
rapid tattoo on her bottom, Cynthia cried out again and again, pulling
desperately at her bonds as the waves of orgasm racked her body.
Finally, it was over, and the spanking stopped also. Cynthia was left
for several minutes to recover before the strange device moved again
setting Cynthia back on the ground. The young receptionist had to help
her to stand because her knees were so shaky from the incredible
experience. Cynthia was shocked to find that the receptionist was also
completely naked. The two girls turned to face the table again. It was
the voice of Cynthia's Master who addressed them.

"You are both deemed ready to continue your training if you are still
interested. The training 'Clinic' will demand a week of your time and I
warn you, once you arrive at the Clinic, you will not be permitted to
leave until the week is over and your training is complete. Do you want
to go?"

The two girls looked at each other for a moment before giving their
answer in unison,

"Yes!"




49 Saturday's "Adventure"

Victoria was as sexually aroused as she ever had been in her life and her
lover had yet to touch her. The "adventure" had started earlier that week
when Vicky and her boyfriend had chatted. "Let's do something really
exciting this weekend." she said. "Oh?" said Michael, "What kind of
exciting are you thinking about?" The one in Michael's voice made it clear
that Michael's idea of excitement would involve something deliciously
naughty. Each time she and Michael had made love the experience had been
different. They had met in of all places in a bar. She had been attracted to
him from the first moment she saw him but it was Michael who spoke to her
first. For some reason, being with him left her tongue-tied and shy just 
like a little girl.

Their first date had been dinner at the city's most expensive French
restaurant. Michael had been a perfect gentleman, only kissing her on the
cheek at the end of the evening. By the third date they were sleeping
together. Michael was, by far, the most imaginative lover Vicky had ever
had. Each time he stretched Vicky's sexual imagination to the limit yet
Vicky always felt safe with him.

'He's so.... sure of himself.' she thought. "Well..." said Vicky, trying to
bring herself back to the present, "your imagination has server us pretty well
so far, I'm sure you'll think of something." "But what if I think of
something kinky?" chuckled Michael. Vicky blushed despite herself. "That
would be Ok." she said in a quiet voice. She could just imagine Michael
smiling. "Does that mean you'll do whatever I think of?" "Yes." said the
pretty girl. "Ok, you're on."

said Michael, "We'll get together Saturday night. From Saturday morning
until Sunday morning you'll follow all of my instructions. Are you sure
you're up to it?"

Vicky swallowed hard. She had always had fantasized about submitting
herself totally to a man but now that the opportunity was here, it mad her
nervous.

"Uh... Ok." she said finally her heart beating a mile-a-minute.

On Saturday morning, Michael's call woke Vicky up. "Good morning
sweetheart." he said "Are you still ready to follow my instructions?"
"Mmmmmm" said Vicky "I'll do whatever you say Master." Michael smiled
to himself. The adventure had started. "A messenger will drop off a package
to you this morning. It will have your instructions in it. I'll see you 
later. Bye!" Vicky was left with a dial tone in her ear.

The messenger arrived a half-hour later. Vicky threw on a robe and signed
for the package that turned out to be a large envelope. Vicky opened the
envelope and poured out the contents on her bed. Inside were a note, a key, a
black silk scarf and a pair of shiny silver handcuffs. Vicky's heart skipped a
beat at the sight of them. She had often imagined being tied up and helpless
while a lover ravished her but this was the first time she had found a lover
who had the nerve to actually do it. Vicky's hands were trembling with
excitement as she picked up the note.

"Hi Baby!

Well the adventure has begun! I guess you're wondering what I'm going to
do with these "toys".

Read on and you'll find out. Here are your instructions:

1.	At 4 o'clock go to the Hilton Hotel. The enclosed key is for room
213. Go directly to the room and bring the scarf and handcuffs with you.
You'll find the room empty.

2.	Strip completely. Remove EVERYTHING including your jewelry,
watch, clothes, shoes, underwear, etc. Fold your clothing neatly.

3.	Put on the blindfold and fasten it securely so that you can't see at all.

4.	Fasten your hands behind your back using the handcuffs.

5.	You'll be waiting for a while so sit down and make yourself
comfortable. In 15 to 45 minutes of arriving you'll hear a knock at the 
door. Go to the door and open it. Then the adventure will really begin.

Vicky was flushed and perspiring by the time she finished the note.
"Whew!" This time, Michael's imagination had outdone itself. Just thought
of what was going to come had Vicky dripping wet with excitement. The
rest of the day passed in something of a blur. By the time Vicky had
showered, eaten, done her hair and makeup and decided (after much
pondering) what to wear, it was already 3 o'clock. Vicky had chosen to wear
a light cotton sundress in a canary yellow that matched her blond hair.

The thin cotton hugged her 35-24-36 body like a second skin. Vicky picked
a pair of lacy panties and a garter belt and stockings that always made her
feel sexy.

The dress was backless so wearing a bra was out of the question. Vicky
looked in the mirror and appraised herself. "Hmm, not bad." she murmured.
Her dark nipples could just be discerned behind the thin fabric. Vicky
reached up and touched her nipples and watched as the long fat nipples
hardened and pushed at the light dress. In a moment of impulse, she reached
down and tugged her panties down her legs and off. "There." she smiled
"Perfect." By now it was 3:30, just enough time to get to the hotel.

Traffic was thankfully light and Vicky pulled into the hotel parking lot at
3:55. With her "toys" in her purse, she hurried up to room 213. The key had
been given fit the door perfectly and Vicky found herself in a spacious hotel
room suite. With a glance at her watch, she realized she'd have to hurry. She
peeled off the clothes she had taken so long to choose folded them neatly.
Her watch and earrings followed them. The blindfold was next. Vicky took a
deep breath as she fastened it behind her head. Now the handcuffs. It was
awkward trying to fasten the cuffs behind her back but finally they were
attached leaving Vicky naked, blindfolded and helpless.

Gingerly, Vicky walked over to where the bed was and sat down on the
corner. Her senses, it seemed, had instantaneously heightened. Every sound
in the room seemed louder somehow. Immediately Vicky realized that
waiting for 30 minutes or so without being able to look at a watch would be
difficult. How much time had passed already? One minute? Five? Ten?
What would happen when Michael knocked on the door? 'My God!',
thought Vicky. What if it wasn't Michael? In fact, what if a maid walks in?
Vicky imagined for a moment what she must look like. A 26 year-old
attractive blond, well tanned except for the small triangular patches at her
breasts and pussy with a black blindfold on and handcuffs fastening her
hands behind her back. Permutations of scenario after scenario rushed
through Vicky's mind one after another. One way or the other, she realized,
she was helpless to do anything about it. With her heart beating madly and
her pussy now wet with anticipation, Vicky waited. The more she waited,
the more excited she got.

When the knock at the door finally came Vicky jumped. She had become
almost used to the silence of waiting alone with her own thoughts.
Nervously, Vicky got to her feet. In tiny steps, so as not to bump into a wall,
Vicky moved to the door.

She finally arrived as the knuckles knocked again. Taking a deep breath,
Vicky turned around and felt for the doorknob and turned it. The door
opened slowly and Vicky took a step back. She felt more naked than she
ever had in her life.

'Was it Michael?' she wondered. Whoever it was moved into the room
slowly.

It seemed to take an interminable long time to close the door during all of
which, Vicky realized, she was totally exposed to whoever was in the
hallway.

Finally the door closed. Vicky felt a hand grasp her arm and move her back
into the middle of the room. She was left standing as the person moved
around her inspecting her. Vicky felt fingers touch her already hard left
nipple and pull gently. 'Are those Michael's fingers?' Vicky blushed as the
hand moved lower, feeling the wetness between her legs. Now a hand
grasped her by the nape of her neck and had her bend over from the waist.
When she was in the humiliating position, the hand trailed down her back to
her buttocks. Vicky felt two thumbs pry apart her buttocks and hold them
wide open to expose her crinkled rear opening. She had never felt so
vulnerable.

The hands left her and then pulled her to a standing position again. She was
led over to the bed and guided onto it so that she was kneeling on the bed
with her feet dangling over the edge. The strong hand was at her neck again
pushing her forward until her forehead touched the bed. Her shoulders too
were pushed down to dip her back more fully. She felt the hands now at her
legs, moving them apart. Vicky was left in this exposed position for a couple
of minutes. Each minute added to the excitement of anticipation that had
been building since she had read her instructions so many hours before.
Vicky heard the person moving around the room behind her and she strained
to figure out what exactly he was doing. Vicky was pretty sure that it was
Michael who was in the room with her but every once in a while, she
thought maybe not. She listened carefully and was pretty sure that he was
the only person in the room but the excitement of not knowing was making
her hotter and hotter. The hands touched her buttocks again and a moment
later, Vicky felt a cold sensation touch right at the center of her anus. The
finger covered in cool lubricant made its way slowly into the virgin
entrance. Vicky was breathing hard now. She had played with her ass before
but she had never let anyone take her there and she was nervous that it was
about to happen. The long finger moved gently in and out of her tight rear.
Each time the finger buried itself in her rectum, she felt her toes curl up
involuntarily.

After a few minutes of this leisurely lubrication, the finger was withdrawn
only to be replaced a moment or two later by another cool touch. The butt
plug that was firmly pushed into Vicky had one large bump in the middle.
Vicky squealed as it passed her sphincter to lodge the plastic intruder deep
in her bottom.

Vicky was left again for a few minutes to get used to the foreign object now
seated firmly in her. When she was touched again it was to be brought to her
feet. Vicky felt the handcuffs being removed but then her hands were
immediately re-attached in front of her. Now she was placed on the bed on
her back. Her hands were pulled to the head of the bed and fastened there.
Vicky felt straps being fastened around her thighs and then her knees were
pulled wide apart to the sides of the bed. Her feet were similarly fastened
wide apart leaving her completely exposed.

Vicky could feel a drip of her own juices trickle down between her buttocks
to where the strange device still impaled her. The incessant hands were now
at her breasts and tugging at her nipples. Despite herself, Vicky let out a
moan as a hot tongue licked each nipple until it was aching tight. The
pinching feeling of the clips that attached to her nipples was a surprise and
for a moment, they stung. That feeling soon passed however to be replaced
by a constant stimulation of the sensitive nubbins. The fingers now trailed
lower and lower towards Vicky's soaking pussy. She was squirming and
moaning constantly now. If only he would stick it in, I could come right
now, she thought.

She felt the person get up and move across the room. When he came back,
the sensation at her pussy was very strange. It felt like he had spilled
something on her. It was not until the razor started removing her pubic hair
that she realized that the feeling had been shaving cream. Vicky was
helpless to prevent the depilation of her pubis. The razor didn't stop until
she was as smooth as when she had been a little girl. A wet warm cloth
wiped the last of the cream from her smooth skin. Vicky gasped at the heat.
With the nipple clips still pinching her and the strange butt plug in her
rectum Vicky was being stimulated in ways she had never experienced
before.

Vicky felt the man's thumbs at her pussy pulling her lips wide apart to
expose the pink flesh inside. She felt his hot breath a moment before the tip
of his tongue touched her inner pussy lips. "Ohhhhh!!!" cried Vicky as the
hot, wet tongue licked its way slowly up toward her hard clitoris. He blew
gently on her wet clit and Vicky shivered at the sensation then, all of a
sudden, her whole clitoris was sucked into his hot mouth as his tongue
started to bring her over the edge. Vicky cried out again and again as she
tugged desperately at her bonds. The tongue licked her again and again and
then Vicky felt the fingers tugging and twisting the plug in her rear. She
cried out again. She was sure she was going to go out of her mind and then
she started to come.

The orgasm washed over her and just when she was sure it was done, it
crested again. She felt her ass clench down hard on the plastic plug lodged
deep in her and that set her off again. Her whole body was thrashing on the
bed under lover.

When finally it was over, Vicky was exhausted. She had never, ever, in her
life, been so sexually sated. She felt the blindfold being pulled off and there,
as expected, was Michael. He smiled down at her still bound tightly to the
bed with the ropes and straps.

"Well my little slave. How do you like being submissive?"

Vicky heard herself as if from a distance as she drifted off to sleep, "I'm
yours Master."




50 Elizabeth's Adventure in Chicago

The package arrived via Fed-Ex Friday morning. Elizabeth had been
expecting it, but even so, when the Fed-Ex delivery man dropped the
envelope on her desk she jumped.

"Sign here please Ma'am," said the young man.

Elizabeth signed for the package and, with a look over her shoulder to make
sure that no one was looking, she opened it. Inside were several things; a
letter, a key, a sealed envelope and an airline ticket. 'Hmmm', thought Liz,
'This time's he's outdone himself.' The 'he' she was referring to was Tom,
Liz's boyfriend. In the 6 months they had been seeing each other, Liz had
discovered more about excitement and her own sexuality than in the 25
years previously. Tom was always coming up with the next "adventure" for
them to take on together. It had been Tom who had introduced Liz to
Bondage and to the kind of games that Mom never told you about. Elizabeth
was now a successful software broker and had opened up her own business
selling software to large companies that needed to buy in bulk. At the office
Liz was always in control and very much her own woman. To her surprise,
Liz had found out that she loved being the one who was tied up, that she
loved being submissive. She was always excited when Tom had
'instructions' for her. Last week, Tom had promised her an adventure of
"unparalleled proportions" and to expect her instructions on Friday via
messenger.

Liz opened the letter to find out what she needed to do next. The letter was a
short one and contained her weekend instructions.

Dearest Slave Liz,

You'll find enclosed all that you need to begin your "adventure". The airline
ticket is to Chicago and the plane leaves at exactly 6:00pm. Don't miss it.
The flight will take a little under 2 1/2 hours. The return flight, as you can see,
will have you back at work on Monday morning. For your flight, you are to
wear a pretty cocktail dress. It must have a hemline above your knees and I
expect the fabric to be light enough that I could see through it if the light
were behind you.

When you get on the plane, you are to open the sealed envelope and follow
the instructions inside. Do NOT open the envelope beforehand.

You'll also find a key in the package I just sent you. This key is for use in
Chicago. Bring it with you.

I love you lots and you can expect this 'adventure' to be the best yet.

Love, Tom.

Liz's face was flushed and her breathing had quickened by the time she
finished reading the instructions. She would have to get moving if she
wanted time to go home and change before her flight. She couldn't believe
that she was going to get on a flight to a strange city for a sexual escapade.

By 6:00pm, Liz had managed to pull it all together. She had left the office a
few minutes early and had rushed home to have a quick shower and change.
The only dress she had that fit the instructions was a light yellow sundress
that was strapless. It was a little out of fashion for November in Chicago, so
Liz put a white sweater over it. A bra was, obviously out of the question but
Liz made up for it was a garter belt and stockings and a pair of sheer lace
panties. She threw some other clothes into a carry-on bag and rushed to the
airport where she just made her flight. The plane left right on time and as
soon as they had leveled off, Liz reached into her bag for the sealed letter.
There was, thankfully, no one sitting next to her because Liz was sure that
the letter would be very explicit and she would die of mortification if a
stranger read it.

Inside the envelope, as expected, was a letter:

Dearest Slave Liz,

If you have followed your instructions, you are now winging your way to
Chicago where your weekend adventure will continue. Here are your
instructions:

First, as soon as you finish reading this, go to the plane's washroom. Once in
there, remove your bra, panties and stockings. Do not masturbate. You are
not allowed to masturbate until I tell you. Once you've taken off your
underwear, leave it in the garbage disposal in the washroom. You won't be
needing them.

Next, go back to your seat. When you sit down, lift your dress so that you
are sitting directly on the fabric of the seat. During the rest of the flight,
write a fantasy of exactly what you'd want to happen to you in our next
adventure. Make sure it is the most exciting thing you've ever thought of.

When you get to Chicago, walk across from the terminal into the O'Hare
Hilton. It is only a couple of minutes walk. The key I gave you is for room
310. Go directly to that room. Once there, remove the rest of your clothes
and hang them up neatly. You'll find a blindfold on the bed. Put it on and
then lie down on the bed, face down and spread your legs wide apart. Stay
like that until you get further instructions.

Your Loving Master,

Tom

Liz was squirming by the time she finished reading the instructions. She was
sure that there was a wet spot on her dress when she got up to go to the
washroom. She had to wait a moment before getting in.

Inside the tiny airplane washroom, Liz had trouble trying to get undressed.
Finally, she managed to get her panties and stockings off and stuffed them
into the disposal chute. Liz took a long look at herself in the mirror. She
knew that she was a very pretty 25 year-old. Her sandy blond hair was short
and curly. Her figure was not voluptuous but she liked it. She was more like
a runner, she thought. Her breasts were 35 B's and her tiny waist and trim
hips showed the hours of exercise and dancing that she did on a regular
basis. She took a long deep breath and left the washroom.

As she moved up the aisle back to her seat, she felt very exposed. She knew
that the men in their seats were looking at her and she felt like they could see
right through her light cotton dress. She felt a blush hit her face as she
finally sat down. She was about to do up her seat belt when she remembered
the instruction about how to sit. Liz looked around her to make sure that no
one could see. Everyone seemed preoccupied with whatever they were
doing. As surreptitiously as possible, Liz pulled the back of her skirt up so
that her now bare bottom was sitting directly on the seat. Finally, she was
organized and as she looked up, she saw one of the stewardesses was
looking right at her. Liz blushed a deep red as the stewardess gave her a
knowing smile. Liz dropped her eyes and buckled up her seat belt. She felt
the heat of her embarrassment all over her face and knew she must look like
a little girl with her hand in the cookie jar.

The plane was soon descending into the crowded skies around Chicago's
O'Hare airport. Liz was getting more and more excited. She read her
instructions again and again wondering what would happen to her once she
was naked and blindfolded, lying on the bed face down. She kept herself
busy writing down the fantasy that Tom had asked her for. She wrote a
sizzling fantasy about being on a tropical island and being captured by
natives who stripped her and subjected her to countless sexual trials. She
was soaking wet by the time the plane landed and she knew that she would
leave a wet spot on the seat when she got up. As soon as the airplane door
opened, Liz scooted out of her seat and out of the plane, making sure her
skirt was pulled down as she got up. The stewardess who had seen her
pulling up her skirt was at the door and she smiled as Liz came forward.
"Have a nice day Miss." said the pretty flight attendant and Liz blushed
again as she thanked her.

Once out of the plane and into the terminal, Liz found herself following the
mass of people as they headed for the exit. She asked someone at the Car
Rental counter where the O'Hare was and was told it was right across the
street. Five minutes later, Liz walked into the lobby of the hotel. The
elevators had her on the floor a moment later and then she was at the door of
room 310. She put her key in the door and then, just as she was turning it,
had a thought that maybe she wouldn't be alone! The thought had her pause
but it was too late now. With a deep breath, Liz pushed the door open and
walked in.

Thankfully, the room was empty. The curtains were flung wide open and Liz
wondered if people could see in. Certainly she could see out very clearly and
the idea of taking off her clothes in such an open environment made her
shudder. She wondered if she was allowed to close the curtains. She figured
not. After all, the rest of the instructions had been so specific, she was sure
that Tom wouldn't have forgotten something like the curtains. Liz looked
around the room and couldn't find anything in the closet or anything else
that said that Tom was here. In the middle of the bed, however, was a black
silk blindfold.

Liz took one of the closet coat hangers and went to the bathroom that was
positioned right across from the closet. In the bathroom, hidden from what
seemed to be the eyes of all of Chicago, she slipped out of her dress and
heels. Her dress went onto the hanger and her shoes she held in one hand.
She looked out for a moment from the bathroom then jumped across to the
closet and put her things away. She jumped right back to the bathroom and
took a good look at herself in the mirror. Her pussy was soaked, she noticed.
Last month, during one of their 'adventures,' Tom had shaved off all of
Liz's pubic hair and he insisted that she keep it smooth "just like a good
slave." When she looked at her now puffy pussy lips, they were covered
with her juices. Liz wet a hand towel and cleaned herself. In a couple of
minutes she was ready. She knew all this primping was just putting off the
inevitable. Taking a deep breath, she left the bathroom and scooted onto the
large bed in the middle of the room. The blindfold was still there and Liz
quickly pulled it on, making sure it covered her eyes completely. Then, as
instructed, she lay face down and spread her legs wide apart.

Lying there, not able to see, Liz started to imagine all kinds of wild things.
She imagined that there were people peering into the room from the window
and that she was on display just like in a zoo. She imagined that there was a
video camera hidden in the corner of the room, watching everything. She
imagined the stewardess from the plane coming into the room and teasing
her and toying with her just like Tom did. The thoughts didn't stop and the
longer she lay there, the more excited she got. When she finally heard the
key in the door, she was very turned on. 'Would it be Tom?', she wondered.
He had never involved anyone else in their sex games before but he had
threatened to from the first time he had tied her up. The idea of being
helpless to prevent someone from seeing her naked and exposed turned her
on.

The door opened and Liz heard someone walk into the room. She held her
breath, trying to hear everything as though the sound of the footsteps would
tell her that it was her lover or not. The door closed and the footsteps started
walking around the room. Liz heard the sound of a bag being put down on
the table then the zipper as it was opened. The footsteps carried on all
around the bed, looking at her from every angle. The unmistakable click of a
camera had Liz blush as pictures were taken of her in this exposing position.
Finally the camera was put down and Liz heard Tom's voice for the first
time.

"Hi there my little slave, how are you enjoying your adventure so far?" Liz
sighed with relief, "Oh God!, I had no idea if it was you or if you had found
someone who would take pictures of me. " Tom laughed, "Don't talk too
soon. I'm going to prepare you now for an 'examination'."

Liz felt Tom's hands on her wrists as she tried to digest what he had just
said. An examination?, she wondered, by who? and what would they do?
Her mind was a jumble as Tom attached wrist straps to her and then pulled
her hands wide apart to attach to the corners of the bed. Tom lifted her hips
and pushed several doubled up pillows under her belly and then had Liz pull
her knees wide apart and forward so that she was straddled on the pillows.
More leather straps around her thighs and ankles made sure she would be
staying in position. The effect of the pose was not lost on Elizabeth who
knew that both her bare pussy lips and her anus were now fully spread and
exposed. Her breasts hung below her so that just her nipples were touching
the bed. The tingling touch of the bedspread on the sensitive nipples added
to Liz's excitement. Finally she was ready. Tom patted her on her perfectly
curved bottom,

"All right Liz, you're ready for your examination. Just relax. I'll be leaving
the room now, but the next person to walk in will be examining your body
and your submissiveness thoroughly. Enjoy yourself." Tom chuckled as Liz
heard him leave the room.

Her mind was now running rampant as she imagined what might happen
next. The position she was in was not only completely exposing and
humiliating, she was also helpless to get out of it. She really had no choice
but to submit to whatever would be done to her next. Each minute seemed
like an hour to Liz but finally she heard the key in the door again. She was
breathing heavily as the door opened and someone walked in. Was it a man
or a woman Liz wondered. Would they be gentle with her? The door closed
and Liz heard the footsteps walking all around her. Her 25-year-old body
pulled at the straps holding her wrists in a vain effort to let herself free. She
kept waiting for them to touch her, hoping they wouldn't and also hoping
they would.

The first touch of the cool fingers came at her left breast. Just the tips of the
fingers as they gently grasped her nipple and tugged it away from her breast.
Liz gasped. The touch had been electric. She felt her nipples stiffen and
grow even longer into the fingers of the stranger. The long cool fingers
rolled the nipple back and forth, teasing it and playing with it until Liz
couldn't stand it any more and moaned out loud.

The fingers left her nipple and just the tips of them trailed down along her
ribcage, tickling her and making her squirm at the sensation. It was as
though every nerve ending in Liz's body had awakened and was ready to be
teased. The fingers reached Elizabeth's bottom and moved further along the
side of one buttock and down the outside of her thigh. At the back of her
bent knee, the fingers stroked her gently before moving to her inside thigh
and starting to trail upwards. Liz was holding her breath again waiting for
the hand to reach her soaking box. She felt a trickle of her own juices slide
down her leg and blushed at having so revealed herself to the stranger. The
maddening fingers had reached Elizabeth's pussy and she felt them stroke
the outside of her smooth pussy lips. Her pussy responded to the teasing by
puffing out even further and opening the hot pink interior lips to the
'examiner'. Just the tip of one finger touched the wetness inside and Liz
gasped as it moved around slightly. She felt herself pushing her bottom
down trying to get the fingers to touch her hard and sensitive clit but they
didn't oblige.

A fraction of an inch at a time, the finger pushed itself into Elizabeth,
lubricating itself on her juices. Liz let out a long sigh as the finger penetrated
deep inside her. The finger turned slowly then pulled out, again a fraction of
an inch at a time. Liz felt the hot wet tip of the finger traveling up her crack
and pause at her tiny crinkled opening.

"Oh, no." She pleaded. "Not there."

The stranger paid no heed to the bound woman and slowly pushed the
lubricated finger deep into her bottom. Liz squirmed helplessly in her bonds.
There was nothing she could do to stop this stranger from violating even her
most private opening. The finger slid out and then pushed in again even
deeper. Liz moaned at the feeling. Back and forth, the penetrating finger
turned and touched until Liz was panting at the sensations running through
her body. Finally it pulled out.

Liz was left, gasping as the stranger moved from behind her to another part
of the room before returning. Again Liz felt a touch at her anus. This time,
the touch was cool. Liz felt the cool touch of a plastic plug as it was pressed
into her. Her bottom tried to keep out the intruder but without success.
Elizabeth's toes curled as the thick bulge in the middle of the plug passed
inside her and her muscles pulled the rest of the plug deep into her body.
The 'T' shaped handle kept the plug from disappearing into her completely
and the result was that her tiny virginal anus was kept open, clenching down
on the neck of the white plastic plug. Liz's breath was in short ragged
breaths now. She was sure she would come any minute.

The stranger stepped back. Liz heard the whistle of the leather strap through
the air a split second before it exploded on her bottom. She cried out more in
surprise than pain as the strap came down again and then again. She was
helpless to do anything but endure as her spanking continued. She had been
spanked by Tom before, but this was the first time a strap had been used on
her tight bottom. The strapping left Liz's bottom hot and red. The pain only
lasted a couple of minutes but the heat remained. It seemed to travel through
her body, making her nipples even more hard and her pussy even more wet.
With each stroke, Liz felt her ass clench down hard on the unyielding plug
still inside her. The sensation seemed to go directly from her ass to her
clitoris. By the time the spanking finished, Liz was trembling. She had never
been so excited in her life. The stranger moved aside again and a moment
later Liz felt a sensation she would remember for the rest of her life. The
plug in her bottom suddenly came alive!

The plug started to vibrate deep in her bottom and Liz felt the beginnings of
an incredible orgasm. The door suddenly opened and Liz heard as if from a
distance, the strange person leaving the room. The orgasm hit her like a ton
of bricks. She cried out again and again as waves of pleasure washed over
her. Her anus clamped down hard on her rectal plug and the sensation
caused her to cry out again as another wave of orgasm took over. Liz trashed
back and forth, pulling frantically at the leather straps that bound her. She
was sure that if the pleasure didn't stop right now, she would die from it, but
still it continued. She was helpless to stop it. When she was sure she
couldn't come any more another orgasm hit her just as hard as the first and
again she cried out. Finally, exhausted, she lay still, the rectal plug still
causing her to spasm from time to time as it hummed in her bottom. The
vibrations stopped quite suddenly and Liz felt her whole body relax. Fingers
tugged at the silk blindfold covering her eyes and a moment later daylight
poured in to reveal Tom sitting beside her. Very gently he untied her from
the bed and helped her to lie down. As if in a dream, Elizabeth looked up
into his eyes and smiled.

"It was the best adventure ever", she said drowsily, "but I'd like to sleep
now." "Yes, have a good sleep," said Tom, "because today's is only Friday
and we have the whole weekend together. Wait until you see tomorrow's
adventure."




51 Evelyn on an Adventure

Evelyn received her instructions by courier late in the day. The envelope
was a plain 8 1/2" by 11" and was marked 'Personal and Confidential.' Just
seeing the package made Evelyn's knees quiver. She and her boyfriend Peter
had talked last night about their next 'adventure.'

Over the past few months of their steamy relationship, Evelyn had learned a
lot about herself and her own sexuality. Before meeting Peter, Evelyn had
thought that she was pretty knowledgeable about sex and hardly considered
herself a prude. Once she and Peter had gotten together, however, Evelyn
found herself doing things that she never would have dreamed of.

The second time she and Peter slept together, he blindfolded her. Evelyn had
never imagined how sensitive she would become when she couldn't see.
Every sense seemed heightened and not knowing where she would be
touched next drove her crazy. The next time, Peter, tied her to the bed and
Evelyn found a depth of passion that she never imagined she could have.
The games had progressed from day to day and Evelyn found herself
amazed at Peter's imagination.

Evelyn was surprised to discover how much she enjoyed being submissive.
Last night Peter had promised that today's 'adventure' would be more
outrageous than anything they had done before.

"Are you ready to follow all of your instructions Ev?" he asked.

Evelyn felt a shiver run down her spine as he asked.

"Yes," she replied in a small voice.

"Okay then, expect your instructions by messenger at your office
tomorrow."

Now Evelyn opened the envelope nervously... What would be asked of her,
she wondered? The envelope contained one sheet with typing on one side:

Instructions:

1.	You are to be ready for your adventure promptly at 8:00pm.

2.	You are to be wearing panties, bra, a garter belt and stockings, a light
blouse that buttons down the front, a light skirt that is no lower than your
knees and heels.

3.	You will be picked up at your apartment at exactly 8:00pm by
limousine. The driver will take you to where you need to go. He may have
other instructions for you. You are to obey him as though he were me.

4.	Do not take anything else with you. You will have no need of your
purse or other belongings.

Evelyn was dripping wet and her heart was pounding by the time she
finished reading the brief instructions. The rest of the afternoon passed in a
sort of blur. Evelyn couldn't seem to get her mind off of what would be
happening that night. Although their games had been wild, they had always
taken place in private. They had met at Evelyn's, at Peter's and once at a
motel but never had Evelyn thought about someone else knowing about her
submission like the limo driver. What if Peter had told the driver to have her
strip for him or something like that? What would Evelyn do? Did she trust
Peter? Although she was very nervous about it, Evelyn was sure that Peter
would never set up things so that she would be in danger. The thought of
having to obey the chauffeur and even to strip for him if he asked was, at
once, frightening and incredibly exciting.

By 8 o'clock, Evelyn had changed 3 times. Now she was wearing a white
silk blouse and a white pleated skirt that swirled around her thighs. Ev had
taken particular care with choosing her bra and panties, picking out the pink
lace set that she knew Peter liked.

The doorbell rang right on time and, taking a deep breath, Evelyn left her
apartment and headed downstairs to start her 'adventure.' The limousine was
long and black. The chauffeur was in uniform and Evelyn thought he looked
stern. 'Did he really have instructions for her?' Evelyn wondered as he held
the door open for her.

The drive as comfortable as Evelyn imagined it would although she wasn't
able to enjoy most of it. Her mind was churning wondering if the chauffeur
was going to ask her to do anything and if so what and if so, when. The
limousine sped across town ending up in the industrial sector and finally
pulled into the entrance of a warehouse type plant. Evelyn tried to read the
name on at the entrance but the car drove by too quick for her to see. Once
in the entrance, Evelyn saw that the way was barred with a gate and a small
building that served as a guardhouse and security checkpoint.

The car stopped and the chauffeur opened the door for Ev to get out. He took
her by the arm and guided her into the guardhouse. Evelyn realized that she
had yet to hear the chauffeur say anything. The small building was about 15
feet square with a counter in the front. A young man in a business suit was
behind the counter.

"I'll take it from here John. Thank you." he said to the chauffeur.

The chauffeur smiled and turned quickly and left, leaving Evelyn standing
nervously in front of the strange but very attractive man. His smile was
disconcerting.

"Follow me Evelyn," he said.

Evelyn followed him nervously to an office tucked into the back of the
building. The room was bare save for a desk and chair off to the side.

"Are you ready for your adventure to begin Evelyn?" asked the man.

"Yes. I think so." she said.

"Good. You'll be required to obey the instructions of everyone tonight and
you'll experience pleasure that you've not ever experienced before. Some of
the things that happen may be embarrassing but they will all add to your
excitement. Now, first of all, I'd like you to strip down to your panties,
garter belt, stockings and shoes. Please fold your clothes neatly and leave
them on the desk."

Evelyn heard the instructions as if from a great distance. The man had
spoken clearly and concisely but it was the matter-of-fact tone that threw
Evelyn off. She waited for a moment hoping that the man would leave the
room or at least turn around but, of course, that would be hoping too much.
Her fingers trembled as she reached for the top button of her blouse. The
man's steady gaze didn't make it any easier as Ev removed the blouse to
reveal her pink bra and then let the skirt drop in a puddle at her feet. Evelyn
reached back and undid the clasp to her bra. She held it for a long moment,
preserving the last of her modesty and then, taking a deep breath, she closed
her eyes and pulled the lacy garment from her. Evelyn opened her eyes and
looked up at the man looking at her. He was smiling slightly. It suddenly
occurred to Ev that she it had not even occurred to her to turn her back on
the man.

"Fold your clothes and put them on the desk Evelyn."

Evelyn did as she was told. When she had neatly put all her things on the
desk, the man came forward.

"Turn around please and put your hands behind your back."

Evelyn felt the cool clasp of handcuffs squeeze her wrists as they were
fastened behind her. The man took the now helpless girl by the arm and led
her out of the back room to the door. Evelyn felt a stab of panic as he led her
to the outside door. She found it difficult to catch her breath but the man
didn't hesitate. A moment later Evelyn found herself out in the dark parking
lot half naked. It was the most bizarre experience she had ever had. Here she
was, completely topless with her hands fastened behind her back, being led
in the open by a stranger to a warehouse where she knew that further
indignities would be thrust upon her. Despite herself, she noticed that she
had become very wet and even though the evening air was cool, she felt very
warm. Evelyn's long brown nipples stood out in the cool night air until they
were aching.

The man led her into the warehouse through a side door and brought her
right to the middle of a large concrete floor. The inside of the warehouse
was completely blacked out except for a single spotlight in the middle of the
floor. Evelyn was brought to the pool of light and led right to the middle of
it. Evelyn took a moment to look around but outside of the few feet where
she stood the entire room was black. Suddenly Evelyn felt her panties being
tugged downward. The man had grasped her pink panties and quickly slid
them down her thighs to her ankles.

"Step out of them," he said.

Now Evelyn was completely naked except for her garter belt and stockings.

"I want you to stand absolutely still now." said the man.

Obediently, Evelyn stayed where she was as the man moved off to the side.
She heard him moving about for the moment and she wondered what he was
doing. A moment later, her question was answered as he wheeled in what
looked like a railing on wheels. On closer examination the contraption
turned out to be a bar padded with leather that was at about waist height and
was approximately 4 feet wide. It was positioned on a solid metal base that
had wheels on it. Evelyn could see straps coiled carefully at the base of the
bar. The man moved Evelyn up to the bar so that the top of her thighs were
touching the cool leather.

"Spread your legs Evelyn." she was told.

Obediently, Evelyn opened her feet about a foot.

The man chuckled. "Much, wider if you please."

Evelyn spread her feet as far as she could and, as a result, found her already
wet pubis pressed against the leather bar. Evelyn felt straps being fastened
around her ankles and then attached to the base of the bar thus trapping her
feet in the wide-open stance she had taken. Her handcuffs were removed and
straps were fastened in their place. The man moved around to in front of the
pretty girl and smiled at her.

"Bend over the bar Evelyn."

Evelyn leaned forward and the man pulled her hands wide apart to fasten
them near her ankles. The helplessness of the position was not lost on
Evelyn. She had never felt so vulnerable and exposed before. She heard the
man moving around her and as he came into view, she blushed, realizing
that her very wet pussy and her bottom were completely exposed to him.
The position had even spread her buttocks apart to show him her crinkled
anus. The man, whose name Evelyn didn't even know moved out of sight
for a minute then returned to stand right behind her. Evelyn couldn't see
what he was doing but a moment later she felt it as his forefinger touched
her bottom. The cold feel of Vaseline was unmistakable. The tip of the
finger teased the opening for a moment before sliding firmly, deeply into her
rectum. Evelyn gasped at the sensation. Before meeting Peter, she had never
imagined that her ass could give her any pleasure. The first time he had
teased her there, she had tried to stop him but he had been insistent. Now,
she knew that she loved a finger in her bottom when he went down on her.
Also, their dominance/submission games had often included some kind of
play with her bottom and she had come to know the feel of an anal plug in
her bottom while bound.

Being penetrated by this stranger, however, was completely different. She
felt like she was exposing her most intimate secrets to this man. The finger
left her and a moment later, the tip of a butt plug pushed into her. The
thickest part of the plug was pushed past her sphincter and Evelyn gasped
again as her rectal muscles pulled the plug into her until the 'T' handle was
tight against her anus. The man gave her bottom a little pat and moved to the
side again. A moment later, Evelyn felt the sting of a belt striking her
buttocks as the man began to strap her. The belt descended again and again
until her bottom was hot and pink. Being spanked sexually was something
else that Peter had introduced her to and just like with Peter, as the spanking
continued, she got more and more aroused. The man put the strap aside and
moved around to her front. Evelyn felt him unfasten her wrists and pull her
to a standing position.

A rope was dangling in front of her and her wrist straps were attached to it.
The man moved to the side and the rope was pulled upward to the ceiling
until Evelyn was stretched up on her tiptoes. The position pulled her 36B
breasts tight against her chest and made her usually long nipples seem twice
as big as they stuck out from her body. The man moved back in front of her
and pulled the bar away to leave her standing there. He reached up and
squeezed her nipples tightly, pulling them out from her body until she
moaned at the feeling. Now he reached down for a jar of something that had
been on the floor. Dipping into the jar with two fingers, he pulled out a pink
lotion that he now spread on her nipples and the surrounding areolae.

His hand moved lower and felt the wetness of her pussy, lightly covered
with sandy brown hair. The fingers dipped back in the jar and then slid down
to Evelyn's puffed out pussy lips. The lotion was slid along her wetness
from the plug in her anus to just below her clitoris. Evelyn was feeling more
turned on now than ever and to make matters worse, she realized that the
lotion now on her nipples and pussy was getting warmer. She started to
squirm in her bonds, pulling at the leather straps holding her, becoming
more and more desperate to touch her breasts and pussy. The touch of the
vibrator at her pussy was unexpected and it was already in her couple of
inches before she noticed. The long vibrating dildo slid slowly all the way
into her pussy until she was filled up. A strap attached to the base held the
vibrating dildo deep in her body. Evelyn thought she would go out of her
mind. The multiple sensations going through her body were beyond
anything that had ever happened. The lotion on her nipples had tightened
them even more than they had been. Evelyn wished that the man would
touch them or squeeze them or pull them or even strap them but he did not.
The same lotion on her pussy lips felt like heat was being applied directly to
that sensitive part of her. She felt both the vibrator in her pussy and the plug
in her bottom but they both felt like they reached right up into her chest to
fill her entire body.

Evelyn felt the beginnings of her orgasm start deep in her body and move
outward. She cried out and pulled hard at both her wrists and her ankles as
her whole body convulsed and shook. She was desperate to push at
something but there was nothing. She felt her anus clamp down hard on the
unyielding plug in her rear and the sensation set off another wave of
pleasure. She shook again and again until she was weak. Finally the man
moved forward to pull the vibrator from her. Evelyn was hanging weakly in
her bonds with her head lying forward on her chest. As she finally found the
strength to look up, she saw that the lights in the warehouse had been turned
on.

To her shock, Evelyn saw that they were not alone. About 10 feet in front of
her, there were 15 chairs all filled with strange people. All looking at her.
Evelyn looked wildly from face to face seeing their smiles and appreciating
looks. The last person on the left was Peter. Seeing him had a calming effect
on her. At once she remembered that she was safe. Looking around again,
she remembered her own nakedness and the spectacle she had just put on.
She blushed crimson as she watched these fully clothed men and women
watching her body.

A cold spray of water suddenly hit her from behind. The man who had been
toying with her all this time was now hosing her down with a common
garden hose. Evelyn was helpless to do anything about it as the man walked
around her effectively cooling her off. When he was done, she was soaked
from head to toe and also, quite refreshed. Her ankles were released and
Evelyn brought her feet together then the rope pulling her toward the ceiling
was released and Evelyn was allowed to lower her hands. She was left
standing there for a moment while the man moved again to the side. This
time, he wheeled a low leather padded table to the center of the room.
Evelyn was told to lie back on the table and within moments was again
fastened, this time in an even more exposing position. Her hands were tied
to the top of the table and the straps at her ankles were moved up her legs
until they were firmly tightened around her thighs just above her knees. The
straps were pulled up and to the side thus levering her thighs wide apart and
spreading her outer pussy lips to expose the wet pink interior. The position
also exposed her bottom displaying the white plastic 'T' of the anal plug still
lodged firmly in her rear.

Evelyn was left like this for several minutes getting steadily more and more
excited. Knowing that the strangers watching her could see right between
her legs made Evelyn even hotter. Evelyn looked up to see her tormentor
approach with another type of vibrator. He started touching her all over with
the tantalizing wand, first her lower thighs and her feet then moving up to
her tight nipples and her belly. He stroked her swollen pussy lips but
carefully avoided her clitoris. Amazingly Evelyn found herself getting
turned on again. She felt her own juices start to trickle down the crevice
between her buttocks and she knew that her pussy lips were now blossoming
out even more than they had up until now. Evelyn couldn't hold in the long
moan that now came to her lips. She started to squirm in her bonds. Her feet,
which had been left untied, kicked back and forth and the strangers
observing her watched her toes curl each time the vibrating wand touched
her body.

'What next?' thought Evelyn who was quickly being brought to another
fever pitch by the strange man. The vibrator was turned off and Evelyn was
left quivering in anticipation of what was to come next. Evelyn was so hot
that she couldn't stand it any more. She heard herself begging for release
begging to be touched begging to be allowed an orgasm. Suddenly Evelyn
felt a sensation between her legs that was unlike anything she had ever had
before. She lifted up her head to look down and saw to her horror a dog
licking her there. The rough rasp of the animal's tongue was making long
licks from her ass through her soaking pussy and across her over-sensitive
clitoris. Evelyn didn't have the time to be disgusted or to think about
anything other than the sensations running through her body. Each time the
rough tongue of the dog dragged across the tiny sensitive bud of her clit,
Evelyn cried out. She was sure she was about to go crazy. She thrashed as
she pulled at the straps holding her firmly to the table. This time her orgasm
seemed to take over her whole body. She cried out again and again and at
one time she was sure she passed out only to come to again still thrashing
and crying with pleasure. The orgasm seemed to go on for ages until it was
finally over.

When finally she could breathe again, the room was empty except for the
strange man who had brought her to the most intense orgasms she had ever
had. He gently removed the rectal plug and then untied her. She was handed
her blouse and skirt and was helped to her feet. The man led her out of the
now empty building and back to the guardhouse where it had all started. The
limousine was waiting with the chauffeur holding the door open.

Evelyn turned to the man and asked her first question of him. "What's your
name?"

The man smiled. "Robert. you'll be meeting me again I am sure."

Evelyn turned and stepped into the limousine. Waiting for her was her
boyfriend Peter and Evelyn let herself fall into his comforting arms.

Peter held up a videotape. "I have it all here from the moment you stepped
into the guardhouse. You were incredible Ev. Did you like it?"

"Oh yes," murmured Evelyn. It was the most exciting thing that has ever
happened to me."

Peter looked down at her and realized that she had already dropped into a
well-deserved sleep.




52 The Hotel Room Adventure

I have been in the hotel for an hour when I finally hear the phone ring.

"Hi."

It is your voice at last. I can picture the wicked grin on your face as you
speak.

"Are you ready for your adventure?"

"Yes." I say. I wonder what you have up your sleeve this time.

"Ok, Good. Will you follow all of my instructions?"

"Yes."

"Fine. I want you to strip completely right now. Put down the phone and
pick it up again when you're completely naked."

It only takes me a few moments. I feel strange, silly standing here without
anything on and my cock stiffens as I pick the phone up.

"Okay, I'm completely naked."

"Good boy. Now I want you to follow my instructions exactly. First of all I
want you to peek outside your door to the room across from you # 432.
Make sure you can see the key in the door. Do that now then come back."

I put down the phone and go to my door. Tentatively I open it an inch
protecting my modesty by peering around the edge of the door while
keeping my body hidden.

Across the hall I can see the door to room 432 and, stuck in the keyhole, as
though forgotten there, is the room key.

A moment later, I'm back on the phone. "Okay I can see the key."

"Good, now I want you to take your key and put it in your own door's
keyhole then I want you to walk across the hall completely nude and go into
room 432.

When you get in there go right to the corner of the room that's empty and
kneel there with your nose in the corner and wait for instructions. Do that
now."

With a click, you break the connection, leaving me trembling with a dead
phone in my hand. The thought of walking across the hall stark naked even
for a moment has left me shaken and yet despite the embarrassment I know
I'll experience, I am also extremely excited. My cock has become rock hard.
Never mind the trip across the hall, what will be waiting for me in the next
room?

Again I tentatively move to the door. Opening it slowly, I poke my head out
into the corridor to make sure the coast is clear. Thankfully, the hallway
seems deserted. I reach around to the front of my door and put my key into
the slot.

Another quick look to the left and right to check for anyone and then comes
the moment of truth. I take a deep breath and then scurry out of my room,
pulling the door behind me. Bare-ass naked, I jump across the corridor
which suddenly seems 50 yards wide and scuttle into room 432. As the door
closes behind me I am breathing hard and my heart is beating a mile-a-
minute.

I move into the room slowly. It looks like a carbon copy of the one I just
left.

I can see your black nylon bag lying on the bed. It contains plenty of toys, I
am sure. My fear of finding a stranger in the room is unfounded and I start to
breath a little easier. There is only one corridor not filled with furniture and I
see a towel folded neatly where I am expected to kneel. There is a towel
folded neatly there. I follow my instructions and kneel with my nose pressed
into the corner. It is several minutes wait and I find myself unable to think
about anything but what will happen next. Will you be alone? What will you
do with me?

The phone's ring startles me and I jump up to answer it. "Hello?"

"Hello," you chuckle, "Did you enjoy your stroll across the hall?"

I give a little embarrassed laugh, "It was certainly exciting."

"Mmmm good. What's going to happen next will be too. I want you to open
the nylon bag on the bed and take out everything in there. I reach out and
pull the bag to me. Inside are a blindfold, a small butt plug, a tube of KY
jelly and a pair of shiny handcuffs. My cock twitches at the sight.

"Okay, I have everything out in front of me."

"Good. Now put down the phone and lubricate the plug and yourself and get
that plug into you."

My breathing quickens as I follow the instructions. The plug is a
comfortable size once inserted but the thick bulge in the middle has me gasp
as I push it in.

"Okay, it's in." I tell you.

"Good boy. Now you should take the blindfold and put it on. Tell me when
you can't see anything."

The black silk scarf goes on quickly and I find the loss of my sense of sight
to be even more exciting.

"It's on."

"Fine, now put the phone down on the night table and handcuff your hands
behind you." Once the handcuffs are on, I have to I have to bend down to get
my mouth near the phone.

"I'm handcuffed now."

"You've been a very good boy so far. Once I hang up I want you to hang up
the phone then go to the end of the bed and get into your submissive position
there.

Stay that way until you're told otherwise. The phone clicks off abruptly. It
takes a couple of tries to get the phone back on its cradle with my eyes
blindfolded and my hands attached behind my back but finally I manage.
Taking small steps so as not to bump into anything, I work my way down to
the end of the bed and get up on it. I kneel down with my feet dangling over
the edge of the bed and my knees well apart. I lay my head down on the
bedspread thus leaving my bottom up and exposed spread open like and
offering.

For several minutes nothing happens and again I am left with my own
fantasies. I am truly helpless now, in another room, no clothes at all with my
hands handcuffed behind me. I wait patiently, not even able to touch my
cock which I can feel is rock hard and throbbing as it hangs below me. I hear
the click of the door as it opens and then someone moves into the room. My
hearing has become more acute since being blindfolded. I hear the rustle of
movement as the person walks around taking a good look. Is there only one
person? My ears strain for the sounds of someone else but I can't hear
anyone. Is it you? I wonder.

I hear the movement right behind me now as the person stops. I try to put
myself in their perspective. They have a perfect view of my spread buttocks
and my anus filled as it is with the white plastic plug. Beneath the plug, my
balls and cock hang helplessly. I blush as I think about how exposed I am.

The sudden touch on the plug seated deep into me has me gasp
involuntarily. The gentle tug on the plug becomes more insistent, pulling the
plastic backward.

With firm pressure, I feel the thick part of the plug slide out of me a fraction
of an inch at a time. When only the narrow tip of the plug is still inside me
the fingers stop. I am trembling with excitation. It is as though we are
suspended in time. The tip of the plug holds me open teasingly. With a
sudden motion, the hand thrusts the plug in, forcing it deeply into me. I can't
help moaning out load as the plug penetrates my bottom.

"Mmmmm," you chuckle "Like that?"

I am panting with the sensation of the plug now once again seated deep in
my body. At least I know it's you. I feel your hands stroking my buttocks
and then glide down to cup my cock and balls. You give my balls an
authoritative squeeze before moving away. I hear you move behind me. I
hear the click of a camera as you take pictures of my from various angles. I
can't help blushing again. One of your hands comes to rest on the small of
my back and grasps my handcuffed wrists.

"You're going to be spanked now." you say and a moment later, the sharp
sting of a ping-pong paddle strikes my bottom.

The paddling is fast and furious, leaving me gasping for breath with my
buttocks hot and red before you pause. I hear you click more pictures of my
now red bottom. The camera is put down and now I feel you move onto the
bed in front of me. A moment later your grasp my hair with both hands and
pull my face into your shaved and very wet pussy.

"Lick it!" you command and I obediently stick my tongue out to like your
smooth pussy lips and the hard nubbin of your clitoris.

You come very quickly, crying out again and again as the orgasm runs
through you. I am left with my face covered in your juices as you get up.
You grasp one of my arms and pull me to my feet on the floor.

"Spread your legs." you order.

I feel your hot mouth descend on my cock. One of your hands reaches
between my legs and grasps my balls, leaving me with no illusions about
who is in control here. The other hand moves further between my legs to
hold the plastic plug still lodged firmly in my rectum. You start to twist and
push at the plug pushing my dick harder into your mouth. I'm not able to
hold out for long with the sensations running through my body.

My hot bottom and the twisting, moving plug are driving my crazy but your
tongue drives me over the edge. I feel my balls tighten as my orgasm starts.
Sensing that I'm close, you push my plug deep into me. My cock explodes
and I cry with pleasure as my jism spurts into your open mouth. I'm
squirming, trying to escape the exquisite sensation but your hold on me is
relentless. It is only when you have milked the last drop of cum from my
and I am hanging my head in exhaustion that you let me free. My handcuffs
and blindfold are removed and you stand to give me a hug and a kiss.

"Go get cleaned up." you say as you push me into the bathroom.

When I have cleaned myself, I come out of the bathroom with a contented
smile on my face. I start to chuckle at the sight. You are completely naked
with a blindfold on and your wrists handcuffed behind you. You're kneeling
in the corner of the room with your nose in the corner.

As you hear me walk into the room you say, "I'm ready for my adventure
now Master."




53 Jeffery's Visit to San Francisco

It was 2:15 when the plane starting making its descent into San Francisco
airport. Jeffrey had been thinking about landing all day, all week in fact. He
expected that who would be meeting him was his friend and sometime
Mistress Sally. Sally and Jeffrey's sex games had been exciting and all too
few as far as Jeffrey was concerned. Each time one or the other had assumed
a submissive role and the resulting "Adventures" were the realization of
fantasies that most people never even imagine.

This time it was Jeffrey's turn to obey his Mistress. Sally had given him
specific instructions the evening before. He was not to play with himself
until she allowed it, he was to remove his underwear during the flight and be
naked under his jeans and he was to bring a small butt plug that she
promised would be used on him while he was with her. The flight landed
smoothly and Jeffrey grabbed his carry on bag, the only one he had brought
with him. Sally was waiting at the gate.

"Hi!" she called as he exited the jetway. Sally ran up to him and gave him a
big hug. It had been months since they'd seen each other last.

"Have you got any bags that we need to wait for?" asked Sally. "Nope."

"Ok then, let's go."

Sally led Jeffrey out of the building and next door to the parking lot where
her car was waiting.

"We'll be going for a little drive." she said with a mischievous smile and
pulled out of the parking lot onto the highway.

The pair had lots to talk about and the first 10 minutes of the drive was taken
up with small talk as they caught up on the news. Sally had maneuvered
herself onto the freeway and Jeffrey had been so caught up in the
conversation that he hadn't even noticed that they weren't heading for the
heart of the city. He had just started looking for direction signs to get an idea
of where they were going when Sally took the opportunity to pull off into a
Rest Area. She parked the car in an empty spot at the end of the parking lot
and then turned to Jeffrey.

"All right, it's time for your adventure to start. Did you follow all of my
instructions?" Jeffrey felt his cock stiffen as she asked him this simple
question.

"Yes" he replied.

"Good get out of the car and into the back seat please."

Jeffrey did as he asked. In the back seat was a folded sheet that he had to
move over to sit down.

"Now I'd like you to remove your shoes, socks and pants." Jeffrey looked
around nervously as he reached down to undo his shoes. Although no one
was in sight, removing his clothes in such a public place made him feel very
exposed. By the time he had removed his pants, his cock had grown rock
hard and was sticking straight up. Sally smiled at the sight.

"I'm glad to see that you didn't wear your underpants as instructed. It might
have been embarrassing for you to be spanked right here."

Jeffrey certainly agreed with her. Sally now reached back and handed
Jeffrey a sleeping mask. The simple blindfold was the kind handed out in
First Class on airlines on long flights.

"Put this on if you please."

Jeffrey felt even more exposed without being able to see.

"Very good now lie down on the seat and you can use the sheet to cover
your lower half."

Jeffrey sighed a sigh of relief as he was allowed to cover his nakedness.

"We'll be driving for a while so make yourself comfortable." said Sally as
she started the car.

The small talk continued after a while and for the next hour or so the two
friends just enjoyed being with each other. Jeffrey had almost forgotten his
compromising position as he felt the car slow and curve as Sally took an exit
from the freeway. 'Where are we?' wondered Jeffrey. The car turned from
side to side through a number of streets for several minutes and then Jeffrey
felt a bump as Sally finally pulled into what must have been a driveway.
Jeffrey heard Sally get out of the car and heard her footsteps as she walked
around to the rear passenger door. The door opened and suddenly Jeffrey felt
the sheet being pulled from him.

"Sit up Jeffrey."

Jeffrey sat up in the back seat. His hands dropped to his lap concealing his
now raging hard on.

"Take off your shirt now." she said.

A moment later Jeffrey was completely naked. Without being able to see, he
was very nervous. Was he, in fact, in a driveway or in the middle of a
crowded parking lot? He had no way of knowing. Sally took Jeffrey's arm
and helped him from the car. The asphalt under his feet felt strange and
accentuated his nakedness. Again he felt his hands move naturally in front of
him to hide his prick. Sally laughed.

"That will never do." she said as she pulled his hands behind him.

Jeffrey felt the familiar click of handcuffs as she fastened his wrists behind
him. Next Jeffrey felt Sally's hands at his crotch as she tied a long pink
ribbon around his cock and balls. Taking the end of the ribbon in one hand
she led him forward slowly by tugging gently at the ribbon. Jeffrey felt
himself blush as she led him off the asphalt and onto cool grass. Jeffrey was
led forward several more feet.

"Up two stairs now Jeffrey." said Sally.

Jeffrey felt the stairs with his feet and lifted himself up the stairs and into a
building, a house he figured. Sally led him forward through one room and
into a carpeted room before stopping.

"On your knees now and in your submissive position." she said.

Jeffrey dropped to his knees and spread them wide apart. He leaned forward
until his head was touching the carpet and waited for his next instruction. He
was left for a minute or two and then he heard the click of a camera as his
picture was taken. Pictures were taken of him from every angle. Finally the
pictures stopped and Jeffrey sensed someone standing behind him. 'Was it
Sally?' he wondered. The cool touch of a fingertip covered in Vaseline made
him gasp despite himself. The finger toyed with his anus, running around in
circles and over the center of the sensitive opening. Finally it paused
centered directly on the middle of his puckered anus. Jeffrey held his breath
wondering what was next. The finger pushed slightly just opening his anus
slightly but not even penetrating. It stayed there for a full minute just turning
slightly.

Suddenly the finger plunged deep into him all the way to the third knuckle
and held itself deep in him. Jeffrey gasped out loud at the exquisite
sensation. Her heard a chuckle from off to the side, it was Sally.

"He seems to like that doesn't he?" Another woman's voice answered from
behind Jeffrey.

"He sure does. I like it too."

Jeffrey felt a blush hit his face that was thankfully hidden by the carpet. He
flushed a deep red at the humiliation of being exposed like this. The finger
in his rear was now moving. The mystery woman moved it in and out
slowly, finger fucking his rear.

Finally, she decided that he was well enough lubricated and next he felt the
tip of the anal plug he had brought with him. The plug was not too large and
the only uncomfortable part of it was the widest ridge as it passed into his
sphincter. His anus pulled at the intruded as the thick bulge passed into him
and was firmly lodged with four inched imbedded in his rectum and the
wide base sticking obscenely out.

"I guess it's time for his spanking." said the strange woman. "Here's the
paddle." answered Sally.

The paddling with the ping-pong paddle was fast and furious and left Jeffrey
wit a bottom that was burning hot.

"Up now Jeffrey." said Sally as she helped Jeffrey up onto his knees.

The handcuffs were removed and Jeffrey automatically moved his hands in
front of him.

"Hands behind your neck." said Sally and Jeffrey moved to obey.

More pictures were taken both in front of his stiff organ still tied with the
pretty pink ribbon and from behind of his now red bottom. Every few
minutes Jeffrey was touched somewhere. Either a tug on the ribbon or the
plug was pushed, pulled or twisted in his sensitive bottom. Each touch
caused him to moan involuntarily. The teasing and photographs went on for
about ten minutes.

Finally it stopped.

"On your feet Jeffrey." said the strange woman.

A tug on his ribbon led him across the room again. Taking him by the arm
the woman led him right into the corner where she told him to stay without
moving.

With a final twist of the plastic plug, the woman walked back to the center
of the room. Jeffrey heard a couple more pictures of him in this humiliating
position. He was left there for ten minutes or so without being able to hear
much as the women had moved to another part of the house. Finally, Jeffrey
heard footsteps approaching.

"Come with me Jeffrey." said Sally.

She took him by the arm and led him back to the center of the room. Sally
pulled him forward until he felt the back of a leather sofa touch his thighs.

"Legs apart please." she said.

Jeffrey spread his legs and felt leather cuffs being attached to his ankles. The
cuffs were quickly attached to the sofa legs. Now Sally pushed him forward
so that he was bent over the sofa from behind. Leather cuffs were attached to
his wrists and then to straps going to the front legs of the sofa.

Jeffrey's head was resting on the sofa cushion. He realized that the position
made his bottom particularly vulnerable and exposed and he wasn't
surprised to hear more pictures being taken. Fingers on his anal plug tugged
gently then started to tease the plug out of him. It would be pulled out an
inch then left to slide back in slowly. As the thick part of the plug stretched
his anus, the fingers held it there, teasing him.

Finally the plug was pulled fully from him leaving Jeffrey gasping. A finger
replaced the plug covered with lubricant. It moved in and out slowly adding
a little more lubricant to leave him slippery and ready for whatever was next.
The touch of plastic at his rear made Jeffrey think that it was his plug again
but this felt different. As the object was pressed into his tight opening, he
realized with horror that this was an enema nozzle. Surely he wasn't going
to get an enema with a stranger watching!

Sally obviously had other ideas and Jeffrey was helpless to prevent them. He
felt the hard cool nozzle as it made its way relentlessly deep into his bottom.

The gurgle of water as the clamp was released came a moment later. As the
water filled his bowels Jeffrey blushed yet again. This was very
embarrassing. The enema was not long and not large and a moment later,
Jeffrey's plug made sure he would not have an 'accident' as it was pushed
back into him. The straps holding his wrists and ankles were released and
Jeffrey's wrists were re attached behind his back. With one woman on either
side, he was led from this room into the bathroom where he was
manipulated into place and bent over so that his ass was positioned over the
toilet.

Sally reached around and grasped his plug. She pulled it slowly from him
and then let him sit down to release the enema. To Jeffrey's further
embarrassment, the women didn't leave, but stayed to watch as he
performed this most intimate of acts with them. Finally Sally released his
wrist cuffs and let him clean himself. Once complete, Jeffrey was led back
into the other room. The two women had him lie on his back on a raised
table and then proceeded to tie his hands above his head and his kneed wide
apart. His cock, still imprisoned by the pink ribbon was rock hard. Jeffrey
heard the sound of a vibrator starting then a second one.

The touch of the vibrator tip at his anus had him jump at the sensation. The
vibrator was moving constantly, first all around his anus then pressing
firmly into his now clean rectum. A second vibrator started on his prick.
Jeffrey knew he couldn't hold out much longer. With a cry, he began
cumming, spurting his come up onto his chest. He tugged at his bonds as he
tried to reach himself.

While the vibrators continued to tease his orgasm from him, two mouths
descended on first his chest then his still hard prick to lick the come from
him.

The sensation of two tongues running up and down his cock had Jeffrey
spasm again as he trashed in his bonds. Finally, it was over. The girls let him
up and Jeffrey was helped to dress. He was still in a daze as they led him
outside and into the car. Five minutes later, Sally pulled the sleeping mask
from him and he saw daylight for the first time in hours. They were, by now,
back on the freeway. Sally was smiling.

"Whew!" said Jeffrey, "That was the most incredible thing that ever
happened to me. Who was that woman?"

"You'll never know." chuckled Sally. "I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I
don't know what you've got planned for me tonight in San Francisco, but I
can't wait to see you top this."

Jeffrey laughed. "It's going to be a pleasure trying."




54 Training Camp for Submissives

To say that Alexis was nervous was an understatement. Alex had been on
edge and excited non-stop for almost a week now. Ever since her boyfriend
Chuck had proposed the latest in their series of "adventures". This time was
the wildest thing Alex had ever imagined. Last Friday, Chuck had suggested
taking her submissive sexual nature to the next level.

They had experimented with bondage and other such games for months and
Alex had found that there was a side of her that she never knew existed.
When Chuck tied her up, she became more passionate than she ever thought
she could. Just the idea of being tied up and restrained, turned her on to the
point that she couldn't sit still.

Each time they played this way, Chuck's fertile imagination served to
surprise her with something new, some new limit or game that embarrassed
her and teased her but always brought her to new heights. This time,
however, Chuck had surprised even her.

The adventure, Chuck had explained, would involve Alexis going to a
special "camp" where dominant and submissive lovers went. At this camp,
Alex would have to be submissive in front of others and would be "trained"
at least in part by someone else. Being tied up in front of a stranger wasn't,
in itself, new.

Several weeks before Chuck had shocked Alex by having her bound and
blindfolded at home while a friend of his was there. Alex had gone wild with
excitement at the humiliation of being stripped and exposed to a strange
man. She had since tried without success to have Chuck tell her who it was.
Going to a "camp," though, was an altogether different story.

Alex tossed the idea back and forth but what finally convinced her is that
every time she thought about it, she got soaking wet. Chuck made the
necessary calls and Alex waited nervously all week for her "instructions".
They came by courier on Wednesday to her office. The nondescript
envelope had no return address just a P.O box but Alex knew right away
what it was. The envelope contained a single sheet of instructions. She was
to be at the corner of 1st Street and 20th Avenue at precisely 1:00pm on
Saturday. She was to bring no personal effects including identification or
money. She was to dress as though to go to a casual party.

Slacks or pants were not allowed. A Minibus would pick her up at that
location exactly on time. If she was even a minute late, she would not be
picked up as the bus would not wait. She was told that she would be
returned by the same bus in exactly one week to the same location. Finally,
she was told that from the time of receipt of this letter until her arrival at the
"camp," she was not to pleasure herself sexually in any way including by
masturbating.

The rest of the week passed in a blur as Alex got ready to take a week off
from work. Before she knew it, Saturday morning had arrived and she was
trying to get ready. A shower started the day followed by the difficult task of
deciding what to wear. Alex studied the letter a hundred times, perhaps
hoping that by reading it yet again, it would give some clue as to what she
should do or what she would experience. She tried on outfit after outfit. At
one point, she was completely naked and caught a look of herself in the
mirror.

'Not bad.' she said to her image. Alexis was tall and slender but she knew
that her body was in great shape. Her blond hair was short and curly,
stopping just before her shoulders. Her breasts were firm 35B's and she
knew that Chuck particularly loved her dark and unusually long nipples. But
it was her ass that was her best feature. Firm, perfectly curved and with
buttocks that opened invitingly whenever she bent over. 'I should just go
like this.' she laughed to herself.

Finally, Alex decided on something simple. She pulled on a white silk
blouse and her blue skirt. A lacy bra and matching panty set and her blue
heels finished off the outfit. She debated over and over about hose. Her
garter belt and stockings seemed to be too "sluttish" on her and pantyhose
didn't seem appropriate at all. Finally, she decided to do without. Her long
tanned legs didn't really need hose anyway. Keeping one eye on the clock,
Alex downed a quick meal then got ready to go. Just in case it got cooler,
she pulled a white cardigan around her shoulders. As the door to her
apartment closed, Alex realized that her adventure was underway. As
instructed, she had no personal effects with her, not even her keys. Chuck
would have to let her into her apartment next week.

Alex arrived at the appointed corner a full fifteen minutes early and waited
for her bus to arrive. It was right on time. The white minibus had dark tinted
windows that Alex couldn't see into but she was sure it was for her. It
stopped right in front of her and the door opened.

"Alexis Steerling?" asked the driver.

"Yes," said Alex.

"Get in." Alex climbed into the bus and sat down. To her surprise, there
were two other women already in the bus looking as nervous as she felt.
They were both about her age, in their late twenties and both very pretty.

"Hello." said Alex. The bus picked up two more women on its routed before
heading out of town. They had been on the freeway for about 20 minutes
when the driver pulled off to a rest area. Despite the hundreds of questions
that the young girls had, the ride had been remarkably quiet. Almost as
though talking between themselves might not be allowed. The driver pulled
the bus to a stop and turned around.

"You will all be blindfolded from this point on so that the location of the
camp will be kept a secret." Passing out black silk scarves, he instructed
them to cover their eyes and to make sure that they couldn't see. The
punishment for disobeying, he told them would be an immediate return for
all of them to the city. There was no disagreement and Alex found herself
even more excited by being blindfolded.

The balance of the ride took another 20 minutes before Alex felt the bus
begin to bump along a gravel road. The driver told them that they could now
remove their blindfolds as they were already on the camp property. The bus
pulled through several more turns and finally came across a pretty field, with
several buildings surrounding it. The area looked like it might once have
been a summer camp for kids, which in fact it had years before. Waiting in
front of the largest building was a tall man and the bus stopped right in front
of him.

The girls piled out of the bus and the man directed them right through a door
into a waiting room. Once they were all inside he told them to wait patiently
and that they would be called one by one and given instructions on entering
the facility itself. He closed the door effectively shutting them into the room
which was well lit but windowless. There were couches along the walls, and
a water fountain as well as a washroom for their convenience. Alex waited
nervously with the other wondering what would happen next.

Suddenly an intercom clicked and they all heard the voice of a soft-spoken
woman.

"Margaret Patterson, please go through the open door at the end of the
room."

The tall brunette jumped as she heard her name called. All the other girls
watched as she moved toward a door that had opened all by itself at the far
end of the room. Alex peeked past the open door but all she could see was a
short corridor that seemed to turn several feet later. It was about 20 minutes
before the next girl was called. The first girl had not returned and Alex
wondered what exactly happened beyond the door. She and the two
remained women waited for their turn to find out. The wait seemed to last
forever but was, in fact only about 25 minutes.

"Alexis Steerling please go through the open door at the end of the room."
said the voice suddenly. Alex felt her palms become sweaty as she stood and
made her way toward the open door. As she walked through the door, it
closed behind her closing her off from the waiting room.

"Please move forward Miss Steerling." said the voice. Alex walked along
the corridor, which made a sharp left turn. Ahead of her was a partly open
door and beyond it was a small room that was only partly lit. Alex walked
slowly into the room and as she did so the door closed behind her. As the
door closed, bright lights turned on overhead and the room was suddenly
over bright. Alex squinted as she looked around her. Every wall in the small
6' by 6' room was covered in a mirror. Even the ceiling was mirrored. At the
side of the room was a low table.

"Good afternoon Miss Steerling, your training is about to begin. Please
follow all of your instructions completely and without hesitation. We'll start
with your shoes. Please remove them and place them on the table. Alex
stepped out of the high heels and put the shoes neatly on the table. The floor
was hard wood and was cool against her bare feet.

"Very good, please also remove your watch and any jewelry and place them
on the table also. This will all be returned to you when you leave." Alex
pulled off her watch and earrings and left them on the table beside her shoes.

"Now the blouse please Alexis." said the voice. Alex's hands were
trembling slightly as she reached down for the buttons on her silk blouse.
All the mirrors around her made her feel very exposed as she could see
herself from several directions as she undid the buttons and uncovered the
lacy bra underneath. Once the blouse was safely folded on the table, Alex
waited for the next instruction but there was silence for a moment. Alex had
the distinct sensation of being examined and reflexively, she crossed her
hands over her chest.

"The bra next, if you please." said the voice suddenly. Alex froze. Now she
was sure that she was being watched. She had the image of each of these
reflections being a one-way mirror with dozens of people watching her strip.
In fact, that was not far from the truth. The mirrors were of the one-way
variety and not only were there several people watching Alex from a couple
of feet away, but a video camera was recording her embarrassment in
complete detail.

Alex's hands moved slowly behind her to reach for the clasp of the bra. In
front of her she saw how her movement thrust her breasts out as though on
display.

With the clasp undone, she quickly pulled the garment from her and put it on
the table and then returned her hands protectively across her chest.

"Very good Alexis. Now please clasp your hands behind your head with
your elbows well back." Alex closed her eyes for a moment as she did as she
was asked. The position not only exposed her breasts but lifted them up and
out for presentation. Her long nipples betrayed her excitement, quickly
becoming hard and long. They even seemed darker in the reflection that
stared back at Alexis.

Alex was left to stand there for a couple of minutes as her mind ran rampant
imagining all the people who she was sure were watching.

Soon the anonymous voice returned with more instructions. "Please walk
forward until just your nipples are touching the mirror." Alex shuffled
forward as requested. The cool glass seemed to make her nipples even
harder. She was left like that for another couple of minutes before being told
to move back to the center of the small room.

"Your skirt now Alexis." said the voice and Alex let the blue skirt fall to her
ankles. This left her in only her white lace panties and she was sure they
would not stay on long.

They were next, leaving her completely naked. Alex looked at the mirror to
see her blond triangle uncovered at last and despite knowing it was hopeless,
she found her hands moving automatically to cover herself.

"Hands back behind your head please and keep your feet spread wide apart."
Alex had never felt so exposed and embarrassed in her life. The mirror kept
showing her the blush on her face as she bared all. Even though she couldn't
see anyone watching her, she felt their presence and, in a way, it was more
embarrassing to be watched by someone who you couldn't see.

"Bend over and touch your toes now Alexis." said the voice and Alex
blushed a deeper red as she bent to expose her pretty bottom to the
examiners.

Finally it was over. Alex was told to stand up and that in a moment the door
would open. She was to follow the corridor along until she was given further
instructions. The door opened without further ado and Alex walked out into
a large room. In front of her two waist high rails of the sort used to keep
people in lines at banks stretched out to form a corridor. Waiting on either
side of the rails were a man and a woman both wearing shorts and a T-shirt.
Alex also noticed that they were holding riding crops. She didn't have much
time to think about it because a moment later the woman had smacked
Alex's bottom with the crop with a wicked sting.

"Come on Alexis, move along the corridor, quickly now." The man and
woman had Alexis trotting along the rails for the 50 feet or so, encouraging
her with stinging slaps of the crops against her buttocks and thighs. At the
end of the "corridor" the rails ended and left Alex standing in a clear space
of the room.

There were a couple of people standing around but she wasn't given an
opportunity to wait.

The man and woman pulled her forward by her wrists to a low leather vault.
She was pulled forward until she was lying over the object with her breasts
hanging on the sides. Hands seemed to be holding her all at once as leather
straps were attached to her wrists, ankles and a collar around her neck. Her
wrists were fastened forward and her ankles pulled to the sides. Her knees
were flexed before tying her down to make sure that her buttocks parted to
expose her from the rear. Once bound, Alex was left for a moment. She was
helpless and a little scared, but more than anything she was excited. She felt
the warm leather beneath her and realized that the heat and wetness she was
feeling was from the last girl who was tied here only minutes before. The
thought turned Alexis on as nothing ever had. Her reverie was suddenly
interrupted by the sharp smack of a leather strap right across her bottom. The
strap fell again before Alex really felt the sting of the first smack.

The spanker let the strap fall over and over until Alex was having trouble
catching her breath and felt like her bottom was on fire. Finally it stopped.

The intense heat from her bottom seemed to go right through her and she felt
her whole body bathed in her own sweat. She heard her tormentor take a
step behind her and then felt his hand right between her legs. To her shock
she realized that she was dripping wet with excitement. "She's ready"
laughed the man who had just finished giving Alexis her first strapping.
Someone else walked over behind the young girl's spread legs. Alex
stretched her head around to see but only got enough of a glimpse of the
person to realize it was a woman.

Alex felt the cool touch of the woman's fingers next as they trailed down the
small of her back and down her crack. They paused at her rear crinkled
opening and Alex held her breath for a moment. Her anus was her most
sensitive spot. She had never let anyone before Chuck touch her there but
Chuck had managed to turn her on to being teased and opened from behind.
The tip of one finger pushed gently at her tight anus and then left it. A
moment later, the finger returned.

Now it was cold and slippery. Lubricant, realized Alex.

The tip of the woman's finger slid in easily and Alex let out a gasp despite
herself as the finger teased the young girl's rear opening. After a minute or
two of teasing the finger suddenly plunged deep all the way into Alex's
bottom causing her to gasp again and pull at her leather bonds. The finger
was insistent pulling out only to add lubricant and push in again even more
deeply, twisting slightly to add to Alex's stimulation. The finger started
moving in and out in rhythmic motion and Alex started to rock back and
forth, now trying to impale herself even more deeply on the penetrating
finger rather than avoid it.

The finger pulled out quite suddenly and Alex continued to rock trying
desperately to press her vulva into the leather but to no avail. The next touch
at her anus was something Alex had never experienced before. It felt just
like the plastic of her dildo at home and she knew that the object, whatever it
was, was destined for her bottom. She moaned softly as the tip of the object
was nudged inside her. It was not as large as Alex feared and she could
accommodate it quite easily.

The tip of the anal intruder pushed in and out each time going just a little bit
deeper. At one point, the plastic object was held in Alex and she felt a little
more lubricant being added to the stretched ring of her anus. Then the
pressure continued and she felt what felt like a bulge in the dildo press
against her.

Her sphincter muscle tried to keep the bulge out but the woman's finger
were unrelenting and Alex finally relaxed herself enough to let the bulge
pass inside her. Her muscles clamped right down on it and tried to pull the
whole object deep into her body but a T-shaped handle at the end of the
rectal plug kept that from happening.

Alex had never felt such a range of sensations. The rectal plug was deep
inside her and she felt so full she dared not take a deep breath. Her bottom
was still hot and stinging. Her nipples refused to get soft and were aching
from being so hard and her pussy was dripping so much that she could feel a
trickle of her juices running down one thigh. As if in a daze, she felt the
leather straps being removed and her being pulled to her feet. Each
movement, no matter how infinitesimal, transferred directly to the plug
penetrating her bottom and to the sensitive nerve endings there. Before she
really knew what was happening, the man and the woman with the riding
crops were moving here along the room and out the door right into the open.
Alex wasn't given time to think about it, she just was moved along. Each
step caused the rectal plug to shift deep inside her belly. Alex found that she
couldn't concentrate on anything but the sensations there. Still, the stinging
smacks of the riding crop moved her along a grass trail for about 100 feet to
a small building.

They led her into the building and told her to stop. The man pulled a black
silk blindfold from his pocket and tied it over Alex's eyes. The loss of sight
only served to make Alex even more excited. Here she was, completely
naked with two strangers holding her arms. Not only that, but the sensations
of the rectal plug deep in her body kept reminding her constantly that the
control over even her most intimate openings was not her own.

Alex was led forward further into the building. She let the trainers maneuver
her into position and then followed their instructions to lean backwards and
to lie face up on some kind of bench or table that was about the height of her
waist. Her hands were pulled to the top of the table and fastened there thanks
to the leather straps still around her wrists. Her feet were lifted up and her
knees flexed. When her feet were placed in cool metal stirrups, she realized
that the table she was on was just like that at her doctor's office. Unlike her
visits to the doctor's, this time her ankles were tied to the stirrups so that she
could not escape. Even this was not enough as Alex felt her knees being
pulled gently but widely apart to be fastened with two more straps, these just
above her knees. She had never felt more helpless or vulnerable. Alex was
left to lie for a few moments while the people in the room moved about. She
strained her ears to hear what was happening but she could only guess at
what would come next.

Alex sensed rather than heard that there was someone between her legs. The
soft touch of fingertips at her knee made a shiver run up her spine. The
fingertips slid gently up her leg to the top of her thigh. Alex sighed softly as
she felt a gentle tug at her pubic hair. The fingers toyed with her hair and
Alex felt another gentle tug and then another. It was the sound of the
scissors that finally had her realize what was happening. Her pubic hair was
being cut off! The gentle hands were soft but quick and the soft curly blond
hair was soon cut off. Alex felt her blindfold being untied and a moment
later she blinked in the light as it was removed. The first image to hit her
was herself.

Above the table was a mirror that was so large that Alex could see all of
herself fastened to the table. She stared in fascination at the exposed woman
that was herself. Her hands were tied to the head of the examining table and
her pert young breasts were stretched tight against her body. Even in the
mirror she could see that her nipples were hard and distended. Her gaze
traveled down looking at her splayed legs and for a moment she just stared
at the leather straps holding her ankles up and wide apart. Alex could just
see the tip of the rectal plug that penetrated her bottom. Between her legs
was another young woman and right in front of her was Alex's pussy with
the now short pubic hair almost invisible. The woman was looking at Alex
and Alex had to tear her eyes from the mirror to look back at her.

"We're going to remove the rest of your pubic hair now." she said smiling.
"This is to protect you from the depilatory." The woman was holding up a
jar of Vaseline. Alex watched in the mirror, captivated by the view as the
woman dipped her fingers into the jar and applied the jelly to Alex's
sensitive inner pussy lips. Alex closed her eyes and moaned softly again as
the woman pulled at her pink inner lips to apply the Vaseline. Next came the
depilatory cr me and as soon as it was applied, the woman got up to wait for
it to take effect. Alex just kept staring at herself getting more and more
turned on as she wondered what it would be like to have no pubic hair. She
didn't have long to wait to find out.

The woman returned after several minutes and with a warm washcloth,
removed the cr me and with it, the last covering that Alex had. Her puffed
out pussy lips came into view and Alex blushed as they were revealed. As
soon as the last of the cr me was gone, the woman rubbed some pre-warmed
oil into the freshly smooth pubis. The sight her own slit now uncovered for
viewing made Alex feel like a little girl. She had never felt so submissive
and so helpless.

Her handlers untied her straps and pulled her to her feet. Alex's hands
moved down to cover herself but her wrists were soon refastened behind her
back. They pulled her forward to the door but for the first time, Alex felt
really naked.

She was embarrassed that her smooth pussy would be seen by anyone. It
made no sense, but she balked at going outside. The woman chuckled. "It's
the same for everyone the first time Alexis, now get moving." With a smack
from the riding crop on her already sensitive bottom, Alex jumped forward
and was moved to the next building.

Once inside the large building, she was blindfolded again before being led
into the next room. This time she felt her hands being tied in front of her. A
moment later what must have been a rope was pulling her wrists straight up
toward the ceiling. The rope stopped when she was stretched up. Now her
legs were spread wide apart and fastened to the floor so that she was
completely helpless once again. The position had the rectal plug push
slightly deeper into her and Alex tried to shift to make it move out a little.
Unfortunately, she couldn't really move at all and the rectal plug stayed
lodged deep in her body.

Now Alex felt fingers at her breasts stroking her and she moaned softly. She
was so turned on that she knew that her pussy was soaking. She could not
see it but her pussy lips were now glistening with her own juices. The
fingers grasped both of her nipples and pulled on them, first gently then
harder. Alex jutted her breasts forward trying to relieve the tension on her
over-stimulated nipples.

The fingers were relentless as they pulled her thick nipples just a little
harder. Alex was breathing in short ragged breaths by the time her nipples
were released. She knew that if this kept up, she would not be able to help
having an orgasm right in front of these strangers. Now the fingers returned
to her nipples and Alex felt first one then the other being pinched. She
couldn't decipher the feeling at first, then she realized that her nipples were
trapped by nipple clips. Alex had never had such devices used on her but she
had seen Chuck's pictures of them. The pinching clips were attached to
strings that were tied in front of her thus pulling her nipples straight out in
front of her. Alex felt someone behind her who now moved up so that their
body touched hers.

She realized that it was a woman and that they were completely naked too!
The warm breasts of the woman pressed into Alex's back and Alex felt her
reach around to Alex's pussy. The woman's gentle fingers grasped her pussy
lips and pulled them wide apart, opening Alex's inner pussy up to whoever
was in front of her. The touch of something at Alex's pussy made her jump.
Her whole body was now just a mass of sensations. What seemed to be the
tip of a dildo nudged itself into Alex's soaking pussy and started moving
slowly in and out.

Each stroke brought the artificial phallus deeper and Alex found that she was
unable to stop moving back and forth in rhythm to the penetration. The
woman behind her reached around and took control of the dildo. Alexis was
moaning openly now. She knew that with all of this, she wouldn't be able to
hold herself back any longer. The woman pushed the dildo deep into Alexis
and suddenly the dildo seemed to come alive. The woman had turned it on
and it started humming and vibrating deep inside Alexis.

The anal plug was also now turned on and Alexis felt herself start to buck
back and forth, helpless to stop herself from thrashing and moaning at the
sensations. Her blindfold was pulled from her and she looked out to see
about fifteen people sitting in easy chairs all watching her as she was about
to come.

Right in the front of the group was her boyfriend Chuck. The sight of all of
them was too much. With a cry Alex felt her orgasm start deep in her belly.
She felt her whole body clench up. Her pussy grabbed the vibrating dildo
hard and she felt herself thrash backward. As her anus clenched up, she felt
the vibrating butt plug holding her open. The woman reached down to rub
Alex's hard protruding clitoris and Alex cried out loud. The woman behind
her was an expert and Alex's orgasm seemed to last forever. Wave after
wave of it washed over her.

Just when she was sure that it was all over, the woman would touch her
again.

She would pull at the anal plug or push hard at the vibrating dildo. Pulling at
her hard nipples or sliding a wet finger across her clit would have Alexis
start all over again. It no longer mattered to Alexis that she was on display
and she kept cumming until she just couldn't anymore.

Finally, exhausted, she felt the dildo and the rectal plug being pulled from
her. Her nipple clips were removed and she felt her nipples tingle as blood
rushed back into them. The woman behind her leaned over and put her
mouth right up to Alex's ear. "I hope you enjoyed your first day, there's lots
more to come."




55 Alicia's Descent into Submission

Chapter 1: Alicia is Bound for the First Time

The alarm went off promptly at 7 am and from under the covers a hand
snaked out to turn it off. Then, almost reluctantly, the hand pushed the
covers down to reveal the tousled blond hair of a very pretty girl. Alicia
opened her eyes and stretched.

"Mmmmmmm, Friday", she said to herself.

She was tempted to just roll over and go back to sleep but she knew that she
had to get right away if she was going to make it to work on time. Stretching
once more like a cat languishing in a ray of sunshine, Alicia rolled herself
out of bed. As usually, she had been sleeping in the nude and so it was a
naked image of herself that greeted her in the full length mirror in her
bedroom. Alicia reached her hands up toward the ceiling and watched as her
firm breasts were pulled upward. She stretched right up on tiptoe and then
grinned at herself, "Good morning you sexy devil. Now get into a shower!"

The petite blond scuttled into the bathroom and a moment later, the sound of
the shower could be heard as she began to get ready for work. By 7:30,
Alicia was showered and dressed. Today, she was in a tight leather skirt and
a white silk blouse. The blouse was thin enough that she could easily make
out the pattern of the lacy camisole she had put under it. Her breasts were
firm enough that a bra was not required and she rarely wore one. Tonight
was her date with her boyfriend Jeffrey and she knew she's probably not
have time to come back to change. Alicia took another look at herself in the
mirror and then decided on one last change. She quickly pulled off her skirt
and pantyhose and began digging through her lingerie drawer. It didn't take
long to find what she was looking for. The black garter belt and the seemed
stockings were perfect. "Jeffrey will love these." she thought to herself as
she pulled the black leather skirt back up her long tanned legs. No one could
tell that she was wearing stockings instead of pantyhose but she would know
and the thought of the sexy underthings made her shiver with anticipation.
With a glance at her watch Alicia grabbed her things and dashed for the
door. The bus was just pulling up as Alicia arrived at the bus stop. By 8:30
she was at her desk at the Voyager Insurance Company where she had been
the receptionist for almost a year now. The morning passed quickly and
before she knew it, lunchtime had arrived. Alicia picked up her purse and
headed downstairs. As usual, Alicia was meeting her girlfriend Janet at the
delicatessen for lunch. Janet was already there by the time she arrived.
Although Janet was also very pretty, her looks were a sharp contrast to
Alicia's. She was about 5'7" with flaming red hair that was now curly. Her
figure was long and lean where Alicia was petite. Both girls had great
figures. In fact, Alicia and Janet had met at an aerobics class two years
before and had instantly become close friends. Janet's most striking feature
were her bright green eyes that were set off by her red hair perfectly.

"Hi" said Janet as Alicia settled down at the table. "Boy, you look dressed to
kill. Are you planning to take advantage of Jeffrey tonight?"

Alicia giggled, "Are you kidding, I even wore my 'fuck-me' pumps." She
said, showing off her high-heels. "They'd better live up to their name."

Now it was Janet's turn to giggle. "Is he that good?"

"Mmmmm", smiled Alicia, "last week he spent almost two hours giving me
an all-over body massage with warm oil. When he had me slippery in every
nook and cranny, he went down on me and drove me right up the wall!"

Janet sighed, "I wish I could find a guy that cares about me like that. All the
dates I get seem to be losers."

"You'll find somebody." said Alicia "You must meet all kinds of men at the
clinic."

Janet worked at the local medical clinic as a nurse. "Go out with a patient? I
don't think so."

The girls chatted over lunch before going back to work. "Have a good time
tonight" smiled Janet. Alicia laughed, "I'll tell you all about it tomorrow.
Jeff promised me a surprise tonight."

The afternoon passed slowly for Alicia. Her eyes seemed to stray to the
clock on the wall every few minutes. At about 4 o'clock Jeffrey called her.

"Hi sweetheart. Are you ready for our date?"

"You bet." Alicia murmured, "When do I find out about my surprise?"

Jeffrey laughed "When it's time. Shall I pick you up at your office?"

"Sure" said Alicia "I'm already dressed to go out."

"Great I'll see you at 5:30 then."

At 5:30 exactly, Jeffrey's Mercedes pulled into the Voyager parking lot.
Alicia jumped in and they were soon on their way out of town on the
freeway.

"Where are we going?" asked Alicia.

"To a great little Italian restaurant just out of the city." replied Jeffrey.

He reached out to stroke Alicia's stockinged thigh and Alicia put her hand
over his. "I have a surprise for you too." she said.

"Oh?" asked Jeffrey.

Alicia gently pulled Jeff's right hand up her thigh, pushing back her leather
skirt until his hand reached the top of her stocking and was resting on the
warm flesh of her upper thigh.

"Mmmm" said Jeffrey, raising his eyebrows. "No panties either?"

Alicia felt his hand push further up, toward her lace panties but she pushed it
back down her leg.

"You'll just have to wait and see." she said teasingly.

The restaurant was, as promised, beautiful and both Jeffrey and Alicia
thoroughly enjoyed the fine cuisine. Alicia kept asking about her surprise
but Jeffrey wouldn't tell her. It would be the most exciting thing she had
ever experienced he promised. His teasing aroused Alicia and by the time
they were sipping an after dinner drink, she was both hot and anxious to go
home.

"So, tell me," said Jeffrey in a low voice, "Are you wearing panties under
that leather skirt?"

Alicia giggled "Yes" she said "And they're very sexy too."

Jeffrey smiled. There was something about the way that he looked at her that
made Alicia blush. It was like he could see right through her.

"Take them off Alicia." he said.

Alicia's eyes widened a little at the suggestion. What the hell, she thought as
she pushed herself back from the table.

"I think I'll go powder my nose." she said while giving him a devilish smile.

Within a couple of minutes she was back. "All done." she whispered as she
sat back down. The feeling of being naked under her skirt was amazingly
erotic. It was one of the most daring things she'd ever done. It was to be far
surpassed before the evening was over.

Jeffrey smiled again "Good girl. Now give them to me."

Alicia's eyes were wide as she stared at Jeffrey's outstretched hand.

"Give them to me." He repeated quietly. Jeffrey's eyes never left hers as
Alicia felt inside her purse for the pink lace panties. Crumpling them up into
a tight ball in her fist, she reached over and gave them to Jeffrey. Alicia felt
a hot blush cover her face as she realized that he would immediately feel that
they were damp from her own juices.

Jeffrey stood up and reached for Alicia with his empty hand. "Come." he
said "It's time to go. You won't be needing these." Alicia watched him
reach out and drop her panties on the table as he pulled her toward the door.
She had never felt so embarrassed in her life and yet, at the same time, she
had never felt hotter in her life. Once out in the car, Jeffrey opened her door
for her and helped her into the car. As soon as she was sitting he shook his
head.

"No, I want you sitting with your bare bottom on the seat. Lift your skirt
until you can do that."

Alicia felt herself lifting her skirt as though in a dream. She had no idea why
she was obeying him but she felt good about doing it. The cool leather of the
seat was shocking to her hot wet slit. She wondered what other requests
she'd be accepting before the night was over.

Jeffrey pulled the car out onto the freeway and headed back to the city. Each
car they passed made Alicia feel even more naked. Even though she knew
they couldn't see into her lap, she felt as though they could. Jeffrey didn't
make it any easier when he pulled her hands from her lap and made her keep
herself uncovered. Alicia kept waiting for Jeffrey to reach over and play
with her exposed pussy but he didn't. It seemed enough that she had put it
on display for him. It was quite late by the time Jeffrey's car pulled into the
car park of his condo. He came around to her side to open the door and held
out his hand to help her out of the car. When they got into the elevator,
Jeffrey had another surprise for her. Alicia looked down to see him holding a
black silk scarf in his hands.

"Close your eyes." he said.

Alicia closed her eyes and felt his gentle hands tying the scarf over her eyes.
The effect was immediate. She had never felt so helpless or vulnerable in her
life. What if someone saw her she wondered. A pretty blond girl in her sexy
and revealing clothes wearing a blindfold. What would they think? She
heard the elevator doors open and Jeffrey's grip on her arm led her forward
into the corridor. Suddenly Alicia realized that she didn't even know if this
was Jeffrey's floor. What did he have planned, she wondered. Alicia heard
the sound of a door being opened and then she was led into the room. Jeffrey
walked her forward slowly until she felt she was in the middle of the room.
Jeffrey's hand left her and she heard him moving a few feet in front of her.
She was left standing in the middle of the room wondering what would be
next.

"Take off your blouse Ali." said Jeffrey.

Alicia reached up for the buttons on her blouse. She hesitated for a moment
as she thought occurred to her that Jeffrey might not even be alone. With
this blindfold on, there might be a dozen people in the room and she'd never
know. She knew she could just reach up and take on the silk blindfold but
for some reason, she was more excited with it on. Her hands trembled a little
as she unbuttoned the first button of her blouse. Alicia let the white silk
blouse fall to the floor leaving her in her skirt and camisole.

"Now the camisole Ali."

Alicia took a deep breath and then carefully pulled the cami over her head
making sure she didn't dislodge the blindfold. She let the lace covering drop
on top of her blouse and then felt her arms naturally reach up to cover her
breasts. Alicia heard Jeffrey get up out of the chair in front of her and move
toward her. His hands gently took hers and pulled them up and back until
they were behind her head. Alicia obediently clasped her hands behind her
head and let Jeffrey position her elbows slightly further back. The effect of
this position was not lost on Alicia who felt her breasts pulling up as though
for inspection. Her nipples which were easily aroused anyway, stiffened
until they were sticking out to their full 1/2 inch length. For some strange
reason, this embarrassed Alicia more than being topless and exposed. That
Jeffrey now knew that she was aroused seemed to make Ali feel even more
vulnerable. She heard Jeff move again to the easy chair that was a few feet
in front of her. She went to lower her hands but Jeff stopped her.

"No, stay like that. I like you like that."

Alicia blushed under her blindfold as she obediently stayed still, on display
for her boyfriend. Finally he let her lower her arms. "Now take off your skirt
Alicia." he said.

Ali felt her hands trembling as she pulled the zipper of the black leather skirt
down her side. The skirt fell to her ankles and Alicia stepped out of it.

"Hands back behind your head, if you please." said Jeff.

Alicia clasped her hands back behind her head, letting Jeffrey enjoy the sight
of her now almost naked body. She couldn't see herself but she imagined the
sight and the thought made her even more aroused. Alicia imagined fantasy
after fantasy of what might happen next. She pictured herself as a harem
slave in the desert, positioned to please her master. She imagined that there
were many people in the room, examining her or that perhaps, she was a
slave girl, on auction to the highest bidder. Alicia got so caught up in her
thoughts that she didn't even hear Jeff get up and move toward her. His
touch, when it came, had her gasp with surprise. All of a sudden, the tips of
his fingers were rolling her tight nipples, squeezing gently.

"Are you ready for an adventure?" he whispered.

"Oh yes" breathed Alicia.

"Good" said Jeff "Will you obey my instructions?"

Alicia swallowed "Yes Sir" she said.

Jeffrey smiled at the reply. "Lower your arms" he said.

Alicia felt his hands take hers and lead her forward again. This time, the
route seemed to take them toward the bedroom. Once inside the room,
Jeffrey paused for a moment and then Alicia felt an unusual sensation. Jeff
was putting a wrist band of some kind around her wrists. They seemed soft
and comfortable but strong at the same time. The straps were about two
inches wide and Jeff fastened them snugly around each wrist. Ali felt her
wrists pulled toward Jeff again and then she heard a clicking sound. The
sound must have been a clip of some kind because now, she could feel that
her wrists were attached together.

Jeffrey moved the petite blond over to the bed and gently lay her on her
back. Alicia felt her hands being pulled toward the head of the bed and then
another click fastened them to a rope or strap of some kind at the headboard.
Alicia was now blindfolded, naked and bound and she had never been more
turned on in her life. She felt Jeff's hands trail down her ribcage, move
across her belly and then down along her stockinged thighs. Alicia let her
knees fall open for him, hoping that he'd touch her there next but he did not.

The teasing went on for a while. First her belly, then the inside of her thighs,
then up to her breasts to tug at the rock hard nipples. Alicia started to moan.
She was dying to have Jeff take her but still he did not.

"Oh God..." she said, "I am so hot. Fuck me."

"Beg me like a little slave girl." whispered Jeff.

By this time Alicia was willing to do anything if only Jeff would let her
come.

"Oh please, please touch me, please let me come, Pleeeeaaaaassseee."

Jeff hands slid lower until his fingertips were touching her soaking pussy
lips. Very, very slowly he grasped the edges of her pink inner lips and pulled
them toward him and then wide apart, leaving her pussy and clit open and
exposed.

Alicia felt Jeff's hot breath at her pussy a moment before his tongue. The tip
of Jeff's tongue touched the tip of her clit and Ali jumped as though she'd
had an electric shock. She cried out and moaned as he sucked her into her
mouth and then lashed his tongue back and forth across her over-stimulated
clitoris. Alicia could not last long with this kind of treatment. She felt the
beginnings of an orgasm start deep inside her belly and her feet pushed her
pussy up into her boyfriend. Jeff's hands reached up along her side and each
grasped one of her elongated nipples between thumb and forefinger. He
pulled them up slowly but strongly until Alicia felt her breasts being pulled
by the nipples up. The sensation was too much for her. She cried out again
and again as her whole body contracted in a huge orgasm. She felt herself as
though from a distance tugging helplessly at her bonds as Jeff's tongue slid
up and down and across her hot and hard clit. Just when she was sure that it
was over, a new wave would crash over her and she'd come all over again. It
was an eternity of pleasure. Finally, it was over. Alicia was covered in sweat
and her own juices. She was limp. She had no strength left to move. She felt
Jeffrey undoing the wrist straps and finally her blindfold. She looked up into
his deep blue eyes and smiled.

"That was the best. The best ever. No one has ever made me come like that."

Jeffrey smiled back at her. "Would you like to have more adventures like
that one?"

"Are you kidding? Of course."

"Do you understand that you'd have to obey me. I might ask more of you
than you expect to give. You'll have to trust me absolutely."

"I trust you and I'll.... obey you." she said finally.

"Good girl." said Jeff "Now go to sleep. There will be many more
adventures to come starting tomorrow."

Chapter 2: Alicia submits to Jeffrey

It had been almost a month since Alicia's first foray into the exciting world
of dominance and submission and she had Jeffrey had enjoyed adventure
after adventure. Alicia had found a whole new level of excitement in
surrendering herself totally to her lover's desires. Just putting on a blindfold
was now enough to cause her pussy to literally drip with excitement. Jeffrey
had tied Alicia in a number of different positions each more exposing than
the last. She had enjoyed being bound to her bed on her back with her hands
fastened to the headboard and her ankles spread to the bottom corners. A
variation on this had Jeffrey bend her knees and tied them wide apart to the
sides of the bed thus opening her slit wide apart.

One night Jeffrey had blindfolded her and had tied her standing with her
hands pulled toward the ceiling. Her ankles were also tied wide apart. It had
been her favorite position so far. Standing there with her breasts pointing
proudly forward, she had imagined herself on display as though at a slave
auction from a bygone era. Jeffrey had left her like that for quite a while and
had brought all of her senses to a fever pitch by slowly and gently rubbing
warm oil over her entire helpless body. He had finally taken her, still
standing, until they both cried out in orgasm. Alicia had come so powerfully
that she had hung weakly in her bonds, quivering as tears streamed down her
face.

Last weekend, Jeffrey had put her in what was, by far, the position that
Alicia felt most vulnerable in. On Saturday night at his home, Jeffrey had
blindfolded her and then undressed her completely. He led her into the living
room until she felt the cold leather of the back of his easy chair touch her
thighs. Jeffrey had attached the, by now familiar, straps to her wrists and
then gently pushed her forward until she was bent double with her head
touching the seat. Jeffrey had tied her wrists to the forward arms of the chair
and then spread her feet and fastened her ankles wide apart. He had left her
like that for a long time before finally touching her and by the time he did
Alicia was soaked.

She had imagined what she must look like from her boyfriend's vantage
point. Her long tanned legs were stretched tight down and wide apart. Alicia
could feel a faint breeze between her opened thighs and knew that Jeffrey
had a perfect view of her dark pussy from behind. She was sure that he
would be able to see her juices on her puffed out slit. Alicia had pictured
herself in Jeffrey's position and realized that her bottom was stretched tight
across the leather chair and the her buttocks were opened wide apart
exposing her anus. Alicia felt herself tremble as she wondered if Jeffrey
planned to touch her there.

Alicia had always considered that part of her anatomy to be private and had
never let any of her lovers touch her there. She was somehow embarrassed
when even she touched her herself. It was kind of naughty to finger her
bottom but whenever she did it was the most exciting thing ever. Now, here
she was, bent over, helplessly exposing her bottom to her lover. Jeffrey's
hands had finally touched her. Starting at her ankles and trailing up the
backs of her calves to her knees and then up along the insides of her thighs
to her dark, dusky bush now wet with her own juices. Alicia shivered with
delight as she remembered how Jeffrey's fingers slid down from the small of
her back through the valley between her buttocks. Alicia had gasped as his
fingers had crossed the sensitive opening of her anus. Alicia still wasn't sure
if she was disappointed or thankful that he hadn't lingered there. The sex
that night, with Jeffrey taking her while she was still bent over the chair, was
the best ever.

That had been last Saturday and now, here it was Friday morning and Alicia
hadn't seen Jeffrey since. Each night when they talked, Jeffrey promised to
outdo himself next time.

"When?" had asked Alicia.

"When it's time." had said Jeffrey with a smile.

Alicia had waited anxiously each night for Jeffrey to start an 'adventure,'
but each night their talk was pleasant but decidedly asexual.

Alicia was getting ready for work when the phone rang.

"Hi." said Jeff "Are you ready for an adventure?"

Alicia giggled "Yes Sir."

"Good girl." said Jeffrey "Have you dressed for work yet?"

"Not yet." replied Alicia.

"Okay I want you to dress in a short white skirt. Wear the pleated one that
goes about half-way to your knees. Wear the pale blue cotton blouse with it.
Pick out a pair of heels too. Oh, and there's to be no other clothing; no
panties, no bra, no stockings, nothing. Plan to spend your lunch hour at my
office. Take a cab so that you're there by 12:15. Any questions?"

"No."

"Good. See you later then."

Alicia pulled the clothes Jeffrey had asked for out of the closet and jumped
into a quick shower. As she dressed, she could feel her excitement building.
She was sure she'd be soaking wet by lunchtime. 'What would he do to her
this time?' she wondered, 'Would he tie her up in his office?'

What excited Alicia most is that she had no idea what would be demanded
of her just that she would have to obey him. The morning at work seemed
interminable.

Alicia kept looking at the clock and willing it to go faster. Finally noon
arrived and Alicia was out of the building and into a waiting cab by 12:01.

During the 10-minute ride she thought over and over again about what might
happen. She felt her heat rise as possibility after possibility ran through her
mind. Alicia paid the driver and hurried into the tall office building where
Jeffrey worked. A few moments later, Ali exited an elevator on the 18th
floor.

Jeffrey's office was down the corridor. Alicia took a deep breath before
opening the door and walking in.

As usual, Jeffrey's receptionist Kathy was in the lobby. Kathy and Alicia
had met a number of times. Kathy smiled as she walked in.

"Hello Alicia. Jeffrey said to give this to you and to have you wait for him in
his office."

The pretty young receptionist handed Alicia a large envelope. Alicia looked
down and saw the word 'Instructions' printed on the envelope in Jeffrey's
handwriting. She looked up to see a knowing smile on Kathy's face. Alicia
blushed a deep red in embarrassment as she realized that Kathy now knew
that she was submissive.

Alicia quickly moved into Jeffrey's spacious office and closed the door
behind her with a sigh of relief. Jeffrey's office was luxuriously furnished.
His large oak desk was at one end. At the other end were a small conference
table and a small sofa. The office was covered with wall-to-wall carpeting.
Alicia sat down at the conference table and opened the envelope. Inside
were a black silk scarf and a letter. Alicia's heart quickened as she picked up
the note.

Jeffrey's instructions were simple and to the point. Alicia was to remove all
of her clothes immediately. She would then stand in the middle of the room
and put on the blindfold. Then she was to stand with her feet apart and her
hands clasped behind her head until she was given further instructions.

Alicia's face was flushed by the time she finished the letter. Just the idea of
taking off all of her clothes in Jeffrey's office was terrifying but to do so in
the middle of the day with Kathy right outside the door, that was even
scarier.

Alicia was pretty sure it would be Jeffrey who would come in, but there was
not even a guarantee of that. As Alicia stood up she realized that, as scary as
these instructions were, they were also exciting. She felt her pussy tingling
with her own juices.

Alicia's hands shook slightly as she undid the first button of her blouse. It
only took a moment before the blouse and skirt tumbled to the floor leaving
Alicia completely nude. She moved to the center of the room and carefully
put on the blindfold. Instantly Alicia's hearing doubled in sensitivity. She
clasped her hands behind her head and waited for someone to come in. Her
ears strained to identify the sounds outside of the door. The wait was only a
couple of minutes but it seemed like an hour. Each time Alicia heard Kathy
move around out in the lobby, she would hold her breath and pray she
wouldn't wander in with a memo or something.

The sound of the door opening finally came. Alicia felt her whole body
tense. It seemed to take forever for the door to close and all that time Alicia
knew she was perfectly visible to whoever might be looking in from the
lobby. Alicia let out a small sigh of relief when it finally closed.

Was it Jeffrey who was now in the room? Even if it was, did he come in
alone? Alicia listened intently as someone slowly walked all around her. She
felt her nipples betraying her excitement as they stood to attention under the
gaze of her admirer. Very lightly, fingertips touched the underside of her
breast and slid upward to her now tight nipples. The fingers left her and then
touched her again, this time sliding from the small of her back, tracing the
crack between her buttocks. Alicia let out a breath that she realized she had
been holding for ages. The fingertips touched here and there, each time
making Alicia hotter and wetter. Finally she heard Jeffrey's voice.

"You're awfully hot, my little sex slave."

"Oh God... you have no idea." replied Alicia.

Jeffrey's fingers moved up and grasped Alicia left nipple firmly. With a
small tug, he pulled Alicia forward. She had no choice but to follow him. In
tiny steps, Alicia let herself be led forward, the tugging on her nipples
guiding her forward until she felt the cool sensation of Jeffrey's leather seat
on her thighs. From the height Alicia guessed that she was standing directly
behind the sofa facing forward. The fingers left her nipples and moved
upward to grasp her wrists.

Her wrists were pulled forward until Alicia felt herself being pulled down
across the back of the sofa. She bent forward until her head rested on the
sofa back. Leather straps around her wrists fastened her hands pulling
forward toward the front of the sofa. Her now sensitive nipples just touched
the cool leather of the sofa back.

Alicia heard Jeffrey walk behind her and felt him attach leather straps to her
ankles also. Her feet were pulled gently wide apart until her hips rested fully
at the top of the sofa back. Her feet were also fastened in this position.

Alicia's breathing had quickened during the whole procedure and she knew
she was soaking wet with excitement. She imagined the scene as it must
appear for Jeffrey. There she was, bent over the back of his leather sofa, her
legs spread and her bottom pulled tight from the position she was in. She
knew that from his vantage point he had a perfect view of her pussy from the
rear. She was sure that with all the excitement her pussy lips must be puffed
out and swollen. She tried to imagine the view from the rear and realized
suddenly that her anus must be perfectly exposed also. That part of her that
was so private was now completely exposed to Jeffrey once again. She knew
that Jeffrey was standing or sitting right behind her, enjoying the view. She
wondered what he would do next.

Jeffrey moved closer to Alicia. She felt his hands stroke gently upward and
come to rest with one on each buttock. His thumbs slid slowly inward then
gently pried Alicia's bottom wide open stretching her anus tight. Alicia had
never been so embarrassed. She tried to clench her cheeks but in this bent-
over position it was impossible. She felt Jeffrey blowing gently across her
sensitive anus and shivered as she wondered what he might do to her. Jeffrey
held her like that for what seemed ages before letting go. She heard him
walk over to his desk and then the sound of a jar or container opening.
Jeffrey's footsteps moved back behind Alicia and she held her breath in
anticipation.

The touch of Jeffrey's fingertip directly on the center of Alicia's anus was
cold. Alicia gasped. Jeffrey had covered his finger in Vaseline and now he
teased her rear opening, circling the center slowly. Alicia held her breath
again, knowing what must come next. Jeffrey's penetration of her bottom
came a fraction of an inch at a time. In and out, each push a little deeper
until finally his finger was embedded in her fully and Alicia was gasping
with excitement.

Jeffrey chuckled "You like that do you?" he asked. "Well you're going to
like it more because as soon as I get home tonight I'm going to take your
anal cherry.

Between now and then I'm going to leave your bottom slippery for me and
you are not going to touch yourself.

"You're to be home by 5:30 and when you get in I want you to strip
completely and go to the bedroom. You're going to put on the blindfold and
get on the bed.

I want you on your knees with your ass facing the doorway. You'll spread
your knees wide apart then bend over until your head touches the bedspread.
Then I want you to reach back and hold your buttocks wide apart for my
inspection.

You'll stay like that until you're told otherwise. Now, do you understand all
your instructions?"

All this time Jeffrey's finger had been sliding gently in and out of Alicia's
tight bottom, twisting slowly as it did. Alicia's voice trembled with
excitement as she answered her lover.

"Oh yes."

"Yes what?" asked Jeffrey softly.

"Yes Sir" replied Alicia.

Jeffrey's finger pulled slowly from Alicia's upturned bottom and despite
herself, Ali felt her anal muscles pulling to hold him in. A few quick
moments later Alicia found herself untied and the blindfold removed. Jeffrey
was smiling at her.

"Now put on your dress and get back to the office. Remember what's going
to happen tonight."

"How can I forget?" grinned Alicia as she pulled on her dress.

As she left the office, Kathy smiled knowingly at her again and Alicia felt
the heat of her embarrassment rise to her face.

The afternoon at the office was a write-off. Alicia couldn't keep her mind on
anything but the feeling of Jeffrey's finger in her bottom and the thought of
what awaited her at home.

Alicia made fast time getting home and arrived by 5:30. Not wanting to
wait, she quickly stripped off her clothes and hung them up. With a quick
look at her watch, she figured she could spend 5 minutes in a shower and did
so. By 5:30 exactly, Alicia was in her bedroom, naked and on the bed. She
got herself into position and put on the blindfold. As usual the blindfold had
her get even more excited. Spreading her knees wide apart, she bent over
and rested her head on the bed. Alicia reached back and grasped her buttocks
and pulled them open. She felt even more vulnerable than she had at the
office. Just the idea that she was holding herself open in this obscene
position for her lover to 'inspect' her was the most naughty thing she had
ever done.

Alicia didn't have to wait long. After about 5 minutes she heard the front
door open. The door closed after a moment and she waited for her lover to
come into her room to discover her. She felt her anticipation build. What
would happen? she wondered. Where would he touch her first? The thoughts
of what might happen next ran through her mind as fast as she could think of
them. She knew her pussy was now soaking wet. She could feel each slight
draft of air as it passed over her wetness. Alicia strained her ears trying to
hear the sounds of Jeffrey entering her room. Each minute seemed like hours
and all Alicia could hear was the sound of her own heartbeat racing a mile-a-
minute.

The touch directly at the center of Alicia's anus was a shock and surprise.
She gasped out loud as the tip of a finger circled the center of her rosebud. It
was cold and slippery. Alicia was sure it was covered with even more
lubricant. The finger moved in a minute circular motion, teasing the
sensitive opening. It only took a moment and Alicia's bottom began moving
with the motion of the finger, undulating almost obscenely despite herself.
The finger paused for a moment, waiting directly in the center of the
opening and Alicia held her breath. It was as though time was suspended,
waiting for the next movement. When it came, a moment later, it was a long
firm movement. Jeffrey's forefinger slid fully into Alicia's bottom until it
was embedded to the third knuckle. Alicia gasped and arched her back at the
sensation of his finger penetrating her.

The finger pulled out slowly only to be thrust back in again. Alicia couldn't
believe the sensations. She had never imagined she could get so hot from
being touched there. Her pussy was soaking wet and burning hot. Again
Jeffrey's finger withdrew and then plunged into her. This time Alicia
couldn't stifle a moan at the feeling.

The finger pulled from her slowly and Jeffrey felt Alicia's anal muscles pull
in a vain attempt to keep his finger inside her. Jeffrey smiled as he watched
her sphincter clench down on him. Her breathing was coming in short
ragged breaths now and he knew that if he kept up the violation of her
bottom any longer, she would come from that sensation alone.

Alicia whimpered softly as his finger pulled from her. Alicia waited, her
back arched slightly. She knew that the position left her bottom pushed up
and in her submissive position, she imagined how she must look, her bottom
and pussy offered from behind to her dominant lover. She waited quietly for
whatever Jeffrey had planned next. She did not have to wait long. Jeffrey's
fingers began sliding up her thigh, moving slowly closer and closer to her
wetness. He cupped her mound gently with one hand and began stroking her
pussy lips lengthwise.

Alicia waited for him to take her there but Jeffrey had other plans.

One finger began stroking the length of her slit, moving her juices up and
across her engorged clitoris. Alicia moaned at the feeling. Suddenly, Alicia
felt her anus being touched again. The feeling was cold, lubricant again she
guessed. The object at her rear passage was not a finger she quickly realized
it was too hard. What was it?

The plastic plug pushed slowly into her, opening her already slippery
bottom. As the plug was inserted, Alicia felt it getting wider and wider. Her
breathing became ragged, short sharp breaths as the plastic intruder violated
her rectum.

Suddenly the widest part pushed past her sphincter and the plug became very
narrow quickly. Her muscles pulled the plastic up into her, filling her bottom
with it. The narrowest portion was kept from being pulled in by a T-handle
that was now lodged against her anus. This meant that her anus was also
kept open.

Alicia felt her stomach muscles ripple in the beginnings of an orgasm and
her anus clamped down hard on the plastic plug. All it would take would be
one tiny movement of the plug or Jeffrey's finger on her clit and she would
be over the edge but Jeffrey wouldn't let her yet.

"Oh Please." whimpered Alicia.

"Please what?" grinned Jeffrey.

"Please let me come."

"When I'm ready. Now be a good little girl for me and don't move until I
tell you."

"Yes Sir" whispered Alicia as she concentrated on not coming.

Jeffrey moved back and sat down, enjoying the sight of Alicia's quivering
body as she tried to keep herself from going over the edge. He was sure
she'd never been more sexually stimulated in her life. He waited until she
had calmed down somewhat before getting up again.

Alicia felt she was now more under control but the first touch of Jeffrey on
the plastic plug in her bottom was as though it was an electric shock! She
cried out at the feeling and arched her back again as he twisted it slowly
inside of her.

His fingers grasped the plug and moved it in and out in minute movements.

Jeffrey started to pull the plug from her and Alicia thought she would faint.

Her pussy gushed more of her juices and she knew that her thighs were
soaked with them. She couldn't stop moaning and whimpering as the object
was slowly pulled from her and she felt her sphincter grasp at it despite
herself. Alicia's face was beet red both from excitement and the humiliation
of so exposing herself to her lover. A moment later the plug was pulled all
the way out leaving Alicia trembling.

"Alicia, do you want something now?" asked Jeffrey.

"Oh God do I ever!" said Alicia, "Please do it Jeff."

Jeffrey smiled down at her upturned bottom. "And what would you like me
to do?"

Alicia blushed "You know."

"No I don't."

"F-f-f-fuck me." she stammered embarrassed by even saying the word.

"And where would you like me to fuck you?" asked Jeffrey in a soft voice.

Alicia hesitated then replied in a tiny voice she barely recognized as her
own.

"In my bottom."

Jeffrey moved forward until the head of his cock was just touching her anus.
He was well lubricated already and Alicia's bottom was, of course,
completely slippery. Alicia held her breath, waiting for him to push forward.
Jeffrey waited a long moment until she started to relax then pushed the head
of his cock into her. Alicia gasped. He was in! She had never thought it
would be so easy and so, so hot! Jeffrey held himself there for a moment but
Alicia pushed backward, wanting all of him. A moment later he was buried
in her to the hilt.

Alicia's body was a riot of sensations, her pussy was still soaking wet and
her clit was quivering. Her nipples had been hard since she arrived and now
they were so hard they ached. The blindfold seemed to center her attention
completely on what was being done to her.

Jeffrey started to move slowly in and out and Alicia started to rock with the
rhythm. Alicia was getting closer and closer and Jeffrey knew he was too.
Her bottom was very tight and so hot that he had to control himself from just
spurting inside of her. Alicia heard Jeffrey's breath getting shorter and she
knew he'd come soon just like her. Their movements were quicker and
deeper now.

It was only a moment before they wouldn't be able to hold back anymore.
Suddenly Jeffrey paused, leaving only the head of his cock inside of her.
Alicia moaned in frustration and tried vainly to push back on him.

"Ali," he gasped, "do you know what I'm going to do to you tomorrow?"

"MMmmmmm," she moaned, "Anything, you can do anything to me."

"I'm going to shave your pussy bald and I'm going to spank your bottom
just like a little girl." said Jeffrey.

"Oh!" cried Alicia. The thought of doing that was too much and Alicia felt
herself tumbling beyond any possibility of holding back. Her orgasm started
to rush in on her from all sides and as it did, Jeffrey plunged back into her
fully and deeply. Alicia cried out and felt her rectum squeeze her lover tight.
That was all it took for Jeffrey and he felt his jism rush up from his balls and
shoot deep into Alicia's bowels as she thrust herself hard back onto him.

The orgasm seemed to go on forever cascading over them again and again
until they slid, exhausted onto the sheets of the bed.

Lying there, in a warm afterglow, Alicia pulled off the blindfold and looked
over at Jeffrey. "I meant it." she murmured, "You can do anything to me."

Jeffrey chuckled as he held the beautiful girl in his arms. "I meant it before."
he said, "Tomorrow, I'm going to have your pussy be smooth as a little
girl's and then I'm going to spank your bottom until it's hot for me."

"Mmmmmm" said Alicia, "That will be the hottest thing I've ever done."

"It's just the beginning." said Jeffrey, "We're going to be more outrageous
and exciting than you ever imagined."

"So long as it's with you." murmured Alicia as she snuggled in his arms.




56 A First Evening with Master Chris

 We meet in a hotel. I have checked in already. You check into your own room.

 We are to meet in the restaurant at exactly 6pm. I will be there already. I
give you my description so you will recognize me. You are to wear a light dress,
preferably backless. The hemline is to be above your knees and the skirt should
not be too tight. You are to wear panties but no bra. Also no stockings or
pantyhose. Heels completes the outfit.

 You find me right away in the hotel restaurant. We have a leisurely supper and
spend the time getting to know each other. We have just ordered coffee when I
ask if you are ready for an 'adventure'. You say you are. I tell you to remove
your panties and to put them on the table. You are embarrassed but you do so. In
the dimly lit restaurant, no one notices you removing them.

 We finish our coffee with the panties on the table. I hand you an envelope and
my room key (I have two). I tell you to go to my room and follow the
instructions in the letter exactly.

 You go to the room and open the envelope. It instructs you to strip completely.
You do so feeling strange and vulnerable being naked like this. The letter
instructs you to put on the blindfold that is on the table then to kneel on the
floor facing the door. You knees are to be wide apart. You are to clasp your
hands behind your head and push your elbows well back. You are to wait like that
for my arrival.

 You wait only several minutes before you hear the door open. You hope it is me.
I leave you in suspense for a couple of minutes as I walk around you just
looking at your body. Then you hear my voice. You are relieved that it is really
me. I ask if you'll be a good girl and obey your instructions. You answer that
you will.

 You feel my fingertips touch you at your elbows and then slide down your arms
to your sides then up the sides of your breasts to your nipples which are now
rock-hard. I grasp your nipples and twist them gently first one way then the
other. You feel my fingers pinching tighter then tighter until you whimper
softly from the pressure. I pull your breasts upward by the nipples before
letting go.

 I instruct you to lean forward and put your forehead to the floor. You do so,
leaving your naked ass pushed up. I tell you to reach back and spread your
buttocks wide apart. You have never felt so exposed. I take a seat directly
behind you, enjoying the perfect view of your anus and your pussy beneath it.

 You feel my fingers touch between your legs and then slide up along your slit,
testing its wetness. You are soaked. The finger slides forward, covering your
clit in your own juices. You start to move your hips, trying to get more
pressure on your clit but the fingers leave you.

 You hear the sound of a jar of some kind being opened. You feel a cool
fingertip touch your anus. It circles the opening teasingly then dips inside
slightly. The fingertip rests on the direct center of your anus for a moment
then slowly pushes in, penetrating your rectum and continuing until the finger
is completely embedded in you. The finger pulls out and re-enters you,
continuing until you are lubricated you completely.

 The finger is removed and the tip of a small plug replaces it. The plug gets
wider as it is pushed in and you feel yourself being opened. Finally the widest
part enters you and you feel your muscles pulling the narrow end into you. The
wide base keeps the plug from disappearing into your body but keeps your anus
held open on it to a width of my finger.

 My hand again checks your wetness and finds you even more excited.

 You are asked if you've been a naughty girl for getting so excited. You reply
that you have in a meek voice. I askyou what happens to naughty little girls.
You reply that they are spanked. I ask if you are ready for your punishement.
You say that you are.

 I have you get up and bend over my knee. I spank you first with my hand until
your bottom is warm and pink. Then I have you go to the table and fetch the
paddle. You do so and return over my knee. The paddling is slow and builds in
intensity until your bottom is burning hot.

 I pull out the plug. You feel two fingers of my right hand enter your vagina
and my thumb press into your anus. My right hand now holds you captive by your
two lower orifices. My left hand continues witha gentle spanking on your now
tender bottom while my right hand moves in and out of you. You feel one finger
now begin to rub your clitoris and you begin an incredible orgasm

 Later that evening, you will be told to shave your pubic hair completely to
keep your pussy lips on display for your Master. You will bound in a number of
exposing positions while I take photographs and while bound you will be
instructed to bring your Master to orgasm.



57 A Meeting with a Mistress

As expected I arrive at an address in your hometown at 7:00pm. I ring the
door and you answer. You give me a big smile and let me in the door. A
quick hug and a kiss then you ask if I'm ready for my adventure. I tell you
yes. You close the door and tell me to strip completely right there in the
foyer. I do so.

You pick up a collar and leash and attach the collar around my neck. You
fasten my hands behind my back with handcuffs.

You take the end of the leash and lead me further into the house. We go
down a corridor, turn the corner and into a brightly lit living room. There are
4 other women sitting there.

The women range in age from mid-20's to mid-40's and are all fairly
attractive.

I blush deep red but have no choice but to follow your instructions. You
have me lie down on my back on the coffee table in the middle of the room.
My hands are uncuffed and tied over my head and down to the table legs.
My ankles are similarly tied to the table legs at the bottom.

The women don't touch me, they simply comment on my body, which I find
even more embarrassing. You are no help as you describe in intimate detail
the things you have subjected me to.

One of the women brings out a long red ribbon and ties the end of it around
my very erect cock.

 From time to time, one of the women will reach over and tug at the ribbon or
tease my body. Finally you tell the women it is time for my spanking. I am
untied and led by the ribbon over to one of the women. It is the oldest of the
women. She chuckles and tells her friends that it is just like her children.
She pulls me over her knee. She takes her time about positioning me exactly.
I feel her hand run up between my legs and she pries them apart. I know that
she and the others can now see my ass as well as my balls from behind.

She begins to spank me with her hand and she does so quite hard. When she
is finished several minutes later, my bottom is hot and pink all over.

I am told to go and stand in the corner like the naughty boy I am.

A few minutes later, I feel someone take hold of the ribbon and I am led
back to the group for a spanking by the next woman. This girl is quite young
and I am embarrassed to be naked in front of her. She also gives me a
spanking by hand. When she is finished I expect to be pulled up, but she
keeps me over her knee for a while stroking my hot bottom. Before letting
me up I feel her pry open my buttocks for a view of my anus. She looks for a
minute or two then lets me up.

I am led to the next woman for my spanking. She positions me over her
knee. I hear you give the woman something telling her she might want to use
it? I try to look around but can't see what it is. The woman gives my bottom
a hard smack and tells me to look at the floor.

I feel her also pry open my buttocks but this time her finger penetrates me. It
is obviously covered in lubricant as it is cold and quite slippery. She has
narrow but very long fingers and I can feel my toes curling whenever she
penetrates deeply.

Everyone else looks on fascinated as her finger moves in and out of my
upturned bottom in long deep strokes.

Her finger pulls out and in almost the same moment I feel her begin to spank
my already hot bottom. She spanks very hard and I feel a tear trickle down
one cheek before she's done.

When she's finished she also keeps me over her knee and rubs my bottom.
Just before she lets me up, I feel my buttocks being parted again as she
finishes her lubrication of my bottom.

You lead me over to the fourth woman again by the embarrassing ribbon
around my cock. I look up to see the fourth woman holding a butt plug and I
know where it is destined to end up. You give my cock a quick squeeze
before I am pulled over the fourth woman's lap. A few moments later, she is
nudging the tip of the plug into me. It starts off quite narrow but then
becomes thicker and thicker. She works it in slowly, sliding in and out, each
stroke a little deeper until finally, with one long push the whole plug is
pushed into me. I whimper slightly as the thickest part pushes past my
sphincter.

Now that I feel impaled, the fourth woman's spanking begins. It is fast and
furious and leaves my bottom a hot red and tears trickling down my face.
Once it is finished, I am led back to the coffee table and fastened on my
back. This time my hands are tied above my head to the legs as before but
my knees are tied back and wide apart thus leaving my crotch and impaled
anus on full view to the women.

The women discuss how exciting it was for them to spank a grown man and
the two women who played with my anus tell the first two how wonderful it
is to do that. One of the first women leans forward and teases the plug
embedded deep in my body. I squirm as she pulls at it and twists it a little.
She remarks how sensitive I seem to be there and gives the plug a long twist
before sitting back in her seat.

You remark how a good slave should be satisfying and ask if any of the
women would like to partake. One woman, the fourth one, says she will but
invites you to go first. I can't figure out what you mean until I see you hike
your skirt up to your waist and straddle the table so that your shaved pussy is
directly over my face. I dutifully extend my tongue and lick your clit and
pussy lips. You move forward and tell me to lick your anus. I have no choice
and lick you from back to front. I pause at your anus to push the tip of my
tongue into you. You are already soaking wet and it does not take long
before you are shuddering in orgasm.

The fourth woman is next and lifts her skirt and pulls down her panties. She
has a blond pussy that is neatly trimmed and I lick her to orgasm also. While
I do that the first two women alternately toy with my plug and tease my
cock. I am sure that I am very close to coming.

The women begin to gather up their things and thank you for a most
entertaining evening. They all leave. You return to the living room. I am still
bound and rock hard. The plug is still buried deep in my rectum.

You tell me that I've been a good little slave and that you'll reward me. You
kneel down and begin to pull out my plug.

The sensation is driving me crazy and I squirm in my bonds. When only the
tip of the plug is left in, you lean over and slide your hot, wet mouth down
on my cock. You feel me begin to strain upward, desperate to have you lick
me. You begin to suck and as you do so, you plunge the butt plug forcefully
back deep into my ass. The sensations are too much and I explode in your
mouth.

Later in the evening I am bound in several other exposing positions while
photographed and given an enema while bent over your knee. The evening
ends with a spanking by you over your knee.




58 Tara in the Hotel Room (c) 1992 Master Chris

Tara looked up at the tv screen in the arrivals area. The flight should have
just landed, she thought. The excitement of the imminent meeting made her heart
rush. Tara was a pretty woman, just 32 years old, blond and tall with a figure
that she worked hard at keeping in shape. She was wearing a classic trenchcoat
and blank high heels. The meeting that so excited her was with her 'Master', her
sometimes loverthat she was all too infrequently. Tonight would be one of those
specials meetings.

Carl was a tall brown haired man also in his thirties and was fairly attractive.
It was not his looks that excited Tara though, it was his delight in kinky sex,
particularly in sex that involved dominance and submission. Tara had discovered
to her amazement that being sexually submissive turned her on like nothing else
ever had. She didn't like pain and the idea of a whipping was abhorent to her
but the thought of obeying a man, especially when his instructions were exact
and of a sexual nature made her blush and soak her panties all at the same time.

They had met several times now and each time was better than the last. Tara
remembered even now the thrill that ran through her the first time he had told
her to undress in front of him so he could 'inspect' her. Tara smiled. It
wouldn't take him long to strip her this time, she thought. Underneath her
fashionable trenchcoat was only Tara herself. Her instructions had been
specific. She was to check into the airport hotel and leave her things there.
Then she was to meet him at the airport wearing only her coat and her heels. She
was specifically allowed no underwear, jewellry or anything else. Tara had even
had to shave her blond pubis completely smooth before arriving.

The trip from the hotel to the airport had been one of the most exciting and
erotic taxi rides she had ever had. Tara was sure that everyone could see right
through her. She kept adjusting her coat over and over trying to close the
bottom of it that seemed intent on exposing her secret. Walking through the
airport had been even worse. Tara was an attractive woman and usually turned
heads wherever she went. Now whenever someone looked at her she was sure that
they knew she was completely naked under her coat. Tara couldn't help blushing
over and over. Despite herself she felt her smooth pussy growing slick with her
own juices. As she walked, Tara 's breasts rubbed freely against the inside of
her coat making her nipples grow hard and sensitive. That and the air that
wafted up her coat to blow across her bare pubis served as a constant reminder
of her nakedness.

Tara spotted Carl as he came down the escalator and into the arrivals lobby. He
smiled as he spotted her and opened his arms to give her a bear hug.

"Mmmm, I've missed you." he said.

"Me too." said Tara smiling. She hugged him again and whispered in his ear "and
I'm soooo hot!"

Carl chuckled. "Did you follow all of your instructions?"

Tara blushed as she nodded.

"We'll find out soon enough." said Carl with a mysterious look on his face.

Tara felt a shiver run up her spine in excitement. Carl slung his suitbag over
his shoulder and led them out of the terminal and toward the taxi stand. Once in
the taxi Carl pulled Tara close to him. His hand drifted down to her thigh just
above the knee where her coat had parted to reveal her shapely legs. "Mmmm"
murmured Tara as she leaned back and closed her eyes, offering herself to Carl.
A tug at the bottom of her coat brought her eyes open in a flash. Carl had just
opened the bottom button to her coat.

"Carl!" she whispered, "What are you doing?!"

Carl smiled at her, "Shhhhh, close your eyes."

It took every bit of will power that Tara had to obey him. Her coat was now open
very high up on her thighs. Tara felt Carl's lips hear her ears and his hot
breath on her as he whispered, "I'm going to make sure my little slave followed
her instructions."

Tara's only response was a tiny whimper as she felt another button being pulled
open. The lowest button still closed on her coat was now near her belly button
and Carl carefully pulled open the bottom halves to fully expose the pretty girl
from the waist down. Tara could only hope that the taxi driver couldn't see that
far down in the back seat and hoped desperately that he wouldn't turn around.

Carl's hand stroked downward now to Tara's knees which she had unconsiously
pressed firmly together. Carl gently eased them apart using both his hands until
she was completely splayed open. Tara felt the petals of her now drenched sex
open. She felt Carl's fingertips glide up the inside of her thigh and gasped
softly as they reached her swollen labia. His fingertip slid gently upher slit
testing its wetness. He continued upward until the finger, wet with her juices
crossed her erect clitoris. "If he strokes it once more I'm going to come." she
thought. Carl slid upward and gently carressed around her smooth pubis. Tara's
breath was coming in shorter and shorter breaths. Suddenly the taxi turned into
the hotel and braked to a stop. Carl pulled Tara's coat together and paid the
driver. Tara's face was visibly flushed as they made their way upstairs to the
room.

As instructed, Tara had taken a small suite in the hotel. The couple walked into
the first room of the suite made up as a small living room with a couch and
sofa-chair in the corner. Carl dropped his bag and moved over to the chair in
the corner to sit. Tara moved toward the couch but Carl held up his hand. "Stay
there for me." he said seductively. Tara stood uncertainly, wondering what would
come next.

"Step out of those shoes." said Carl.

The carpet felt good on Tara's bare feet but somehow it made her feel more aware
of how little she had on.

"Turn around." whispered her lover.

Slowly Tara began turning. When her back was to Carl he had her stop. Nothing
was said for a long moment. The anticipation of what would happen next built
quickly.

"Now the coat." said Carl.

Tara took a deep breath. She reach down and undid the belt and then reached for
the top button. In a moment the coat was completely open. She let the coat fall
from her shoulders showing her long tanned back and then her buttocks, sharpely
delineated by her tan line. Tara heard Carl pick up the coat and put it aside.
"Legs apart Tara."

Tara moved her feet about 2 feet apart.

"Further."

The feet stretched open wide. Tara waited for the next command.


"Now bend over and hold your knees." said Carl.

Tara bent forward and held herself in the exposing position. She knew that
behind her Carl had a perfect view of her bottom and her pussy from behind. She
imagined how she must look. Tara heard Carl get up. It had now been a couple of
minutes. She sensed him coming closer, standing behind her.

Just behind her she saw Carl bending forward, peering closely at her naked body.
She felt his hands stroke his buttocks, then his thumbs settled between her pale
white buttocks. She felt him spread her wide, pulling her buttocks open to
completely expose her most intimate opening. Tara whimpered, feeling so exposed,
so helpless.

Carl chuckled at her excitement and stood up. He had Tara stand too and move
into the next room and onto the bed.

"On your knees, facing away from the door." said Carl.

Tara moved to obey. Carl moved around the room and then returned behind her and
put a blindfold over her eyes. The loss of sight only served to heighten Tara's
other senses. She waited, helpless now, for Carl to tell her what to do next.

"Very good. You look so pretty with a blindfold on. Now bend forward until your
head is resting on the bedspread. Very good. now spread your hands wide apart in
front of you and wait there."


The effect of the position was not lost on Tara. Putting her head down this low
only served to raise her bottom high up in the air, perfectly on display for her
dominant lover.

Tara's sense of hearing was now much more accute, she strained her ears
listening for what was happening around her. Carl's footsteps moved around the
room and Tara could almost feel his eyes looking at every part of her. She heard
the sound of a long zipper of a bag(?) opening. 'What was he doing?' she
wondered.

Tara listened as Carl walked back behind her. There was long moment of silence
and the young girl felt the anticipation build as she waited for what would come
next. 'Surely he would touch her now.' she thought. But where?

"I'm just admiring the view." chuckled Carl at last. "Alright, now I'd like you
to reach back with both hands and place them on your pretty buttocks for me."

Tara reach around with both hands to do so.

"Very nice now please pull your buttocks open to display yourself properly."

Tara gasped! This particular variant on this position had never occured to her.
Certainly Carl had seen her naked body before but doing as he asked would make
her more exposed than she had ever been to anyone before in her life! Tara
hesitated a moment, her mind running rampant as she frantically wished for him
to change his mind. Blushing furiously beneath her blindfold, she finally did as
he asked and gently pulled her smooth rounded buttocks apart for him.

"A little wider if you please." said Carl calmly.

Tara only whimpered as she pulled herself more open for him.

"Very, very nice." said Carl, "Now you shall stay in this position until you are
told to do otherwise. It should not be too long."

'Hmm, that was a funny was of saying to wait.' thought Tara, 'What does he
mean?' She listened as Carl started to move around the room again. A moment
later he moved back behind her, near the door.

"Now remember Tara, you are not to move from that position until you are told to
do so."

With that final reminder, Tara listened in horror at the sound of the door
opening! A moment later and it closed leaving her alone in the room. 'What did
he mean, wait?' she thought. 'Did that mean it might not be him who's coming
back in the room? Does it mean that he might come back with someonse else? What
*does* it mean?'

Tara's breath was now coming in short breaths and her heart raced at the same
pace as her mind as she considered all the possible ramifications. 'My God! It
might be a woman who comes in!' thought the young girl. It was perhaps only 5
minutes but for Tara it seemed forever that she waited. Through it all, she
never considered getting up from the bed and covering herself. As scary as it
was to consider all these alternatives, it was also very, very exciting and Tara
knew deep in her heart that Carl would never hurt her.

The sound of the key in the lock raised the tension level yet again. Tara held
her breath as she listened for the footsteps walking in. 'Was it one person or
two? Were those Carl's footsteps?' There was no way of telling just from the
sound. Whoever it was did not speak, they just moved around the room. Tara could
feel herself being looked at. Despite herself, she felt her hands pulling her
buttocks wider apart offering herself to whoever her Master had in the room
whether it was him or not.

The footsteps moved back behind the pretty girl and Tara waited, wondering when
she would be touched. Finally one of her wrists was taken by a hand. 'Was that
Carl's hand?' she wondered. She felt something being pulled around her wrist and
then fastened tightly to it. A strap of some kind she guessed. Another was
attached to her other wrist and she was allowed to rest her arms on the bed
while straps were pulled tight around her ankles. Once this was accomplished,
the mysterious hands took her right wrist again and tugged it backward. Tara
arched herself slightly so that her wrist strap could be attached to the ankle
strap on the same side. The same procedure was done on her left leaving her
bottom even higher in the air.

More straps were fastened to her young lithe body, these on her thighs just
above her knees. The unseen hands pulled the straps wide apart and tied them
somewhere on the bed, pulling Tara's knees slightly wider then fastening them
firmly. Tara was now helpless and very widely exposed. She wondered what might
come next. The hands reached under her now and Tara gasped as her left breast
was stroked gently. The hands stroked inward, toward her already firm nipple and
the sensitve flesh crinkled even further. By the time the stroking fingers
touched her long brown nipple, it was achingly hard. Tara felt the fingers pull
the nipple downward and pinch as it did so. Tara's nipples were one of her most
sensitive areas and she loved when they were pulled and teased. She moaned
softly as her left one was now pulled out longer than it's normal 3/4 inch
length. The fingers pulled away but were soon replaced by the firm pinch of a
nipple clip. The right nipple was next leaving the metallic clips hanging from
Tara's long firm nips. 'If they don't stop playing with those nipples I think
I'm going to come from that alone.' thought Tara as she panted softly at the
sensation.

Tara listened to movement again as the person (she was sure it was now just one)
moved back behind her. She felt the persons hands slide up between her legs
toward her chest. Now the nipple clips were touched again and Tara felt them
being tugged downward. Cords to the clips were pulled back toward Tara's feet
and attached to rings on her ankle straps. The effect pulled her already
over-sensitive nipples outward and pulled her upper body closer to her knees,
thus bringing her bottom even higher.

Tara was soaked. She knew that whoever it was behind her knew it too. How could
they miss. Her pussy was so wet that she could feel the trickly of her juices on
her thighs. She was now so hot that she didn't care who it was that was playing
with her body. She just wished they'd touch her, touch her pussy, her ass,
something to relieve her need.

An unseen hand patted her upturned rump gently and then Tara listened as they
walked back to the door and opened it. The door closed gently leaving Tara alone
again but this time completely bound and helpless.

Her wait was not long, only a couple of minutes and to her amazement, her sexual
excitement mounted again in that time.

When the door opened again, she was panting so much that she almost missed it.
This time the footsteps did not take long to walk around her and then move
behind her. She felt a hand on her buttock. 'Was it the same person?' she
wondered. The hand left her, only to return a moment later to palp her buttock
to the side, exposing her anus more fully. Tara gasped at the cool touch of the
lubricant on the tip of the strange finger. It teased at her opening a moment
then slid inside. Tara was so hot that there was no resistance, even in her rear
passage. The finger moved deeply in and out, adding more lubricant as it did so.
Tara's body moved back and forth in its bonds, trying to get more of the finger
in her. 'She was close, oh so very close.' she thought and then the finger
pulled away.

"Oh please..." she whimpered, speaking for the first time since she was
blindfolded.

The touch at her anus again was immediate but this time it was the tip of a plug
that touched her there. She loved having her ass teased but this was only the
second time she'd had a plug inserted there. She felt the widest part spread her
anus wide and then her sphincter pulled the narrow neck inwards as she gasped
out loud at the sensation. Tara knew she was on the edge, one more push and she
would not be able to hold back her orgasm.

"So you like it so far do you?" chuckled Carl.

"Oh God Carl. Please! I'm so close." gasped Tara,

Carl moved behind her and touched the tip of his cock to her soaked opening.

"Oh yessssss!" cried Tara as Carl pushed forward in one long motion until he was
deep in her.

It did not take long. As he stroked in and out in long full strokes, Carl
reached down to twist the plug that he had so recently inserted in his
submissive girlfriend's bottom. Tara pushed back as best she could in the tight
bondage. Each thrust by Carl had the clips on her nipples pulled by the cords
attached to her ankles.

A moment later Tara's whole body tensed up. Carl twisted her plug again and wave
after wave crashed over her. She cried out loudly again and again, straining
upward so the nipples clips would pull her nipples and breasts downward.
Finally, it was over.

It was much later, curled up in bed with her head resting on Carl's chest that
she asked.

"Carl?"

"Yes hon?"

"Was it you? You know, who came in the room?"

Carl chuckled quietly. "Maybe next time I'll leave the blindfold off so you can
see for sure but this time I'll not tell you."

Tara wondered as she fell asleep and would until the next time.



59 Kim's Adventure

She was brought in blindfolded, naked, her hands bound before her. Her
clothes had long since been stripped away and removed. When Kim had
arrived at the house for her 'training', she had been led to a small room by a
pretty woman in a maid's uniform. The woman had instructed Kim to
remove all her clothing including any jewelry and had waited until she had
done so. She had then left with all of Kim's belongings leaving Kim with
instructions to remain in the room. The room had been sparsely furnished
with a small couch, two chairs and a corner table. Kim felt very vulnerable
sitting there completely naked. Her thoughts wandered back to how she got
herself into this predicament.

Meeting her current boyfriend Craig had been a dream come true...literally.
Kim had long had fantasies of a submissive nature but had never had
someone she could trust enough to tell them to. In Craig, Kim found not
only someone who understood her secret desires but also someone who was
ready to bring them to reality. For the first time, Kim found herself
submitting herself to a man sexually. The past few months had been the
most exciting of Kim's 26 year old life. She was a very pretty girl, standing
5'7" tall with short swept back blond hair. Her athletic 34-24-35 figure
stayed in shape thanks to regular trips to aerobics. Craig told her often that
he couldn't decide if her firm ass or her breasts and their long dark nipples
were her best feature.

It had been a week ago that Kim had finally confessed the on submissive
fantasy that they had yet to realize. Kim's voice had been trembling with
nervousness when she had asked Craig if he would consider peeing on her.
He had chuckled as he looked at her with an appraising eye. Bit by bit he
had her tell him all about her long-time fantasy of receiving this particular
humiliation. Finally he had taken both Kim's hands in his own. "Kim if you
want this, you shall have it, but I'll have it done my way and I promise you
it will be the most erotic experience ever."

Craig's instructions had arrived by messenger two days later. They would be
going to someone's home on Friday night where Kim's training would
expand to include the realization of her submissive watersport fantasy. Kim
was also to be put "on display" for the first time. The note both terrified and
excited Kim who spent the balance of the week in a constant state of arousal.

Craig had picked her up promptly at 6pm and had driven her out of town to
an old Victorian house. At the front door he had kissed her and told her to
ring the bell and enter. Someone would tell her what to do next. "Don't
worry Kim, I'll be seeing you soon enough. All you have to do is obey the
instructions they give you." Kim couldn't stop trembling as she reached for
the bell.

Now, here she was, sitting in a small room, naked as the day she was born.
Kim jumped as the sound of the door knob turning reached her ears. A tall
man walked in. Kim blushed a deep red and her hands automatically tried to
cover both her breasts and pussy at the same time. "Stand up Kim." he said
in a firm voice. Kim rose to her feet and stood facing the stranger. "Let's
take a look at you. Hands clasped behind your back if you please." Kim
hesitated a moment and then followed her instructions. Her blush now
covered her whole face and worked its way down toward her upthrust
breasts.

The man smiled at the sight. "Mmmmm, you're very pretty." he said as his
eyes traveled up and down. "The maid will be in here shortly and will be
preparing you for tonight's activities. She'll be shaving that pubic hair at the
same time. Kim's eyes opened a little wider at this news. "You are to follow
all your instructions."

With that, the strange man turned and left, leaving Kim standing in the
middle of the room completely exposed. She didn't know if she was
expected to stay in that position or not and while she was trying to make up
her mind the maid returned into the room.

The woman smiled as she saw Kim in the same exposing position. She
walked right over to the nude girl and before Kim had a chance to think
about it, she found her wrists fastened together before her, bound in leather
wrist cuffs. There was a short leash attached to the link between the two
cuffs and Ellen, the maid took hold of the end of it.

"Come with me." she said with a sly smile on her face. Kim gasped as Ellen
pulled her along toward and then right out of the room and into the corridor.

Kim's blush returned again in spades as she looked around wildly hoping
that no one would be there to see. Ellen chuckled at her embarrassment as
she pulled her along. Thankfully the hallway was deserted.

A few doors down, Ellen pulled Kim into a huge bathroom. Kim looked
around in amazement, the bathroom was larger than her bedroom at home
and was filled with thing she wouldn't have expected. In the middle of the
room was what looked like a massage table covered in black leather. Ellen
led the younger girl over to it.

"Up here." she said patting the leather table. Kim sat on the table. Ellen
handed Kim a large bottle of juice, "You're not going to get a chance to
drink anything for a while, so drink all of this now." Kim drank the apple
juice all down.

"Good girl." said Ellen, "Now lie back."

Ellen guided her to lying on her back then pulled the leash over her head and
fastened it to the head of the table stretching Kim out. Ellen moved down the
table and attached straps to Kim's thighs just above her knees. Kim strained
to see what Ellen was doing as she moved down to the end of the table and
then reached under it. Ellen swung a silver bar of some kind from under the
end of the table and clicked it into place. It took Kim a moment to recognize
it but finally she realized. This table wasn't a massage table, it was a
doctor's examining table and that silver bar was one of two stirrups for her
feet!

Sure enough, Ellen pulled the other stirrup on the left side and fastened it
into place. Kim was trembling now. She always felt embarrassed when she
went for a doctor's visit but this was worse. At least that was a quick, sterile
visit.

This promised to be much more intimate. Ellen gently took each of Kim's
feet and spread her open to fit into the stirrups. A strap over the ankle held
the foot firmly in place. The straps on Kim's thighs now came into play as
Ellen used them to pull her thighs even further apart.

There was no way that Kim could move now and Ellen moved slowly about
the room, preparing for Kim knew not what. Finally Ellen pulled a chair
between Kim's bent thighs and sat down. Kim strained to see what she was
doing but the angle made it virtually impossible. She felt Ellen's gentle
hands on her thighs stroking upward toward Kim's pussy and Kim realized
that she was soaking wet and that Ellen could obviously see everything. Kim
felt a tugging at her pussy and wondered what Ellen was doing. It took her a
moment and finally the sound of scissors snipping gave it away. Ellen was
trimming Kim's pubic hair!

Ellen was slow and gentle and the pretty blond hair quickly disappeared.
When it was finally down to a stubble, Kim gasped when Ellen put a warm
wet cloth over Kim's pubic area. The cloth stayed there several minutes and
then Ellen went back to work. Kim knew what was coming now and as Ellen
efficiently shaved away the last of Kim's curly hair, she could do nothing
but lie back and blush at the humiliation. Ellen was thorough, catching even
the tiny hairs between Kim's spread open buttocks. When she had at last
completed the job, she held up a mirror so that Kim could see herself. 'I look
just like I did when I was 10 years old.' thought Kim as she looked at the
smoothly shaved pubis. She had never felt so naked, so exposed, so
vulnerable. Ellen smiled at Kim's expression. "I think it looks wonderful...
very submissive." she said.

Ellen moved back down between Kim's legs and Kim wondered what might
be next.

The sensation of Ellen's finger at the opening of her anus was a surprise
however. Kim gasped as the finger, completely covered in cool lubricant
eased itself into Kim's tiny opening. Ellen was slow but firm as she moved
first just the tip then more and more of finger in and out of Kim's rectum.
Kim couldn't help squirming and tugging at her bonds as Ellen teased her
sensitive opening.

Ellen added more lubricant and started to slide her finger all the way in then
all the way out of Kim. "We want you to be very slippery." she smiled.
Kim's pussy was soaking wet, she felt a trickle of her own juices slide down
toward her anus to add itself to the lubrication she was getting.

Kim was getting more and more excited now. 'If Ellen keeps this up,' she
thought, 'I'm going to come.' Just when Kim thought she couldn't bear it
any more, Ellen's finger slid from her bottom leaving Kim gasping for
breath. Ellen let her calm down for a moment then started removing
unfastening the bonds from the table. Finally she helped Kim from the table
and onto her feet. The straps were left hanging from Kim's wrists, ankles
and thighs.

"Follow me Kim." she said and again took hold of the leash. Kim was now
so hot, she was ready for anything and leaving the room for the corridor was
not quite so traumatic. Ellen led her further down the hallway and into
another room. This room was quite large with a small raised platform in the
middle of it, surrounded by large comfortable chairs. Kim started to tremble
again as she looked at it. 'This is where they'll all see me.' she thought. Sure
enough, Ellen led her right to the platform. There was a small padded bench
on the platform and Ellen directed Kim to lie back on it. The bench was
quite small, Kim's head and back were supported but her buttocks were off
the end of it. She had to put her feet to the floor to support herself.

Ellen busied herself attaching Kim's wrist straps to rings at the head of the
bench so that Kim's arms were pulled tightly back, leaving her breasts
stretched out and exposed. Ellen moved to the end of the bench, and Kim
felt her attaching her ankles to something on the floor. Another strap around
her waist held her tightly to the bench. Ellen moved to the side and pressed a
switch. Kim heard a whirring sound from the ceiling. Suddenly her ankles
began to move upward. Kim had not noticed the ropes hanging from the
ceiling, but she now realized that her ankles were attached to them! The
ceiling winch pulled her ankles up and wide apart until they were stretched
straight up to the ceiling and spread apart in a 90-degree angle.

Kim had never felt so exposed in her life. Ellen came back over to the
helplessly bound girl and looked down at her handiwork. "Now just stay still
and your adventure will continue in a few minutes." she said.

Ellen moved from the room leaving Kim with her own thoughts as she lay
on the platform. She was trembling with nervousness, wondering what
would happen next.

Each minute seemed like hours but, in fact, she was there only a few
minutes.

Kim's hearing seemed a thousand times more sensitive. Her ears strained for
sounds of the door opening, or footsteps moving outside the door, but all in
vain.

When the door to the room finally re-opened, Kim jumped. Her pussy
immediately started lubricating copiously. Kim felt a trickle of her own
juices start down her pussy and along her anal crack adding itself to the
lubrication at her anus. She strained against her bonds to look toward the
door to see who was coming in. Ellen entered the room and Kim breathed a
sigh of relief. But her relief was to be short lived as a number of men and
women followed her! There were perhaps a dozen people in all. The chairs
had been ringed around the sides of the platform and the guests took their
seats. Kim spotted Craig in the group and felt a little better knowing he was
there. Still a hot flush of embarrassment had Kim's face beet red as the
guests looked on at her naked and completely exposed body.

Ellen moved up onto the platform once again. As she walked down toward
the end of the bench, her fingers trailed along Kim's bare body, dragging
across Kim's engorged nipples and down her belly. Kim shivered at the
touch. Kim strained to see what Ellen was doing but now that the woman
was between her legs, she was unable to. Ellen turned to show the group
something in her hand and the patrons nodded and smiled approvingly. One
of the women spectators giggled and whispered something to the woman
next to her. 'What is it?', wondered Kim. She was soon to find out.

One of Ellen's hands held Kim's left buttock to the side, further exposing
Kim's anus to the group. Kim suddenly felt what she thought was Ellen's
lubricated finger again at the center of her anus. A moment later, Kim
realized it was something hard, not a finger, that was pushing into her. Ellen
pushed the firm unyielding object past the crinkled opening. Kim felt her
anus spread open to accommodate it.

As Ellen pushed it in further, Kim felt it get wider and wider. Ellen teased
Kim with the object, pulling it out a little only to push it in further with the
next stroke. At one point, Kim gasped as the object spread her anal ring very
wide. With one more push the object got suddenly much narrower and
Kim's rectal muscles pulled the intruder even deeper into her to settle into
her bottom. A wide base kept the plug from disappearing into the bound girl.
The base also kept the narrow neck of the plug holding Kim's anus open.
The sensation was incredible. Kim felt no pain, just very, very full and there
was no avoiding the feeling. Every breath made her think of the object now
spreading her anus.

Ellen moved off the platform so everyone could get a good look. Now one
of the men walked up toward Kim. He was holding a long narrow paddle
and Kim closed her eyes, waiting for what must come. Being spanked had
always turned Kim on and now as she was about to have her bottom
reddened, she realized that Craig must have told every one of her hot
fantasies. 'What else would happen?' she wondered.

Kim heard the paddle swinging through the air an instant before it struck her
buttocks. The smack took her breath away. A wave of heat washed over her
buttocks. Her buttocks clenched and that had the effect of clenching on the
anal plug still firmly inserted in her ass. Kim gasped at the sensation. The
paddle struck again and then again. In all, perhaps she received 10 spanks.
The range of feelings running through Kim had her so aroused that she
barely felt them.

The man stepped down from the platform leaving Kim's bottom red and hot.
Kim's anus could not stop clenching on the anal plug over and over. She
stayed at the edge of the most remarkable orgasm she had ever encountered.

She was left for a few moments to calm down then Ellen returned to the
platform.

She leaned down to the pretty bound woman and whispered into her ear,
"Do you remember what fantasy you wished for this week?" Kim's eyes
opened wide as she remembered what she add admitted to Craig earlier in
the week. Now that she remembered her peeing fantasy, Kim realized that
she needed to pee herself.

"I've got to pee." she whispered back at Ellen. Ellen just smiled at her.

The strap around Kim's waist was undone and Ellen moved off to the side of
the room. Now the ceiling winch started up again and Kim felt her ankles
being drawn even further upward and outward! By the time they finished,
Kim was suspended completely upside down with her wrists pulled toward
the floor and her legs pulled toward the ceiling and completely spread. Her
breasts hung upside down on perfect display for the guests but the most
exposing thing about her was now her shaved pussy, pressed forward and
opened for all to see. Ellen pulled the bench away from Kim, leaving her
suspended in mid-air.

The man who had given Kim her spanking now came back up to the
platform. "As you know, Kim here has a fantasy regarding being peed on."
he said to the group. Kim blushed as her most intimate fantasy was made
public. "We discussed how she should be initiated here, and it was decided
to accomplish her fantasy in a somewhat unusual manner. Kim was given a
fair amount of juice to drink earlier and she now needs to pee herself. We're
going to help her do that in the position she's in now. She might wish to
resist this submissive humiliation, but we've thought of that too."

The man leaned over to look at Kim. He held up what looked like a thin tube
of plastic. "Do you know what this is Kim?" he asked.

"No, Sir." said the pretty girl.

"It is called a catheter. In a moment I'm going to slide it into you and you're
control over your own bladder will be mine." Kim's eyes opened wide again
as she whimpered "Please, no." the man smiled at her and turned toward her
smooth and spread pussy. Kim felt him spread open the petals of her pussy
to expose her urethra. The end of the lubricated tube touched her there. She
had never in her life felt so open. There was a sting for a moment as the tube
slid gently into her body. 'I won't pee. I'll hold it' in thought Kim as she
willed herself to not pee. The catheter tube slid home and the man stepped
back. Kim looked up to see that he was pinching the tube closed.

Kim was trembling with the effort of holding back but as soon as the man let
go of the tube, the result was inevitable. Control over her bladder was not
her own and the urine started spilling down her chest. Kim's face was beet
red as she watched the spectators watching her. Ellen stepped up to the
platform and a moment later, the plug still deep in Kim's ass started to
vibrate. This final sensation was too much and Kim's orgasm started to take
over. It came from deep in her belly and seemed to wash over all parts of
her. Kim pulled at her bonds and cried out again and again as the plug in her
rear kept vibrating and her own warm water washed down her belly and
face. Craig and Ellen let Kim down gently and led her to the shower where
they helped her get cleaned up.

It was a clean, but tired Kim that finally entered the large living room where
she was greeted with applause by the club that she was now a full-fledged
member of. "This was the best!" she said to Craig as she hugged him.

Craig smiled. "That's just the beginning." he said, "Wait until next week!"




60 From One Couple to Another

It was dark when Bobby and his wife Janet pulled into the long drive on
Woodbine Street. This was their fourth visit to the house in as many weeks
but still they were both apprehensive as Bob parked the car in front of the
door.

It had been almost six weeks before that Janet had spotted the ad in an adult
newsletter and had shown it to Bobby.

Dominant couple 30's, seeks submissive couple 20's-30's for play. You
must be prepared to follow all instructions and all training. Send picture and
letter describing your precise interests.

Janet had grown soaking wet by the end of the short paragraph. Both she and
her husband of three years enjoyed kinky sex but they had discovered that
they both enjoyed the submissive role. Janet had tried to be a good dominant
for her husband but could never really get into it. Bobby was the same.

The first meeting had been on neutral territory, supper at an Italian
restaurant in the city. Bobby and Janet had discovered that the dominant
couple were both attractive and fun to be with. Chris and Terry were in their
mid-thirties which made them about ten years older than Bobby and Janet.
Still, the two couples barely noticed the age difference. When Bobby and
Janet noticed at all, they found they liked it as if it made them feel even
more vulnerable.

It wasn't until after-dinner drinks that the subject of Bobby and Janet's
submission was even raised.

"We want to find out all about your fantasies and experiences." said Terry in
a husky voice, "But first, let us tell you a couple of things about us."

Terry ticked the points off on the fingers of her right hand as she listed them:

We have done this a number of times before and we are both very
experienced in dominant/submissive sex.

Chris and I are not bisexual. When we have a submissive couple, I will
usually handle the man and he will usually handle the woman. We give
instructions, of course, to either submissive.

On occasion, I will assist in training a woman or in punishing her.

When we meet a couple we always meet you both at the same time. That
way there's no jealousy.

We are not into heavy pain or S&M. Our goal is sexual satisfaction for
everyone concerned, not how much we can make you hurt."

Janet looked over at Bobby and they exchanged a silent message.

"OK," said Bobby, "It looks like this will work out. What happens now?"

Chris smiled, "Just keep this Saturday night free. We'll make sure you get
the appropriate instructions." A shiver caught both Bobby and Janet. 'What
would happen next Saturday?', they wondered. It was late into the evening
before the dinner ended. Before they parted company that night, Janet and
Bobby had told their new Master and Mistress everything about themselves
and their fantasies of being submissive.

The instructions arrived at mid-week by courier. Janet waited for Bobby to
come home before they opened them. Inside the package were two
envelopes, one addressed to each of them with a warning on the outside that
they were to be read privately and that the contents of the instructions were
to be kept secret from the other until after the weekend. They were both
excited as they went to different rooms to read their instructions.

Janet's instructions read as follows:

1.	You are not to have an orgasm from now until you get here. Nor may
you touch your or Bobby's genitals in a sexual way until instructed. Bobby
has the same instruction.

2.	You are to carefully bathe, shampoo above and below and shave
your legs and armpits before arriving.

3.	You are to wear a white blouse that buttons all the way down the
front and is translucent. It should not be see-through but rather sheer enough
that the darkness of your nipples will be visible to anyone looking directly at
them.

4.	You'll wear no bra.

5.	You'll wear a skirt that has a maximum length of mid-way to your
knees.

6.	You will wear no panties

7.	You will wear no stockings

8.	You will wear comfortable heels

9.	You will not wear any jewelry or a watch.

Bobby's instructions were not much different. His instructions were written
in a feminine hand, obviously Terry's. In addition to not touching himself
and being clean, Terry had one more instruction:

You are to purchase the sexiest pair of woman's panties you can find. They
are to be lacy. Under your jeans on Saturday, you will be wearing them.

Bobby's cock had twitched into erectness with that request.

Saturday had approached very slowly. At least a dozen times both Bobby
and Janet had thought about not going through with it. Finally though it had
come. It became an evening of firsts for the young couple.

It was the first time that Bobby and Janet had both been bound and helpless
at the same time. It was the first time that Bobby had watched Janet touched
and then spanked by another man. Likewise it was the first time that Janet
had ever seen Bobby dressed in a woman's panties then later watched those
panties be pulled down as her husband was spanked over the knee of another
woman. It was the first time that Janet had been bent, naked over another
woman's lap for a spanking since her mother had spanked her as a child. It
was the first time that both Janet and Bobby had stood, naked, noses pressed
into opposite corners of the room displaying their spanked bottoms at the
same time. Finally, it was the first time that both Bobby and Janet had had a
simultaneous orgasm, never mind that it was in front of a fully clothed
couple who watched them come, side-by-side as vibrators played over their
bound and blindfolded bodies.

They had come back twice since then. Each week, the instructions were a
little different, each time the thrill of the unknown kept them in a state of
excitement like nothing they'd ever experienced.

Now, they were here again. This time, the package with their instructions
had been a little larger. When they opened it, they were shocked and excited
more than ever before. Inside the package had been simple instructions.

You will each wear only the garments enclosed. Even shoes are not
permitted. You may wear your coats over these garments.

Inside each package were two simple items, a thin blue hospital gown, the
type that tie at the back and a plastic hospital identification bracelet with
their names on it. Janet and Bobby had looked at each other in stunned
silence. It was Bobby who finally spoke. "I guess it's going to be quite a
weekend."

Now here they were, parked once again outside the large house. Bobby and
Janet felt somehow more than naked as their bare feet padded across the
cool pavement toward the house. They could both feel the cool evening air
gently wafting up their bare thighs and across their warm genitals.

It was Terry who met them at the door. "Hi," she smiled, "Are you wearing
what you were sent?"

"Yes Ma'am," they replied in unison.

"Very good. Now you should both go upstairs and sit in the first room on
your right. You can leave your coats in the closet down here. We'll call you
when we're ready."

With that, Terry turned and walked upstairs, leaving them alone. With their
coats safely hung up, the couple felt even more vulnerable. They made their
way upstairs, helpless to prevent the short gowns from parting at the back.
The first room on the right looked like a sitting room. Two straight-backed
chairs were placed conspicuously in the middle of the room. Janet and
Bobby sat down. Each gasped slightly as the cool leather of the chairs
touched their overheated genitals.

It was about five minutes before the side door to the room opened. "Janet,
the doctor will see you now." said the voice of Terry.

Janet took a deep breath and stood up and walked into the next room,
leaving her husband to wait. Inside the room, directly in front of her, Janet
saw a table with her Master and Mistress behind it. Both of them were
wearing white lab coats just like the doctors do. The room was dimly lit
except for the table and the area right in front of it. Chris smiled and
motioned her into the light. "Are you ready for your examination little girl?"
he asked.

Janet found herself trembling as she nodded.

"Very good" said Chris, "Please clasp your hands behind your head."

As Janet lifted her hands, she felt the back of her gown opening wide apart
to display her buttocks.

"Now turn around slowly for us." said her Master. No matter how many
times she did this, Janet couldn't help blushing as her bare bottom came into
view. She knew that the view of her naked buttocks excited both her Master
and Mistress and that idea turned her on even more. As she turned around,
Janet started to get a good look at the rest of the room. Although the lights
were dimmer in other parts of the room, Janet could clearly see a raised table
off to the side. Looking a little closer, she could make out what were
obviously metal stirrups at the end of the table just like her doctor's office!
Janet's heart was pounding as she turned once again to face her dominant
friends. From the look on their faces, she could tell that they knew that she
had seen the examining table.

"Very nice" smiled Chris "Now please remove your gown."

Janet removed her gown and without being asked, again clasped her hands
behind her head. Seeing Janet completely nude and vulnerable in front of
them turned both Terry and Chris on.

Janet was a beautiful woman. Blond with her hair cropped short for the
summer and a face full of freckles, she often looked like a tomboy. But now,
without her clothes, she was all woman. Her figure was a trim 34b-24-35.
Her breasts were small but firm. Her areolae usually dark, got even darker
when aroused as she was now. The nipples themselves were unusually long
and thick when erect and Terry and Chris had discovered that they were one
of the most sensitive parts of her body. Janet's pretty little pussy was framed
with a light down of blond hair. Looking down, Chris could see that she had
just trimmed it for her visit tonight. Janet was soon to find out that it would
be the last night she and her submissive husband would be allowed pubic
hair for a while.

Terry stood up from the table and took Janet by the hand.

"Come with me" she said and led her over to the examining table. Janet had
thought that she would be immediately placed in the steel stirrups, but Terry
had other plans. The exam table was a little higher than waist height so
Terry directed Janet to stand on the little footstool beside it. To her surprise,
Terry had her bend forward at the waist until her upper body was resting on
the leather table.

Janet's eyes followed Terry as she walked around the table to a counter.
Janet watched her take something from a glass and then reach down for a
tube. As Terry turned, Janet could clearly see the two items. The tube was
K-Y jelly and the object was very obviously a rectal thermometer. Terry
caught Janet looking and smiled.

"We'll start by taking your temperature young lady." she said as she walked
behind the younger woman.

Janet's ass had always been the most private part of her and, although it
turned her on to have it played with, Terry and Chris had yet to as much as
touch her there.

Janet felt Terry's thumb and forefinger spreading her buttocks open to
expose her crinkled brown opening. The cool touch of the lubricated
thermometer made her gasp as it touched her there. Terry slid the thin glass
tube into her then stood up, leaving Janet bent over with just the tip of the
thermometer sticking from between her firm buttocks.

Janet was left there for a couple of minutes before Chris came over and
pulled the thermometer from her.

"Hmmm, a little warm." he chuckled then motioned for her to get up on the
table.

As expected Janet's feet were gently placed in the stirrups leaving her open
wide. Terry took Janet's hands and pulled them to the top of the table. Soft
cuffs fastened her wrists firmly to the table. A small pillow in the small of
Janet's back ensured that her breasts thrust upward as an offering to her
Master.

Chris attached similar cuffs to Janet's ankles thus securing them to the steel
stirrups. The stirrups were then pulled very wide. Janet had never felt so
helpless and so aroused at the same time. There was nothing she could do to
prevent her engorged pussy lips from parting open to expose her soaking
pussy's interior. Once the stirrups were fastened wide apart, Janet's mobility
was severely curtailed. Still, Terry and Chris each took a strap from the side
of the table and fastened them to her knees. The strap pulled the knee out
and down, keeping her extremely exposed.

Now Chris moved to the end of the table and Janet felt the whole end part of
the table from below her waist drop away. From his vantage point, Chris had
a perfect view of her pussy and her anus still slick from the K-Y jelly on the
thermometer. He let his fingertips gently slide up her thigh.

"Excited?" he whispered.

Janet closed her eyes and nodded.

"Good."

Being on a leather table, fastened to the cool metal stirrups left Janet feeling
more vulnerable, more exposed than anytime in her life. As Terry reached
down and gently covered her eyes with a blindfold, Janet felt even more
helpless. Her sense of hearing was instantly heightened. Her ears strained to
hear what was happening around her. She heard Chris moving at the counter
near her feet, heard the sound of items being moved around, then sensed that
someone (was it Chris or Terry?) was again sitting between her widely
stretched legs.

The cool touch of a well-lubricated finger at her anus was almost a relief to
the anticipation. The finger teased for a moment or two then pushed gently
until just the tip had slipped past the sphincter. Janet's breathing was coming
in short ragged breaths. The finger twisted and turned in tiny, minute
movements, each one causing Janet to squirm in her bonds.

Suddenly the finger pushed deeper, sliding in slowly, not stopping until it
was as deep as it would go. Janet's toes curled at the sensation of being
penetrated anally. The finger moved in and out in long full movements.
Janet felt her anal muscles clench despite herself thus intensifying the
feeling. After a couple of minutes the finger pulled itself from her only to be
replaced after a moment by the sensation of something more unyielding. A
dildo? she thought. But this sensation was something altogether different.
Without being able to see it, Janet's senses were extra sensitive. The cool
lubricated object now starting to slide into her was at first very thin, thinner
even that the finger that had just left her but as it slid in, she felt it widen,
pushing open her ass. Whoever had a handle on the object was moving it in
and out with a tiny motion, letting it slide a little deeper and thus spread her
open a little wide each time. On one push it spread Janet open very wide and
was held there, stretching her anal ring. Janet felt it push inward just a little
further and to her surprise, the object was much narrower. Her sphincter
clenched down, pulling the object deep into her rectum and then holding her
open on a much thinner "neck" as the wide handle stopped the object from
disappearing into her.

The only sound in the room now was Janet's ragged breathing. Chris
chuckled and patted her mound with one hand as he stood up from between
Janet's legs.

"I'd ask you if you enjoyed that but it's obvious that you do."

Janet had to admit that it was true. Even bound and blindfolded she could
tell how wet she was. Again she heard movement at the counter then a
gentle tug on her pubic hair. The sound of a 'snip' of scissors shocked her.
'Snip, snip, snip' and in a flash, Janet knew what was happening. Her pubic
hair was being removed! Janet heard herself whimpering at the idea and she
was completely helpless to do anything about it!

Terry patted Janet's tummy as Chris continued to remove her muff.

"Don't worry, you're going to look so hot without it." she said.

The scissors stopped and Chris continued with shaving cream and a safety
razor until Janet was as smooth as when she was eight years old. "Oh God!"
she thought, "I wonder if they're going to do the same thing to Bobby?"

Janet felt the straps at her knees, ankles and wrists being removed and a
moment later, she was being helped to her feet by the dominant couple. The
sensation of the rectal plug, still lodged deep in her body, was even more
intense when standing.

Janet was led out of the examining room while still blindfolded and into
another adjacent room. Chris pulled her hands in front of her and attached
them to a cord that a moment later pulled her hands toward the ceiling.
When she was stretched upwards, the rope was tied, leaving the pretty girl to
wait for whatever would come next. Janet heard the sound of one person
leaving the room while the other continued to move around in front of her.
The fingers that then pulled her nipple erect and the sensation of the nipple
clips being attached were no surprise.

Back in the waiting room, Bobby heard the intercom come alive again, "All
right Bobby, it's time for your examination."

Bobby's heart was thumping as he entered the darkened room. Like Janet, he
moved toward the lit area.

"Clasp your hands behind your head if you please." said Terry. "Now turn
slowly for me."

Bobby felt himself blushing as he turned to expose his naked bottom,
uncovered by the short hospital gown. Terry had him pause while facing
away from her. She leaned back in her chair and enjoyed the view of his
tight little behind. She smiled in the darkness. 'That bottom will be feeling
quite different in a few minutes.', she thought.

Terry led Bobby over to the examining table. Bobby couldn't help thinking
what Janet must have looked like on this table only a few short minutes ago.
The steel stirrups that stuck out from the end of the table were still stretched
wide apart. Bobby could see the leather straps hanging from them and
pictured Janet's ankles straining against them as she was exposed to her
Master and Mistress. Suddenly it occurred to him that it would soon be him
with his feet in the stirrups. He blushed as Terry ordered him up onto the
table. A moment later he was told to lie back and Bobby did so, embarrassed
to be put into the humiliating position that women must suffer when visiting
their gynecologist. Terry gently placed his feet in the steel stirrups, still
slightly warm from Bobby's wife's feet. Terry reached over and pulled the
leather straps over his ankles and pulled them tight as she fastened him to
the stirrups. Terry moved up to the head of the table and took the submissive
man's hands in hers and positioned them up to the head of the table so that
Bobby was fully extended on the table. Leather straps there held him now
helpless in this exposed position. Bobby felt his breathing quicken as he
realized that he was now at his Mistress' mercy. Bobby looked up in time to
see Terry's hands descending with a blindfold that now cut his vision off
from whatever would happen next.

With his sense of hearing now heightened, Bobby heard Terry move back to
the end of the examining table. Another set of leather straps at his knees
pulled them out and down to leave his genital and anal area overextended
and completely exposed. Bobby listened as Terry moved around the room
near the end of the table. Now he wished that he had paid more attention to
just what had been sitting on the counter near there. What, he wondered, was
there for her to use on him. Now, there was silence. Bobby held his breath,
wondering what would happen next. As the tip of Terry's well-lubricated
figure touched the center of Bobby's anus, he let out a soft sigh. The finger
teased there for a moment before dipping inside. Terry added more lubricant
to her long but slender figure then pushed it deeply into her young male
submissive. The finger moved in and out, twisting as it went, adding more
lubricant every once in a while until the interior of Bobby's rectum was
thoroughly covered with Vaseline. By now Bobby's hips were straining
upward, pushing against Terry's finger despite himself. As the finger pulled
from him, Terry felt Bobby's muscles trying to hold it in.

"Oh you like that do you?" she asked.

Terry chuckled as she watched Bobby blush beneath his blindfold. She
reached over and took a rectal plug similar to the one still firmly inserted in
Bobby's wife Janet now tied in the next room. She eased just the tip of the
flesh-colored plastic past the resistance of his sphincter and held it there,
watching his reaction. Despite all the stimulation of his anus, Terry knew
that his bottom was very tight. She would have to go a little slower than with
Janet.

The plug eased out slightly then pushed in a little deeper. Terry held it a
moment, then let the pressure up and let the tip of the plug slide almost out
before sliding it in even deeper this time. This in and out motion continued.
Terry kept sliding the lubricated plug in deeper and deeper, twisting slightly
as she did so. Bobby had started to moan slightly and did so again as the
thickest part of the plug slid into him, holding his anus stretched wide apart
upon it. Terry held this part of the plug in him, not letting the anal ring either
push it out or pull it in. She twisted the plug slowly through a full rotation
and smiled as Bobby whimpered at the exquisite sensation. His cock was
now rock hard in front of her and Terry couldn't help but to bend down and
let just the tip of her tongue taste the drop of pre-cum waiting for here there.
Bobby gasped at the warm touch of his Mistress tongue and Terry watched
his cock twitch in reaction. She chose this moment to add just a little more
pressure and let the rectal plug be pulled deeply into her submissive friend
as his anal muscles clamped down on the narrow neck of the plastic intruder.
Terry stepped back as Bobby moaned loudly and strained upward in his
bonds. For a moment she wondered if he would be able to help from coming
but Bobby was able to bring himself under control and calm down slightly.

Terry let him regain his composure for a minute or two while she prepared
things at the counter. The next sensation that Bobby experienced was similar
to his wife's had been a few short minutes before. Terry quickly and
expertly clipped his pubic hair to a short stubble using scissors. Like Janet, it
took Bobby a moment or two to realize exactly what was happening and
then he moaned in embarrassment as his Mistress quickly removed the last
covering his genitals had from her. The shaving cream and razor were next
and Bobby held his breath as she carefully shaved the sensitive area. In a
few short minutes Bobby's pubis was as naked as it had been when he was a
child. Terry slowly, sensuously rubbed warm oil around his cock, balls and
pubis leaving his naked cock rock hard.

Bobby felt a strange feeling as Terry fastened something around his cock
and balls. Without being able to see it, he wasn't sure what it was. Terry
smiled at the sight of the baby pink ribbon now tied with a bow around
Bobby's move sensitive parts. The long end of the ribbon she left hanging
down between his legs. She'd need it shortly.

Bobby listened as Terry made her way up the table toward his chest. Again,
Terry leaned down and this time took his left nipple in her mouth. Bobby
arched his back against the leather straps as his Mistress bit down on his
sensitive nipple and pulled it upwards. The tiny nipple quickly became erect
and Bobby felt Terry pull it out further as she fastened the metal clip to it.
Bobby's cock twitched again, betraying the turn on that the restraining clip
was to him. Terry's mouth was already on the right nipple pulling it erect
also.

With the long rectal plug still in him and the clips firmly fastened on his
nipples, Bobby felt Terry releasing him from the table. The leather straps on
his wrists were left on and as he was pulled up to a sitting position, Terry
fastened them behind his back. As Bobby moved to his feet, his buttocks
came together and he felt the plug sliding even deeper into his bottom. Terry
now reached down to take hold of the end of the pink ribbon firmly tied
around Bobby's erect cock and balls.

"Come along young man." she said and gave a little tug on the ribbon.

Bobby was helpless to do anything but obey, shuffling forward in tiny steps
hoping not to walk into anything. Terry led him into the next room where his
wife Janet was still tied with her hands to the ceiling. Janet had not been left
idle. Chris had kept up the teasing on her body while Terry had prepared her
husband on the doctor's examining table. A vibrating magic wand had been
playing all over her hot body and Terry could see immediately that the pretty
young girl was bathed in a fine sheen of sweat. Janet's breathing was
coming in ragged breaths by now. Chris had kept the rectal plug deep in her
and had attached clips identical to Bobby's to Janet's thick nipples. The
vibrator had touched the clips and the end of the plug every once in a while
producing a tremor through the firm body. Janet's freshly shaved pussy had
obviously tasted the vibrator also, thought Terry as she noticed the
submissive young girl's juices on the smooth lips. Janet's clit was now erect,
poking up teasingly between the bare lips.

Terry led Bobby over to the center of the room directly in front of Janet and
positioned him facing her. Chris helped to tie his hands to the ceiling also so
that he was helplessly stretched right in front of his wife. Although the
young couple could not see each other, the heat of each was evident to the
other. Janet felt the hot breath in front of her and knew that it must be
Bobby.

Chris and Terry moved forward and the two submissives felt their nipple
clips being adjusted. A moment later, there were only two clips between
them. Bobby's nipples were now firmly attached to those of his wife. Bobby
and Janet felt themselves pressing against each other. Bobby's rigid cock
was now poking up at Janet's oiled smooth lips. Terry reached between
them to guide the firm organ up into his wife. The couple moaned in unison
at the intense feeling. Unable to wait, Bobby started moving in and out of
Janet only to feel the ribbon around his balls pull with a sharp jerk.

"Not until your told." said his Mistress sharply.

The tension of trying to stay in Janet without moving was almost more than
Bobby could bear. Janet also moaned in frustration, wanting desperately the
thrust of Bobby's cock into her over-sensitized pussy. Terry and Chris
stepped back to enjoy the scene. It was unique. The naked, stretched
submissive couple was attached to each other at the nipple and their genitals.

"Now then," said Terry, "I suppose you two would like to begin to rut like a
couple of dogs in heat wouldn't you?"

"Oh yes Mistress, please." moaned Bobby and Janet.

"Very good." chuckled Chris, "We'll give you a helping hand then. Your
Mistress and I will be setting the pace."

A moment later Janet felt the sharp crack of a riding crop against her naked
buttocks as Chris smacked her with it. The surprise of the smack thrust her
against Bobby, pushing his cock deep into her and causing her to moan
loudly. As Janet pulled back, a swipe of the crop by Terry onto Bobby's
buttocks caused him to thrust forward again. The sound of the dual spanking
continued like a metronome, spanking first one then the other, controlling
the pace of the couple's rutting. It was Bobby who started to come first.
Chris and Terry had been watching for it. His breath now in short desperate
gasps, his buttocks clenched again and again as he arched himself into Janet.
The movement pulled at the clips that fastened the pair's nipples firmly
together. Janet felt her nipples being pulled out by the clips as her husband
cried out in front of her. Chris moved forward and with one hand twisted the
Janet's rectal plug. It was all she needed. With a loud sob, she came too,
twisting and pulling against her bonds and grinding her naked pubis against
her husband. Finally, hanging limply from their wrists, it was over.

What would happen next? wondered Bobby.

What could top this? wondered Janet.

They would soon find out.




61 Talia's Medical Examination

"What are you wearing tonight?" asked Chris.

Talia looked up. There was more to this question than met the eye. "I'm not
sure. Did you have particular preference?"

Chris smiled. "Yes, I believe I do." Moving to her closet he picked out a
short flaring skirt and a thin silk white blouse and placed them on the bed.

"Garters and stocking?" asked Talia.

"No. Not this time, just the blouse, skirt and your heels."

Talia felt rush of excitement surge through her. Whenever she and Chris
played dominance/submissions games, it was an incredible high. Her mind
immediately started racing, wondering what plans he had up his sleeve.
Maybe they weren't even going for supper. Perhaps the evening would start
right here with Talia being blindfolded and teased by her dominant lover.
Chris was always full of surprises and although Talia was yet to find out,
there was one planned for this very evening.

By the time they left for their evening out, Talia was ready for her Master.
She had pampered herself in the bathroom, soaking in a nice hot tub then
doing her hair and make-up. When she stepped into the bedroom to put on
her 'outfit' for this evening, Talia caught glimpse of herself in the mirror.

'Hmmm, not bad for a gal pushing 30.' she thought to herself. Her blond
hair was short and curly at the moment and it framed a pretty tanned face.
Her breasts had never been large, a 34B, but by the same token they didn't
sag at all.

Talia's tan line from her bikini outlined a tiny pure white triangle over each
breast from the dark sun-tanned skin around them. The nipple in the center
of each triangle was set off perfectly. Unlike many blondes, Talia's nipples
were not pink, they were a dark shade of brown. Although nature had seen
fit to give Talia small breasts, her nipples were not. If anything, they were
unusually long and thick and perhaps the most sensitive part of her body.

The residential home where they ended up was not what Talia was
expecting. What did he have planned here she wondered. Inside, Chris and
Talia were greeted by a pretty woman around Talia's age wearing a simple
skirt and blouse combination.

They entered and were led to the living room. The evening was shaping up
to be a simple visit with a friend thought Talia as they three of them chatted
about all kinds of current events. Talia found out that Susan was a medial
doctor with her own practice and that she and Chris had met in college.
Susan was a year older than Talia and the two women found they had lots of
things in common.

It wasn't until well into the evening that Susan brought up a new subject.

"So, I understand you're sexually submissive." she said casually.

Talia just about choked on her drink. She had never ever told anyone about
the kinky games she and her lover played. To be told about them by a
stranger took her breath away. Talia felt a hot blush hit her cheeks as she
looked over at the attractive blond doctor.

Unable to reply, Talia just nodded her head. Susan smiled. "I thought so.
Little toys like yourself are so transparent." Talia blushed again as she
realized how true that statement was. Unless Susan was blind, she should
have no trouble figuring out what Talia enjoyed.

"Your lover has brought you here for a little surprise." said Susan. He felt
that an examination would be appropriate for his sex toy."

Susan got up and took Talia's drink from her. With a movement of her head,
she indicated that Talia should follow her. Talia looked over at Chris only to
see that he was standing too waiting for her to obey. "Do as you're told
Talia." he said quietly.

Talia felt her knees tremble as she got to her feet. This was completely
uncharted territory. Unable to stop her mind from wandering, Talia
wondered what would happen to her. An examination? What would that
entail? Just the word reminded Talia of her last Gynecological exam. Every
time she had to put her feet into those steel stirrups she blushed with
embarrassment. It didn't seem to matter that her doctor was always
completely professional, just the thought of being that exposed to him was
mortifying.

Susan walked along the corridor and turned down the carpeted stairs into the
basement. At the bottom of the stairs, Talia saw that the basement was
remodeled into Susan's office. There was a large desk off to one side with
filing cabinets against one wall.

There were a couple of chairs in front of the desk. On the other side of the
room the more medical supplies were stored. There was a counter with
glass-covered shelves above it and a sink and, of course the ever-present
examining table.

Susan sat down in her chair behind the desk. Talia went to sit in one of the
chairs in front of it but Susan stopped her. "Just stand there." she was told.

Talia waited nervously. Behind her she heard Chris' footsteps coming down
the stairs and then stop. She turned to find him sitting on the third stair,
waiting, watching.

Susan got up from the desk and moved over to the other side of the room. A
moment later, she returned carrying the small step that had been beside the
examining table that was used by patients to step up on the table. She
walked over to Talia and put it down in front of her. "Step up." she said.

Talia stepped up on the step feeling even more on display. Susan walked
back around the desk to sit down. Susan waited another minute or so, just
admiring the view before she spoke again.

"All right Talia," she said, "Now remove all your clothing. Everything."

Talia's heart skipped a beat. She had known this was coming of course, but
to actually have to remove her clothes in front of this strange woman was
intensely embarrassing. She started with the shoes. She must have seen
plenty of naked women, thought Talia. It didn't make any difference. Chris
had deliberately made sure that there was very little to remove and in a few
moments, Talia's skirt followed her blouse and shoes as it sank to a puddle
at her feet.

"Now turn around." said Susan.

Talia turned around several times on the small stair. After a couple of turns,
Susan had her stop again, this time facing away from her and showing a
profile to Chris. "Clasp your hands behind your back. No, elbows further
back than that."

Now, with her hands stretched up and back, Talia's firm breasts and rigid
nipples were thrust up and out. Despite her acute desire, she didn't lower her
hands to cover her blond bush.

Susan got up again from behind the desk and moved over to Talia, getting a
closer look as she walked all around. Talia's face was flushed a bright red.
She had never been so embarrassed.

"Follow me." said Susan again and walked toward the examining table.

Talia had been dreading this. She walked toward the table with tiny steps.
Susan helped her get up on the table and lay down on her back. Unlike the
doctor's office, there was no paper covering the black leather of the table.
The leather was warm and humid against her skin.

Talia lay passively as Susan walked around her again. She did not resist as
her hands were taken and pulled to the head of the table. Leather cuffs were
wrapped around her wrists and attached to the head of the bed. Talia was
now a prisoner of this dominant doctor and her dominant lover. Chris had
approached the table now and stood at the end. Walking forward, he gently
spread her legs and slipped her feet into the stirrups. Standing between her
knees, he took straps attached to the stirrups and firmly covered her ankles
with them. She was now helpless to keep from having her legs spread. Susan
walked to the end of the table and pulled gently at Talia's naked hips.

Talia slid her bottom to the end of the table, letting her knees push up and
apart as he did so. The ankle straps on the stirrups kept her feet tightly held
down.

Susan took long leather straps and tied them around the tops of Talia's
thighs then pulled them down to keep Talia's bottom pulled toward the end
of the table.

Additional straps around her wrists kept Talia's arms pulled to the top of the
table. Her naked outstretched body was now offered completely to Susan
and Chris.

Susan re-adjusted the stirrups to further spread Talia's legs apart. Talia
closed her eyes, surrendering herself to her master and his friend. She sensed
rather than saw Susan move to the end of the table and step between the
stirrups. Susan's slender fingers slid through Talia's blond curly pubic hair.

Talia felt Susan gently tug at the short hair. A moment later, another tug
followed by the distinctive "snip" of scissors told Talia that her pubic hair
was being removed. The scissors were soon replaced by the warm wet
sensation of shaving cream as Susan rubbed it over the remaining stubble. A
safety razor pulled across the sensitive pubis of the young girl, leaving her
pussy now bare and smooth as it was when she was a child.

Chris moved up to Talia and tied a black silk scarf over her still-closed eyes.

Talia felt his hands glide down her face, touching with just his fingertips.
The fingers trailed further downward, tickling her neck, sliding down to her
breasts. Talia arched her back as her master held her nipples between his
thumb and forefinger. Chris squeezed and tugged upward, pulling Talia's
breasts upward. He let go, letting the nipples slip out of his grasp. Talia
gasped. Her nipples were now hard and swollen, sticking out almost their
full 3/4 inch length. Chris took the left one in his fingers again and pulled it
outward.

Talia moaned softly in appreciation. Her nipples were aching to be touched.

Chris watched Talia squirm as he let the nipple clip close gently on the thick
left nipple. The pressure was not painful but the thick brown nipple was now
squeezed with a steady pressure. He repeated the same procedure with the
right nipple. Susan had placed herself on a stool between Talia's bound legs.
 From there, her view of the pretty girl's outstretched body was unrestricted.
Susan smiled to herself as she watched Talia's now-bare pussy lubricate as
Chris played with her nipples.

With her nipples now firmly held by the clips and her body completely
restrained, Chris and Susan now turned their attention to between the young
girl's legs. The stimulation of Talia's large nipples was now showing
between her long athletic thighs. Susan and Chris could already see that her
now very visible pussy lips had puffed out and were pink from the rush of
blood through them.

Susan reached out with both hands and, using her thumbs, peeled back the
thick labia to reveal the delicate pink interior. Talia was soaked. She blushed
yet again as the two dominants exposed her more than she ever had been in
her life.

She did not know that she would be exposed much more than this before the
night was over.

Talia could hear Susan moving around but did not know what she was
doing. There was a counter at the end of the room and Susan was standing at
it. Talia's hearing became even more acute as she strained to hear what was
happening. For the moment, no one was touching her. The sharp clink of
something metallic made Talia jump. 'What were they going to do to her?'
she wondered. Talia sensed rather than saw Susan moving back between her
legs. A moment later, her thoughts were confirmed as Susan's slender
fingers gently stroked Talia's smooth pussy lips. Talia gasped at the
sensation. The shaving of her labia had made her lips ten times more
sensitive. She knew that if the woman doctor kept stroking her, she wouldn't
be able to help having an orgasm.

Susan was using two hands now, using her finger and thumbs to spread the
lips wide apart and show the hot, wet interior. After a few minutes of
stroking and teasing, the fingers stopped. The tension in the room went up a
notch. Neither Chris nor Susan said anything. Talia was breathing shallowly,
listening, tense for what might come next. The touch of the warm object at
her pussy lips made her start. 'What was it?' she thought. The object teased
the outside of her lips before Susan spread them once again and urged it
inside of her. 'A dildo or vibrator.' were Talia's first thought. But the feeling
wasn't quite right. Talia had enjoyed a variety of dildos and vibrators
inserted into her and this didn't feel like any of them. Susan eased the object
deeper until only a handle of some kind was left sticking out.

The object wasn't painful in any way but Talia held her breath, as though
being absolutely silent would help her determine the nature of the object that
had been inserted deep into her body. She didn't have long to wait before
finding out for certain. Susan reached down again and a moment later, Talia
felt the object move inside of her. It seemed alive for a moment and then she
realized what was happening. The object was getting wider, spreading apart.
In fact, the object was a Doctor's speculum. Just as had been inserted to her
while her feet were in the stirrups at her own doctor's office!

Susan squeezed the handle slowly watching the opening to Talia's shaven
pussy spread wide, wide apart. When the speculum was fully extended, she
locked the handle, leaving the young girl wide open for inspection.

Talia blushed deeply for what must have been the thousandth time. She
couldn't imagine being so embarrassed. She had been examined before but
this was different. It wasn't enough to be completely naked in front of her
Master and a strange dominant woman. Even her insides were to be on
display! With the speculum holding her wide open, the pressure on her clit
had increased. Despite herself, Talia felt herself getting even more excited.

Talia felt the tips of the Doctor's fingers stroking her inner thigh and along
the sensitive stretched sides of her open lips. The fingers traced outside her
pussy and trailed lower and lower until their tips were touching the bottom
of her pussy lips, dangerously close to her stretched rear passage. Although
Chris had teased Talia's ass several times, it was a part of her body that
always left her embarrassed to be played with. Talia tensed for a moment as
the fingers slid through her thick juices that continued to trickle down the
crack of her ass.

The fingers left and Talia was left with the sensations of the speculum
pressing against her clit and keeping her complete pussy exposed to the air.
The constant pressure on her thick, elongated nipples was a continuing
source of stimulation and Talia felt herself try to squirm in her bonds. The
doctor was back in a moment and Talia suddenly felt a very cool touch right
at the center of her anus. The Vaseline covered finger teased the outside of
the crinkled opening in tiny circles. Talia found that she was holding her
breath, knowing what must come next. Just the tip of the delicate female
finger nudged inside of Talia's bottom, opening her bottom up to her
Mistress as Talia gasped at the sensation.

The finger was motionless for a long pause as the younger girl got used to
the finger; then, relentlessly, it began to push in. Talia heard herself
whimper as if from a distance as the finger slowly pushed in as far as it
could go. Again it stopped and time seemed to stop too for Talia as she
waited for the next sensation. Now the finger began to twist slowly back and
forth in a long, full rotation. Talia had never felt anything like this. Along
with the rotation, the long delicate finger began sliding in and out in long
smooth motions. Despite herself, Talia felt herself trying to push herself
even harder onto the penetrating finger. On one stroke, the thin finger was
joined by a second and now two fingers were sliding in and out.

An orgasm was just moments away for Talia, she was sure but suddenly the
fingers pulled out again, leaving her gasping for air and squirming. Talia
moaned in frustration. The doctor moved away from the girl. Both Susan
and Chris could smell the young girl's sex as it continued to flood with her
juices. Talia felt a touch again at her now opened anus. Was it a butt plug,
she wondered? Chris had used a couple when they had played before and
although it embarrassed her severely, she had enjoyed the sensation. The
hard intruder at her rear twisted slightly and then slid in. It didn't feel like a
plug, thought Talia as it slid gently into her rectum. Combined with the
over-full sensation of the speculum in her vagina, Talia felt every millimeter
of this rectal intruder as it penetrated her. Finally it was all the way in. Talia
was struggling for oxygen now. It seemed she was gasping all the time. She
felt, rather than saw Chris lean close to her. He grasped one of the nipple
clips and pulled on it gently. "I think you'll enjoy this." he said. As he
pulled upward on the thick, sensitive nipple, the object in Talia's bottom
started to move. For a moment she couldn't place the sensation, but then it
hit her. The object was getting larger! Susan had inserted in a smaller
speculum into her rectum! Squeezing the handle, Susan watched Talia's
crinkled opening stretch as it opened until the skin was pulled smooth and
tight. Talia was whimpering openly now. She thought she had been exposed
before, but this was beyond her imagination! Susan chuckled. She knew that
the 2 objects were not hurting the girl, but she also knew that the sensations
of being opened at both holes simultaneously was incredible.

Talia was pulling at her bonds now, as the teasing of her body continued at
her nipples, pussy and ass. She thought this was as much as she could
expect, but of course, she was wrong. She could barely feel the tiny plastic
eggs as they were dropped into her pussy and inserted deep into her rectum
but as Susan turned the small but powerful vibrators on, she couldn't help
but notice.

Talia cried out loud as the sensation of the two strong vibrators started out
simultaneously from deep inside her belly. It was as if her whole body was
vibrating. She pulled frantically at her bonds as she felt her sensations being
pushed over the red-line. The orgasm started somewhere deep in her body
and spread outwards, gathering momentum like a snowball as it did. There
was no part of her body spared, from her nipples, to her anus to her
fingertips, the hot wave of her cumming hit like a freight train. Talia felt the
world close down as she almost lost consciousness. The first wave was
followed by a second and then a third, Talia did not keep count. She cried
out, pulled at her wrist and ankle straps but the orgasm kept going. She
wanted it to stop, wanted it to keep going and felt like she'd been cumming
for hours.

Finally, finally, finally it slowed down, leaving her hot, sweating body
heaving on the examination table. All there was for Talia was a warm glow
that went through every part of her body. She barely noticed first the
vibrators then the two instruments being pulled from between her legs. The
nipple clips were removed and Susan and Chris helped from the table and
into the hot tub.

It was a couple of hours later, with Chris and Talia now back home and
curled up around the fireplace when he finally looked down and asked if
she'd like playing "Doctor".

"Well." she said, smiling slightly, "I think you may need an examination
yourself sometime soon."




62 Kathy gives herself to her husband

    Kathy was excited. After weeks of thinking, she had finally figured out what
to get her husband David for his birthday. And not a moment too soon. Today was
the day!

    Kathy had wondered what she could give her husband that would be special
enough that his 35th birthday would be remembered for a long time and in a
moment of brilliance that morning it had come to her. David had just left for
work and Kathy was getting ready for her day. Stepping out of the shower, she
moved into their bedroom and stood in front of the full- length mirror. "Hmmm,
not bad." she thought. Her 32-year old body was still in trim shape thanks to a
regular exercise regimen and jogging three times a week. Kathy stood 5'6" and
weighed in at about 110lbs. Her breasts were not large, but were still very firm
with no evidence of sag whatsoever. Kathy turned sideways and saw that her
buttocks were also firm. David loved her ass and was always fondling it when
they were together.

    Suddenly it occured to Kathy what she could give David for a present.
Herself! She'd treat him to a night of fabulous sex. They hadn't had a sex
filled evening for ages. As the plan came together, Kathy had a better idea.
David had often told her of his fantasies of being a dominant lover or having
her play as his sex slave for the evening. Tonight she would offer her body to
her "Master" for the night.

    Kathy got dressed and jumped in the car. There was a sex- shop downtown she
knew of that would be just perfect for what she needed. Entering the store,
Kathy blushed, embarrassed at being there. Once she looked around, she was a bit
more comfortable. The store was brightly lit and the woman at the counter seemed
pleasant. Kathy looked up and down a couple of aisles, amazed at the incredible
collection of gadgets and magazines. She decided to return another day with
David to pick out some things together. Today, however, her needs were very
specific. On one counter were a number of handcuffs and Kathy picked out a pair
that looked solid and reliable. She moved toward the cash and was just about to
pay for her purchase when another item caught her attention. "Slippery
Rear-Lube" said the tube in bright colors. Kathy had always resisted having her
ass played with but the thought of what she was going to do tonight had made her
both wet and adventurous. She picked up the tube on impulse and put it next to
the handcuffs on the counter. "A good slave should offer all of herself to her
Master." she thought to herself with a smile.

    Back home, Kathy continued her preparations. She moved the living room
furniture around slightly to set the perfect scenario. Kathy and David's front
door opened directly onto the living room so this was where Kathy set the stage.
Moving the couch off to the side and them pulling the coffee table to the other
side left the middle of the living room completely open. Kathy pulled the large
easy chair to the center of the room and turned it so it was facing away from
the front door. The easy chair was just the right height for what she had in
mind.

    Kathy took an envelope and in large letters wrote "David, Open BEFORE
entering house!" She then sat down and wrote a short note and then put the note
and the keys to the handcuffs into the envelope. The note said:

    David,

    I know you've often talked about me being your sex
    slave for the night. Well tonight it's going to come
    true. I am giving myself to you body and soul for the
    night as a birthday present. Until the sun comes up, I
    will obey your every command, fulfill you every desire.
    You may do with my body as you choose. The keys in the
    envelope are to the handcuffs I know where.
    Happy birthday my Master, I love you.
    Kath.

    With a deep breath, Kathy sealed the envelope and left it on the table for
when she'd need it. Moving upstairs, she collected the other things she needed.
In her drawer there was a black silk scarf that was perfect for a blindfold. In
the back of her nightstand was the vibrator Kathy and David played with from
time to time. Kathy brought these to the living room and put them on the coffee
table with a bottle of baby oil from the bathroom. She hesitated a minute or two
then added the tube of lubricant from the sex-shop. With its bright label, she
knew that David would see it right away.

    Kathy went to the bathroom and treated herself to a luxurious bath. She
noticed her hands wandering over her mound and started to play with herself. She
had been itching to touch herself since this morning. With a real effort, Kathy
pulled her hands away. She'd save all that heat for her "Master".

    When she'd finished all her preparations and make up, she debated about
lingerie. Should she wear her sexy garter belt and stockings? Perhaps the teddy
that unsnapped at the crotch? Finally, she decided that nothing at all would be
just as effective. Pulling on a robe, Kathy padded from the bedroom into the
living room and picked up the phone. She found that David would be home at 5:30
and asked him to be righ on time and told him that she had prepared "something
special" for his birthday tonight.

    As 5:30 approched, Kathy became more and more nervous. She almost cancelled
the whole idea a hundred times as she wondered what her husband would do with
her.

    At 5:20, with her heart thumping madly, she took the envelope with the keys
and note and taped it to the outside of the front door. Kathy removed her robe
and hun it up in the hall closet. She checked once again that the living room
curtains were firmly closed and then went over to the easy chair. Standing
behind the chair, she took the silk scarf and tied it carefully over her eyes.
She made sure it was both tight and that it covered her eyes completely.

    The loss of sight had her pussy twitch. She was dying to touch herself. "If
I do that, I'll come in about 30 seconds." she thought to herself and that would
never do. Kathy had placed the handcuffs on the back of the easy chair and she
felt for them there. She clicked one half over her left wrist and then placed
her hands behind her. With another steel click, her commitment to the evening
was assured. Now the only person who could release her was David.

    The chair back was the perfect height and Kathy carefully bent over it at
the waist until her pretty blond head was resting on the pillows. She rested her
hips on the chair back and spread her feet wide apart as she did so. Bent over
like that, Kathy could feel her tight buttocks naturally part to offer both of
her holes to her Master. She imagined the view from the rear as he walked in the
front door and knew he'd be pleased.

    Kathy knew there were only a few minutes to wait but even so her mind
started to race with what was about to happen to her. With her rear so exposed
and the lubricating jelly in plain view, she knew her bottom would soon be
penetrated by her husband at leisure. His finger certainly followed by perhaps
his cock, or even the vibrator she realized! As the sound of a car pulled into
the driveway it occured to her that she had not let David know that he must come
home alone! Kathy almost jumped up from the chair and her heart pounded like mad
as she listened intently to the footsteps coming up the walk. Was it one set or
two? Holding her breath, she decided that she would have to just trust her
husband, her master.

    Kathy heard the sound of the envelope being pulled from the door and the
ripping sound as it opened. Despite the blindfold, her eyes were clenched shut
now as she waited for what would come next. A moment later the door opened and
her adventure began.




63 Jim Finds a Dominant Girlfriend

Jim wondered how he had ever ended up in this predicament. He was at
home, in his apartment, but the position he was in was unusual. The only
article of clothing that Jim was wearing was a blindfold. He was on his bed
on his knees waiting in what was a very embarrassing position for him and
all because of Heather, his girlfriend.

It hadn't started out this way. Jim had been on the rebound when he met
Heather at a party of a mutual friend. She was drop-dead gorgeous. Just
twenty-six years old, only 2 years younger than Jim, Heather was blond,
5'5" tall with a 34-24-34 body. Regular visits to the health club kept her
body in incredible shape and Jim wasn't the only person whose head
swiveled that night at the party. Heather had been wearing a short mini-dress
with a deep plunging back. It was obvious that she was wearing no bra and
the skirt was tight enough that it was questionable whether she was even
wearing panties.

Jim was captivated by her at first sight. At some point during the evening it
was Heather who came over to Jim and struck up a conversation. They met
again later that week and had been seeing each other ever since for the last 6
months.

At first sex with Heather was straightforward. She was energetic in bed and
constantly being imaginative. She was willing to try anything once and the
young couple had tried just about everything. Over the last couple of
months, however, a trend had started to surface.

It started with an innocent comment one night. Jim had been late for a date
and when he had finally picked up Heather for dinner, it had been almost an
hour and a half later than expected. In the car Jim had apologized for being
late and not calling to let Heather know. She had smiled and said "It's ok,
but next time I'll turn you over my knee." Jim had laughed, perhaps a little
too loudly and when he looked sideways at Heather to see if she was serious
or not, she was just smiling at him.

A week later, Jim was late again. This time, dinner was at Heather's and
again he didn't call. Heather let him into the apartment. Jim went sat down
in the living room and started to apologize. Heather walked over to him and
said, "Do you remember what I said I'd do if you were late again?" Jim
certainly did but didn't think she could be serious. Heather held out her hand
"Come with me." she said.

"You can't be serious." said Jim.

"I was never more serious in my life." said his girlfriend.

"Well forget it."

"Fine." said Heather "But then you'd better leave because I'm not going to
stand for such unacceptable behavior going unanswered, and if you leave,
you won't be back." Heather walked to the door opened it and held it for
him. Jim couldn't believe it. He froze for a moment and then mumbled
"Ok."

"What? I didn't hear you." said Heather closing the door and coming back to
stand in front of him.

"I said ok then." said Jim in a quiet voice.

Heather held out her hand again and Jim took it and followed her to the end
of the room.

"Take off your pants." she said. Jim did so feeling foolish. "Now the
underwear and the socks too while you're at it."

Jim was left in only his shirt and despite the unusual circumstances, he felt
himself getting hard. His erection started to poke up and out of his shirt.

Heather just smiled as she noticed.

"Mmmm, enjoying this are you?"

Jim blushed at the comment.

"Now stand in the corner there with your nose pressed to the corner of the
room.

I'll let you know when it's time for your spanking."

Jim did as he was told feeling even more naked as he lost sight of the room.
He felt like his now bare buttocks were on display to Heather. Behind him
he could hear Heather moving about the apartment, seemingly in no hurry to
get started.

It was about 10 minutes before she was ready.

"All right then." she said, "Now turn around and come over here. Jim turned
to see Heather sitting in one of the kitchen chairs she had moved to the
center of the living room. She had changed and was now wearing only her
lace teddy. Jim's cock stiffened again as he saw her dark nipples poking
through the shear fabric.

Heather patted her lap and motioned Jim to lay across it. Once he was in
position he felt her hand slide up his thighs and push them apart. His
straining cock started to twitch again as she squeezed his balls gently.

"Now." she said "Do you know why you're being punished?"

"Yes," said Jim.

A sharp smack on Jim's right buttock made him gasp.

"Yes what?" said Heather.

"Yes Miss" said Jim.

"That's better." said his girlfriend. Now then, since this is your first
spanking, I'll try to go easy on you but don't expect to get up until my hand
has these buns nice and hot."

Jim was starting to squirm. As Heather spoke, her fingers were trailing up
and down his buttocks. Every fourth or fifth stroke or so, her long fingernail
slid up his crack from the back of his balls, right across his anus to the small
of his back. Every time it crossed his anus, his cock twitched involuntarily
against Heather's naked thigh.

The fingers stopped and the spanking started. All in all it wasn't that hard
but as promised, Jim's bottom was hot when she finished. Once she was
done, it was back in the corner for another ten minutes with his bottom "On
display". Finally Heather came up behind him and told him to turn around.
Jim turned to find Heather completely naked and kneeling in front of him.
She leaned forward and took his now aching hardon into her mouth and
within a couple of minutes had him shaking at the knees as he came in a
thundering orgasm. She hungrily swallowed it all.

Much later, while lying in bed, Heather snuggled up to him and asked, "You
didn't mind your spanking too much did you?"

Jim had shaken his head.

"Do you like when I take charge," asked Heather.

"It was fun when you did." said Jim.

"Well maybe I will again," she said.

That had been the first time, but by no means the last. With this newfound
area of their sexual relationship uncovered, Heather had been exploring it
with incredible zeal. Each week it seemed, she had a new way of having him
be submissive to her. Sometimes it was as simple as having him naked while
she was completely clothed. Other times she had tied him securely while
teasing his body. The spankings continued with some regularity and other
punishments were also introduced. Jim had discovered the feeling of nipple
clips on his sensitive nipples and once a paddle had replaced Heather's hand
in his spanking. Just like the first time, Heather's fingers occasionally teased
his bottom. A couple of times Jim had been sure that she would slide a
finger in but it had not happened. He was sure that if she did so he would not
be able to keep from coming.

This week had seen something new again. Friday's date was to be at Jim's
apartment. On Thursday, a package arrived at the office with his name on it.
It was from Heather. Inside was a videotape and a note saying 'Be sure to
watch this tonight'.

That night Jim had plugged the video into the VCR and had sat down to
watch. The subject had been a shock. The tape started with a view of
Heather's living room.

Heather had walked into the picture a moment later.

"Hello lover" said his girlfriend's image. "I bet you're wondering why the
video? Well, Jill is helping me tape this so I could send you this very special
message. I know we have a date tomorrow and I want you to be ready for
me just the way I want you. Just to be sure, I'm going to show you what I
expect.

"You've been a naughty boy again this week and you know what that
means.

Remember the first time I spanked you in this room?"

Heather was walking around her living room and the camera followed her.
Jim blushed as he realized that Heather's girlfriend Jill was watching and
listening as Heather told his submissive secret.

Heather walked over to the corner of the room that Jim had now spent many
times in and pressed herself into the corner. "Remember standing her like
this?" she asked over her shoulder. "But of course you are usually more
exposed than I am at the moment. Don't worry, tomorrow night you'll be
standing in the corner of your bedroom after your spanking. That's not how
I want you to prepare for me this time though. Come on and I'll show you."

Heather left the living room and the camera followed along, moving down
the corridor and into her large bedroom.

"I'll want you waiting for me in your bedroom." she said. "Now, I'll want
you to be completely naked for me." Heather started to remove her shirt. As
usual, she was not wearing a bra. Jim felt his cock growing as he watched
his girlfriend strip for the camera. That she was doing so in front of Jill
made him even hotter. The skirt was next and then the high-cut panties,
leaving Heather completely nude.

"You may want to watch this part several times." said Heather, but I expect
you to be in the perfect position when I arrive at 8:00 o'clock. I'll want you
on the bed like this." Heather got up on the edge of the bed on her knees
facing away from the bedroom door. The camera was now almost directly
behind her and she talked to it over her shoulder. "There is one piece of
clothing I'd like you to wear." she said and picked up silk scarf from the
bed. "Make sure the blindfold covers your eyes completely. I don't want you
able to see a thing."

Heather tied the ends of the scarf behind her head and then spoke again.
"Once you're blindfolded, arrange yourself exactly as I'm doing on my
bed."

Heather turned around to face away from the camera and adjusted herself so
that her ankles were just hanging over the edge of the bed. She spread her
knees wide, wide apart and then slowly bent at the waist until her head was
resting on the bedspread. The effect was not lost on Jim. Heather's ass was
raised high up in the air and her buttocks naturally spread apart to give a
perfect view of her pussy from behind and, of course, the crinkled opening
of her anus. Jim could hear his heart pounding as he watched. Now
Heather's hands reached around behind her and she placed one on each of
her buttocks. Then, in a movement that made Jim gasp, she pulled her
buttocks wide apart!

The camera moved in slightly but it didn't need to. Jim could not have
imagined a more exposing position. The camera kept the view for a good
minute or two and Jim was motionless, captivated by the sight. Finally
Heather lifted herself up and pulled off her blindfold.

"Remember" she said, smiling directly into the camera, "I expect you to be
in that exact position at 8 o'clock and you are to stay in that position until
you're told otherwise. I'll be using my key to get in. Oh yes, one other
thing."

Heather reached over to the dresser and picked something up. "I picked up
this little toy while Jill and I were at the sex shop today. You can expect to
become acquainted with it tomorrow." Heather lifted her hand to show her
new "toy".

Jim stared in disbelief. The toy was in fact a butt plug. The flesh coloured
dildo was very tapered at the end then flared out to about an inch in diameter
before narrowing at the "neck". The base of the 5 inch plug was very wide
so that the sphincter muscles could not pull the object deep into the body.
Jim had seen such toys before but now his girlfriend seemed to indicate that
he would be on the receiving end of this one!

The screen faded to black leaving Jim very excited. He replayed the video
over and over. Now here it was, 8 o'clock on Friday, and he was naked but
for a blindfold on his own bed. His hands kept his buttocks wide apart as he
waited.

The sound of the front door opening made him jump. It closed loudly and he
found his hearing listening intently for the sound of footsteps. He could hear
footsteps walking around the living room for a few minutes before walking
down the hall. 'My God!' he suddenly thought, 'What if she's not alone.' As
scary as that thought was Jim's cock twitched at the thought.

Finally Jim heard the door to his bedroom creak open. He could feel that he
was being looked at and his cock seemed to get, impossibly, longer.

What would happen next, he wondered. He did not have long to wait.




64 Jennifer's Spanking

Jennifer waited once again. Her position could not be more vulnerable for a
girl already in her teens. She was bent far over, her head hanging down with
outstretched arms, her feet spread and hanging down also. Jennifer's tightly
muscled bottom was the highest point of her body and its prominence was
made all the more acute by the fact that Jennifer was completely nude.

Jennifer closed her eyes wishing that the humiliating punishment that she
would soon suffer was already over. How on earth could she have ended up
in this position again? Well the answer to that wasn't too hard to come by.
Being caught smoking behind the house with her cousin Alison meant that
she was in for more than a quick trip across her mother's knee. Now here
she was, spread and exposed over the 'punishment' bench in the basement
waiting for her father to come down and correct her errant behavior. As
much as Jennifer tried to think pleasant thoughts her mind kept coming back
to the punishment at hand and the embarrassment of a seventeen year old
being so exposed for it.

Punishments hadn't always been like this, she reminisced. Oh, there had
always been spankings. Both of Jennifer's parents came from strict
European upbringings and firmly believed in the benefits of corporal
correction. Jennifer was often pulled over one parent's or the other's knee
for a quick skirt-up, panties down bare-bottomed spanking.

As early as Jennifer could remember, spankings came in one of two
varieties.

Simple transgressions meant instant punishment over whichever parent's lap
was closest. Spankings were always on the bare regardless of who was
present or how much pleading was made. More serious crimes usually
meant waiting until after supper for a punishment to occur. This meant
waiting for ages and wondering how bad it would be. The anticipation of
such punishments usually made them seem twice as bad.

Evening punishments were usually meted out by Jennifer's dad who might
have her over his knee, bent over a stool or couch arm or lying face down on
her bed over a couple of doubled-up pillows. Spankings might be with a
hand, the hairbrush or a leather strap depending on the severity of the
misdeed. Evening punishments meant stripping down completely and the
embarrassment of doing so became more humiliating as Jennifer went
through puberty and developed both pubic hair and B-cup breasts. Evening
punishments also always meant 'corner time' with Jennifer standing in the
corner of the sitting room, nose to the corner, hands on her head displaying
her freshly spanked bottom to whoever happened into the room. On several
occasions Jennifer had to suffer the added embarrassment of someone from
outside the family seeing her naked body in the corner. On several occasions
it was her aunt and uncle who lived not far away but every once in a while
friends of her mom and dad would enjoy the view. Twenty or thirty minutes
of this exposing display would usually ensure that Jennifer would not soon
forget her transgressions.

Thankfully Jennifer only merited an "evening" punishment about every six
or eight weeks. The punishment bench had started only about three years
ago when Jennifer was fourteen as a result of getting into real trouble. Being
caught shoplifting had ensured that the young adolescent girl was in for the
punishment of her life.

It was Jennifer's father who had picked her up from the store manager's
office that Friday afternoon. When sending her to her room that night,
Jennifer had been told that her punishment would be delayed until Saturday
evening. Jennifer had to spend the day in her room until Saturday so she
hadn't been able to see her father's preparations in the basement.

Dressed in only her dressing gown, Jennifer had been led by her mother
down into the basement that evening. After removing her gown, Jennifer had
to stand, naked with her hands clasped over her head while her father had
lectured her on the evils of stealing. Jennifer remembered how she had been
mortified that her nipples stuck out, erect, from her body. Jennifer had
always been a little embarrassed by the large size of her nipples when hard.
Like her mother, she had been blessed with particularly long and thick
nipples. She felt betrayed by them getting hard when standing in front of her
father like that.

Once the lecture was over, Jennifer made her acquaintance with the new
"spanking bench". She would come to know it many times over the next
three years. The middle of the bench looked like a padded vaulting horse at a
little above waist level. Jennifer had to present herself to the side of the
bench and bend over it. Little slots for her hands and a bar for her to hold
were on a frame in front of her. This left her hands outstretched in front of
her and spread about eighteen inches apart. A pad and a pillow provided a
rest for Jennifer's head but this meant that her breasts and their still
protuberant nipples hung free beneath her.

Once in this bent-over position, Jennifer found herself with her head and
arms about a foot below the level of her upraised bottom. To ensure that she
would not move about, a wide leather belt was attached over the small of her
back holding her down firmly to the softly padded vault. Jennifer's wrists
were also restrained with soft leather straps. Her bottom was now pulled
tight and the firm, still boyish buttocks of the fourteen-year-old were pulled
somewhat apart to leave her completely exposed. Jennifer's positioning was
not yet complete however. Jennifer remembered how first her left leg was
lifted, bent slightly at the knee and then lifted over a peg about twelve inches
to her left. The peg was padded and fit just at the back of her knee.
Jennifer's foot rested in another slot whose leather strap held her ankle
firmly. The procedure was repeated with her right leg leaving her buttocks
now tightly spread and bent but even worse, Jennifer was now completely
exposed from the rear with both her lightly downed pussy and her crinkled
anus fully on display.

Just before the spanking started, Jennifer remembered with vivid clarity how
her mother had opened a small foil pack and removed a long gelatin capsule
from it.

"This is a ginger suppository Jennifer and you're going to find that it will
help you remember this lesson after your spanking has finished," said her
Mom.

Jennifer was confused for a moment about what a suppository was but that
confusion was quickly resolved as her mother moved between her
outstretched legs and touched the end of the capsule to the center of
Jennifer's tight anus.

Jennifer cried out in surprise and then alarm as the small object was pushed
past her sphincter muscle. Her toes curled involuntarily as her mother used
her finger to drive the suppository deep into her rectum. Almost instantly the
caustic burning sensation of the ginger caused Jennifer to cry out. Her
parents could see the effects of the harsh intruder as their daughter's anus
clenched and released in rapid succession.

Jennifer remembered that spanking as one of the all time worst. Waiting
naked in the sitting room corner with her bottom on fire both inside and out
had been an unpleasant experience. She remembered swearing that she
would never get in trouble again but here she was, waiting, naked, spread
and exposed three years later just as she had been on that very first 'bench'
spanking. This evening, Jennifer had been told to go to the basement and
prepare herself. So, here she was, naked, bent over the punishment bench
with her bare and spread open bottom pointing at the door. She had been
waiting in this position for a good twenty minutes now and although she was
not physically uncomfortable (yet!), being seventeen and this exposed was
very embarrassing. Worse, Jennifer knew that her aunt and uncle were
visiting this evening and that meant she would be naked in front of her uncle
again after her punishment. That hadn't happened in almost two years and
Jennifer had grown significantly in that time. Jennifer wasn't looking
forward to standing in the corner with her naked red bottom on display to
her relatives.

The sound of the door opening brought Jennifer back to the here-and-now.
She closed her eyes and waited as the sound of her father's footsteps brought
him to her side. In a few moments the wide leather belt had been pulled snug
over the small of her back and her wrists and ankles were firmly held by
their own leather straps. Jennifer heard her father move back behind her
where she knew her spread open thighs revealed everything to his gaze.

"You're certainly right about her being spread open John."

Jennifer's eyes few open. Her uncle was in the room! Jennifer heard him
chuckle as she tried in vain to pull her knees together. The padded pegs at
the back of her knees prevented her from doing more than flexing her thigh
muscles and thus giving the men an even better show.

"Yes, it does position her quite well for punishment," said Jennifer's father.

"Daddy!" pleaded Jennifer.

"I'm sorry Jennifer, but you've just brought this on yourself. It seems that
warming your bottom alone doesn't seem to keep you from following the
simplest of rules from your mother and myself.

Perhaps the embarrassment of having your Uncle Doug see you being
punished will make a difference."

The embarrassment of being this exposed to her uncle was not lost on
Jennifer.

The helplessness of her position only seemed to magnify the feeling.
Already she could feel the tears welling up. Jennifer's father and uncle were
determined that Jennifer be as embarrassed as possible and they weren't
quite finished with her yet.

"You've certainly grown in the last couple of years," said her uncle from
behind her, "Not enough it seems to keep you and Alison from staying out
of trouble.

It's amazing how they grow into little women isn't it John?" said her uncle.

Jennifer felt a short tap on her bottom. It felt like the tip of a riding crop. She
knew what that felt like from experience.

"Of course, when you've got them in this position you can see just how
much they've grown," he went on. "You'll see a bit later John that Alison's
bottom has filled out just like Jennifer's here." Jennifer felt each of her
buttocks tapped smartly in turn by the crop. "Where you see Jennifer's hair
here is golden blond, you'll see that Alison is brown." Jennifer felt the tip of
the crop tap her sharply right on the center of her pussy! She gasped and
then let out a little cry at the humiliation of being smacked like that by her
uncle.

Jennifer heard her uncle's footsteps as her walked around the spread open
teenager. She squeezed her eyes tightly closed trying in desperation to hold
back the tears.

"Jennifer's breasts seem a little smaller than Ali's," said her uncle, "but you
can tell me what you think when you see Alison. My goodness, there is no
comparing their nipples though!" he said. Jennifer felt the tip of the crop tap
once then again a little sharper against her left nipple. Against her own
volition, the fat nipple extended to its full turgid length. "These are very
large nipples John," said Jennifer's uncle as he took a closer look, "You'll
find Alison's quite a bit smaller."

"Yes, they get quite long and thick when she's excited or, like now, scared,"
said Jennifer's father.

"I'll say!" said her uncle as he gave a last tiny tap to her now achingly hard
nipple.

This final humiliation was too much and Jennifer felt the first of many tears
this evening roll down her cheeks. Through her tears, Jennifer dimly heard
the two men discussing her and punishments in general. Suddenly the
speaking ended and the room became very quiet. Jennifer choked back her
tears and held her breath. Her punishment was about to start.

"Jennifer, do you know why you're being punished?" asked her father.

"Yes, Sir and I'm very sorry and I promised never to try smoking again."

Jennifer's voice was quivering.

"Well, you'll be sorrier in a minute," said her father. "I'm going to give that
saucy bottom of yours a good taste of the hairbrush."

Jennifer caught a sob at the back of her throat as she said, "Yes, Sir." again.

"Also, as I'm sure you expect, you'll be getting a suppository which you'll
keep in that bottom of yours until your corner time is over."

Jennifer's sob couldn't be contained now and it burst forth with a fresh
torrent of tears.

"Just to ensure that the embarrassment part of your punishment isn't
forgotten too soon, I'm going to have your uncle Doug insert it."

"Daddy! No, Please!" cried out Jennifer but the tip of the stinging
suppository was already touching the center of Jennifer's tight anal ring. She
felt one of her uncle's hands palping her buttock to spread her anus to the
maximum extent possible then the thin long slippery capsule was slid past
her anus and into her rectum. Jennifer's uncle watched with interest as his
niece's strong athletic thighs squeezed at the padded pegs holding them
apart. The tip of his finger was still held at the entrance to the teenage girl's
anus, which grasped and released it with a frantic 'winking' motion as the
burning sensation of the ginger began to go to work. Pushing forward
slowly, he worried the capsule deep into the young girl's bowels and was
rewarded by the sight of Jennifer's small feet and toes curling tightly in
response. Doug had never used a ginger suppository when punishing his
daughter Alison but he knew he would do so from now on beginning with
tonight.

Jennifer felt the long thick finger of her uncle twist as he pulled it from deep
within her body. The suppository was already working it way on her from
her anus to well up her rectum and she tugged helplessly at the leather straps
as she tried to squirm in relief. She was moaning out loud now at the
sensation but that would not last long as her uncle stepped back.

The first smack of the hairbrush took her breath away and the heat of it was
only starting to spread when the second smacked down on the opposite
buttock. In rapid succession, Jennifer's father smacked her bottom until it
was a bright pink from the top of her tan line to the crease of her thighs.
Jennifer was crying openly now as her father paused and ran the bristle side
of the brush over her buttocks. Jennifer's hips twitched as the light
scratching sensation awakened her over-sensitized bottom. The paddling
recommenced with John paying particular attention to Jennifer's sensitive
inner buttocks and the soft curve below her bottom. With her spread open
position, virtually all of her bottom was available for punishment from her
crack outwards. When John paused for a second time to let his sobbing
daughter catch her breath, his bristle-side strokes of the brush covered the
entire area. When stroking the brush down her sensitive crack, John dragged
the brush lengthwise from the small of her back across her anus to her
perineum.

The third and final set of smacks was the hardest yet and Jennifer was
sobbing uncontrollably when they finished. Jennifer's father and uncle
released the straps and pulled the still crying teenager to her feet. Jennifer
knew better than to attempt to cover up, although at this point she couldn't
care less that she was giving her father and uncle even more of a show.

Taking his nude daughter by the arm, John led Jennifer up the stairs and into
the living room where Jennifer's mother, aunt and cousin Alison were
waiting.

"Into the corner young lady." said her father. Jennifer moved to the familiar
corner of the room. Placing her hands on her head, she moved forward until
her nose was pressed right into the corner. She moved her feet about
eighteen inches apart and turned her toes inward, as she had been taught. In
this position, she knew it would be very hard to clench her buttocks, which
felt about twice their normal size.

Jennifer was on fire inside and out. The ginger suppository had now fully
melted inside of her leaving a hot burning sensation all along her rectal
canal. Her buttocks, of course, were still burning hot and she was sure that
they were providing a bright red sight to those watching. Jennifer hated
'corner time'. In some ways she felt even more exposed than over the bench.
Her tears were still rolling down her face but she knew she wouldn't be
allowed to lower her hands until her time in the corner was over.

"All right Alison," said Jennifer's aunt Sara, "Now you know what's in store
for you. Your aunt and I are going to bring you downstairs for your
punishment."

At least I won't be miserable by myself, thought Jennifer as her cousin was
led downstairs by the two older women.

The basement door closed leaving the two men sitting and looking at John's
naked and red-bottomed daughter. Jennifer squeezed her eyes shut and
settled down to wait.




65 Pregnant Submission

Nicole closed her eyes and luxuriated in the warm water of her bubble bath.
She sank a little lower in the oversized tub silently thanking her husband for
perhaps the thousandth time for insisting on installing the extra large tub.

Even when she hadn't been pregnant it had been a decadent sensation but
now, with her distended belly weighing her down, it was hard to imagine life
without it.

Nicole opened her eyes into the candle-lit room and let her hands stroke her
tummy. "God I'm only 8 months." she thought. "Surely I won't get any
larger."

The combination of the warm water and her light fingertips was having its
usual effect on the pretty 25-year-old blond. Nicole could feel that familiar
twinge between her legs as she began to get turned on. In her half-reclining
position, she could still reach below her round bell to her pussy. Nicole
gasped softly as her fingers found her tight clit. "Mmmm" she moaned,
"Ooooh, I'd better be careful for I'll come before Brad gets home and that
would never do."

Nicole had heard different stories from different girlfriends but for her,
pregnancy had seemed to make both her and Brad horny all the time.
"Hmmm," she mused to herself, "Almost an hour until Brad's home. Maybe
his little slave girl should surprise him."

Nicole and Brad had always enjoyed domination and submission games in
the bedroom and Nicole loved to play the submissive role. One of the things
she had done almost since the start of their relationship was to keep her
pussy submissively shaved smooth. Nicole had once had a light down of
blond curly hair down there but no more. She took this opportunity in the
bath to remove any hint of hair over her now pink and swollen pubis.

Nicole finished up in the bath and dried off thinking of how she would
'prepare' herself for her dominant husband. She started with the baby oil.
Working slowly, she started oiling her body from head to toe, paying
particular attention to her breasts and pussy. Nicole's breasts and pussy.
Nicole's breasts had never been large, a 'B' cup at best but now, 8 months
pregnant, they had swollen to a solid size 'C'. They were very sensitive. Her
nipples, however, had become impossibly long. Nicole had always been
blessed with nipples that were somewhat oversized for her tight breasts, but
now the fat dark nipples stretched for over an inch when erect. "That seemed
to be all the time these days," thought Nicole as she watched her areola
crinkle in a light draft of air. Nicole sucked in her breath slightly as her
nipples tightened achingly hard.

Nicole rubbed the oil over as much of her back as she could reach before
covering her round buttocks. With one hand, she slid her well-oiled fingers
between the cheeks of her bottom and along her crack. Unable to resist,
Nicole let her middle finger slide effortlessly into her anus to the first
knuckle.

"Mmmm, I'm sure Brad will be giving this part of me plenty of attention."
chuckled Nicole. Pushing a little harder, the well-oiled finger slid deeper
into Nicole's rectum eliciting a moan before the young girl pulled her hand
reluctantly away.

Glancing at her watch, Nicole realized she had better hurry if she was going
to surprise Brad. Pausing in the bedroom only long enough to take one of
her silk scarves from her drawer, Nicole made her way down to the living
room. The front door opened directly into the living room and Nicole
wanted to be the first thing that Brad discovered.

By pushing the coffee table off to one side, Nicole left the whole carpeted
area open for play. She took several of the throw cushions from the couch
and placed them one over the other in the middle of the room. "This should
be perfect." she thought as she knelt down in front of the pillows. Nicole had
arranged herself to be facing away from the front door in a position that she
knew Brad would find irresistible. With a last glance at her watch, Nicole
figured she had between 5 and 10 minutes left so it was definitely time to get
ready. Reaching up, she carefully tied the scarf so that her eyes were
completely covered. She shuffled forward on her knees until they touched
the cushions and then bent carefully over them arranging her swollen belly
to hang down freely from her body. Nicole shifted positions slightly to make
sure she was comfortable and then spread her knees wide open. She could
feel her buttocks part naturally as she did so leaving her pussy and anus
exposed for 'inspection'. Snaking a hand down between her legs, Nicole
gently stroked her pussy and then spread her sensitive inner lips wide before
pulling her hand away. "Now he'll be able to see just how wet I am." she
thought.

In the few minutes she had to wait, Nicole got more and more turned on. She
loved this kind of submissiveness and the anticipation of waiting was often
one of the best parts. Her mind went into overdrive as she imagined what
might be done to her by her dominant husband. The sound of the front door
opening made Nicole gasp with excitement.

"Honey, I'm home." called out Brad.

Nicole remained silent, holding her breath as she listened for his
movements.

"Hmmm, What have we here?" said Brad as his footsteps carried him into
the living room.

The sight that greeted the young man was enough to excite anyone. Brad's
8-month pregnant wife, a shapely blond was completely exposed in the most
submissive of positions. With her knees wide apart and her bottom raised by
the cushions, Brad had a perfect view of both her crinkled brown anus and
her swollen pussy lips.

The soft light of the living room only served to highlight the slippery, oiled
skin and the smoothness of Nicole's shaven lips.

Brad smiled as he enjoyed the view. Leaving Nicole in her submissive,
widely spread position, Brad moved into the bedroom where he quickly
removed his clothing. With a quick stop on the way back to the living room,
Brad was soon back behind his beautiful pregnant wife. Kneeling down
behind her Brad got an even closer look at her body. Nicole's tight brown
anus was twitching. Nicole could sense her husband right behind her, only
inches from her widely exposed body. She knew the muscles of her anus
were twitching as though they were nervous to be penetrated, but she
couldn't help it. The movement was completely involuntary.

Brad looked a little lower to see Nicole's bare pussy lips. The pregnancy had
made them fatter, longer and almost always wetter than they had been
previously.

Nicole's arousal was obvious with her juices already starting to trickle down
the sides of her thighs. Brad couldn't resist running his finger down the
soaking slit to find her clit. Nicole gasped at this first sensation. Her clit was,
of course, achingly hard. Brad's finger tickling the end of it didn't make it
any less aroused.

Brad's fingers left Nicole's body and she strained her ears trying to hear
what he was doing. If she had been able to see, Nicole might well have
closed her eyes again. Brad was just opening their jar of Vics Vap-O-Rub.
He knew that Nicole would be expecting her bottom to be thoroughly teased
and that she almost certainly be expecting a teasing lubrication with the
Vaseline she had thoughtfully provided.

Dipping his finger deep into the jar, Brad covered it with the warming gel.
Brad moved his finger forward until the tip hovered over the tiny brown
opening. It was close enough that the gel at the tip of his finger was now
touching the very center of Nicole's anus but his finger as yet was not. Brad
moved his fingers in minute circles.

Nicole gasped as the cool sensation of the Vics touched her most sensitive
opening. Brad's finger teased the crinkled brown opening with the tip of his
finger covering the brown ring with the pungent gel. The heat-generating
jelly was just starting to have effect and it was immediately obvious to Brad.
As the sensitive muscle began to feel the heat Nicole's anus began clenching
and releasing in earnest. Brad heard Nicole's low moan as she realized that
the cool lubricant was not, in fact, Vaseline.

As Nicole's anal muscle relaxed, Brad took advantage to slip just the tip of
his finger past her sphincter. Nicole's bottom clenched involuntarily and
Brad had to hold his finger steady as the movement pulled at his finger. He
smiled once again as he felt Nicole struggle to relax the tight rear aperture.
Just as she succeeded, Brad slid his finger slowly but firmly all the way into
her rectum.

Nicole couldn't help but gasp at the intrusion. Brad's finger twisted
sensuously through a full rotation as he coated the sensitive inner
membranes of her rectum with the sensitizing gel. Nicole's anus was
clenching hard at Brad's finger now but the Vics had served to lubricate her
thoroughly. Brad pulled his finger almost all the way from her bottom then
slid it in again hard.

"Oh Please..." whispered Nicole.

It was unclear what she was asking for but Brad could guess. His pretty wife
had probably been getting worked up for ages and was now ready to be
brought to a climax. Brad had a few tricks up his sleeve first.

Pulling his finger from his pretty wife, he left the Vics to work on the
sensitive opening, knowing that it would get steadily warmer in her already
hot bottom.

Nicole could already feel the effects in a path from the highest point on her
body, her exposed anus along her rectum to what seemed like deep inside of
her.

The jelly seemed to continue to heat up adding to the heat that seemed to be
constantly a part of Nicole's body these days. In the past few weeks it
seemed like she was always running a temperature but now she felt like her
core body temperature had instantly doubled.

Brad was not done yet. Reaching into the toy bag he had brought with him
from the bedroom, Brad took out one of their smallest rectal plugs. Nicole
was no stranger to a variety of toys to be used inside of her body but with
the pregnancy advancing, she felt more comfortable and just as excited with
something small in her bottom. Covering the thin white rubber plug with
more Vics, Brad teased the tip of it into her twitching bottom.

"Oh!" gasped Nicole as the plug slid in deeper. Nicole tried in vain to relax
her bottom but the effect of the Vics was already taking over control of her
anal muscles. She clenched and unclenched involuntarily as Brad teased the
long thin plug into her. The rectal plug got wider and wider until the round
ridge at the middle was up against her anus. Brad waited for her anus to
"wink" open then pushed the ridge gently past her anus and into the depths
of her rectum. The wide "T" base kept the plug from disappearing into her
body and the wide round ridge would ensure that it stayed there until Brad
decided to remove it.

With the tip of the plug sticking out from between Nicole's pretty buttocks,
Brad took advantage to heat up other parts of her.

"You've been very naughty." he said softly as his right hand stroked all over
her swaying bottom.

"Oh yes Sir. I've been awfully naughty and I think I should be punished."

Brad's response was a light spank on Nicole's left buttock. Nicole moaned
softly. Brad spanked his pretty wife all over her tightly stretched bottom
until the two globes were a light pink. Every fourth or fifth spank was a little
harder and every minute or two, Brad tapped the end of the rectal plug
lightly getting a gasp or yelp at the sensations he was causing. By the time
he was done, Nicole's bottom was warm to the touch just as the inside of her
bottom was hot.

Brad dipped the finger and thumb of each hand back into the Vics and
reached around his bent over and submissive wife. With the blindfold firmly
covering her eyes, she had no idea what would happen next but Brad could
see from her slowly swaying hips that she was already very turned on.

Brad carefully grasped Nicole's left nipple between his thumb and fingers of
his left hand. The Vics on his fingers slid all over the hard brown nipple.
Brad had always loved Nicole's long nipples but this pregnancy had made
them absolutely incredible in size. They were always long and fat and now
almost always hard. He squeezed and rolled the thick nubbin in his fingers
and reached at the same time for the right nipple, hanging downward from
her swollen breast. Nicole gasped again as he had both her thick nipples in
his hand. The slippery nature of the Vics meant that he couldn't squeeze too
hard without her nipples slipping free of his grasp but at the moment, that
suited Nicole just fine as her nipples were incredibly sensitive.

Having squeezed and tugged at the thick brown buttons for a moment or
two, Brad stood up and stepped back to let the Vics have its effect on the
nipples also.

It took only a moment and Nicole knew that the slippery sensation at her
aching nipples was not all that would happen there. The heat generated at the
tips of her ripe breasts was not intense but given how sensitive she was, it
didn't have to be. If felt as though Brad had attached her nipples and the
depths of her rectum together with hot cables. Nicole was now squirming in
her exposing bent-over position.

Brad enjoyed the sight for a moment or two, watching Nicole at any time
was a turn on but in this exposing position, it was great. Nicole was so
turned on that she was becoming less and less aware of what was happening
around her. Brad stood behind her and watched as the tip of the rectal plug
waved back and forth in the center of Nicole's spread open bottom. Brad
knew that if he just left her like this for a moment or two longer, she'd come
all by herself but this was something that he planned to share in.

It took only a moment and Brad was as naked as his pretty wife. Kneeling
down behind her, he coated his rock hard erection with some more Vics. He
could feel the kind of the heat that he knew he had already caused her deep
inside of her body. Brad reached out and tapped the end of the rectal plug.
The sensation was transmitted like a shock wave to the tip of the plug buried
several inches into Nicole's rectum.

"Oh God!" panted Nicole, "Brad, I'm not going to last much longer."

"I know it baby. Neither am I" said her husband.

Brad grasped the end of the plug and gently eased it from Nicole's grasping
anus. The round ridge passing out of her caused Nicole's hips to begin
bucking and Brad thought she might lose it.

With the plug out of her, Nicole's anus didn't stop for a moment in its
desperate clenching movements. Brad shuffled forward and put the tip of his
cock at her over-hot entrance. Nicole could feel the tip of him at her
opening. She rocked back and struggled to relax her bottom as he dipped the
head of his cock into her bottom. Once inside, they both knew what they
wanted. It was only a moment before Brad was buried to the hilt in his pretty
wife's bottom. Reaching over her he grabbed the rock hard nipples in his
fingers again and tugged as he rocked in and out of her ass.

Nicole was already very close and it didn't take long before she was bucking
against Brad, trying to pull even more of him into her body. She came once,
hard and then again as the sensations from her anus, from deep in her rectum
and from her aching nipples all combined to pull her to new heights. The
sensations of her swollen belly and breasts only served to make her hotter.

Brad felt Nicole come as he heard her cry out. Nicole's cries and the
sensation of her anus squeezing hard during her twin orgasms brought him
right to the edge. Brad thrust harder, and felt his cock twitch hard inside of
Nicole's bottom. His breath, already ragged, now came in great gasps as he
began to come.

Nicole felt the sensation of Brad's come spilling into her as though it was
molten lava. Her already sensitized rectum made her feel every drop of him
as it spurted inside. Brad's own cries of passion served to push over the edge
one more time as her hot rectum and anus tried to squeeze every last drop
from him.

It was hours later after a hot bath for two that the two of them were curled
up in bed cuddling.

"I wonder if you'll be just as hot once you're a mother." wondered Brad out
loud.

Nicole smiled. "I'll always be your little slave girl." she said, "and I'll
always be ready to get extra hot with you."




66 The Farmer's Daughter

"Bye Hon" called Betty's Mom. "I'll see you later!"

"Mmmm" said Betty, "a whole day to play." Betty stretched languorously
and then kicked the covers from her naked, 17-year-old body. Betty had
shunned nightclothes since she was 13. With one final stretch, the lithe
teenager rolled off the bed and onto her feet. As usual, the first sight to greet
the young girl was the view of her full length mirror in her bedroom.

"Well sexy, what shall we do with you today?" Betty asked her reflection.
Reaching up with both hands, she grasped her "B" size breasts and squeezed
them gently. The sensation always sent a shiver down her spine. With the
thumb and forefinger of each hand, she grasped her fat pink nipples and
pulled them out from her body. "Come along you farmer's daughter!" she
said to herself "into the shower." Betty and her family had lived on their
farm all their lives. Today, however, she had the place to herself. With her
Mom out shopping for the day and her father and brother out on a fishing
trip, she'd be able to do what she wanted with her day.

"A few minute later, Betty was wrapped in an oversize terry towel and
drying her hair when she heard the doorbell. "Damn he's early." she thought
then ran down the stairs. Peeking around the door, she saw that, sure
enough, it was her boyfriend, John. "C'mon in, but I'm not even dressed
yet." she said.

"Don't bother on my account." grinned John.

Betty tossed her head insolently as she scampered back up the stairs. John
quietly followed her up the stairs. Betty was in panties and just pulling on a
bra when her boyfriend peeked around the corner of the open door. "Hey
don't wear one of those he said."

"John!" squealed Betty as she threw the bra in the general direction of his
head and covered up her breasts with her hands. A moment later she dropped
her hands to her sides, letting him see everything. "He's seen it all already"
she thought. Still, Betty didn't wear a bra, instead she pulled out a tube top
from her drawer and then put on her favourite cut-off jeans, the ones that
seemed to mold themselves to her body.

John and Betty shared some breakfast together and chatted about mundane
topics for the next few minutes. Betty's mind had now completely woken up
and she was becoming more and more curious as to what the two of them
would be doing today. Betty and John had been fooling around together
since they'd been going steady, about 2 years now. Betty had gone "all the
way" with her boyfriend although she knew that her parents would kill her if
they found out. In Betty's family, the usual over-the-knee spanking would
be the least of her troubles if they really knew how much John and she did
together.

"So, what'cha want to do today?" Asked John. Betty shrugged her
shoulders. "I don't know." she said "But I hope it's fun." Hand in hand, the
two teens headed out the door for a walk. Past the south pasture and along a
wooded trail, they talked about friends and local events. When they got to
the nearby pond, Betty was delighted to find it was deserted. On many
occasions, there were a few of the local kids swimming here.

"C'mon John, let's skinny dip!" said Betty. In a flash, her orange tube top
was over her head and her cut-offs were in a puddle at her feet. Squealing,
Betty jumped right into the pond. As she surfaced, she turned around. John
was just pulling his shorts off, leaving Betty with a clear view of his naked
body. "Mmmm," she said to herself, "he sure is gorgeous." Betty licked her
lips as John's cock and balls came into view, nestled in his thick blond curls.
A moment and a splash later, John was surfacing in the water right beside
her.

Betty reached over and grabbed his long penis under the water. "Got
something for me there handsome?" she said in a coy voice.

John's cock immediately thickened at her touch. "Mmmhmm," he said and
it's got plans for you today."

"Oh?" said Betty.

"Would you like to try something adventurous?" said John "I've got a
couple of ideas that would be very hot."

Betty arched her back, and floated away from her boyfriend. As her breasts
rose up above the water, she looked over at him, "My body is yours to
command."

Ten minutes later, completely refreshed, their hair still dripping wet, the
attractive teens pulled on their clothes and headed back to the house.

"The whole family is out for the rest of the day. We've got the whole place
to ourselves." whispered Betty as she snuggled into her boyfriend's
shoulder.

"Then get ready for some hot fun young lady." said John.

As they walked into the yard, John steered Betty toward the barn instead of
the farmhouse.

"Got plans for me in here?" giggled Betty.

"You'll see," said John.

The barn was empty except for the hay bales stacked along the sides and
near each stall. John brought Betty in and closed the barn door behind them.

"Hmmm" he said, "Well, if this is going to be a surprise, we'll have to have
you close your eyes.

"OK" said Betty and closed her eyes.

"Well, just to make sure..." John said and then Betty felt him tying his
bandanna over her eyes. Even when she opened them, she couldn't see
anything.

"What are you going to do John?" she asked.

"Just you wait little lady. I've got plans for you."

Betty could hear John moving around the barn then, his hands on hers,
pulled her hands together in front of her. The feeling of rope around her
wrists made her shiver.

"You're going to tie me up?"

John just chuckled.

"Mmmm, that's so hot." said Betty.

John felt a thrill as he realized that this was turning Betty on as much as him.
He had always had fantasies of tying up a pretty girl and now, here was his
girlfriend, the prettiest blond in 3 counties who was hot for him to do it!

John finished tying her wrists together and then looped the rope over the
beam that was above Betty's head. Betty felt the rope gently pulling her
hands higher until they were stretched directly over her head. She felt
incredibly submissive and totally vulnerable. What would happen next, she
wondered.

She didn't have long to wait. With Betty completely helpless, John took his
time walking around, her looking at her body closely, indulging in it. He
could see Betty turning her head, trying to follow him by the noise of his
movements. At one point he leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips.
"Mmmmm" moaned Betty as she strained forward to continue the kiss. John
moved again, his next touch was just the tip of his tongue as it licked her left
earlobe. Betty moaned again. Then his tongue again, this time sliding into
her right ear. This time Betty gasped.

John was in seventh heaven. Taking his time, he moved around to Betty's
front and gently, an inch at a time, took the top of her tube top and pulled it
down. As it passed the fullest part of Betty's breasts at the nipple, the top
slid down further, letting her firm teenage breasts pop out. The nipples were
already longer and thicker than John had ever seen them. It was one of the
things he liked best about Betty's body. Betty was squirming now. "Oh
God," she though, "Please just suck them, they ache so much."

John must have been reading her mind, because he next bent to her right
nipple and sucked it forcefully into his mouth.

"Oh!" gasped Betty as she arched her back, thrusting her naked breasts
forward.

John stood back now and then reach forward with both hands to take the
swollen nipples in his fingers. Grasping them firmly, he pulled Betty
forward again, pulling her breasts into tight cones before letting them drop.

Betty was in a daze. Her whole attention was on the sensations in her body.
When she felt John's fingers at the clasp of her cut-offs, she stood still,
letting him pull the shorts and her soaked panties from her body. The tube
top was next, sliding over her hips and then down to her feet.

Completely naked now, John could smell his girlfriend's lust. He slid a hand
up one thigh and watched Betty spread her legs to give him better access. He
trailed two fingers up the side of her pussy lips and around, but not on her
clit. Betty was panting. Without warning, the two fingers now slid deep into
her tight pussy. "Oh God, yes!" cried Betty as she raised herself up on
tiptoes. She was sure she was close to coming but John wasn't done with her
yet.

His fingers left her pussy and he walked slowly around behind her. "What an
ass." John thought to himself as he surveyed Betty's perfectly formed
buttocks. Kneeling down behind the naked girl, he again stroked up her
thigh. Betty spread her legs, wishing for him to touch her pussy again. John
stroked upward until he had one hand on each smooth buttock. Very slowly,
but very firmly, he spread them apart, deliberately exposing Betty's tight
brown anus to his view. Betty whimpered at the sensation. She had never
before felt so exposed or so hot.

Suddenly the hands were gone. Panting in short, hard breaths, Betty listened
as John moved about the barn again. In a few short moments, she sensed
him behind him. Betty heard the whistle of something swing through the air.
"What is that?" she wondered. It sounded like the sound of a branch that's
swung through the air. It took a moment before her over-stimulated brain
could make the association and by then the switch was whistling again.

"Oh!" cried Betty as a thin hot line was painted across her buttocks. John
switched her again, and again. This wasn't like the kinds of punishments
that Betty had been given in the past, this kind of stimulation was making
her even more hot. Each sting of the switch was fire hot but quickly turned
into a deep heat that seemed to be directed directly at Betty's soaking pussy.

The switching stopped and Betty heard John move around again to her front.
She could hear that his breathing too was short and strained. It turned her on
even more to think that he was as excited as she was.

"Did you like that?" whispered John into her ear.

Betty gave a throaty chuckle "You know I did. The spanking made me sooo
hot." John moved closer and Betty could feel his bare skin against hers. He
had removed all his clothes at some point and she could feel his hard cock
bobbing against her leg.

"Do you feel that?" he asked.

"Mmmm yes."

"I'm going to slide it into you soon. I'm going to get it all wet with your
juices then I'm going to slide it into your tight bottom. Would you like
that?"

"Oh God John, I'm so hot, you can do anything with me, even fucking my
ass."

"I'm not quite done with you yet though." said John.

Betty just moaned in frustration as he moved away from her again. Her
wrists pulled against her bonds as she strained her lithe body towards him.

The whistle of the switch was softer this time but the target was not her
already hot bottom. The switch struck squarely across both breasts just
below the nipple.

"Oh!" cried out Betty again at the unexpected heat. The switch struck again
and again a third time, this time right over the overengorged nipples. The
three thin lines of heat, made Betty's nipples even stiffer. If John doesn't
take me now, I think I'll come in a minute anyway, thought Betty.

John was walking around her again, letting the tip of his switch trail over his
blond friend's body. Betty felt the twig across her nipples and along her
tight tummy. As John walked behind her it slid over her shoulders and then
down her spine. John let the switch move lower and lower then slid the tip
between her buttocks and along the crack, across her sensitive anus. Betty
went up on her toes and turned her heels out at the sensation. The effect was
only to spread her buttocks out more. John felt himself get even stiffer at the
sight. He had to have her now! He couldn't wait even another moment.

Suddenly the bright morning sunshine poured into the dimly lit barn though
the doorway. "What is going on here?" demanded Betty's Mom as she
strode into the barn.

John withered at the sight. Betty's Mom took in the whole scene at a glance.
Under her blindfold, Betty though she was about to die of embarrassment.
She tugged frantically at her bonds as she felt her tears of humiliation wet
her boyfriend's bandanna.

"Out" said Betty's Mom as she looked at John, now scrambling for his
clothes. Without a backward glance, John left the barn at a dead run. Now it
was Betty's Mom, Julie who walked around the still helpless teenager.
Betty, unable to be sure of what was happening, still pulled at the rope
holding her wrists to the beam in the ceiling. Julie smiled slightly as she
looked at her bound and blindfolded daughter. The switch was as John had
left it, the tip still resting between Betty's round buttocks. The thin red lines
from the switching Betty had received were quite obvious across her tight
bottom. As she walked to the front, the three lines across Betty's breasts
were visible also.

Julie had not had a chance to look at her daughter's naked body in years and
certainly never like this and despite herself, it seemed to turn her on. Julie
was no stranger to bondage and discipline games and this, without a doubt,
was what had been happening here this morning. Julie noticed Betty's
overengorged pink nipples where the switch had caught them and at the top
of Betty's thighs, the sight of Betty's own juices made Julie shiver.

Julie reached down and picked up the switch making Betty gasp as it pulled
from between her buttocks. "Well, what suitable punishment do you think
you should have for this young lady?" she asked her daughter.

Betty whimpered, "Please Mom. Please let me down."

"I think not quite yet" said Julie, making up her mind as she said it. "I think
you're in just about the perfect position for the punishment to fit the crime.
Don't you?"

Betty just trembled in reply. Julie was walking around her now, holding the
switch in her right hand. Betty's head followed her, trying to figure out
where she was standing.

Suddenly the now familiar sound of the switch swished through the air and
Betty yelped as a light stroke hit her bottom. That was followed by another
and another as Julie's mother began warming her bottom in earnest. Over
the next 10 minutes, the strokes picked up in intensity and frequency as
Betty's bottom was tanned for the second time that morning. By the end of
it, Betty was crying softly, hanging in her bonds.

As suddenly as it had started, the spanking stopped and Julie stepped back to
admire her handiwork. Betty's bottom was a dark shade of pink with light
criss-crossed lines across both cheeks. The young girl was alternately
clenching her buttocks and releasing them at the intense heat she was
feeling. Julie walked around to Betty's front again and was not overly
shocked to see that Betty's nipples were still betraying her excitement. Julie
knew that if she felt between her daughter's legs she'd find her soaked. For a
moment, she was tempted to do so, but then decided not.

With just the tip of the switch, Julie began teasing Betty. Over her tummy,
around to the back and down her spine. Just as John had done, Betty felt the
tip of the twig as it slid between her buttocks and along her crack. The shiver
up her spine was involuntary as the tip crossed Betty's clenched anus.

Down her leg and then up again, this time from the front and Betty shivered
again. When the tip touched her tight nipples, Betty gasped and then moaned
in embarrassment as she realized that her own mother could see that she was
sexually aroused.

The switch pulled back and snapped tight across the over-engorged nipples.
Betty gasped. In light, but sharp, strokes Julie struck first the underside then
the tops of Betty's teenage breasts. When she stopped after only a few
strokes Betty was panting.

Julie put the switch down beside the over-stimulated girl and started to walk
toward the door.

"Mom, you're not going to leave me here are you?" pleaded Betty.

"You're not done yet young lady." said Julie, "Your father will be
completing your punishment. Betty just whimpered with frustration and fear
"I wouldn't worry though," continued Julie, "He'll be home very soon."

Julie closed the barn door behind her and trotted into the house. She had
plenty of preparations to make.

Betty's father Bill was home only about 30 minutes later. From her helpless
position blindfolded in the barn, Betty could hear the pick-up park near the
house. With her eyesight removed, it seemed that her hearing was more
acute than normal.

Julie was waiting on the porch. As Bill and their son Rob came up the stairs,
Julie intercepted Rob right away.

"Honey," she asked. "I need you to do me a big favour right away. Your
aunt Jane has a package for me that I forgot there earlier today. I know you
must be tired, but could you go and pick it up for me?"

"Sure Mom." said Rob, "I'll take a bike ride over. Is it OK if I'm back only
around supper time?"

"Sure Hon." said Julie smiling. That would be just about perfect.

Rob headed out on his bike a few moments later. Bill looked up at his wife.
After 22 years of marriage, he knew how to read her like a book although it
probably wouldn't take a brain surgeon to figure out that Julie was aroused.

"Got a little afternoon delight planned there Babe?" he asked.

"Wellll, not exactly." chuckled Julie. "Although it involves your favourite
kind of kinky play."

Quickly, Julie told her husband all about her discovery of Betty and John in
the barn. Bill was at first furious, then curious, then incredulous as Julie told
how she had continued Betty's punishment and left her tied and helpless in
the barn.

"You mean to tell me that she's still there?" he asked.

Julie just grinned, "I guess you'll just have to come and see."

"Just what do you have in mind?" asked Bill.

"Well Honey, you know how you're always saying how the punishment
should fit the crime? Well, here's what I was thinking of doing...."

A few short minutes later, the couple walked arm-in-arm to the barn. Julie
opened the door and motioned Bill inside. Once in the door, both of them
remained silent. Bill just stood at the door, drinking in the sight of his
teenage daughter, her hands bound to the beam in the ceiling and the
bandanna still keeping her eyes completely covered. The thin pink stripes
that both John and Julie had given her were quite visible across her tight
breasts.

Julie and Bill walked forward and to either side of the trembling girl. Betty's
head turned from side to side trying to figure out what might be happening
by their sounds. The only thing she was sure of was that there were at least
two people beside her. The embarrassment of being so exposed in front of
others was very intense. Betty knew that her face was blushing a bright red
under her blindfold. To make matters worse, the heat of the spankings
seemed to have transferred directly to Betty's soaking pussy and swollen
clit. She felt like her clit had inflated to twice its size and was sticking
straight out of her.

"Hello?" she asked in a timid voice.

"Well young lady, you've gotten into a mess of trouble this time, haven't
you?" said Bill in a stern voice.

"Daddy, I'm sorry." whispered Betty.

"You know that I always say that the punishment should fit the crime." said
Bill.

"But haven't I been punished enough?" asked Betty.

"No, you haven't." said Bill, but by the time you go into the house, you'll be
sure that you'll not be so careless about such sex games in the future."

While Bill had been talking, Julie had moved a couple of hay bales behind
Betty. Taking a sheet from the bag she had with her, Julie covered the bales.
Bill now reached up and untied the rope holding Betty's arms above her
head. Rather than letting it go, however, he pulled it and Betty's hands
further back and then further again until Betty leaned back and finally lay
back across the hay bales. The rope was now tied so that Betty's hands were
stretched out horizontally. At least, the blood could now rush back into her
arms and she could lie down. The position was not lost on Betty however.
Tied like this, she was even more vulnerable. Her feet were still tied wide
apart to the floor and with her hands the way that they were, her back was
now slightly arched upward. This left the highest part of her body being her
raised pudendum lightly covered by a muff of pale blond curly hair. The
points of her upturned breasts were the next highest part of her.

Bill walked around the teenager again and surveyed the position she was in.
She certainly was exposed this way but she'd be even more exposed in a
moment.

"OK young lady." said Julie, "We've decided that if you're going to act like
a little girl, then you'll be treated like one."

Julie sat down between Betty's legs and began trimming her blond pubic
hair with a pair of scissors. For the first few tugs and snipes, Betty couldn't
figure it out. When she did, she moaned in embarrassment. When the blond
curls were down to a short stubble, Julie took a warm, wet washcloth and
laid it on the already hot pussy. Betty squirmed as she heated up yet more.

In a couple of minutes, the cloth was removed and Betty felt the unusual
sensation of something wet being rubbed across her pussy. She couldn't help
but pull at her bonds at the sensation. The razor was next. Julie worked in
short firm strokes removing the last of the pubic hair as she had done to
herself every week for years now. She knew that the sight of a smooth pussy
was always a big turn on for Bill. She wondered if the sight of Betty's would
affect him as much.

Julie stepped back to admire her handiwork. Betty's pussy was now as
smooth as the day she was born. Julie backed up to stand right in front of
Bill. She leaned back and could feel Bill's hard-on press against her ass.
Turning, she looked up and saw her husband's eyes bright with excitement.
Clearly the shaving had turned him on as much as her.

Betty was mortified. Although she couldn't see it, she could feel a gentle
waft of air cross her now bare pussy. Betty had never felt this exposed
before in her entire life. This was worse than being naked. Despite her
embarrassment, Betty's soaking juices were now clearly visible, betraying
her body's arousal. Both Julie and Bill could see the girl's swollen labia
covered in the slick juices. Between her legs, a tiny trickle of them slid down
between her buttocks and along her crack.

Bill moved forward now and picked up the switch. He let the tip of it slide
across Betty's stretched tummy, first toward her breasts, stopping just short
of the lowest line across her lower breast, then downward toward the raised,
exposed pubis. Betty held her breath, wondering what would happen next.
Bill pulled the switch back and let a short, sharp stroke strike just at the top
of the mound. Betty yelped. Moving downward, Bill's perfectly placed
strokes made little stinging strokes across the swollen lips and upper thighs.
Bill carefully avoided Betty's clit that was, as she feared, now peaking up
between her lips to show its swollen, slick state.

He trailed the tip of the switch again, up her spread thighs and along the side
of her pussy. Just at the top of the lips, he let the tip drag lightly across the
swollen nub.

If Betty could have jumped she would have. The touch of the tip of the
switch against her clit was electric! Unable to move, Betty gasped and
tugged frantically at her bonds.

Bill now put the switch down and both he and Julie prepared Betty for the
next and last parts of her punishment.

Julie had brought a bag with Bill's and her toys including some of the toys
they used during their bondage and discipline games. Now Julie pulled out
some leather straps and in a few minutes, Betty's ankles were tied to the
beam in the ceiling, spread ninety degrees apart in a wide spread-eagle.
Additional straps at the top of Betty's thighs, kept her upper body stretched
backwards across the hay bales.

Reaching into the bag again, Julie pulled out a toy that she had felt herself
many times. It was her rectal plug. Before Bill ever gave her a strapping
across her own bottom, he always inserted the plug into her bottom. She
knew that the sensations of her bottom being stretched on the foreign
intruder were as embarrassing and as exciting as the strapping herself. Julie
reached back into the bag for the Vaseline and the leather strap that she
handed to Bill.

Showing Bill the rectal plug and the Vaseline, Julie moved toward Betty's
now upturned bottom.

"Since you think you're old enough to play kinky sex games." said Bill
"You can be punished the same way your mother is when she's naughty."

Julie's head whipped around in shocked as Bill's words registered. Bill just
grinned back at her and shrugged his shoulders. Beneath her blindfold Betty
too was shocked. What did he say? Her Mother?

Julie knelt between Betty's upstretched thighs and opened the jar of
Vaseline. Dipping a finger deep into the jar, she covered it with the slippery
jelly.

Betty jumped at the first touch. What IS that? she wondered. The tip of
Julie's finger rested just at the opening of Betty's anus for a moment,
smearing just the rim with the Vaseline. Then in one long motion, Julie slid
her forefinger as far as it would reach into Betty's tight bottom.

Betty cried out in shock at the strange sensation. For the last two hours, her
body had been subject to more stimulation than her young years had ever
had before but this was another thing altogether. The sensation of the long
cool finger deep in her rectum, slowly twisting back and forth and coating
her rectum with the Vaseline was at once so intense and so surprising that
Betty was simply shocked silent.

Julie's finger came out at a quarter the speed it went in and twisted in long
slow rotations as it did so. Julie knew from experience the kinds of feelings
Bill's finger generated in her when she was lubricated. She looked up
between Betty's thighs to her blindfolded face for her reaction. Betty seemed
to be holding her breath waiting for what would come next.

Dipping the rectal plug into the Vaseline now, Julie brought the tip of the
device to Betty's now lubricated anus. She rested the thin tip of the plastic
plug against Betty's anus for a moment and then slowly began sliding it in.
In and out in minute strokes Julie worked the plug into Betty. The rectal
plug started narrow but quickly became thicker and then narrowed again at
the neck of it before flaring out into its wide base. Julie had often had this
exact plug inserted into her own rectum before a strapping. Bill sometimes
left it in all night or made her wear it all day to remind her that she was
submissive.

Betty's breaths were coming in short ragged gasps now as the sensations of
this foreign intruder began driving her over the edge. Just as the thickest part
of the plug reached her anal ring, Julie held it there. Betty thought her heart
would stop, wondering what would happen next. With a tiny push, Julie let
the plug seat itself with the neck held tight by Betty's sphincter muscles as
they desperately tried to close themselves on the device.

Betty was full now, fuller than she had ever imagined being. The rectal plug
wasn't painful but it was so stimulating in an area of her anatomy that was
so sensitive that it was driving her crazy. She was sure she was going to
come any minute.

Julie moved away and let Bill move closer, holding the leather strap.

"Don't forget you're being punished young lady."

Her father's voice seemed to come from far away as Betty tried to keep
herself from having an orgasm right there. She didn't hear the strap moving
through the air or sense it coming but the feeling of the hot leather slapping
hard against her bottom woke her up right away. Betty cried out at the
sensation. Bill struck again and again, knowing it was leaving Betty's
already punished bottom red hot.

After a dozen hard strokes he stopped. Betty was crying out. Bill looked at
her squirming in her bonds and knew from how her mother always reacted
that Betty was very close to coming. The heat of the strapping was now
translating directly to Betty's soaking pussy that was visibly lubricating.
Julie could see it too.

Julie reached over and with just the tip of her finger tapped firmly on the end
of the rectal plug.

The sensation of the simple finger tap was like a bolt of lightning to Betty.
She cried out as the incredible sensation was translated deep in her body.
The finger tapped again, firmly and Betty cried out again, and struggled
against her bonds. Julie tapped again and again, in a firm rhythm and in a
moment, it was enough. Crying out loudly and thrashing as much as she
could in her bonds, Betty began coming in wave after wave of orgasm. It
seemed to go on forever and when it was over, all was quiet in the barn.

Gently, Julie and Bill unfastened Betty and removed her blindfold. Bill was
smiling slightly as he looked down at his disheveled daughter. "I hope you
learned your lesson." he said.

"I sure did." said Betty as she walked out of the barn, the rectal plug still
firmly lodged between her buttocks.




67 A Letter to the Editor

Dear Sir:

I have read your magazine with some interest over the past months. I was
first introduced to your fine publication while visiting my brother and sister-
in-law's home. I spotted a copy in the night table of the guest room where I
was staying. When I asked my brother Bob about it, he told me that he and
his wife were firm believers in corporal punishment and that their three
daughters had been punished that way for years. During my stay I got to see
Carol, their 18-year-old put over her mother's knee for an old-fashioned
over-the-knee bare-bottomed spanking. Afterwards while Carol stood in the
corner of the room with her panties and jeans still around her ankles, Mary
(my sister-in-law) told me some more of how the children were punished. I
got very aroused while Mary was telling me about the various punishments
meted out and later that night, the mental images of it were vivid in my mind
as I brought myself to a fabulous orgasm with my fingers.

I should tell you a little about myself. I am a 34-year-old computer
consultant; single with short blond hair and a figure that I keep in shape
through aerobics. I was spanked on the bare bottom by my parents until I
was 18 when I moved out on my own. The punishments I received were
very straightforward, quite unlike some of the punishments Mary had
described.

About 3 months later, Mary and Bob called to see if I would be willing for
Janice, their eldest, to visit for a couple of weeks. Apparently the family was
going on vacation and Janice had to stay behind for some exams at school.
Since we only live a few miles apart, I was the easiest place for her to stay. I
replied that I'd be happy to have her. I made sure the guest room was
cleaned out for Janice's arrival that weekend. On the Saturday morning,
Mary called to let me know that Janice was on the train and would be here in
an hour or so.

"Now remember Sue," she said "if Janice gives you any trouble while she's
with you, you have our full permission to punish her as you see fit. Janice
gets punished about once a week on average so I wouldn't be surprised if
you have to turn her over your knee while she's there." A chill shot up my
spine at Mary's words. The thought of a naked eighteen year-old bent over
my lap for a spanking had me soaked in moments.

The first few days passed uneventfully. Janice, at 18, was fun to have around
and the apartment was certainly more alive for her presence. On the fourth
day of her stay however, that all changed.

I had set a couple of simple rules for Janice while she was visiting. There
were to be no boys in the house while I wasn't there, Janice would have to
let me know where to reach her when she was out in the evening and she had
to be back no later than eleven o'clock each night.

Thursday night I returned home from work to find no Janice and no note
saying where she was. I was a little irritated but my irritation turn to outright
worry when she still wasn't home by nine o'clock. At 9:15, Janice walked
through the door as though everything was wonderful. One look at my face
and she realized it was not.

"I though we had an arrangement about letting me know where you'd be in
the evening." I said.

Janice looked a little worried. "I'm sorry Aunt Sue, I was studying at school
and I must have forgot."

"Well I've been worried sick here Janice. I was just about to call the police!"
Janice's face turned pale as she realized how upset I was. "What do your
parents do with you when you don't keep the ground rules?" I asked quietly.

"They p-p-punish me." quivered Janice.

"Well I'm going to do the same." I said. "Go to you room and get ready for
bed. I'll come and see you in your room in a few minutes."

Janice was trembling slightly as she walked out of the living room. I gave
her about 10 minutes to think about it before following her. On the way to
the guest room, I picked up my hairbrush from my vanity. Mary had told me
that the girls usually got spanked with a leather strap but I figured my brush
would do the job for this evening.

As I walked into Janice's room I caught my breath. I had expected to see her
in her usual nightclothes sitting on the bed waiting for me but she was not.
Instead, she was standing in the very corner of the room facing away from
me. Her nose was pressed right into the corner. Janice had changed into a
lacy baby-doll nightgown that I hadn't seen before. Aside from that, she
wore nothing. Her hands were holding the nightgown tight, high up her
waist leaving her lower back and her buttocks completely bare to my gaze.

My pussy seemed to clutch at the sight and I could feel myself getting very
slippery and very hot. I sat down on the end of the bed and didn't say
anything for a moment. I could see Janice was also breathing quickly and I
remembered that Mary had told me that both older girls often got aroused at
some point during their punishments. I shook my head and tried to pull
myself back to the issue at hand.

"All right Janice, come over here." I said. Janice turned and walked right
over to me. She stopped about two feet away and waited. Her nightie was
still being held up high on her waist and her pussy was now in plain view.
There was surprisingly little hair covering her mons and what was there was
pale blond leaving a clear view of her puffy outer lips. Although Janice's
head was hanging down, I could see she was blushing furiously at being so
exposed to me like this for the first time. I started to understand Mary's
belief that embarrassment was an effective and essential part of every
punishment. The baby-doll was so sheer that I could clearly see the outline
of her nipples, which were both dark pink and very erect.

"Over my knee, Janice." I instructed. Janice was quick to do so, relieved,
perhaps that her pussy and breasts were now hidden from view.

I felt her body rest over my knee and adjusted her slightly so that her bottom
was well placed. I could feel her breasts hanging down against my nyloned
left leg and the sensation made me even hotter.

"Ok Janice, now why are you being punished?" I asked.

"Because I didn't follow instructions. I'm really sorry." she answered.

"All right, given it's your first infraction here, I'm just going to give you a
spanking," Janice seemed to uncoil with relief, "but make no mistake. Your
mother told me in great detail how you're punished at home and I won't
hesitate to punish you 'fully' if you don't follow my simple ground rules."

With that, I started spanking Janice with my hand. Alternating from one pale
buttock to the other. It was the first spanking I had ever given! Janice's
bottom was very pink and she was squirming when I paused to pick up the
hairbrush.

Without pause I rained a series of sharp smacks over the already hot cheeks.
Janice cried out again and again and her feet kicked out like someone
swimming the breaststroke as I completed the punishment. With her kicking
like that, I had a perfect view of her nether regions from her light brown
anus all the way to her pink inner pussy lips that yawned open wetly every
timed she kicked.

After about fifteen spanks to each buttock I put the hairbrush down. Janice
was crying quietly as she hung, limp, over my lap. I rested my hand on her
buttocks that were now hot to the touch.

"Now, are you going to follow the rules?"

"Yes" replied Janice in a very contrite voice.

"All right then, get back into the corner and think about why you've been
punished." I said.

Janice shuffled back to the corner and hitched her nightie back up her waist
now displaying two bright red buttocks that contrasted sharply with her
brown tan line. I left the room very hot myself. I gave Janice another ten
minutes to compose herself before I poked my head back into the room. I
was happy and a little thrilled that she was still waiting, submissively
pressed into the corner.

"Ok Janice, you can go to bed now."

A few minutes later there was a timid knock on my door. I had a copy of
your magazine open to one of the pages of a girl bent over an older woman's
lap with her buttocks all red from a spanking. At the sound of the knock, I
immediately stuffed it under the covers. Then I pulled it back out and left it
lying on the bedspread as I answered, "Come in."

Janice walked into my bedroom now wearing the T-shirt I usually saw her
wear to bed. "Aunt Sue, I just wanted to say I'm sorry for what I did and that
I know I deserved that spanking. I'll try to be good for the rest of the time
I'm here."

I stood up and gave her a big hug and told her I hoped she was good for the
rest of her stay too. As Janice turned to leave I saw her catch a glimpse of
the magazine on the bed and the full-page picture that it was open to. Her
eyes got a little wider and I heard a tiny gasp before she left to go to bed.

I was so aroused that as soon as she had closed the door behind her I was
touching myself. It only took a few short minutes before I was thrashing
about in the hottest orgasm I could ever remember.

For over a week Janice was a model guest but on the last Friday night of her
stay she broke the rules again, this time quite seriously.

Janice had asked to borrow my car to go to a friend's to 'study'. She
promised to return by 11:00pm so I figured it wouldn't be a problem. I got
the number of her friend Barbara and went out on my own to catch a movie.
I was back at 10:00 and waited up for Janice. She wasn't home at 11:00 and
at 11:30 I called Barbara's. Barbara's mother answered right away and said
that neither girl was there and if I found them to let her know right away
because Barbara was out past her curfew. Barbara's mother volunteered that
Barbara's behind was likely to suffer the consequences as her father was
upset at her being out late. Apparently they had both gone to a party and had
not left the phone number.

It was close to 1:00am when Janice finally returned and by then I was
steamed. I was ready to put her over my knee right away for a repeat
performance of the previous week's punishment. I figured I'd spank her
completely nude this time and frankly I was kind of looking forward to it.
When Janice actually walked in the door, however, I immediately changed
my plans.

Janice was drunk, really drunk. Her words were slurred and she stumbled as
she walked. When she walked into the room, her eyes went wide as she saw
me.

I cut her off as she tried to explain. "Did you drive home?" I asked. Janice
nodded miserably. I ticked off the infractions on my fingers as I listed them.
"One, you lied to me. I called Barbara's mother and found out that you
weren't even there. Two, you didn't let me know where you were. Three,
you're late. Four, you've been drinking and are obviously drunk. And five,
you've been driving while intoxicated which is, over course, illegal!"
Janice's head hung down in misery. She knew she was in for it.

"Go to bed Janice. Sleep it off but make no mistake. Tomorrow morning
you're going to get punished properly for this misbehaviour.

Janice stumbled down the corridor to her room and I started thinking about
what I'd do in the morning.

Saturday morning I was up early. By now my anger had dissipated and all
that was left was my excitement at the punishment Janice had coming. I
poked my head into her room but she was sound asleep. I figured she
wouldn't wake for at least two of hours. I pulled on some sweats and jumped
in the car. I had a couple of purchases to make.

I was back in less than an hour and a quick check ensured that Janice was
still asleep. It was almost 11 o'clock when she finally woke up. In her usual
long T-shirt, obviously somewhat hung over, she shuffled down the corridor
to the kitchen where I was enjoying my second cup of coffee.

On seeing me Janice seemed to wake up a little. "I'm sorry about last night
Aunt Sue." she said.

"So am I Janice but don't think that will get you out of the punishment you
have coming."

Janice gulped and blushed. "I guess I deserve it." she said meekly.

"I certainly think so." I said, "Now get into the bathroom and get showered
and cleaned up. I'll expect to see you in the corner of the living room in
fifteen minutes naked as a jaybird.

"Yes Ma'am." said Janice as she scurried off to the bathroom.

It was just a little less than fifteen minutes later that I saw a naked blond go
past the kitchen door toward the living room. I let her wait a few more
minutes. When I walked into the living room, Janice was standing in the
corner as instructed. Her pretty buttocks, accentuated by her dark tan lines
were on display.

I sat down on the chair in the middle of the room and had Janice come over
to me. She stood in front of me and, unasked, spread her feet shoulder width
apart and then clasped her hands behind her head. Mary had told me about
this position. I lectured her for a couple of minutes while I drank in the view
of Janice's submissively offered body. Her breasts were pulled up and tight
to her chest but the dark pink nipples stuck way out betraying her arousal. I
knew the feeling. My own nipples were so hard they ached.

I put the naked girl over my knee and started with a hairbrush spanking.
Janice was squirming by the time I was done. When I stopped I kept her
over my knee. Janice hung there, submissive to whatever would happen
next. "You know that you're going to be 'fully' punished?" I asked her.

"Yes Ma'am." she answered quietly.

I reached behind me and picked up the jar of Vaseline I had strategically
placed there.

Janice gasped as I placed the jar on the small of her back. I'm sure she knew
exactly what it was. I dipped the forefinger of my right hand deep into the
jar and pulled it out covered in the clear petroleum jelly. I reached over with
my left hand and gently rested it on Janice's hot buttocks. I rubbed up and
down for a moment and then, using the thumb and forefinger of my left
hand, I spread her cheeks wide open to reveal the light brown crinkled
opening. For a moment, I did nothing, letting the tension build. Janice began
clenching and releasing her anus, letting it 'wink' at me despite herself. I
brought my right forefinger down and rested the tip, covered in the cool
Vaseline on the center of her anus. Janice gasped at the sensation. I left it
there a moment. I then started pushing it in, slowly, as far as I could reach.

I watched Janice's toes curl in as my finger pushed deep into her rectum.
Once it was all the way in, I held it there a moment before twisting it slowly
back and forth. Janice whimpered in embarrassment. I pulled my finger all
the way out and added more Vaseline before sliding it back in. I wanted to
be sure that she was completely lubricated.

Janice was trembling slightly as I finally pulled my finger out her. From my
vantage point I had a perfect view of all her charms. I leaned over slightly
and I could see that her teenage pussy lips were swollen and puffy. They had
spread apart slightly and I could see the pink inner lips were completely
soaked. I was sure mine were the same.

I kept her buttocks spread as I reached back to grasp something that had
hitherto only been used on me.

Mary had explained that the humiliation of having her bottom examined and
spread open was often the most effective told in keeping Janice in check.

I had retrieved a special rectal dildo from my own night table that morning.
The plastic device was not too large but it had an odd shape, getting wider at
the middle before narrowing down to a small neck and then flaring out to a
wide base. Once inserted, the dildo acted as a rectal plug, unable to be
pushed out or pulled in. Janice's sphincter would try in vain to close on the
long narrow neck of the device. Mary had told me that had used a similar
device during punishments in the past.

Janice jumped a little as the tip of the cool plastic touched her anus, still
slick with the sheen of the petroleum jelly. I nudged the tip into her and then
started moving the plug in and out in ever-lengthening strokes. Within
moments Janice was gasping with ever stroke. At each push, her knees
would spread wide.

As the thickest part spread her anal ring wide, she whimpered. I held it there
a moment, then pushed it home, letting her own muscles pull the device
deep into her. Janice's breathing was short and shallow now at the various
sensations running through her.

Leaving the plug deep in her body, I now stood Janice up. Her face was
flushed with embarrassment partly, perhaps, because she knew there was
more to come.

Taking her by the arm, I walked the naked teen over to the back of my
leather couch. I had placed a couple of towels over the back of the coach,
which was conveniently at hip height. I had Janice bend over them to rest
her head on the cushions. Her hips were still a little high but spreading her
feet wide apart handled that.

The sight of Janice in this incredibly submissive position was making me
very hot. Her still-red buttocks were sticking way up in the air with the base
of the rectal plug poking up between them. Walking around to the front, her
blond hair was hanging down to spread across the cushions. Her round
breasts with their hard nipples were pressed flat against the black leather
couch.

"Now don't you move until you're given permission, young lady." I
instructed.

"Yes Ma'am" said Janice meekly.

I walked out of the room and into the bathroom to get the next part of
Janice's punishment ready.

"You know Sue, the thing that is most effective as a punishment is a good
old-fashioned enema." Mary had told me.

"If we're going to give one of the girls an enema, it's always after a good
hard spanking. We'll expose their bottoms, lubricate them thoroughly and
leave them in a tail up, head down position for a while to remind them of the
trouble they've gotten themselves into."

While on my errands that morning, I had stopped by the pharmacy. There
were several choices when it came to enema equipment. Rather than the
conventional bag and tube, I had chosen a douche syringe. The nozzle had
been longer and thicker than either the regular nozzle or the rectal syringe.

I filled a basin with warm water and brought it and the douche nozzle back
to the living room. Janice was still bent over the couch, her feet resting wide
apart.

I set the basin down behind her and filled the bulb of the douche with it.
Then I reached up and grasped the end of the rectal plug still lodged in
Janice's pretty bottom. Before pulling it from her, I couldn't resist twisting it
through a full circle of rotation. Janice gasped out loud as I did so. Very
gently, I pulled the rectal plug from her. Her anus closed slowly as it left her,
clenching as though missing the rear penetrator.

I reached down and picked up the douche syringe with my right hand and
covered the tip with yet more Vaseline. As I had done with the plastic dildo,
I touched the tip to her tight anus then slid the whole nozzle home. I saw that
Janice was holding her breath, waiting for what was sure to come next.

I squeezed the large bulb firmly, letting the water force its way up deep into
her bowels. I heard Janice moan and whimper in abject humiliation, as her
most private area was flooded with water. Again and again, I pulled the long
nozzle from her and refilled it only to reinsert its full length back, deep into
her rectum and insert more warm water.

By the time I was done, Janice had received almost 3 quarts of water and
was visibly uncomfortable. I pulled the nozzle from her for the last time and
picked the plug back up. Again, I inserted the rectal plug, but with all the
attention her bottom had received, this time it slid in easily.

I stood up and took my time putting the basin back in the bathroom and
cleaning the douche syringe. When I got back to the living room, Janice was
squirming uncomfortably and moaning over the couch. I sat down in a chair
behind her and simply watched.

It was quite an incredible sight. Her bare bottom was sticking up, her
buttocks spread naturally wide open. The end of the rectal plug was sticking
up erotically between them. I watched her bottom wriggling back and forth
as the water that had been inserted deep into her worked its way through her
bowels.

Now I stood up and picked up the short leather strap I had found that
morning. The first strokes were light, but within a moment or two, I was
delivering short sharp smacks to each cheek. Janice's buttocks had faded in
color somewhat but the strap brought back their blush with a vengeance.
Within a minute, Janice was crying outright as I burned her bottom with the
strap.

As soon as it had started it was over. I put the strap down and waited for a
few moments for Janice to compose herself. Then I had her stand up. I took
her by the arm and led her to the bathroom. She was able to walk only in
short steps and her face was completely flushed with embarrassment. Her
face was wet with her tears of the punishment. I wasn't sure if they were
tears of pain or embarrassment but I suppose it doesn't matter.

I placed Janice over the toilet and had her bend over. I reached down and
tugged the plug from her. She plopped down to the toilet and started
releasing the enema despite her humiliation at doing so in front of me.

I left her alone to finish voiding the full enema. I was sitting in the living
room when Janice, returned and, without asking, went back to the corner of
the room to stand there.

I left here there another ten minutes before finally telling her that the
punishment was over.

Janice turned around and started back down to her room then she turned and
came back to me. Throwing her arms around my neck she said, "I'm sorry
for what I did and thank you for punishing me Aunt Sue. I know I deserved
it."

I hugged her back. "I hope it makes you remember to be a good girl from
now on Janice." I said.

"I won't forget this in a hurry she giggled."

"All right I said, go and get dressed." I gave her a light tap on the behind as
she headed down the hall.

I headed down to my room myself. I closed the door behind me and pulled
my sweats off. The rectal plug that had filled Janice was sitting on my
nightstand next to the Vaseline. I dipped the plug deep into the Vaseline and
then bent over the bed on all fours. I slipped my hands between my legs, one
of them holding the plug. I teased the tip against my anus then pushed, hard
until I was as full as Janice had just been. The sensation was almost too
much for me.

I reached up to my pussy with both hands. I was dripping wet. With one
hand I slid two fingers deep into my hot slit and with the other, I started
rubbing my hard clitoris. The most incredible orgasm I've ever had hit me
like a ton of bricks.

Mary and Bob were fascinated by my tale of Janice's punishment and made
me tell them every detail. I know one thing for sure, I'm a definite convert to
corporal punishment.




68 Karen's Medical Examination

Karen heard the door close and the sound of his footsteps walking into the
living room. As always, she was waiting in the position he had instructed her
in. She was just in front of the couch, in the middle of the carpet. With the
exception of the silk scarf that covered her eyes, she was completely naked.
She was on her knees and sitting back on her heels with her knees stretched
familiarly wide apart. Her hands were clasped loosely behind her back
leaving her firm up-tilted breasts and her smooth shaven pubis in full view.
It was a position that Karen could maintain without discomfort for long
periods. This evening however, she had been in it for only a few minutes,
waiting for Roger, her boyfriend and Master to arrive.

Since their first date, Roger and Karen had discovered their mutual interest
in dominant/submissive sexual games. It was a perfect match. Roger's
dominant fantasies and experiences were tailor-made for the submissive
fantasies that Karen had never fulfilled. In the weeks and months that
followed they both delighted in discovering the pleasures of kinky sex.

Several weeks ago, Karen had surprised Roger by waiting naked and
blindfolded in a position very similar to the one she was in right now. Roger
had been delighted and had immediately started an evening of wild fun.
Since then, Karen was always waiting for Roger in a similar state.

Karen felt Roger's fingers trail across her cheek and along her bare shoulder.
"And how is my little slave today?" he murmured.

"Mmmmm" purred Karen, "I'm hot for you as usual."

Karen heard Roger sit down in front of her and felt a shiver of pleasure run
through her as she imagined him watching her.

Roger relaxed back into the couch and looked his girlfriend up and down. It
was something he never tired of. She was quite a catch, he thought to
himself. Petite, standing just 5'4" and weighing about 110lbs, Karen's body
was built like a gymnast's. Her tight 34b breasts were tilted up slightly and
the nipples were pointing slightly outward. The nipples themselves always
excited Roger. They were dark brown in color and when erect, as they were
now, were very thick and about 3/4 of an inch long. Karen's hair was honey-
blond and she kept it short, just off her shoulders. Roger's eyes slid
downward to her flat, tight stomach and beyond. Karen's pubic hair had
been a light brown Roger remembered. It was light and soft. Since he had
shaved it smooth one night a couple of months ago, Karen had kept it that
way.

Roger could clearly see the bare skin of her pussy lips that were gently
parted to expose the wet interior. Roger smiled. He knew from experience
how much being exposed like this turned her on. He reached forward to take
Karen's nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand.

Karen moaned softly as her dominant lover took control of her nipples and
rolled them slowly in between his fingers. Her nipples were one of the most
sensitive parts of her body and Roger knew it.

"Are you ready for an adventure tonight?" asked Roger quietly.

"Mmmmhmmm" murmured Karen.

"All right then, I want you to go up to your room and get into your
submissive position on the bed and wait for me." said Roger as he reached
forward and pulled the blindfold from her eyes.

Karen felt a shiver run up her spine. Immediately she rose to her feet and
made her way upstairs feeling Roger's eyes on her rolling buttocks as she
walked. Once in her room, Karen knew just what position Roger meant. She
got up on her bed on her knees with her feet just over the edge of the
bedspread and her back to the open door of her bedroom. She placed her
knees very wide apart then bent forward at the waist to rest her head and
shoulders on the bed and arch her back deeply to leave her bottom up in the
air offered to her lover. Karen could feel her rock hard nipples rub gently on
the bedspread. Now she reach back with both hands, placed them on her
buttocks and pulled them firmly apart. She felt her pussy lips part slightly
and the gentle air currents in the room reminded her that her crinkled rear
opening was now lewdly splayed open for "inspection".

She had only been there for a moment or two when Karen heard Roger's
footsteps following her up the steps. Roger did not immediately enter
Karen's room although he could see her from the hallway. Karen's
submissively offered rear view never failed to excite him.

Karen heard Roger opening the medicine cabinet in the bathroom and knew
for a certainty what he was looking for. Her anus clenched involuntarily in
anticipation. Karen heard Roger enter her room and open a drawer directly
behind her. She had no doubt it was her "toy" drawer containing the various
sex and bondage devices she had collected since meeting her dominant
boyfriend.

Roger moved to Karen's side so she could see him. As she expected, a jar of
Vaseline was in one hand. It looked like one of her butt plugs was in the
other. Roger opened the Vaseline and leisurely dipped a finger deep into it,
pulling it out covered in the slippery jelly.

"We're going out for our adventure tonight." he smiled at her.

"Mmmmm" Karen moaned, "Sounds like you've got hot plans for me."

Roger chuckled, "Yes, I think I've outdone myself tonight."

Roger walked behind the pretty blond as Karen closed her eyes, waiting for
the inevitable. Roger waited a moment, knowing that her anticipation and
heat were building eve though he wasn't touching her. Karen's anus was
spread wide open and Roger watched as it clenched and relaxed despite her.

He reached forward and held just the tip of his finger up to the tight brown
ring. Karen gasped at the cool touch of the lubricant on Roger's finger.
Roger held his finger there, making tiny minute circles over the sensitive
flesh, knowing that the sensations for Karen would be intense.

Karen was holding her breath feeling each tiny movement of Roger's finger
all the way through her body. Her whole consciousness was centred on that
tiny part of her anatomy.

With a slow but firm motion, Roger slid his finger past the tight muscles of
Karen's anus and deep into her body. Karen let out the air she'd been
holding in one long whoosh.

Roger held his finger deep in the rectum of his submissive girlfriend letting
her catch her breath for a moment before slowly twisting his finger back and
forth as he pulled it from her.

Karen's body trembled at the sensation. It was as if every one of her nerve
endings had taken up residence in her bottom. Roger added more lubricant
and slid his finger deep into her again. Karen arched her back in pleasure.
Anal sex had always been one of her favourite games.

Roger picked up the rectal plug and rested the tip against the slippery
opening of Karen's anus. He paused for a moment then slowly pressed the
plug in. The 5" inch plug got wider and wider until the widest part of it
stretched Karen about an inch and a half open. Karen's breath was a little
ragged now.

Roger twisted the plug slightly, pushing it in another half-inch and then let
the muscles of Karen's anus pull the remainder of the plastic toy into her
body.

"Mmmmm, I'm so hot for you." said Karen as she let her hips sway back
and forth. The feeling of the firm plastic intruder deep in her body was
naughty, intruding, hot.

"Now, go put on your white dress, you know, the tight cotton one."

"Stockings and garters too?"

Roger chuckled. "No, just the dress and heels and, of course, this." he said
tapping on the end of the plug with one finger.

Karen pulled the thin cotton dress over her head. It was one of Roger's
favourites. The form fitting dress moulded her body perfectly. Her over-
sized nipples pushed hard at the thin material. Karen knew that if anyone
looked directly at them, they'd be able to see her dark areolae.

The end of the plug was now grasped firmly between Karen's buttocks but
the length of it deep in her body shifted with every movement.

"I'm ready," she said.

"Great." said Roger, "Let's go."

Karen gasped as her bare bottom touched the cool leather of the passenger
seat in Roger's car, "Ooooh, a little cool."

Roger smiled.

"Can you tell me where we're going?" asked Karen.

"You'll know very soon. Just be patient."

The drive lasted only a few minutes and ended up in the center of the city.

"Here we are." smiled Roger as he helped Karen out of the car.

Karen's heart was pounding. What would happen here? Each of their
adventures this far had been tremendously exciting and Karen knew that she
trusted Roger completely. She also knew that not knowing was part of the
game and that it added to the excitement she was feeling right now.

Roger held her hand and walked Karen into a high-rise office tower. The
rectal plug still deep in Karen's body rolled and shifted at every step,
reminding her of her submissive role in tonight's game. Although it was
dark, there still a few people moving in and out of the building. Roger and
Karen waited for an elevator and then got in. Roger pressed the 18th floor
button.

Taking her by the elbow, he moved Karen around. "Stand in the corner like
a good little girl." he said. Karen shivered as she did so. She was very
familiar with this position, at least when she was alone with Roger. She was
usually naked and usually had just been over Roger's knee for an old-
fashioned bare-bottomed spanking.

Now she was standing submissively in an office elevator. To her shock,
Roger reached down and pulled the cotton dress up to her waist.

"Roger!" exclaimed Karen.

"Shhhhh. Be a good girl and don't move." he said, patting her bare bottom
affectionately.

Thank God they were alone on the elevator, thought Karen. She listened to
her heart pounding and knew that she was blushing furiously at the sensation
of being so exposed.

Karen heard the bell for their floor and felt the elevator slowing before
Roger finally said, "Ok. You can cover yourself."

With a sigh of relief, Karen pulled her dress down over her hips and below
her buttocks and turned around. Roger led Karen down the 18th floor
corridor and finally into a waiting room.

"Roger, what's going to happen here?" asked Karen in a little voice.

Roger chuckled, "Nothing too serious sweetheart, I'm just making sure you
keep your body in its best shape for me so you're here for a quick checkup."

"What!" said Karen, "but..., but...."

"Miss, please follow me." A nurse's voice had broken in on Karen's
protests. Before she really had time to think about it, Karen was being led
through a door and down a short corridor. With the exception of the nurse,
the office seemed empty. Following the nurse, Karen was led into a large
examining room.

"I'll be checking your weight and height first." said the nurse, "Please take
off your clothes."

Karen waited for a moment, hoping the nurse would leave the room or at
least turn her back, but it was not to be. She stepped out her heels first and
felt the cold tile beneath her feet. Using both hands, she pulled her thin dress
over her head. Karen blushed as she felt the nurse's eyes on her smoothly
shaved pubis. The nurse directed Karen onto the scale and Karen was careful
to keep her bottom turned away from her. Although the end of the rectal
plug was mostly concealed between Karen's round buttocks, she was sure
the nurse would see it if she turned.

Once Karen's height and weight were recorded, Karen thought the nurse
might leave perhaps giving her a chance to get rid of the plug, but again it
was not to be.

The nurse opened a second door and motioned Karen to enter. Keeping her
buttocks tightly clenched, Karen did so. This examining room was slightly
larger and was set up with the examining table in the middle of the room
instead of off to the side.

"Up on the table please." said the nurse.

Karen lifted herself into a sitting position on the leather-covered table,
feeling the plug push even deeper into her as she sat on it.

A moment later the door opened and a young man in a white lab coat
entered.

"Hello Karen, I'm Doctor Wilson, I'll be giving your examination today."

Karen was instantly charmed. The doctor was young and very attractive and
before she knew it he had checked her heart, her reflexes, her eyes, ears and
throat. Through it all the nurse had sat quietly and Karen had almost
forgotten about her.

"Ok, lie back please." said the doctor and Karen started to do so. With a start
she realized that the rectal plug was still in her.

"Uh...uh...no, wait." she started but the doctor had already pulled the steel
stirrups up and was pulling her left ankle into one.

'Oh God!' thought Karen, 'He's going to see EVERYTHING!'

In a moment the other foot was snugly settled into a stirrup and the doctor
had dropped the end of the table under Karen's buttocks, leaving her
completely exposed. Doctor Wilson reached over and turned on the bright
floodlight at the end of the table.

"Hmmmmm." he murmured interestedly.

Karen squeezed her eyes tight. She felt her face flush hot with
embarrassment and knew the blush was sliding down her face and onto her
upper chest to the tops of her breasts. She had never been so embarrassed.

Karen felt the stirrups being adjusted. They were stretched a little wider and
pulled a little closer to her body. Karen felt her buttocks and pussy spread
even wider for the doctor's inspection.

Doctor's Wilson's hands felt warm at the top of her thighs.

"Hmmmm, nicely shaved lips." he said as his hands slid higher and gently
rested a thumb on either side of her smooth pussy. The doctor pulled his
thumbs apart, peeling open Karen's pink, wet interior.

"Hmmm, yes, you seem sexually aroused Karen." he said. Sliding his
thumbs higher, Dr. Wilson pulled the head of her clitoris back to expose the
sensitive area.

Karen felt the hands slide lower and now the thumbs were resting on her
buttocks and pulling them apart.

"And what have we here?" said the doctor. Using his forefinger, he tapped
several times on the end of the plug. Each tap seemed to reverberate though
Karen's whole body. She could feel his fingers on it now, teasing it, twisting
it. "This will require further investigation, I think." he said.

Each touch of the plug was electric and Karen knew her arousal was
perfectly visible to doctor and nurse who could see her most intimate parts.

Dr. Wilson grasped the plug and began teasing it from her, pulling and
twisting in tiny motions until just the tip held Karen's anus open. With a
final slow seductive twist he pulled the device from her completely and laid
it aside.

Karen tried without success to stifle a moan. The doctor just chuckled,
"Sensitive hmm? Well a submissive little girl like yourself should be used to
that kind of stimulation."

Karen opened her eyes to see the doctor squeezing a tube of lubricant onto
his finger. Embarrassed at what was happening to her, she closed her eyes
again. The doctor's finger teased around her rear opening much as Roger's
had earlier and then slid in. There was no resistance. The plug had made sure
of that. First one finger then two twisted and penetrated the submissive girl's
bottom. Karen squirmed.

"Tsk, tsk. Can't have you thrashing all over the table." said the doctor. In a
flash, cotton straps were holding Karen's ankles firmly to the metal stirrups.
She was helpless! The added restraint only seemed to turn her on more.

"Give me your hands Karen." It was the nurse's voice. Karen opened her
eyes and saw the nurse right beside her. As if in a dream she lifted her hands
and offered them to the doctor's assistant. She felt her hands being pulled to
the head of the table and fastened there. Her breasts were now flattened
against her body like little mounds with only her turgid nipples sticking up.
The nurse's hand slid down Karen's side, dragging across her left nipple.
She felt it, squeezed gently by the nurse as she walked back to the end of the
room and sat down.

Karen's body was a turmoil of sensations. The doctor's twisting, penetrating
fingers were pulling out of her bottom.

"We'll be checking your reflexes again." he said as he turned to pick
something up. Karen felt the end of something hard touch her now open
anus. The doctor pushed and the long thin object disappeared into her
slippery rectum. It was longer than the plug but thinner, she thought as her
anus contracted down on the foreign object now held in her. Another object
was now sliding into her pussy. She couldn't identify it but it was perhaps
the size of a small egg, she thought. A third object was resting high on her
shaved pubis, almost directly over her clit.

"We're going to watch you have an orgasm Karen", said the doctor, "Given
your current state of arousal, you'll be quite helpless to prevent it but just in
case, we're going to give you a little help.

The warm fingers on Karen's right nipple made her jump. She looked up to
see the doctor putting a clear ointment onto it. Immediately her nipple
started tingling. It was warm and not quite tickling, not quite itching. It felt
like a dozen tiny insects were crawling all over the nipple. The doctor let go
and the already hard nipple stood out further. Karen felt it aching to be
touched. She wanted to beg the doctor to take it in his mouth but she bit her
lip and moaned softly instead. The doctor was now doing the other nipple
and a moment later, both were thicker and longer than Karen could ever
remember. She was squirming now. Only her restraints held her to the table.
The doctor chuckled and moved back between her legs. A moment later,
Karen felt the device in her pussy come alive. It was a vibrator! It was
immediately followed by the device in her ass vibrating also. Karen cried
out. She couldn't help herself. The doctor reached up and turned on the final
vibrator. The vibrations directly over Karen's clit were too much. She was
bouncing up and down on the table. With another cry she felt herself starting
to come. It was all consuming, including every part of her body. Her nipples
contracted even tighter and seemed directly connected to her clit, her pussy
and her over-excited anus. Again and again and again she came, pulling at
the straps that held her. Finally, limp and exhausted, she could come no
more. As though from a million miles away, she felt the vibrators being
pulled from her and her wrists unfastened. It was a few more minutes before
Karen could regain enough composure to open her eyes.

The 'doctor' was smiling at her, "Your Master is going to be proud of you.
I'm going to give you a parting gift before you go back with him. Call it a
graduation present. Karen's eyes widened as she watched him squeeze a
little of the teasing ointment onto his forefinger. A moment later she gasped
as his finger slid gently but firmly all the way into her bottom. He twisted
back and forth for a moment, coating the sensitive membranes of her rectum
and anus before pulling out. The sensation was immediate. Despite herself,
Karen felt a desire to have her bottom penetrated again. Karen looked down
and saw the doctor holding another rectal plug.

"This plug is a little different than the one you arrived with. As you can see
it has two ridges, not one and it's a little longer."

Karen felt the plug penetrated her then slowly spread her open but unlike her
one plug, when her anus started to clench down, it was spread again until the
wider ridge was buried deep in her. The plug only partly alleviated the
internal excitement and teasing of the ointment. Karen squirmed several
times as her ankles were unfastened and she was helped to her feet.

The nurse whose name Karen never found out took her by the arm out of the
room and back into the room where her dress and shoes were waiting.

"Go stand in the corner Karen. That's a good girl." said the nurse. Karen
stood as she had been taught, nose pressed gently directly into the corner,
feet apart, hands resting at her sides. With the exception of the end of the
plug resting between her pretty buttocks, she was completely naked.

Karen felt the nurse's hand pat her bare bottom affectionately before leaving
the room. "Stay like that and wait for your Master." were her parting words.

Karen heard Roger's voice talking to the doctor and nurse but could only
catch part of the conversation. The ointment on her nipples had them aching
to be squeezed or suckled and the ointment in her bottom made her shift her
weight from foot to foot. As she did so, she felt the plug deep in her body
shift too. Suddenly Roger was there, sliding his hands down the length of
her back, kissing her neck.

"I saw the whole thing on video." he whispered into her ear. "You were
incredibly hot!" His fingers found the end of the plug and wiggled it,
knowing it was teasing her deep inside. "Shall we go home and watch the
tape?" he asked "Are you still hot for more?"

"Oh God am I ever!" moaned Karen as Roger handed her her dress.

It was many hours later, cuddled up in their bed together when Roger and
Karen finally settled down to sleep.

"Roger this was the best ever." murmured Karen, "I loved it."

Roger chuckled into her ear. "Wait until you see what I've got planned for
next time!"




69 Alison's Punishment

Alison walked down the stairs to the basement. She was very nervous. Her
punishment, which she had been waiting for for almost forty minutes, was
now at hand. Her mother and her Aunt Janet had made Alison wait in the
corner of the living room like a naughty little girl. She had been instructed to
remove her panties and hold her dress to her waist with her nose pressed
right into the corner of the room while she waited for her cousin Jennifer to
be punished in the basement. Alison had waited quietly while the muffled
sounds of Jennifer's spanking carried upstairs.

At 18, Alison found it humiliating to still get child-like spankings but she
had to admit, she deserved one this time. Getting caught shoplifting with
Jennifer was one of the stupidest things she'd ever done. She could only
hope that a simple spanking was the only punishment she'd receive. Her
parents had been known to punish her in other ways.

Alison stepped onto the basement floor followed by her mother and aunt.
Facing her in the middle of the floor was a strange contraption.

"This is a punishment bench Alison," said her Aunt Janet. "You'll be
making its acquaintance in a few moments. First I want to see you out of
those clothes. Come on, strip down, completely."

Alison hesitated a moment. Although she had been baring her buttocks for
the last forty minutes, stripping nude would reveal herself more than she had
counted on.

"Come, come Alison," said her mother. "There's nothing you've got under
there that we haven't seen before."

Alison squeezed her eyes shut as she pulled her dress over her head. It was
all she was wearing. Her hands dropped immediately to cover her pubis.

"Hands on your head young lady," said Aunt Janet sharply.

Alison's hands dashed to the top of her head at the command, leaving her
body completely exposed. Alison's body was a little fuller than her cousin's.
Her breasts were firm but round with rose coloured nipples and surrounding
areola that were currently crinkled erect in excitement.

Both older women's eyes were drawn directly to the teenager's bare
protubing pubis.

"Hmmm," said her mother, "I guess I was wrong. How long have you
shaved your pussy bare."

Alison hung her head miserably. "About a month," she said. "I did it for my
bikini."

Sara chuckled. "Well I guess you didn't count on being this exposed. Ok, lie
on top of the punishment bench."

Sara and Janet placed Alison over the bench so that her head and feet were
lower than her bottom. Janet moved around her niece fastening the leather
straps across the small of her back and around her wrists. Alison could still
feel the warmth and moisture of her cousin's body on the leather. Imagining
Jennifer in this position left Alison with a strange feeling of arousal. She
hoped her mother and aunt wouldn't notice.

With the leather straps fastened, Alison's upper body was now completely
immobile. Janet moved around the wood and leather restriction table and
lifted Alison's legs and placed her knees over the strategically placed pegs.
This left her spread open and more exposed than ever. Alison's view was
restricted to the leather pad for her head but she could imagine what she
must look like to her mother and Aunt Janet. Her breasts hung freely below
her given the design of the bench to leave her body unsupported from her
shoulders to her belly. Her nipples were still hard, achingly hard as they
pointed her breasts at the floor.

The view from behind was even more interesting. With the pegs and leather
straps now holding her legs splayed wide apart, Alison could feel the air in
the room waft across her spread open inner pussy lips. At least it was just
her mom and aunt. Jennifer had just been spanked by her father and uncle!
In fact, looking from behind, Jan and Sara could see not only Alison's pussy
lips but also between them. With no pubic hair to obstruct their view even
the tip of Alison's clitoris could be seen peeking from its hood. The erect
clitoris and obvious moisture on the pink extended lips of Alison's pussy
made it obvious that she was aroused by her predicament.

Looking further up, Alison's buttocks could be seen spread wide-open
thanks to the over-extended position of her thighs. Her anus was light pink
and crinkled shut.

'She probably doesn't even know it's on display,' thought Janet with a
smile. Well she will soon enough.

"Sara, should we use one of these?" asked Janet, holding up a ginger
suppository.

"What is it?" asked Sara, curious.

"Janet ripped open the foil packet and let Sara smell the ginger. "It will get
very hot," she said in low voice, smiling.

Sara's eyes widened in understanding. "Alison," she said, "Do you know
why you're being punished?"

"Yes, Ma'am," said Alison. "I know the shoplifting was wrong and I
promise never, never, never to do it again."

"Well we are going to help you remember that promise young lady. You can
expect to leave this room with your bottom scalding hot. Moreover, I think
the severity of your crime warrants a good enema."

Alison moaned.

"I know you find them embarrassing but the embarrassment and discomfort
will serve to remind you not to get into this kind of trouble again."

"First though," said Sara as she patted her daughter's smooth buttock, "Your
aunt is going to prepare your bottom for your enema with something that
will be probably uncomfortable.

'What was this?!' thought Alison as she tensed up.

Janet was standing now between Alison's spread thighs and holding the 1-
1/2" ginger suppository in her fingers. She watched the young girl's anus
clench tight at her mother's warning. Janet tickled the tip of the slippery
capsule directly into the center of the crinkled anus.

"Relax it Alison," she said.

Alison could feel the cold slick sensation of something touching her bottom.
'What was it?' she wondered. Alison forced herself to unclench her bottom
and as she did so Janet smoothly slid the first inch into her anus. Rolling the
end with her fingers she twirled the half-inserted capsule in the tight opening
to the girl's rear passage before pushing in completely. Using the tip of her
finger now, Janet slowly pushed the suppository deep into Alison's rectum
with a twisting motion until her finger was buried to the hilt in her rectal
canal and she could just feel the tip of the suppository with her finger.

Janet slowly pulled her finger out leaving the melting capsule deep in
Alison's rectum.

Taking a step back, Janet waited for the caustic suppository to take effect.
Alison would feel it first on the ring of her anus, she knew. It took about a
minute. First Alison squirmed for a moment then Janet and Sara watched as
the teenager's toes curled and her thighs squeezed the wooden pegs holding
them apart. Alison let out a low moan as the effect of the ginger began to
take effect.

"Owww Mommy it's hot, take it out!" cried the young girl in a plaintive
voice.

The two older women watched Alison's anus now clench and release in a
'winking' motion as the deep-seated ginger began working through her
bowels.

We'll be back down in a few minutes to continue your punishment." said
Alison's mother in reply. Alison's barely heard her, the sensations deep in
her bottom taking all of her attention.

Janet and Sara went back to the living room where Jennifer was now
waiting, completely nude with her nose pressed firmly in the corner. Her
bottom was still a deep red and Sara and Jan watched for a moment as
Jennifer clenched and released her buttocks in a vain attempt to alleviate the
heat she was experiencing.

Janet and Sara's respective husbands were soon found out on the patio.

"Any trouble with Alison?" asked Doug.

"No, none. She's down there waiting for her enema and spanking on that
marvelous spanking bench."

"Yes, John and I were just discussing it. He's going to give me a hand
building one for us." said Sara's husband.

"Well it certainly does leave you completely exposed," said Janet, blushing.

Well I wouldn't mind seeing you both on there," chuckled Doug.

"We've got someone on there now who needs her bottom warmed first,"
said Sara. "Although her rectum is getting an internal warming with that
suppository. When did you start using those?"

"About two years ago," said John. "They're certainly effective."

"They certainly had Jennifer squirming," said Doug.

"Yes, I'll bet you liked that view," chuckled his wife as she playfully
punched his arm.

"You bet I did, although the view I liked the best was the sight of Jennifer's
nipples. Have you seen how large they got when erect?"

"They're quite spectacular," agreed John. "She takes after her mom."

"Well, your daughter has a surprise view for you when you get downstairs,"
said Sara. "She's shaved herself pubis completely!"

"Speaking of which, I guess we should head down and finish Alison's
punishment," said John.

"Alison's face was wet with tears. She was miserable. The hot ginger
suppository was now completely melted deep in her body and she could feel
the effects from just behind her belly button all the way out to her anus and
her punishment hadn't even started yet! For the last ten minutes the only
sound Alison had heard was the sound of her own breathing and whimpering
leaving her nothing to concentrate on but the discomfort in her bottom.

The sounds of footsteps coming down the stairs behind her were almost a
relief.

"A little uncomfortable Alison?" asked Janet.

Alison nodded her head miserably.

"Well I imagine you're looking forward to your enema then," smiled her
mother.

Alison could hear the sounds of what must be the enema equipment being
organized behind her.

"This punishment bench leaves you quite exposed back her Alison." said
Doug.

Alison started! Her father was in the room and he could see everything!
Alison felt the tip of something cool and flat stroke her inner thighs towards
her pussy. It was the end of a riding crop that had most recently been used to
spank her cousin. The flat leather tip struck her naked pussy lips gently and
then rubbed lengthwise up her now soaking slit.

"I can see what you mean about her pussy being bare," said Alison's uncle.
"It leaves her even more naked than just undressed.

Alison's head pulled up like a shot! Her thighs strained as she tried in vain
to pull away from her restraints. Her uncle was here! That was his hand
holding the riding crop to rub her bare, oh God, her shaved and bare pussy!
To make matters worse, Alison's pussy was now soaking wet with sexual
tension. She had never been so embarrassed in all her life.

Now the crop slid higher along her side, making a trail to her left breast.
John smacked the tip of her hanging breast gently then again sharply
enjoying the sight of Alison's nipple crinkling to an even more erect state.

You've filled out since I saw you last Alison," said John.

The tears were flowing freely now as Alison suffered the indignation of
being stroked again across her naked nipple by her uncle's crop.

Alison could still feel the tip of the crop moving here and there on her body
when the sensation of someone standing directly between her thighs made
her aware that the next portion of her punishment was at hand. The cool
sensation of a fingertip at the entrance to her rectum was almost a relief. Her
rear passage and the portal to it had been on fire it seemed forever. Alison
wondered fleetingly who it was that was tickling her anus as the lubricated
finger applied a blob of Vaseline to the tight brown opening. Alison was
sure it was either her mother or her aunt from the delicate movements of the
fingertip. The four adults had watched with interest how Alison's teenage
anus had opened up like a flower with the suppository. When they had
descended, the muscles between Alison's buttocks had been clenching and
releasing frantically in a vain attempt to release some of the intense
sensations originating deep in her young body. Now Sara's long thin finger
had a large blob of Vaseline on its tip and Sara was rubbing that Vaseline
gently and slowly around the rim of Alison's anus. The adults watched as
Alison's hips rose in an automatic response, trying to seek more of the cool
relief.

Sara smiled as she teased the tiny opening a moment longer. She was
rewarded with a moan from Alison at the erotic sensations she was
experiencing through her entire pelvic floor. At the sound of Alison's
pleasure, Sara firmly but slowly pushed first the tip and then her entire long
finger into Alison's rectum, continuing until it was as embedded as deeply
as it would go. Alison's toes curled in response and everyone could see her
tight body trembling with the tension it had built up.

Sara twisted her finger through a full rotation feeling how hot and tight her
daughter's rectum was. 'It will give some lucky boy quite a thrill one day,'
she thought to herself. Gently pulling the finger all the way out, Sara noticed
how Alison's anus pulled at her, trying despite her to hold the finger deep
inside. She applied more lubricant and slid her finger deep inside again,
twisting and turning, coating the first 4 inches of Alison's rectal tube with a
liberal portion of the clear jelly.

By the time Alison was lubricated, her body was a mass of sensations. First
her bottom had been burning hot. It was still irritated enough that it was
making her squirm but the Vaseline had taken most of the sting away. Now,
the sensation of her mother's long and cool finger twisting and sliding deep
in her rectum had her squirming from different feelings.

Alison felt her mother's finger pull from her and felt the tip of what must be
the enema nozzle touch the center of her anus. Again it was Sara who was
attending to the enema preparations. Alison felt the tip of the hard, cool
plastic separate the tight anal ring. The effects of the suppository made her
more open than she had ever been back there. She was completely unable to
resist the initial penetration of her rear.

Sara twisted the tip around a couple of times to get Alison's bottom used to
the feeling before pushing the nozzle forward. As she did so Alison realized
that the nozzle being used wasn't the simple enema nozzle or even the
longer, thicker douche nozzle. It was the hated enema. This long nozzle
came complete with two inflatable bulbs. One of these deflated bulbs would
be inserted into her anus, the other close behind it would be left out. When
they were both inflated, they would press close together making an
unbreakable seal between them and ensuring that the water injected into her
body would stay there until released. The insertion of the first bulb was
always uncomfortable for Alison but this time her bottom seemed to flare
out and accept it. 'Probably because of that damned suppository,' she
thought.

Alison held her breath, waiting for the dreaded inflation of the bulbs to
begin. She didn't have to wait long. The inflator bulbs looked much the
same as those on a blood-pressure cuff. Each squeeze would send air
directly to the balloon surrounding the enema tube now inserted into her
bottom. Alison heard the sound of the squeezed inflator at the same time she
felt the object in her rectum move. Several strong squeezed had her
squealing in protest as first the internal, then the external bulbs were filled.
The inflating of the nozzle had pulled her anus wider open but with both
bulbs pushing against each other, the rubber had effectively taken control
over any evacuation Alison might want to do. The sensation made Alison
push at the bulbs. It was involuntary just as though she was in the middle of
a bowel movement. No amount of pushing would have any effect on the
nozzle.

"Very effective," said Janet as she inspected the arrangement.

"This table makes it even easier," said Sara, wiping her hands. "Her bottom
is at the perfect position for accessing Alison's rectum. I'm sure looking
forward to getting one of these for ourselves. Also, that suppository must
have opened her up. Getting the nozzle into Alison's bottom is usually a
struggle but this time it just slid right in."

Alison waited. She knew that the next step was to release the enema into her.
It was Alison's father who did the honours. Reaching up he undid the clip
holding the water in the enema bag hanging a couple of feet above Alison's
naked and spread body. Alison felt the rush of water start into her with some
apprehension. She never knew what might happen at this moment. In some
cases the enema bag would be filled with hot, hot water and the resulting
sensation would be like liquid fire being injected into her. Other occasions
had seen very cool water sliding into her with the resulting cramps being
instantaneous. Other opportunities had seen water with various solutions
added all which served to increase her discomfort. This time the water was
warm, just a bit warmer than body temperature. 'Was there soap or
something else in it?' she wondered.

"You're fortunate that your enema is water only tonight Alison," said her
father as though reading her thoughts. To make up for this you'll be getting
a little extra water in your bottom. Alison whimpered in reply, her attention
completely absorbed with dealing with the sensations occurring now deep in
her bowels.

"This ought to keep you from making an accident," said John as he giggled
the end of the enema nozzle sticking out of Alison's spread anus.
Alison strained at the sensation as the inserted section of the nozzle wiggled
back and forth well inside her rectum.

Alison barely heard the sound of the adults moving back up the stairs,
leaving her to the automatic actions of the water filling her belly. The
position and design of the table let Alison's belly expand and hang below
her as it slowly filled with what seemed an enormous amount of water.
Alison was thankful that there was nothing in the water that caused cramps
although she knew that the water alone would be uncomfortable. 'God. How
much water is it?' she wondered as the sound of the gurgling water
continued to fill her. At last the bag was empty and the water now held by
gravity and the nozzle deep in her bottom.

It was a few minutes later that Alison heard the sounds of a single person
descending the stairs behind her. 'Who was it,' she wondered. Alison could
sense the person moving quietly closer until she was sure that they were
standing directly between her flexed and outstretched thighs. For a moment,
there was absolute silence as Alison waited to see what would happen and
the person behind her waited, observing the young girl.

The sensation of the long enema nozzle being touched was like an electric
shock to Alison. She started as she felt the nozzle being manipulated. It was
just the nozzle being closed and the hose to the now empty enema bag being
detached as it turned out. Still the wiggling of the device deep inside of her
body as the hose was removed caused Alison to moan softly and squirm in
response.

"You still have your spanking coming to you young lady," said Janet.

Alison closed her eyes. She knew this was coming and now she knew that it
would be her aunt who delivered her punishment. At least she wouldn't be
spanked in front of all the adults especially her uncle.

Alison felt something hard and smooth rub in soft circles around her
buttocks.

"I'll be spanking you with this," said her aunt.

'A paddle,' thought Alison.

Janet turned the hairbrush over and rubbed the bristles gently across the pale
white buttocks of her young niece. With her bottom pulled tight by her
extended position she knew there would be no escaping the punishment to
come.

'Oh God a hairbrush,' thought Alison. She knew that her bottom would soon
be as fire red as her face had been from blushing for the last forty minutes.

The sharp bristles of the hairbrush wandered all over the naked flesh, around
each buttock, down the spread open right thigh and back up the sensitive
inner thigh all the way to the top. Alison tensed as the bristles approached
her smooth pussy. Janet pulled the brush away just before touching Alison's
pubis and brought it down to Alison's left leg to repeat the process. Janet
reveled in the sight in front of her. The hard-bodied teen was as spread out
as her body could allow. Looking down, Janet was presented with the
stretched muscles of Alison's thighs spread out over the wooden pegs that
held them apart. Alison's pale white buttocks were spread out due to her
overextended position. The end of the nozzle and the outer bulb
squeezed up tight against her anus.

Janet lifted the brush from the stroking of Alison's sensitive thighs. She new
the effect she was having on the younger girl. The lips of Alison's pussy
were very puffed out and very, very wet. Janet tapped lightly on the end of
the nozzle buried deep in Alison's rectum. Alison gasped at the sensation.
The shock wave of the tiny tap ran like a shock wave down the rubber and
plastic tube to reverberate deep in her overfull belly.

"Are you ready for your spanking now Alison?" asked Janet.

"Yes Ma'am," she answered weakly. The physical sensations running
through the young girl were overwhelming and the spanking now looming in
front of her was an almost welcome relief.

The first smack of the brush was sharp and hot on Ali's left white buttock.
Just the first smack was enough to release a floodgate of tears. They had
been bottled up since her humiliating punishment began. Janet kept up a
furious pace, smacking first left then right until each buttock was a bright
red. It was perhaps five minutes of spanking before Janet paused and rubbed
her palm over the red cheeks.

"Mmmm, nice and warm I think," said Janet.

With her left hand, Janet grasped the end of the nozzle sticking from
Alison's bottom. Any touch on the deep-seated device caused Alison the
most conflicting sensations. It was obvious to Janet. With the brush in her
right hand, Janet continued the spanking. Each smack of the brush was like
fire to Alison but with all the sensations at the same time it was difficult to
concentrate on any of them. The warm water was still stretching her belly
out as though she was pregnant. The punishment bench itself still restrained
Alison in the stretched out spread open position. The ginger suppository and
the following lubrication and insertion of the nozzle had left a deep
stinging warmth that Alison could still feel deep behind her swollen belly
despite the water that had passed through her rectum into her body. The
nozzle itself of course was still inflated both inside and outside Alison's
stretched open anus. Finally the spanking and the teasing of the nozzle left
conflicting sensation of stinging heat and heat of a more sexual kind.

Suddenly the spanking stopped. Alison's breath was coming now in ragged
gasps. She wasn't sure if she was gasping from the spanking or the
excitement of all the other sensations. Janet lifted her hand from the nozzle
and reversed the brush in her hand. It was obvious that Alison was aroused.
Passing a hand once again over her niece's hot buttocks, Janet could feel
their heat. Taking the hairbrush, Janet lowered the bristle side close to the
shaved swollen pubis. Alison's clitoris had been erect and peeking out of its
protective hood almost from the moment she had been fastened over the
punishment bench. Both it and her nipples were achingly hard. Even with all
the other sensations running through her, Alison could not get the feelings in
her clitoris and nipples out of her mind.

Alison could feel the sharp stroking bristles of the hairbrush move down her
hot buttocks toward her wet pussy. 'Oh No' she thought, 'Is she going to
spank my pussy?' Spanking Alison's pussy was not in Janet's plans. Using
the bristle side of the brush, Janet reached as far up as she could and gently
stroked down from the top of Alison's bare slit along toward the bottom.

"Noooo" moaned Alison as she felt her control slipping away. This last
sensation was too much for her. As much as she had been trying to hold
back, the bristles dragging along her swollen slit, pulling at her clit drove
Alison over the edge. Her orgasm seemed to start deep behind her naval
button, deep within her water-filled belly. Janet tapped her finger against the
end of the nozzle as Alison's hips bucked and struggled with the onset of her
orgasm.




70 Trip to the Woodshed

"Michelle Carolson! Get down here right now." Michelle's mother was not a
happy camper. The call from the school principal about Michelle and some
of the other teenagers getting in trouble out behind the cafeteria had left
Michelle's mother Susan incredulous. Getting a call about an infraction of
some kind from the head of her daughter's high school was embarrassing
and upsetting enough but Susan had been made to listen to a list of
complaints by Mr. Peters.

 From the look on Michelle's face, Susan knew instantly that the principal
had been speaking the truth. Susan's 16-year-old daughter looked like she
had been caught with her hand in the cookie jar.

"Michelle, I've just gotten off the phone with Principal Peters," Susan was
controlling her voice with an effort.

"I guess I should have told you I got in a little trouble at school." said
Michelle miserably.

"A little trouble? You should have told me you got into a heap of trouble. I
can barely believe it. Finding out that you were caught smoking is
horrendous enough but then Mr. Peters tells me that you were playing some
kind of show and tell game with your bra on the ground and your blouse
wide open to show the boys your breasts! Haven't we taught you anything? I
couldn't imagine that there was more but apparently you were caught earlier
this week in the boy's locker room! That time your panties and your bra
were found on the ground. Mr. Peters tells me that you've gotten something
of a reputation for playing risqu  sex type games and that he and his teachers
have put you on a list of problem students to be kept in check. I can't
imagine what else might be on this list of infractions but I'm sure they
haven't caught everything have they?"

Michelle was standing in front of her mother now like a naughty girl with
her head hung low. She'd known it was only a matter of time before she got
caught and she couldn't imagine being more miserable that she was at this
moment.

"Well have they?" asked her mother again.

Michelle should her head.

"Well Micky, you are in it deep this time. You know you'll be punished
don't you?"

Michelle nodded her head softly without looking up.

"It's been quite a while but I think your bottom is in for the blistering of
your young life missy."

Michelle's head shot up at this. "No Mom! I'm sixteen! Take away my
allowance or ground me for a month or something. You can't be thinking of
spanking me at my age!"

"Oh yes I am and I should have started it a long time ago." Michelle felt
herself close to tears as her sentence was pronounced. She felt her buttocks
clench involuntarily and imagined that they felt hotter as though the
spanking had already started.

"Come along young lady." said Susan as she took her daughter firmly by the
arm.

"Time for you to learn some common sense." Susan marched her teenaged
girl back up the stairs and into her bedroom. Michelle's radio was still
playing and Susan turned it off leaving an uncomfortable silence in its wake.

"When I was young, my parents would take me on a trip to the woodshed to
spank some sense into me" Susan told her daughter. "We don't have a
woodshed but I'm sure the garage will do. First, I'm going to teach you how
to get ready for the spankings you'll be getting from now on whenever
you're bad. We'll need one of your short nighties. You can start right now
by getting out of those clothes."

Michelle opened her mouth to protest but one look at her mother's face
made it clear that it would be pointless. The whole situation seemed unreal
somehow.

Michelle looked down to see her trembling fingers undoing her blouse and it
seemed as though the fingers weren't even her own.

Susan was sorting through Michelle's lingerie drawer. She knew exactly
what she was looking for. Near the bottom of the drawer she found it, a short
satin nighty with thin straps that would come down just far enough to cover
Michelle's bottom... temporarily. As Susan pulled the nightie out of the
jumble of underthings, something at the bottom of the drawer went thump.
Susan heard Michelle gasp at the sound and turned towards her. Michelle's
eyes were wide as she suddenly realized where her mother was looking.
Susan turned back to the drawer.

"No Mom, Please don't look in there." pleaded the young girl. "You hush!"
said Susan as she began emptying the contents of the drawer onto the floor.
Behind her, Susan heard a sob of mortification. What, she wondered, could
be so embarrassing? A moment later she had her answer. As the last of the
lingerie was pulled out Susan's jaw literally hung open in surprise. At the
bottom of the drawer were several objects. Susan recognized them all but
had trouble absorbing the impact of what she was seeing. A vibrator was
over on the left. That wasn't so bad, though Susan. After all, surely a
sixteen-year-old was masturbating by now. The other objects were a little
different.

Right in the middle was a set of nipple clips. They looked to be of the simple
variety, mused Susan. They were rubber coated spring clips with a joining
chain.

Susan pulled them up and realized that a longer third chain and clip was also
attached. Whew! thought Susan, A clip for her clit too. Susan dropped the
chain. There were a couple of dildos of varying sizes, she noted. The double-
ended dildo made her blink as she tried to imagine Michelle and another
girl... oh goodness! The handcuffs were the least surprising and finally...,
Susan reached down and plucked the rectal plug out of the drawer and
turned to face Michelle.

Michelle was crying was crying. Tears of embarrassment trickled down her
face.

"I see you've been doing quite a bit of exploring," said Susan. Michelle just
hung her head. She had, by now stripped down to her bra and panties.

"Off with the rest Michelle. I'm sure you've nothing to shock me now."
Susan was wrong.

With the rectal plug still in hand, Susan took a seat on Michelle's straight-
backed vanity chair as Micky reached behind her back to unclip her bra.

Michelle's firm 34b breasts came into view and Susan looked up to take in
her daughter's body. Michelle was a long lanky girl, just like her mother.
Standing at 5'9" and weighing in at 110 pounds she sported a firm runner's
body. Her hair was sun-bleached blond and wavy. Michelle now had it in a
high ponytail.

Her breasts reminded Susan of her own, firm, high-set with wide areolae.
Michelle's nipples were out of proportion to her breasts. They were very,
very thick and about 3/4 of an inch long. They were bright pink unlike
Susan's, which had gotten darker when she got pregnant. Like Susan's
however, Michelle's nipples were now crinkled as erect as they could be.

Michelle was hesitating, with her thumbs tucked into the waistband of her
panties.

"Michelle, I will not tolerate any more disobedience. Now get those down!"
warned Susan.

Michelle closed her eyes and pushed the tiny garment to the floor. As she
rose up she felt one of her hands naturally rise to cover her breasts while the
other made a vain attempt to cover her pubis.

"Get those hands on top of your head young lady!" said Susan in a firm
voice.

Michelle did as she was asked, leaving her eyes staring at the ceiling in
embarrassment. Susan looked at her daughter in total astonishment.
Michelle's pubis was shaven clean. It looked as smooth as when she was
born. Susan rocked back in her chair trying to absorb all the shocks she'd
had in the last 30 minutes.

"Well, well young lady. So you like to experiment do you? Well you're in
for an awfully embarrassing time. Let me tell you something about
punishments that I learned a long time ago. Half the punishment comes from
the heat your bottom is going to feel very shortly. The other half comes from
the embarrassment of the punishment and for my money, that lasts a lot
longer.

"All right, in a few minutes, I'm going to bring you to the garage and show
you how to prepare for a punishment but first I'm going to warm that
naughty bottom of yours over my knee. Get over here and over my lap right
now."

The fight seemed to have gone out of Michelle as she shuffled forward.
Susan realized she still had the rectal plug in her hand and slid it into the
pocket of her skirt as Michelle bent over her lap. Susan pulled her skirt up so
Michelle was lying over her bare thighs. It felt strange to feel Michelle's
bare tummy and breasts lying against her bare legs.

Susan shifted Michelle around until her bottom was uppermost. Grasping
around Michelle's waist with her left hand, Susan rested her right on
Michelle's bare, white bottom. Susan smiled as she felt Michelle clench her
bottom at the touch.

She remembered all too well just how vulnerable this position felt. Still,
there was one more touch to add.

"No, no, we'll have no clenching of these buttocks during your spanking"
said Susan as she patted Michelle's bottom gently, "Point your toes and rest
the top of your toes on the carpet." Michelle did as she was told.

"Now turn your toes in."

With her toes turned inwards, Michelle found it impossible to clench her
bottom at all. How had her mother known that this position would
accomplish that?

"Now, do you know why you're being spanked Michelle?"

"Because I've been so easy" Susan's daughter answered.

"Yes, but this spanking is for keeping your behavior secret. Your
punishment for your behavior will be given in the garage." Without further
delay, Susan raised her hand and brought it down sharply on the left buttock.
Michelle gasped. Working herself into a steady rhythm, it took only
moments before Michelle's pretty bottom was a deep pink and then a
blotchy red.

To Michelle's credit she didn't try to reach back. Her head hung in shame,
she realized she really deserved every bit of this spanking. Tears rolled
down her face but they were more from the embarrassment than the stinging
heat from her mother's hand. As fast as it had started, it stopped. Michelle
made to get up but a slight push from her mother pushed her down again.
Michelle hung over her mother's thighs passively, waiting for whatever
might come next. Michelle felt something cool, something smooth rubbing
over her now hot bottom.

"Do you know what that is Michelle?" asked Susan.

"No" sniffed the young teen.

Susan turned the hairbrush over and ran the bristle side gently across the red
bottom.

"Oh Mom! Not with a brush!" pleaded Michelle.

"Relax, I'm not going to spank you with this brush" said Susan. She felt
Michelle's body go limp with relief.

"I'm going to have your father do it."

"Mom! No!" cried Michelle.

Susan pulled the young girl off her lap. Michelle's eyes were wide as she
begged her mother not to let her Daddy spank her. Hadn't she been punished
enough?

"Not by a long shot." said Susan quietly as she stood up, "Put this nighty
on."

she instructed Michelle.

The nighty was both thin and short. Susan could clearly see thee shape and
size of not only Michelle's nipples but her crinkled areolae as well. As
expected, the hem of the garment came down just to the crease of Michelle's
bottom.

"Come along." said Susan as she lead her down the stairs and into the garage
via the kitchen door.

The garage floor was cool against Michelle's bare feet. It made her feel even
more naked. The garage was empty of cars and the garage door was,
mercifully, closed. Michelle's father used this part of the house as his work
area. Susan had Michelle wait a moment while she moved their bicycles out
of the corner.

"Over here Michelle."

Michelle shuffled forward.

"Go stand in that corner just like the naughty little girl that you are."

Michelle moved forward until she was about two feet from the corner.

"Closer," said Susan.

Michelle shuffled closer until her nose was about ten inches from the corner.

"Closer," said Susan again in a soft voice.

Michelle whimpered quietly as she moved right into the corner. She felt
horribly vulnerable. The cement cinderblocks of the garage walls dominated
her vision and her back and bottom felt completely exposed. In a way, she
realized, it was the same sensation as whenever she got blindfolded.
Remembering her blindfold and her other sex games sent a rush to her
pussy. In an instant she could feel herself get wet.

As vulnerable as Michelle felt she was about to feel more so. "Very good
Michelle, that's exactly the spot you'll wait in whenever you're getting a
spanking from now on. There's just one more thing. Reach down and lift
your nighty."

Susan could see Michelle's hands tremble as they grasped the hem of the
silky garment and lifted it just above her bottom. Susan could see the
redness of her hand spanking was already fading. "No Michelle, that won't
do. Lift that nighty right up under your arms."

It took a moment of hesitation but Michelle's hand pulled the white silk
right up to her armpits baring her back, her breasts and her hard nipples to
the cool air of the garage.

"That's exactly right Michelle" said her mother, "From now on, if your
father or I tell you to go get ready for a spanking, this is how I expect to find
you waiting. Your nose will be right in that corner, you'll be wearing only
that exact nighty on and you will be holding it up just like that. Now, your
father will be home in a half an hour so you have that long to think about
your behavior."

Susan looked around the garage. The old sofa was in here so Paul could use
that.

Perhaps she should bring in a straight-backed chair from the kitchen. No, the
perfect furniture caught her eye: Paul's sawhorses. They were the age-old
style and Susan remembered bending over one just like it as a teen. All the
camping equipment was in the garage and Susan took down one of the
sleeping bags as a padded cover. She folded it and put it across one of the
sawhorses then moved the wooden contraption to the center of the garage
floor.

Susan headed for the kitchen, sliding her hands into her pockets as she
prepared to leave Michelle to wait for her paddling. As her hands pushed
down into her skirt pockets, her right hand touched the rectal plug she had
stowed there earlier. Susan pulled the plastic object from her pocket and
stared at it thoughtfully. The plug was similar to those Susan had felt
invading her own anus. It was about four inches long and rounded at the
end. A large bulge at the three-inch mark spread the diameter of the plug
from one inch to two. The neck of the plug narrowed back to 3/4 of an inch
before spreading to a 'T' shape.

Susan knew from experience that one the round bulge had passed the
sphincter, the anus would clamp down and squeeze the narrower neck of the
rigid object.

Unable to push the bulge past her sphincter muscles and unable to draw the
object fully within her rectum due to the 'T' base, the anus and rectum
would be under constant stimulation. Susan smiled. After all, the
punishment should fit the crime shouldn't it?

"Stay right there young lady. I'll be right back."

Michelle listened as the garage became quiet. Her bottom was still warm but
the stinging had gone away. The most present sensations Michelle had were
her nipples. They were so hard they ached. Why did they always do that she
wondered.

Michelle leaned forward a couple of inches and the tips of her turgid nipples
touched the cold, rough cement of the wall. Michelle gasped at the
sensation.

She moved sideways an inch and felt the delicious sensation of her nipples
dragging across the hard concrete. It was like scratching an awful itch but it
made her want to have more. Her hard sensitive nipples had gotten her into
more trouble than anything else. Reluctantly, she pulled back as the sounds
of her mother's footsteps came back into the garage.

"Come here Michelle" said Susan.

Michelle dropper her hands and turned around.

"Did I tell you to lower your hands?" asked her mother.

Michelle's eyes widened at the loud commanding voice and before she
could even think, her hands had yanked her nighty back up over her breasts,
leaving her once again exposed. Soon she'd have to do this in front of her
father, thought Michelle and blushed scarlet at the thought.

Michelle saw her mother standing beside something covered up by a
sleeping bag, a sawhorse, she realized. Susan motioned to Michelle to the
side of the object.

"You'll be spanked bent over this" said Susan, "I want you to bend over it
now so you know what position to take and also so I can finish preparing
you for your punishment."

What did that mean, wondered Michelle as she bent over the waist-high
sawhorse.

The height was perfect, Susan realized. Michelle's hips would rest right on
the top.

"Spread your feet until they're on the outside of the legs of the sawhorse,"
instructed Susan, "then reach forward to hold the lower crossbar with your
hands."

In this position Michelle was "completely" open. Her bent-over posture had
the nighty slip higher covering her head. Now she couldn't see at all. She
could just imagine the view from behind her.

Susan was enjoying that view now. Michelle's body was very stretched. The
spread open, bent over position had her buttocks spread naturally. Susan
could clearly see the crinkled pink opening of Michelle's anus and below
that the bare, puffy lips of her pussy. She's aroused, Susan realized as the
moisture on Michelle's shaved lips glistened in the light.

"All right young lady. Since you like playing with toys so much I'm going
to leave you with one while you're being punished so you won't have any
trouble remembering why you're in that position.

What was she going to do, wondered Michelle.

Susan pried open the lid of the jar of Vaseline she had fetched from the
bathroom and dipped her finger deep into the cool jelly. Michelle's bottom
was fully spread open and Susan knew she was nervous. As her finger
approached she could see Michelle's puckered anus clench and release as
though knowing it would soon be penetrated. Susan touched just the tip of
her finger to the center of the tight opening. Michelle gasped as the cool
slippery sensation of the Vaseline-covered finger touched her most intimate
place. Her whole body seemed to tense involuntarily.

"Don't move." warned Susan.

In one long, firm motion, Susan slid her finger deep into Michelle's bottom.

Pulling out with a twisting motion, Susan pushed in again, thoroughly
lubricating the teenage rectum. Susan pulled her finger out and now dipped
the tip of the rectal plug in the clear petroleum gel. Susan put the Vaseline
down and brought the tip of the plug to the now glistening entrance to
Michelle's anus.

So this is what it's like on the giving end, thought Susan as she remembered
for a moment the last time she had waited for Peter to fill her own bottom
with such a plug.

Michelle had been holding her breath as her mother seemed to pause for a
moment.

Was that really her plug touching her bottom, she wondered? She found out
a moment later as the plastic object was pushed into her right up to the wide
bulge. Michelle's breath went out in a loud whoosh.

Susan held the plug there for a moment. There had been virtually no
resistance to the plastic intruder and she was now quite certain that this was
not the first trip for this plug up Michelle's rectal passage. Susan twisted the
slippery plug slowly through a quarter turn and watched Michelle's toes curl
in reaction. With a gentle push, Susan slid the plug in, letting Michelle's
anus contract over the narrower neck of the object.

Susan took a step back. Michelle hadn't moved. Her young body was still
stretched and spread over the padded sawhorse, her pale bottom framed by
the tan of her back and legs and punctuated by the tip of the rectal plug
poking out from the center.

The sound of Peter's car pulling into the driveway reached both Susan and
Michelle's ears at the same time. Michelle started and made to get up. It was
automatic. Susan put her hand at the small of Michelle's back.

"No, no, young lady," you'll stay just as you are until you're told to move.

Susan moved out of the garage and closed the door behind her. Michelle
choked back a sob of frustration. She was thoroughly humiliated already and
knew she'd be more so as soon as her father saw her like this.

Susan met Peter at the door.

"Hi Honey, how as your day," he asked, giving Susan a kiss on the cheek.

"It's been pretty eventful so far," she grinned. "Are you ready for a shock?"

"What?" said Peter. The look on Susan's face told him that whatever it is, it
wasn't life threatening.

"Well, your daughter has gotten into a fair amount of trouble and I've
decided to handle it a little differently from usual."

"Oh?" said Peter, raising one eyebrow.

"Follow me and no matter what you see, don't say anything." Susan led her
husband to the entrance of the garage.

As Peter followed Susan into the garage, it was all he could do to keep from
talking. Michelle had obediently maintained her submissive stance. The
view of Michelle in her spread open, exposed position left nothing to the
imagination.

In an instant, Peter saw Michelle's bare, hanging breasts, her long erect
nipples, her bare shaved?! pussy and the plug?! in her bottom. Susan pulled
Peter from the room just before he began spluttering, asking all of his
questions at once.

It took Susan another five minutes to describe the events of the afternoon
and at least four attempts to get across that the rectal plug sticking from
Michelle's bottom was, in fact, her own and not from Peter and Susan's toy
box.

Finally, when Susan brought Peter to Michelle's room and showed him
Michelle's toy collection, it started to sink in.

By the time Peter stepped back into the garage, hairbrush in hand, Michelle
had been waiting over ten minutes. To her credit, she had waited obediently
in the embarrassing, submissive position with her bottom filled and exposed.
She knew that the sound of the door meant her punishment was close at
hand.

Peter tapped the flat of the hairbrush against Michelle's bare bottom.

"So young lady, not only are you experimenting sexually but you're being a
sneak. Not communicating, lying to your teachers, missing school. These are
the things that have you being punished today. Have you at least been
practicing safe sex?"

"Mostly" said Michelle in a tiny voice.

"That is completely unacceptable Michelle! If you are going to play adult
games, you need to take responsibility like an adult. Since you haven't been
able to do that, this seems to be the only way to teach you to remember to be
responsible."

Without further ado, Peter raised his hand and brought the hairbrush down in
a resounding smack on Michelle's left buttock. Before the pain and heat
even registered, the hairbrush was making contact with the right buttock.

Peter beat out a rapid tattoo on Michelle's bare bottom, rapidly turning it
from pale white to hot pink. The tears started almost immediately but Peter
kept going until he knew the punishment had gotten through. He paused for
a few moments to rest his arm and turned the brush over to rub the bristle
side across the hot bottom. The bristles against the over-sensitized flesh felt
like sharpened nails to Michelle. She could feel the nerve endings in every
inch of her bottom. The heat seemed to start at the surface and move all
through her body. To her embarrassment, she was experiencing another kind
of heat. Just as when her boyfriend had played domination and submission
games, Michelle could feel the her nipples harden still further and her bare
pussy become squishy and wet.

Peter turned the brush over and tapped the smooth side against the end of the
plug sticking from the hot bottom. Michelle gasped at each tap. The shock
waves seemed to travel right to her clit.

"Do you know why this is in you Michelle?" asked her father. Without
waiting for a response, he answered himself. "It's to remind you that
irresponsible sex play is not acceptable. There are many worse punishments
than just a spanking and if you don't change your ways, you're liable to find
out about them. You might find not only your bottom spanked but perhaps
also right here, across your anus with a thin strap or perhaps a spanking a
little lower. Peter rubbed the bristle side of the brush right up between
Michelle's thighs, letting the soft bristles rub along her bare pussy lips and
clit. Some of the bristles found their way between the engorged lips making
Michelle moan despite herself. Peter smiled. Like mother, like daughter, he
thought. Michelle's reaction to her punishment was the same arousal Susan
displayed whenever she was spanked and teased.

"All right, I'm going to finish your spanking now." said Peter With his left
hand at the small of her back, Peter resumed spanking the already hot
buttocks. Now virtually every smack caused Michelle's hips to buck
upwards. Peter slid his hand lower, grasping the end of the rectal plug firmly
as he continued spanking.

For Michelle, the rush of sensations were like information overload. The
feelings in her pussy, her anus, deep in her rectum, her breasts and nipples
and, of course, her bottom all seemed to crowd in at once she knew she was
bucking her hips higher and higher and that the rectal plug was jiggling in
her as her father held it firmly. She knew that her knees were splayed wide
showing her soaking pussy. It embarrassed her but she couldn't help it. Her
orgasm, when it came, was unlike anything she'd ever experienced. She
cried out again and again, her cries of passion mingling with her cries from
the spanking. As she calmed a little, she realized the spanking had stopped.
Had her father noticed? Oh God, that would be the most humiliating if he'd
seen her cum.

Peter would have had to have been deaf dumb and blind to miss Michelle's
orgasm and he was not. Also, he had pretty much expected it as that was
about when Susan would have cum also. Peter took Michelle by the arm and
led her from the garage. The thin, short nighty had long since fallen over
Michelle's head onto the floor, leaving her now completely naked. In a few
moments, Peter had put Michelle into the corner of the living room with her
red, bare bottom still on display and the rectal plug still twitching between
her buttocks from the spasms still working through her body.

"You'll stay there until you're told to go dress." said Peter, inflicting the
final embarrassment on his daughter. "I also want you to know that I agree
with your mother and that if you misbehave again, you can expect
punishment just like this."

Peter turned to Susan, who had been standing watching the whole time. Yes,
the Carolson family was in for some big changes!




71 The Consultant

The woman's voice was enthralling. I pictured her in my mind as about 25,
5'2," short curly blond hair, college preppy look. I pressed the phone a little
more tightly to my ear as I listened.

"Hi, my name is Elaine and my husband Ron and I are looking for
something special. We've been fooling around with B&D, domination and
submission games and we'd like to go a little farther, well... maybe a lot
farther. The problem is that we're not sure what else to try and we're
looking for a coach to help us out.

"Let me tell you a bit about us. I'm 24, 5'4" with short sandy blond hair (ah
ha! I was right!). I weigh in at 115lbs and my measurements are 34B, 24, 34.
I love being submissive. Ron is 28, 6', 180lbs with short dark hair and a
great physique. He's definitely straight.

"What we're looking for is a dominant man who must have extensive
experience that we can meet. You might just coach from the sidelines or, if
you and Ron agree, you might also help him dominate me.

"Our box number is 9941 and we'll be waiting for your message."

I was captivated. The sound of her voice left me with visual images of her
experiencing the many notions I could immediately come up with. I had
never actually coached a couple in domination-submission games although I
have a number of opportunities to introduce young ladies to the joys of
submission. I pressed the reply button and left a message for Ron and Elaine
with a short description of myself and my phone number.

It was another 24 hours before I got a phone call. It was Elaine.

"Um, hi. Is this Chris?" It was her and her voice was soft, nervous.

"Yes, and this must be Elaine."

"Yeah. Hi. I'm on the phone with Ron too."

"Hi Ron."

"Hi."

"Um.. Well, maybe you could tell us something about yourself," said Elaine.
Her voice was trembling slightly.

"I'd be happy to." I talked for a few minutes and let Elaine and Ron know
some of my experiences. I talked them through a couple of scenes I'd done
and I could tell by Elaine's breathing and Ron's excited questions that it was
turning them on. Finding out that I'd written the Master Chris collection was
the clincher.

They were big fans of the entire series and were suddenly very anxious to
meet me in person.

We scheduled a dinner a few days later, neutral territory where we could
size each other up. Elaine was exactly what she said she was and her looks
were delectable. She was wearing a white silk dress with thin straps and a
deep plunging back. It was clear from the clinging shape and from the
obviously erect nipples that she was braless. Her nipples looked like my
favourite kind. Long and thick. They were very prominent under the silk.
The presence of panties were less clear. Elaine was obviously nervous and
hung onto Ron like a lifeline.

I had chosen a local Japanese restaurant where we could get our own room
and some privacy. The room was enclosed on all sides by rice-paper walls
and when we weren't being served the door was closed leaving the three of
us alone. It was a delightful couple of hours of discussing what the two of
them had tried and what they had fantasized about. The reading of my
stories and other had given them many ideas but they hadn't had the nerve to
try most of them. The extent of their experience so far was reserved to a few
over the knee spankings, a little light bondage with a blindfold and lots of
teasing. Mostly this seemed to be because of Ron's inexperience and his
hesitancy of rushing Elaine into too much.

By the end of the dinner, it was quite clear that we were all ready to play.
The double entendre of the conversation was thick and the temperature
seemed to have risen a few degrees. The question of whether we should play
now or later was handled by a look between Elaine and Ron.

Ron turned to me. "Chris, do you think you'd like to come back to our
place? I know Elaine is hot to play and I'm sure in the mood too. We're
pretty sure we're all compatible enough that it this will work out great."

I smiled at them. "And is Elaine ready to be a good little girl?" I asked with
a raised eyebrow.

Elaine blushed. She knew that the game had begun. "Yes, Sir." she said
meekly.

"I think Master Chris will need better assurances than that Elaine." said Ron
in a firm voice. "Stand up."

Elaine's eyes widened as she took to her feet.

"Face Master Chris Elaine."

Elaine turned to face me directly. Her nipples were clearly engorged and her
face flushed. I could see her hands twisting at her sides as though she
wanted to pull them up to cover herself but was forcing herself not to.

I looked over at Ron. "Um, Master Chris, what would you like Elaine to
do?"

Ron was clearly unsure what he could ask of his pretty wife.

"Elaine," I asked, "Are you ready to be obedient?"

"Yes," she whispered.

"Good, then lift your dress to your waist."

Elaine's head shot up. "Umm, but, but I don't um... "

I simply raised my eyebrows and said nothing.

The pretty blond clenched her eyes shut and reached for the short hem of her
dress. Rising slowly, Elaine pulled the hem with her until a short pull lifted
it to her waist and exposed what I had expected all night. Beneath her dress
was just Elaine herself. Her curly blond muff was trimmed to a nice tight
shape and didn't complete conceal her puffy pussy lips. The flash was
momentary as Elaine quickly dropped the hem of her dress to cover herself.

"Elaine." I said quietly.

"Yes, Sir?"

"Did I tell you to lower your dress?"

Elaine swallowed and reached back down for her hem. I had her hold it for a
moment or two more before letting her cover herself.

"Yes, I think you'll do nicely."

I followed Ron and Elaine's car back to their suburban home. It was a ranch
style house with a large back yard. Once inside, Ron led us to the living
room and I sat myself down on the sofa. Ron sat too seemingly satisfied to
let me take the lead in dominating his wife. Elaine stood uncertainly in the
living room. She looked around wondering, it seemed, if she should sit or
not.

"Elaine." I said quietly.

"Yes?" Her voice was no more than a whisper and I smiled at the tremor of
nervousness in it.

"That's, Yes Sir."

"Yes Sir."

"Remove your dress and shoes."

Elaine let out a sigh as though relieved to be given something to do. Her
breathing gave me a good indication that she was very aroused. Given that
her dress was her only garment, it was only a moment before she was
completely nude in front of us.

"Hands clasped behind your head please."

Elaine followed my direction and her arms with her elbows well back lifted
her breasts to a delightful curve. The nipples were a dark brown and, as they
had been all night, were crinkled tight and hard. Just as I had suspected,
Elaine's nipples were larger than most. Both thick and long, they begged to
be teased and pulled. I had some interesting notions of how I would do both.

Without being asked, Elaine spread her feet about two feet apart leaving
herself wide open for inspection. I rose from the couch and circled her
slowly. Her bottom was round and firm and I stroked it gently. Elaine took a
deep breath as I did so, feeling my hands for the first time on her body. I
leaned over from behind until my mouth was buried in her sweet smelling
hair right at her ear.

"I'm going to enjoy making this pretty bottom very hot." I whispered,
"Would you like that."

"Oh God, yes." she breathed.

Coming around in front of her I let my hands stroke up her side until it was
resting on her neck. I avoided her nipples for a moment. I cupped her chin
with my hand. "Open your mouth."

Elaine's eyes widened at my simple request but she did as she was asked.
My thumb was resting on her chin and I gently pulled downwards, urging
her mouth wide open.

"Now stick your tongue out."

Elaine did so.

"Further."

The tip of her pretty tongue was now curling out as far as she could stick it.

I stepped back for a moment, letting her wonder what would happen. With
her tongue stuck out like this she couldn't speak, couldn't ask what might
happen to her. I stepped back and let my thumb run over just the tip of her
tongue. Elaine tried licking it, tried pushing her head forward in an attempt
to suck my thumb into her. I let her lick with just the tip of her tongue for a
moment then gently slid my thumb into her mouth, letting her suck. She
moaned deeply at the sensation, rolling her tongue all over my thumb as it
explored her mouth.

Elaine's eyes closed for a moment as she savored the sensation and let me
know with her actions how well she would suck other parts of me.

I pulled my thumb from her mouth and brought it to her erect left nipple. I
rolled the wet digit over the tight brown button and felt it get even harder.

With my thumb and forefinger I squeezed the nipple and then pulled it
upwards.

Elaine again moaned at the sensation.

"And are you wet little girl?" I asked quietly. We both knew the answer but
my hand reached down her flat belly to find out. Elaine was soaked. I dipped
two fingers deep into her pussy and she rose up on her toes and gasped. I
knew I could make her come right there in a heartbeat if I kept this up and I
had no intention of doing so too fast. Pulling my fingers from her I held
them to her face to be licked clean. Elaine's tongue did not hesitate as she
sucked her own juices from my fingers.

"I'll be giving you a complete examination Elaine."

"I understand Sir."

"However," I said as my fingers slid back down her belly, "This extraneous
hair will just get in the way. I want you to go to the bathroom and remove all
of it.

I want this pussy as smooth as when you were a little girl and then I want to
see you waiting for your inspection in the bedroom. You'll wait on the bed
on all fours with your ankles just over the edge of the bed. I want you facing
away from the bedroom door, which you're to leave open. When you get to
the bedroom you'll find a blindfold on the bed. Put that on and then rest
your head down on the bed and spread your knees wide apart. I expect you
to be holding your buttocks wide open for your inspection. Do you
understand all of your instructions?"

"Yes Sir" said Elaine excitedly.

"Then get going." I gave her bottom a light smack to send her on her way
then sat down with Ron. Elaine's husband was more than excited. He was
beside himself. We discussed my plans for the next hour or so and then he
went off to prepare some toys and make sure Elaine's blindfold was ready.

I heard the sound of Elaine moving from the bathroom to the bedroom and
waited about five minutes before following her. Ron was already waiting in
the bedroom in an easy chair in the corner. He had seen his naked and now
shaved wife enter and get into position. I knew that Elaine would be able to
hear my footsteps and that she'd be excited when I entered.

The sight that greeted me was, as always, breathtaking. The pretty blond was
in exactly the position I requested. From behind I could see her spread open
buttocks and the tight brown crinkled opening of her anus. Below the shaved
puffy lips of her pussy were already glistening from her juices. I walked all
around to examine the view. In this bent over position, Elaine's breasts hung
down below her body and her hard nipples were touching the bedspread. I'd
be touching them momentarily. Her blindfold ensured that she couldn't see
and I knew that her other senses would all be heightened as a result.

Her breathing was shallow as though she was trying so hard to hear that she
didn't want to be disturbed even by the sound of her own breathing. I
reached into my pocket for the nipple clips I had waiting. These clips were
really my favorite and perfect for overlarge nipples. The squeeze clips were
adjustable and I preferred them to squeeze firmly but not cause real pain. I
also wanted them to stay on for a while. I had already attached long strings
to each of them.

Reaching under the pretty girl, I grasped her right nipple. Elaine gasped at
this first attention. The nipple was already hard but I pulled it out even
further to attach the clip. The second clip was equally easy. Once the nipple
clips were attached, I used the strings to tied the nipples to Elaine's knees
which, in this position, were very close. Now every movement would cause
the nipples to be pulled and further stimulated. I expected that in the next
few minutes, I would have her squirming from other sensations.

Elaine's breathing was deeper now as the nipple clips stimulated her body. I
leaned down again to her ear. "Are you ready for your examination little
girl?"

"Oh yes Sir." she said.

The sound of the rubber glove being pulled over my hand and the snap of it
was unmistakable and I smiled as I heard Elaine whisper "Oh God" to
herself.

Coating my finger with Vaseline, I brought the tip to the entrance to Elaine's
tight anus. My conversations with the young couple earlier had revealed that
Elaine had been touched her only rarely and, although it excited her to think
about, had never had anal sex.

My finger circled the crinkled opening in minute circles and Elaine's body
responded. I saw her start to move her buttocks back toward me only to find
her nipples being pulled out by the clips. With a little moan of frustration
she tried to stop moving. I teased her for another few moments then dipped
the tip of my finger inside.

Elaine's anus was tight and her anal muscles were clenching and grabbing at
just the tip of my finger involuntarily. It was as though her body couldn't
make up its mind if it wanted my finger in her or out of her. Of course, I
would be making that decision and after letting get used to the tip of my
twisting finger, I slowly pushed it home until it was buried deep in her body.
Now I pulled it out all the way then slowly plunged it back in all the way.
Elaine's moans were loud now and her buttocks pushed back on my finger.
Of course the strings attached to her thighs and the clips they were tied to
pulled her nipples and her breasts downward but this served only to arch her
back more and splay her bottom even wider for me.

I took my time lubricating Elaine, enjoying the sensations and the power of
knowing that I was causing her all these feelings. I could feel her quivering
and I finally pulled my finger from her before she could come. Elaine's
moans were just short whimpers now. I left her for a moment and took the
rectal plug I had waiting. The plug was a simple one and not too large.
Starting at a narrow tip, the white plastic got wider and wider until its
diameter was almost an inch before rapidly narrowing to a 1/2 inch neck. The
"T" base ensured that we wouldn't lose the device deep in Elaine's rectum.

I touched the tip of the plug to the well-lubricated anus and watched as
Elaine tried to push herself back on it. I was happy to oblige. In short teasing
motions, I urged the tip of the plug into her and held it there for a moment so
she could get used to it. Once she had stopped squirming, I firmly pushed
the plug forward. A couple of back and forth motions ensured that the young
girl wouldn't feel forced and a moment later the widest part of the plug past
her sphincter and was pulled deep into her by her own muscles as they tried
to close down on the narrow neck of the device. Elaine was whimpering
again as the largest object ever inserted in her bottom held her open. I tapped
the end of the plug with my forefinger knowing that the light sensations
were transmitted directly to the end of the plug buried deep in her body. The
reward was an instant groan of arousal from the widely splayed girl.

With her bottom plugged and her nipples clipped, I now reached lower to
tease the newly shaved pussy. The smooth lips were swollen with
excitement and the spread open position had them yawning open to show me
the soaking pink inner lips. Elaine's juices covered most of both the inner
and outer lips and I could see they had already started to trickle down her
thigh. I slid my thumb deep into her wet opening with a smooth motion,
leaving my fingers in front of her to find her clit. Finding it wasn't hard as
the erect little button was so hard it was sticking out from its tiny folds. I
teased Elaine's pussy only for a moment more as she was closer than ever to
having an orgasm.

Reaching around her, I untied the strings from her thighs and helped her to
stand. With her feet apart and hands back behind her head she made for a
beautiful sight. I removed the blindfold to see her eyes. They were wide with
excitement and the pupils fully dilated. I knew from experience that the
excitement of such a scene could be just as intoxicating as drugs.

"Are you ready for your spanking young lady?" I asked her.

Elaine nodded her head. The clips and their cords were still hanging from
her fat nipples and I grabbed the strings to lead her over my lap as I sat
down in the straight back chair in the room. Elaine shuffled behind me
learning as she walked about the sensations of a rectal plug while moving.

I took my time positioning her over my lap and started gently stroking her
smooth white bottom. The end of the rectal plug sticking out only made it
more erotic. I had Elaine spread her legs as Ron's position was directly
behind her.

With her legs spread, he could see right up to her wet pussy.

I started the spanking slowly with my hand, giving out lightly stinging
smacks all over her buttocks until they were a light pink. Elaine was
breathing hard again, lost in her own thoughts about the sensations and
experience she was living.

I paused for a moment to grab the hairbrush I had placed on the bureau. The
brush had a wide, flat back with a nice sized handle. I rubbed first the
smooth side over Elaine's pink buttocks. She was squirming with the
sensations of the smooth cool brush against her warm bottom. With the flat
of the brush, I tapped the end of the rectal plug still sticking up from
between Elaine's round buttocks. The shock wave transmitted along the
plastic device caused an instant reaction. Elaine gasped loudly and squirmed
as she lay over my thighs. Raising the hairbrush, I began spanking the young
woman with short sharp smacks. The flat cracking sound of the hairbrush
resounded through the room as Elaine's bottom went from pink to an all-
over light red. After a few smacks, I stopped to give her breathing a chance
to catch up. Turning the brush over, I casually rubbed the bristles over the
already sensitized skin of Elaine's bottom. The pretty buttocks clenched
involuntarily as the bristles rubbed gently over them.

This clenching caused her to squeezed down on the plug which kept it
continually stimulating her rectum.

I brought the brush lower and gently ran the bristles up the inside of each
thigh. I was rewarded by seeing Elaine's toes curling at the sensations.

A few smacks later and I let Elaine get up. Her bottom was red and hot to
the touch. Her pussy, not surprisingly, was even weter than before. Taking
the strings of the nipple clips, I led Elaine over to the corner of the room.
"Nose in the corner, young lady."

Elaine shuffled forward until her nose was pressed into the corner of the
room and her bottom, with the inserted anal plug sticking out on display to
the room.

I tapped her thighs to urge them apart then took Ron out of the room for a
few moments to prepare the last part of our scene.

We gave Elaine about 5 minutes of waiting in the corner and I was not
disappointed to find that she was again more turned on when we returned. I
had been keeping her on the edge of an orgasm for ages now and I knew that
it was coming close to the time that I would have to let her come or find her
getting frustrated and less turned on. I entered the room quietly and moved
behind the pretty girl. I have always loved the sight of a girl in the corner
and this was no exception. I reached forward with one finger and just pushed
at the end of the rectal plug.

"Ohhh!" gasped Elaine. She had not heard me coming.

"Do you like this plug in your pretty little bottom Elaine?" I asked.

"Yes Sir" she whispered. It was as though she was embarrassed to admit it.

"I've arranged with Ron to make sure your bottom is filled with something
else tonight. Do you think you're ready to lose your anal virginity?"

"Oh my God, I never thought I could but I am so ready." she replied.

I chuckled at her response. He'll be saving that for a little later but I think
you're ready too. First, you're going to come for me. Do you think you're
ready?" I reached between Elaine's legs and slid my hand along her soaking
slit as I asked.

Elaine gasped and rose up on her toes. "Oh please. I've been so ready for
ages.

I've never, ever been this hot."

I pulled the blindfold back over her eyes and turned her around. Leading her
by her nipple leashes, I led her back to the bed and put her on her back. With
the rope that Ron had strategically placed earlier it only took a few moments
to tie her hands to the headboard. I then tied ropes to her upper thighs and
others around her knees and ankles. These ropes served to pull her knees up
and wide, wide apart. Even in the doctor's office Elaine had never been this
exposed. The strings attached to the nipple clips were just long enough to tie
to the picture hook above the headboard and the result kept Elaine's nipples
and the tips of her breasts tugged upward.

Elaine's breathing was ragged now. I knew from our earlier interview that
being tied and helpless was an integral part of her fantasy and now she was
living it.

I turned on the vibrator and rubbed it along her chin, down her side and
touched her all over with it. Holding it against one of the nipple clips caused
her to gasp out loud. I ran the vibrator down her thighs, carefully avoiding
her erect and glistening clit as I was sure that two seconds of the vibrator
there would be enough to send her over the edge. Turning off the vibrator, I
reached down between her outstretched legs for what I knew she couldn't
expect. The rectal plug in her bottom all this time was quite capable of
vibrating too and now I turned it on. The sensations started deep in Elaine's
over stimulated young body.

I motioned to Ron and he quickly knelt down between his wife's legs to
fasten his mouth to her clit.

I moved upwards to Elaine's face and pulled the blindfold from her. Elaine's
eyes were squeezed shut and her moans were now loud and continuous. Her
head was thrashing now from side to side as the multiple sensations accosted
her.

"Open your eyes Elaine." I told her.

Eleaine's eyes flew open. The pupils were dilated and she had a wild look.

"Look at me." I said, "I want you to look right at me as you come for me."

"Oh God, Oh God, Oh..." said Elaine as she squirmed. She was not able to
hold out for long. Within a minute the orgasm seemed to take control of her
body. Her cries and her struggles with the ropes only seemed to intensify the
sensations as Elaine came once and then again and then a third time as her
husband teased the plug with his fingers and her smoothly pussy and clit
with his tongue.

It was an hour or so later that I left Elaine and Ron. I knew I'd see them
again. They had opened a door into a part of their lives that could never be
closed again.




72 First Visit to the Gynecologist

This afternoon had been in the planning stages for months. Now the day was
finally at hand. It was really quite a unique opportunity. I was sitting behind
a regular reception desk wearing a shirt, slacks and a white lab coat. I looked
every bit the part of a doctor's assistant and that was exactly the part I was to
play. My friend and co-conspirator, Roger, a gynecologist, was in his office
only a few feet away. The waiting room was empty. There were only two
people expected today and only one patient.

Roger had known that this day would come for a number of years but my
invitation was much more recent. Roger had long been a fan of the Master
Chris stories and had noted my own interest in the submissive nature of a
gynecological exam. We had made contact a couple of years before and had
become instant friends.

Although we lived in different parts of the country, Roger and I often found
the time to talk, making sure we kept up on each other's exploits. I told him
that I envied him his profession but he was quick to set me straight about
that. In 99.9% of the visit, he assured me, I'd have really no interest in being
there.

Still, he said, every once in a while there is a visit that makes it interesting.

Roger also described to me the group he and his wife Jane had been a part of
for almost ten years. There were currently four couples involved and they
had regular parties once per month. The ages ranged from the late 20's to
early 40's. All four women were very submissive and the men dominant.
During the parties, explained Roger, the women might be instructed to
perform for the group or they might switch submissives for the evening,
giving each woman the chance to be dominated by someone new.

Roger had described one of the women to me in detail a couple of months
ago.

Wendy was 38 but looked ten years younger. She had been submissive most
of her adult life to her husband Robert and had known Roger and Jane since
before their marriage eighteen years before. She was apparently a petite
blond not unlike Meg Ryan, Roger assured me. She kept her figure through
the birth of two daughters, one now fourteen and one just turning seventeen.
It was Sally, the seventeen year-old, that had me hop a plane half-way across
the country. Roger was the gynecologist of three of the four women who
were part of their group and their annual exams were part of the .1% of
exams that he found "interesting." Wendy had discussed Sally's impending
exam with Roger as it would be the first full gynecological exam she had
ever had.

Roger had shared that discussion with me. Wendy had been concerned about
what would be done to Sally during her exam. Wendy's own examinations
while thorough, contained an extensive erotic element. Wendy knew that
Sally was due for an exam. She also knew that Sally's own submissive
nature was starting to express itself. She described Sally's obvious arousal
during spankings and afterwards during corner time and an incident when
she found Sally masturbating blindfolded. She very much wanted to give her
to Roger. Still, an aura of decorum would have to be maintained.

After conferring with Wendy and Robert, Roger had also gotten permission
for me to assist. A rare and sweet opportunity that I would not have missed
for the world. In the last seven weeks we had scripted the exam between the
three of us and now here we were. Wendy and Sally were expected any
minute and I knew I could hardly wait.

The door opened at exactly 4:30. They were right on time. The two of them
were very pretty and the family resemblance was obvious. Wendy was about
5'5" with short curly blond hair and a freckled nose and cheeks. I guess her
weight at about 110lbs with about a 34B-24-34, aerobics instructor body.
She was wearing a floral print sundress and high-heeled sandals. Roger's
comparison of Meg Ryan was not at all unfair. Sally was the junior version.
Same freckled nose and cheeks, blond hair up high in a pony tail. She was
also in a sundress, this one yellow. It was short enough to show off long
tanned coltish legs and tight enough to show every erect nipples. From fear?
excitement? arousal? She did look a little nervous.

Wendy approached me at the desk. "Hi. Sally here has an appointment with
Dr. Bentsen."

I flashed my warmest smile, "Hi Mrs. Keal. Hello Sally. Yes, I see your
appointment here for 4:30. I'll let Dr. Bentsen know that you're here."

Roger's eyes were twinkling with excitement. "Ok. Show Wendy in first."

"Great" I said.

A moment later, I was back in the waiting room. "Mrs. Keal, Dr. Bentsen
would like to see you in his office first."

"You wait right here Sally. I'm sure it won't be long," said her mother.

I led Wendy down the corridor to Roger's office and held the door to let her
pass inside. I followed her and shut the door behind me. Roger had assured
me that this office was completely soundproofed.

"Hi Roger." said Wendy smiling.

"Hi yourself." he said, "Excited?"

"Whew! And how! I feeling a little guilty for being so turned on at my
daughter getting examined but I can't help it."

"As you've no doubt guessed, that person behind you is Chris."

"Hi." she smiled at me.

"Hello again." I said.

Roger smiled at Wendy. "Did you prepare yourself as I instructed?"

Wendy's face blushed a deep red as she stole a glance in my direction. "Yes,
Sir." she whispered.

"Good." said Roger, "Let' s make sure. Remove your dress and stand in
position."

Wendy gulped and looked again at me hesitatingly. Having to strip in front
of a newly-met man is unnerving, as her daughter was about to discover.
Wendy closed her eyes for a moment then reached down and grasped the
hem of her dress. I one movement she peeled it up, over her head and off
leaving her naked but for her heels. These were off a moment later and
Wendy spread her feet almost three feet apart before clasping her hands
behind her head.

The tanned back, buttocks and legs were perfect from my rear perspective.
Wendy had kept herself in shape. Between her tight buttocks peeked the end
of a rectal plug as per Roger's instructions.

Roger motioned me over to enjoy the frontal view. With Wendy's hands
behind her head, her breasts were pulled up leaving gently curving mounds
with no sag. As Roger had described, Wendy's nipples were a dark brown
and right now were very hard. Although the areolae were not very wide, the
nipples themselves were quite long and quite thick. With the pencil in my
hand, I flicked each of them a couple of times. "We'll have to see if Sally's
get this long won't we?" Wendy moaned in reply.

Moving further to the front I could see Wendy's smooth mound. All the
women in Roger's group kept themselves completely devoid of pubic hair.
Wendy's lips were puffy and protuberant and I could see the glistening
sheen of her juices on them. I let my fingers trail across her bare pubis as I
walked around her, "I wonder if we'll have to shave Sally's today?" I
murmured. Wendy groaned aloud at the thought.

I completed my tour behind the pretty blond where my fingers found the end
of the rectal plug. "Would you like to tease one of these into your daughter's
bottom?" I whispered.

"Oh God yes!" she said.

Roger chuckled. "Speaking of which, we'd better get started. Chris, this is
your cue. We'll be enjoying Sally's preparation from behind the one-way
mirror."

I turned and left Roger's office and headed back to the waiting room.

"Sally, would you follow me please?" It was my best bedside voice.

Sally obediently followed me down the corridor and into an examining
room.

"Sally, Dr. Bentsen is going to be with you in just a few moments. I'm going
to take care of the basics before he does. Please take our shoes, clothes and
any underwear off here and I'll be right back. Ok?"

Sally gulped nervously but nodded her head. I left the room and the door
perhaps an inch ajar. A moment later I was in the next room with Roger and
Wendy looking through a one-way mirror. Sally did look quite nervous. She
removed first her shoes and then hesitated a long minute or so before
reaching down to peel off her sundress.

This left her in just a pair of high-cut floral print panties. Sally put her
fingers into the waistband and started to pull them off. Her bare buttocks
came into view. Then, seeming to think the better of it, she pulled them back
up and looked around as though for some other covering. There was, of
course, none.

Sally's bare breasts came into view as she turned. The nipples were pink and
perhaps a little smaller than her mother's but they were definitely thick and
definitely long and, like her mother's definitely hard.

Sally perched herself on the table to await her fate and that was my cue to
get back to work. My eyebrows raised as I walked in the room and looked
pointedly at Sally's panties.

"Now Sally," I said in my most paternal voice "I hope you're going to be a
good girl for me."

Sally's freckled face reddened as she blushed.

"Take those panties off please. I did say all of your clothes."

"Yes, Sir." said the young girl softly and hopped off the table to remove her
last line of defense.

The blond pubis was lightly covered. I could clearly see Sally's puffy lips
through the light down before one hand dropped to cover up.

"Ok. You can sit up on the table for a minute. I've got most of your medical
history already from your mom but I have a few more specific questions
you'll need to answer for Dr Bentsen." I pulled out an officious looking
clipboard.

"Now then, when did you start menstruating?"

Sally blushed again as she realized how personal these questions were. She
had no idea. "Thirteen."

"And when did your last period start?"

"Two weeks ago yesterday."

"Ok. Are you sexually active?"

"What?! No." Sally's eyes were wide.

"Sally, you'll need to answer all these questions truthfully for Dr. Bentsen.

"Have you ever had intercourse?"

Sally shook her head.

"Have you had boyfriends?"

"Yes." she said.

"And what did you do with them? Have you let them touch you?"

Sally blushed again as she nodded.

"On your breasts?"

Another nod.

"Your pubic area?"

Again a nod.

"Have they touched you inside your vagina?"

Sally hesitated a long moment before nodding again.

"And have they touched your anal region?"

Sally's eyes opened wide and her head shot up. "No way!"

"Ok fine." I said, "Now then, how often do you masturbate?"

"Uhhh, no. No, I don't do that," said Sally.

"Now Sally, of course you do. All girls of your age do. I'd just like to know
how often. Several times a day, once a day, once a week?"

"A couple of times a week I guess." said Sally in a low voice.

"Good. Thank you. And what objects have you inserted into you while
masturbating?"

Sally started to protest again but one look at my face stopped her cold.

"Not much, my hairbrush, a candle and a carrot."

"Have your ever inserted anything into your bottom?"

Sally shook her head. Her blush had now expanded down her chest almost to
her erect nipples.

"That'll do it. I'll be giving these answers to Dr. Bentsen. Now let's take
care of your height, weight, blood pressure and so on. Hop off that table and
come over to the scale."

Sally's hands naturally moved to cover herself. One across her breasts, the
other over her pubis. I took her weight and carefully noted it on my
clipboard.

"Ok. Now turn around to face me with your feet together and hands by your
side.

Stand tall."

Sally blushed yet again as she uncovered herself before me. I took note of
her height and then directed her back to the table where, in a few moments, I
had measured her blood pressure.

"Ok. Now lie on the table on your tummy please."

Sally, now used to following my instructions, rolled onto her tummy on the
paper-covered table.

"Good. Up on hands and knees now. That's fine. Now cross your arms and
rest your head down on your hands. Very good."

Sally was now in a classic head-down, tail-up position. I grasped one of her
calves and gently urged it outwards leaving her knees about eight inches
apart.

Sally was looking at me as I moved now slowly around the room. In this
exposing, submissive position she was completely open. I moved to one of
the cabinets and slowly, deliberately pulled on rubber gloves. As I snapped
the end of the glove over my wrist, I saw Sally blink.

Now from another cabinet I pulled a rectal thermometer and a tube of
lubricating KY jelly. Sally's eyes went wide as I moved from the cabinet
back to the examining table. I took the thermometer and covered it with the
lubricant. Now I rested the palm of my left hand on the smooth white
buttocks. My forefinger and thumb were resting gently down the slightly
spread crack of Sally's bottom.

Pressing down, then firmly outward, I spread the cheeks wide apart. Sally's
dark brown crinkled anus was now fully exposed to me. I held her there a
long moment.

I could feel her tremble slightly beneath my palm. The next touch Sally felt
was cold, right at the center of her virgin anus. I teased the cool metal tip of
the thermometer covered in the slippery jelly at the entrance to the anus then
slid it deep into her rectum in one long motion. Once three-quarters of it was
fully inside her I twirled it between my fingers for a moment eliciting a soft
squeal from the teen before releasing the buttocks. I jiggled the thermometer
once or twice before telling Sally to stay still until I instructed her otherwise.

I walked back to the cabinet and removed my gloves. The KY was now
conveniently placed where Roger would be using it shortly. I moved back to
the table a couple of times to tease the tip of the thermometer. The trembles
and shivers in Sally's hindquarters were well worth the effort. After about
two minutes of having to wait in this humiliating position, it was almost
time for the thermometer to come out. I could see from behind her that the
rectal teasing was causing another welcome effect. Sally's sparsely covered
pussy lips were now puffy and spread out like the petals of a flower. Her
internal moisture was clearly visible from behind.

The door behind me opened, and Roger walked in right on schedule. Sally's
eyes flew open at the intrusion. Now two strange men were looking at her
naked body in this terribly exposing position! Sally had never felt this
exposed.

"Hello Sally, I'm Dr. Bentsen." said Roger, "You look like Chris is just
about done with you."

"Just about Doctor." I said, "We're just finishing off with Sally's
temperature."

"Good." said Roger.

I teased the thermometer for the last time and pulled it slowly from her
rectum in a twirling motion. Without further instruction, Sally stayed
motionless in her tail-up position as I completed the notations on the
clipboard and Roger made a show of reading it.

"Ok. Thanks Chris." he said and I made my exit.

Roger moved over to Sally and softly smacked her left buttock. "Up you get
Sally. Sit down on the table and we'll get this exam over with."

I made my way into Roger's office. Wendy was at the one-way mirror still
naked.

The rectal plug was still visible between her buttocks, which were now a hot
pink in color. She had obviously just spent a little time over Roger's knee.

Wendy looked over her shoulder at me as I walked in. "That was very hot!"
she said smiling, "I came twice while you took her temperature."

I smiled back, "Glad you enjoyed it."

We turned together to see the view of Roger and Sally together. Roger was
taking his time to carefully examine Sally's breasts. First with her hands
down then with her hands clasped behind her head, Roger pressed and
squeezed each part of her firm mounds. Through the speaker we heard him
instructing her on how to do a breast self-examination and made the red-
faced teen practice it on herself while he watched. Roger took a little extra
time with Sally's nipples, rolling them and tugging on them until they had
extended to the longest extent possible.

Sally was squirming with embarrassment by the time he was done.

"All right Sally, now I'd like you to scoot all the way down the table here to
the end. Good. Now lie back and put your hands by your sides. Great."

Roger pulled out the stirrups and adjusted them wide apart. Taking each of
Sally's ankles he placed her feet firmly in the stirrups. The final position left
Sally fully spread out and exposed. Roger now dropped the bottom part of
the table to leave Sally's buttocks in mid-air. He now had complete access to
all of Sally. From our vantage point so could we. Between Sally's knees we
could see her smoothly rounded breasts punctuated by her rock-hard nipples
pointing towards the ceiling. Her pussy lips were now naturally spread open
and her state of arousal was evident in both the nipples and the copious
amounts of juice visible on her pink inner lips.

 From where we were looking even Sally's anus was fully exposed as the
position she was in left her buttocks pulled wide apart also. The glistening
view of KY jelly was still visible at the center of her crinkled opening.

Roger sat down between Sally's splayed thighs leaving him only a few short
inches from her spread-open charms and pulled on a pair of latex gloves.
First he spread her outer lips wide apart and touched all along them. The
hood of Sally's young clitoris was next and Roger teased it back and forth
before pulling it all the way back to fully expose her clit. Sally moaned
involuntarily and squirmed under the touch.

"Sensitive?" asked Roger.

"Uh huh." said the helpless teen.

"That's your clitoris Sally. And this is the covering for it. When it is
stimulated or when you are aroused it will often get hard and very sensitive.

It's quite normal for it to get erect like this here during an exam. Continuing
to manipulate it will usually cause a woman to have an orgasm. Now, have
you been stimulating your clitoris when you masturbate?"

Sally nodded her head.

"Do you only rub it or have you stimulated it in other ways."

"Just rubbing."

"Ok fine, and have you let boys rub you here also?"

Sally nodded again.

"Hmmm." said Roger, "and do they do that directly or through your
clothes?"

"Both, I guess." answered Sally.

Roger had continued to hold his thumb over Sally's clit during his questions
and Sally was now squirming at the sensations he was causing. With a final
tweak, Roger let go of the hood of Sally clitoris and let it slide over the
engorged button.

Moving a little lower now, Roger spread Sally's inner pussy lips wide open
with his fingers. Once he had teased them back and forth he let them go and
rested his left hand over the pubis. By no coincidence his thumb was again
resting directly over her clit. With his right hand, roger now eased the tip of
his forefinger into Sally's pussy Sally gasped at the sensation. With several
in and out twisting movements, Roger eased his finger fully into the teenage
pussy.

In front of me Wendy was easing two fingers into her own. With a short cry,
Wendy brought herself to her third orgasm of the afternoon. The two of us
were spellbound at the sight of Sally's examination.

Roger now eased his finger out and added a second. Both fingers now
slowly disappeared into Sally's body as Roger's left thumb gently teased
Sally's clit.

We could see Sally roll her hips at the penetration as her body tried to pussy
itself onto the probing fingers.

"Just relax Sally." said Roger whose combination of in and out and clitoral
rubbing were allowing her to do anything but.

"But I feel so tingly down there." said Sally.

"It's possibly just arousal from the examination. As I told you, that's not at
all unusual for a girl's first exam."

Sally's squirming was now non-stop. We could see her stomach muscles
ripple as Roger brought her closer and closer to an orgasm. Roger pulled his
two fingers from Sally's pussy leaving her right on the edge of her climax.
Now he slid his left hand lower and used it to again open her lips wide apart.
Reaching over to the counter, Roger took a small speculum. Sally wasn't
even looking. He slid the tip of it in and out for a moment then firmly slid it
home. Sally gasped and lifted her hips almost off the table at the fullness of
the feeling now inside her.

Now Roger slowly twisted the speculum through ninety degrees until the
handle was downward. Sally was panting slightly at the sensation deep
inside her body.

"Ok. Let's open you up a bit so we can get a better look." said Roger as he
slowly spread the petals of the speculum and the interior of Sally's pussy at
the same time.

"Oh, Oh!" said Sally as Roger stretched her pussy lips and the whole of her
interior wide open.

Roger quickly took a Pap smear but left the speculum in as he continued the
exam. From our perspective, we could only imagine how much more
exposed Sally must now feel. Her feet up and wide open in the stirrups, even
the interior of her body now opened for display and her now completely
helpless to do anything but lie back and experience the different sensations.
Roger's left hand never left Sally's pubic mound and his constant
stimulation of her clitoral area kept the young girl squirming.

"Everything looks all right up here." said Roger, "Let's check a little lower."

Roger's finger now moved downward toward Sally's tight anus.

The lubrication of Sally's bottom, which I had started with the thermometer,
had been augmented by Sally's own juices, which had been trickling from
her pussy along her crack for about fifteen minutes. Roger's fingertip at the
entrance to her bottom had Sally squirm again.

"Oh!" she exclaimed as just the tip of Roger's lubricated finger slipped
inside.

There seemed to be no resistance as he buried the rest of finger slid deep
into her without complaint.

Wendy and I watched Sally's toes curl over the silver stirrups at the
sensation of being penetrated in her rectum. Roger twisted his finger back
and forth before pulling almost all the way out then pushing his finger
forward as deep as he could. The added stimulus was too much for Sally.
With a tiny cry her toes curled again and we watched her whole body tense
then release in a full-blown orgasm.

Wendy came yet again at the sight of her own daughter climaxing in front of
her.

Roger's hands gently pulled back as Sally calmed down.

"Chris." he called.

I entered a moment later. Sally, still flushed from her orgasm, blushed again
at this latest exposure.

"Chris, would you have Sally's mother come in please?"

I left to find Wendy.

In Roger's office, Wendy was just pulling her dress back over her head. She
walked into the examining room a moment later.

"Hi Mrs. Keal." said Roger.

Sally was now exposed in front of her mother, as she never had been before.
With the speculum still stretching her wide open, Wendy was now getting a
view even inside her daughter's pussy. Blushing had seemed to become
Sally's expression of the day and she seemed to blush even more as Wendy
took a good look.

"Sally is doing fine." said Roger. "I've just completed her exam. The only
problem she has seems to be some constipation. If you like, I can leave you
to take care of it at home or if you'd rather, I can give Sally an enema here
to clean her out."

Sally's eyes flew wide and she looked like she was about to comment but, of
course, no one was asking her opinion.

"If you think an enema is called for Doctor, please give one to her here.
Sally should be used to them. She's gotten them often enough at home."

"Mom!" cried Sally in embarrassment.

Roger was already lubricating the nozzle. Sally might have had
enemas at home but they were unlikely to be like the one she was about to
receive. A moment later, Sally felt the tip of the large nozzle at her now very
lubricated anus. With a gentle push, Roger slid the first bulb past Sally's
sphincter to settle well inside her rectum.

With a couple of squeezes, the bulb in Sally's bottom expanded to full size.

"Oh!" she cried again in surprise. She was now more than full with an object
embedded in her bottom that she had an involuntary urge to expel and the
still-open speculum stretching her pussy. There was no amount of pushing
that would allow her escape from the invading devices. Roger took this
opportunity to remove the speculum from her. Both Wendy and I watched as
he did so. Sally pussy stayed yawning open all on its own for a moment
before her supple muscles pulled it closed once again.

"Now, now." said Wendy as she patted Sally's belly. "Just relax and let the
doctor take care of you."

The nozzle was now quickly attached to the waiting bag and one click later,
warm water was slowly filling Sally's bottom. Sally announced that she was
full a couple of minutes later but Roger just smiled and let the balance of the
bag empty into her. Her smooth belly slowly swelled as the water filled it.

Now Roger detached the hose from the nozzle leaving the tube of the nozzle
and the end of the nozzle hanging down between Sally's legs.

"Chris" said Roger, "Would you please take Sally to the washroom?"

"Sure." I said.

The three of us helped Sally to her feet. The water from the enema now
clearly showed in how distended her belly was while standing. Sally was
panting with the heavy sensation of the enema held in by the inflated nozzle
deep in her rectum.

I took Sally by the elbow and led her out of the examining room across the
corridor into the bathroom. Any residue of modesty seemed to have left her
with the enema, as she didn't even complain about being brought into the
corridor completely naked with a tube hanging from her bottom. I had her
bend over at the toilet and deflated the nozzle. I gently pulled it from her
and let her plop down on the toilet to expel the enema.

"Go back into the examining room when you're ready." I said and left her a
few moments of privacy.

It took over five minutes before Sally dashed back naked across the corridor
to the exam room. I instructed her to get dressed and then took her into Dr.
Bentsen's office. Wendy was already there, sitting in one of the chairs. Sally
took the other.

"All right Sally." said Roger, "I'm giving you a clean bill of health.
Everything seems to be in working order and unless you need to see me
otherwise, I'll look forward to your regular exam next year."

I had no doubt that Roger would look forward to Sally next exam. I know I
sure would.




73 Sara in Jail in South America

Sara was in trouble, real trouble. Things had been going so well and she'd
been having such a good time. But now she found herself held in a small,
dank jail cell, 8 feet by 6 feet and worse, the jail cell was deep in the heart of
South America in a country where all she could do with the language was
limited at best.

The worst of it was, Sara had no idea why she was in this cell in the first
place or what she could do to get out.

Her ordeal had started almost 6 weeks earlier when upon graduation, Sara's
Dad had presented her with 2 tickets for a South American tour. It had
seemed romantic, exotic, even outrageous to tour around 4 different
countries for 4 weeks but Sara was very excited about it.

The second ticket was for Sara's boyfriend Paul. They had been practically
joined at the hip for the last two years of college so it was only fitting that
they take off together. Sara and Paul made a striking couple and everyone,
Sara's parents included, figured that they would marry soon. Paul was a
shade under 6 feet with an athletic build, blond hair and deep blue eyes. Sara
looked like an all-American cheerleader. She was about 5'5" with a trim
athletic build and high, tight uptitled breasts. With her red-hair and fair skin,
Sara's nipples were a very light pink in color and awfully thick when
excited. Her round bottom was perhaps her best feature and when she and
Paul had recently tried anal sex, Sara had marked it down as one of the
year's great discoveries.

The first 2 weeks of vacation were everything Sara expected and more. The
pressures of school behind her and the warm, Latin ambiance of the places
they were visiting made for very romantic days and hot and erotic nights as
the two twenty-one year-olds made their way around South America. Two
nights ago they had flown into this smaller country and the political
atmosphere here had seemed a little tenser. Sara had no idea how tense.

Their hotel was a small guesthouse right near the ocean. Sara and Paul had
enjoyed frolicking in the surf and shopping in the local bazaar the first day
and had been wandering through the small nation's capital yesterday.

In the wee hours of the morning, the glorious vacation had come to a
screeching halt. Sara and Paul had been rudely awakened at almost 2:00am
by several armed soldiers in their bedroom. They were physically pulled
right out of the bed and pushed against the wall amidst plenty of shouting.
Sara was mortified. As they had since coming down to this tropical climate,
both she and her boyfriend had been sleeping in the buff. Now she had been
pulled stark naked out of her bed in plain view of 4 or 5 leering soldiers.
When Paul had tried to resist he had gotten a rifle but in the kidneys for his
trouble.

Sara was given an embarrassing pat down that was clearly unnecessary
given her lack of clothes by the soldier that looked to be in charge. He
pushed Sara into the classic "spread-em" pose with her hands above her
pushing the wall, her feet wide apart and well back from the wall. Sara was
so shocked she didn't move as the man's rough hands slid down her arm and
across each breast slowly. Even her nipples were pinched before the hand
moved lower. Sara's embarrassment increased by an order of magnitude as a
hand teased up her spread thigh and then completely between her legs to rest
flat on her belly.

Several months before Sara had started using a depilatory to remove all her
pubic hair. It had started as a tease for Paul but he had gotten so turned on by
it that Sara had continued ever since. The soldier groping her grunted in
surprise as his hands slid down to encounter only a bare, smooth pubis. He
chuckled as his hands ran up and down enjoying the smooth lips.

Now the hands moved further back and Sara felt two hands lying flat on her
buttocks. With a slow but deliberate movement, the soldier spread her
cheeks wide, wide apart. Sara gasped then felt a tear of humiliation trickle
down her cheek as she felt a breath of wind wasp across her fully exposed
and spread open anus.

After getting a good feel, Sara had been relieved when the soldiers threw a
T-shirt and a skirt at her and a T-shirt and shorts at Paul. She hastened to
cover up. In her limited Spanish, she tried to reach for some panties but the
soldiers started pulling them out of the house altogether. Where were they
taking them and why Sara tried to ask but there were no answers
forthcoming. Sara tried telling them that they were both Americans and that
she demanded to see someone from the American embassy but to her horror
this elicited only laughs from the soldiers.

So now here she was, in a small dank cell with only a light T-shirt and a
skirt for covering. She hadn't even been allowed shoes. Sara had been given
no chance to call anyone, no chance to talk to Paul and no chance even to
talk to someone who could help them.

It had been perhaps a couple of hours of waiting, there was no way to tell
this deep in the building if it was even morning. Sara finally heard some
footsteps coming down the hall. She wasn't sure whether to feel excited or
terrified.

The footsteps turned out to be from two soldiers. They stopped at her cell
and opened the door. Sara jumped up and started asking for the American
embassy, for a phone, for Paul, for someone in charge, anything! The
soldiers ignored her as though she wasn't even there. Sara was pulled out of
the cell with a soldier on each arm. They moved down a long corridor and
around to a different part of what seemed like a dungeon to Sara.

One soldier opened a door into an almost empty room and pulled Sara in.
The second soldier closed the door behind them then took both of Sara's
arms and held them tight behind her. To Sara's horror, the other soldier now
pulled her T-shirt up and over her head baring her out-thrust breasts. The
soldier didn't even pause to molest her but reached down to pull her skirt
down to her ankles leaving her completely naked before them. The soldier's
eyes widened as he spotted Sara's smooth pubis and he laughed as he told
his friend behind her.

Things moved quickly now. The T-shirt was pulled off her arms and the two
soldiers quickly attached leather cuffs to Sara's wrists. The cuffs were not
uncomfortable but rather smooth. Sara had the impression that they had been
worn smooth by many wearings. Other cuffs were attached to her ankles and
a short cable between them would keep her from being able to kick out.

A cable now dropped from the ceiling and Sara's wrists were attached to it.
Now the soldiers stepped back and pulled the cable from the side of the
room dragging Sara's hands up above her head until only her toes and the
balls of her feet were resting on the ground.

The soldiers returned to just in front of Sara and she closed her eyes as one
reached out to grasp and then pull one of her wide nipples now tight and
crinkled with fear. Sara felt first one then another hand run over her bare
mons as the two soldiers laughed.

The hands left the young redhead and Sara opened her eyes to see them both
leave the room. My God, what had she gotten into now? she wondered. All
became quiet leaving Sara with her own thoughts. She looked around the
room and found not much to give her a clue about what she was in store for.
On the back of the door was some kind of strap, there was a small table to
one side where Sara's skirt and blouse now rested. Aside from that, there
was not much to occupy her eyes.

For perhaps 20 minutes, there was no sound but Sara's breathing She
realized now that her waiting was all very deliberate. Her own thoughts and
worries of the past 20 minutes had made her willing to do almost anything to
get out of her predicament. Sara had never felt so vulnerable, so exposed, so
helpless. If she hadn't been so scared of what might happen, she realized,
she might even have been turned on. There was certainly an exciting aspect
to being restrained this way. Oh, if only it could be Paul who came through
the door. Sara closed her eyes and imagined what he might do if he were to
walk in and find her this way; how he'd tease her and touch her, how he
might spank her bare and stretched bottom before sliding something into it
to turn her on further.

Suddenly Sara heard footsteps and her eyes flew open. Her idle thoughts had
been a diversion from her predicament and had even turned her on. The
sound of those footsteps though brought her right back to reality. It would
not be Paul who walked through that door. Sara realized to her horror that
the thoughts of the last few minutes had left her pussy wet and her nipples
erect and poking out. She felt squishy down there. Oh No! Could anyone
notice?

Only one person entered the room and it was obvious from his uniform and
from his demeanor that he was an officer or someone in charge. The sight
that greeted him had him smile. The pretty girl was stretched up long and
high. Her already upthrust breasts were pulled to her body to be tight
rounded curves highlighted by the large and now long nipples. Sara was
blushing furiously and her freckled face showed it well. The blush extended
lower though leaving a red flush to her upper chest and down the front slope
of her tight breasts.

The shaven pussy in this position was very predominant, leaving her middle
area where one would expect a triangle as a bare, smooth white area
highlighted even further by Sara's tan line of a French-cut, narrow bikini.
Her pussy had a high slit and the officer could immediately see the sheen of
Sara's juices on the engorged lips. His smile brightened. It was not unusual
to find a woman turned on by waiting this way. With this young, prime
female flesh being absolutely smooth it was even more obvious.

Sara was already talking a-mile-a-minute trying desperately to find out what
was happening to her and why. The officer ignored her. Sara watched wide-
eyed as he approached and took a silk scarf from his pocket. He moved
behind her and pulled the scarf down over her eyes and tied it tight behind
her head.

"Please, please tell me what I've done!" pleaded Sara, "Let me call my
embassy. I'm sure you've got the wrong person. Can't I just.."

The sound of the strap moving behind her reached Sara's ears an instant
before the loud smack of it hitting across both her buttocks filled the room.
The instantaneous searing heat seemed to travel forward at the speed of light
moving forward first into her lower belly then curving up her front to the
middle of her chest and finally to her throat and out her mouth as she cried
out in a momentary time-delayed response.

"Shush." said the officer into the now silent room. I will ask questions and
you will be silent except for your direct answers." The officer's English was
impeccable.

Sara's breath was ragged as her body tried to catch up with the heat in her
bottom.

"Now then." said the officer "You will tell me what agency you work for
and what other subversive elements in our small country you have
contacted."

"But I don't know anything." cried Sara. "It's all a big mistake."

Sara felt the cool leather of the strap stroke her left breast and rub over the
hard nipple. Oh God, she thought, please don't hit my breasts.

"I'm sure you can do better than that." said the officer. You must realize the
position you are in leaves you with few alternatives but than to follow my
instructions. I could make things easy for you..." Now Sara felt his fingers
tugging at her nipples. "..or hard." The leather strap was now between her
thighs and Sara was helpless but to feel him pull it up sideways until the
edge was between her wet lips and then drag the strap outwards with the
edge running deep in her pussy and touching the edge of her clit. Sara
moaned at the vulnerable sensation.

"Please" she said. "I don't know anything about what you're talking about."

The strap struck her bottom again with a loud strap and again Sara felt the
heat moving up through her bottom into the rest of her body. She started to
cry.

"Now, now" said the officer quietly, "If you just cooperate you'll be able to
leave very shortly. His fingers were stroking Sara's nipple outward in a
pulling stroking motion. Despite herself she felt her body respond.

The questioning continued for what seemed like hours to Sara but was
perhaps only 40 minutes or so. The officer played her like a fine tuned
instrument. He would touch her, stroke her and tease her while speaking
quietly or smack her bottom with the strap. It took only a few moments
before Sara's fears that he would notice her moisture were realized as his
fingers stroked along her soaking slit. To her dismay she found that the
strapping of her bottom seemed to make her even wetter.

Sara tried to cooperate as much as she could, telling the officer everything
she could.

Finally the blindfold was pulled from her. Sara's body was hot and sweaty
and her bottom was warm to the touch.

"We will check your story" said the officer. You will spend the day in jail
here pending our investigation. You had better hope we do not find you have
lied to me or you will be back down here with me and I can assure you it
will not be nearly so pleasant."

The door closed behind him and Sara sagged in her cuffs. Her arms were
aching a little now. Thankfully the two soldiers who had brought her into the
room entered immediately and pulled her from the cable. Sara figured that
perhaps her ordeal was over but there was more humiliation to come.

The soldiers did not let Sara get dressed or even remove the leather cuffs.
With one taking an arm each they moved her out into the corridor, up some
stairs and along to another area. Sara was mortified. She was stark naked!
Along the way they encountered a couple of other guards and Sara blushed
crimson as they chuckled and stared at her naked body. The three reached a
door and pulled Sara into another room. This room was obviously a medical
station. There were two cots separated by cloth dividers and at the end of the
room, a doctor's examining area.

The soldiers pulled Sara with them to the examining area and lay her on her
back on the black leather table there. Sara was face up with her feet facing
the door she'd just entered.

The soldiers used the leather cuffs on her wrists to attach her wrists above
her head to clips that were part of the table. Her ankles were similarly
attached to the bottom of the table. Now the soldiers left Sara again naked
and vulnerable in a strange room. She did not have long to wait.

A long man, perhaps in his mid-thirties entered the room wearing a lab coat.
The doctor, Sara hoped. He came over to Sara directly.

"I will be examining you before they bring you to a cell in our jail." said the
doctor. Moving quickly and efficiently the doctor took Sara's blood pressure
and listened to her heart. He had her open her mouth and probed within with
his fingers; looking Sara supposed, for contraband. Once done, the doctor
now moved to Sara's feet. He unattached each ankle in turn and re-attached
them to a standard doctor's stirrup.

Oh no! thought Sara. She had always been a modest girl and going to the
gynecologist virtually always produced a full-body blush as her body was
exposed. Her exam just before the vacation had been the most embarrassing
yet as her ob-gyn got to see her newly smooth pussy. Sara had been
mortified that he would chastise her or perhaps laugh but in the end he had
been very professional. He had mentioned it though and after making sure
that she was fine down there had given her a pat on the pubis and told her to
be sure to be careful with the depilatory she was using so she wouldn't
irritate the sensitive parts of her body. Predictably, Sara had blushed crimson
at the incident.

Now here she was again, being spread open like a lab frog on a dissection
plate for viewing by this young man. The stirrups were spread wide, wide
apart and Sara felt her engorged pussy lips parting wetly thanks to the
stimulation they'd had for the last hour. The stirrups seemed different to
Sara, higher somehow because not only was her pussy spread wide but her
hot buttocks were pulled back and open also to leave her anus completely
open for view.

The doctor moved to a counter and Sara was unable to see what he was
doing. When he turned he immediately sat directly between her outstretched
thighs only inches from her spread open body. Sara felt both his hands slide
down her belly to rest one at the top of each thigh with his thumbs lying
along her smooth pussy lips. The doctor peeled them back first slowly then
wider and wider until they were tight apart. Sara knew her clit was now open
and exposed because she could feel a slight breeze wafting across the wet
nerve-filled bud.

"Hmmmm" said the doctor. "Why do you have no hair here?" He patted the
pronounced mound of Sara's bare pubis with one hand. "Is this because of a
skin disease or medical problem?"

"N-n-n-o" stammered Sara, blushing again.

"Perhaps you had an operation here?" asked the doctor.

"No", said Sara, "I did it....I did it for my boyfriend".

"Ahh" said the doctor. "You did this for sex. You are a naughty young girl."
His last pat was a little firmer than the others leaving Sara with the sensation
of his fingers having smacked the puffy lips of her slit.

The doctor now moved his hands lower and again spread her wet lips wide
apart.

"You like sex very much, I think." he said to her. "You are very wet here."

Sara didn't think she could be more embarrassed. Her blush now extended
from her freckled face down to the tops of her breasts.

With one hand holding the inner lips open, Sara felt a finger slid easily into
her. The doctor teased in the tip for a moment then slid the thick finger in as
far as he could causing Sara to gasp softly at the intrusion. The finger slid in
and out several times, twisting as it did so then slid almost all the way out.
When it slid in next, it was joined by a second finger. The doctor slid the
two fingers deep into her body and held them there.

Now the doctor's left hand moved upward to rest on the pronounced mound
of Sara's pubis. His fingers were splayed out slightly and Sara felt his thumb
resting casually directly over the hood to her very erect, very sensitive clit.

As the two fingers deep inside her were twisted back and forth and slid in
and out of her wetness for her supposed "exam", Sara felt the hand resting
on top pressing down slightly. She couldn't help feeling squirmy from the
heavy thumb of the doctor's left hand as it seemed to innocently rub over her
clitoris.

Sara didn't even notice when her hips started to rotate back and forth at the
sensation but the doctor did.

"That's fine. Now we'll continue the rest of the examination." he said.

The finger slid from Sara's pussy and Sara felt nothing for a moment. When
she did finally feel the hands return, she groaned in horror. The doctor's
fingers were now spreading her buttocks even wider apart to exam her
crinkled anus.

Sara knew that this long neglected part of her anatomy was like an electric
button to her clit. The last time her regular doctor had given her an anal
exam she'd had to bite her lip to keep from showing her arousal. God only
knew what it would be like here.

With her anus stretched wide, it was not until the cool, squirmy sensation of
a very lubricated finger actually touched the center of the opening that Sara
knew she was about to be penetrated. The finger teased the outside of the
sensitive membranes before sliding into the tightly muscled ring. Sara felt
her anus open and clench involuntarily at the 1/2 inch of finger now
penetrating it.

Once the finger had twisted around a couple of times and her opening was
well lubricated, the doctor pushed his finger slowly but firmly all the way in,
burying it deep into Sara's rectum. He held it there for a moment and
enjoyed the sight of Sara's closed eyes in concentration and the toes of her
bare feet as they curled in a vain attempt not to feel what she was feeling.
The doctor smiled as he realized that anal play was very arousing for the
young girl. Well she was in for more of it over the next few minutes.

The doctor slid his finger out of Sara's tight, hot rectum and added more
lubricant before sliding deeply in again. Sara gasped as his finger penetrated
her most private place. Once her bottom was quite slippery and holding
some of the Vaseline he'd been using for lubricant, he pulled his fingers out
and waited a moment while Sara's breathing returned to normal. There is
material in your rectum her reported solemnly. This will have to be removed
to ensure you are not smuggling drugs into the jail.

How would he do that Sara wondered. She didn't have to wonder for long.
The doctor pulled over a tray with a small basin of water and a douche
syringe in it. Squeezing the large bulb, the doctor sucked up a good-sized
quantity of water before bringing the large, curved nozzle to Sara's bottom.

He teased the fat tip of the nozzle in slowly. It had, after all, been designed
for a different opening. Once the tip was in, it was a small matter to slide the
nozzle deep inside until only the fat rubber bulb rested between Sara's
widely parted buttocks. This left Sara's rectum penetrated more than ever
before. The nozzle was not quite as thick as Paul's penis but it was certainly
longer and Sara could feel its curved length deep in her body. The doctor
squirted a small amount of the bulb, waited a moment then squeezed the
balance quite hard.

"Oh!" gasped Sara as the warm water built up instantaneous pressure deep in
her body.

The doctor pulled the fat nozzle from the young girl slowly watching as her
anus struggled to close itself against the water already deep in her body.

"Aren't you going to let me up?" asked Sara wide-eyed as the pressure of
the water made her want to go to the bathroom.

The doctor smiled, "No, you will use the bedpan here."

He reached under the table and pulled up a bedpan that rested against Sara's
buttocks. Sara was mortified. She had never imagined being so embarrassed.
She tried to hold back, tried desperately to squeeze her anus as hard as she
could be it was all in vain. With a little cry, her body finally took over and
Sara heard the humiliating sounds of her own enema being evacuated into
the metal pan.

There hadn't been much water and it was over in a moment. The doctor used
a wet towel to wipe her clean. Sara figured she must be done but she was
not. She had much more to go.

The doctor emptied the bedpan in the adjacent toilet and then pulled a
strange looking cart over beside Sara's widestretched thighs. With her
restraints, Sara couldn't get a good look at it. The doctor sat back down
between her legs and again slowly lubricated her now much looser bottom.
To her horror Sara felt another nozzle, this one much harder and colder,
touching her anus. The steel nozzle was double-barrelled and fairly thick.
The doctor took his time but when he was done, Sara's bottom was stretched
wide around the thick nozzle of the high-colonic machine. The doctor
manipulated the device again and from deep within her Sara felt it move as
an inflatable bulb suddenly made the mid-point of the barrel of the nozzle
twice as thick. The doctor knew that it was now physically impossible for
the nozzle to become dislodged or to leak any water without the bulb being
deflated.

Sara's breathing was coming in little gasps. What was that thing buried deep
into her bottom. It felt so long that she was sure it was halfway up her body
by now and when the doctor made it larger she thought she was going to
pass out. Sara didn't know whether to be super turned on or terrified. She
guessed it was a little of both.

Once the thick metal nozzle was properly seated. The doctor checked the
rest of his equipment settings and then turned the device on. Sara heard the
whine of a motor and wondered for a moment what it was. The slow
pressure of hot water sliding deep into her rectum confirmed her worst fears.
This was a new kind of enema that she had never heard of.

The doctor checked the equipment again then stood up. He noticed as he did
so that Sara's bare pussy was now slick with her own juices as the anal
stimulation had aroused her. He chuckled as he patted the slick wetness
"Turned on? Well if you enjoyed what you've had so far, you'll love this.
The nozzle in your bottom can't be pushed out and the motor here is a
pump. It isn't very strong and can't hurt you but it will slowly fill your colon
with warm water. The nozzle here is a little thicker as you may have noticed.
That is because it is also equipped with an evacuation tube so you don't
need to worry about that. The pump will push the water into you for a while
then reverse itself and pull the water out into an evacuation container.

"I've set the sequence to give you two soap-filled sequences followed by
several rinsing ones. Altogether there are a few gallons of water for you to
deal with and it will take a few minutes. Just relax."

With a final pat on Sara's engorged and now wet pussy, the doctor turned
and walked to the main door.

"I'll be back in a moment." he said then left. To Sara's absolute horror, the
door was left wide open! With her in this exposed position only a few feet
from the door, anyone going by would see more of her than most human
beings ever see of another.

The water was working its way inexorably deeper into Sara now and the first
of what would be several cramps had just started thanks, she supposed, to
the soap. Despite any action on her part, there was no way the nozzle into
her bottom could be budged at all and there was nothing to do but hold on.

A few minutes later, when Sara was sure she'd burst from what was now a
very distended belly, she heard the sound of pump change and the pressure
immediately decreased. Sara knew she was now being emptied. The
procedure took about as long as it had to fill her up and just as she was
feeling comfortable, the sound of the motor changed again and again, she
felt the water moving deep inside her.

It had been perhaps 5 minutes, perhaps 10 and the second sequence of water
was now just about finished when Sara's worst fears were realized. Over the
sound of the pump she heard voices coming down the corridor and, sure
enough, two soldiers stopped at the entrance to her examining room. They
laughed as they saw the predicament she was in. Although most of what
they said was too fast for Sara to follow it was clear they were enjoying the
view and that she was not the first young lady to have been held in this
position.

After watching for a couple of minutes, the soldiers moved on leaving a
blushing and gasping Sara behind.

Now the pump reversed again and the first rinsing water was pushed deep
into Sara's belly. The hot water had made her break out in a sweat and it
seemed that this time the pump would go on forever. Sara felt that the water
was now moving much, much deeper into her, perhaps it was. Not until her
belly was distended and tight like that of a pregnant woman did the pump
reverse and start emptying her.

Time blur for Sara as twice more she watched her belly swell up and shrink.
The doctor arrived sometime during the process but by the time the water
was being evacuated for the last time Sara was exhausted. Her anus was sore
from being stretched so wide for so long and her whole body felt like she'd
just run the marathon.

It was with great relief that she finally felt the nozzle deflate and be pulled
slowly from her anus.

"Now that you're clean, we can complete your examination." said the
doctor.

"No! I can't!" said Sara as she pulled weakly at her restraints.

Suddenly there was a short sharp smack and Sara felt the hot sting of
something smacking her right on the bare skin of her pussy. "Ouch!" she
said and looked up to see the doctor holding a fly swatter. Again it swung
down and again Sara felt a hot smack on her pubis.

"You will behave or I can make your stay with me much longer and much
less pleasant." said the doctor as he idly rubbed the rubber swatter across
Sara's hard nipples.

"Yes Sir." she said meekly and bit her tongue as she tried to keep quiet.

The doctor was now back down between Sara's legs and Sara looked on as
he reached over to the counter for what Sara knew to be a speculum. She
should have expected this, she thought. It was her least favorite part of her
annual gynecological exam so of course it would happen here. It wasn't that
being opened by a speculum was so painful Sara thought. It was just the idea
of having your most intimate spot opened up so wide that someone could
look right into your body. It was the most vulnerable feeling that Sara knew.

The doctor was skilled and in a moment Sara's pussy was filled with the
metal device. A few turns of a wheel and her pussy was stretched wide open.

"We have to ensure that there is nothing that you are carrying in your
person." said the doctor by way of explanation.

Sara just closed her eyes and leaned back, letting him have a look. It was a
shock to her that a moment later, another metal probe touched her now
opened anus. It stroked for a moment then pushed as the metal device
pushed past the sphincter and back into her rectum. Oh no, thought Sara.
What now? Her body gave her the answer as she felt the device in her move.
It was getting larger.

To Sara's embarrassment the nature of the device in her bottom was now
apparent. It was another speculum. The doctor opened this one as well and
the metal petals pulled her anus wide open.

Sara had never imagined someone could be this exposed. Both her intimate
openings were stretched wide open to the world! Despite herself, however,
she felt the familiar twinge of her clit and her nipples tightening that said
that even though she was embarrassed, her body thought she was turned on.

The doctor turned away from the bound spread girl leaving a pair of wide-
open thighs with two metal devices directly between them holding both of
Sara's intimate openings widely exposed.

The doctor left the panting girl in this widely opened position and left the
room, leaving the door wide open once again.

Sara's eyes were closed as she tried to pretend that nothing was happening
and that this was all a bad dream. Unfortunately the sensations running
through her body kept pulling her mind back to the situation she was in.

The sounds of voices back in the room, brought Sara back to reality in an
instant. The doctor was coming back in the room, this time with the officer
in tow! Sara's whole face flushed red in embarrassment as the officer who
had questioned her earlier now had a complete view of her spread open
body.

The doctor told the officer that he had examined Sara for contraband and
could find none. The officer peered down between Sara's legs at the two
wide open speculums. Sara felt the device in her pussy move as the officer
grasped the handle and tilted it slightly for a better view. She squeezed her
eyes shut tightly as the pressure from the spread open petals of the device
pressed against her oversensitive clit. Sara moaned involuntarily at the
sensation.

Now the fingers moved lower to grasp the even more humiliating rectal
speculum and Sara felt that one being adjusted as well to provide the
maximum view into her body. The officer and the doctor exchanged some
comment that had them both chuckle at Sara's expense.

Sara felt the officer moving to her side and after a moment, opened her eyes.

"So" he said, "The doctor tells me that this treatment excites you." The
officer's fingers had taken one of Sara's nipples and was gently rolling it.

Sara's eyes were wide as the officer idly toyed with Sara's very erect, very
tight nipple.

"Nnnnnno Sir" she mumbled. Sara just couldn't tell this man the truth.

"No?" asked the officer. "You aren't lying to me are you? If you are lying
that could be very serious. It should be very simple to test. If I touch you for
a moment and you climax, it will be obvious that you are lying." The officer
smiled, "Perhaps you'd enjoy much more of this treatment? I'm sure I can
arrange it for you."

Sara didn't know what to say as the officer moved back between her legs
and moved one hand so that his fingers touched both of the metal speculum
sticking out from deep in her body. She shuddered as his fingers moved
them in small circles, feeling the sensation translated directly into the depths
of her belly.

With a smile, looking right into Sara's eyes, the officer moved his other
hand up to where Sara's clit, soaked in her own juices was now sticking out
from its protective hood. The touch of his fingertip on the tip of her clit was
electric. Sara's whole body tightened up and she involuntarily pushed hard
with her heels to push her hips up toward the teasing finger.

Sara moaned out loud and felt a rush of heat start from all extremities of her
body at once and rush like a tidal wave to the center of her being in the
depths of her belly. She felt light headed as the blood seemed to run from
her head, her toes, her fingertips all toward the tip of her traitorous clitoris
and the officer's finger that teased it.

Her orgasm seemed to have been pent-up for hours and now rushed out at
her cry as she came and then came again. The officer's teasing seemed more
insistent teasing her clit and now her turgid nipples into yet another orgasm
as the officer and doctor watched, completely entertained.

Finally, limp in her bonds, Sara fell back. It was perhaps the most
embarrassing and the most exciting and the most intense moment of her
young life and she knew in an instant that her sex life was now changed
forever.

The officer's fingers left the young body and, smiling, he stepped once more
to her side.

"I'm happy to report that we completed our investigation of you a couple of
hours ago. You are free to go and we apologize for this inconvenience."

With a final comment to the doctor and a chuckle, the officer left the room.

The doctor pulled the devices from Sara's body and wiped her soaking
pussy lips and buttocks with a towel. Just before releasing her, however, he
reached for one final thing from the counter. Sara couldn't see it, but she felt
the tip of something tiny touch her anus and in a moment be pushed in. The
doctor used his finger to seat the object as deep into her rectum as he could
reach. Sara was too tired to even argue.

As the doctor undid the restraints and pulled Sara from the stirrups and up to
a sitting position, she asked what he had put into her.

The doctor smiled. "Something that will have you remember us later today."
he said. Whatever it was, Sara could feel it already. It was making her
bottom itch and made her squirm. She felt like she wanted to plunge
something back into her rectum just as fast she could.

The doctor gave her the blouse and skirt she had arrived in and led the
shaken girl out to the lobby of the building. Sara lept into Paul's arms as
soon as she saw him. Paul had been up all night worrying what might be
happening to Sara. His questioning had taken only a few minutes before the
police had determined his and Sara's innocence. That had been hours ago
and since then he had been frantically trying to find out why Sara hadn't also
been released.

The two jumped into a taxi and a few minutes later were back in their room.
Sara took another few minutes to tell Paul everything that had happened to
her. She wasn't surprised to find him with a huge erection when she
finished. She had to admit, the story even turned her on.

"So what was it the doctor put into your bottom?" asked Paul.

"I don't know, but I can tell you one thing. It is making my bottom so
squirmy that if something doesn't fill it soon I think I'm going to scream."
With that final comment, Sara pulled her clothes off and leapt onto the bed
on all fours, head down and tail up, leaving Paul with the sight of a spread
open bottom and pussy waiting for him. Paul was amazed at Sara's
aggressive attitude and wondered if Sara would start having sex be more
kinky from now on.

He didn't have long to find out.




74 Playing Doctor

"Well, look which cat just swallowed the canary."

Leanne just smiled at her friend Karin. The two girls were the best of friends
and had been since grade school. Although both girls were now 28 and each
had married they remained as close if not closer than ever. These weekly
lunches had become so much a part of their routine that it was unthinkable
that either would ever miss them. If anyone could recognize when Leanne
was in a great mood it would be Karin.

"Maybe I just got lucky last night" said Leanne.

Karin grinned. "It looks like you got more than lucky. I don't think Bob and
I have had anything that hot in years. Of course, you've been married a year
less than us."

Leanne smiled. "Now I know you and Bob have sex. It's not like you've lost
your looks or anything."

The truth was, neither girl had lost their looks. Karin was a blond with short
curly hair and a trim gymnast body. Her pert breasts had no trouble passing
the 'pencil' test but her best feature was probably her shapely backside.

Leanne was a gorgeous brunette with short straight hair. Her body was long
and curvy. Her breasts were also firm but larger than her somewhat shorter
friend.

Either girl could be a runway model.

Since high school both girls had gotten consistent offers from the opposite
sex but both had settled down in their early twenties. Karin had married first.
She and Bob had met in college and had married quickly. Leanne had been,
of course, the maid of honor. That had been seven years ago. Leanne had
gotten hitched a year later to John. The two couples spent much of their time
together. They had bought homes near each other, almost always took
vacations together and shared meals virtually all the time.

Karin looked enviously at her best friend. What was she doing, she
wondered, that could keep her marriage so hot. Her own relationship was
wonderful but didn't seem to have the intensity they once had.

"No we still have sex." she replied, "It's just not as hot as it used to be. Bob
doesn't seem to have that... I don't know... spark."

Leanne smiled knowingly. "Yeah, we had that problem for a while but a few
weeks ago we hit on something that's turned our sex life on its ear."

"Well c'mon! Don't hold out on your best friend. What is it?" Leanne
blushed.

Um... I don't know... It's kind of embarrassing."

Karin's eyes opened wide. "Then it must be pretty kinky. I've known you
forever and I've seen all kinds of wild stuff you've done."

Leanne laughed. "Ok, ok, of course I can tell you. A few weeks ago, John
and I had one of those heart-to-heart talks that no one ever wants to have.
Anyway, we were talking about our relationship and one of the things that
came up was our rather bland sex life. I mean, it was almost down to doing
it once a week on Saturday's in the missionary position. Anyway, at one
point we decided to write down our hottest fantasies and then read them and
see if there was any of them that we wanted to try. So we sat in different
corners of the living room and I wrote a bunch of things and John too then
we exchanged."

"So what did you write? Never mind that, what did he write?" interrupted
Karin.

Leanne laughed. "Which do you want to hear first? Well, John wrote some
of the regular things you'd expect. He wanted to have a threesome and he
wanted to try some bondage thing and he wanted to do it in the car but one
of the things he said was at the top of my list and when I saw it I was
instantly hot." Leanne grinned, "He said his favorite game was to play
doctor."

"Doctor?" said Karin, "Are you kidding?"

"Oh no." replied Leanne, "Do you remember the last time you played?"

Karin blushed. "How could I forget? How old were we thirteen, fourteen?
It's still one of my hottest sexual memories. As I remember we both wanted
to be the nurse."

Leanne smiled "I remember. Well John and I decided right away to try it.
The first time I was the patient and John was the doctor. It was ok, but it still
wasn't hot. Then I turned the tables. I told him that I had to give him a very
complete examination and to strip down. I touched him all over and at one
point, had him bend over so I could take his temperature."

Karin gasped. "You didn't!"

"Oh yeah, I did. It was very hot. I slid a thermometer into his bum real slow
and he squirmed and moaned. Didn't you ever take a temperature rectally
when you played doctor?"

It was Karin's turn to blush. "Yes. It was my favorite part."

Leanne grinned back, "Me too. Anyway, we had the hottest, I mean the
hottest, sex that night. Since then we've played it over and over again. I'm
almost always the nurse. I've found that John has this submissive streak in
him that makes him fire hot when I'm in charge.

"Last night was the best yet. John had been hunting around for the last
couple of weeks and yesterday surprised me with a new piece of furniture in
the house.

It's an honest-to-God gynecologist table complete with stirrups. Last night
he found out what it's like to have his feet up and wide apart like a frog in
biology class."

Karin's eyes were wide as saucers. "Wow." seemed to be the only word that
would come out. She had been holding her breath as Leanne explained what
games she and John had been playing. She noticed as she finally gasped in
some air that her thighs were tightly clenched and that there was more than a
hint of moisture between them.

"I would have given anything to have seen that." Karin whispered. "You
know, Bob has hinted at playing submissive games with me for ages but I
never thought I could get into it. Every time he talked about it all I could
think of was whips and chains and it didn't do anything for me but this... this
is so..... so hot!"

Leanne chuckled, "You have no idea. You know, maybe one of these days
you'll need another examination from your favorite nurse."

Karin gasped. "You wouldn't!"

"But doesn't the thought of it make you hot?" asked Leanne.

Karin found herself unable to meet her friend's eyes. "I suppose so."

Hard as it seemed, Karin was able to finally get the conversation off the
subject of sex and the two girls had a great lunch. The images that had
started rolling around in Karin's head just wouldn't stop. She kept imagining
first her husband Bob bent over with his bare bottom in the air and Karin's
fingers pushing a rectal thermometer into him. Then the image shifted and
Karin imagined Leanne's husband John with his feet up in the air in stirrups,
completely exposed to her gaze. John was a very handsome man and Leanne
had even seen him naked a couple of times while on vacation but never had
she even imagined something like this. Another image crashed into her brain
and she imagined herself in John's place, naked and spread open to Leanne's
eyes and hands. By the time lunch was over, Karin was dripping wet.

That night Karin took charge for the first time. She was so hot that Bob was
lucky he wasn't raped as he walked in the door. Karin waited until early
evening. Bob had settled into the den to watch TV and she headed for the
bedroom. After lighting a candle, she stripped down and got into a bath. Her
fingers trailed down between her legs and she could feel her slick wetness
even under the water. Her clit and her nipples were all rock hard. Karin
trailed a finger over her engorged clit and her hips involuntarily arched her
pubis with its lightly covered blond muff out of the water. "Whew" she
thought. "If I don't stop, I'm going to ruin it."

A few minutes later, Karin was out of the bath and dried off. She considered
what, if anything to put on. Finally, she settled for a pair of lace, high-cut
panties and, wearing nothing else, headed down the hall to look for her
husband.

"Whoa!" said Bob as she walked into the den. Karin had seemed a little
distracted all evening, but now Bob could tell what she'd had on her mind.
Her tiny white panties just seemed to accentuate her tight athletic figure.
Bob loved how his wife looked. Her firm breasts weren't large but they were
topped with Bob's favorite feature, very long, remarkably thick nipples.
Right now they seemed to be longer and fatter than Bob could ever
remember. "Mmmmm" he said, licking his lips. Have any plans?"

"As a matter of fact I do." said Karin with a smile. In one hand Bob saw one
of Karin's silk scarves.

"Oh?" said Bob, his pulse quickening.

Karin just smiled as she walked forward. The silk scarf turned out to be for
Bob's eyes and a moment later he couldn't see at all.

"Just lie still" whispered Karin.

By the time Karin actually got Bob to the bedroom he was naked and hard.
Karin had teased and touched and licked him all the way there.

She pushed him onto the bed on his back then took her time positioning him
with his knees up and wide open. She could see everything, just like she
wanted.

Straddling Bob, she settled her hips lower over his face and felt his tongue
start to lick deep into her slit. Bob had always been great at going down on
her and tonight Karin knew she wouldn't need much encouragement. She
bent down to take his swollen member into her mouth and felt his hips push
up in response.

The sixty-nine was the couple's favorite position and the two of them
squirmed as they pleasured each other. Karin felt herself on the edge. She
was very close and tonight, she wanted Bob to come with her. Karin slid one
finger deep into her mouth and licked it then as she let her mouth descend
once again on Bob's cock, she slid her hand below his balls and, in one
smooth but very firm motion, slid her finger past her husband's anus and
deep into his rectum. Bob moaned at the sensation. Karin slid her finger out
slightly then pushed it hard all the way to the knuckle in a twisting motion.

Bob's body was awash with sensation. His beautiful naked wife was lying
on top of him. He could feel her hot thighs on his cheeks and her wet pussy
and clit grinding down right on top of his mouth. Her tight-tipped breasts
were pushing into his belly and his cock was, of course, deep in Karin's
mouth. The finger sliding into his rectum was something new and made him
wild. Bob had always loved it when Karin took charge and she certainly had
tonight. With a finger sliding in and out of his bottom, Bob didn't hold out
for long. Karin felt him cry out beneath her and felt his cock swell in her
mouth. A moment later the hot salty spray of his come spurted to the back of
her throat. It was all she needed. Moaning loudly, Karin felt her hips slide
her pussy across Bob's mouth and started coming herself in an orgasm that
seemed to start deep in her belly.

The couple ended up sleeping curled up together like spoons. It had been
one of the hottest nights of sex since their honeymoon.

The next day Karin figured she'd be sated and the thoughts that had started
with lunch the day before would fall into a faded memory but she was
wrong. As she went through her day, the images and fantasies of playing
doctor seemed to become stronger and stronger.

She thought back with vivid clarity to the times she and Leanne had played
doctor first as children then a few times as teenagers. Both girls were quite
well developed the last time they played. Karin still remembered Leanne
pulling on rubber gloves from the kitchen and dipping one finger into a jar
of Vaseline as she waited, naked, on her spread open knees with her head
resting on her folded arms. The head-down, tail-up position was the most
exposing one Karin had ever been in and it made Karin hot every time she
was in it. The feel of Leanne's fingers in those rubber gloves as they spread
Karin's cheeks wide open was so clear it seemed like it had just happened.

Although Karin remembered feeling embarrassed as Leanne slid her
lubricated finger into her bottom, she also remember the sensation causing
her to get hot and wet something Leanne couldn't help noticing given
Karin's exposed position.

For the next couple of days, these thoughts were fantasy fodder for Karin
who seemed to be playing with herself all the time.

On Friday, Bob kissed Karin goodbye and headed to the airport. He'd be in
Europe for the next week on business.

Karin gave Leanne a call. "Hey there. I just dumped the hubby. How about
if you and I spend some time together this weekend. If you like we could
have a pyjama party tomorrow night. I'll rent Gone with the Wind, you can
make the popcorn and we can cry like babies."

Leanne chuckled over the phone. "Sounds like fun but I just can't. John and
I have... plans."

"Oh!" Karin blushed. "I... um, I see. Well take care of yourself and give me
a call later."

Leanne promised she would and hung up.

Karin's Saturday was quite busy. She and Leanne did their shopping
together as usual and Karin did some gardening in the afternoon. Karin
thought about renting a romantic movie but the truth was, she was still hot
and in the mood for something else. Rooting around in Bob's collection, she
found some of his bondage movies and took a couple upstairs to their
bedroom to watch them in private. Most of these types of movies left Karin
cold but Bob had found a few that even had a plot and had some decent
scenes.

Karin got lucky with the first tape. The women were gorgeous and the first
scene featured a dominant woman instructing a submissive woman in what
to do. Karin was naked, spread wide open on her bed with her right hand
buried between her thighs and her left on the remote when the phone rang.
Karin almost left it but at the last moment, reached over and grabbed the
handset from beside the bed.

"Hello?"

"Hello yourself. Are you having that pyjama party all by yourself?"

"Hi Leanne. No, I'm enjoying Bob's dirty tapes." giggled Karin.

"Well I was thinking you might want to come over here." said Leanne.

"No thanks, I think I'm going to just curl up here for the evening." replied
Karin.

"No, you've got to come over here." said Leanne in a conspiratorial
whisper.

"Believe me, you'll be happy you did."

"Why? What is it?" asked Karin her eyes widening.

"Never mind, just get over here right now." Leanne hung up the phone.

Karin's breathing got quicker. She knew Leanne was crazy but if she was
doing what Karin thought she was doing, it was even wilder than crazy.

Karin hopped out of bed and thought for a moment. She pulled a brush
quickly through her hair and wondered what she should wear. Her pussy was
slick from playing with herself and her whole body was flushed with desire.
Her internal fires hadn't stopped burning since the Tuesday lunch.

Karin grabbed a cotton summer dress from her closet. It was short, backless
with a little strap that tied around her neck. In bright sunlight, it was almost
sinful as someone could easily make out her dark nipples through the thin
cotton and if the sunlight was behind her, anyone would get a perfect view
of her legs.

Karin always had to pay attention to what panties she wore with this dress
because they were mostly visible. None of that was a problem for the
moment though as it was dark out. Karin reached for her panty drawer and
pulled out a pair of rather plain panties. She held them for a moment then
threw them back in the drawer. If Leanne could be crazy, so could Karin.

With their houses so close together Karin didn't even bother with the car.
Ten minutes after the phone call, she was walking up to Leanne and John's
door. The door opened just as Karin reached for the bell. "Shhhhh" said
Leanne with a finger to her lips. "C'mon in" Leanne was wearing a
matching spandex tube top and shorts. With the flushed, excited look on her
face it would be easy to thing that she had just come from the gym.

Karin smiled at her. "Having a little fun?" she asked.

Leanne giggled quietly. "You have no idea. As you can guess, John is
upstairs right now. He's naked and kneeling in the corner waiting for the
'nurse' to give him his examination. Well, he's not completely naked, he's
wearing a blindfold.

But you should see him. He's got his nose in the corner like a naked little
boy."

Karin felt a wave of heat rush up her from her thighs to her pussy and then
beyond up her belly and across her breasts with her hard nipples and up to
her face.

"C'mon" whispered Leanne and headed up the stairs. Karin was rooted to
the spot and for a moment, didn't move a muscle.

"Come on!" whispered Leanne and Karin headed up the stairs after her
friend.

The sight of John in the bedroom caused an instant rush of heat through
Karin's body. Leanne's attractive husband was, as promised, naked. He was
kneeling in the corner with his bare, white bottom accentuated by his tan
lines. His knees were wide apart and his hands were on his head. John's face
was leaning forward into the corner. As Karin walked into the room in
something of a daze, Leanne turned around and put her fingers to her lips,
admonishing Karin to be quiet.

"Okay John," said Leanne. "I'm going to take your temperature now. We
may need to take it several times to be sure it's accurate. Of course, a little
boy like you would only get his temperature taken one way."

Leanne reached to the bed then handed Karin a long rectal thermometer and
a small jar of Vaseline.

Karin's eyes opened wide as she looked at her friend. It was one thing to get
a peek at her naked husband but now she was offering the submission of his
body to Karin! Karin took the thermometer and Vaseline and as she did so,
felt her pussy just gush with moisture.

Dipping the thermometer deep into the Vaseline, Karin walked forward then
knelt down behind her best friend's naked husband. With her skirt flared
out, Karin felt even more naked beneath her skirt. Karin put the jar down
and considered John's bare bottom for a moment. Reaching forward with
both hands, she rested her hands on his buttocks with her thumbs resting
alongside his crack.

In one smooth but firm motion, she spread his bottom with her thumbs until
it was stretched wide. John gasped softly as she exposed his most private
parts to her. Karin looked down at his crinkled brown anus. In a moment,
she was going to slide a thermometer into it. Karin leaned forward and blew
along John's spread crack.

Karin let go of his buttocks and reached for the thermometer with her right
hand. With the thumb and forefinger of her left hand, Karin again spread
John's bottom wide open. This time, she brought the thermometer, covered
in petroleum jelly to the very center of that brown crinkled opening.

As Karin touched the cool metal tip of the thermometer to John's tight anus,
it clenched tight Karin smiled as she teased the tip of the thin tube against
the sensitive orifice. John's hips swayed slightly then Karin heard him groan
as she slid the tube past his anus then as deep into his rectum as it would
reach.

Karin pulled the thermometer almost all the way out then slid it back in but
this time she spun the glass and metal thermometer in her fingers as she did
so.

John gasped at the sensation.

Karin left the thermometer in John's bottom and removed her hand. She
couldn't resist though reaching a little lower and grasping John's hanging
balls between his widely stretched thighs. Again John gasped at the
sensation Karin looked over her shoulder at Leanne who had one hand
buried between her legs. The sight was obviously turning her on. Leanne
motioned Karin backwards then reached forward and teased the
thermometer from John's tight bottom. Both girls could see John's anus
involuntarily grasping at the tube in vain as his body tried to keep it inside
him.

"All right young man. Stand up." Said Leanne. John got to his feet. Leanne
took him by one arm and slowly turned him around. Karin stifled a gasp.
John's cock was longer than she had expected but it was also rock hard and
sticking out from his body. Leanne reached for a small plastic ruler.

"What's this? Excited again?" she asked then she took the ruler and spanked
the head of John's cock lightly. John jumped a bit at the sensation but Karin
thought his cock was even harder. It had certainly developed a rhythmic
twitch.

Leanne pulled the blindfolded, naked man from the bedroom and over to the
spare bedroom. Karin followed, fascinated as her best friend exhibited how
submissive her husband was. Of course, he still didn't know Leanne wasn't
alone.

Leanne motioned Karin to follow her into the spare bedroom and Karin
walked through the door, she stopped dead in her tracks.

There in the middle of the table was a full-blown obstetrics examining table!
Leanne led John to the table and he obviously knew what it was because
without any hesitation he got up on the table and lay back..

Leanne lifted John's feet into the knee rests and stirrups and strapped them
in.

In this position, nothing was left to the imagination. John's circumcised cock
and hanging balls were well displayed. At the head of the table, Leanne
fastened John's hands to restraints that were already attached there. Further
down, Karin could see that she would no longer need to hold John's
buttocks apart. The position had widely spread John's buttocks and neatly
displayed his anus. Karin could still see the presence of Vaseline around the
crinkled opening from the thermometer.

"Very well John, it's time for your rectal exam," pronounced Leanne. Now
Leanne handed a pair of latex gloves to her best friend.

Karin pulled the thin rubber gloves over her hands, pulling at the edges with
a loud "snap!" when they were on. Karin smiled as John's cock twitching in
response to the distinctive sound.

Karin moved forward to stand right between her best friend's husband's
widespread knees. A short stool just as Karin had seen many times in her
own gynecologist's office was strategically placed for her to sit there. Karin
sat and just stared for a moment. This was the same vulnerable position she
knew she presented every year for her annual examination. Did John feel
just as exposed? Karin was sure he was.

Karin dipped one finger deep into the jar of Vaseline Leanne held out for her
and then brought the tip of her finger to John's tight opening. She let the tip
of the blob of Vaseline touch him there, knowing how sensitive it must be.

John's thighs tightened involuntarily but the leather straps help him
helplessly open.

Karin made tiny delicate little circles with the jelly-covered fingertip. John
moaned softly and as he did so Karin simply pushed her finger forward. In
one movement it was buried as far as she could reach in his tight rectum.

"Oh Man!" John exclaimed as his toes curled around the stirrups.

Karin twisted slowly in one direction then back in the other. She pulled back
until it was just her fingertip at John's anal ring then pushed again to bury
her digit back into her friend's rear passage.

Karin could see a drop of precum form at the tip of John's cock, which was
now spasming constantly. Karin was sure he was close to orgasm. Very
slowly she pulled her finger out of John leaving him gasping at the edge of
release.

Karin looked back at her friend whose face was flushed. She had been
watching carefully but not only that, Leanne had taken the opportunity to
pull her shorts off and to simply pull her tube top above her tight breasts.
Leanne had one hand teasing her obviously hard nipples and the other
rubbing her very wet pussy.

Karin's eyes widened as she saw that Leanne's pussy was completely bare!
There was no evidence of any pubic hair whatsoever. Karin wasn't sure
what else would happen but she knew in an instant that she would do the
same to her own light brown bush. Leanne just grinned at her friend and
motioned her over to a selection of toys and devices lying on a tray beside
the table. Karin peeked at them for the first time.

There was a myriad selection of toys to play with. Karin immediately
recognized a coupe of vibrators and dildos of various shapes. There were
some small, some long, some with ripples and ridges. Karin could also see
other goodies. There was equipment for giving an enema or douche and a
variety of different shaped tools that she could only term probes. There was
a string with several small balls attached that Karin was pretty sure what to
do with. Karin's eye settled on a little goodie in the dildo selection. It was an
odd shape, narrow at the end, somewhat thicker in the middle then narrow
again then thicker. Karin figured it would be the perfect thing to slide into
her naughty captive's bottom.

She picked up the plug and lubricated it generously with Vaseline. Karin
rolled her stool back between John's legs. His breathing had calmed down
somewhat but it was clear from his still-hard cock that his excitement was
still at a fever pitch. Karin reached back to the tray for the ruler Leanne had
teased her husband with only a few minutes before. Taking the plastic edge,
she gently scraped the underside of John's cock from the base all the way to
the tip.

John started moaning immediately. Karin smiled as Leanne was now wide-
eyed. This was obviously something new. Karin took the ruler back to the
base of the hard circumcised cock and did it again.

Karin took the rectal plug and touched the tip to John's now relaxed anus
and nudged the tip into his anal ring.

With one hand she again started dragging the edge of the ruler upwards
along John's over-sensitized cock and as she did so her other hand firmly
pushed the widening plug into John's bottom. John was close to orgasm
now. His body would have been trashing around the table but for the
restraints holding him firmly down. Karin knew it wouldn't take much to
push him over the edge. She was so excited herself she was pretty sure she
wouldn't take long herself.

Karin pulled the ruler away as the narrow part of the plug seated itself inside
of John's tight sphincter pulling the rest of the plug deeper into his rectum.

Karin reached over for another of the plastic dildos as Leanne watched,
fascinated.

Karin took the end of the dildo and smacked it gently against the end of the
protruding rectal plug. John gasped in surprise at the sensation then moaned
loudly. Karin knew the end of the plug must be nestled up against his
prostate and the shock wave traveling up the plastic device would end up
right at the most sensitive spot.

As Leanne had done earlier, Karin gently smacked the ruler against the now
almost purple head of John's hard cock. It twitched hard and John's thighs
strained to lift his hips off the table. Another smack to the plug and another
light smack to the cock and John started to come. Karin smacked the end of
his plug again and again and again as John's cock now started spurting in
long stringy come along his chest. Leanne too cried out in orgasm as the
sight of her husband driving over the edge brought her to a climax.

Karin rolled back, her face flushed. She had never, ever been hotter than this
moment.

Leanne was still shuddering but she looked over at her best friend and could
see how turned on she was. Holding a finger to her lips, Leanne took Karin
by the arm and led her out of the room. Karin was trembling, she was so hot.

Wordlessly Leanne led Karin back to the bedroom. Karin let herself be led,
following silently. What, she wondered would happen now? She was ready
for just about anything so long as it involved having an orgasm right now!
The two girls entered the master bedroom and Leanne simply guided Karin
back to the corner where John had been only a short time before. In a
moment, Karin found herself with her eyes facing the corner of the room and
unable to see anything behind her. She felt the hem of her dress move as
Leanne took it and in one motion, pulled it up. Karin obediently raised her
arms to let Leanne strip her completely. Given she had worn no panties,
Karin was now completely naked before her friend.

Leanne took Karin's hands from their straight up position and gently
lowered them until they were clasped behind Karin's head. Karin gasped as
Leanne's fingers trailed down her back and between her thighs urging them
slightly apart.

Leanne stepped back, enjoying the view of her beautiful friend's bare back
and bottom in this most submissive of poses. Karin felt her behind her again
then felt the soft touch of a blindfold covering her eyes. Leanne's breath was
hot in her ear as from an inch away she whispered. Now stay right here like
a good little girl until your examination.

Karin could hardly wait!




76 Airport Arrival

"Flight 714 from Amsterdam, now arriving at gate 27"

Lynn felt her heart leap at the airport announcement. It was almost time.
Lynn had been waiting for this moment for almost 2 weeks since her
boyfriend Steven left for an European vacation.

Lynn and Steven had been going together for about 6 months but it was the
steamiest 6 months either of them had ever experienced. Somehow the
sexual energy between them just seemed to fit. There didn't seem to be
anything they couldn't try together and each new experience was hotter and
more intense than the one before. They had experimented with a variety of
sex games but both seemed to enjoy an exhibitionist streak demonstrated by
an enjoyment of sex outdoors.

Both Steven and Lynn were very attractive. At 6' with a lean, athletic
physique and deep blue eyes, 28 year-old Steven was always being
propositioned by women of all ages. Lynn was a year younger. Her 5'7"
frame was also athletic in a gymnast sort of way. Her hair was blond and
curly and her 34C-24-35 figure was the envy of more than one young man.

Lynn had given Steven a hot send-off for this vacation, which he had
planned ages before with friends of his. The lingerie had started the night off
and before they were done both Lynn and Steven had managed to eat some
whipped cream from some pretty interesting places. The sex, as usual had
been fabulous. Lynn had, for the first time, let Steven take her anally and
they had both loved it.

Steven had been leaving the next morning on the mid-day flight and Lynn
had been prepared the next morning. It was a bit of rushing around but she
got to the airport to see him off in time. Handing Steven a sealed envelope
she had made him promise not to open it before being actually in the air.
Steven had looked at her curiously but had put the envelope, unopened, in
his bag.

Lynn knew what he'd see when the envelope was opened. Inside were 3
picture of Lynn herself and a short note. The top picture showed Lynn in a
very sexy bustier, stockings and g-string panties. It was the same lingerie
that she had on when they had had their last evening together and she knew
he loved it. The second picture was her in only her g-string panties with a
garter belt. Lynn's c-cup breasts with their very hard and long nipples were
completely bare. The last picture was the best. It showed Lynn 'au naturel'.
It was more naked than she could ever remember being since she'd done
something special. Lynn had started her day by shaving her bush absolutely
bare. Steven had hinted that he wanted her to for ages but she had resisted so
far. The look was very erotic. Lynn felt more than naked with her puffy
pussy lips completely exposed.

Lynn knew that the identity of the picture taker would make Steven crazy
and that it would only make him hotter. In fact, Lynn had arranged with her
best friend Sally to take the pictures long before Steven actually left.

The short note in the envelope was the piece de resistance. In it Lynn
promised Steven a day he would never forget when he returned.

Now that day had arrived. Lynn's plans weren't fully thought out when
Steven had left 2 weeks earlier but they sure were now. Lynn had taken
pains to prepare for Steven's flight arrival hours before it landed.

Part of Lynn's preparation was how she looked right now. In a white thin
blouse, Lynn's firm breasts were clearly visible. With her nipples so dark
and pushing against the white material, it was clear to anyone who looked at
her chest directly that her over-long nipples were achingly erect and without
the protection of a bra. The short skirt that completed the ensemble was
pleated and well above Lynn's mid-thighs. Each time Lynn took a step the
skirt flared and swished back and forth. Lynn felt like it was blowing up
around her waist at each step or puff of breeze but thus far it had not. She
felt even more than a little exposed as she was wearing no panties under the
short open garment.

Lynn had taken extra time in the bathroom getting ready that morning. Her
pussy was freshly shaved and oiled to be a smooth prominent mound. She
knew she was aroused. She could feel how slippery her lips were as she
walked. There was one more thing Steven would discover under her skirt
and she knew it would be enough to blow his mind.

The week before Steven's return Lynn had gathered her courage and headed
to a downtown sex-store. Here she figured she could find something that
would help her with her welcome-home party for her beau. The extensive
collection of toys and gadgets were overwhelming. It seemed to take Lynn
ages before she happened on just the right thing.

"Anal Beads" read the package. The device seemed disarmingly simple. A
string about 18 inches long with a little blue bead tied each 3 inches or so. A
total of 5 beads left about 4-5 inches of string at the end with a largish ring
to end the string. The instructions were quite straightforward. After
lubricating the beads, they were to be inserted in the partner's rectum. Once
all the beads were inserted, the partners were to work towards an orgasm. At
the moment of orgasm, the beads were to be pulled slowly from the anus one
bead at a time. Lynn had practiced on herself the night before with
devastating results. She was sure the neighbors would call the police for fear
of someone dying at the sound of her screams.

Lynn could feel the beads inside her right now. They had been in there for
over an hour now. The ring was freely hanging out of her tight bottom and at
each step would innocently swing against her bare thighs. The sensation just
served to further remind Lynn of how exposed she was. Before leaving the
house she had spent several minutes in front of mirror, convinced that
everyone would know she was naked and stuffed with these beads. There
was no sign of evidence to anyone who couldn't look right up her skirt.

The doors marked "Exit" swung open and there he was!

"Baby" squealed Lynn and ran up to her man.

Steven dropped his bag and swept up his beautiful girlfriend into a big bear
hug. "I missed you!" he said.

"Me too." said Lynn with a coy smile on her face. "I sure hope you don't
have plans, because I've got some for you." Lynn had felt Steven's erection
as soon as she hugged him. Obviously her envelope had had the desired
effect.

Steven gave her a wicked leer. "I'm ready if you are." He said.

Lynn led Steven out of the airport and into the underground parking. As
soon as they were out of the main crowd, she felt his hand slide down her
back to her rounded bottom.

"Uh uh" she chucked. You'll see when I tell you. Don't worry you'll get to
see plenty before the day's over."

Steven just grinned. He knew from experience he wasn't to be disappointed.

"Ok," he said, "Just tell me one thing. Who took those hot pictures?"

Lynn laughed, 'You'll never know!"

They were at Lynn's car now. Steven threw his bag in the trunk. Lynn was
holding the passenger door open for him. Steven sat and before closing the
door, looked him in the eye. "Look at me," she said. Steven looked up. Lynn
reached down and took the hem of her skirt in her hands. Her legs were
close together. In one very slow movement she pulled the skirt up. Steven's
eyes got wider and wider.

As her shaved pussy came into view Lynn was rewarded with a sharp gasp
from her boyfriend. "Wow," he said, "It's so hot!"

Steven's hand reached out to touch the bare slit but Lynn was a jump ahead
of him. "Ah, ah, ah," she chided. "No touching until you're allowed."
Lynn's hand had grabbed Steven's wrist just in time. "I will let you feel
something though." She said.

With her skirt now safely back down, Lynn spread her legs wide apart. She
had Steven's undivided attention now. With her hand still firmly on his wrist
Lynn pulled Steven's fingers under the pleated skirt until they touched the
steel ring and the end of the string buried deep in her bottom.

Steven gasped again, what was this? He looked up at Lynn with a look of
shock and wonder.

"Follow the string," she whispered.

Steven's finger obediently followed the string slowly upward until his
fingertips barely touched Lynn's crinkled anus between her buttocks. Again
Lynn was rewarded with a gasp. She knew she'd made the right purchase.

Lynn pulled Steven's hand out from under her skirt. She knew if she didn't
they'd be having sex right there in the parking lot and she had better plans
for the two of them.

Lynn scooted around to the driver's side and zoomed the car out of the
airport. In a few minutes they were on the freeway heading north into the
nearby mountains.

"Where are we headed?" asked Steven who had already unsuccessfully tried
to run his hand up Lynn's thigh twice.

"To the mountains," said Lynn. "Don't worry, it's only a half-hour away.
Surely you can wait that long?"

Steven laughed. "Well the way you've gotten my engine revved up, I'm not
sure that I can."

"It'll be worth the wait. I promise," said Lynn.

Steven threw a bunch of questions at her, who had taken the pictures, what
else had they seen, what was that string and what did she have planned.
Lynn just laughed at all the questions. You'll find out everything before the
day's over, she told him.

The spot they were destined for had been picked by Lynn very carefully. In
fact she had been there only that morning. Lynn parked the car at a road-side
rest area and pulled a small nylon bag from the back seat. "C'mon" she told
her boyfriend and headed up an almost invisible trail. Steven followed
obediently, his eyes glued from the sexy swish of Lynn's short skirt. Just
knowing what was under it was making him crazy.

About 10 minutes later, Lynn turn a sharp right turn off the trail. Walking up
a gently slope through the woods in another 5 minutes or so she came to a
halt at a small outcrop of rock.

Steven's hands went right around her waist. "I don't think I can wait another
minute," he whispered in her ear. Steven's hard bulge pushed into the soft
curves of Lynn's buttocks.

"Uh uh, Not yet lover," she giggled as she quickly disentangled herself from
her lover's grasp. "Have a seat. You'll be taking a five minute break here,"
she said.

"Me?" said Steven.

"Yup," she smiled. Here's a coke. Have a seat and relax until you finish it.
Take about 5 minutes. Then, you can follow me."

"And where will I find you?" asked Steven, intrigued.

Lynn pulled a ball of string from her bag. "Remember the string you got to
touch just a little while ago?" Steven nodded his head. How could he forget.
The image of the ring and the string it was at the end of was seared into his
brain. "Well, if you follow this string you'll find it attached to that one."
Lynn grinned at her now over-hot boyfriend. Giving Steven one end of the
string, she walked past him into the woods. The string unwound as she
walked.

It wasn't far. About 50 feet later the woods quickly opened up to a spot
Lynn had picked out especially for this occasion. Concealed nicely from the
woods behind her was a ledge of rock with a wonderful view of the valley
on two sides. It was a perfect spot for a picnic but lunch was the last thing
on Lynn's mind today.

Lynn knew she had not much time. Opening up the nylon bag she quickly
removed a folded exercise pad and laid it out carefully in the middle of the
ledge. The ropes she had placed that morning at several points around the
rock were still fastened to the trees as she had left them. Lynn pulled them
out now.

Stripping off her clothes took only a moment and now she was naked but for
the tiny string dangling from between her buttocks. She felt so full. Lynn lay
down on the padded mat. There were three more items she needed from the
bag. The handcuffs she laid at the top of the pad. The scissors she used
quickly, cutting the ball of string from the long end which disappeared into
the woods in front of her. The ball and scissors went back in the bag. The
end of the string she tied as she had promised to the end of the ring. The
string now held in Steven's hands deep in the woods ended deep in Lynn's
own body. Lynn took the key for the handcuffs and clipped it, too, to the
ring dangling from her. She had no doubt Steven would find it instantly.
Lynn pulled the last item, the sleep mask that she'd use as a blindfold from
the bag then tossed the bag aside.

Now the ropes which she had so carefully planned came into play. From two
points in front of Lynn but wide apart came ropes with loops at the end.
Lynn put her feet through the loops and pulled them to the top of her thighs.

Lying down on her back now, Lynn took the ropes from points to either side
and somewhat behind her and put her feet through those loops. These she
pulled up to her knees. The lengths of the ropes had been carefully
calculated. Lynn had, in fact, rehearsed getting into this position only this
morning. With the shorter ropes around her knees, Lynn was now pulled up
and wide open. The ropes around the tops of her thighs would keep her from
being pulled backward. It was a position more exaggerated even than her
gynecologist put her in.

There was one rope left and it ended a foot or so from her head. The
blindfold was next. Lynn took a deep breath before putting it on. The
darkness descended around her and instantly every other sense seemed
heightened. The handcuffs were last. Lynn clipped one to her left wrist then
passed the chain through the loop above her head before clipping her right
wrist to the other.

She was now helpless and more fully exposed than she had ever been in her
life. The gentle breezes in the clearing wafted over Lynn's shaved pubis
reminding her that she was on display to the world in this position. Her
pussy was, she knew, soaked. She hoped Steven enjoyed it.

Lynn could hear every sound on the hill, chirping of grasshoppers and birds,
the sounds of the wind and the leaves rustling together. The sound she was
waiting for didn't take long.

 From directly in front of her Steven's footsteps walked softly through the
brush, following the string she had so thoughtfully left. Steven rolled the
string slowly as he followed it. He couldn't remember ever being this turned
on. Suddenly the woods cleared out and the young man stopped in shock at
the sight.

His eyes followed the string he had been winding. It lay forward for another
few feet ending tied to the ring he had felt less than an hour before. Lynn's
body was spread and shaved and tied, offered to him as nothing he had ever
experienced. He dropped the ball of string and walked slowly around his
beautiful girlfriend.

Lynn's breasts, always firm and curvy were stretched and smooth. Her
nipples, which he loved seemed even darker. They certainly seemed thicker
and longer than he could ever remember. Steven longed to pull them into his
mouth. Her hands were handcuffed. Where were the keys? he wondered.
He'd soon find out. With her hands pulled up above her head, her body
seemed arched, offered up to him. The blindfold covered her eyes, seeming
to invite him to look at whatever he liked for as long as he liked without fear
of a disapproving glance. Steven took advantage to drink in his fill of the
stunning display.

Walking around to where he started now, Steven marveled at what Lynn had
done to offer herself to him. The shaved pussy was the stuff of his hottest
dreams. It revealed perfect puffy outer lips and widely separated and soaking
wet inner lips. With the exaggerated spread of Lynn's body, even her hard
nubbin of a clitoris was instantly visible. The string which Steven had
followed, clearly ended deep in Lynn's bottom. Her widespread thighs left
her buttocks spread open as well. The brown crinkled opening of her anus
was clear and the string disappeared into it.

Steven knelt down between her thighs.

Where would he touch her first? Wondered Lynn. She found out a moment
later as the string of beads lodged deep inside her came to life.

"Hmmm, so this is what you were hiding from me," said Steven as he
tugged the end of the string. Lynn moaned out loud. The beads had been a
constant source of stimulation for close to two hours now. Steven pulled
gently until he could see just the tip of the first bead pushing open Lynn's
sensitive anus. Lynn's breathing was coming in ragged gasps already. She
hadn't realized how close she was.

"Perhaps you could explain why these are so hard," asked Steven as he
rolled Lynn's oversensitive nipples between his fingers. Lynn's answer was
a gasp and another moan.

"Or maybe you can explain why you're just so wet down here," whispered
Steven as the tip of his finger ran across Lynn's rock hard clitoris.

Lynn cried out at the sensation. Steven smiled. With her in this position, he
could take as long as he wanted but it was obvious that Lynn was close to a
climax.

Leaning down, he let her feel his breath on the wet spread lips of her pussy.

"Oh please." she gasped. "Please."

"Please?" teased Steven. Is there something you'd like?

"Oh please let me come. I'll do anything for you."

Steven smiled. "Anything?" Well since you so nicely offered, I'll hold you
to that."

Without further hesitation, Steven leaned forward and let his tongue run full
up Lynn's soaking wet slit. Lynn's hips strained upward in their bonds at the
touch. When he reached her clit, Steven backed off and started from the
bottom again.

Lynn was sure she was going to tear her body into pieces. What Steven was
doing to her was making her crazy. This time as Steven's tongue reached her
clit, he didn't hold back. He gently sucked the hard button between his lips
and in her favorite move started thrashing his tongue across it in wide
swipes. Lynn's cry seemed torn from her involuntarily as she began to come
in what seemed like the most intense orgasm of her life. Lynn pulled at her
wrists and thighs as she tried to contract every muscle in her body at once.
There was something she had forgotten however.

Just as Lynn's whole body pulled into itself in the crash of her first orgasm,
she felt the tug again of the string that disappeared into her bottom. Steven
was pulling the string! The first bead was pulled just as Lynn hit the peak of
her orgasm. With her body clamping down as hard as she could, the small
bead being pulled from her body made her feel like she was being pulled
inside out.

Lynn hadn't come down from her first orgasm when Steven's tongue
returned to her clit. The second orgasm hit her harder than the first and the
second bead helped pushed her over the edge. The third bead heralded a
third wave as did the fourth. By the time the last bead had been pulled from
her, Lynn was hanging weakly in her bonds. She had never, never
experienced anything like that. As Lynn surfaced from the deep fog she had
fallen into from her orgasm, she felt Steven still between her legs, stroking
her gently.

"Whew," she whispered. That was just amazing.

"It's not quite over yet," said Steven. "Don't you remember promising me
anything?"

"Oh yeah," replied the still bound girl. "And what are you planning to do?"

Lynn felt the tip of Steven's finger at her now very sensitive anus. "Did you
like being filled here all day?"

"Oh man. It was amazing," said Lynn.

Steven smiled. "Well perhaps you should be filled again. I know you'll be
feeling those little beads lots in the future but I was thinking of using
something else on you.

Lynn realized that her overspread position made it ideal for Steven to
penetrate any opening he'd like.

"Take me Steven," whispered the pretty girl. "Take me any way you want!"

Lynn didn't have long to wait.




77 Back in the Corner

Well, here I am, back in the corner. It's a position I know well though I can't
seem to ever get used to it. My nose is pushed as far into the living room
corner as it can go. My bottom, bare of course, is slowly cooling off from
the burning, embarrassing, childish spanking its just received. I'll be here for
a few minutes with nothing but my hot bottom and my thoughts to occupy
me.

You would think I'd be used to it by now. After all, I've been spanked since
I was a boy. I'm sure I was a handful and I no doubt deserved most of the
punishments I received. Dad used to spank me but he left my mom and me
when I was only 7.

Punishments stopped for a while but I turned into something of a terror and
it wasn't long before Mom took up where Dad left off. At least once a week
it seemed I was being pulled over Mom's lap for an "attitude adjustment".

The routine was always the same. Mom would pull down my pants and
underwear in one good, long yank then bend me over her lap. Once I was in
the desired position Mom would make sure I knew why I was being
punished then apply her firm hand until my bottom was red and hot and
usually until I was in tears. Then I shuffled off to the living room corner, my
pants still around my ankles to "think about it".

The pattern was the same time after time until I turned 15. Then everything
changed. Forever.

I guess as with any boy who's been spanked through puberty, my bare
bottomed spankings got more and more embarrassing. I certainly worked
harder to avoid them but still every 2 to 3 weeks I found myself baring,
however briefly, my growing and suddenly hairy genitalia on the way to
bending over my mom's lap. Worse, more often than not, I would be
sporting a raging hardon in plain view of my own mother. No amount of
pleading would have Mom stop baring my bottom. She felt that the
embarrassment was at least as important to the punishment as the application
of her hand.

When I was around 15, the Hendersons next door moved away and Miss
Balsam moved in. Miss Balsam was a very attractive woman close to my
mom's age and lived alone. She and Mom soon became the best of friends.
Miss Balsam was always over at our place or Mom was over there. They
seemed inseparable. It's funny though, after a while Mom's attitude toward
Miss Balsam changed. She seemed overly polite and I don't think I ever
heard her contradict Miss Balsam. It was always "Yes Katherine" or "Of
course Katherine".

Anyway, with all the comings and goings of Miss Balsam and my mom, the
inevitable finally happened. I remember it was summertime and Miss
Balsam and Mom were perched on stools in the kitchen sipping at some
lemonade. I don't remember exactly what I said as I went through the
kitchen but it was certainly not nice and as Mom reacted I know my reply
contained a swear word or two. In retrospect it wasn't very smart.

A heartbeat later Mom had a firm grasp of my ear and was tugging me
towards a kitchen chair. My eyes sprung wide open in horror as I realized
she meant to spank me right in front of Miss Balsam! My panic struck cry of
"Mom!" went completely unheeded as Mom dragged my shorts and
underwear to my knees in one pull. My traitorous cock was, of course, rock
hard and I quickly moved my hands in a vain attempt to cover it.

The spanking was the same as always except that for the first time my
embarrassing punishment was in full view of a non-family member and,
worse, an attractive female non-family member.

When Mom finished tanning my behind and finally let me up, Miss Balsam
got a full view of what I'd been trying to hide as I shuffled off to the corner
rubbing my bottom. I think I remember every second of the fifteen minutes I
spent there, my red naked bottom on display to both women.

Mom and Miss Balsam picked up their conversation as though nothing had
happened although the conversation now turned to corporal discipline.

"I'm happy to see you take him in hand Mary," said Miss Balsam.
"Goodness knows, boys of all ages need firm guidance."

"I guess so," said my Mom.

"Of course so!" said Miss Balsam. "Why, if you ever feel you can't keep up,
I'd be pleased to lend a hand."

"Do you hear that Michael?" asked my mom. "If you give me any more
trouble I'll have Miss Balsam adjust your attitude for you."

The threat must have proved salutary because for almost three weeks I kept
my nose out trouble and out of the corner.

My mom, it seemed, was spending more and more time next door. She was
so deferential to Miss Balsam that sometimes she seemed like a kid herself.

I did pretty well for about three weeks before my mouth finally ran out of
control again. This time it was over homework and I told Mom what I
though she should do with her suggestions of finishing it early. It was one of
those moments when I wished I could have reached out and grabbed the
words to cram them back into my mouth but it was too late.

Mom got real quiet and her eyes narrowed.

"All right Michael, you want to continue to test me? Well you're going to
learn that your actions carry consequences. Come with me."

With a firm grip on my wrist, Mom led me right out the front door and
toward Miss Balsam's despite my increasingly frantic protests.

When I went to pull back, Mom stared me down with a steely gaze.
"Michael, if I don't get your immediate obedience, I swear to God I'll spank
you right here on the front porch!"

I believed her. Sniffling, I followed her over to the house next door. I
figured I was in for a repeat of my last punishment. I wasn't exactly right.

Mom walked straight in without knocking. I mean, she practically lived
there anyway.

Calling for Miss Balsam, she pulled me to the corner of the living room.
With a sharp tug my shorts and underwear were down around my ankles and
a short push at my back was enough to propel me to the corner of another
woman's home.

Though I silently begged it not to happen, my cock reacted to these
circumstances by rising up to achingly hard attention.

Miss Balsam was now in the room too and she and my mom retreated to the
kitchen where they began speaking in tones just below my ability to hear. In
a few short minutes they were heading back into the room to announce my
fate.

My mom came up right behind me. "Well Michael," she said softly. "You're
going to get your wish. Miss Balsam will take care of today's attitude
adjustment."

"Mom!" I implored.

"Mom nothing!" she snapped. "You do exactly as you're told or so help me
your next spanking will be on the porch!"

"Off you go Mary," said Miss Balsam. "I'll send him back when we're
done."

"Yes, Katherine," said my mom and without further ado left me alone for
my first spanking with Miss Balsam.

The room was quiet for a minute or two. I could just feel Miss Balsam's
eyes on my bare bottom.

"All right young man," she started. "Punishments in my house are done my
way. The first thing that we don't do here is to give spankings to half-
dressed boys so get those clothes off right now."

"Everything?" I squeaked. This was worse than I had imagined.

"Everything and be quick about it!"

I wasn't wearing much and it didn't take long before I was buck-naked and
back in the corner. Although it wasn't visible from behind, my cock was still
rock hard and my hands were covering it in front. Miss Balsam, of course,
noticed.

"Clasp those hands on your head," she instructed.

I had never felt so vulnerable.

I heard Miss Balsam leave the room and meander through different parts of
the house. The waiting only served to build the anticipation of what was to
come.

It was perhaps five minutes, perhaps ten when I heard her come back to
where I was waiting.

"All right young man, follow me."

I figured I'd be going to quickly get across Miss Balsam's lap but she was
already on the move through the kitchen and down the few stairs to the den
where she stopped and sat down in an easy chair.

My hands had naturally come back to covering my hardon and Miss Balsam
noticed as soon ash she turned around.

"Get those hands back on your head!" she barked.

I jumped as my hands seemed to fly back up of their own accord.

Miss Balsam looked me up and down, pausing at the sight of my bobbing
cock.

"Step closer," she said firmly and I shuffled forward until I was only inches
from her.

Miss Balsam reached out with her right hand that held, I now saw, a
hairbrush. Using the edge of the brush she pushed at the underside of my
cock then stroked the edge along the length of it from bottom toward the top.
I gasped at the sensation.

"So, I see your being punished arouses you," she said. "Well, perhaps we'll
deal with that later. All right, over my lap then."

Miss Balsam was wearing shorts and a t-shirt and as I bent over, my hard
cock came directly into contact with her warm thighs.

"Lift up Michael," she said.

I lifted my hips as instructed and felt Miss Balsam's hand snake down to
firmly grasp my hard on. In one smooth motion, Miss Balsam's thighs
spread open. Her hand tugged downward, firmly pulling my hard organ
down with it. The thighs clamped together holding me in place by the end of
my now squeezed cock.

I felt one of Miss Balsam's hands on the small of my back, the other resting
on my clenched buttocks.

"Like your mother, I think we'll start with a hand spanking," she said.

The first smack came immediately and in a few moments my bottom was
hot and red as usual. The spanking didn't last long and seemed somewhat
less strict than what I was used to. Of course I didn't realize that this was
just the beginning.

The spanks stopped and I waited to be let up.

"You're not quite done yet, young man," I was told.

What else? I wondered.

I heard the sound of a jar opening then I smelled it as Miss Balsam put the
jar right under my nose.

"Do you know what this is?" she asked.

The smell was telltale. "Vics-vap-o-rub," I replied.

"Indeed it is," Miss Balsam chuckled. "Is your bottom warm?" she asked,
patting my behind.

"Yes," I said.

"Well it's about to be much warmer both inside and out. These pink
buttocks are still clenched. I find that a sign of rebellion and I won't have
you being rebellious with me. Now, point your toes and lay the tops of your
feet on the carpet."

I followed my instructions.

Suddenly I felt both of Miss Balsam's hands at my tender buttocks. To my
horror she spread them wide, wide apart fully stretching and exposing my
crinkled anus. I found I couldn't clench my buttocks at all to prevent the
humiliating exposure. To my surprise, the new position of my feet
effectively removed any ability I had to keep my bottom clenched.

Holding me spread with one hand, I then felt the tip of Miss Balsam's finger
at my most sensitive opening. She tickled me outside momentarily then slide
her long slippery finger deep into my body in one firm motion. She pulled it
out then pushed it all the way back in a slow twisting motion. The sensation
drove my hips down involuntarily pushing my cock deeper between her
thighs.

The finger withdrew leaving me feeling squishy behind. My body was
already a riot of conflicting sensations but Miss Balsam wasn't done with
me yet.

For a moment or two she just held me still then I felt the prickly feeling of
the bristle side of the hairbrush stroking my already sensitive bottom.

"Yes Michael, it's my brush and in a moment you're going to make its
acquaintance."

It was a another moment or two before I realized what we were waiting for
and I moaned as I did.

What had started as a squishy then tickling sensation deep in my rectum and
in the ring of my anus was now becoming uncomfortably warm. The Vics
which would have normally warmed my chest to treat a cold was having a
much more pronounced effect as a lubricant.

At the first sign of my involuntary squirming, Miss Balsam stopped stroking
me with the bristle side of the brush and turned it over to finish warming me
on the outside. The hairbrush spanking was fast and furious and almost
instantly had me in tears. I was quivering when a couple of minutes later it
stopped.

Miss Balsam held me, stroking my back and buttocks with her hand until my
crying settled down to sniffles.

"Your spanking is over Michael but when you're punished by me, some
embarrassment will go with the lesson to make sure you remember it."

At that I felt my hot buttocks spread again and a new touch at the hot circle
of my anus. I realized right away what it was as it pushed past my sphincter
muscle. The rounded handle of the hairbrush slid deep into me until I could
feel the bristles against my bottom.

"Back in the corner young man, and get those hands back onto your head."

With the brush stuck ridiculously from my behind and my cock still stuck
straight out in front, I shuffled forward to the designated corner to wait
another ten minutes with my bottom on fire outside and smoldering inside.

I had pretty much calmed down when I was told to turn around and
approach Miss Balsam again at her easy chair.

This time she was holding a ruler in her hand and for a moment I thought I
was to be spanked again.

Miss Balsam reached out with the ruler and tap lightly at my stiff cock. It
bobbed crazily at the sensation. My hands were still locked on top of my
head and I stared stupidly as the edge ruler now moved to scrape along the
bottom of my cock from top to bottom.

"Hmm, still aroused are you?" she chuckled. Very well, you may relieve
yourself."

My eyes were wide. Surely I couldn't have understood her properly.

"Go on, pull on it," I was told firmly.

I still couldn't believe it. Miss Balsam's eyes raised to mine. "Now," She
said.

In a daze I lowered my hand to my cock and gave it a tentative squeeze. It
didn't take long. I was so worked up that a few short strokes later my body
clenched up to start an orgasm. The hairbrush handle still buried deep in me
held firm against my spasming anus as I cried out and watched my cock
spurt over and over onto the hardwood floor.

Miss Balsam smiled at me. "You can clean that up in a moment. All right,
back over my lap."

Again, I put myself over her warm thighs wondering if I'd again be in for
more punishment. Almost immediately I felt Miss Balsam's touch on the
end of the brush still lodged deep in my bottom. It was twisted then teased in
and out for a few moments before being completely removed. I felt twinges
from my just-spent cock at the sensation. My bottom was still burning hot
inside and I was grateful for the next touch of Miss Balsam's fingers
covered in cold cream as she once again deeply lubricated me. This time the
cold cream had a soothing sensation. My cock rose harder at the sensation.

It was over quicker than I'd thought and with my cock once again hard, Miss
Balsam had me stand again. Without asking my hands went back to the top
of my head causing a small smile from my tormentor.

"Back in the corner for another few minutes Michael," she said.

Dutifully I shuffled back into the corner, my engorged member at attention
as I heard Miss Balsam leave the room.

My bottom was down to a dull, deep warmth when she re-entered the room
and had me dress and leave.

It was my first spanking by Miss Balsam but by no means my last. From
then on my mom would bring me over to Miss Balsam's on a regular basis.
Sometimes she'd stay and watch me be punished and teased, sometimes I'd
be left on my own. On a couple of occasions I'd find other women at Miss
Balsam's. To my intense embarrassment they would be permitted to view
my punishment in its entirety.

The routine varied from time to time but it always included me stripping
completely and always included my bottom ending up hot both inside and
out. You think I'd get used to the feel of that brush sticking out of my
bottom but I never did. It was always an erotic, scary experience. I did get
used to going into Miss Balsam's and immediately stripping completely and
going to the living room corner to stand with my hands on my head. It was
what was expected of me. I still remember the first time Miss Balsam's hand
touched my always-erect cock and assisted me to my completion.

There are a few moments that stand out firmly in my mind of punishments
that would come. The first is when I arrived to the living room to find a
young woman about my age in one of the corners. I was stunned. She was
completely naked and facing one of the corners. She was very attractive at
least from behind. Her bottom was red from what was obviously a recent
spanking and, just like me, she had the famous hairbrush sticking out from
her perfectly rounded bottom. So that's what it looks like I though to myself.

For a moment I froze, not knowing what to do. Then, I figured that obeying
my instructions was probably the best course. I quietly stripped and put
myself into the corner. Miss Balsam's entered a few moments later.

"Come here Sara," she said.

I listened as the young lady shuffled over. I heard Sara bending over Miss
Balsam's lap and heard her gasp then moan as she was teased and
manipulated much as I was. The cry of her orgasm must have been
embarrassing for her.

As I was called over to that same lap a few moments later, Sara was back in
the corner. She stayed there through my entire punishment, making it one of
the more embarrassing one of my life.

I saw Sara several times over the next year in that same position. I would
find out much more about her than I had ever counted on.

The other moment that stands out firmly in my mind was a glimpse only but
validated what I had expected for a long time. Miss Balsam had been over at
our house while I was at school. When I came home, she was just leaving
and smiled at me as I entered.

I went right up to my room to change into something more comfortable and
as I did so, I was stunned to catch sight of my mother in her bedroom. She
was standing, naked in the corner of her room, nose in the corner and, like
she had often seen me, with a hot and red bottom. Her own hairbrush was
clearly visible sticking from between her buttocks.

I stared, fascinated for a moment, but there was really nothing that I could
do. I went to my room and changed. When I came out, her door was closed.
We never spoke of the incident.

About a year after I first met Sara, I finally met her in a social setting. Miss
Balsam invited Mom and me over for supper. Sara was there and for the
longest while I couldn't look her in the eye. She turned out to be Miss
Balsam's niece. It turned out that my mom and Miss Balsam were working
on being matchmakers. They figured Sara and I would be a good match. I
didn't realize how right they were until Sara and my first date.

We ended up back at her place and before I knew exactly what I was getting
into, I found myself naked and standing in the corner of her room! She had
learned well from her aunt and then some. We've been together ever since.

Sara has her own style and expects me to perform for her once I've had my
attitude adjusted. She's taken great delight in trying all kinds of methods of
doing so. From time to time she even demonstrates for my mom and her
aunt. I find those moments the most embarrassing.

One thing that almost never changes and that it how I'm expected to wait for
her ministrations once my warm up spanking is complete. It's how I'm
waiting right now, in the corner with the long handle of her hairbrush buried
deep in my bottom. She says I'm in for a special treat tonight. I can hardly
wait.




78 Camping Trip

It had sounded like a great idea, a long weekend of camping in Canada's
Algonquin Park. While it was quite a drive and not Karen's first overnight
camping trip, it was her first trip with the new friends she'd met since she
and her family had moved here.

It had taken a little time for the shy 17 year-old to settle in with the new
crowd at her high school. Having Bobby ask her out had changed all that.
Bobby was one of the more popular guys at school and as soon as Bobby
had taken an interest, Karen had found herself hanging with the "in" crowd
during and after school.

Being popular was not unknown territory for Karen. She was stunningly
attractive. A mix of Midwestern American and Mexican blood had resulted
in a dark, sultry look. Karen's hair was brunette and her eyes a liquid hazel.
Her skin was dark enough for her to look perpetually tanned.

As an active athlete, Karen's body was firm and tanned. Her still-growing
breasts were a firm and rounded B-cup. Her long legs showed the firm
muscles of a distance runner. It was a look Bobby found irresistible.

Going out with Bobby had turned out to be a surprisingly wonderful
experience. While not completely sexually inexperienced (she was, after all
on the pill), Karen was happy that Bobby seemed patient about going "all
the way". Certainly he wasn't running into any resistance. There was
something about Bobby's quiet, confident manner and touch that turned
Karen on like a light switch. When Bobby had told Karen about the
wilderness canoe trip, he had hinted that it would be a perfect opportunity to
do "whatever they wanted".

Karen's Mom and Dad had put up a surprisingly token resistance. Karen
figured being only two months away from her 18th birthday was a big factor.
Bobby's confidence had won them over too. The trip would be with a party
of six - three girls and three guys. They would be starting and finishing from
the Long Lake ranger station. According to Bobby, they would be out of
sight and touch with civilization within minutes of starting their trip. It was
an area the group knew very well from previous trips.

The week before going had been a hectic race of getting ready. Karen and he
two co-voyager girlfriends had gotten together throughout the week to make
sure they had everything.

Barb and Susan had taken Karen under their wing to make sure she would
be able to find everything she needed. On Thursday night, the evening
before leaving, attention had turned to bathing suits. Susan had come across
Karen's rather worn Speedo while packing.

"C'mon, we've got to get you a new suit!" exclaimed the pretty blond.
"Unless, of course, you're planning on not turning Bobby on at every chance
you get." Susan gave Karen a wicked look that told Karen that she knew
exactly what might happen this weekend. "C'mon. I could use a new suit
too."

An hour later the two teens dashed into the local Mall's Bikini Village.
Susan headed over to her familiar one-piece territory but Susan wouldn't
hear of it.

"You've got a great body girl! Time to show it off."

Susan grabbed Karen by the arm and dragged her through the more
revealing suits starting with the skimpiest of bikinis. With several choices
under her arm, Susan pulled her friend right into the changing room and
started peeling off clothes.

"Don't dawdle," she said.

Karen reluctantly started following suit. To her surprise Susan stripped
completely naked!

"Hey," whispered Karen. "We're supposed to leave our underwear on."

"So what?" replied Susan giggling. "Besides, I almost never wear any."

As Susan straightened up, Karen got another shock. Susan's public hair was-
-gone! She was completely bare down there just as though she was 10 years
old.

Karen averted her eyes and started stripping herself. When she got down to
her bra and panties she hesitated. Susan, now half-dressed in the bottom of
an outrageous thong bikini caught her eye and gave her a look as if to say
'You're not chicken are you?' Closing her eyes, Karen pulled her panties
down and reached back for the claps of her bra.

Karen always removed her bra last. It wasn't that she had small breasts, they
were just fine. But she had inherited one thing from her mother that
embarrassed her. Her nipples were huge. They were the biggest of any she
had ever seen. Dark brown, like her mother's, they were at least 3/4 of an
inch long and almost an inch thick. Even when soft they protruded and were
almost never soft. It was to keep them covered that Karen virtually always
wore a bra. Susan's eyes widened a bit as they came into view.

"You sure are pretty," she said. Then, pointing at Karen's nipples she said,
"I'll bet Bobby loves those."

Karen blushed and raised her hands in a vain attempt to cover the erect
buttons.

Susan's eye lowered somewhat to Karen's neatly trimmed bush. "I can give
you a hint though," she said. "If you want to really capture Bobby's
attention, I'd think about shaving it bare. That's how Bobby likes it, I
promise. If you disappear that muff, you'll go a long way to turning him into
a red-hot pistol."

"I-I-I'll think about it" was the best Karen could come up with but the
thought stuck in her mind.

The girls went through several swimsuits before making their selections.

Susan went with a string bikini that was tight enough to split and outline her
shaved pussy mound. Karen was sure it would also become almost
transparent when wet.

Karen ended up with a more conservative no-strap black suit that her firm
breasts would have to hold up. While still a one-piece, it was the most
daring bathing suit Karen had ever worn. There were large cut-outs on the
sides and a transparent mesh panel both front and back that left her back
virtually bare to the top of the crack in her bottom. The suit was also so
high-cut that Karen would have to raise her bikini line with a razor that
night.

Once safely back home and with Susan home finishing her own packing,
Karen leisurely finished storing what else she needed in her backpack and
settled into a hot bath, her last for the next 3 days. She was soaked,
shampooed and relaxed before Karen finally turned her attention to her
bikini line.

Idly playing with her curly brown muff, Karen found herself getting turned
on. She thought of Bobby and how he had unresistingly held her wrists over
her head last weekend with one hand while the other hand had gently opened
her blouse and unclasped her front-closing bra (she had worn it with just this
opportunity in mind). Karen closed her eyes and stretched her hands up
above her in the bathtub. Gliding one hand down she grasped one of her
thick nipples in one hand and rolled it, just as Bobby had done. Like her
boyfriend, Karen pinched the nipple suddenly and gasped as the memory of
the sensation and the sensation itself seemed to blur together.

Karen opened her eyes and, with a visible effort, removed her fingers. She
didn't dare slide them lower. She knew already her fingers would find a
slippery, welcoming slit.

"Whew! Better save that for the weekend," Karen murmured to herself.
Taking her razor, she back to carefully trim back her curly brown patch of
hair on both sides to make sure nothing would poke out from the new
swimsuit. Working slowly to make sure she wouldn't nick herself, Karen
narrowed the covering to a two-inch wide strip. Karen tugged at the remains
thoughtfully.

'Aw - what the hell,' she thought. With an impetuous swipe, Karen slid the
razor right through the center of the hair that was left. She had already taken
care of the hair on her lower lips but it still took several more minutes of
concentration before Karen put the razor down. Her pubis was now as bare
as the day she was born. Karen could clearly see her two puffy lips for the
first time in almost eight years. She didn't realize that she would not cover
her pussy with hair again for almost another 25 years. It was sexier, Karen
decided as she got out of the bath and got ready for bed.

Morning came all too quickly and Karen was anxious to get her trip
underway. Still, there was a whole day of school ahead of her before the
drive to the park that evening. Pulling on her panties, Karen felt the
strangeness of her new "bare" look. With her short denim skirt on she
looked in the mirror just like normal. Underneath though, she felt more than
naked. She wondered if anyone would notice.

Every step at school seemed to accentuate the exposing feeling but no one
seemed to notice anything.

"So, all packed?"

Karen jumped. She hadn't seen Susan come up behind her.

"Yeah, I'm all ready and, you know what else?"

Susan shook her head.

"I did it last night, just like you said."

Susan looked confused for a moment until Karen pantomimed shaving her
face. Understanding swept across Susan's face leaving her with a wicked
grin. "Everything?"

"Everything! Just like you," Karen whispered. Her pussy seemed to tingle as
she confessed. It was as though it knew it was being talked about.

"Bobby's going to flip!" said Susan.

"Hope so!" said Karen over her shoulder as she headed off to class. 'I'll see
you at 3:00."

The day passed in a blur. Finally the time to leave had come. With her five
friends packed into the jeep and their gear in the back, the troop headed
north. Canoes would be rented at the park. It was a four-hour drive and the
group checked into the park almost on time at 7:15pm.

Arrangements for canoes and gear had been made weeks in advance. After
collecting everything they needed for an early-morning start, the 6 teens set
up tents nearby in the designated campground amongst the many over-night
campers. It didn't take long to set-up the three tents and a short while later
the group was sitting by a campfire sipping hot chocolate and making plans
for the morning.

It was close to midnight when the 3 couples split off to get some rest for the
morning. Karen was nervous. It was the first time she had ever slept with a
boy and she wasn't sure exactly how things were supposed to go. Bobby
quickly stripped down to his skivvies and slipped into his sleeping bag.
Propping himself up on one elbow, he watched as Karen slowly took off her
running shoes and socks. Turning her back on her boyfriend, Karen reached
down and pulled off her shorts. Reaching under her T-shirt, she unclipped
her bra and pulled it through her sleeves. Then, in her panties and T-shirt,
she too slipped into her sleeping bag to await what might come next.

Bobby smiled. "Give me your hands," he said.

Looking curiously, Karen held out her hands. Bobby turned and opened a
zipper of his knapsack. Karen's eyes widened as he pulled out a coil of
cotton rope. Without speaking, Bobby gently wound the rope around
Karen's outstretched wrists then tied them together. Karen let Bobby pull
her hands above her head to tie them to the base of the tent pole.

Karen was covered both by her sleeping bag and her T-shirt yet she had
never felt more exposed. Bobby leaned over now to give her a long warm
and wet kiss. It seemed to go on forever. It made her so hot that Karen
moaned.

Bobby fingers reached to the zipper of Karen's sleeping bag. A few short
moments later Karen was covered only by her T-shirt. Bobby pulled up,
sitting beside the helpless girl. Karen was squirming with the heat she was
feeling all through her body. Bobby reached down and grabbed the hem of
Karen's T-shirt. Pulling slowly, he gradually lifted it higher and higher.
Karen, of course could do nothing; not that she wanted to. She closed her
eyes and felt the edge of her shirt now touch the bottom of her breasts.
Bobby dragged the edge over her nipples as he exposed her chest completely
to his gaze. Karen knew her nipples must be hard. They were aching.

Karen kept her eyes closed. She holding her breath, waiting. First she felt
the whisper of his warm breath. It was just over her left nipple. 'Oh God,'
she thought just as Bobby's mouth descended to suck her nipple deep into
his hot mouth. Karen thought she'd pass out at the sensation as a small cry
tore past her lips.

Bobby's mouth pulled up. Karen's nipple made a popping sound as he
pulled too far for it to stretch. Karen sucked in air in a gasp.

Now Bobby took a nipple in each hand. Karen could feel him rolling them.
In one firm motion, he squeezed and pulled. Karen gasped again as her
backed arched up trying to follow her nipples. Bobby held them, fully
extended for a long moment as Karen opened her eyes then he let her down.

"Oh please Bobby," said Karen in a throaty whisper.

"Please? Please what?" he asked smiling. His fingers never left her nipples.
They were teasing, stroking, rolling constantly.

"Please... do anything."

Bobby smiled at her. "Anything?"

"Oh God, Yes!" said Karen.

Bobby lay back down, propped again on one elbow.

"Pretty hot huh?" he asked. Bobby's left hand traced little lines up and
across Karen's breasts.

"Uh huh," moaned Karen.

"And do you like this?" he asked, tracing little patterns around Karen's
bound wrists.

Karen nodded. She hadn't thought it would make any difference but it did.
Being helpless and in Bobby's control had turned her young body on like
never before.

"I love it," she said honestly.

"Good," he smiled.

'Now.' Karen thought. Now it would happen. After all, she was completely
helpless. Now surely he'd pull down her panties and make love to her.

No one could be more surprised than she when Bobby gently pulled her T-
shirt back down and even more surprised when he pulled her sleeping bag
back up to cover her completely.

"Don't you want to, you know, do it?" asked Karen.

"Oh yes, you have no idea how much, but not now. I'm waiting until
tomorrow night. Can I tie you up tomorrow again? I promise it'll be hottest
night you've ever had! Tomorrow I'll do 'anything' to you, just like you
asked."

"Sure," said Karen. "It makes me hot. Are you going to untie me now?"

"Only when I'm ready," said Bobby softly.

"Ok," said Karen.

Karen closed her eyes and, for the first time, fell asleep with her wrists
bound. It would not be the last.

The early morning sun was streaming into the tent when Karen awoke. Her
wrists were no longer tied. 'Did I dream it?' wondered Karen. Checking her
wrists she found she had not. The marks of the ropes still showed where they
had held her overnight.

"Hey sleepy head, it's time to rise and shine." It was Susan. Pull on your
bathing suit and some shorts. It's time for breakfast."

Karen got dressed quickly in her new swimsuit and her cut-offs and poked
her head outside. The weather was perfect. Everyone else was up already
and the smell of bacon and eggs was already coming from the Coleman
stove.

Everyone was anxious to get onto the water so breakfast and striking camp
was a quick affair. After a last trip to the restrooms to enjoy a final
acquaintance with running water, the group was ready.

Virtually everyone was an experienced canoeist and the group made good
time up Long Lake. As promised all signs of civilization disappeared within
ten minutes of leaving the ranger station. Given the vastness of this
Canadian park, it was unsurprising that the group would not meet another
traveler until they returned.

The scenery was spectacular and Karen, like the others, thoroughly enjoyed
herself. To her surprise, Barbara quickly doffed her bikini top followed
closely by Susan. Karen was envious at how easy it seemed to them. She
just couldn't seem to do it. Baring herself for Bobby was one thing. That
was hard enough. But out here? In front of everybody? Karen didn't think
she'd ever been able to do that.

Lunch was beside a beautiful waterfall that was part of an extended series of
rock pools. Everyone ended up swimming and cooling off from the
increasing heat. The canoes were portaged around the falls and the afternoon
found them on an even more secluded lake.

The group pulled up to an island in mid-afternoon.

The island was a good size and each of the three couples headed to a
different site to set up camp.

Karen was delighted. Now she had Bobby all to herself. Maybe even she
could go topless, she thought.

With the tents pitched and everything stowed away, the group reconvened
for a late afternoon dinner in a clearing near the center of the island.

"We're off for some private time," said Bobby after everything was cleared
away. "Remember, don't call us, we'll call you."

Everyone chuckled.

"Have a great evening you two lovebirds," called Susan as they got up to
leave.

Karen blushed as Bobby led her by the hand back to their part of the island.

As they got back to their clearing, bobby asked Karen if she had to go to the
bathroom. Karen shook her head.

"Remember what I asked you last night?" he asked.

"About being tied up again?" Karen blushed again as she remembered the
evening before. Just the memory made her feel hot and squishy.

"Uh huh. Are you ready now?" asked Bobby.

"Right now?"

"Right now." Bobby wrapped his hands around Karen from behind in a big
bear hug and blew softly on her long exposed neck.

"Ok", she whispered.

Bobby turned and pulled a large bundle of rope from his pack. Taking one of
Karen's hands in his, Bobby gently wrapped the end of the rope around her
wrist. Bobby started a second length of rope around Karen's other hand.
Now with both hands individually bound Karen looked questioningly at her
boyfriend. Bobby smiled.

Taking first the end of the rope attached to her left hand, Bobby pulled the
rope up and through a fork in a tree that was about eight feet in the air.
Bobby tied the rope loosely. Now taking the rope on her right wrist, Bobby
threw the end through a fork in the tree to her right. Karen couldn't help but
wonder at the perfect placement of these trees. Bobby must have known
exactly what he had planned. The trees were perhaps six feet apart and had
matching forks at just the right height.

With the ropes now firmly tied, Karen's arms were pulled up and wide apart.
The position was not uncomfortable but Karen was definitely helpless. She
pulled at the ropes, testing them to no avail. They were strong and
unyielding. Karen felt a shiver run through her. It was a definite turn on.

Karen looked around. Bobby was back at his knapsack. With her arms
stretched up, the top of her bathing suit slipped a bit. As she had all day,
Karen reached down to tug it up. It was, by now, just a reflex. The ropes, of
course, held firm. Karen realized in a heartbeat just how helpless she was.
'Oh well,' she thought, 'I probably won't have my bathing suit up much
longer.'

Bobby was back in front of her.

"Comfortable?"

Karen nodded.

Bobby reached up with a sleeping mask, the kind people sometimes use on
planes when they're trying to shut out the light.

"I'm going to cover your eyes," he said.

Karen's eyes went wide but she didn't say anything as Bobby carefully
adjusted the blindfold over her eyes.

Karen could feel the late afternoon sun but she could no longer see it.

Now she felt Bobby's hand, sliding up her long legs, cupping and squeezing
her bottom, sliding along her outstretched arms to her sides. Karen could
feel her heat rise from the simmer it had been on all day to a low boil in an
instant.

Her moan was involuntary.

"Now, now, we can't have you making too much noise." Bobby chuckled.
Karen heard him rustling around then sensed him right in front of her again.
His lips were warm and soft as he kissed her sensuously on the mouth.
Karen let her body lean into his as she opened her mouth to kiss him fully.
Their tongues danced against each other for a moment before Bobby pulled
back. Karen leaned her head forward, unable to see but seeking his mouth
again.

Bobby's fingers caressed her cheek. Karen felt his thumb on her lower lip
and let him pull it down, opening her mouth again. Softly, silkily, he slid his
thumb deeper into her mouth.

"Suck," he whispered.

Karen did. It was one of the hottest sensations she had ever had. She licked
and sucked and moaned just as if she was giving her boyfriend a blow job.
Bobby finally pulled his thumb from her mouth.

"Good Girl," he said caressing her cheek again. "Now open wide."

Karen opened her mouth as wide as she could. Bobby reached up and Karen
felt something rubbery being pushed inside her mouth. The rubber ball filled
her mouth completely. Karen went to bite down on it and found she now
could not completely close her jaw. She went to speak, to ask Bobby what
he was doing but the only sound that came out was a muffled "Mmmph!" A
soft leather strap around the back of her head held the ball in place.

"Shhhh," said Bobby. "It'll just keep you from making too much noise. Now
Bobby's tongue explored further. He licked her neck then one earlobe.
Karen twisted but Bobby's found first one ear then the other. Karen squealed
into the rubber ball as his tongue made contact there. The sensation was like
throwing an electric current into her pussy. She was instantly soaked.

Bobby's fingers again traced her outstretched arms from her bound wrists,
down her underarm to her sides. Karen's squirming had helped her swimsuit
to slip to the tops of her nipples and now, finally, Bobby helped it some
more. Bobby dragged the elasticized top downward across Karen's over-
erect dark brown nipples, then further, leaving her exposed all the way to her
belly button. Bobby's hands traced down to her nipples now, tweaking them
simultaneously. Karen was so hot she was sure she'd have an orgasm right
now and that just from his teasing her nipples!

The hands roamed lower. Karen could feel Bobby untying her Reeboks.
Gently he lifted first one foot then the other, leaving her barefoot on the soft
earth. Strangely, the sensation of being barefoot made Karen feel even more
naked than being bare-breasted. The invisible hands were at her waist now,
undoing her cut-offs. A moment later, they were in a puddle at Karen's feet.

'This is it,' thought Karen. 'Now he's going to see everything.' Bobby's
fingers grasped the top of Karen's swimsuit and began tugging it down, an
inch at a time. The anticipation was too much for young girl. As the suit
uncovered her last secret, a new bare pubis, Karen could feel Bobby's breath
blowing on it. Karen pushed her hips forward, desperate to feel his touch on
a very hot, soaking wet pussy. Her bathing suit joined her shorts in a puddle
around her feet and again Bobby lifted first one foot then the next to remove
them.

Karen was now completely bare and completely helpless. She sensed Bobby
standing in front of her.

"I love it that you did this for me," he whispered as one hand slide down to
cup Karen's silky smooth mound. "You're wet." Bobby's middle finger was
now splitting Karen's engorged lower lips. It was slick with her juices.
"Does this make you hot?"

"MM Hmmm," she moaned.

"Are you ready to keep your promise and do anything for me?" he asked.

Karen nodded again. Bobby's fingers were now toying with her rock-hard
nipples again.

"Every part of you will be teased, stimulated. Do you understand?"

Karen nodded. She sure hoped so.

"It's going to be the hottest night of your life," he whispered.

Karen could feel and hear him moving again. Back to the tent? To his
knapsack? What else was in that damn knapsack?

It was a couple of minutes later before she felt his touch again. This time it
was at her ankle. More rope wound itself around her ankle and was then tied
to the side. The other ankle was next. Karen could easily imagine her new
position. With her arms and legs both spread wide she was like an offering
to the Gods. She imagined for a moment someone canoeing by and seeing
her and realized in surprise that the thought turned her on!

Bobby's touch returned. This time Karen could smell the unmistakable scent
of baby oil just before Bobby starting rubbing it onto her. He started at her
arms and worked downward. He paid special attention to her thick sensitive
nipples before moving lower. Karen's pussy scarcely needed lubrication but
even her puffy lower lips were covered in the slippery oil.

When he had finished her front, Bobby moved behind her. Her covered her
shoulders and back generously then moved to her bottom. Karen felt
Bobby's oil covered hand reach right between her legs from behind until it
was resting on her belly. With his middle finger pushing harder than the
others he pulled downward across Karen's sensitive clit, through her soaked
pussy lips and up between her buttocks, he middle finger running right
across her anus as he did so.

Karen squeaked softly at the sensations and again as he did it a second time.
The third time, Bobby paused with the tip of his very slippery finger right
over the crinkled opening of Karen's anus.

Karen felt Bobby's face near her ear. "Do you like being played with here?"

Bobby wiggled the tip of his finger against her anus. Karen gasped through
her nose. 'How did he know?!' Karen had been playing with her bottom
since she first played 'Doctor' at the age of eight. It was one of the things
she loved most about playing with herself. Karen was one of the only people
she knew who liked having her temperature taken rectally as a child and had
discovered many other objects to push in there also. Small carrots,
candlesticks, or her favorite, a hairbrush handle, had all seen time in her
rectum while she brought herself to orgasm. Now, how could Bobby had
possibly known that? Karen could feel the heat of a blush start in the roots of
her hair and flush downward past her face to the top of her chest.

"Well?" Bobby whispered.

Karen nodded her head then let it hang down, embarrassed.

"Good. It's going to be played with tonight."

Bobby finished covering the young teen in oil then stepped back. It was
obvious Karen was turned on. She couldn't stand still. Constantly squirming
in her bonds, she was stretching, looking to be touched. 'Well,' thought
Bobby. 'She's going to have no shortage of that tonight!'

Bobby leaned forward to put his lips near Karen's ear again. "Are you ready
now?"

Karen nodded. If she got anymore ready, she'd explode right here.

"Good," said Bobby. "Then I want you to be very quiet and listen and feel
what's happening around you."

Bobby stepped back several feet then knelt down.

Karen frowned under her blindfold. 'What did he mean?' She was ready
now! The sounds of the trees and the gentle breeze took up all of her
hearing. Where was Bobby? Each moment that passed raised her
anticipation further. What would he do to her body? Where would he touch
her next?

Karen held her breath, listening. The crack of a twig made her swivel her
head. Was he to her left? She listened again. A slight rustle made her turn
her head again. Was he in front of her? Karen felt his warm breath an instant
before his hot wet tongue touched the tip of her left nipple. "MMMmmm"
she moaned. It felt so good. The tongue swirled around the long brown
nubbin then it sucked the nipple in, delicately, warmly the nipple was
alternately sucked in hard then soft in a soft rhythm leaving Karen feeling
like her nipple was fucking his mouth.

Suddenly a second tongue touched Karen's right nipple. "MMpph!" she
exclaimed but, of course, no words came out. 'Who was that!?' thought
Karen but then the second mouth sucked her nipple right in and started
pumping it.

Karen's head was a jumble of sensations and thoughts. She couldn't keep
them all straight. The first mouth left her left nipple and was replaced by a
soft hand.

Now Karen felt a warm breath on the soaking wet lips of her pussy. The hot
tongue that had just left her nipple slid in a long slow lick up Karen's
smooth pussy. It effortlessly parted the puffy lips to swipe deeply into
Karen's molten juices. At the top of its voyage the tip found Karen's
engorged and under-attended to clitoris. It had been so erect that it was
almost fully uncovered by its habitual protective hood.

The tongue took another long languorous swipe and when it found Karen's
clit again Karen felt the hot mouth suck it right in. Her squeal was
involuntary. She was a millimeter from coming right there.

Karen felt the second mouth leave her nipple and rise up to come close to
her ear.

"Like that?" It was Susan! "Barb loves sucking a girl's clit. She does such a
good job at it too."

Karen's eyes opened wide under the blindfold. Susan and Barb! The mouth
holding her clit hostage was suddenly in motion. Barb's tongue thrashed
back and forth across Karen's erect clit.

Susan's fingers grasped each of Karen's nipples and started rolling them.
But it was Susan's tongue dipping into Karen's ear that set her off. Karen
squealed into her gag and pulled at the ropes with all her might as her body
tried to turn itself inside out. Just as she started to calm down, Barb's still-
licking tongue started first one aftershock, then another. It was the most
powerful and explosive orgasm Karen had ever had, and at the hands of two
girls too!

As Karen's consciousness swam back to the land of the living, she realized
that Barb was still between her legs but now gently lapping Karen's still
puffy outer lips. Susan was standing right beside Karen straddling one of her
bound legs. Karen realized with a shock that Susan was naked too! She
could feel Susan's warm full breasts pressed to her side and the feeling of
Susan's smooth pussy was pushed against Karen's upper thigh.

"Hey, that's just the warm up," whispered Susan. "Now, if you promise not
to talk, not to say anything, I can take off that gag."

Karen nodded.

Susan's hands left Karen's still-hard nipples and reached behind her head to
release the strap. As she pulled the ball from Karen's open mouth, Susan
leaned forward to cover it with her own. Karen pulled back for a moment
then gave in. Susan's tongue found hers and in a moment, Karen was
pushing back in the hottest kiss she'd ever had. The sensations between her
legs added an intensity Karen could have never imagined.

It seemed to go on forever but finally Susan pulled back.

"Ready for more?" It was Bobby, murmuring into Karen's ear again. She
hadn't forgotten him.

"Oh God yes!" said Karen.

Susan pulled away from Karen's right leg. Karen could feel that her leg was
wet. 'Was that the oil or was Susan soaking wet too?' wondered Karen.

Barb got up now and a moment later Karen felt both her friends back at her
breasts. One set of delicate fingers rolled Karen's right nipple, pulling and
squeezing until, Karen thought, if it got any hotter it would burst. Now more
fingers pulled something over the nipple. 'An elastic?' Karen thought.

Whatever it was, it circled the base of the overlong, over-thick dark nipple
and squeezed it firmly. A moment later Karen felt it being pulled forward.
The doubled elastic had been tied in advance to a long string. Bobby held
the string firmly in one hand. Karen felt the nipple being tugged up and
outward as Bobby tied the end of the string to a branch several feet ahead of
the bound teen.

The left nipple was soon in a similar predicament, leaving Karen's B-sized
breasts pulled into soft cones by their tips.

Karen felt even more helpless than before as she sensed everyone moving
again. Someone was back kneeling between her legs, Barb, Karen guessed
by the questing tongue that lapped again at her wetness. The constant
stimulation of Karen's nipples was having a devastating effect. Karen could
feel herself starting to bubble again. She could feel Barb's hands reach
around her legs from the front and hold onto her rounded bottom.

Suddenly, softly yet firmly, Barb pulled Karen's buttocks wide open and
held her that way, completely exposed from behind. Karen could feel the
breeze waft across her crinkled oiled anus.

The tip of a warm finger touched it, circling the crinkled opening. Karen
held her breath. The finger was obviously very slippery and a moment after
it slid inside, at first just the tip. It was Susan's finger. Karen was sure of it.
Now in a slow twisting push, the long delicate finger penetrated as far as it
could, spreading the slippery lubricant that covered it over the walls of
Karen's rectum and her tight anal opening.

The finger withdrew only to enter again. This time more firmly, driving
deep into Karen's body. Karen went to push back on the finger but the
elastic restraints on her sensitive nipples pulled forward, adding to the
sensations. She couldn't help but gasp.

Now the touch at Karen's bottom was different. 'What was that!', she
wondered.

The first firm push answered her question as a mid-sized bead pushed past
he sphincter and into her body.

Barb had found her clit again and Karen didn't know whether to push
forward or backward to the riot of sensations attacking her body.

Susan's finger drove the bead deep and then started pushing the next bead
on the string past Susan's anal muscles.

Karen could feel herself teetering closer and closer to an orgasm. Even if she
wanted to speak she couldn't have now. Her breath was coming in ragged
gasps, her moans now more like sobs as the sixth bead was pushed deep up
inside her body.

Suddenly it all stopped!

Barb pulled away. Susan's hands pulled back. Karen could sense Barb and
Susan moving back to either side where they had started and now someone
else was right in front of her.

Bobby's fingers pulled the blindfold up and off, leaving Karen looking at
him and the orange and yellow and red and purple sunset behind him.

"Hey. Remember me?" he smiled.

Over Bobby's shoulder Ken and Paul were both standing, looking. Ken was
holding a video camera, Paul had a regular camera but Karen was past
caring.

Bobby leaned forward and Karen could feel his hardness against her belly.
He was completely naked.

Both girls leaned down to pull the elastics from Karen's nipples and each
sucked one right into their mouths as Bobby flexed his knees and brought
the swollen head of his cock to her soaking and spread open lips.

"Oh please do it!" Karen moaned.

Bobby obliged, thrusting upwards to fill her pussy to its depths with his
organ.

Karen knew it would not take long as Bobby began pumping into her. The
sensations at her nipples, her pussy and, indeed all over her body were too
much to hold together. Karen cried out as she began to climax in a major
way for the 2nd time that day. As she did so, Susan delivered her last surprise
of the day by pulling down on the string that disappeared into Karen's
bottom.

The sensation of the first bead pulling past her spasming anus sent Karen
completely over the edge. Every muscle in her body seemed to spasm at
once. Bobby felt her clamp down hard on his cock and it was enough to send
him over the edge too. Crying out himself, he thrust hard into Karen as he
began to spurt deep insider her body.

Susan had gotten to the second bead and then quickly the third. Each
rounded invader was pulled past over-stimulated nerve endings and muscles
desperate to clamp down on anything. When the last bead feel free and
Susan and Barb stood, Karen was hanging limply in her bonds, partly held
up by Bobby who didn't look too steady on his feet himself.

Everyone jumped to the ropes and in a moment Karen was in Bobby's arms
as he carried her to their tent.

It took only a few more moments to lay her in the sleeping bags which
Bobby had zipped together to make one large bag.

The two naked teens were soon curled up against each other, basking in the
after-glow of what had been the most spectacular climax either of them had
ever experienced.

"My God Bobby," murmured Karen into his shoulder. That was incredible.
I've never felt anything like it and I doubt I ever will again."

"Oh I don't know," chuckled Bobby. "Tomorrow night we thought we'd tie
Susan up."

Karen could hardly wait.




79 Lira's Story aka Police Lineup

I was sitting in my living room reading a magazine, when I was startled by
the ringing of the phone. I reached over and picked it up. "Hello" I said. I
heard the voice of my master on the other end saying, " Hi Lira. On your
way over here tonight I want you to run by the grocery store at 5th and
Division and pick up some beer for you and me tonight. Be sure you drive
Harris, to Juniper, to division and then from there, down Fifth to Grant till
you get to Harrison and then down Harrison till you get here. Now it is very
important you drive that exact route. I want you to leave your house at
exactly 7pm and I want you to be here by 7:45 pm. You understand your
instructions?"

"Yes, sir, I understand your instructions." I said.

At 6pm I took a shower and got dressed in the usual manner . I was backing out of the driveway at precisely 7 pm. I
drove the route instructed to the grocery store, went in and got the beer and
started the drive to my Master's house. I turned onto Harrison and started to
drive down the dark streets.

Suddenly, I noticed the blinking lights of what appeared to be a plain-clothes
police car. I pulled over to the side of the road, wondering what I had done
wrong. I glanced at my watch and noticed it was 7:30 and I knew I still had a
10-minute drive to my Master's home. I watched the person get out of the
car and approach mine.

"Would you please get out of your car, ma'am." He said.

"What did I do officer?" I asked.

"Just get out of the car ma'am." he said.

I opened the door and got out, very conscious of my lack of underwear. A
flashlight was shined in my eyes, blinding me. "Yes she matches the
picture."

The man said.

"Ma'am, please turn around and put the palms of your hands on the roof of
the car." the other man said.

"Why?" I asked.

The man in front of me grabbed my shoulder, turned me around and said
"Hands on the roof NOW!!!"

I put my hands on the car roof. I was trembling and wondering what this was
all about.

"Better frisk her to see if she is armed," the other man said. I then felt hands
slowly and carefully running down my body. They squeezed my breasts
making me gasp. Ran down my stomach and then over my hips. Then down
my legs. They didn't miss a spot. Then I felt them coming back up on my
inner legs. I started to protest and was told to shut up and standstill. My
inner thighs were checked.

"There are no weapons here."

"What did I supposedly do?" I asked.

"Ma'am we got a report from the grocery store at 5th and division, you
shoplifted a 12 pack of beer." the other man said.

"I paid for that." I protested.

"Not according to the clerk." the man behind me said. "You have a receipt to
prove that?

I said "Yes in the bag is the receipt."

The other man opened the door on the other side and reached in the bag. He
searched around, "Nope no receipt here."

"Are you sure?" I asked. I started to pull away from the car to look myself,
but was forced back against the car.

I then felt one wrist grabbed and put behind my back and then the other. I
heard the clicking of the handcuffs as they were placed around each wrist.

"There has to be a mistake. I paid for that beer." I said, my voice trembling.

"Well ma'am we have to take you down to the station until we can straighten
this all out." the man behind me said. The guy on the other side of the car
locked the door after he removed the bag with the beer. I was led back to the
other car and put in the back seat. One of the guys slid in next to me. The
other one got in the car behind the wheel and we drove off.

"Let's take her to the other office rather than to the main station." the guy
next to me said.

"Okay" said the other guy. About 20 minutes later we pulled up to a large
building. the car stopped and both men got out. I was helped out and we
walked through the front door of what appeared to be an empty building. I
was led to the elevator and the one man pushed 15. We rode up in the
elevator in silence. The elevator stopped at the 15th floor and the doors
opened. I was led down the hallway to an office. We entered the office and
there was a large desk with a man seated behind it.

"We have a shoplifter here and she has to be questioned and possibly
booked." one man said.

"You will find an empty room down the hallway to your right. Use that
one," said the man behind the desk.

I was led down the hallway and into the room. The room had 3 chairs, a
table, and a large mirror on the wall. There was also an intercom on the wall.
One of the men walked to the intercom and pushed the switch and said
"When the clerk gets here, let us know and we will get her in a line up for
possible identification."

"Okay" the reply came.

The handcuffs were released and I was told to sit in a chair. I was asked time
and time again why I stole the beer and I kept saying I hadn't done it. I got
upset at one time and stood up. I was immediately shoved back into the chair
and once again the handcuffs were applied.

As each moment went by I got more and more upset. The door opened and
in walked my master. I gasped and blurted out that I was accused of stealing
the beer I had bought you.

You smiled gently and said "Yes I know and this is all been arranged to give
you a very special evening. You will be going through the complete
procedure and I am going to take over for now. This will be no ordinary
booking. Thank you gentlemen for your help."

I smiled. You indicated first that I was going to have to go through a strip
search. You told me to take off all my clothes, which I did immediately. You
then told me to put my hands behind my head and link my fingers. You then
very carefully began to run your hands down my body. Your warm hands
caressing my body. I shivered and squirmed a little. You then rolled my
nipple between your finger and thumb until it was very hard. You reached in
your pocket and took out a pair of nipple clamps connected by a gold chain.
You slowly screwed the clamp down until my nipple was firmly gripped.
You then did the same thing with my other nipple. Then your hand moved
down and stroked my stomach and my hips and then down my outer thighs.

Finally you came back up my inner thighs and rubbed my pussy. I felt you
roll my clit and I moaned. You then inserted one and then two fingers into
my already wet cunt. You stroked my cunt and my clit until I was really
squirming. You stopped and removed your fingers and placed them at my
mouth. I licked them clean. You placed your hands on my shoulders and
forced me to kneel. I reached up and undid your pants and removed your
cock and began to lick and suck it.

After a little while you came in my mouth and I swallowed it.

You then pulled me to my feet and turned me around. You took one hand
and then the other and tied them behind me. You then led me down a
hallway to a large room with bright lights. You guided me to a wall and told
me to stand there. I could hear you talking to someone but I couldn't see
who it was. I then was instructed to turn to my right and then my left and
then with my back to wall and then with my front to the wall. I could hear
sounds from the back of the room. I then heard someone say that is her.

You came out of the shadows and told me that I had been identified
positively as the person who took the beer from the grocery store. Again I
protested that I had bought the beer. You just took me by my elbow and
guided me out of the room and down the hallway. My bare feet shuffled
along the hallway as I was pushed quickly. We went into the outer office
and past the guy sitting at the desk. He looked up and I felt his eyes scan my
naked body. I saw a smile begin.

I was led down another hallway and you stopped in front of a closed door.
You opened the door and pushed me into the dark room. You flipped on the
light and once my eyes adjusted to the light I saw this was no ordinary room.
On the walls was an assortment of paddles, whips, and other spanking
implements. I also noticed a cupboard. Also on the wall were pictures of
other people who had used this room....in various positions and locations.
There was also a large mirror that covered one whole wall. I noticed a beam
on the ceiling that had various eyehooks and pulleys and clips hanging from
it. On the floor I noticed clamps, eyehooks, and other things to tie ropes to.

I was pushed to a large vertical beam that had a ring near the top. On the
floor was a couple of shackles. You turned me around and pressed my back
to the beam.

I could feel the wood against my back. You released my hands momentarily,
but quickly re-secured them in front of me. You then walked to the cupboard
and got a carabiner which you snapped into the small loop you had left in
the rope that bound my hands.

"Put your hands over your head and snap the carabiner into the ring at the
top of the beam." you instructed in your firm voice. I was able to do that
after a few attempts. You walked over to the wall and took a whip-like item
from the wall. "Now you know that stealing anything is a crime and has to
be punished," you said matter-of-factly.

"But I didn't steal the beer." I said.

"If I said you stole the beer, you stole the beer. UNDERSTAND?" you said
raising your voice slightly.

"Yes sir." I said.

You took the whip-like thing  and placed it at my lips. I kissed it. You then slowly ran the
strands across my body making sure my whole body felt the sensation of the
soft leather.

I felt it drag across my breasts, felt it cross my nipples and tug slightly at the
clamps on my nipples. I moaned softly. You dragged it across my stomach
and up and down my legs.

Finally you pulled it through my legs and cross my hot pussy. I was
squirming and you smiled. Quickly and without warning you pulled it back
and I felt the leather strands wrap around my stomach. You continued
striking me with the whip and I tried to move away from the continuous
strikes. But you were very skilled and each bow found me again and again.
You stopped for a second and your hand reached down and I felt your
fingers slide into my cunt.

"Nice and wet." You said. Then you backed away, your eyes roving my
body. You then stepped forward and turned me so I was facing the pole.
You told me to spread my legs and I felt the shackled close around them.
My legs were spread wide open and I was totally open and accessible. I tried
to turn my head to see what you were doing.

Then I felt the leather strands smack my ass and legs again and again.

Occasionally I could feel the sting as the strands wrapped around my pussy.
I was twisting and turning. With each blow I moaned louder and louder. You
would stop the peppering of the strokes occasionally to check to see how
wet my pussy was.

Then after numerous strokes, you plunged 3 fingers in my cunt and stroked
my clit until you felt I was close to an orgasm. Each time I got very close to
cumming you stopped. I was pleading, begging to be allowed to cum. I was
pulling at the bonds that held me securely in place. My head was rolling
from side to side. I wanted.... no, needed to cum. You kept denying me.

Suddenly I felt my hands released and I was forced to bend at the waist. I
heard the zipper of your pants as you unzipped them. Then I felt your cock
at the entrance to my cunt and suddenly you cock filled my hot wet cunt.
Your hands wrapped around my hips and I felt your cock caressing my cunt.
You begin to rhythmically move my hips and your hips so that my hips
came back to you as your hips came toward me. Your cock was buried
deeper and deeper with each stroke. I no longer could control my desire to
cum and I pleaded to be allowed to cum.

You said "Of course you may now cum, Lira" Suddenly the muscles of my
stomach contracted and my cunt milked your cock as we came together. Our
gasps and moans were one.

You continued stroking your cock in and out until you went soft. You then
lowered me to the floor and let me ride out the after effects of the mind
boggling orgasm that you had allowed me to have. I felt your hands stroking
me.

I felt your lips as they kissed my back. I felt my legs being released from the
shackles. As my breathing returned to normal you helped me to my feet and
guided me to a couch in the corner of the room. You pulled me down beside
you and slowly stroked me. I snuggled up close.

"Did you enjoy your experience tonight my little slave?" you asked.

"Yes I did," I replied.

You got up off the couch, went to a closet, and brought me my clothes. "Get
dressed and I will take you back to your car." you said. You then reached
over and removed the nipple clamps causing me to gasp as the blood rushed
back into the nipples. You stroked then gently and then let me get dressed.

As we walked out past the front desk you asked if the guys had enjoyed the
show.

They all smiled and I suddenly realized that the whole scene had been
observed by all the men. I blushed and hurried down the hallway to the
elevator. You drove me to my car and kissed me gently.

"Now my little slut, go home and get some sleep. I have lots more
experiences planned for you in the coming weeks." You said softly.

I said goodnight, climbed in my car and drove home. I undressed and laid
down on the bed and drifted off to sleep reliving this evenings experience
and wondering what you had in store for me in the coming days.

?? Patty's Rape

You are grabbed by three girls. You struggle, but these girls overpower you
and wrestle you to the floor. Two of the girls hold your arms and legs while
the third girl starts to unbutton your blouse. You threaten to scream if they
don't stop. The girl stops stripping you and starts to stuff a hot moist cloth
into your mouth.

After she has you gagged, she explains that they have come prepared for a
screamer. She tells you that this morning all three girls stuffed their panties
into their cunts and they have masturbated at least half a dozen times each.
She tells you that you are now sucking on her cum soaked panties and that
you will taste the others later.

She grabs the front of your blouse and rips it open. The girls holding your
arms pull off your blouse while the third girl opens your jeans and pulls
them down to your ankles. She lifts your legs to take your jeans off and you
start to kick. The girls grab your legs behind the knee and pull them open so
the third girl can get your jeans off. While you are held spread out, the third
girl takes a pair of scissors and cuts your bra straps and then snips between
the cups to expose your round, firm tits. She takes your nipples between the
thumb and forefinger of each hand and pinches them. She twists them and
pulls them until they are hard and erect. She then kisses and sucks on each
nipple.

Despite your resistance, her actions on your nipples are getting you very
aroused, even hotter than your boyfriend did the other night. She stops
sucking but keeps playing with your nipples. She explains that they are
sorority pledges and to get into the sorority they have to rape a sexy bitch
like you.

She grabs the elastic waistband of your panties and pulls at them so she can
snip the sides and pull your panties out from under your asscheeks. One of
the girls says "Now that we have this bitch bare, let's find out how tasty she
is". The third girl puts her hands down into your crotch and pulls your
cuntlips open. She puts her head down to your cunt and she slowly licks
from your tight ass pucker, up across your wet inner lips, up to your tender
clit. You wiggle, you squirm, but she pushes her tongue against your clit and
you get hotter. She moves her tongue down to your love hole and pushes it
in. You surrender to this hot lesbian rape and push your cunt against her
probing tongue. She pumps her tongue in and out making your juices flow.
You squirm again, this time in passion. You want to cum and this girl's
tongue is going to do it. She slides her tongue to your clit and licks at it very
fast. The tension in your cunt builds with each flick at your passion button.
She closes her mouth on your clit and sucks it into her mouth. This pushes
you over the edge. Your muscles tighten, your cunt juices flow, and you
cum like you have never cum before. She licks at your open cunt, lapping up
your flowing love cream.

When you recover from your orgasm, this cuntlicker changes places with
one of the girls holding your arms. This new girl takes the panties out of
your mouth and stuffs her own cum-soaked panties in to give you a second
taste of cunt. She moves away for a few moments. When she returns, she
kneels and kisses your creamy cunt. She moves toward your head gently
kissing your mound, your tummy, and your tits. She pushes her big bare tits
against yours.

A hard shaft pushes against your open slit. She tells you that now she is
going to rape you the way a boy would. She tells you that she has strapped
on a ten inch cock-shaped dildo and she is going to stick it into your cunt
and fuck you hard and fast. She pushes the head of that dildo against your
hot open slit. You squirm, but your movement only rubs your inner lips
against the head lubricating it. She pushes it into your cunt. She shoves all
10 inches into your hot, juicy hole. Your boyfriend has fucked you a few
times but his cock has never filled you the way this intruding tool is filling
you now. She pulls almost all the way out and then plunges back in. The
entire length of your love tunnel tingles. She pumps at your cunt. Your
juices begin to flow again.

She pumps harder, faster, banging away at your open fuck hole. You are
going to cum again. This girl, fucking you with a dildo, is going to make
you cum better than your boyfriend has. You buck, you push your cunt at
this impaling rod, you push your tits against hers, all the time sucking the
cum out of her panties. Your start to cum and toss your head back and forth.
All the girls laugh at your dildo-induced orgasm. Your cuntfucker pulls out
and plunges in deep and hard. She pulls out and plunges in again to bring
you to your climax. With every muscle tense, you finish cumming. Nothing
moves except your cum flowing out past that rod and down your asscrack.
Your cuntfucker pulls out and the girls let go of your arms.

They don't have to hold you any more. You are limp from the two best
creamings your cunt has ever had. The last girl takes the panties out of your
mouth and stuffs in her own. Now you have tasted the cum from all three
girls. They turn you face down on the tiled floor. They let you rest your head
on your folded arms.

Two girls massage your back and then your asscheeks. They pull your
asscheeks open and the last girl rubs a glob of grease on your asspucker.
You tense up, you have never let anyone put anything inside your tail. The
girl tells you that now she is going to strap on the dildo and rape your tight
ass. You squirm and shake your head NO. She tells you that you can barter
your way out of an assfuck. She tells you that she is willing to trade her
fucking your ass for you licking her cunt.

You hesitate, but then figure that it has to taste at least as good as the panties
you have been sucking on. You nod your head; YES. She moves in front of
you and lays back spreading her cunt before you. She takes the panties out
of your mouth and tells you to eat the real thing. You inch your way forward
and just as you get within reach, she grabs your head and pushes it against
her clean-shaven, and very juicy cunt.

The fragrance of her cunt overcomes any resistance you have and you
plunge your tongue between her smooth wet lips to search out her cream.
The girls tell you how to eat a cunt. How to lick her lips, how to stick your
tongue in and out to fuck her hole, how to rub your tongue against her clit,
and finally how to suck at her clit to make her cum. You make her cum, you
lap at her flowing cream like a hot lesbian bitch. After you have licked her
cunt clean, she moves behind you and the cuntlicker moves in front offering
her cunt for a licking. You plead with them, not to make you lick any more
cunts.

The last girl puts her greased finger against your tight asspucker and pushes
in. She gets it in to the first knuckle and starts to twist her finger around,
lubricating your asshole. She tells you to eat any cunt put in front of you or
they will fuck your ass. They will ALL fuck your ass.

With no more hesitation, you bury your tongue into this second clean-
shaven cunt. As you lick this juicy cunt, the last girl keeps moving her finger
in your ass. She keeps reminding you to lick that cunt good or you will get
your tight ass thoroughly fucked. You lick, you suck, you tongue fuck the
girl that gave you your first lesbian licking. You make her cum and again
you lap up every drop of cream that oozes out of her cunthole.

Now, the cuntfucker spreads her cunt in front of you and you dive into her
equally clean-shaven cunt. There is no hesitation in your cunt licking now.
You are so involved in making these cunts cum and eating their cream that
you don't notice that the girl now has her entire finger in your ass. The
cuntlicker puts her hand under you and starts to rub your clittie. The girl you
are licking begins to cum and you lap at her flowing cream. When you have
her licked clean you realized that your cunt and ass are getting fingered and
that you are going to cum again. You plead with them to stop, but your
orgasm peaks and you collapse on that freshly eaten cunt.

One girl takes the remnants of your panties and stuffs them into your cunt to
soak up your love juice. After you have recovered from your fingerfuck,
they take the panties out of your cunt and stuff them into your mouth. The
cuntlicker and cuntfucker take your arms and pull you to your knees. They
hold you so that you are leaning forward supported by them. They squeeze
and pinch your round, firm tits. The last girl gets behind you and pushes the
head of that dildo against your loosened ass pucker. You shake your head
NO, but she pushes the head in anyway. You try to resist but you have been
sufficiently stretched and lubricated that the head slips past your sphincter
muscle and into your virgin ass. They hold you like this for a few moments,
a fake cockhead in your ass, two girls squeezing your tits, and your own
cum-soaked panties in your mouth.

The assfucker reaches around you and puts her hands down into your crotch.
With one hand she finds and rubs your erect little clit. With the other, she
slips a finger into your creamy cunt hole. Holding on to your cunt, she
pushes that shaft up your ass. It fills you completely. You have never had
any sensation like this before. It hurts, it pleases, you push back and your ass
opens up to take that dildo all the way in. She starts to fuck your ass. There
is a lot more friction in your tail than in your cunt and you can feel that
cockhead move the entire length of your rear tunnel. Her fingers at your cunt
rub and probe and your juices flow again. They squeeze your tits and pinch
your nipples. Soon you are drenched in sweat and when your orgasm hits, it
overwhelms you. You collapse against these female rapists completely
satisfied with the sexual pleasures they have forced upon you.

They lower you to the floor and move away for a moment. A girl returns.
She kneels between your open legs. She spreads your reddened asscheeks,
and pushes the dildo into your ass again. You offer no resistance. You take
that cockshaped tool into you and fall off into a screaming sexual daze. The
second girl fucks your ass until the movement makes her cum. The third girl
straps on the dildo and takes her turn at fucking your ass.

When you wake up, you find yourself stark naked, spread out on the floor of
the restroom. Your hands are tied to the posts of the stalls, while your legs
are held up and open, your ankles tied to different sinks. You can still taste
the salty sweet cum on the panties in your mouth. Your cunt and ass are
loose enough and lubricated enough to take anything, and they have left you
two mementos: dildos in both your cunt and ass.

Been sucking long? You nod your head: YES. She moves in front of you
and lies back spreading her cunt before you. She takes the panties from your
mouth.




Babysitting		(c) 1997 Master Chris
Story #80 in the Master Chris Collection

It started when I was about  9 or 10 years old.  We moved, you see, and all 
of a sudden, life changed.  Dad wasn't around anymore and Mom and I lived in 
a completely new town.  I would see may father not at all for almost 20 
years before he got hold of his life and tracked me down.  In the meantime, 
it was Mom and me.

I suppose it all started with the first time Mom had to find a babysitter 
for me.  Julie was her name and she was almost 5 years my senior.  Julie 
lived just a few doors down and when she came in to our new home for the 
first time I thought she was the prettiest girl I'd ever seen.  It was puppy 
love I suppose, a young boy infatuated with an older woman.

Julie became my regular babysitter almost immediately.  In fact, she would 
mind me until I was in my late teens.

The first few times Julie baby-sat were completely uneventful.  She was lots 
of fun to be around and very attentive.  I was a little nervous the first 
time she gave me a bath and got me dressed for bed but after the first time, 
I didn't give it much thought.  It was perhaps the third or fourth time 
Julie baby-sat that things changed.

I guess I'd been a real handful that day.  When Julie came over, I'd already 
been across Mom's knee once.  Mom was a believer in corporate discipline and 
it was rare that I would go a week without my bare bottom upended over her 
knee.  Spankings from Mom were pretty straightforward in those days.  She'd 
get to the breaking point then, before I quite knew what was happening, I'd 
be over her lap and my pants would be around my knees and she'd warm my bum 
with her hand until I cried and settled down.

That day, when Mom left, she said to Julie, "Keep an eye on him tonight 
Julie.   He's been naughty all day.  And if he doesn't mind you, don't 
hesitate to swat his bum."  I jumped at hearing this.  No one but Mom had 
ever spanked me and I sure didn't want Julie to be the first.

I tried to be good, I'm sure I did but it was only perhaps an hour before I 
got into trouble.  Julie was insisting that I go upstairs and get ready for 
a bath and I was refusing.  She tried to grab me but I scampered out of the 
way.  A couple of games of this and finally, Julie had had enough.

Her face changed and she stopped and stared at me.  "Bobby", she said, "This 
is your last chance.  Get up those stairs now or I'm going to give you a 
spanking."

I stuck my tongue out at her and tried to run by again.  This time, her arm 
shot out and grabbed me.  "You asked for it." She said.

Unlike Mom who would have just spanked me instantly, Julie took firm hold of 
my arm and led me upstairs to the master bedroom.  "Bobby, you've got this 
spanking coming.  If you don't do as I say it'll get worse."

She sounded so serious I didn't dare move as she reached out and pulled down 
my sweatpants.  A moment later my underpants were down too and I was showing 
everything.

"Step out of them." She said and I did.  Now Julie grabbed the bottom of my 
t-shirt and pulled it over my head leaving me bare naked.

"You're going to get this spanking in two parts." She said.  "Over my lap 
now for the first part."

She gently pulled me over her lap.  Julie was wearing shorts and a t-shirt 
that day.  I remember it like it was yesterday.  As I was pulled over her 
lap, my small cock lay against her warm legs and then dropped between them.  
It was a remarkable sensation.

With a firm hand at the small of my back to hold me in place, Julie lay a 
quick peppering of spanks on my bottom, heating it up instantly much like 
Mom.  In a couple of minutes I was sniffling and finally, my body stopped 
resisting and I lay limp over her lap.

The spanking stopped and for a moment, I felt Julie's hand rubbing gently 
around my bottom and up the backs of my thighs.  It was as though she was 
thinking about what to do next.

"Up you get", she said.

I stood up and my hands dropped naturally to cover my genitals.

"Oh no Bobby.  You don't cover up in front of me.  You'll start to do as I 
say from now on.  Put those hands on your head."

I blushed as I followed her instructions.  Julie looked me carefully up and 
down, her eyes settling on my tiny hairless cock which had decided on its 
own to come to attention.

Julie stood up and took me again by the arm.  She led me over to a 
coffee-sized table in the room and made me get up on it.

"You'll stay here until I tell you to get down" she said.  Julie made me 
spread my legs and continue to hold my hands clasped behind my head.  It was 
embarrassing, like being on display in a shop but I did as I was told.  
After all, there was still another part of the punishment to go.

Julie left the room, admonishing me not to move if I knew what was good for 
me.

She returned a few minutes later.  "Down off there young man", she said.  In 
another moment, I was back over her lap.

"I wonder at your naughtiness today Bobby.  Are you feeling ill?  I shook my 
head, not knowing what to say.  Julie was fiddling with something she had 
brought into the room with her.

"I think we'll double check", she said.  A moment later I felt her fingers 
pulling my buttocks open then wide apart.  She held them like that for a 
moment, just taking in the view of my juvenile anus.  Then I felt the cold 
glass of a thermometer tickling the center of my crinkled hole.  It  had 
been covered in Vaseline and the cold gooey feeling made me squirm.  "Uh 
uh!" I said.  A quick smack to one buttock made me think twice about 
complaining.  The glass thermometer slid in easily but Julie never let it 
sit still.  With the fingers of one hand keeping my buttocks parted, the 
other hand was free to tease the thermometer in and out, twirl and twist it 
and generally keep my attention for several minutes.

When she finally pulled it out I thought we were done.  Not so.  Now I felt 
the warm tip of her finger at my rear opening.  It teased in a tiny bit, 
opening the entrance to my rectum then slid in and in and in.  It felt like 
it was all the way up to my belly button.  Julie teased and twisted the 
finger in me, making me squirm helplessly.  The finger left to be replaced 
by something cold again.  Something cold and unyielding was pressed through 
my crinkled muscle and held there for a moment.

"You need a reminder to be good", said Julie and slid the object in slowly 
but even deeper than her finger had gone.  It was a carrot I would figure 
out later.  When it was firmly rooted deep in my bottom, she stood me up.  
"Back on the table, young man", she said.

This time I was made to stand facing away from the entrance with my legs 
wide apart and my hands behind my head.  I could feel the cold object deep 
in my bowels and part of it sticking out of my bum and between my cheeks.  I 
felt ridiculous which I think it what Julie wanted.

Julie walked all around me slapping the back of a hairbrush against one 
palm.  "Well you don't look so clever now do you?' she asked.  At one point, 
I could feel her looking at me from behind.  As I went to turn around to 
look at her she barked, 'Eyes front young man"  I was quick to obey.

Suddenly I felt a tapping sensation deep in my bowels.  Julie was gently 
smacking the end of the carrot was the flat end of the brush.  I had never 
felt anything like this in my life.  Each tiny smack of the brush against 
the object was translated to an effect all the way inside my body.  The 
tapping had another effect also.  Each tap it seemed caused my tiny cock to 
bob uncontrollably in front of me.  I didn't know what to do.

Julie tapped for a while then continued walking around me.  When she saw my 
hard little cock, she smiled.  Reaching over with the cool flat part of the 
brush, she stroked the bottom of it from bottom towards the tip.  "This is 
designed to please women Bobby.  You should always remember that when you 
get older."

Julie had me get down on my hands and knees.  She told me to fold my hands 
and rest my head on them leaving my bottom way up in the air with the silly 
carrot still sticking from it.  "Don't move" she said and finished the 
second part of my punishment with a quick hairbrush spanking.  Each few 
smacks, she'd give a light tap to the cold vegetable buried deep into me.

The punishment was over and, after pulling the carrot slowly from me, she 
made me wait while she cleaned herself up.  Only then could I get up from 
this most exposing of positions to come to the bathroom to get cleaned up 
and ready for bed.

I went to bed quietly.  When I got up in the morning, Mom mentioned the 
incident at breakfast.  "I understand Julie had to put you over her knee 
last night Bobby" she said.

I nodded glumly into my cereal.  This probably meant another spanking from 
Mom.

"I'd give you another spanking but Julie told me she gave you a good solid 
punishment last night so I'm going to let it go." She told me.  "You should 
know though, that I've told Julie to feel free to punish you whenever she 
sees fit in the future.

My eyes widened a little wondering if Mom knew everything that had happened 
but I certainly didn't have the nerve to bring it up.

I'm sure my submissive tendencies started that day.  Certainly each time 
Julie came over, there would be some opportunity for her to punish me.  If I 
had been good, it might be a light spank or two along with the humiliating 
table display which seemed to be part of the routine virtually every time 
she babysat.

I had already started developing by the age of 10 but the punishments didn't 
seem to stop as I got older.  It was when I was around 14 and Julie was 19 
that my Mom was, without a doubt, apprised of exactly how I was punished.

Julie had me on the table, as usual with my head down, my tail up and my 
knees spread wide leaving everything completely exposed.  We had long since 
graduated from kitchen vegetables for objects destined for my bum.  Julie 
had a tiny rubber object she called a 'plug' which was narrow at the end, 
then got much thicker then got narrow again before flaring out to a 'T' 
shape.  This plug was buried deep in my rectum, the narrow neck holding my 
anus wide apart despite the involuntary reactions of my sphincter to expel 
it or close.

My bottom was red I was sure because Julie had just given me a hairbrush 
spanking.  I couldn't see my bottom, of course.  Not just because it was 
behind me but also because Julie now often made me wear a blindfold during 
my punishment.  It took away from my sense of sight but, strangely, my sense 
of touch and my sense of hearing were all that more acute.

Julie was behind me, not spanking at the moment, she was lecturing.  She had 
a particular way of doing that.  She'd turn the brush over, and gently drag 
the bristles along my just spanked bottom or anywhere else she pleased.  At 
the moment, the sharp bristles were being gently dragged across my well 
exposed balls.  She'd pull the brush up slowly between my legs with the 
bristle side up then when it was clear, she'd give a little tap on the end 
of the plug with the flat side.  Needless to say, the exercise had my 
complete and undivided attention.  With each stroke she'd say something like 
"And will I catch you doing that again?" or, "will you be good from now 
own?"

It must have had Julie's undivided attention too because suddenly we both 
started when we heard Mom at the doorway clearing her throat.  "I see 
Bobby's been naughty", she said.  I started to get up but immediately felt 
Mom's hand on my back.  "No, don't you move just yet young man".

I was mortified.  It was one thing for Julie to see me like this with a plug 
in my bottom and my cock rock hard hanging from between my spread legs but 
Mom had never seen me like this.

"You can just stay there for a few minutes Bobby", Mom said.  Julie and I 
are going to go discuss some things.

I was left in the embarrassing  position for what seemed ages.  It was 
perhaps 15 minutes or so.  I could just hear Mom and Julie murmuring in the 
kitchen.  Every once in awhile I heard Mom giggle which made me more 
embarrassed.  When I next heard footsteps into the bedroom I didn't know 
what to think.  The bristles of the hair brush made one long pass down my 
right buttock then up between my legs again before giving a sharp tap on the 
plug in my bottom.  The plug moved again as it was pulled slowly and 
teasingly, with lots of twisting from my body.

"Ok Bobby, get up"  It was Mom!

I shot up and pulled the blindfold from my eyes with one hand while my other 
hand made a vain attempt to cover my nakedness.

"Hands behind your head" barked my Mom.

I didn't even think.  The next instant, my hands were locked behind my head.

"Hmmm, she's right", said Mom.  "You are submissively inclined.  "Ok, Bobby, 
it's off to bed with you.  I think it's safe to say however, that things are 
going to change a little around here.

Mom wasn't kidding.  A few days later Julie came over again.  This time Mom 
didn't leave.  That didn't stop Julie from putting me through my paces 
though.  Mom observed while Julie stripped me naked and put me into a number 
of the numerous submissive poses she had taught me.  I was hard the whole 
time.

Mom would reach over sometimes to see how hot my bottom was after a paddling 
or to jiggle a plug that was in my bottom.  She watched with rapt attention 
as Julie gave my cock and balls a brush-stroking, leaving me panting and 
excited.

Finally Julie looked up.  My bottom was hot, I was in the position Julie 
liked best for me, on the table on all fours with my head down and tail up.  
My tail was hot and red and my bottom was full with the plug Julie had put 
there several times.

Finally Mom seemed to take charge.  "Up on your knees Bobby, facing us."  I 
turned around and sat back on my heels.  "No, I mean up, she said, tapping 
my bottom with her brush to emphasize her point.  My bottom was hot enough 
that the small tap got me up with my thighs vertical.

"Hands behind your head."

Julie, I noticed was watching closely but the eyes of both women seemed to 
be drawn down towards my treacherous cock.  It hadn't gone soft in the 
entire time I'd been "punished" by Julie.

Mom pulled up a chair and sat down on my left and motioned to Julie to do 
the same on my right.  With me kneeling on the table, this brought my cock 
to eye level.  I couldn't help it.  It seemed to be ticking up and down to 
the pace of my racing heartbeat.  Mom reached over with the brush to tap it 
lightly making me gasp.

"So Bobby, this sort of treatment excites you?"

I didn't know what to say.

Mom took the edge of the brush and stroked slowly along the bottom of my 
cock.  It made me tremble all over.

"Do you play with this often Bobby?"

I'm sure my face turned as red as my behind.  How could Mom possibly know 
about that?  Julie's eyebrows raised.

Mom turned to Julie.  "If you're going to get him this excited, then you'll 
get much better control over him by letting him get his final release.  You 
can do it yourself with your hand of course, but in the state he's in, 
probably just the least teasing with a gentle touch right on the head of the 
penis will have him perform for you.  Of course, you can always use the 
method I'm about to here", she said with a small smile on her face.

Both Julie and I had wide eyes wondering what would come next.

"Alright Bobby, if you're this excited, I'm sure it won't take you long, 
make it squirt for us."

"Pardon?", I squeaked.

Mom's voice got firm.  I knew that voice.  "Do it Bobby.  Now."

Slowly, I reached down with my right hand to hold my cock.

"Well?", said Mom.

I started to pull it, first slowly then hard.  It only took a few seconds. I 
was so close to the edge already that I was pretty much ready.

After that I was left to clean up and get dressed.  It was the first session 
where two women observed my performance, but by no means the last.

Within a few weeks, Julie sprung yet another surprise on me.  I had been 
over her knee as usual and was waiting with my blindfold, kneeling upright.

"Open your mouth', she said.  I was confused for a moment but did as I was 
told.

"Now stick out your tongue as far as you can."

I stuck it out, feeling silly at the spectacle I must have made.  I heard 
her moving around then she came very close to me.  All of a sudden my tongue 
came in contact with warm flesh.  It was Julie, of course.  Moreover it was 
a part of Julie I'd never seen.  Julie's breast and hard nipple were now 
resting on my outstretched tongue.

She taught me how to lick it, how to tease it erect.  Even though I couldn't 
see it, it was incredibly exciting.  Her nipple seemed to swell up in my 
mouth, becoming over half an inch long and awfully thick.  It was wonderful. 
  For the first time, I knew I was giving Julie pleasure as she moaned at my 
efforts.

Finally she pulled away from me.  I knew I was hooked.

As a special reward that night, she brought me off herself with her hand.

Over the coming months, Julie trained me to use my tongue extensively, 
providing her pleasure whenever she wanted.

Punishments continued of course.  In fact, several other women, mostly 
friends of my Mom now knew I was spanked and punished in other ways.  I was 
sixteen by then but there was never any talk of being allowed to cover up.  
The first 'outsider' to know I was spanked was my mother's friend Sara.  She 
showed up one day while I was buck naked, with my nose in the corner of the 
living room.  Mom had spanked me for backtalking to her.  The doorbell rang 
and Sara just walked in.  She was over often.  I didn't even have a chance 
to beg Mom to let me go to another room before she was in it.

"Oh Hi Sara", my Mom said.

"What's this Sue?" Sara asked.

"Bobby was naughty and I had to remind his backside not to be rude is all" 
my Mom replied.  It's how he's punished in this house.

I was dying of embarrassment.

Mom and Sara left me in the corner of the living room to go into the kitchen 
and chat.  I heard quite a bit of laughter from there which I'm sure was 
about me.

Sara would see me again only a few weeks later.  This time I was on the 
table with my bottom up (and filled of course) and nose down.  Mom brought 
her over to see me and I felt her jiggle the plug in my bottom.  "Such an 
obedient little boy" was her only comment.

A couple of months later after coming home late and not calling, Mom 
actually sent me over to Sara's to get punished.  She called first and I 
heard her asking if she'd like to.  Then I was sent over there holding the 
hairbrush and the plug.  I was mortified.  Sara had a daughter that was only 
a year older than myself.  I was praying that she wouldn't be there.  To my 
relief, Sara seemed to be at home alone when I arrived.

Sara was obviously no stranger to this kind of activity.  In no time I was 
stripped and examined by her.  She didn't bother using the plug in my 
bottom.  Instead she slide a rather large vibrator up there and then put me 
into the corner of her living room.

"If it falls out Bobby, your bottom will be in for a surprise you might not 
like."

Once she'd turned it on, needless to say, it became impossible to hold 
inside.  Not that I didn't try but it was less than 10 minutes before I felt 
it slide out despite efforts to squeeze my sphincter as hard as I could.

"Uh oh", I heard behind me.

Alright young man, come with me.

Sara led me downstairs where there was a large table in the RecRoom.  I had 
to lay on my back on the table with my legs hanging over the side.

"Pull your legs up to your chest", Sara instructed.

>From a side drawer she pulled a number of nylon straps; the kind of things 
that you often see on car roof racks holding down extra luggage.  In a few 
short moments, she had looped a strap around each bent knee and pulled it up 
the level of my thighs and ankles.  The straps had a one-way tightener, just 
like a seatbelt and with a short tug, my upper thighs were welded to my 
ankles.

Additional straps around my wrists were pulled to the head of the table and 
fastened there.   I was securely fastened but Sara was just getting started. 
  Addition straps now tied to the ones around my thighs and pulled them 
downwards and sideways to keep my fastened down to the table and two final 
straps were fastened to my knees and pulled wide open.  I couldn't think of 
ever having been this exposed.

Sara took one of her long fingernails and ran it slowly down the inside of 
my thigh.  My cock, with a mind of its own as usual, twitched erect.

"As I promised, I've got a surprise for you that you might not like too 
much."

Sara pulled on a pair of latex gloves just like a doctor uses.  She made 
sure to do so where I could see her clearly.  I was trembling.  What did she 
mean?

Sara held up a small foil packet and tore it open.  I didn't understand what 
came out.  It looked like a really large capsule except that it was moist, 
jelly like.  It was perhaps two inches long and about a half inch wide.

"This is used on horses sometimes", she said.  "It helps them 'present' 
better.  We'll see how well it helps you to present.

Sara reached down and touched the tip of the capsule to the center of my 
already greased anus.  It felt cold and gooey.  She twirled the tip around 
for a moment or two then slid the whole thing inside me.  With the tip of 
her long finger, she worried the gelatin capsule as deep as she could reach. 
  I didn't think this would be much trouble.  After all, I'd just had a 
rather large vibrator stuck deep up inside me.

Sara's finger slid out slowly, twisting as it came.  She reached up and 
patted my cock with a smile.  "Don't be too smug young man.  You don't know 
what you're in for.

She took the gloves off and tidied up.  All of a sudden, I felt a tickling 
sensation in my bum.  It started at the entrance, like a feather was 
circling my anus.  Then I could also feel it further inside.  It was like an 
itch that didn't go away, in fact, it got more intense by the second.

"Ah, I see you've noticed the ginger", she smiled.  I'll be back down in a 
few minutes.  We'll see if you're ready to be a good boy by the time I'm 
back.

As she walked up the stairs, the itching got hot.  Second by second, it 
seemed to get hotter until I though I was burning.  I whimpered then tears 
started down my cheeks.  There was really nothing I could do.

Sara left me for about 15 minutes by which time I was a mess.  My body kept 
on trying to leap off the table and I was straining at every one of the 
straps that held me down.

It was with tremendous relief that I heard the door to the basement opening 
and the footsteps coming back down.  I looked up ready to beg Sara to take 
whatever it was out of me when I realized that it wasn't Sara at all, it was 
Keri, Sara's daughter.

"She gave you the suppository huh?" said Keri.

I nodded miserably.  I didn't trust my voice to speak without breaking into 
sobs.

"I know, it's awful.  She gives it to me sometimes.  You're probably in for 
more spanks and a cleanout before the burning stops."

If I had not been so uncomfortable, I'd have been quite interested in this 
news but as it was I could barely concentrate on what she was saying.

More footsteps heralded the arrival of Sara and my Mom, an audience of three 
to watch me squirm.

"Well Sara, this looks like it's pretty effective," said my Mom.

Sara smiled.  It's worked wonders on Keri.  Sara had my hairbrush in hand 
and came up between my legs so she could look me in the eye.  "Have I got 
your full attention young man?" she asked.  I nodded, "Yes Ma'am".

Ok, time for the second part of your spanking then.  She dragged the 
bristles down my cock and balls all the way along my hypersensitive anus 
bringing a new moan from my lips then quickly reversed the brush and 
peppered my behind with a hard and hot spanking that took my breath away.  
For the few short moments that the spanking itself lasted I didn't even 
notice the burning inside my bottom.  It didn't take long for the tears to 
come and the spanking then soon stopped.

"Now then young man.  Can I count on some improved behavior between yourself 
and your mother?"  I was a model of obedience.  I promised never again to 
get into trouble if only she would make it stop hurting.

"Very well, we'll have to clean that hot juice out of you then."

Sara wheeled up a stand with a large rubber bag on it and a hose attached.  
At the bottom of the hose was a strange device with what looked like the 
kind of balloons that blood-pressure cuffs have.  Sara pulled on new gloves 
and under the interested eye of my mom lubricated my bottom again, but this 
time with cold cream.  The relief was almost immediate in the area right 
around my anus.

The thick nozzle of the hose was slide up my rather willing bottom.  In 
fact, I don't think my bottom was capable of clenching to resist.

With a quick squeeze, the nozzle seemed to grow inside of me until I gasped 
again.  This nozzle wasn't leaving until Sara decided it should.

"It's called a ," said Sara.  Very effective in preventing accidents.

With a turn of the clamp, I felt cool liquid rush down the hose and deep 
into my body.  There wasn't much I could do to prevent it.  My belly swelled 
up slowly until it felt tight and I was sure the water was going to come 
gushing up my stomach.

It didn't of course.  Once the bag was empty, Sara disconnected it.  I hoped 
we were done and that the straps would now come off.   It was not to be.  
Sara pulled out a bedpan confirming my worst fears.  With a turn of the 
clamp however, there was no way I could hold back.  The nozzle was pulled 
from me and the water followed instantly.  Sara waited as everyone watched 
me cry from the embarrassment.

Now it seemed my punishment was over.

Sara cleaned up and she and my mom started up the stairs.

"Keri, you finish off taking care of Bobby.  You know what to do," said her 
mother.

Oh no, I thought.  There can't be more punishment.

All of a sudden Keri and I were alone.  She looked hesitant.  "Don't worry," 
she said.  "Punishment's over."

Keri pulled out the cold cream and dipped her finger all the way into it.

"If you don't coat your rectum with this, the hot ginger will continue to 
burn you for hours," she explained.

That being said, I felt her delicate finger rubbing it all around my anus 
and then dipping into me.  She ran her finger all the way in then out then, 
with more cold cream in again.  She was twisting it deep in me and all of a 
sudden, I was so horny I thought I 'd split in two!  Keri couldn't help 
noticing.

"Don't worry, it happens to me too.  I don' t know what it is about being 
punished that makes me so hot."

With her finger deep inside my body, Keri reached over and took my hard cock 
in her hand.  She pulled it up slightly then bent down to give it a long 
lick from bottom to top.

Wow!  I had never felt anything like that before.  She looked up and smiled 
at me and then, as her finger twisted in and out, she licked it again, a 
long, slow lick.  That was all it took.  I came in long spurts, over and 
over and over.

Keri giggled.  "I've never seen a boy come" she said.  Looks like fun.

Keri took the straps off and handed me my shorts and t-shirt so I could get 
dressed.  We went upstairs together.

It was the first time Keri and I were in the same room for punishment but 
not the last.  I had occasion only a few weeks later to see Keri get just 
the same treatment I'd gotten and saw, for the first time, a completely 
naked girl.  I had hair on my genitals but I saw that Keri had none.  She 
told me later that her mom made her keep it bare with hair remover.

Keri cried just like I did and I got to stick around and bring her to 
completion when she was finished.  It was great.

I'm 20 now and, while I don't live at home anymore, spankings haven't 
stopped.  Keri and I live together and you'd think that with our experience 
the punishments would be a thing of the past.  Not so.  Julie still visits 
us and when she does, both Keri and I are in for corner time and time with 
our heads down and bottoms up.  It turns out that Julie used to babysit Keri 
too and, just like me, Keri was often punished by her.

Lately Julie has taken to bringing friends around when it's time for us to 
get punished.  Last week it was two girlfriends to took great delight in 
giving us very long, very complete exams and "cleanouts" before Julie gave 
us our spankings.

Tonight Julie has promised to bring over a girlfriend and her boyfriend who 
can give Keri extra attention.

I suppose we should hate it but there's no doubt that when we're being 
punished it's the hottest thing that you can image.  Keri and I both come 
like gangbusters and, as soon as everyone leaves, we're all over each other 
like two alleycats using our tongues, finger, toys and whatever comes to 
hand to bring us off again and again until we fall asleep together, curled 
up like spoons.

All in all, it's not a bad life.




Dani's Fantasy #1
Story #81 in the Master Chris Collection
By: Master Chris

The letter had been very explicit and had arrived by courier at Dani's 
office.

"Our date tonight will be something we'll both remember forever," he'd said. 
  The letter was daring and romantic all at the same time.  Dani was to 
arrive at John's house at precisely 7:00pm "Don't be late - no kidding."  
She was to dress sexily - a short dress or blouse and skirt - preferably not 
too tight and she was to avoid either a bra or panties - it was clearly to 
be a hot evening!  "You'll be teased and tormented and hotter than you've 
ever been in your life - I promise!" John had written.

She left work a few minutes early.  Dani had already made an appointment for 
a leg waxing just after work.  Once there she was pampered as usual at the 
salon.  Dani's legs were smooth and silky by the time Susan got to the top 
of her thighs.

"What about the bikini?" she asked.  It must have been the letter but Dani 
suddenly got a mischievous look in her eye "Take it all off - everything!" 
she said.  Susan chuckled.  "Ok then, slip off those panties and we'll make 
it all bare and smooth."  Dani blushed as she pulled down her thong panties. 
  She was exposing herself completely to Susan and she was sure that Susan 
could see the evidence of her arousal on her lips.

The waxing didn't take long - Susan was an expert and a mirror let Dani see 
the results.  She gasped as she looked.  Dani's pussy was as bare and smooth 
as she had been at 10 years old but somehow it didn't look like a juvenile's 
pussy.  It was as though she'd gotten her pussy ready for sex.  Her inner 
lips were peeking out from the now swollen mound and the tip of her clitoris 
could be seen clearly in its swollen state.  Dani averted her eyes as Susan 
took in a last good long look, embarrassed that Susan could see the moisture 
on the now bare pussy.

Once home Dani jumped into a quick shower to cool off.  Her temptation to 
touch herself was enormous but somehow she was able to limit her self-play 
to a couple of squeezes of her now swollen nipples saving hopefully the best 
for later.

She was on her way a few minutes early and John's request for a dress had 
resulted Dani's favorite summer dress.  It was a colored pattern with a 
short skirt to mid thigh and a backless halter. Once Dani was outside the 
breeze made her start.  It plucked at the edges of her dress and Dani 
squeaked as she imagined it flying up around her waist.  Her decision to 
remove all her hair down below made her feel even more naked than going 
without clothes altogether.  She moved quickly to her car and got going on 
the short drive to John's.

It was 10 minutes to 7 when she arrived and Dani waited the extra time in 
the car, getting more and more excited at what was coming.

With the sun setting a little early it was getting dark as she moved to the 
front door of John's house.  It was set back from the road a few extra feet 
here in the suburbs and beautifully landscaped.  As Dani was about to ring 
the bell, she saw an envelope taped to the door with her name on the front 
in large letters.

"Hmm," she thought, "so here is where we start!"

The envelope contained a door key and a handwritten letter.  "Here are some 
more of your instructions on our evening of excitement," it started. "The 
key lets you into our den of pleasure.  Once you're inside, leave your purse 
and the key in the foyer and come up to the master bathroom.  You'll find 
I've drawn a bath for you already.  There's a hook hanging on the door for 
your clothes and a CD playing some music for your enjoyment in the bathroom. 
  It will have your next instructions in about 15 minutes.  Remember, no 
pleasing yourself!  Tonight, that's my job."

"Mmmm," Dani thought.  "This is getting better and better.

She opened the door and stepped in.

John had been preparing for a while too.  Dani gasped as she realized that 
the lights were all off but the house was filled with what seemed hundreds 
of candles.  They led a path upward the main staircase toward the bedroom.

"Hello?" Dani called. But no one answered back.  Dani smiled.  John wasn't 
yet ready to make his entrance.

She dropped her purse at the front door and locked it before heading up the 
stairs to the master bathroom.

The bathroom too was lit only by candlelight and the bath was full of 
bubbles.  Dani kicked off her heels and then put her dress on the hanger.  
The water was just the right temperature and Dani leaned back to enjoy 
soaking and relaxing after her workday.

The small CD player was playing some beautiful soft music and Dani felt her 
whole body unwind.
It was perhaps 15 minutes later, maybe 20 that the music died down and Dani 
heard John's voice in the CD player.  "He must have created this CD 
himself," she thought, smiling.  "Hi Lover," said her boyfriend's voice.  I 
hope your evening of pleasure is starting off just right.  Take your time 
but you short start getting out of the bath and drying off now with the 
green towel.  Once you're ready, I want you to come out into the bedroom 
wrapped in only the big pink towel I've left for you.  You can leave 
everything else in the bathroom."

Dani smiled.  She was ready to go in without even the towel but this was 
sweet.

"Once you're in the bedroom you'll find a letter on the pillow which will 
tell you more."

The music died down and Dani got herself dried off.  Her skin was silky 
smooth from the oil that John had put into the bath and, as Dani dried 
herself, it felt strange to have the skin of her pubis touch the towel 
directly.

It didn't take long and Dani was padding on her bare feet into the warm 
bedroom lit again by dozens of candles around the room.

The promised letter was on the pillow.  "I wonder what's next?" she 
murmured.

"Hi Dani,
This is the last letter of tonight's series before I'm with you.  I'd like 
you to put the big towel down on the bed and then lie down on it face down.  
The CD player on the pillow beside you is already playing some soft music.  
Put the headphones on.  Then you'll find a sleep mask from my last plane 
trip.  You should cover your eyes with it and relax.  Our evening of 
pleasure is well underway."

Dani opened the towel to leave her naked body exposed.  The earphones were 
already playing the same nice soft music that had been on in the bathroom.  
The volume wasn't that high but it was immediately apparent that there was 
no way to hear anything else once they were on.  The blindfold wasn't 
exactly new.  It was one of Dani's favorite toys but the combination was 
unique.  Suddenly, not one but two sensations had been taken over.  She 
could neither see nor hear and it left her now nude back, buttocks and legs 
seemingly tingling with sensation.  Dani rested her head on the pillow and 
spread her legs a couple of inches apart.  What would happen next?

She didn't have long to wait but time seemed to take no meaning as there was 
no way to tell how long it had been.  Perhaps it had been five minutes, 
perhaps ten before she sensed rather than felt any change.

She couldn't hear anything and she sure couldn't see anything but suddenly 
Dani 'felt' like someone was watching her.  The sensation built up for a 
moment or two until she squirmed slightly.  The first touch was warm.  It 
was the drip of a pool of warm oil right into the middle of her back.  
"Mmmm," Dani murmured.  The hands that followed the oil were firm as they 
started to massage her from her neck down through her shoulders and along 
the long of her back.

Over and over the rubbed, adding more oil as it was absorbed into her 
already smooth skin.  As the hands moved lower, Dani lost herself in the 
sensation until the hands were near the small of her back.  Dani was sure 
her bare bottom would be the next destination for those strong hands but she 
was wrong.  The hands left her lower back to her feet.  First one then the 
other was massaged from her toes to ankles before the hands move up, slowly, 
first the left leg all the way to the top of her thigh, then the other.  
Dani was completely relaxed; putty in John's hands.  John lay her right leg 
down, somewhat apart from the other.  Dani could feel a waft of air right up 
between her legs.  She knew she was wet and she could imagine that she was 
completely exposed from behind.

Finally the warm oil and the hands that went with them turned to Dani's 
buttocks.  Round, smooth movements pulled her bottom up and out, up and out 
and Dani could feel the buttocks spreading open, wider and wider as John 
spread oil all over them.  The idea that John was looking right down between 
her cheeks at her tight anus made her blush and a shiver ran down her spine 
at the thought.  A new stream of oil at the top of her bum trickled down 
between her now spread bottom and right over her anus to end up sliding down 
the newly smooth lips of her pussy.

John's hands slid along her crack of her bum and over the tight rear 
opening.  Dani gasped at the sensation.  Again and again, his hands ran 
down, one or two fingers running along the crack.  Finally, they ran down in 
one stroke and up in another with one finger sliding slightly into her 
bottom.  The sensation was electric.  Dani moaned and felt her bottom rising 
up from the towel involuntarily.  Then the finger was gone.  The next 
stroke, it was back again sliding half its oiled length into her bottom this 
time.  The next stroke, it slid in its entire length and stayed there, 
holding her open.

The finger left her again and again, sometimes adding more oil but each time 
sliding itself fully into her bottom in an inexorable rhythm until Dani's 
hips were moving up and down in synch with the penetration of her rear.

The hands left her bottom and Dani felt the headphones pulled from her ears. 
  "Having fun so far?" John asked.  "Oh God yes!" she replied.

Gentle hands urged her shoulders over until she was flat on her back on the 
towel. Dani blushed under the blindfold.  Her newly bare pussy was now on 
complete display.  More warm oil was to come and Dani rested back to enjoy 
the sensations as her neck, then arms then breasts and belly were oiled.  
Slippery fingers teased The warm oiled hand on her bare pubis was inevitable 
and Dani was sure she'd come as soon as it touched her.  The touch between 
her legs was fleeting though, adding oil to an already soaked pussy for a 
moment before leaving her.
Dani felt her hands taken gently above her to the top of the bed.  Something 
soft was placed around her wrists and then they were fastened to the top of 
the bed.  She was helpless now but to do whatever John wanted with her.

Wider soft straps were gently attached around the bottom of Dani's thighs.  
Dani figured she'd have her legs pulled apart so she was surprised when her 
right leg was bent at the knee and pulled up to the side and way back near 
her chest.  Her left leg followed leaving her spread wide, wide apart and 
back with every part of her exposed.  Dani had never felt this open and her 
inability to see only made the sensation more poignant as she imagined what 
she must look like.  Her breathing was coming quicker now as she felt more 
and more like a purely sexual being.

It was John's lips and tongue next and they started at her neck before 
moving all over her body.  Her over-sensitive nipples were tugged by tight 
lips as a hot tongue slid over them, making them achingly hard.  Dani's 
spread open, smooth pussy was swollen, hot and soaking wet as it waited for 
John's tongue to reach it.  Her clit, was tight, so hard and aching that it 
almost hurt as she moaned now, begging him to touch it, begging him to bring 
her off.

John's finger spread her even more open as his mouth descended on her pussy, 
first licking up the sides of her smooth lips before sucking her clit into 
his hot mouth.  Dani cried out as he did so.  She was so, so close.  She 
pulled at the straps around her wrists as she tried to bring her hands down 
to hold his head.

John pulled away with Dani begging him not to.  She wouldn't wait long.  The 
tip of his cock was at her hot entrance in a moment.  He didn't hold back.  
His full length was in her in one long stroke.  Dani cried out now as John 
moved in and out in long hot strokes.  She felt her orgasm start from the 
very tips of her toes and fingers and every muscle pulled as she came.  John 
slowed down to a very slow pace then she started again and he picked up the 
pace, letting her come again.

If she hadn't been tied, she would have made him stop, she was so sensitive 
but she was helpless to do anything as he slowly pulled all the way out.  
"Oh no," she whispered as his cock slid an inch lower to push at her hotly 
oiled bottom.  She was so spread and so hot that it took almost no effort 
for the tip of his cock to slide into the hot ring of muscle that guarded 
her bottom.  She felt him spread her open as he paused for a moment, letting 
her accustom herself to the anal penetration.  His wait shifted and he slid 
in another inch then the rest of the way in one long stroke.  "Oh man," he 
moaned at the tight sensation.  It wouldn't be long now and Dani felt 
another orgasm come from deep in her belly.  She couldn't move at all but 
John could and she could feel every millimeter of him sliding in and out of 
her slippery bottom.  His breathing was ragged now, he'd held out as long as 
he could and Dani felt him thrust hard, deep into her bowels as he cried 
out.  It was enough for her, she came again with him as she could feel the 
hot sensation deep in her bottom as he came hard, his back arched as far as 
he could into her bound body.

It was a minute or two before they returned to their senses.  John untied 
first her thighs then her hands before pulling the blindfold from her.  They 
were spooned together, catching their breath for a couple of minutes before 
either could talk.

"Was it good?" he asked.

"You know it was," smiled Dani.  "Next time it will be your turn."





Dani's Day
Story #82 in the Master Chris Collection
By Master Chris

She had been very specific in her message.  Bill was to be waiting in her 
apartment in exactly the manner she had described absolutely no later than 
7pm Friday night.  Dani had gone to great lengths to describe what she was 
expecting in great detail.  Bill's heart had leapt into his throat as he'd 
read the graphic description of what he was to do to prepare himself.

A key to Dani's place had been included in the couriered package along with 
the note and the time Bill was to be ready.  "You often tell me you'd do 
anything for me," the note had read.  "This will be your chance to prove it. 
  Until the sun comes up tomorrow morning you are to unquestioningly obey my 
every command no matter how embarrassing you might find the request.

Bill was hard under the desk before he finished reading the note.  He 
scrambled out of work in a hurry at exactly 5:00pm.  He had to be ready by 7 
o'clock and that didn't leave him much time.  Dani had been specific.  Bill 
was to have soaked in a bath and taken a shower before arriving.  He was to 
be freshly shaved, wearing cologne and arrive with flowers no earlier than 
6:15pm and no later than 6:45 in order to ensure he was ready as requested.

Bill split the difference.  It was already getting dark when he rolled up to 
Dani's apartment at 6:30.  The note had told him to enter using the key and, 
as soon as the door was closed to immediately remove every stitch of 
clothing and any jewelry.  There would be a note on the foyer table with 
further instructions he was told.

As Bill walked in, he was struck by how dark the apartment was.  There was 
only a single light in the foyer and another dim light coming from the 
bedroom.  "Hello?" Bill called out but there was no reply.  He took a deep 
breath.  This was the point of no return.  Looking around again, as though 
to be sure there was no one in the room with him, Bill pulled off his shirt. 
  He looked around and then figured he'd better fold things as he took them 
off.  The shirt, pants and socks went onto the chair by the front door and 
then, with another deep breath, Bill pulled his boxers to his ankles in one 
quick pull.  They went onto the chair too and then Bill turned his attention 
to the lone envelope.  'What would she ask now?' He wondered.   The note was 
short.

"Bill, I hope you've already stripped for me.  If not, do so immediately, 
before continuing with this note.  Don't forget any jewelry and yes, this 
means your watch!"  Bill looked down at his wrist.  Sure enough, he'd 
forgotten to take his watch off.  It went on the boxers.  He felt strangely 
out of control without it.

"I'm so going to enjoy examining every bit of your naked body tonight.  Now 
that you're completely naked, you can put the flowers you brought into the 
vase on the table where you found this note.  There is water in it already.

Once that's done, you're to go into the bedroom.  It's the only other room 
with a light on.  Don't be wandering around the apartment.  If you do, I'll 
know and you'll be punished.

Bring the note with you.

Now that you're in the bedroom, you'll see the bed has been turned down 
already.   You'll be getting on it in a moment.  I'll want you waiting for 
me in a very particular position and the only clothing you'll be wearing is 
the blindfold on the dresser.  Pick it up now."

Bill turned to the dresser to pick up a sleeping mask such as are given out 
on long airplane rides.  Dani's digital camera was conspicuously right 
beside it, the only other object on the dresser.  "Oh no," Bill whispered.

He turned back to the note.   "Ah, did you see my camera?  Yes, that's 
right, I'll be taking a few pictures of you in your current state of undress 
tonight.  I hope you won't find them too embarrassing.

Now, I'm sure you're wondering what position I'd like you waiting for me in. 
  Don't worry; you'll have been put into a number of different exposing 
positions before I take your blindfold off much, much later tonight.  This 
is only the first one.

You're to be on the bed on all fours.  You'll be facing directly away from 
the door to the bedroom at the end of the bed.  I want your ankles over the 
edge of the bed and wide, wide, wide apart.  Then you're to bend directly at 
your hips until your head is resting on the bed.  You can fold your hands 
under your head and remember, you are wearing the blindfold."

Bill's eyes went wide as he imagined himself in this most exposing of 
positions.  Perhaps not surprisingly, his cock had already voted on whether 
or not this would be a turn-on.  It was rock hard.

It was probably only a few minutes to 7 by now, thought Bill, I'd better get 
on with it.  The blindfold slipped on easily and Bill felt his senses 
increase as his sense of sight was removed.  The bed was right in front of 
him and he found it easily with his hands.  He crawled up on his hands and 
knees and spread his knees wide.
As he bent at the waist to lay his head on his hands, he could feel his 
buttocks part naturally.  No doubt there was nothing left to the imagination 
from anyone who would walk into the room.

Suddenly the room and the apartment seemed very quiet.  'How long would he 
wait like this?' he wondered.

It seemed like hours, and in each moment, Bill's thoughts ran riot.  What 
would happened, what would she make him do?  Each thought was more 
outrageous than the last.  His exaggerated exposed position left all his 
attention on his bare bottom and his cock and balls which hung down below 
it.  His erection had not wavered.  Bill had been blessed with a thick 8 
inch cock and every millimeter of it was rock hard and twitching.

The key in the front door sounded as loud as a gunshot.  Bill's head jerked 
up at the sound.  Everything in him was crying out to jump to his feet and 
find cover but somehow he restrained himself.  The door opened and then 
closed and he could hear high-heeled footsteps walking around the foyer.

Bill waited for the sounds to come right to the bedroom but they did not, he 
could hear Dani's heels walking into other parts of the apartment, cupboards 
opening and closing.  'She does remember that I'm here doesn't she?' he 
wondered.  Of course Dani did.  She had been thinking of little else for the 
last couple of days.  The flowers and folded clothing let her know that Bill 
had arrived and she was holding back for a moment, letting Bill's and her 
own anticipation build before seeing if he had prepared himself exactly as 
she' d asked.

Dani kicked off her heels and went to the bathroom.  Bill was in for a few 
surprises before the evening was over. She came out in a bathrobe and not 
much else.  A glass of wine from the kitchen and she was ready.  Without her 
heels, Bill probably wouldn't' be able to hear here as she came in the 
bedroom and Dani was deliberately quiet.

The sight as she turned the corner was better than she had been fantasizing 
for days.  Bill was in perfect position and a gush of heat washed over Dani 
starting from deep in her belly.  The position had spread him out just 
perfectly.  His tight buttocks which Dani so loved to grab and tease were 
now spread wide open, leaving his crinkled pink anus exposed completely to 
her view.  His balls were hanging down between his outstretched legs, just 
begging to be squeezed.  She looked for his cock and was surprised to not 
see it until she bent down and saw why.  Bill's cock was rock hard, 
twitching even as it tried in vain to bring its thick girth up to Bill's 
tummy.

Dani walked forward and ran just a fingertip up Bill's right thigh.  Bill 
jerked hard at the touch.  "Hi lover," she whispered.  Bill's body relaxed a 
fraction.  "I'm glad it's you," he said.  "I imagined all kinds of people 
might have come in."  "Oh no," said Dani.  "I'm keeping this body all to 
myself... for now."

The hand left Bill's thigh and he strained to hear where she was and what 
she was doing.  Even through the blindfold, the flash of the digital camera 
was a dead giveaway.  It had come from right behind him and Bill blushed 
hard as he imagined what picture he was presenting.

Another click and a flash from the side and Bill knew that more of him was 
now immortalized in a photo.

The camera went back on the dresser and Dani opened a drawer for the toys 
she'd put aside for tonight's games.

The oil was first.  It was baby oil, and Dani started by dribbling some over 
the middle of Bill's back.  Her hands were slippery as she spread the oil 
around.  The hands went further and further, until they were at his sides.  
Bill, no doubt was hoping the slippery hands would end up at his cock but 
they did not.  Now Dani moved lower, more oil and a smooth rubbing of his 
tightly bent bottom until her hand were running up and down in a circular 
motion hot and slippery.  They came closer and closer to the center until on 
each circle, she was running both her index fingers right up the centerline 
of his spread open bottom.  Each time the fingertips slid over his pink 
crinkled anus, it spasmed at the sensation.  She did this over and over 
until he started to relax at the incredibly intimate exposure then on the 
next pass let her right index finger, still covered in oil slide its full 
length right up his bottom.  Bill gave a huge gasp and raised right up off 
his knees at the unexpected penetration.  Dani didn't stop there, she pulled 
her finger out and with more oil now dripping down his crack slid in full 
length again, and again pushing Bill right to the edge of an orgasm.

His breath was rough and shaky when she pulled out, leaving him whimpering 
as he hoped for more.

The toy Dani had prepared was ready on the bed and now Bill was lubricated 
enough to enjoy it.  The plug was about 5 inches long and started off very 
narrow before flaring out to a wide almost 2 inches thick before it narrowed 
again to a neck and then spread out to a wide "T" handle.

Bill held his breath at the first touch of the cold plastic.  What was it?  
Dani teased in the very tip, it was only the width of her finger.  In and 
out she teased then, when it looked like he had relaxed enough to accept it, 
she pushed the full length in until his sphincter closed tight on the narrow 
neck.  Bill had never felt anything like this.  He was full, spread open and 
unable to close his anus completely.  It was as though he was being 
stimulated constantly in his rear.

"Up you come young man," Dani said, pulling Bill to his feet.  The blindfold 
stayed on and Bill felt the unusual sensation of being filled in his bottom 
as he was pulled to walk forward.

Dani led him out of the bedroom and into the kitchen until she had backed 
Bill up to the kitchen table.  "Up you go," she said.  Bill pulled himself 
up on the table and, at Dani's direction got into position on his back, 
holding his knees with his hands.

The cloth straps were originally designed for luggage but Dani used them 
effectively now to wrap Bills forearms to his calves.  It pulled his legs 
even further up but the piece de resistance was the cord she had attached at 
each table leg.  A quick pull and the bound arms/calves were now pulled 
wide, wide apart, leaving Bill more exposed than any woman had ever been at 
her Doctor's in the stirrups.

With Bill trussed up, Dani took advantage to take a few more pictures.  
Bill's cock hadn't flagged a bit and was still twitching with anticipation.

Although Bill couldn't see it, Dani now dropped her robe, leaving her nude 
and hot.  She had been aroused all day thinking about this and Bill was now 
going to help her despite himself.

It was a good thing the kitchen table was so sturdy because Dani was now on 
it too, kneeling with her knees on either side of Bill's head looking down.  
Her pussy was hot and wet and only a few inches over Bill's tongue.  She was 
sure he'd be obliging if she lowered herself.

Bill was in for a surprise when she did.  Dani had taken the opportunity the 
night before to bare her pussy of any hair.  She normally kept it trim but 
now it was completely bare and Bill's lips would be discovering that before 
his eyes in a moment.

Dani had been careful not to touch him but Bill could sense her above him.  
It wasn't such a surprise when he felt her warm and lubricating pussy slowly 
lowering onto his face.  His tongue was out in a flash but Dani lifted off 
of him.  "Nice and slow," she whispered and Bill was much more gentle when 
she lowered herself again.

She could feel it wouldn't take long and she had orchestrated this moment 
carefully.  She leaned forward to grasp the end of the plug lodged deep in 
his bottom.  A slow twist and Bill was groaning beneath as he licked in long 
slow swipes up her swollen pussy.  She was close now, really, really close 
and pushed down on his face.  "Harder," she ordered and Bill sucked her clit 
between his lips to suck on it.  Dani gasped once then leaned forward to 
take Bill's trembling cock into her mouth.  Bill groaned load into her pussy 
as she licked the tip, then the underside then sucked as much of if into her 
mouth as she could.  The two of them were squirming onto each other now but 
Dani wasn't finished.  She reached over with a free hand and grasped the 
plug again.  She pulled, released then pulled gently again and again 
generating even more stimulation into her over-stimulated boyfriend.  She 
could feel the familiar shudder from the base of his cock as he started to 
come in a huge spurt.  The hot salty taste sent Dani over the edge herself.  
She continued to suck and swallow, moving her tongue around as long as she 
could as her own orgasm pulled from deep into her belly until she arched her 
back and cried out loud as she came and came again.

It would be a few minutes before she could gather herself and untie Bill.

"Whew," he said a few minutes later as they were curled up together on the 
couch, still naked.  That was the most intense thing I've ever experienced.

Dani smiled.  "I'll expect you to outdo it when it's your turn to be in 
charge."









Dani 4 - Cottage with company
Story 84 in the Master Chris Collection
By Master Chris

"Come to the cottage this weekend.  It'll be wonderful," said Tom.

"What's it like?" asked Dani.  She and Tom had been getting along pretty 
well but this would be like living together for 3 full days.

"It's the family cottage.  It's about an hour away on a beautiful lake.  The 
cottage is nestled into the woods away from anybody else.  It'll like be 
getting back to nature!"

"The family cottage?" asked Dani.  "How much of the family will be there?"  
Well on Friday we'll be on our own.  My brother Tim might come up on 
Saturday sometime, but you'll like him."

Dani had been going out with Tom for over 4 weeks and had yet to meet the 
elusive brother.  Tom had told her that he was a twin but Dani had not yet 
met the other half of the pair.  Two like this would be almost too much, she 
thought.  Tom was one of the most attractive boyfriends Dani had ever had.  
About 6 feet, 180lbs, his hair was short and dirty blond.  Dani had met him 
at the gym.  Tom wasn't hard to pick out of a crowd.  Dani had been peeking 
at his workout for a couple of weeks whenever they were at the gym together. 
  Tom tended to use free weights and several of the workout machines and 
Dani couldn't help but admire his tight butt whenever she wandered by.

She let him make the first move and he didn't disappoint.  Their first date 
had been romantic with lots of sexual undertone.  The innuendo was thick and 
fun and Dani had to restrain herself from jumping into bed with him right 
away.

It didn't take long though and Dani was delighted to find a lover with lots 
of energy and imagination at the same time.  With his clothes off Tom was 
even hotter than in the gym and Dani had cooed with delight as she finally 
pulled down his boxers to expose a rigid 8 inches of cock.  It was her 
favorite kind; thick with a good length and a large bulbous circumcised head 
that reminded her of a mushroom when erect.  Their bodies had fit together 
perfectly and Tom was strong enough and with enough stamina to satisfy her 
completely.  The first night had started on the couch and had graduated to 
the bed, the kitchen counter, over the living room sofa and finally on a 
sleeping bag he had thrown in front of the fireplace where they had curled 
up overnight.

Like Dani, Tom wasn't ready for too serious a relationship so sex could just 
be fun as they enjoyed each other's company.  Over the next few weeks they 
saw each other every couple of days and, so far, the thrill was still there.

A weekend at the cottage would be the longest they'd spent under one roof.  
It sounded great to Dani even if they'd have to tone down their after-hours 
fun once Tim showed up.

Tom picked Dani up from work at exactly 5pm and by 6pm, they were just 
pulling up to the lake.  The cottage was simple beautiful.  It was situated 
up a short incline from the lake on which Dani couldn't see any other 
cottages even though Tom said there were a couple.

Inside was a huge fireplace and a bay window view of the lake on which the 
sun was just setting as they unpacked.  There were 3 bedrooms and Tom threw 
their bags into the largest.

A barbeque with some great wine and the two settled down to a quiet evening 
in front of the fire.  Tom put on some soft music and, not surprisingly, 
Dani was soon locked in a 10 minute kissing session.  She loved how Tom 
kissed.  It was all out, nothing left back and his tongue seemed to go 
everywhere.  In no time, her panties were soaked and Dani untangled herself 
to get more comfortable.  She came back in a few minutes wearing only a 
t-shirt.  Tom had stripped down to his boxers.

The sex came naturally and soon Dani was on all fours in the doggy position 
as Tom slid in and out of her slick pussy.  They came almost together and 
then cuddled for awhile.  Dani figured they'd sleep by the fireplace but Tom 
pulled her up and they fell asleep under the down comforter in the master 
bedroom instead.

Dani slept like a baby and the sun was streaming in the window when she woke 
up.  She pulled on a t-shirt again and padded out to the kitchen.  Tom was 
in a t-shirt and shorts, standing at the sink doing the dishes from last 
night.  Dani smiled and pulled the t-shirt over her head before sliding her 
hands into his shorts from behind and running her hands over his tight 
buttocks as she pulled them down.  Tom turned around and Dani slipped to her 
knees as a rapidly hardening cock turned towards her.  She had just slurped 
the underside of his cock from the base to the head when she heard the front 
screen door bang shut.

"Hey!" said Tom from the front door.

"Oh my God!" said Dani looking from Tom's face at front door up to Tom's 
face above her.

"That's Tim you're trying to seduce," laughed Tom from the front door.  Dani 
squealed in embarrassment and she grabbed for her t-shirt.  Tim reached down 
for his boxers and by the time everyone was upright and decent, Dani had a 
huge blush on her face.  Tom was still chuckling and a moment later, the 3 
of them burst out laughing.  After all, what else was one to do?

"Now that you've met my brother," laughed Tom.  I thought we might go for a 
walk around the lake.

It took Dani a few minutes to regain he composure and then they were on 
their way.  Tim lead off down a small trail carrying a small knapsack.  Dani 
and Tom followed right behind.  Dani couldn't believe how much the two 
looked like each other.  She just couldn't tell them apart.

"I can't believe I did that," she whispered to Tom.  "I'm so embarrassed I 
don't even know what to say."

Tom chuckled.  "It's not the first time it's happened and probably won't be 
the last."  You know, when you're an identical twin, there's not much in the 
way of secrets between you."

Dani blushed again thinking about how the morning had turned out so far.

After an hour or so, they were half-way around the lake in a small bay when 
Tim called a halt.  "I'm so hot, I think I'm going to jump in for a swim," 
he said.  That sounded fine to Dani but she hadn't even brought a suit.  
Dani never got a chance to mention it though because in a flash both Tom and 
Tim were out of their clothes and in the water skinny-dipping.

"C'mon in Dani," said Tom.

Dani sighed.  Well, there wasn't much either of them hadn't seen by now so 
it seemed silly to be modest.  She had only skinny-dipped once in her life, 
on a dare on a camping trip as a teen. She never showed off like that but a 
moment later she too was paddling naked around the cool lake, letting the 
cool water rush over her now tight nipples and along her smooth pussy.

The water was wonderful and once everyone had cooled off, they got out to 
sunbathe on the wide flat rock that they had started from.  Tim had a couple 
of towels in the pack but rather than dry off with his, he just spread it 
out and plopped down on his front.  Tom and Dani followed suit.

The sun baked down on them and Dani stretched out, enjoying the heat soaking 
into her.  'How strange,' she thought.  'I'm lying here naked with my 
boyfriend and a guy I met only an hour ago!'

A few minutes later, Dani rolled over onto her back, now feeling less modest 
and more comfortable with the two men.

Tom leaned up on one elbow to look at her.

Dani's breasts were flattened against her chest but her nipples were rock 
hard.  The heat of the sun was keeping her sin warm but the thoughts running 
through her mind of the morning's surprise were making her hot in other 
ways.

Tom reached over with one hand and touched the tip of this finger to her 
left nipple.  Dani's eyes flew open.  Tom made tiny circles around just the 
tip of her dark nipple and it started to ache from being so hard.  Dani knew 
she should stop him but it felt so good.  She closed her eyes again and just 
enjoyed the sensation.  The finger left but Tom's tongue touched the tip of 
her nipple next.  'Oh no,' thought Dani.  She tried not to moan out loud.  
Here eyes were still closed when the inevitable happened.  Tom's tongue was 
swirling around in slow circles around her left nipple when a second hot and 
wet mouth gently descended on the right.

Dani couldn't help it now.  She moaned out loud as both twins started to 
suck simultaneously.  Dani felt her nipples pulled up and out by the hot 
mouths that had trapped them and arched her back as they continued to pull.  
Never in her life had she felt anything like it.  The tongues released her 
nipples, now a hue darker as blood rushed into them in response to the 
stimulation.

Tim covered the right nipple in again and sucked hard.  Tom grasped the 
nipple between his finger and thumb and pulled it up so he could lick just 
the tip.

Dani was moaning aloud now and started to squirm.  She kept her eyes closed, 
afraid that if she opened them, the touching would stop.

A hand strayed down her belly and Dani let her legs part but the hand didn't 
go right to her pussy.  It slid down her right thigh to grasp her leg just 
above the knee.  A hand from the other side grasped her leg above the left 
knee and gently her legs were pulled up and out until she was spread open as 
wide as was possible.  Tom's mouth left her nipple now and she felt his hand 
shift on her leg.  Tim was still licking when Dani felt the tip of her 
boyfriend's hot tongue sliding up her wide-stretched thighs.  'Oh God,' she 
moaned as Tom came closer and closer to her pussy.

Dani had shaved the lips bare in anticipation of her weekend.  The outer 
lips were engorged now and sensitive.  They were completely smooth, the only 
hair at all being a short brown tuft just above her mons.

Tom ran the tip of his tongue from way down along her buttocks, up the side 
of her crack and along one hypersensitive side of her pussy.  Dani arched 
her back at the sensation.  Tim was still playing with her nipples, grasping 
one in one hand while he swirled his tongue around and around the other.

Tom now licked up slowly along the other side.  Dani waited for him to suck 
her clit into his mouth but he did not.  The next long lick started almost 
at the small of her back.  Dani was arched up anyway, holding her hips right 
off the rock and Tom's hands were under her buttocks helping to support her. 
  His tongue slid right up the center of her widespread buttocks in a long 
slow lick.  It stopped for a moment right on the center of her anus.  Dani 
had never felt anything quite so hot in all her life.  The tip teased the 
tight ring, licking around then poking at it in a hot slurpy sensation that 
seemed directly connected to her clit.  Dani's back arched higher and then 
the tongue moved again, moving up the inner lips which were spread wide open 
naturally, hot and wet, waiting for attention.  Tom sucked them into this 
mouth as though not to forget them on the way to her clit.

She knew it would only take a moment.  As Tom gently sucked Dani's clit into 
his mouth, Tim sucked her right nipple into his.  It was unbelievable.  It 
was as though an electric rod was connecting her nipple to her clit and Dani 
couldn't help herself.  The orgasm came from deep, deep in her belly and she 
cried out loud as her hips bucked into Tom's mouth.  Wave after wave passed 
through her but the boys didn't let go.

When Dani had settled down a lifetime later both Tom and Tim were beside her 
again, Tom stroking the sides of her breasts and Tim trailing his finger 
tips up her still widespread thighs.

Amazingly, it wasn't over Dani's pussy was still hot and, wetter than ever 
before.  Dani had just had the best orgasm of her life but of course the 
boys hadn't come yet.  She rolled over onto her knees and leaned over Tim.  
"I guess I should finish what I started, she said and leaned down to take 
the tip of his hard cock into her mouth.  Now it was Tim who moaned as 
Dani's hot mouth encircled the purple head of his cock.  She ran the tip of 
her tongue up the centerline of his cock, teasing the large pee hole before 
sliding more of it into her mouth.  It was the underside of his cock that 
was most sensitive, she knew and she started alternating sliding her mouth 
down his cock as much as she could and dragging the curved tip of her tongue 
up the underside as she pulled up.

Tom's hips were moving in rhythm with Dani's mouth now.  She was in complete 
control.  For a moment she had forgotten about Tom but he was still there.  
Now Dani felt her knees pulled open.  Tom was kneeling between them.

Her pussy was so hot and so soaking wet that Tom's cock slid its entire 
length into her in its first push.  Dani squealed right onto Tim's cock at 
the sensation.  Her pussy was so sensitive but still, so ready to be filled. 
  Tom's cock as always was the perfect size.  Not so big that it hurt but 
big enough that Dani felt filled up deep into her belly.  It was as though 
the tip of it was trying to find its way up her stomach.  The rhythm was 
slow and easy to adopt as Dani moved her head up and down Tim's cock at the 
same pace as Tom's was sliding in and out of her pussy.

Dani was surprised she could even concentrate but it was as though the three 
of them had made one whole, moving in perfect time to each other.  She slid 
one hand down Tim's slick cock now and cupped his balls for a moment.  He 
was close and she wanted to make it as good for him as Tom was making it for 
her.

Dani wet her finger with her mouth then slid it down, down past Tim's balls 
to the tight anus peeking between his buttocks.  She teased it around the 
center for a moment, then slide it in, slowly, slowly but without stopping 
until it was as deep as she could reach.  It was Tim now who arched his hips 
off the rock and cried out as the sensations drove him up to the edge.

Tom was pushing harder and reached down with one hand to tease Dani's tight 
bottom hole.  It was still slick from having been licked and his fingertip 
slid in.  Dani moaned and slid her finger again deep into Tim as Tom did the 
same for her.

It was too much.  Dani's toes curled and her knees bent, as the orgasm 
seemed to turn her belly inside out.  The sudden contraction of her pussy 
sent Tom over the edge and he cried out loud as he drove hard into her, his 
cock coming in a huge spasm.  Dani's mouth was wide open and Tom pushed her 
forward.  The movement pushed her head down over Tim's cock and she felt the 
round tip at the back of her throat spasm and then eject Tim's hot salty 
come deep into her throat.

It was like being impaled and injected at both ends at once and it made Dani 
come again and again until the 3 of them were spent.  Finally, they all sank 
back to the towels and Dani felt tears come to her eyes.  The emotional rush 
overcame her and tears streamed down her face.  Tom and Tim held her from 
either side, letting everyone come down easy.

"I don't know about you guys, but I'm back into the water," Tim said.  A 
moment later the three of them were back in the water cleaning up and 
cooling off.

Once they were all out and dressed, Tom looked over at Dani.  "Well that was 
pretty much the best it's ever been," he said.  "I've never come like that 
but I'm betting we could top it tonight."

Dani's eyes went wide.  With a hot imagination times three, she was sure 
they would.








Watch what you wish for
Story 86 in the Master Chris Collection
By: Master Chris

Stephanie was embarrassed.  She could feel the hot flush of it on her cheeks 
and down her neck and even down the front of her chest.  It was a simmering 
kind of embarrassment, the kind that might have you wake up in the middle of 
the night, years later reliving the moment as though it was happening again. 
  It was entirely her own doing of course, but it didn't seem to lessen the 
feeling.

It had all started out with Stephanie and her boyfriend Carl.  Things were 
fine between them; stable, happy, content... but there was something missing 
for Stephanie, something of the fire and passion that she always thought 
would come with the relationship with someone she loved.  Carl and Stephanie 
had been together for almost three years now, since Stephanie was 19 and 
Carl was 22.  They had been instantly attracted to each other and seemed to 
fit together like a couple that had known each other for years.  Stephanie 
seemed to know instinctively that Carl was 'the one' almost as soon as they 
met.

Now, they had been living together for almost a year.  The two of them had 
made it a happy apartment with all the trappings of a long-term home.  They 
had settled into a routine and therein lay the problem.  Stephanie wasn't 
ready to settle down.  She still wanted the fire, the passion, the heat of 
anticipation and it seemed to have been leeched out of her relationship week 
by week.

She had tried a couple of things to get the juices flowing but Carl seemed 
more interested in his computer and the Internet than in coming to bed early 
to try something different.  Lingerie had cost Stephanie almost a whole 
paycheque.  She had figured the hot garters and stockings with a transparent 
bra and panties would have had Carl foaming at the mouth.  It hadn't.   Oh 
sure, he had appreciated them but once she had finally begged him to come to 
bed, the sex had been business as usual.  Stephanie wasn't sure what it was 
she wanted, maybe that he'd be so turned on that he'd have ripped the scanty 
clothing right off her body and ravish her... Anyway, it hadn't happened.

Stephanie knew he had a fantasy life.  She had browsed through all the files 
on the Internet.  Domination and Submission stories and pictures seemed his 
favorite kink.  Borrowing the handcuffs from her police friend Sharon had 
been inspired.  Surely this would let Carl know what she wanted... but no, 
he didn't seem to catch the clue.   They had discussed having a threesome 
but none of the combinations they seemed to think up would work.  Stephanie 
didn't want to have sex with a woman and Carl couldn't stomach the idea of 
her with another man.

Stephanie couldn't really complain.  Sex with Carl was Ok.  He seemed to 
make an effort to please her but something was missing and week by week, it 
gnawed at her.

It was finally her best friend Sharon who gave her the current plan.  Sharon 
asked how the handcuffs had worked when she returned them and Stephanie had 
burst into tears.  It took a while but finally Sharon coaxed the story out 
of her.

What Carl needed, Sharon said was a stimulus so direct, so unavoidable, that 
every erotic synapse in his brain would fire simultaneously.  She had 
coached Stephanie on just what to do and now, a week later, Stephanie was 
doing it.

It was embarrassing.

Stephanie had been in the exposing position now for almost 10 minutes and, 
instead of being more comfortable, she felt more open and more exposed every 
second she was there.  It had sounded all so simple when Sharon had 
described it.  Carl could be counted on to always come home between 6:00pm 
and 6:15pm.  Stephanie was to be waiting for him, suggested Sharon, in a 
manner that Carl couldn't help but ignore.  They had set it up that way.  
Stephanie had come home early from work today just to be sure she'd be ready 
in time.  She had started about 4:00pm with a slow luxurious bath, soaking 
all over.  Her fingers stroked herself all over as she washed herself.  She 
had been wet and horny all day, just thinking about this evening but she 
managed to resist teasing herself to completion in the bath.  As Sharon had 
suggested, Stephanie took this opportunity to use her razor to shave her 
light brown puss completely.  "No man can resist a clean-shaven woman," she 
had giggled.

Stephanie was sure to wash 'all' over.  Given the liberties that she hoped 
Carl would take tonight with her body, she even reached back to slide a 
soapy finger in and out of her bottom, making sure even it was squeaky 
clean.

Finally out of the bath, Stephanie wrapped herself in a towel and got the 
rest of her plans ready.  The note had been carefully written in advance and 
put in its sealed envelope.  Stephanie set it aside for the last moment.  
The other supplies she had purchased were all in her briefcase.  She took a 
thick bath towel  and, having folded it carefully, placed it on the dining 
room table.  Next to it she put the blindfold, the Vaseline and the rectal 
sex toy that she and Sharon had gone to buy together.  Stephanie felt a 
shiver go down her spine as she looked at the jar of petroleum jelly.  
Playing with her bottom was not something that she had a lot of experience 
with.

Stephanie looked at her watch; 5:45pm, only a few more minutes before it 
would be too late to turn back.  Grabbing some scotch tape, she went quickly 
to the front door and taped the envelope with the large "Carl - Read me 
before coming in!' on the front to middle of the door.  He wouldn't be able 
to miss it.

With only a couple of minutes now, Stephanie stood back to imagine the view 
that Carl would have when he entered the apartment.  The dining room table 
was in plain view of the door.  She'd be impossible to miss as he entered.  
Of course for as long as the front door was open, that meant she'd also be 
visible to anyone in the apartment building corridor.  Stephanie shivered 
again... too late to back out now.

Throwing her towel aside, Stephanie now walked, completely naked up to the 
table and climbed up on her knees.  Placing her knees as wide apart as the 
towel she had folded there earlier, she placed herself facing directly away 
from the front door to the apartment.  Stephanie's ankles were just over the 
edge of the table.  She reached down to pick up the blindfold and placed it 
over her eyes.  The sudden loss of sight took her breath away.  It seemed to 
focus her attention even more on her naked body.  Stephanie knew she was 
alone in the apartment, but with the blindfold on, she felt like there was 
someone looking at her all the time.

Leaning forward slowly to her hands and knees, Stephanie adopted the pose 
that Sharon had suggested to her earlier.  Lower and lower her head went 
until it was cradled in her crossed arms.  As her back arched down, 
Stephanie's nipples touched the cool hard surface of the table.  "Ooooh" she 
gasped.  The touch was electric.  Her nipples, already hard from all the 
excitement crinkled up until they ached.

Stephanie had nothing to do now but to wait... and think.  Her arched back 
presented her bottom and more in the most exposing position possible.  
Stephanie had peeked in the mirror earlier and knew that even from the front 
door, Carl was going to be able to clearly see everything she had to offer.

With her eyes covered, every other sense seemed to kick into overdrive to 
compensate.  It was as though every hair follicle on her skin was standing 
up and quivering, waiting to be touched.  Stephanie felt the gentlest waft 
of air cross right between her legs and across her stretched and exposed 
anus.  It made her only too aware how spread open and exposed it was.

Her nipples hadn't softened at all.  If anything, they were trying to poke 
right through the table.  They were almost always sensitive but now, they 
seemed to tingle from inside her firm B-cup breasts.

Her freshly shaved mons was hot and engorged, Stephanie knew that she was 
wet, soaking wet and that her inner lips were starting to puff out.  How 
long until she started dripping right onto the table? she wondered.  The 
slightest movement of air in the apartment made her wet lips even more 
sensitive.  Speaking of sensitive, Stephanie now could feel her clitoris 
starting to poke out of its usual hiding place.  She longed to reach down, 
to stroke it, to slide a wet finger along it, just for a moment but she 
resisted.  She knew that in the state she was in, it would take only seconds 
to come and then this would all be wasted.

Of all Stephanie's senses though, her sense of hearing seemed to have 
increased tenfold.  It was as though she had just adopted super-hearing.  
Every creak, every sound in the street, a drip of water in the sink, but 
particularly the sounds from outside the apartment door came to her as 
though amplified.

It had only been ten minutes, but in each of those minutes, Stephanie had 
been filled with questions, with wondering and, of course, with heat at the 
anticipation of what would come any minute now.  Each thought she came up 
with seemed even hotter than the last, each scenario and fantasy that came 
to mind seemed to increase her heartbeat.  Through it all was an 
undercurrent of embarrassment, of being more exposed than even her doctor 
had seen her, of waiting in this most submissive display position.

The sound of the key in the door seemed as loud as a crash of dishes might 
be in the kitchen.  From full-blown fantasy to full stop in a millisecond, 
Stephanie suddenly held her breath.  It was Carl.  Ohmigod, thought 
Stephanie, he's reading the note now.  It's too late.  Oh, my.

The note had been very simple.  Sharon had dictated it to Stephanie:

"Carl. When you come in, you'll find me waiting for you, naked and 
blindfolded.  I am yours to do with as you wish for as long as you leave the 
blindfold on.  Love, Steph"

The key turned in the lock and the door opened and Stephanie now knew that 
she could be seen, all of her, completely and utterly exposed to anyone who 
happened to be in the doorway.  Suddenly a horrible thought came to her, "Oh 
my God!  What if he's not alone!!!  What have I done!"  A full blush came 
down her face all the way to her breasts at the thought.   The desire to 
jump up and run was physical but Stephanie resisted.  She had put herself on 
display and now it was up to her lover to take her off he so chose.  The 
door was still open, Stephanie had not heard it close, it seemed to have 
been open for 10 minutes although she knew it could not have been more than 
a few seconds so far.  She knew that anyone who wandered down the corridor 
would see her and she prayed for the door to close but Carl held it open for 
what seemed like ages before the click of the door closing let Stephanie 
finally take a deep breath of relief.

She could hear every one of his steps as he crossed the distance between 
them.  Stephanie could feel herself tense up, waiting for his touch.  Even 
though she couldn't see him at all, she could feel his eyes roving over her. 
  She could feel the heat on her face and neck as she blushed some more with 
the thought of how exposed she was to him.

His touch, when it finally came was featherlite.  Just the tips of his 
fingers trailing up the inside of her left thigh from just above her knee, 
slowly, higher and higher.  "Mmmmm" moaned Stephanie.  Her breath was coming 
in short gasps now.  Oh, if only she knew how close she was to coming.

Carl chuckled.  "You seem very hot." He whispered.

"Oh yes," she said.

Carl chuckled again.  Stephanie heard his steps as he walked toward the 
bedroom.  Exposed as she was, she was sure that he'd not be able to resist 
jumping on her right away.  Should she get up, would he come back?  
Stephanie heard him walking around the apartment.  Now in the bedroom, now 
in the bathroom.  Finally, the sound of his steps let her follow him back to 
where she waited, open, and displayed for him.

His fingertips touched her again, this time high on her back.  Both his 
hands, trailed down either side of her spine until they were sliding down 
her smooth buttocks.    Stephanie could feel them as they rested gently on 
her bottom, one hand on either side, cupping her gently.  With a firm, 
motion, Carl's hands spread Stephanie's buttocks, wide, wide apart, using 
his thumbs along the crack of her bottom to display Stephanie's anus 
completely to his gaze.  Stephanie gulped air and held her breath.  If she 
had been exposed before, she was spread wide open now.  Stephanie's body 
seemed to have a mind of its own.  She felt a gush of heat and wetness deep 
in her belly.  Her anus 'winked' open and closed as she felt Carl's eyes 
boring into it from only a few inches away.  It prompted him to chuckle 
again.

Carl's hands let Stephanie's bottom go and then slid lower to discover what 
he no doubt could have seen from the moment he entered the door.  Stephanie 
felt his thumbs slide gently along the newly shaven lips of her drenched 
pussy, studiously avoiding her engorged clit.  He could hardly miss it.  
Carl had never seen it sticking so far out of its tiny cover.

Stephanie's breathing was a series of gasps now as Carl's fingers peeled her 
inner lips wide open.  She was, soaked, dripping even.  Carl chuckled at her 
frustration.  It would take about 10 seconds to bring her off if he just 
touched her clit, he guessed.

Carl removed his hands, leaving Stephanie in what was still a tremendously 
exposed position.  Stephanie's ears picked up again, trying to guess what 
he'd do next.

The cold touch of something right at the center of her tight anus made her 
jerk her hips forward involuntarily.  It was, of course, the Vaseline.  Carl 
had taken a large dollop of it on his forefinger and touched just the tip of 
the petroleum jelly to the center of her light brown anal ring.  Stephanie 
moaned and started to move her hips slightly as Carl made tiny little 
circles around the bundle of nerves.  Stephanie couldn't help her anus 
winking in and out, drawing some of the Vaseline into her bottom with each 
motion.  Finally, after what seemed to Stephanie like an hour of torment but 
was only a minute or so, Carl slipped the tip of his finger into the tight 
ring of muscle.

Stephanie held her breath again as he teased in and out in tiny millimeter 
movements.  Despite the tiny movements, Stephanie found her hips starting to 
slowly rock backwards and forwards, trying to get more of him into her 
behind.  Carl took his time, choosing his moment to slowly, but firmly slide 
his finger its full length deep into Stephanie's rectal canal.  He held it 
there a moment, the moved the tip of his finger in a large circle deep in 
her body.  The reaction was electric.  Stephanie arched her back and pushed 
hard against Carl as she moaned loudly.  Carl slowly pulled his finger all 
the way out.  A moment later, newly covered with more of the cool slippery 
jelly, he slid his finger again as far as it would reach into the pretty 
girl's bottom.

When he pulled his finger out for the fourth time, Carl had thoroughly 
lubricated his young girlfriend's bottom its full measure.  Any more and 
Stephanie probably would have had an orgasm just from the anal play.

Stephanie waited for a fifth insertion.  She was so ready.  If he'd just 
play with her like that for another couple of minutes, she'd be able to 
climax just like that!

The next touch at her anus though felt different.  It wasn't Carl's finger 
this time.  "Oh my, it's the plug," she realized.  Carl teased just the tip 
of the black rectal plug into her.  He moved it in and out, letting her anus 
get ready to stretch wider.  Then with one had palping her bottom a little 
more open, Carl slowly slid the plug in to its widest point and held it 
there.

Stephanie had never felt so spread, so exposed, so, so opened as she was by 
the wide part of the plug.  Carl held it for a moment, then twisted it 
slowly, activating every nerve ending in Stephanie's bottom at once.  As 
Stephanie gasped for air, Carl slid the plug home, letting her sphincter 
pull it the last centimeter or so as it closed tight on the narrow neck of 
the toy.  The wide base meant it wasn't going any further in or out until 
Carl moved it himself.

Stephanie was even more turned on than ever.  Now, what would Carl do?

The sound of a jar top being popped off startled Stephanie.  Carl had 
already opened the Vaseline and that had been the only jar Stephanie had 
left for him to find.  What was this?

The smell of the Vics Vap-O-Rub was unmistakable.  Stephanie raised her 
eyebrows under the blindfold.  What next? She wondered.

She didn't have long to wait.  Stephanie's over-stimulated nipples had been 
barely grazing the tabletop since she had assumed this terribly exposing 
position.  Now, she felt Carl's fingers sliding along the table to trap her 
left nipple between his thumb and forefinger.  Stephanie had been blessed 
(she sometimes said Cursed) with nipples that were larger than average.  
They were a light brown and easily aroused.  When erect, the nipples became 
very thick and stuck out to embarrassing proportions especially when she 
didn't wear a bra.

Now Carl was teasing one of them and it had never been so hard in 
Stephanie's life.  He rolled it gently with slippery fingers.  Stephanie 
knew he was covering it with the Vics.  He moved slowly now to her other 
side and applied the same teasing, gentle touch to the neglected nipple.  As 
he was doing so, Stephanie could feel the heat begin in the first.  She 
moaned again as that part of her body, already highly aroused, was 
stimulated yet further.

Stephanie's body was in constant motion now.  The plug in her rear felt kept 
her rectum deeply filled and her anus held open.  From her blindfolded 
vantage point, Stephanie felt as thought it was open for display; for all to 
see; as though a throng of spectators could see through the plug into the 
deepest recesses of her body.

Her face was still a beet red but whether it was still from embarrassment 
was academic.  The sexual excitement running through every nerve ending in 
her body had her in a full-body flush.

The heating stimulation of her nipples only added to the turmoil.  It was as 
though she couldn't concentrate; couldn't figure out what part of her body 
she should focus on.  All the while, all kinds of parts of her body were 
crying out for immediately and urgent attention.

The sound of a 'click' and a flash that Stephanie could see even under her 
blindfold made her jump.  He was taking pictures of her!  She felt an urgent 
need to jump up and run and hide but knew that she wouldn't.  The whole 
scene had excited her to the point that Carl could have invited in the whole 
neighborhood and Stephanie didn't think she'd move an inch.

Additional pictures followed.  Each click came from a different direction.  
When he was directly behind her there were quite a number of them.  
Stephanie knew that her exposure was now immortalized in those pictures.

A new touch stroked up Stephanie's left thigh.  It was scratchy.  It made 
tiny stroking motions further and further up then stroked her smooth 
buttocks gently.

Finally, Carl spoke to her. "So, you've been looking for a little more 
excitement?" he whispered.  "Well, a submissive girl like you should know 
what's coming next then.  When you're naughty, you know you need to be 
punished by your Master and I've brought just the tool from your night table 
to do it with."

Stephanie couldn't believe her ears.  Was this more than she'd bargained 
for?  She knew now what she was feeling along her bottom.  It was the 
bristles of her hairbrush.

As she was thinking about it, the hairbrush left her bottom and the next 
sound she heard was a sharp smack.  The instant burning heat from the spank 
to her left  buttock seemed to follow the sound a full second or two later.  
By then there were two more spanks to contend with.  Carl spanked firmly and 
evenly across both sides of her bottom until it turned from lily white to a 
sharp pink.  By then, Stephanie was gasping at every spank.  It had only 
been going on for a few short minutes when it stopped.

Stephanie's bottom was rocking back and forth now in a clearly sexual 
movement.  Oh, when, would he let her cum.

Finally, she could feel a touch at her soaked pussy.

"I know you play with this," said Carl.  "I know what you think of when you 
do it and I know how you play with it."

Stephanie couldn't believe what she was hearing.  How could Carl possibly 
know how she played with herself?

Carl was touching her pussy now with something... What was it?  Oh God!  It 
was the handle of her hairbrush!  How on Earth had he known?  The tip of the 
brush teased in and out then Carl slid the whole handle deep into her.  How 
had he ever known that it had been in there before?

Carl twisted the brush slowly while sliding it in and out.  Stephanie knew 
it wouldn't take long.  She was so close.

Carl slid his free hand down near the brush handle.  The very tip of his 
finger found her exposed clit just waiting for something, anything to touch 
it.

He made tiny circular strokes around the hard nubbin as he leaned down near 
Stephanie's ear.  "You know what they say, Be careful what you wish for, you 
might get it.  I can tell you it's going to be very, very different around 
here from now on."

It was the final straw.  Stephanie felt her body convulse from her toes to 
her fingertips to the very center of her belly.  It seemed to go on and on 
and on.  Her legs flopped out wide, then together and she came and came and 
came.






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Master Chris


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





