BDSM Library - A Vacation For Jessica




A Vacation For Jessica
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessica's husband sent her to the masters institute for training and hoped to see all her problems corrected.
A "VACATION FOR" JESSICA - - - at the Masters Institute for Training
=====================================================

The city of Ames, Iowa is a fairly quiet town. Especially as the sun
is coming up on a Fall Saturday morning. Looking either way on
Chestnut Street there was little activity. A dog barked out a morning
greeting to the neighborhood and from somewhere, another answered. A
car moved slowly up the tree lined street. With no other traffic in
sight it slowed and started repeatedly as newspapers flew out of the
window landing randomly on lawns and stoops. One had to notice the
amount of trees and shrubbery present on the grounds of nearly all the
neat single family homes in the neighborhood. Privacy was a thing to
be desired for the folks on Chestnut. Typical was the Brown's home at
47. A medium sized two story white colonial, black shutters, red front
door and the neatly trimmed lawn bordered by the driveway which ran
alongside and led to the two car garage at the back of the property.
Most folks parked toward the back and entered and left by the side
door. Michael and Jessica Brown and their children had lived in the
home for twelve years. Quiet people, they were well liked by the
neighbors. And on this morning they were up early !

Across town at the Ramada Inn, three figures bustled about a shiny
black van. With the sliding side door wide open a passerby might have
noticed some unusual features. Behind the passenger seat was the usual
Captain's chair, like any other save for the dark colored leather
straps attached to the pedestal base,the arm rests and a sort of
headrest affair rather like a dentist's chair.  Immediately behind the
drivers seat was a flat body board, thinly upholstered in vinyl and
mounted atop a wheeled carriage like a stretcher. It too held several
leather straps and hand-holds cut into the sides for carrying the
board out of the vehicle. The occupants wore neatly pressed white
uniform type shirts, dress pants and polished shoes. They looked much
like ambulance attendants as the two men and one woman busied
themselves. "We should have done this last night after we dropped off
Carla" the woman spoke softly as she tossed two tangled bundles of
white rope to one of the men who, in turn passed one on to the second
man. "Who knew we'd get another call so soon and right here in Ames?"
The woman had climbed into the van and stood at the "body board"
sorting and folding what seemed to be dozens of items. White, Black
and multi-colored scarves, several sizes of cotton bandana type cloths
and dish towels three stacks of dish towels! "We were smart to use the
laundromat here anyway" the woman smiled at her partners 

"We're ready for anything!" The larger man asked "Who is this one
anyway, another wayward teenager for training"? The woman stopped her
folding and sorting and picked up a clipboard. "Let's see No! a woman,
married 37 yrs old Jessica Lee Brown." She read further. "oooOOOOoooo 
 signed in by her HUSBAND! Sheeesz! what a prick HE must be 
 The man in front spoke "You never know you haven't met
HER yet  "Yeah" said the female "but it says here the
husband says she'll be docile Oh and take off the straps, this is a
"rope and rag" job fellas  The three finished the task of
getting organized, winding up with two small duffle bags on the back
floor of the van. They ate a large breakfast then returned to the van.
The larger man would drive, the other rode "shotgun" and the female
busied herself in back. With the ceiling light on she zipped shut the
special curtains and tucked away any loose items of rope or cloths.
When the light was switched off the van was in total blackness though
the sun was well on the rise. She climbed into the Captains chair and
began to remove the restraining straps. She spoke quietly to herself 

"Yessss! rope and rags I LOVE IT!!" And the mysterious van rolled
smoothly out on the thorofare. In classic contrast to the black paint
were the only identifying letters "M.I.T."

"Michael!!! Please tell me what's going on! I've showered, dressed in
my running suit, made breakfast for us. Everything you asked and it's
only 6:30 and it's SATURDAY!. And why are the kids at my mother's? W H
A T 'S  T H E  S U R P R I S E ?!?!?!?!?" Jessica dragged out the
question and stamped her feet and shook her fists in little girl
fashion. "Have some more coffee dear, you'll know soon enough" As
Michael turned and left the room he said just loudly enough for her to
hear "They'll be here anytime". "WHO?? WHAT?? WHO'LL BE HERE
ANYTIME?????? MICHAEL!!!!!! Jessica shrieked in frustration and when
no reply was forthcoming she plopped back into her chair.

"According to the map, Chestnut is three blocks up on the right. Yep.
Chestnut. Turn here!" "I know for Christ's sake!" At 6:38 the shiny
black van turned the corner and all on board began to look for # 47.
"Fifty three, one, forty nine Here! The large van swung wide to the
left than sharply right as it quietly entered the driveway and stopped
by the side door." "Keep the noise down...I think this is a surprise"
The woman giggled again and the three attendants climbed out of the
van and duffle bags in hand, softly walked to the front of the house
and stood at the red front door. One of the men raised the knocker.

Jessica wasn't sure whether to be excited or frightened or both as she
sat with her coffee cup in her hand. Michael had left the kitchen. 
KNOCKKNOCKKNOCKKNOCK!!....."OH!!" coffee flew out of the cup and into 
her lap as Jessica's hands jerked uncontrollably. She leaped up to
avoid the hot liquid grabbing at a dish towel as if trying to wipe it
off "before it happened"!  "They're HERE dear!" Michael's voice "sang"
the announcement. Jessica's heart pounded in her chest she could SEE
it! "WHO was here?" Michael entered the kitchen. "Sit dear!" His voice
was stern but there was a trace of a grin at his lips. As she settled
back into the chair the archway was suddenly filled by three figures
in uniform. Strangers! an AMBULANCE SQUAD???? Jessica's mind raced for
answers!  Michael backed toward a corner, coffee mug in hand watching.

The woman with the clipboard moved toward Jessica and stood
practically on top of her intentionally causing her to feel trapped.
"Jessica Lee Brown you are hereby instructed to accompany us. Your
husband has made all the arrangements, I trust he's explained it all
to you" NO! NO! He hasn't! Who ARE you people...? I'm NOT going with
you!" There was fear in Jessica's voice as it cracked her eyes darted
frantically about the room.  She tried to rise from the chair but as
she nearly stood the woman nudged her chest hard and she fell back the
chair slid back against the wall and the female guard again pinned her
into the chair."Michael!! Tell them!!! OOOOOOHhhhhhhhhh! What IS
this??  The woman now stood hard against Jessica's chair her leg
between Jessica's as she towered over her soon to be captive. The
feeling of confinement..of intimidation were too much for Jessica and
she screamed out "PLEASE"!! Get OFF me!! and with two hands she PUSHED
the woman away backwards.  The woman pretended to trip and fell on her
butt letting the clipboard fly over her head and hollering "OK THat's
it...she's NOT docile.....we'll do it MY way!! 

"Michael!!! her voice was pitifully hoarse and broken.  Finally, from 
where he stood against the wall, her husband spoke so softly she had
to stand still to hear him.  "Jessica dearest, for the longest time
you've talked about things you're unhappy with things about yourself.
Although I love you, I feel there are things about you I would like to
see changed also.  With or without your cooperation I have made
arrangements to correct ALL of these flaws." Michael put down his cup
and walked closer to his wife and took her two hands in his as she sat
on the edge of the chair. "Now, Jessica, these people are going to
take you to a place where that will be accomplished. You will not know
where you are. I neither will know where you've been taken. I do not
know how long you will be held there."  Michael drew up a chair next
to his wife. "I have made a list of all the physical and emotional
shortcomings I could think of and"  He unfolded five or six
sheets of paper and Jessica could see writing on BOTH SIDES! Michael
handed the paper to the woman  "And as you can see, it's
quite a list dear!!! Our contract with the institution calls for your
return home when THEY consider ALL of your problems corrected!"  He
stood up and went to pour another mug of coffee. "As for how long ?
They say that depends ENTIRELY upon you.

The large man stepped forward unzipping the duffle bag  "Excuse me,
but we've spent too much time here and we've a very long ride back.
Stand up Mrs. and cross your wrists behind your back" he spoke softly.
"WHAT??? TIE ME UP???? You people are CRAZY!" Jessica leapt from her
chair and, pushing the female guard aside, bolted for the arched
doorway the only exit. As she raced past the smaller man he casually
extended his foot and Jessica took flight briefly then fell in a heap
on the thick dining room carpet. Before she could scramble to her feet
again, the woman was on top of her holding her arms behind her, the
small man crossed her wrists and the guy with the bag withdrew a long
length of rope and in seconds her hands were bound and cinched. They
sat her up and the long ends of the rope were wrapped twice about her
waist, trapping her hands and binding them tightly to back. He knotted
the waist rope in front and the two men lifted Jessica to her feet.
Michael! Michael! Don't do this ..I'll be good! I'll do
everything....er.ANYTHING !!!!!" She was beginning to cry now. "MI - -
Chaelllll....!" she was sobbing. If she had any thoughts that her
pleas to her husband would touch his heart and make him stop this
horror they were dashed in a FLASH OF LIGHT! Michael stood grinning at
her with his CAMERA! snapping shot after shot. At that final
indignity, Jessica knew the struggle was over. Michael left the room
and the men guided Jessica backwards to the chair where the woman
waited with a folded band of towel in one hand and what looked like a 
scarf in the other.  The large man's hands were firmly upon her
shoulders, holding her fast to her chair. The woman came before her 
holding a white kerchief and as she placed it over Jessica's head she 
spoke soothingly. "This is just to prevent your hair getting caught in
things" and she she knotted the cloth loosely under the prisoner's
 chin. 

"My name is Toni, it's my job to restrain you for the trip. It'll will
be better if you don't resist any more" And as Jessica stared up
blankly into her captor's dark eyes, Toni lightly patted her cheek.
"We were told that you would come along calmly but that is clearly not
the case and so I have instructions I must follow...I'm sorry"  She
snugged up the scarf a bit and pressed the folded towel over Jessica's
eyes. "You will not be blindfolded during the ride but for the next
thing I don't wish to be watched!" Jessica wondered what "next thing"
the woman meant.  There was the rustling of cloth a zipper closing,
movement about her..Jessica was confused until she felt a wad of cloth
pressed against her lips. "Open wide Mrs. Brown" Instinctively and in
fear of giving up her speech, Jessica clamped her lips into a thin
hard line and shook her head wildly for several seconds until without
warning strong hands from behind seized her head at the ears and held
it rigid! She was amazed at the strength of the man she knew it must
be the big guy. The cloth was back at her mouth and Toni said "For the
last time, Mrs. Brown, OPEN UP!" She hissed at her captive. "Though
her hearing was blocked by the hands over her ears Jessica heard Toni
say to someone "spreader!. There was silence, stillness for a minute
or so. Jessica was startled to feel a hand raising her jacket she
tried to rest herself away but she was still held down.. The hand was cold and as it reached her breast, it slowed
and gently felt about with a finger or two seeking her nipple. As the
fingers found the nub and began to massage it between thumb and
finger, she thought, Jessica wondered.."Why was
..AAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHGGGG!!!!!!. Pain shot through her chest as she'd 
never felt before as her nipple was SQUEEZED!! TWISTED!! Her mouth had
flown open in a scream and as her tit was released she realized she 
could not close her mouth.  Something hard and rubbery had been placed
between her side teeth. Toni spoke again and giggled! "Like I said
Mrs. Brown now we'll do it MY way. Open your mouth further or I'LL do
it! and to demonstrate she jacked Jessica's jaws open. She felt two
"clicks". Toni had put some kind of a dental tool in Jessica's mouth.
"Listen lady, I can spread your jaw till it's touching your chest! If
you don't want that just relax your jaw. "AAWWWWGGGRRRFF" Jessica
moaned and as she tried to relax it, her jaw was opened two more then
a third notch and it was held there. "OK Mrs. Brown"  Now to
fill it up. The next few minutes seemed like forever to the helpless
Jessica. 

The man holding her head tipped it far backward and Toni began
stuffing cloth into her mouth. "Too bad lady" Toni cooed " I would
have just popped a rag in there to keep you quiet and you'd have been
fine. But NOW we're going to see who's in control  The
first cloth was pushed deep in Jessica's mouth as another  was packed in. Toni's fingers stuffed the cloth into
Jessica's cheeks, under her tongue. When she pulled out her fingers
Jessica expected a cloth tied over it but ANOTHER rag entered her
mouth! Toni poked and prodded and even forced cloth between the
captive's teeth and her lips. Jessica was afraid she would "Gag" on
the gag but Toni knew her task and the cloths did not choke. Rather,
her idea was to keep Jessica's mouth wide open and her jaws strained.
Toni released the spreader but Jessica's jaws barely moved together.
Toni patted her cheeks again and said "Beautiful! now watch this.
Another bandana folded to 2" wide was pulled between Jessica's teeth
forcing the whole gag deeper in her mouth. Then Toni said "And THIS!"
So saying she seized the ends of the head scarf and with a GRUNT!
pulled with all her might and bound Jessica's jaw tight to the
wadding. Jessica had never experienced a gag like this or even near to
it. But in the midst of her fear and all the questions unanswered
something was "stirring" in Jessica. In the darkness, in her bondage
the tightness of her wrist bonds the incredible discomfort of her
overly gagged mouth the feeling she might gag She couldn't think her 
mind was a blur awash with feelings of constriction, helplessness, the
pressure at her mouth stuffed open yet tied shut at once the wadding 
tasted dry but clean she tested her gag "mmmmfffggmm" She could barely
hear what would have been a shout! Toni wasn't finished and Jessica
felt  the constriction of another cloth being tied over her mouth!
This was a dish towel, Jessica knew immediately and in the midst of
her agony she thought to herself  she thought then wondered if she were crazy. Then the
drivers voice..." Uhhhh. Jessica Lee Brown !! No, No just HER!
whaddyawant anyway !! The van leaped forward with wheels spinning in
the gravel then caught the pavement and screeched! "Slow down! Toni
warned so he's an idiot." "Where'r we taking Ol'Jessie B. here? The
drivers answer caused Jessica's heart to skip several beats.. "LONG
TERM RECEIVING" can you believe it?  "No shit! My God, what did her
husband send her up here for Jees! Jessica had no idea what any of it
mean't yet she began to cry silently, she cried. The van stopped
again, another horn blast and an automatic door opened. She could tell
by the sound that she was inside a building, a garage and the van
stopped and the engine turned off. The three attendants said nothing
to Jessica they just piled out of the van and she could hear them
talking their voices growing fainter then a slammed door and utter
silence. Jessica stared at the dark ceiling. Her neck hurt from the
strain EVERYTHING HURT FROM THE STRAIN ! She wanted to close her eyes
but when she tried it she found her lids couldn't stay closed due to
her forehead stretched by the towel. She stared at the ceiling. In
time it seemed, despite the suffocating gag and the tight bondage and
with eyes half open, the exhausted prisoner slept.

===============================================================
Jessica's Vacation # 2b

Jessica was aroused from her half-sleep by the rocking of the van and 
the sense of people near her standing against her. As she tried to
move her head she realized all too well that she was still bound to
face the ceiling. As she strained her eyes downward to see what
happened she was Startled! The face of a woman came into her view
stretched over the form of Jessica in the chair, the face looked
straight into her eyes but said nothing. The reason for her
non-communication was obvious. Her mouth was stringently gagged by a
huge knot of cloth tied in center of a white towel. So distended was
her jaw that the corner's of her eyes were drawn
downward. Jessica would come to intimately know the "RKG"..... 
Regulation Knot Gag ! The woman was clearly in great discomfort, yet 
Jessica was sure she saw the traces of a smile about her eyes. Jessica
quickly guessed her to be her own age. Her blonde hair had been cut
too short the uneveness made Jessica fearfully wonder if it had been
voluntary. A second, black woman entered Jessica's field of view. 
The great knot in her mouth and the stark white towel stood in
contrast to her medium dark skin. This Woman's eyes were blank,
emotionless, sad no sign of a smile here. The first woman had stepped
behind Jessica and was unknotting the head towel. As it fell free,
Jessica was afraid to move her head fearing something pulled in her
neck. Slowly she raised her head and looked forward for the first time
in nearly five hours! Had she not been still gagged she would have
gasped in surprise at the sight of her two new attendants. Each, in
addition to their gags, wore wide leather collars. One of white and
one in black leather. It took Jessica a moment to sort out the images
before her. Both women wore jump suits of clear plastic!!! What had
puzzled Jessica now became clear. The areas around their breasts and
groins were made opaque in a "smoked glass" look. Somehow one's eyes
told them they were seeing these private parts but in fact they were
obscured. Each had a name stenciled on. Cindy, the blonde and Nora.
There were black bands that buckled tightly at each wrist and ankle
and in some way were attached to 4"+ black pumps. 

Jessica immediately noticed that small brass padlocks were locked on 
each of Cindy's cuffs and a large "Jingle Bell" on each lock. The two 
women began to untie Jessica and then she realized what had awakened
her it was the loud crinkling sound of like cellophane! "God! those 
jumpsuits are STIFF!, Jessica thought that noise would drive me
crazy!"  The women
worked quickly and confidently and Jessica's ankles and legs were free
in no time. They lifted her from her seat and began to free her hands.
They had been bound and crushed for so long Jessica had nearly
forgotten them. Immediately, "pins and needles" stabbed her as the
blod returned to circulation. Suddenly she was again aware of her
dreadful gag and raised her hands to pull it off. Nora slapped them
down and shook her head! Free'd of all the ropes, Cindy pressed
Jessica back in her seat and removed her sneakers. Nora handed her a
pair of 4 1/2" Heeled pumps with a wide ankle strap which Cindy put on
her captive. Nora helped Cindy to guide Jessica to a standing
position. She had to bow her head as it touched the van's roof. Cindy
stopped for a second and coughed. It was muffled and distant then she
held her hand to her mouth and "gagged" slightly she remained
motionless, then began to breathe deeply. She reached up to try to
adjust her gag and as she opened her mouth wider, Jessica realized
there was ANOTHER! cloth behind the huge knot! and it was gagging
Cindy. Jessica looked to NORA who just nodded and held up two fingers
then one finger and pointed back to herself. Jessica got it, Cindy was
double gagged, Nora was not, she wondered why. Cindy had gotten
control of her gag reflex and was breathing normally now though she
continually wiped tears from her reddened eyes. Nora moved up and 
gently pushed Cindy into the chair to rest then she began to unzip 
Jessica's jacket and removed it. The prisoner stood motionless before 
her, not sure whether to help or what? Her pants were pulled down and 
she obediently stepped out of them grateful for her black panties.
Nora picked up a length of rope and grunting instructions through her 
gag she turned her back and crossed her wrists in demonstration.
Tired, hungry and frightened, the hapless Jessica turned her back and
felt the familiar tightness of rope about her wrists again. Nora
grunted again into her gag, this time at Cindy and pointed to
Jessica's shoes. Cindy closed her eyes and nodded silently,
acknowledging an error. Nora reached in a bag and kneeling, she
unbuckled an ankle strap and fed it through a 12" dog's chain choke
collar. Then in one sweep of her hand she pulled down Jessica's
panties!

"MMMmmfmfmggm!" Jessica heard herself try to complain. The panties
came off her feet and the chain was affixed through the second strap
 Cindy had revived now and AT LAST!
Jessica felt fingers working at her gag. The thick towel was removed
and Cindy plucked at the knot in the "bit" she had trouble but it
finally came loose and Cindy turned Jessica to face her. Tentatively,
Cindy touched the wadding with thumb and forefinger as if afraid she'd
be bitten she pulled gently and the bandana came out of Jessica's
mouth  Cindy dropped the cloth and
reached for the second gag which she pulled out confidently now. She
started to turn away when something caught her eye and she looked at
Jessica's mouth..then her eyes and made the first sound Jessica had
heard..."MMmmffffr???"  Unbelieving, she again reached deep
in the captive's mouth and withdrew the pad of cloth that had pugged
Jessica's throat all morning, and drew it out. "AHH! AAACK Oh
God! Tha..... Before she could thank Cindy, Nora dove for her and
clapped a hand over her mouth. Nora shook her head in "NO NO!" Jessica
understood and nodded her head in the woman's hand. Nora released her.
Cindy had been to the duffle bag and now stood before Jessica with a
towel over her shoulder. A huge white dish towel with an enormous knot
in it's center. Jessica thought 

===============================================================
Jessica's Vacation # 2C

There was no use fighting and Jessica felt her shoulders drop. Cindy 
grasped the captive's face in one hand and squeezed the sides of her 
cheeks. Jessica knew well what she wanted and opened her mouth to 
receive the awesome looking knot. Insted, however, Cindy produced out
of nowhere a large white cloth which she began to stuff into Jessica's
mouth. Jessica pulled back but Cindy grabbed her hair from the back, 
looked her in the eyes and shook her head. With a cloth hanging out of
her mouth, Jessica understood the hopelessness of the situation. In a 
fit of spite  She FORCED her mouth WIDE OPEN as if to challange her
captor. "DO Your Worst!!" that sort of thing. Rather, Cindy did her 
best. She poked and prodded and stuffed the cloth in every area of 
Jessica's mouth wadding it far, far back again'st her throat. Then,
with a thumb holding the gag in place, she snapped the towel from her 
shoulder and in a twisting, rolling move managed to seat the knot
behind Jessica's teeth. Jessica saw Cindy's eyes smile again as the
blonde faced her. The ends of the towel hung from Jessica's face, she
resembled a walrus she thought. Cindy then untied the kerchief and
re-folded it and again drew it over Jessica's head, knotting it behind
her neck. 

Reason was returning to Jessica now in her semi-freedom and she
realized the scarf was to keep the cloths from tangling in her
shoulder length hair allowing the knots to loosen and slide. Then she
remembered the boyish "chop-job haircuts she'd seen on the only three
women she'd viewed today. The gag was now knotted TOO tightly behind
her head the already sore corners of her mouth hurt AGAIN but more,
Jessica wondered how long she would keep her luxurious shoulder length
hair. With the gag in it's place, the women lifted Jessica out of the
van and stood her on the cement floor. She teetered and stumbled in
the highest heels she had ever worn as she tried to stand still. The
gagged guards looked at each other and nodded as if laughing at her as
indeed they were. It was cold. Jessica shivered as Nora beckoned her
to come the two headed across the huge warehouse toward the only door.
Naked, with hands bound behind her, cruelly gagged, hobbled feet
allowing only baby steps on too high heels Jessica followed.

Minutes later, it seemed, Jessica completed her fifty yard hobble to
the door. She had slowed to a snails pace when at least three times
she stumbled and would have fallen on her face, hands tied behind her,
but for luck. Her keepers had long since disappeared inside and she
wasn't sure what to do taking the safe way she thought she turned her
back and managed a feeble knocking with her bound hands. The choice
was good for the door opened and Cindy stepped back to admit her. The
room appeared much like a lunch room light green walls, two doors off
the room and a picnic type bench in the center.  A table at the wall
held coffee and pastries next to a small refrigerator was a folding
screen as one might have found in an old dress shop. Behind her,
unnoticed at first stood a man, A GIANT man! Fully 6'6", maybe 300
punds, she thought and dressed mostly in black leather. At least a
black leather greek fisherman's hat, vest over a black tee shirt, and
the tightest leather pants she'd ever seen and there was no way this
respectable wife and mother could miss the enormous bulge at his
groin! His eyes were riveted upon her and when her gaze met his he
slowly nodded once and the single nod sent Jessica's mind reeling with
a blur of mixed messages - she decided she was afraid of this man.
Then it STRUCK HER! OH MY GOD! OH SHIT! and she bent over! crouched
down! and turned her back!!

Wrapped in her gag and high heeled shoes she had forgotten, she was 
STARK NAKED!!! And had just stood there facing this stranger this
brute! From the corner of her eye, she saw Cindy signalling her to
come to the screen and she scurried over and behind it. Cindy's eyes
were smiling over her gag again and Jessica wondered how she could do
that when her own eyes were tearing on the brink of "gagging" again.
Cindy stepped just out of the screen as Jessica watched. She grunted,
apparently to the man and pointed to Jessica. The deep male voice
filled the room "Novice plastics! She's got to go to Masters at two
o'clock !" Cindy nodded and disappeared returning in a moment with a
package that reminded Jessica of one of those plastic rain cape
outfits. Her guard tore open the wrapper and amidst a din of crackling
plastic shook out what appeared to be another jump suit like she and
Nora wore. Jessica correctly presumed it to be for her. The garment
was in fact for her but it was NOT a jump suit. It was a two piece,
pant and jacket affair. Cindy, seeing Jessicas puzzled eyes held up
the torn wrapper and pointed to the word "Novice". Jessica mentally
shrugged guessing her question had been answered. Cindy unstrapped the
captive's right shoe and pushed a pant leg over the foot then replaced
the shoe and chain. She repeated the act with the left foot and pulled
the plastic trousers to Jessica's waist in a roar of rustling
cellophane. "We like 'em noisy like that" the man's voice answered an
unasked question "Keeps the slaves from sneakin' around !"
 
All of what he said was lost on Jessica except one word which, coming 
from him terrified her!! She hardly noticed Cindy freeing her hands as
the word "slaves" ricocheted off the walls of her brain. She hadn't
yet deal't really with what was happening. Was SHE to be a slave? To
whom? To everyone??  The plastic jacket was Cold! as ice when Cindy
slipped it up her arm on to Jessica's body. Cold and crinkling. Awful,
worse than she'd thought. Cindy set about the strapping of each cuff
tightly to wrist and ankle,the belt at the bottom of the jacket and
the collar. On the chest, with a laundry marker, Cindy wrote
"Mrs.Brown / NOVICE". Soon, instead of cold, Jessica began to feel
heat, body heat with nowhere to escape to. In the clammy cellophane
she felt like she was already perspiring. Cindy matter of factly
crossed her prisoners wrists and again bound them behind her back
tighter this time it seemed. Jessica was starving and frightened and
sad and lonesome all at once and again the tears welled in her eyes
and poured down her cheeks uncontrollably. No one seemed to notice.
Jessica was led to a hard wooden stool and positioned to sit facing
into a corner. Her shoulders ached, her mouth had lost most of it's
feeling - And she wanted to go home!!

       
           Via Archives BBS 1-713-896-1721 Houston, Tx USA

             written by  Master Ken master.ken@arch.cld9.com




JESSICA'S VACATION - - - - - Wherein she meets Dr. Masters    
=====================================================

A telephone rang and Bart, the man who's name Jessica had overheard
answered on the first ring. "Receiving"... she's here now... she's
ready... Uh... just a moment! Bart looked frantically and Nora knew
what he wanted... the gagged woman quickly handed him the clipboard.
"OK,... let's see. Allan... Bennett...  Here! Brown, Jessica Lee
Brown... right!... no... plastics!... hair? no... a scarf... I know
 She's on the way... he's there now?... OK!" Bart hung up the
phone and walk to where Jessica sat now trembling. The giant turned
her stool to face him and said... "Time to meet Dr. Masters"
"mmfffmgmGG ?" Jessica asked something but nothing came out. She
searched Barts eyes for a clue..he saw her fear. He put his huge hands
gently but firmly on her shoulders, causing the crackling sound she
hated. "What is it Mrs. Brown... you're afraid ? Jessica's eyes were
filling with tears. Bart patted her arm and spoke softly to her.
"That's Ok Mrs. Brown, I know if I were facing what you are I'd be
scared outta my socks too. At that Jessica started to cry into her gag
with abandon.. "AAAaaaGGGGggffnnnn.. mmmmnnnggFFFGGGGRRR !!!" "Yes
M'am " Bart pulled her to her feet and the march through
the building began.

Masters Institute was an impressive compund of ancient stone mansions.
The main building was an immense stone castle like structure with 30
something bedroom suites two ball rooms and enormous library and the
office of Dr. Masters. Several other much smaller but equally rugged
and forboding buildings were spotted across the 300 acres. Each of
them had numerous bedding facilities for "guests". There were only
rumors as to what went on in some of them. Long Term Receiving was at
the far end of the main building and as Bart hustled the gagged and
hobbled Jessica along, she repeatedly tripped and he held her up as
though she weighed nothing. They walked down a long center hall
paneled in dark wood with brass and green lighting fixtures spaced
evenly, brass railings, brass spittoons, brass statuary... brass
everywhere and gleaming in the light. Somehow, Jessica managed to
wonder "Who polishes all that brass?" The large rooms on either side
seemed to be occupied by guests  In one Jessica caught a glimpse of
a tall beautiful girl in a wasp wasted pink and black corset, garter
belt, frilly maids cap and heels ONLY..carrying a serving tray of
drinks. A chain connected her shoes at the strap and her mouth was
held open by a thick pink scarf pulled between her teeth and holding
God only knows what in her mouth. Jessica noticed with further concern
her short cropped hair. As they passed from view the next sight to
startle Jessica was a short chubby woman forced into a ridiculously
tiny French Maids outfit. It was much like a white peasant blouse and
the too short skirt with petticoats stuck out straight leaving none of
her private parts hidden. She wore no underwear. Her feet bulged out
of 4" heels obviously two or three sizes too small. She too wore a
silly maids cap. But what bothered Jessica was the woman's arms had
been folded behind her back and literally laced to her back with yards
of white rope. A HUGE fluffy mass of white cloth was protruding from
her mouth. On closer inspection, one could see the thin scarf buried
in the cloth and deep between her teeth then knotted behind her head.
Before Jessica could wonder why she was gagged so strangely, the
pitiful maid bent forward from the waist and displaying her bare butt
to the passersby resumed dusting a table with her mouth. Bart had
paused as they passed then a few steps more and he stopped. 

"Stay here" he admonished Jessica  He returned
to the maid who's head now shook sideways back and forth "dusting" He
raised his hand and struck her a blow to her bare ass with his open
palm... "SSLLAAPPP!!!!" The report echoed through the halls and the
hapless maid, caught completely off guard, carommed down the hallway
bounced off the wall, knocked over a table and crashed into an
umbrella stand as she tried desparately to regain her balance in the
"punishment" shoes. Mercifully, she fell into an overstuffed chair and
looked back at Bart in disbelief?!?! "Next time you keep your face
down and dustin' when Staff comes by!!" He grabbed Jessica's arm and
they started off again. As soon as they'd rounded a corner Bart broke
into an evil laugh... "HaHAAAA!" I got'er good!! "HAAAhaha!" Jessica
had been experience a variety of emotions regarding Bart... but now
she knew what he was... and she didn't like it. The endless
walk went on and at the end of the hall the unlikely pair turned right
and in doing so nearly bumped into another maid at her work. Bart
stopped and pushed Jessica to the side with her back against the wall.
"Well Sally girl... how are we today ? He grasped the woman's arm and
she fought with herself not to pull back. Her face was only visible
from the nose upward. A wide green striped towel covered the lower
part of her face from her nose to her chin. So tightly was it tied
that her cheeks bulged over the cloth. her face was strained and
flushed from it's confinement. Unlike the others, Jessica noticed that
this woman, like herself wore a tight kerchief concealing all but a
bit of her hair at the forehead. Sally was made to wear a plain grey
housemaids dress. Buttoned top to bottom with white collar and white
cuffs at the wrists. A lacy handkerchief looked ridiculous pinned to
her chest. Her wrists were bound before her with rope in an extremely
tight handcuff knot and attached to a waistrope by a short tether.
Sally's ankles were also rope-hobbled above her regulation strapped on
4"heels. Sally wore a large ugly pocketed apron of white cotton. It
was stained and soiled as though it had been used for a month. A
bottle of some sort of cleaner or polish was in the torn pocket,
nearly falling out. In her restrained hands she held two rags. One
filthy grey and one somewhat cleaner... Suddenly it struck Jessica.
She had her answer. Day after day, early morning to late at night,
throughout the castle, Cruelly gagged and handicapped by her
restraints... Sally!... polished the brass!!

===============================================================

Subject: Jessica's Vacation #3B

As Bart forced his attentions on the maid... her eyes appeared near to
panic. His hand disappeared under her skirt and as he lifted it Sally
rose too to her full height to avoid his touch... but finally closed
her eyes and rocked back on her heels. Bart whispered "It's Tuesday
night y'know.. I'll be comin' for yer at eleven. The look
Jessica saw in Sally's eyes could only have been thought of as
exhaustion and despair at her lot... .Forgetting her own plight,
Jessica's heart went out to the hapless maid when suddenly her breath
FROZE in her body and her heart pounded...!!! On the maids chest...
above her left breast... "Sally Robinson /NOVICE" Jessica and Bart
stopped before huge twin oak doors... they must have weighed a ton a
piece jessica thought. "You have an admitting interview with Dr.
Masters... Watch what you say Mrs.!!"  Jessica cursed the soggy foul tasting rag in her mouth and
the knot that held her mouth agape!! Then to her surprise, Bart was
untying her wrists and they dropped free. Jessica at once began to
massage them...so sore were they. Bart coiled the rope and draped it
around her neck. She immediately reached to remove the hateful gagging
cloths!! but Bart seized her hands..."Oh no Sweety...not until and if
you're told...and he held onto her hands. At that moment Jessica
noticed a wall mirror behind Bart and instinctively she moved to see
herself then "OOOOONNNFFFFFFFF!!!!!!!" and her freed hands flew in all
directions over her breasts, her pussy. The cellophane crackled
incessently... Jessica's suit was TRANSPARENT!!! ALL OF IT!!! She had
thought that like Nora and Cindy, dark areas covered her
privates...but NOT SO the "Novice" suits...no-one had told herm and
her collar prevented her from looking down... for hours she had been
on display as good as naked...GASP!! and now this Dr. Masters? Bart
opened the door and pushed her inside. The huge door closed
behind her. 

Dr. Masters was quite unlike Jessica's expectations. Although mostly
gray haired, he was quite young..early forties?. His grey pin striped
suit was expensive as was the tie and shirt. When he raised his head
and sat upright, Jessica judged him to be very tall as well.  Jessica,
all 5'8" of her  with hobbled ankles, butt naked under
a cellophane suit, a babushka on her head and her mouth split open by
a huge white knot of cloth....Jessica Brown, the woman, wondered,...
"Will he like me?"

"Come here Mrs. Brown... Jessica", he added referring to some notes.
Jessica approached on tenterhooks. The cellophane roared like a fire,
the chain between her feet clanged like a fireBELL!. She had NO clue
what to do with her hands. She crossed them behind her back and her
shoulders hurt again...she held them together in front. "Pull up a
chair Jessica". Masters, looking down at his papers waved his hand
toward two straight chairs. Jessica carefully dragged one across the
carpet to a spot in front of the desk and sat down. Master's look up
quickly! STAND UP MRS. BROWN!!! NO ONE TOLD YOU TO SIT..DID THEY???? I
TOLD YOU TO PULL UP A CHAIR!!!!" Jessica FLEW! out of the chair and
back on her sore feet... she was completely confused and her feelings
were crushed...the tears were coming again and she didn't want that.

"Hmmmph!...you women wonder why your here..sweet little wives... "
Masters was speaking as to himself..."Well, THAT'S WHY!!!! Michael was
quite correct...Inattention...disobedience...failure to follow
instructions...inability to anticipate his every need ! Masters
slapped the papers down on his desk.."IT"S ALL HERE!... ALL HERE!!!!
Yes indeed. In her despair and confusion she thought  Jessica looked into Masters' eyes as though
gauging a rattlesnake...then slowly and hopefully nodded her head and
waited to see what would happen! "Very well. You may remove the cloths
and lay them in your lap for the present.  Jessica
couldn't move fast enough to reach the knot behind her neck. It was
tight. She couldn't budge it. Finally a nail caught under a fold and
it loosened.

The relief from the pressure swept over her. She drew the towel ends
down and tried to open her jaws wide enough to expel the knot behind
her teeth. Her jaw seemed paralyzed...she was afraid Masters would
grow impatient..change his mind. Finally she pulled steadily near the
center of the towel and the knot began to move. Jessica had to pull
DOWN on her jaw to finally roll the knot up over her teeth. It was
OUT! Masters sat now with his chin in his hand enjoying the show.
Jessica had to reach deep inside her mouth to pull out the smaller
towel that had nearly choked her for hours... the rag stuck to the
roof of her mouth and she rocked it gently till it released...and the
soggy wad of cloth fell into her lap. Masters actually smiled as he
watched her now trying to close her mouth... for fear her jaws had
locked. Only the muscles had been stretched..and gently, Jessica
closed her mouth for the first time since dawn... Bart's warning rang
in her ears. She sat still and waited.

Masters removed his glasses and folded his hands on the desk as he
leaned slightly forward. " Mrs.Brown, you have been through a lot
today.  More than virtually anyone would undergo in a lifetime" He
smiled broadly at her "And it's only two o'clock" Jessica smiled back
meekly...her lips wouldn't work and she felt like she was making a
face at him "Eh... yes, well I will explain your situation"  "This institution is unique, in this
country. We pattern ourselves, however, after the best programs
several European operations have to offer. Today we will discuss only
you and your future with us." Masters leaned back in his chair and
placed his hands behind his head as he began Jessica's orientation.

===============================================================
Jessica's Vacation #3 C

"Mrs. Brown, Jessica, you are here as the result of a great deal of
planning and cooperation between myself, my staff and your husband
Michael. To clear the air and any second thoughts you might be having,
which would surprise no-one. It would be easiest for you to think of
yourself as our prisoner. Although our brochure mentions the term
"client" in the most gentile manner I assure you that even at this
moment you are a prisoner... Further, since this is for all purposes a
private prison we need not diddle around about prisoners rights and
priviledges as given prisoners of the State. As a prisoner by
definition you may not leave this institution. You may not receive
mail. You may not receive telephone calls... more on that later. And
of course, you may  not have visitors. Incidently, you will have no
access to radio, TV or newspapers. You should know about our
recreational programs. They are commonly called "Work Assignments" and
by the way, your typical workday begins at 7AM and ends at 8PM. We
recognize of course the need for variety of activites and such and so
on given scheduled days your Work Assignment will be switched with
another prisoner. When you were picked up this morning, you left
virtually all your possessions behind you. You also left behind...All
your rights, All your priviledges, All choices, All privacy, All
physical freedom. I remind you that in the strictest sense perhaps
since the Inquisition. You are a prisoner. 

Now, we have nearly 100 prisoners here at any given time. They range
from recalcitrant teenagers to, as a matter of fact, unsatisfactory
spouses such as yourself. I don't mean to frighten you unduly but
yours is the toughest lot for the following reasons. In commiting you
to our facility, your husband agreed..on your behalf that we have
complete say as to your physical treatment in terms of restraint,
confinement, mode of dress and hygeine. We have complicated and strict
rules which you will observe to the letter or be punished in a manner
that FAR exceeds the misdeed. It will behoove you to memorize the
rules and adhere to them. I will tell you that they are frequently
changed  without notice and that, dear prisoner, becomes YOUR problem.
That's a bit about imprisonment....Now there is another agenda at
M.I.T. which concerns you directly. We have a staff of 40 people here,
men and women who work hard but receive no compensation other than
their room and board. "Why do they stay" you might well inquire. The
stay because they are "fans". Fans of Bondage, Discipline, Corporal
Punishment, Humiliation, Torture and virtually every other D&S related
activity. Each of them is an autonimous authority. Which is to say
that any staff member may select any prisoner  and subject them to any
authorized punishment for as long a time as they wish. You will not be
advised of authorized punishments save for one thing. We do not permit
Whipping or Flogging except by executive approval...Me. Now as for
you., Mrs. Brown.........."

"Frankly, Jessica I'm shocked and amazed at the number of items your
husband has included in this admission form and I wonder when he
expects to see you again. Sadly, this happens occasionally when the
husbands testosterone interferes with good judgement...but that is no
concern of M.I.T.'s."

"Now, when you leave this office you will proceed to the work
assignment area. You will be assigned a job and provided with
appropriate clothing. The level of bondage you are to exist in will be
decided and a colored badge will advise all staff members of it's
type. I DID mention  I hope, that all prisoners and trustees are
required to exist in some level of bondage at ALL times and in THIS
building no communication between prisoners is permitted. Hence, you
WILL be kept gagged at all times except when eating and when a
staffmember MUST speak with you. Now before you are dismissed you may
ask me one question... What is it??  Jessica was caught by surprise.

"I..I don't know..let me think..well..uh."

Masters stood up "Replace your gag Mrs. Brown. Not another word!"

"Oh! no please..I want to ask..."

"REPLACE YOUR GAG THIS INSTANT OR I SHALL HAVE IT DONE FOR YOU!!! 
And sadly, realizing she had blown her chance, Jessica picked the now
cold and soggy cloth from her lap and held it to her lips. Familiar
pains stabbed in her jaws as she opened her mouth. She forced the
wadding into her mouth and remembering the knot gag, pressed it to the
back of her throat. As she gagged lightly on the cloth, Masters'
looked up quickly and grinned slightly... Jessica could barely force
her mouth open wide emough to admit the huge knot that had to go in
it. Finally, as she had removed it, she placed the knot on her lower
teeth, pulled down hard! and rolled it into her mouth. The huge object
slipped behind her teeth and she knew it didn't need to be tied there.
But of course she had to tie the ends behind her neck. As she reached
up her hands, Masters came from behind his desk. 

"I'll get that Jessica" and as she placed her hands in her lap Masters
tied off the towel ends then PULLED! mightily. Jessica's eyes flew
wide and the knot sank DEEP into her mouth and the wadding jammed into
her throat..a second yank and the towel was in a double knot. Jessica
was gagging..... She heaved and wretched as
Masters held her arms pinned down from behind. 

"Control that Mrs. Brown!! You've GOT to control that!! NO ONE HERE
WILL REMOVE A GAG UNLESS YOU ARE UNCONSCIOUS!!! Jessica
barely heard his words as she stuggled to breathe
"slowly...normally..deep breaths....you can do it girl", she coached
herself for what seemed like forever and finally the nausea subsided.
"That's quite a nasty gag for a "novice", Jessica. On the other hand,
Michael tells us you are well acquainted with nasty gags thanks to our
mutual friend and associate, Master Ken   Masters spoke again. "Jessica, I want you to try
to say "Thank you Dr. Masters" Say it as loud as you can, under the
circumstances  
"ANNFFGHGHH OK..." At once Jessica began to gag and the cycle began
all over as Masters watched, grinning.

"Now THAT"S a fine gag Jessica!!....you see even TRYING to talk causes
you misery! Yes, that gag will do fine!  And now I have
something else to show you before you leave. From a desk
drawer, Masters took what appeared to be a folded towel, light green
in color...a dish towel dyed green....As he came toward Jessica she
saw a monogram on the front..." E/P " In seconds the towel was tied
over Jessica's mouth so tightly that she felt her cheeks bulging over
it like poor Sally the maid. "In case you're wondering, the E/P
monogram stands for 'Executive Punishment'. NO ONE but me is
authorized to remove your gag under any circumstances! Of course we
know you are NOT being punished, Jessica but since you like gags and
that one is SOOOoo uncomfortable, I'm going to permit you to wear it
till "whenever I send for you"  "And, Jessica dear, I WILL
be sending for you.. "Do you want to try 'Thank you Dr.
Masters' again?"  Jessica lowered her head and slowly
shook it. Masters pushed a buzzer and in seconds, Bart was beside
Jessica. He pulled her out of the chair and took the rope from around
her shoulders. Jessica had forgotten about it as she had forgotten her
nakedness in all the fear and confusion. Bart tested her... he held
the coil of rope up before her and she stared at it with the vacant
look a woman develops from being gagged too tightly
too long... Then turning slowly before the giant guard... Jessica
crossed her wrists behind her back.

COMING UP !  CHAPTER 4 : In which, Jessica finds work....!

Archives BBS 1-713-896-1721 
text by Master Ken 
master.ken@arch.cld9.com




A VACATION FOR JESSICA - - Jessica's first day on the...."job" 
=====================================================

Bart hustled Jessica out of Dr. Masters' office and down a long dark
hallway. Here there was no oak panelling, just green painted walls.
Jessica had to take three rapid 12" steps to each one of her guard's
and her ankles were hurting her from the strain of her high heels and
the chafing of the ankle straps as they twisted with each step. Her
shoulders hurt too and her face was hot and her ears buzzed from the
tightness of the cloths so tight about her mouth and lower face.
Jessica wondered how LONG she could endure the pressures then at once
recognized the futility of the thought......"P/E"...."NO ONE but me is
authorized to remove your gag"......... Bart steered her into a
small room, also painted that dull green color. There was a counter
the length of one wall with heavy wire screening reaching to the
ceiling. A young woman stood behind the only opening. Her hands rested
patiently on the formica and Jessica could see her wrists were
handcuffed with a 6-8" chain between them. There was a gag in her
mouth....a white towel with a large center knot. She wore a faded blue
short sleeved dress with square cut neck... She pulled the cloth from her
mouth and smiled at Bart as he handed her Jessica's folder. She did
not speak and Jessica saw the deep red pressure marks on her mouth and
cheeks.....she wondered how long this woman had been gagged. In a
corner of the supply room was a small raised platform, or stage
perhaps four feet square. Two steps led up to it. Two floodlights
mounted in ceiling fixtures shone on the stage and although Jessica
hadn't yet seen it. A video camera was mounted on the opposite wall.
Also on the stage, actually mounted on the wall was a sort of padded
frame. 

Two vertical canvas covered "bumpers" with pulleys between and a large
electric motor bolted to the stage beneath them. Jessica had NO idea
what it was. Bart leaned on his elbow at the counter and Jessica tried
not to shuffle her feet in the too high heels. Her feet hurt but it
was hard to keep her balance and she almost HAD to keep moving. The
clerk had disappeared into the stock room. After a few minutes she
returned with a white plastic laundry basket that seemed to contain
items of clothing. The clerk who's stenciled dress read "MARY"
"slave/assistant", spoke for the first time. "What the hell happened
Mrs. Brown??, We heard you were headed for a cushy job in the
kitchen".  Poor Jessica could only stare mutely and try to
understand.....Bart spoke up and walked over to Mary "What now?" "I
don't know...they had her set for "food prep" but it's crossed out and
now she's "MAID / NOVICE" and White Hanky!!!  Jessica listened
intently with no clue to what was happening...still she sensed there
was something to fear.....greatly ! " I guess Masters doesn't
like her" Bart laughed. "No", Mary muttered, "Looks more like he
DOES!" Then, leaning toward a microphone on the counter she spoke
"Slave assistant Nora to supply!" Mary referred back to Jessica's
papers and spoke to no one in particular.  "HMmmmm..... nothing here
about her hair......Guess she keeps the kerchief for now" There was
the now familiar sound of rustling cellophane and the rapid click of
hobbled high heeled shoes and Nora rounded the corner and into the
room.  She was still wearing the plastic jumpsuit and what looked like
the same RKG in her mouth but now her hands were cuffed behind her
back. She seemed surprised to see Jessica standing there but walked to
Mary's window. "I had to call you Nora", Mary explained...Linda's in
solitary for three days and of course my chain doesn't go that far
" Saying that Mary shook shook her foot behind the
counter and for the first time Jessica realized the clerk was on a
tether which kept her in the supply
cage. 

"NNNNGGNFFFFG" was Nora's best reply. Mary questioned "Why are you
still in plastics??" then remembered that the slave could not answer
although "mmmmmmmmfffffmrrrrnn" Nora tried. "Anyway,
Nora, get this one ready!" and Mary pushed the basket through the
window and Bart put it on the floor near the stage. He approached Nora
and with his key unlocked the black handcuffs from one wrist. He
chuckled to himself wondering if the black women get black
handcuffs?...Nora turned and lifted her face to him. "Naw, you don't
need the gag off...you're fine! Nora tried to beguile him with sweetly
raised eyebrows but Bart wanted none of her. Nora began her work. She
half guided, half pulled the prisoner Jessica onto the stage and stood
her in the middle of the platform. Playfully, Nora fluttered her
eyelashes and waved to the camera.   Only then did
Jessica see the video camera's red light winking at the scene on
stage. The floodlights felt warm and sun-like as Jessica's plastics
heated up. Mary spoke from across the room. "Mrs.Brown...Listen
carefully! Nora will have to release your bonds in order to dress you.
You are reminded not to move a muscle unless instructed to do so by
me. Bart casually moved to his left and his bulk covered the doorway.
Jessica had no thoughts of escaping. The clerk handed Nora a huge pair
of scissors, the points of which had been ground and rounded. Nora
moved briskly to unfasten the cuffs at Jessica's extremities. Her own
open handcuff kept getting in her way. With the cuffs and collar open,
Nora began snipping at Jessica's suit and in a minute it was in a pile
on the stage. Jessica's clammy skin felt instantly cold, in spite of
the floodlights. In the eye of the whirring camera, Jessica stood on
high heels, hobbled, hands bound behind her with only her nose and
eyes exposed, her face encircled by the head scarf. 

Standing on the floor so as not to block the camera's view of Jessica,
Nora reached into the basket and took out a bra, checked it out
quickly then reached back in for two copper colored objects...puzzled
at first Jessica suddenly recognized them as being "pot
cleaners".."Scrubbies or Scratchies" or something. Before the captive
could wonder what they were for, Nora tucked one in each of the bra
cups. She climbed the stage and stood behind Jessica then reached
around and fitted the bra over her breasts,fastened the snaps and
adjusted the straps over her shoulders. Then strangely, she produced a
small plastic bottle and inserting the tip in Jessica's bra cups,
drizzled a cold creamy substance into the wirey stuffing. Immediately
Jessica felt a sensation she couldn't identify but it was NOT
pleasant.

===============================================================
Jessica's Vacation 4  b

The prisoner's nipples began to sting! or even more like they were
HOT! Surprisingly, Jessica's mind flashed back to the hapless maid,
Sally and how she had seen her efforts to avoid Bart's
deliberatly patting her breasts....Was this the reason? Jessica
thought so....! "OOOOONNNNNNNFFFFFFFGGGGHHRRRRGG" 
In fear more than pain, Jessica' wailed into her gag for the first
time.....she HAD TO!!  Then suddenly it happened!! In exercising her
vocal cords, the gagging wad touched her throat and the awful syndrome
of heaving and retching began anew !! She had to have HELP!!...had to
have the gag OFF!!...her eyes searched the faces of everyone for
help...no-one moved to her...Nora backed down from the stage and
watched....Jessica was doubled over now!, her bound hands clawed at
thin air behind her!!  And then it stopped. The awful tickling at her
throat subsided and she gasped for breath blowing mucous out of her
nose with the force of her breathing. Only then did Nora chance coming
forth and gently guided Jessica to a seat on the edge of the stage. No
one spoke for what seemed like several minutes when Mary with real
concern in her voice repeated...."Never try to make a sound in an E/P
gag...Didn't they tell you that ????"  In an instant the thick cloth was pulled down over
Jessica's head and she felt the double drawstring tighten around her
neck. The loss of her vision frightened her. 

In her gagged state only her nostrils were free and now with each
breath the hood slapped against her nose and she had to breathe
through the cloth..... then it was blown away as she exhaled only to
return  An even wilder
thought almost would have made her smile if she could have...The smell
of the towel bag was of sweet fresh air!. And here, a helpless captive
hundreds of miles from home, she thought of Master Ken and their talks
of freshly laundered towels....Unseen hands now guided her backward
...two or three short steps and positioned her back against the
padded frame on the wall. Nora was doing something with the corset.
Jessica couldn't tell what. Then she felt a single hand on her chest
pressing her against the "thing"...then the vibration of the motor
running.... then suddenly! The corset was tightening..slowly
tightening..tighter, instinctively she drew in her stomach and the
corset kept TIGHTENING!!! 
Jessica was panicking..She couldn't take a breath..She thought she
would suffocate!!! The machine stopped but there was no relief, no
give in the corset and she felt the tug as Nora tied the laces. She
felt like she was being squeezed into two pieces!!  Somehow through
ALL the confining cloths she could hear Mary yell. "Mrs. Brown! Breath
shallow from the chest! You'll be OK!" "Nora, she should be twenty six
inches! That what you got? OK..." Mary wrote something on the chart.
Nora returned to the basket and retrieved a package containg a new
uniform dress Size 8. "Wait a minute Nora, I've changed my mind.  If
this one's going into Novice/maid she'll wreck a new uniform. Let me
see what else I have here!" And Mary disappeared to the tune of her
jingling tether chain. Nora, meanwhile was busy enjoying the sight of
Jessica's hood puffing up and collapsing with each labored breath.

Mary pushed a bundle of faded grey cloth through the window and Nora
picked it up. She shook it out and shrugged her shoulders. It was a
housemaids dress as worn by the Novices. Long and plain with a big
white starched pilgrim collar and sleeves that reached past the wrists
and ended in cuffs that had to be starched also. With it was a large
white bib apron that would cover her chest and reach to the hem of her
uniform. After countless launderings, the dress and apron carried
stains that would never come clean. Nora undid the 15-20 buttons that
ran from throat to hem then tossed the dress over her shoulder and
approached Jessica. She untied the prisoner's hands confident that she
would be no problem as long as she was hooded. Right arm first, the
pulled the dress on to Jessica's back. As the left arm went into it's
sleeve the dress pulled tight. Nora brought it together in front and
began to button from the bottom.

The dress was nearly two sizes to small for it's wearer, Nora thought
but she kept buttoning and was not surprised that it fit quite well
around Jessica's strangled waist. Nora remembered the
cruel "training bra" and decided to retie Jessica before she got near
it. This time she positioned the wrists palm to palm and wrapped the
hands several times before cinching them and securing them to
Jessica's now thinner waist. She took another length of rope and tied
Jessica's elbows, finally pulling so hard as to almost make them
touch.....and to push the breasts forward.....Jessica's torso wriggled
and she moaned softly trying to find relief.....Now Nora finished
buttoning the dress. The too tight dress put terrible pressure on
Jessica's "tender" breasts pushing the metal scouring pads hard
against them. The dress parted wide between each button but Nora
continued to the top and the collar button met the fabric of Jessica's
kerchief. Now the caricature of an apron was pinned onto her chest,
the waist ribbons tied in a bow behind the back under her hands.
Finally, from the basket, a white lace hanky was pinned at her
shoulder like a corsage. The hanky code was used at MIT so that
allcomers could know what level of bondage the subject should be
wearing. White was maximum. requiring the prisoner to have hands and
arms bound and a compund gag at all times. Staff members delighted in
discovering any variances.....and punishing them. "you know that
uniform's not ironed and her apron's a mess" Bart was speaking softly
into Mary's ear......"That's a lousy thing to do to a new woman". Mary
gave him a sidewards glance. "Oh sure Bart, just wait a second I'll
get my iron out !!...She's here for discipline, I'm helping her out
" Bart then reached through Mary's window and untied the gag
now hanging from her neck. "Come on!" Bart held up the white RKG.
"We're about ready to leave and this goes back". Mary swallowed hard
and reluctantly leaned her face toward him. 

Her mouth popped open like a baby bird. Bart placed his hand at the
back of her neck and with difficulty forced the huge knot of cloth
into her mouth. Bart enjoyed this part of his job to the fullest and
as he tied the towel ends behind Mary's neck he pulled them TIGHT. He
enjoyed seeing the fabric sink into her cheeks and the way her eyes
took on a helpless look at once. Standing so close to the pretty
brunette, he just couldn't help taking her face in his hands and
planting a kiss on her gag!.......

===============================================================
Jessica's Vacation 4 c

Bart fumbled with his big ring of keys then selected one and released
Mary's left handcuff. Slowly, robot-like, she turned around and lifted
her hands onto the counter behind her. He replaced the cuff and drew
it snug. In seconds, the bright young "supply manager" had reverted to
a bored, bound, MIT slave. A gleam came into Bart's eye....and he
smiled broadly..."Hey Mary......get me one of them new bag
things!" Mary's eyes widened "NNNOoooffgggg!!" Barts smile
vanished .."GET IT!" Their eyes locked for a few seconds and Mary
scuffled down the racks, returning quickly with a "travel hood" held
behind her back, turned around and raised her cuffed hands to Bart.
The guard took the bag and studied it briefly, turning it inside out
and back. Then he stood at Mary's window and beckoned with one finger.
Slowly shaking her head, she leaned forward and her head disappeared
into the bag. In his usual excess, Bart pulled! the bag down hard and
tied it off too tightly about Mary's neck. She was OK but her temples
throbbed a bit...and it was hot in the triple insulated hood and pitch
black.! As evidenced by the bulge in his pants, there was no doubt
Bart was excited at the sight of the two bound and hooded women
under his control. Then his attention turned to Nora. This was not a
new scene to either of them. He nodded to the black salve and she
walked toward him then promptly turned her back. Bart recuffed both
wrists, prisoner style...palms facing out, cuffs snugged between hand
and wristbone. He picked up a length of ever present rope and lashed
her elbows together till she winced in discomfort and the elbows
nearly touched. She turned around on cue and dropped heavily
onto her knees on the hard floor. Bart, meanwhile had loosened his
pants and they fell to his ankles. His huge penis, rock hard, stood
out of the fly in his briefs. Nora's eyes were fixed on the object and
she nervously tried to swallow as Bart removed her RKG and tossed it
aside. After a moment's hesitation, the woman took a deep breath and
closed her eyes. As her mouth opened slowly, she leaned
forward.......Bart closed his eyes, his head rested back against the
wall 

What a sight to anyone entering "supply". Two women restrained and
hooded  and a third now resting back on her heels
as a man fits a huge knotted towel between her teeth and knots it
behind her head. "Thank's Nora, Bart whispered to her...you're gettin'
better all the time  Bart help her up and gave her a
resounding smack on the ass as she moved for the door. Ungagged she
would have yelped. Now, with a "nmfggf!" she hobbled out and back down
the hall. Bart turned his attention to Jessica still standing on the
stage and literally lifted her off and to the floor. "OK Mrs.Brown you
have work waiting for you...let's go!" "MMMMFFggggNNNgggMMFF!!!!!" The
surprisingly loud sound came inside Mary's hood. She knew well what
Bart was up to with Nora and why he had blindfolded her but now she
wanted OUT! Bart laughed at her plight..." You look adorable in your
new bonnet dear!.....Maybe someone else will take it off for you!
 "NNNNNoooooofffeeeeessss"!!!" Mary's last pleading was
pitiful but Bart smiled, took Jessica's arm and steered her out of the
supply room. They turned left and proceeded out the corridor and left
again. Jessica couldn't know but they were back in the main panelled
hallway...opposite from where they had come and headed deeper into the
mansion. Bart stopped them at a gigantic set of oak doors that reached
nearly to the fifteen foot ceiling. With difficulty even for him..Bart
pulled open one door and they entered.

In the middle of the room he fumbled with and finally undid the fine
rope at Jessica's throat and soon the towel bag was pulled up off her
head. After however long in the hood, Jessica's eyes hurt as she
squinted, though the room was not brightly lit. The hair that slipped
out from under her white kerchief was wet and matted ...the kerchief
was damp as well. Her head felt cold. Jessica immediately thought
 It seemed to be a den and trophy room.
There were leather sofas, leather overstuffed chairs, shiny wood
tables everywhere and hunting trophies bedecked the walls....Animal
heads...Guns... There were brass lamps on each table with green
shades. Brass sconces all about the walls, brass placques under each
trophy. The hardwood floors were gleaming. A few throw rugs accented
the furniture. On one wall was a full length three sided mirror... the
kind one might find in a tailor's or dress shop. Bart led her to a
small cabinet door built into a corner. "All your cleaning supplies
are in here"  "This room is your responsibility and it is a big one...This
is where Dr. Masters takes cocktails and receives visitors. So you
WILL be rather under the gun as it were " Bart pointed to
yet another video camera in a far corner mounted near the ceiling.
" Big brother is watching...all the time Mrs., watching
for any of the maids helping themselves to anything or WORSE taking
any little "breaks". You must understand that this is not a union job!
While it is very important that your work be done properly, as it WILL
be inspected, The work is first and foremost PUNISHMENT ! You are NOT
an employee, You are a PRISONER/SLAVE! and that will not change."  

Bart looked at his watch. "Well Mrs., I'm famished so I'm not about to
do any training...We'll fix you up to do a job you've already seen
 He walked to the cabinet and took out a large sparkling
white cloth. "You remember Sally don't you Mrs.,?"  Well until 8:00 you can dust the place as you saw her doin'
it.....Sit down!" Bart returned to the cabinet and this time returned
with a big gaily colored flowered scarf. Reaching behind Jessica's
head he unknotted the thick towel and attempted to remove the knot.
He had the same problem she had had in Masters' office and he also
tried pulling down on her jaw and rolling the cloth out and it worked.
 As Jessica
desparately sought to relax her jaw she found that the wadding still
back in her mouth was between her molars. Her jaw closed only
slightly! Bart, meanwhile had removed her kerchief and folded it to a
band only an inch in width. Already he was stuffing Jessica's mouth
with the dry cotton napkin, packing in the material until it met the
sodden wadding already in it's place. The scarf band was pulled into
the dust cloth and disappeared between jessica's teeth and was tied
off at the back. Bart then carefully tugged and fluffed at the mass of
white nearly obsuring Jessica's face till it was unfurled. He then
replaced her kerchief with a fresh one tied tightly under her chin.
"OK Mrs., you got about three hours of dustin' to do!..when you've got
every service perfect..just go around again till the time's up." The
giant looked down into his captive's sad and tired eyes
"Remember!..Keep your face rubbin' on the furniture and keep in
motion. Don't stop or you'll pay dearly Mrs. They'll be watching you
like a hawk" Bart turned and quickly walked out of the room. The
enormous door closed slowly then Jessica thought she heard a key
turning a lock. The hapless woman was starved, exhausted, frightened,
confused and add to that now..she had to go to the bathroom! Jessica
glanced at the winking red eye of the camera, and summoning up what
was left of her will power she approached a small table beside the
sofa and began to lean her face toward it. Only then did she realize
that with the corset in place she couldn't bend over! In horror she
remembered the insulting pose Sally had struck..with her legs bent at
the knees, back straight and her butt in the air. Jessica realized
THAT was the only way to reach her face to the table. Slowly, testing,
Jessica's legs lowered, her torso flattened and she approached the
table and buried her face in the cloth.

=============================================================
In Chapter V The good Doctor takes an "interest" in Jessica >

Archives BBS 1-713-896-1721 
original text by Master Ken 
master.ken@arch.cld9.com




A VACATION FOR JESSICA....In which Dr. Masters "takes an interest"
=====================================================

Jessica's very existence had become a blur to her. Consumed by hunger,
fatigue, fear and despair the now Novice/maid moved mindlessly from
one piece of furniture to the other. She had never felt so ridiculous
as she did at this moment. Her mouth stuffed full with a dustrag..tied
in so tight her cheeks and mouth hurt. The corset was so uncomfortable
she found it best just to keep her body in a bow and her head down as
she worked. She had no concept of what time it was or how long she had
been at it. She thought of stopping...just to sit perhaps for a
moment. But then she remembered the video camera and whoever was
watching her....so she kept on with her routine. She did not hear the
door open when a tall impeccably dressed man entered.  Realizing
Jessica was oblivious to him, Dr. Masters crept along the side wall
and came up to a position directly behind her. "How is it going
Jessica?" Masters spoke loudly and the maid JUMPED! nearly leaving the
floor. "I see they've been keeping you busy....Yes, well you'll get
used to that" Jessica stood upright and turned to face him...she
stared blankly..only her eyes showed above the huge fluff of white
cloth tied in her mouth. Masters' eyes widened and his jaw went slack
for a moment as he quickly sized her up and down "Good God!!.... What
is the meaning of this ???" Jessica was clueless as she looked him in
the eyes trying to fathom the problem. "I came in to discuss a matter
of great importance with you....A VERY serious matter!  And I find you
out of uniform and looking like an unmade bed besides!!  Jessica was
trembling in fear and anxiety now. Her heart was beating out if her
chest and she felt sure hers shaky knees would collapse. "Mrs. Brown!
When I last saw you I had placed you in a E/P Gag!  Where is it? All
maids and slaves are to wear starched and perfectly ironed uniforms at
all times. Where did you get that rumpled eyesore ??" Masters was
asking questions and of course Jessica could answer none thanks to the
choking wad in her mouth and the rag stuffed in front of it. "It would
seem, Mrs. Brown, that you don't take my rules very seriously!"
"MMmmfffggdd" Jessica shook her head  "No
huh?, That's what I thought. Well you're not the first to require
special "persuasion" I was about to have you serve the cocktail party
going on in the Ballroom...but since you look like that and have
disobeyed me, I have another idea."  

Masters went to the supply cabinet and returned with what looked like
the cardboard tube from a roll of toilet paper. "Bend over this table
Jessica...face down"  She complied and her nose and face were again
buried in the dust cloth.  Masters was doing something with the back
of her long dress.  Had she been able she would have seen him roll her
skirt onto the cardboard tube from the hem and commence to roll it all
the way up to her waist where he slipped it under the knot of her
apron strings. To her confusion and horror, Jessica realized he had
exposed her entire backside!!.....Something seemed to tickle...Masters
was WRITING! on her ass!!   But What???  Masters stood back to admire
his handiwork.  In big red letters "DISOBEDIENT MAID"..."SPANK"  "HER"  Masters spoke calmly. "Jessica,
Bart made a mistake.  You were to have dusted the ballroom before the
guests arrived.  You'll have to do it now."  THEN we will deal with
the issue of your E/P gag and another more serious problem."  The
Director took her by the arm and led her stumbling down the hall.
What a picture she made as from the front she was a stodgily attired
housemaid. While from the  back, naked from the waist down.  They
entered the huge ballroom which contained at least 40 - 50 couples
Jessica guessed.  Masters rang a small bell on the wall and instantly
every head turned toward the door.

"Friends !"  Masters spoke loudly. "I'm sorry for the interruption.
Mrs. Brown, a new slave/maid has work to complete in here...you
understand I'm sure.  Jessica's face was afire with embarrassment.
She figured the best thing to do was to get right to work and hope to
get "lost" in the crowd.  A frumpy maid amidst a room full of men and
women in formal dress.  Jessica positioned herself in the only way she
could by a table. There was a wave of laughter and whispering that
went through the room. She began the humiliating act of putting her
face to the table when "SSWWAACCKK!!!" And Jessica jumped up straight
and lost her footing in her heels..she turned and "SSMMAACCKKK!" again
a hard blow on her butt! The entire crowd was laughing at the scene
and Jessica was mortified. Some man led her back to the table and bent
her over it's edge and "SWAACKK!, SSMMACCKK, WAAACCCKK!!
She screamed "STOP IT!! PLEASE!!! into her gag but nothing but a
mumble was heard.  Now from the corner of her eye she could see people
lining up behind her and everyone present came up and spanked her as
long as they wished then moved on...Some stopped to look at her face
lost in the cloth.  Her ass was on FIRE! Strong hands held her chest
down on the table...and that caused the sharp metal pads to bite into
her breasts again...the guests knew nothing of the "scrubbies" They
just held her motionless for the crowd to chastise her in turns..over
and over.  

After what seemed like an hour, the little bell chimed again and all
attention was shifted to the door and Masters.  Distorted, through
tear filled eyes, Jessica saw her first guard Cindy dragging something
into the room.  An Orange extension cord draped her shoulder and she
was, of course, handcuffed, shackled and in a tight RKG.  She glanced
at Jessica, still bent over the table but did not try to acknowledge
her. Jessica then recognized the long object  as an ironing board.
Cindy hobbled out of the room and returned with an iron and can of
starch.  Jessica, her butt throbbing  was puzzled as Masters spoke.
"Ladies and gentlemen. We have a requirement that all slave/maids wear
their uniforms perfectly ironed. Mrs.Brown apparently had a lapse of
memory in that area and so she will correct it now...If you'll just
form a circle around the board....." And Masters half dragged the
shocked woman to the middle of the circle of laughing and tittering
guests. " Mrs.Brown, you are to remove your apron, dress and brassiere
and iron them here and now.  Mrs. Batista will watch and inspect your
work carefully while Mrs. Goodman will stand behind you with this
paddle  "Iron carefully for if
she see's a flaw, Mrs. Batista will signal silently and you will
receive a blow every ten seconds until YOU find it and correct it!!"
Someone placed a chair near jessica as Masters' voice commanded. "You
will disrobe NOW Mrs.Brown and you will rotate your position so as to
afford every one a clear view of your nakedness."  Bart stepped
forward and quickly released her wrists. "Incidently Mrs. Brown, you
will undress very slowly and consider each move for it's appeal and
grace."  Jessica considered
breaking for the door but in a 12" hobble that wouldn't work. She
wondered how bad the punishment could be if she just flatly refused.
She heard voices... men and women "Come on! Let's go Jessica! Show us
what you've got Mrs. Brown and all the time laughter rang in her ears.
She was completely surrounded in about a 6' circle...Obediently she
pulled open the bow behind her and lifted the huge apron up and over
her head. She folded it and placed it on the chair seat.  She reached
for the button at the neck of her dress and opened it. Then the second
and third........ the humiliation was endless with buttons every four
inches to the bottom...20 maybe?  Finally the lowly garment was laid
open and she let it fall with a shrug of her shoulders. 

There was RUDE applause and cheering and she made out women's voices
gasping at the waist cincher. The crowd seemed to be closing in on
her....."The corset stays on slave!" Masters voice above the others
"And your heels!" Jessica reached behind her shoulder blades and
unsnapped her bra. Her breasts throbbed as the restraint loosened. She
lowered the bra and several women, as one, GASPED and two held a hand
to their mouths to stifle a comment. Jessica's breast were beet red
and showed the pressure pattern of the scouring pads. "Just a part of
her training folks...and quite as bad as it looks!!!" Master's voice
BOOMED over the crowd this time "Mrs. Brown...place your hands on top
of your head and display yourself to our friends until I tell you to
stop....REVOLVE!!!!" 
Masters allowed her to continue for ten minutes or so..most of the
crowd were now talking amongst themselves.  Masters looked around
"Bart!...is he here? Bart? Oh there you are.  Would you prepare
Mrs.Brown for some ironing please. "Of course" grinned the
giant....."Are you left or right handed Mrs.Brown?" "RRFFGGGG" Jessica
tried to speak.."What's that?" Jessica raised her right hand and Bart
got the message. "Ah! right! OK.. Working very quickly he ran a
doubled length of rope behind her neck and down to the front of her
armpits, through them around to the middle of her back and tied it so
tight her shoulders were pulled backwards. Jessica couldn't believe it
everyone she glanced at was staring intently at her. She was relieved
when he untied the knot behind her head and the scarf came loose and
the dustcloth fell to the floor.  Though her mouth was still jacked
open by the wadding that had been so long in her mouth, Bart stuffed
another bandana completely in her mouth and bound it cruelly tight
like a bit between her teeth. Several onlookers nodded and clapped
softly at the severity of the gagging. Bart acknowledged them with a
nod and a smile.  The green E/P towel he had removed earlier was
replaced and again her ears buzzed and her face was flushed from the
tightness of the cloth.  And once again her poor cheeks bulged above
the gagging towel.

Now to her dismay Bart seized her left arm and folded it up hard
between her shoulder blades. Holding her wrist in his left hand he
produced a length of rope and in a minute Jessica's hand
was fast to the shoulder harness. 
"Begin your ironing Mrs Brown"  Jessica looked at Masters for a long
moment with a look of exhaustion and defeat in her eyes...somehow she
hoped for him to say "OK, you've done enough...It's alright" but he
was starting to feel embarrassed before his guests and simply said
"Mrs.Brown!" and Jessica lowered to pick up the dress from the floor.
What followed was a nightmare for poor Jessica as she thought it had
been well planned to be!!! She would lift the dress on to the board
with her only hand and reach for the iron as the dress fell back to
the floor and before she could dip to retrieve it "TTHHWWAACCKK!!!" A
jarring blow from the paddle nearly knocked her to her knees. When she
managed to hold the dress by leaning against the board she could iron
it. Then Mrs. Batista would look closely and point to a slight crease
or wrinkle and step back and Jessica closed her eyes and held her
breath..."WWHHAAAPPPP!!!" another stroke delivered full force by the
wretched bitch Mrs. Goodman!! The hapless Jessica was chided and
paddled for nearly an hour when it was finally decided to allow her
the use of both hands. She managed to iron the ugly uniform with only
three or four more paddlings. Then she was made to iron the huge white
apron using a full can of spray starch at one woman's insistence. As
she ironed the bra, the copper pads were passed around and she heard
the giggling comments of some of the women..."Hurry up you need your
bra!" Before she had finished, the bra was snatched from the table by
Mrs. Goodman and the torturous pads were hurriedly passed back up
front. Mrs. Goodman fitted them into their cups and handed the
brassiere to Jessica....with a wide expectant smile on her lips. She
got what she wanted as Jessica lifted the bra into place then closed
her eyes TIGHTLY as she fastened the cruel device over her sore
breasts. 

Without instructions, Jessica dressed herself again..no-one seemed to
mind. As she tied off her apron strings, a strange woman seized her
arm and dragged her to the 3-way mirror mumbling things like "Isn't
that better dear!" Jessica saw herself in the mirror for the first
time and was shocked.  Bart caught up with her at that
point.."You've forgotten something Mrs.!" Jessica turned quickly to
see what he meant. "Give me your arms" and at once her right arm was
folded up and her hand tied to her left against her shoulder blade  "The Director has sent for you!" and Bart
propelled Jessica out of the room and they hurried back down the hall
from whence they'd come. Bart knocked twice then opened the door. Dr.
Masters was just setting down a wine glass on a small table where he
was seated. Jessica smell food! There was a second place setting
across from Masters and she could see steam wafting up from a hot
platter of food. As Bart guided her across the floor Masters said "Sit
down my poor Jessica....hungry?"  She could only play it straight and she nodded
vigorously! "Well then, by all means eat!....Bart release Mrs. Brown's
hands and then tie her ankles to the chair legs please!" Jessica
slumped forward in the chair as Bart untied her hands from the
harness. He used the same rope to bind her ankles tightly! to the
front legs of the chair. "You may take your gag off for the present
Mrs.Brown" Masters spoke and watched intently as Jessica untied the
E/P towel then, again, had to work at removing the huge knot from
behind her teeth. Finally it rolled over her teeth and she began to
pluck the two cloth wads from her mouth. When her mouth was empty,
Jessica sat staring at Masters with her mouth open. It was virtually
paralyzed from the hours of restraint. She closed her eyes and rolled
her head from side as she slowly managed to close her mouth. Masters
watched with interest."Dear, dear..a gag is such an unpleasant
thing...yet I'm afraid there's nothing to do but to get used to them"
He reached across the table and patted her cheek. "Now understand
Jessica, I'm providing this meal because all prisoners are entitled to
eat and you've had a very long day which is not over yet!"

Masters sat back in his chair and sipped some wine. "And.....I thought
it would give us a chance to chat"  "Go ahead and eat my dear, you must be
famished" Jessica at once began to eat her hot roast beef sandwich,
potatoes and beans, hot rolls...she ate quickly fearing a time limit.
"Relax, Jessica enjoy your respite..." She slowed her eating and tried
to relax. Masters spoke softly to her " There is an exceptionally
lovely woman disguised in that ugly costume........far more so than
most of our inmates." He sipped more wine then set the glass down and
leaned toward Jessica. "Such a thing can work in your favor here" and
he chuckled softly. Jessica sensed his meaning at once and answered
too quickly "Thanks Dr. Majors...but no thanks!..........well, er..I'm
sorry...You were saying ?" Masters grinned. "Much better my dear
Mrs.Brown...much better!" Jessica sipped some wine. "We have serious
problems with you already, Jessica and it's only your first day. I
will overlook the unpressed dress..you "corrected" that. But you were
without the E/P gag I placed on you! and we have a far more serious
problem as well." Masters paused to let a flicker of fear form in
Jessica's mind. She watched him intently. "It seems that today's mail
contained a letter from my bank and your husbands retainer check for
$1500 Bounced!! I reached him and he assured me it would be good in
ten days. A very long time! I told him to make sure of that and that
in the meantime YOU would be making good for it also! He tried to
explain but I hung up on him. Since he has NO idea where to reach us,
I think he is quite upset about now !" Masters paused to
stare at Jessica. "Wondering just what he delivered his little wife
into!!"  

Masters rose and walked to the wall and pushed some buttons on a
panel. "I had planned on allowing you certain leniencies, Jessica, in
return of course for certain favors from you.." He grinned again "But
it now appears you are far more of a discipline problem than I had
expected so for the time being at least, you will be treated exactly
as any other prisoner." Jessica heard the sound of jingling bells and
the familiar sounds of rustling plastic. It was Cindy again carrying
what appeared to be a tool box.. She set the box on the table and
opened it facing away from Jessica. Cindy's hands were unfettered now
but she wore hobbles and the usual RKG gag held her mouth wide open.
There was saliva dripping from the cloth and Cindy wiped it with the
plastic sleeve which only smeared it. Looking sadly at Jessica, the
slave/assistant quickly drew her hands down and tied them to the chair
sides. Then ignoring the sodden gag wads in Jessica's lap, Cindy
withdrew a large pad of white cloth and wadding it tightly, held it to
Jessica's lips. The prisoner opened her mouth widely to accept the
gag. Instead of a cloth to be tied behind the neck, Cindy pulled
strips of duct tape from a roll and pasted two criss cross pieces on
Jessica's face wrapping her cheeks to the ears. Masters was grinning
as though in anticipation as Jessica glanced innocently at him. There
was a flash of something metallic that caught her eye and as she
looked back at Cindy she screamed into her gag
"ooooOOOOOonnnNNNOOOOOff".."eeEEEEEZZZZZZ"

She shook her head wildly and Masters stepped forward to hold it.
"Stay still Jessica or it will be all the worse!!! Cindy pulled the
kerchief from her head revealing her beautiful red hair. Nearly waist
length and neatly bunned. Cindy looking at Masters hoped he was only
bluffing. But she knew he would not have called Cindy if he was.  "You
have seen that ALL prisoners wear "regulation" haircuts! Your husband
had requested me to forego the haircut and frankly I had told him I
would consider it. However you have made that impossible by your
misdeeds" Cindy rapidly began to chop away at Jessica's hair with
abandon. Then she produced hand clippers which needed sharpening and
pulled at every bite. In only three or four minutes she was done!
Jessica's hair resembled a man's but uneven and irregular. She tousled
Jessica's hair and quickly put her supplies away. Then she ripped the
tape off Jessica's mouth roughly and placed her fingers on the gag as
if to warn against trying to spit it out. Then with the first twinkle
Jessica had seen in the slave's eyes she drew some white cloth from
her pocket, shook it out and fit it onto Jessica's head. It was an old
fashioned full MAIDS CAP!...looking for all the world like a frilly
bowl cover!. She adjusted and tucked until most of the prisoners hair
was covered and Jessica's unadorned face looked back at the pair.
Tears poured out of Jessica's eyes and down her cheeks..tears of
embarrassment and humiliation at what she knew she looked like now!
"Welcome to the Institute...number 2106!" 
Masters pointed at the bound woman and roared with laughter! Cindy in
her RKG attempted to laugh with him..then turned and left the room.
Jessica's face fell to her chest....and she wondered how it would all
end...in her lap lay clumps and piles of what had been her crowning
glory. "Jessica, your "Novice" cap is a sign of your station here, or
lack of it   You are NEVER to be seen without your cap. That
includes sleeping which will be explained to you eventually. I might
mention that the punishment for once omitting your pretty cap is a
clean shaven head!..Be thankful for the hair you have left
."Since I am quite busy, I am going to have you put to bed
earlier than usual. However you are to be brought to this office at
6:00 AM...Before your workday begins we will discuss three matters. A
special assignment. Your "pager" and the small matter of a $1500
check" Dr. Masters picked up the phone....."I want someone to retire
#2106... She's in my office......Novice/maid ! Look in your manual!!
That's what you have one for..........I don't care when ! She's tied
to a chair so she'll be waiting for you...Probably RKG.....Masters
slammed down the phone. "Wimps"! They're ALL afraid of me!" He picked
up a folder from from the desk and on his way out stopped and kissed
Jessica on the dustcap. He paused and fingered the mound of hair in
her lap..."Such a pity.........The huge door closed behind Jessica who
stared at the wall with unseeing eyes.






A VACATION FOR JESSICA--CHAPTER VI--In which Jessica sleeps "tight"
=====================================================

In her state of exhaustion and depression, Jessica slept. Bound hand
and foot to a straight chair, a stifling gag in her mouth, scarcely
able to breathe due to her corsetted abdomen, her head lolling forward
to her chest, still Jessica slept. A short time after Dr. Masters'
call, Nora pushed open the office door. She had made a change from her
plastics of a few hours ago. She was now attired completely in black
form fitting stretch type clothes. Pants that disappeared into 4 1/2
or 5" calf high boots accented by shiny 24"leg irons...at that length
more for show than restraint. Her tight top was stenciled "Nora" then
"Slave/Assistant" She wore a waist chain and 12" hand fetters were
attached to it allowing her slack enough to work. Obviously the
restraints were more symbolic than confining. What WAS authentic,
however, was the jaw stretching RKG lodged between her gleaming white
teeth. RKG's  were fabricated in three sizes from
white cotton flour sack towelling. Perhaps because the attractive
black woman possessed a larger mouth or perhaps as discipline or
punishment for a misdeed earlier in the day.....Nora wore an
incredibly TIGHT # 3+ RKG ! The "+" designating FULL PACKING !! This,
easily enough, was detectible from the wearer's eyes.  With little
practice, an observer could recognize the vacant expression of the
eyes, drawn down at the corners by the overstretched jaws. Also the
HUGE knot of fabric pulled deep behind her teeth was dry and clean
indicating that a wad of cloth packed into her mouth first was
absorbing any saliva. 

Despite the laxity of her restraints, Nora was miserably uncomfortable
in that kind of gag! ! The slave looked at the sleeping initiate
Jessica and stooped to begin untying her from her
chair....then stopped......and stood looking at her charge. Instead of
releasing her then, Nora went to Masters' desk and scribbled on a
piece of note paper. "Dr. Masters" Thought I would allow Mrs. Brown a
little "nap" before bedtime" signed "Slave/Assistant Nora" Nora tried
to smile to herself as she scotch taped the note to Jessica's cap and
left the room. Nora clinked and clanked her way to the kitchen.
Gretchen, the Manager/cook, a prisoner who had been abandoned to
Masters' care four years ago was always a bizarre sight in her chef's
whites...more on her later. As a Manager, Gretchen could relieve Nora
of her gag. And as Nora sat down at a large work table the cook gently
removed the knot and the wadding from her mouth.  For two or three
minutes, Nora did nothing but make moaning sounds and work her jaw
slowly open and shut......... "You wore that all day?" Gretchen asked,
knowing the answer full well. "Aeh! ussaboud.." Nora tried to speak.
"I'll get you some tea dear.." The tea was hot and tasted good and the
two alternated between conversation over the new woman, Jessica Brown
and watching the two miserably restrained and gagged kitchen drudges
who were serving a full week's punishment detail involving the
lowliest of chores.

One young woman was nearly inside one of the ovens trying to clean it
wearing "fixed" manacles which held her hands rigidly palm to palm
with no protective gloves. The other wore "punishment
whites"....several LAYERS of heavy cook's clothes PLUS aprons. Her
head was literally enveloped in cloths......towels and large napkins.
She was kerchiefed in a white cloth that covered the top of her head
and tied in back. Another passed under her chin and was knotted atop
her head looking like rabbit ears. A folded towel which had obviously
been a very tight blindfold had been pulled up onto the woman's
forehead and drawing her eyebrows upward, gave her a quizzical look.
Only the tip of her nose and her eyes were visible over a towel bound
so tightly over her mouth, her cheeks bulged over it. The cloth was
badly soiled with dark stains. "Gretchen her gag looks grundgy!" Nora
spoke sympathetically " Really?  "It's squeaky clean
compared to the sink rag she's SUCKING on underneath!"  Realizing the
cook's meaning, Nora thought for a moment she would be sick. The woman
was on her knees in a corner of the huge kitchen. Next to her was a
small pail of yellowish water and she held a brush in her hand no
larger than a fingernail brush. Nora did not have to be told this
woman would spend the night "scrubbing" the floor. Nora watched as at
one point the maid had to scratch her nose or something and to her
surprise the several jacket sleeves she wore stopped her from bending
her arms! Gretchen spoke dispasionately.."Poor soul has to finish by
3AM and do it WITHOUT dirtying herself" The cook put her hand on
Nora's shoulder and whispered to her "she's doing alright too except
 after six hours of struggling to keep clean..
at 2:45 I"m going to "accidently" spill a pot of cold gravy ALL OVER
HER!  and then  send her to Masters
" Gretchen was in a transport of glee. She slapped
Nora's back  "I'm SUCH a bitch!!" 

Suddenly Nora felt afraid of this woman she had thought of as a friend
to the slaves. "Gretchen sat down across from Nora "So what are you
doing with this Brown broad? Giving her a nap before bedtime?" Cook
shook her head "I thought I was mean!"  "You're gonna let
her get just enough rest so when you truss her up like a turkey in bed
and do up her mouth and eyes for the night she'll be WIDE AWAKE and
won't sleep all night from the bondage!!...Damn!" Gretchen slapped her
hand on the table. "What'd she do to YOU anyway" Nora smiled and shook
her head "Nothing...not a thing...I'm just in the mood and Dr. Masters
will appreciate my creativity"  "He had the hots for this
one then her old man's check bounced so she's "dog meat" now " Nora looked at the wall clock and realized she had been
nearly an hour in the kitchen. "Well Gretchen, I'd best be getting
back to little Red....Oh! Where's your restraints and all?...did they
give you any of those new hoods?" Gretchen pointed across the room "On
the counter dear, they just left them here this morning....I should
have stuck one on the little slut in the oven! They took her glasses
and she's blind without'em anyway  Nora took one of the
multi-layered cloth hoods she had used on Jessica earlier. She smiled
to herself wondering if anyone had let Mary out of HER hood yet. As
Nora turned Gretchen was at her side "Open wide dear....Wiiiiiddeeerr!


The cook stuffed a dry sink rag deep into the slave's mouth then
holding the huge RKG to Nora's gaping mouth she pressed it down on her
bottom teeth and rolled it into her mouth and it settled behind her
teeth...Nora grunted! So large was the knot that Nora could not have
possibly pushed it out. Her tongue was pinned under the wadding but
now Gretchen delighted in pulling the towel ends to the back of Nora's
head, a single knot, then TIGHTENED the cloth as hard as she could!
And tied it off tightly. The knot pushed the packing into Nora's
throat and she fought her gag reflex...the wadding tasted like
bleach...for some reason Nora thought of the foul cloth gagging the
drudge on the floor and tried to settle in to the gag but already the
corners of her mouth were throbbing from the pressure. Nora wondered
which was worse....having stayed in the gag altogether or this
re-gagging by Gretchen which hurt badly!

Jessica sat where she had been tied. She was still sleeping and had
not even spat out the cloth from her mouth. Nora went to the cabinet
and returned with an E/P towel. She pushed Jessica's head back by the
forehead then with her fingers pushed the cloth wadding deep into
Jessica's mouth tying it in as tight as she could with the folded
green dish towel. She pulled the HOOD over Jessica's head and tied the
drawstrings. By then of course, Jessica was wide awake but to
exhausted and depressed to care much what happened. Jessica had
dreamed and vividly.....one might have expected dreams of escape, of
home! But her dream was of her husband and children
watching her through a barred window. Watching her struggles as she
worked. They didn't smile or wave as their wife and mother stared
mutely at them in her lowly costume. They observed her plight and
talked and LAUGHED! among themselves. Then at once, nodding between
themselves, with a last look, they left the window and were gone. Even
asleep, Jessica's mind told her they would not return..... Nora,
meanwhile had bent down and began to pick at the tight knots,
releasing the captive's ankles and wrists from the chair frame. Nora
grumbled to herself.  She stood up and faced Jessica
now. Nora lifted her up to a standing position and turned her around.


Jessica vainly shook her head as if somehow she could lose the hood.
She twisted in Nora's grip and tried to kick back at her keeper...Nora
instantly grabbed Jessica's left breast and squeezed with all her
strength. Jessica tried to pull back then fell to her knees
"oooooooOOOOOOOOonnnnnnnnnffff!!!!" was the pathetic result of a full
bodied shriek!! When Jessica's body stopped moving and her shoulders
drooped, Nora released her tit and pulled her back to her feet. For a
moment Jessica stood still, her hood inflating and collapsing wildly
against her face with each breath, her hands at her sides. Then
without a cue from her captor, she slowly moved her arms behind her
and crossed her wrists.......Nora's practiced fingers quickly tied the
wrists and then for whatever reason, she wrapped a rope about her
elbows and dragged them together till they nearly touched! A low long
moan escaped Jessica's gag as her breasts were thrust forward into
their punishment bra with it's tormenting stuffing!

Two men leaning against a van took in the sight of two shapes crossing
the parking lot as best they could. Leon, the smaller of the two spoke
"Hey, Jim..that's the Brown woman!.....Christ they're making a maid
out of her!!" "That's what I heard this afternoon...guess she fucked
up with Masters " Jim had driven the van early that morning
"Hmmmm....maybe I'll pay my respects tonight " Jim slapped
his arm.."You son of a bitch you probably WILL!! " Nora was
practically dragging Jessica who's 12" hobble and heels and the
freestone driveway made it impossible to walk. The guard's mood was
becoming vile mostly because of her painful gag. She wanted to get her
captive bedded down and go to bed herself when her gag would be
removed for the night. It took three tries to climb the high steps
into the dormitory. Finally Nora PUSHED Jessica down on the steps,
turned her around and dragged! her into the building..her heels
scraping the floor.. A female slave/assistant rose from her small desk
in the foyer and looked to see who was coming. Shackled and in a RKG
#1 she bid "Ahoaf" to Nora who could not respond and just stood
holding the prisoners arm. The guard showed Nora a clip board and she
managed to point to a name. Taking a key from a wall rack of a dozen
or so, the guard padded off down the hall ahead of the women and
stopping at door #4 unlocked it and swung open the narrow but thick
wooden door and stood aside. It was well that poor Jessica could not
see her accomodations. The windowless room was no more than six feet
wide and perhaps nine deep. A dim bulb barely lit the space from the
ceiling. In the room were a small cot....metal framed with an open
coil spring, no mattress.....A large plastic pail in the corner with a
wooden plank "seat" was the commode. The two other objects in the
cell, for that is what is was, were a heavy leather collar hanging
from a short chain anchored to the wall about six feet high and a
small step-stool. A inordinately heavy padlock hung from the collar's
"D" ring. Nora backed her sightless slave toward the bucket. Then
lifting Jessica's long skirt and apron and to her surprise! pushed her
down unto the bucket. In a few moments, Jessica gathered her wits and
realized this was a toilet and God knows she had to pee.....and she
did for what seemed like minutes. "AHERS OH AHREFFF..IIOOOOAAAIIITT"
 the guard pointed to Jessica's
cot. Nora waggled her wrists to say "that's all right" and the guard
left the cell after reaching in a box in the hall and handing Nora a
#1 RKG. Nora shook her head and held up two fingers and the guard
replaced the gag in the box and returned with a larger RKG and handed
it to Nora. Now, impatiently, Nora pulled Jessica off the "toilet" and
her skirts and apron fell into place.  She was given no chance to wipe
herself .....indeed there was NO toilet paper in the cell!  Her captor
turned her about and pushed her back unto the cot. When the blind and
bound woman sat on the coil springs there was no way to balance and
she fell backward. Her tied hands jammed down amidst the springs and
she could not move. Nora roughly pulled her to an upright sitting
position and Jessica instinctively leaned forward to avoid a repeat of
the fall. Nora untied the cords securing the cloth hood on the
prisoners head  Nora's mood was becoming
worse....even SHE wondered why she disliked this woman so...she didn't
know. She slowly rolled up the hood around Jessica's face being
careful to stop just above the gag. Reaching behind the neck, she
untied the E/P towel and tossed it to the corner then pulled out the
huge plug of cloth. "MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm!!!" Jessica's head FOLLOWED
forward and she nearly fell to her knees. Nora knew the rag was dried
and stuck to inside of the mouth but she didn't really care. The cloth
gag out, Nora held her fingers to Jessica's lips in a signal not to
speak! Then with no delay she pressed the center knot of the RKG #2
into the slackly open mouth. She tied the towel FAR tighter than was
called for for sleeping and Jessica could feel the corners of her
mouth pulled back....As she withdrew her hands from Jessica's neck her
thumb caught on something and as she took her hand away...out fell
Jessica's white frilly maids cap. Nora picked it up from the floor and
was about to unhood the captive and pull it onto her head.........when
she stopped, and thought a moment.......then crumpled the cap in one
hand and stuffed it in her pocket! Now the hood was pulled sharply
down again and the cords tightened about the prisoners neck and the
endless cycle of "blow-up / suck flat" began again as Jessica
struggled to breathe. 

Her mouth was held open now and Nora knew it wouldn't be long before
her mouth dried out completely and her tongue would stick in her
throat! A lousy way to spend a night  Nora stood her captive up and
untied her apron strings and pulled the huge garment over her head.
Then she began the unbuttoning of twenty or so buttons down the front
of the dowdy old dress Jessica wore. Finally the prisoner faced her
captor. She was a bizarre sight from her green and white striped hood
undulating in rhythm with her breath, to the plain white prison-wear
bra and 5" heeled boots and hobble. Her torso bulged
and settled over the too-tight corset...that too a doubly cruel
instrument as it forced her to take only shallow breaths that pushed
her burning tits against her stuffed bra.  Nora spun her around and as quickly
as she unbound Jessica's arm's and wrists she drew the hands to the
front and tied them together palms out...handcuff
style!. Jessica SNAPPED!!! All she had wanted was to stretch
once!..scratch her nose! She wriggled and thrust her arms about
blindly and stamped her foot as best she could......and she did! ON
THE INSTEP OF NORA'S FOOT!! Even booted it hurt like Hell! And the
large negress virually FLIPPED the petite Jessica unto the open
springs and began to land two handed SLAPS to Jessica's ass with all
her might!!! She raised her shackled hands HIGH over her head and
"WHACK WHACK!!!! spanked the bound woman with INCREDIBLE STRENGTH.
Jessica was actually bouncing to the blows and her mind went blank in
the intensity of the pain.....When the spanking stopped her ass
throbbed on as hard as it had!!! Jessica had never felt such intense
fire on her buttocks and as she lay on her stomach on the springs she
waited expectantly  Instead in less
time than it takes to write, Nora tied a rope to Jessica's hobble and
bound her feet to the bottom rail of the cot. Then a rope about her
wrists cinched between the backs of the hands so uncomfortably twisted
then that ripe stretched TIGHT to the headrail. Not yet finished, now
the angry Nora passed rope over the stretched prisoner's back and
threaded it through the springs easily...there were a million
tie-points Nora thought she lashed her back down crushing Jessica's
breasts into the springs. Then her waist over the corset and finally
her thighs and legs were lashed down in four places. Jessica was
nearly immobile and lying on the most uncomfortable surface
imaginable. The Nora did an even stranger thing. She retrieved the E/P
towel from the corner where she had discarded it and returned to the
struggling Jessica. She seized the woman's head and lifting it,
twisted her face toward her and jammed the head down again. Then she
pushed the towel down on the side of Jessica's head...threaded the
towel under two springs and tied it off with a grunt of strength!
Jessica's head was bound to the springs..sideways and IMMOBILE! Nora
rose up and lifted her hands like a calf roper waiting for her "time"
As she turned to leave the cell she stopped to watch her captive's
chest heave and fall..and there were sounds from the simple gag Nora
knew well....She left the room seemingly satisfied at last. Mrs. Brown
was finally crying...BAWLING! in her bondage.  Now they BOTH
knew...........

 ---




A VACATION FOR JESSICA -- Chapter VII -- "The Visitor - And more "
=====================================================

Jessica cried! and Cried!! and CRIED!!! Never in her life had she wept
so hard and with complete abandon. The cloth hood enveloping her head
was saturated with her tears. For "who knew how many hours?" her head
had been tied flat to the coil springs. She knew there must be deep
grooves on the left side of her face. Her shoulders ached from the
tension of her hands fastened above her head. The burning sensation on
her breasts had become ever-present! as a terrible toothache! Her
mouth was as dry as paper and if she tried to swallow her tongue stuck
to the back of her throat. Jessica had lain for hours in discomfort,
pain and total despair!  The hood was loosend at the bottom and again rolled up only to
her nose and suddenly PRESSURE ON HER EYES! Something was being tied
TIGHT over her eyes...over the HOOD! Now she was doubly blindfolded.
The knot behind her neck was untied and she felt the ends of the cloth
drop to the sides of her mouth. Then just as quickly a pad of cloth
was pressed hard against her lips..she opened her mouth and the dry
wad entered and was pushed deep. It felt too big and her captor was
having trouble. Suddenly Jessica felt her nostrils pinched shut... for
a moment she didn't grasp what was happening....then to get a breath
she had to suck air through the cloth...she couldn't!!! Her mouth
strained WIDE OPEN for breath!! .......and the huge wad of cotton rag
sunk into her throat! The gagging was skillful...well practiced and
took only a minute. Now the wet RKG was back between her teeth and
once again the knot tied behind her head. Once again the hateful hood
was pulled down and secured tightly at her neck...and once AGAIN! her
only source of air was what she could suck through the damp towelling.


"Where the fuck am I gonna take this broad...this is
ridiculous!....Ah! I got it!" Jessica heard the muffled voice again
but she couldn't recognize it. It wasn't Nora it was a man's voice!!
She was lifted up off the cot and dragged forward by the tether on her
wrists. After several steps she knew she must be out of the cell and
the air was cold on her skin. A woman's voice called out
loudly....."Whatcha got there Jim, a little eye-opener "
"Yeah but I don't know where to take her...shit, she's got no
mattress!"  Jessica panicked  "Take her in Laundry Jim!, Won't be anyone in there
for hours!!"  Jessica was
being pulled ahead again by her outstretched hands  She stopped dead in her
tracks and blindly turned and twisted her body. She felt Jim's hands
on her and she collapsed... dropped to the floor and tried to roll
away!! "What the Hell got into her!" Jim spoke loudly and the woman's
voice  "Must of figgered where she's goin' Jim !! Have
fun!" With little effort Jim picked up the helpless Jessica and with
his hand about her waist, backed himself and his prize into the
laundry room...Jessica heard the door slam shut as she was shoved hard
across the room. In her hobble she couldn't keep her balance and
terrified she fell forward........into what must have been a huge pile
of bed sheets or the like. In seconds Jim was on top of her. He
wrestled her tied hands up over her head, bent them back behind her
neck and wrapped the tether rope around her neck..then tied it off.
Her fingers clawed at the back of her hood..the first time she had
felt the material......"STAY STILL WOMAN!!! You know what I'm gonna
do! And I'm gonna DO IT!!" Her legs were freed of the hobble and
quickly her left leg was tied fast to what must have been a table leg.
Her right leg was free but her assailant was leaning on it preventing
any movement. Jessica arched her back and bucked as hard as she could
 All her cries were lost in the
gagging wad as she tried to fight off the inevitable! In one powerful
thrust Jim pushed up on her chin..He forced her head far back buried
in the soft laundry and at the same time she felt him ENTER HER!  Jim never relaxed his grip on her ..He seemed to
WANT to push her head up as far as he could...As he thrust deeper and
faster into her he pushed even HARDER on her chin... His body rose and
fell again faster...harder "aaaaAAAAHHHHAAAAHHHDAMN.. GOOD!!!
aaaAAAHHHaaaa!! FUCKINGOOD!" and he collapsed upon his captive...he
released her head and now his face was on her kissing and sucking at
the sack over her head....."Damn! You're good lady!. He lay still with
his manhood still deep into his prey! Jessica's mind was
blank....nothing mattered...she thought this is how it would be. She
was repulsed by his face near hers and she waited motionless for him
to finish. 

Finally after several minutes Jim raised himself and withdrew from
Jessica's body. He stood and she could hear the rustling of clothing
and she supposed he was putting on his pants. No other words were
spoken. Jessica felt her ankles being bound tightly together and her
hands were still anchored firmly at the base of her neck. Jim picked
her up and carried her back to her cell. He DROPPED! her onto the coil
springs again...and she heard her door close and the turn of the
key. She felt AWFUL She felt DIRTY...She wanted to clean
herself........she wanted to go home! In the darkness of the hated
hood, Jessica found more tears to cry!!

She must have slept again as she was awakened again and pulled to a
sitting position by more than one pair of hands. "Well I can guess
what happened........Jim paid her a visit!" she didn't recognize the
woman's voice. Fingers were untying her hands..others at her ankles.
Finally the tight cloth was taken from over her eyes and she felt the
cords of the hood loosen and in the next moment it was pulled up and
off her head. Jessica could only squint into the faces before her.
"I'm Ms. Sandra..Warden of this dorm! How long have you been in that
hood?? Jessica, of course, could not reply but Sandra was now freeing
her of the RKG and gently pulled the now sodden cloth from Jessica's
mouth. Sandra was quite attractive in a neatly pressed uniform shirt
and trousers. A wide belt held no gun but rather three different types
of handcuffs and a pair of fixed manacles were in a leather cases.
Jessica wondered that the Warden was not restrained in any way. Behind
her stood Nora in shackles and E/P GAG!! Nothing decorative now. She
was in secure restraint. Jessica wondered what happened to her but
decided not to inquire. As soon as the cloth cleared her lips Jessica
seized the hand of the Warden with both of hers..."Please..Please!!
please tell me what's happening. Why am I here ? I want to go home!!
Can I go home???? Startled, Sandra pulled back and snatched her hand
from Jessica's grip. "That!!, Missy.....could be construed as an
assault on a staff member and earn you a public FLOGGING TONIGHT!!!"
Shocked, Jessica pulled back her hands as though she'd touched fire!
"If you wish to remain ungagged even for a short while you will ask NO
QUESTIONS!!  Any conversation will be limited to "small talk and the
weather"!! Jessica lowered her eyes. I...I'm sorry Ms. Sandra....."
The Warden did not acknowledge her..Instead she was attaching Nora's
neck to the collar and chain hanging from Jessica's cell wall. Jessica
watched befuddled at this turn of events. 

Ms. Sandra Turned the shackled "slave/assistant" with her face to the
wall then produced a riding crop Jessica had not noticed on her belt.
Sandra stepped back and LASHED AWAY!!!! Back and forth! with all her
strength!! Nora was helpless..she tried to jump, to stamp her
feet...her manacled hands flew up and down before her scraping the
wall. Sandra kept up the tattoo!! with abandon. Even switching hands..
Viciously she added stripe after stripe to poor Nora's spandexed ass!
Then just as quickly she stopped and hung the crop back on her belt.
Turning to Jessica.. "Whew" you need a shower..." she took a pair of
handcuffs from her belt and handed them to Jessica who looked puzzled.
" Get rid of the boots and put these on your ankles". Jessica knelt
and tried to figure out the cuffs. The Warden offered no help and
finally Jessica clumsily got one cuff on and then the second but she
squeezed too hard and the steel cuff bit at her skin. "oooOO It's too
tight Warden" Sandra glanced down.."Not my problem, I didn't put it on
you......Let's get this corset off" The Warden worked on the cincher
laces "Take off the brassiere at least you can do that much yourself"
Immediately Jessica reached between her shoulder blades and soon she
unhooked the awful punishment bra. As it fell away Sandra almost
gasped "Holy Shit!!.....That FUCKING MARY! She's been told not to use
those scrub pads except for PUNISHMENT!.... Er,uh...Are you being
punished for anything?" Jessica looked her in the eyes shaking her
head " I..I..I don't think so." Sandra shook her head "Man, your tits
look sore!" Jessica shivered from head to toe "I'm sorry, Ms.
Sandra..I'm so cold" The Warden grinned and took out her crop again,
playfully tapping Jessica's butt..."Well let's see how long it takes
you to walk to the shower " 

"mmmmfffFFGGG? mmmmfffFFGG???" Nora was trying to make herself
heard...a serious mistake in her E/P gag...The wadding so deeply
packed set up an immediate gag-reflex and Nora was in TROUBLE! her
body racked and veins stood out on her forehead as she retched
uncontrolably. Her eyes were frantic!!! trying to beg Sandra to help
her!!! The Warden looked with disdain and animatedly tapped her foot
as is waiting for Nora to finish. Finally the spasm subsided and
Nora's jaws were WIDE! as air wheezed in and out. Pitifully, Nora
could not get enough and she was frantic!!!! With her hands manacled
before her she finally, in desparation raised her hands to move the
towel just a bit. The crop flayed at her hands, and in the process,
her breasts. She dropped them and stood with closed eyes desparately
trying to control her breathing... Sandra turned to Jessica "Did you
know that happens if you try to talk in an E/P gag? " Stunned at what
she had witnessed..Jessica simply nodded. Turning back to Nora, the
Warden said "I would guess that foolish outburst had to do with my
leaving you collared to the wall.....Well you should know by now, I
don't accept comments or questions from penitents. Sandra looked at
her angrily and at the same time both their eyes fell on the discarded
hood. Nora's eyes widened in fear....Sandra's curled in a faint
smile... She picked up the soggy well worn hood lifted it over Nora's
head and PULLED down with a vengeance! Her lips in a thin line she
pulled the slip cords tight and knotted them under the poor woman's
chin..Then DOUBLE knotted them! Then as Jessica watched in amazement
and some anxiety, Sandra spun the hooded slave around and in one or
two motions, unlocked a manacle, turned the body and cuffed both
wrists behind her back. She paused and surveyed Nora for a
moment...then as if an idea had struck her, she knelt and removed the
left ankle cuff and holding it tightly she rose and YANKED! on the
right ankle cuff. AGAIN! Nora shifted her weight and her right leg was
dragged upward, bent tight at the knee and the open cuff was clicked
shut over her wrist manacles. All Nora's weight, which was substantial
now balanced on one 5" booted heel and her neck remained in the short
chained collar. The weight of her heavy leg dragged on her manacles.
The woman who had controlled Jessica so thoroughly would soon be
hurting. "OK, Jess, let's see you get that shower"! 

Jessica, arms swinging for balance began the trek to wherever the
shower was...4" to a step!! Sandra flicked her harder with the crop
this time, and laughed "Well you sure as shit won't be running away
from me will you !" Jessica answered smartly.."No M'am!" The shower
was at the end of the building and it took close to fifteen minutes to
shuffle across the cold floor. They entered the large room with
several shower stalls but they were the only ones there. Sandra
pointed to a stall and Jessica shuffled into it  There were brass shackles attached to 3'brass chains in
each stall but Jessica was apparently to be spared. The shower was
wonderful and Jessica quckly tried to wash everywhere at once..."Take
your time dear!" Jessica could scarcely believe her ears...She relaxed
and let the hot soapy water soothe her bruises and aches. There was a
plastic bottle of shampoo and Jessica out of habit reached for her
long hair..to pull it forward and begin the shampoo. Her stomach sank
with the remembrance that there WAS no more hair. Tears formed quietly
in her eyes and she squeezed shampoo on her hand and rubbed it into
her short crop of hair. Finally after ten or fifteen minutes she
guessed, Jessica just stood in the hot spray. "You about ready ?"
Jessica smiled ...for the first time in 24  hours. "Yes! Yes, thank
you Ms. Sandra" She turned off the shower and "baby stepped" out as
Sandra tossed her a big white fluffy towel. Jessica happily toweled
her hair and body then out of habit began to wrap her torso in the
expanse of the towel. Her eye caught Sandra's and the Warden gently
shook her head and smiled "Now you're pushing it.!" Jessica handed her
the towel and stood naked. "I'm sure you're confused at the change in
your situation...actually the issue is simply that Dr. Masters insists
that all slaves, maids and staff maintain excellent hygeine and
cleanliness despite anything else that may happen to them. Jessica
began a reply...but was cut off "In other words, Jess, Masters may
feel like FUCKING you on the spur of the moment..and he wants you
clean...simple! So your shower is the ONE time of the day you can feel
like a normal woman. That's why I let you take your time......Now
come! " 

Jessica made her way through a door off the shower into a typical
locker room. One door was open, #2106 and to her surprise her
own uniform and apron were there along with her 5" ankle strapped
black pumps. "I had one of the laundry drudges wash and iron it for
you just this once." Sandra looked kindly at Jessica. "You're here to
receive punishment for your flaws, both real and imagined...still you
SHOULD have had a bed to sleep on..........and that...that business
with Jim.... well I'm a little soft hearted today I guess."  Jessica
smiled sweetly again "Thank you so very much" Sandra went to a wall
cabinet and tossed Jessica a tube of something. "Put some of that on
your tits then let's get dressed. I'm afraid you go back into
bondage. You've a date with Dr. Masters soon." Jessica's heart stopped
for a moment...why should she be frightened ?  But she was indeed VERY
frightened. There was a clean bra in her locker and she started to put
it on then stopped and looked questioningly at Sandra. "Forget about
those "scrubbies" they're Mary's little thing and the uppity bitch
that put them on you is hanging by her neck in your cell  "Is
there a cincher in there?"....Jessica unhappily took a canvas corset
like the first one from her locker. "Put it on! ..C'mon there's a
lacer around the corner here. Jessica folowed and with the corset in
place and the laces locked in the machine, Sandra pressed a button.
Jessica was instantly dragged up against the machine and pinned to the
bumpers then it began to pull in her waist...NON-STOP!
"OOOOhh.Please!!!....UNNnghhhhhhh! Jessica lost her breath and Sandra
stopped the machine and tied off the laces."Oh..Oh God! it was never
THIS Tigheeeeeet! " Well it is now dear!...Masters' loves a wasp
waist!  Jessica was worried..she liked this Warden and she
wondered if that was a safe thing to do......The "maid" now put on her
dismal grey dress, clean but full of old stains and began the
buttoning of twenty some buttons since the humble dress drooped to
just above her ankles. And now the ugly old apron had to be put on.
Jessica couldn't help watching the transition in the full length
mirror. What had been a shapely buxom redheaded nude to turn any man's
head was all at once the plainest of women. Above the apron bib the
huge white pilgrim collar buttoned high at the neck almost covered her
shoulders and it was old and frayed.  And the extra long sleeves with
their stiff white cuffs extending half way down her hands....The
attractive nude had been changed into a nondescript drudge with no
flesh but her face showing. After carefully pulling on black
thigh-highs, She stepped into 5" black patent pumps with locks
attached to the wide ankle straps. The Warden did the honor of
padlocking her shoes in place. Then as Jessica tried to comb her
"pixie" hairdo...Sandra was reading a clipboard she had brought from
the cell.

"All rope and cloth eh??" Huh! "Your bondage is very severe and only
rope and cloth can be used. Where'd that idea come from?" "Oh!,
Jessica answered "My husband I'm sure..that his thing!" "Well he can
have it.....Come over here!". Jessica stood before the Warden who had
taken a pile of rope from a box. "Turn around" and a doubled length of
rope was passed behind her neck, through her armpits and drawn to the
center of the back. Sandra knotted the rope harness than
PULLED it so tight Jessica's shoulders were strained backwards. "Good
for your posture Jess" "Hands behind your back!... lay'em
flat!" Jessica sensed her friends attitude changing and she thought
 Sandra quickly and too firmly roped her
wrists together in parallel then crossed the rope to cinch them...The
ends were drawn up and tied to the rope shoulder harness and she
HEAVED on the knot dragging Jessica's hands up to her shoulder blades
and causing great strain! "Oh! Ms. Sandra..Ouch! theyr'e too high!"
The Warden snapped at her "Quiet, NOW! The pleasure time is over  it's my job to deliver you to Masters the
way he wants you !.....There!" Jessica's hands were immobilzed
completely and already she felt the tingle of poor circulation...but
she kept quiet. Sandra looped rope about the maids ankles above her
strap and tied a hobble about 12-14" long. Jessica, in her heels stood
a proud 5'9" tall but in her NOVICE dress she felt anything but
proud....How different her mood from just a little while ago when she
showered and relaxed and felt so feminine.  Now she was helplessly
bound again and watching the Warden at the linen cabinet she knew she
would soon taste the familiar cotton rags being stuffed into
mouth..threatening her throat. Sandra approached her with a hand full
of cloths..most obvious was the familiar RKG. Sandra shook out a
colored bandana and rinsed it under hot water. She squeezed it then
shook the excess water from the cloth and approached Jessica. "Open
up!...you know how this is played. "Jessica trying to hold onto her
new friendship heard herself say "Yes...thank you!" And she opened her
mouth fully to receive the wet rag. As soon as it was poked and packed
and wadded deep against the back of her throat...another, dry this
time, bandana was stuffed into her mouth and worked by Sandra's
fingers into her cheeks and under her tongue...this was new to
Jessica..then came the worst part as the big knot of an RKG was
pressed against the wadding and sank into the cloth....and the ends
were soon tied off EVER so tight!! by the Warden. Jessica had to think
Sandra was a consumate professional at gagging! But there was a new
twist....Sandra produced two white towels the same as were made into
RKG's but folded to about 4" in width. She quickly tied one over her
captive's eyes and tied it tightly behind her neck. The second was
tied over Jessica's mouth! Covering the RKG completely..it's knot was
placed on top of the first to prevent the possibility of the gag
slipping off..and it was TIGHT. Jessica's temples throbbed from the
constriction about her face. Thoroughly blindfolded now, Jessica could
not see that the two stark white towels accented the white trim of the
maid dress and obscuring all her facial features but the tip of her
nose, created the image of a humble servant. "Ooops..almost forgot"
Sandra opened a drawer.. "What color hanky are you?...Red?  Blue?  Shit!..WHITE??  "I really pity you"  And as a final touch, the
ridiculous "White Hanky" was pinned on her shoulder."Let's go NOVICE
BROWN !" Sandra spoke loudly to the maid as she took her arm and
walked just a bit too fast for Jessica's hobbled ankles. They walked a
short distance, then down two steps and into the night air and the
gravel lot. Suddenly Jessica stiffened and tried to stop. She dragged
herself backward and dug in her heels to Sandra's astonishment!
"MMFFFAPPP' mmffAAFFF!!!" MMIF APPP!!" Jessica was frantic..trying to
communicate ..shaking her head wildly up and down and sideways!!
The Warden had NO idea what the Hell she was... "WHAT
is it??? Jessica flung her head back and shook it "MMMMIIFFAPPP"
...Sandra laughed "Oh! I get it ...your HAT ? Jessica nodded
vigorously Yes! and waited....."Well dear, there was none in your
locker so I guess you don't GET one...now come ON!" Jessica's heart
pounded out of her chest in panic as she was dragged stumbling into
the Main building  Sandra's cheery voice broke out "GOOD MORNING DR. MASTERS !
How are you sir ? Yes! I've brought you Mrs Brown!

In Chapter VIII--Orientation "It's not NICE to cross Dr. Masters




A VACATION FOR JESSICA  Chapter VIII...... Jessica's Orientation
=====================================================

"Ah HAH!.. Yes!!  The poor beleaguered Mrs. Brown!! Who finds herself
the unwitting victim of some terrible mistake !!! Bring her IN !! dear
Ms. Sandra. And while you're at it find some rope and bind her to that
chair Right by the fireplace" Masters was rubbing his palms together
in glee."Yes, RIGHT by the fireplace!" The Warden silently smiled at
him and nodded.. She pulled Jessica to a thin framed straight chair
and sat her on it. In moments she was enthusiastically lashing her
captive to it with tight rope placed at nearly every juncture.
Jessica's ankles were unhobbled and bound to the front legs. Then her
knees were tied together causing painful straining at her ankles.
Tight ropes bound her lap to the chair seat, then her waist to the
chair back. Sandra worked in perfect order upward on Jessica's body.
Her hands were freed to be LACED onto the sides of the chair from
armpit to the backs of her hands!. Finally long ropes passed around
her breasts and criss-crossed over her shoulders and around her
breasts again and over her shoulders till she was as ONE with the
chair. Poor Jessica was puzzled till she realized that the Warden's
game was to impress her boss.....and her boss LOVED his charges in
bondage. Jessica wondered what was happening as Sandra seemed to be
working on the blindfold's knot behind her head. But when she stopped,
the cloth was still in place. Then suddenly, Jessica felt her head
being pulled back slowly....by a rope?..she did not resist until it
seemed too much. She tried to pull back but there wasn't a
chance..Backward her head went till her face pointed straight up to
the ceiling it seemed. With an EXTRA tug! the Warden tied off the rope
and Jessica was in an awful position. Her neck hurt...her
shoulders...the cloths in her mouth were pulled so deep she was afraid
of gagging!! "Excuse me Doctor, could you help me with this
please Sir ?' "What? Oh, yes, of course " His voice came
closer "Glad to my dear!" And Jessica felt herself and her chair
lifted and set down again...then pushed forward..as if on wheels. 

She could feel the welcome heat of the roaring fire in the huge
fireplace. Then as her chair was rolled further the heat became quite
intense....Quite HOT!!. Jessica's chair rested on a device
which looked much like a big "Lazy Susan"...a sort of round platform
on small caster wheels. The back of her chair faced the fire and the
skin on her hands felt MUCH too hot........ Meanwhile Sandra had
plugged a long cord into the wall and now she bent over to a switch on
the turn-table. And Jessica, lashed to her chair...staring sightlessly
at the ceiling began to ROTATE!!! in the radiance of the FLAMES!!!
Like a barbeque spit...the helpless woman turned slowly before the
fire. "Do you think that's a little too close?" The Warden spoke
softly to Masters. "MMmmmm..just a tad.." "I'll move her" and Sandra
started toward Jessica. "No,No,no,no....tell you what...she'll be
fine...but better wet her down......you know, in case of
sparks... Sandra was puzzled but didn't want to appear at a
loss.  Her eye caught a large watering can by the hearth and she
guessed that was her answer. The Warden confidently seized the can and
went into the lavatory.  Jessica was trying to make "help me" sounds
in her gag but the wet cloth blocked virtually everything but a slight
rattle in her throat....she was HOT! BURNING UP!! TERRIFIED!!! Then
out of nowhere COLD WATER cascaded onto her head and down her neck.
The spray hit her shoulders and chest..into her lap. SHE TRIED TO
MOVE..TO STRUGGLE!! but her bonds would not give an inch......The
water poured down her back and onto her hands. And now gradually the
WATER was becoming warmer...much warmer...Hot...HOT!...Jessica could
now smell the odor of detergent and bleach as the moisture in her
dress and apron vaporized.....Then she felt the chair moved ... about
an inch or two. In a few turns of the chair it felt Hot and
Stifling..but she was not burning......And so, for at least the next
forty five minutes, poor Jessica cooked before the fireplace.

With her head held so far back her mind played tricks on her and she
constantly felt she was about to tip backwards ...Into the fire??????
 A small vase of three flowers.. a Sterling coffee pot on
it's trivet, a plate of toast, Jam and Butter, and a large covered
dish before each setting. Masters rose to his feet when both her arms
were freed. He was not going to release her any further she sensed. He
pushed her up to the table and her sodden apron draped legs
disappeared underneath. Masters was having trouble with her gag also
due to the wet cloth. Finally the towel was off and the RKG was
loosened and pulled from her teeth. He dropped the wet cloths as he
motioned to Jessica...she thought she understood and plucked at the
cloths filling her mouth. They too were hard to grasp but she managed
to pull the first out. She retched and gagged slightly on the next
cloth as it touched her throat but finally it came out and joined the
pile on the floor. She stared blankly at Masters... with NO CLUE what
to say or if to say anything! He broke the silence. 

"Well, how are you ?? That WAS fun to watch !!  But you do
look like HELL!  Well, eat girl before it's all cold...Do you like
Eggs Benedict?" " Er...why yes!...thank you" Jessica stammered". "Tuck
your napkin in at the neck Jessica!"  Jessica complied. They
ate quietly with a few conversational breaks then  Masters dabbed his
chin and sat back. "All full and feeling great?" "No sir, I'm full
thank you, but I'm cold and yucky!". Well we'll have you out of those
clothes soon " Masters took on a serious expression.
"Jessica, I wanted you to know that I've taken a very special interest
in your presence here. Normally a prisoner, once oriented, is left to
her guard's and the staff's attentions. But you fall into a unique
category. First, you are, well usually, Most attractive...I LIKE buxom
little red-heads! so that's in your favor. On the other hand, you have
displayed a bit of recalcitrance....and THAT no matter how minor, can
not be overlooked or tolerated 
And to make a long story and several pathetic conversations...long
distance! to your husband, short. You owe me $1500. Jessica gasped!
"Sir..I owe you fif...????" Well YOU are here Mrs. Brown...your
deadbeat husband is NOT! At first it appeared there would be a
resolution to the problem in ten days. Then the story was some kind of
"bookkeeping" error. NOW! he doesn't have it and doesn't know when he
will. And by his tone of voice, I got the feeling he wasn't too upset
about it." Masters leaned closer. "And get this Jessica. When I
explained that our policy was to add substantial amounts of punishment
to the prisoner' regimen in such cases.......... His reply was "Well..
look... you gotta do what you gotta do." And he laughed, Mrs.
Brown...He LAUGHED! And some woman's voice in the room was laughing
EVEN HARDER!. His words hit Jessica like a slap in the face and her
mouth must have just fallen open and she looked at him. "I know, Mrs.
Brown, I'm sorry..but there are often hidden agendas when wives are
brought to us. And when I saw the long list of petty nonsense Michael
had drawn up, I was quite sure of what was happening to you."
Jessica's body had slumped against the ropes and she continued to
stare blankly. "However, Mrs. B. you must understand that whatever
empathy I may have for your tragic plight. Your situation changes only
in that in addition to your work assignments, training and required
discipline, I WILL have satisfaction! and it WILL come entirely from
you !!! 

Masters stood up and walked to his desk. he picked up a small black
box, like a radio with an antenna.  He seemed to punch in some
numbers. "Now, Jessica, we have a VERY busy day! Since you will be
kept as a NOVICE with no hope of promotion...you must learn about your
"pager" As a novice, the only "good" part of the job might be said to
be the fact that you will find yourself working or "running" errands
anywhere on the grounds. So you will wear a "paging device"...a sort
of "beeper"   "Whenever
you are needed I just punch in your.... Suddenly!  the heavy doors
flew open and CINDY! charged in as fast as her hobbled ankles would
allow. Jessica saw the woman wore kitchen whites and hat and her ever
present RKG was stained and discolored.....Cindy ran to a large white
button on the wall behind Masters desk and pushed it...Her hands were
locked in 3 link handcuffs.  Again..and Again she pushed the button!
.... Now Cindy was POUNDING ON THE SWITCH!!! she glanced, Wildeyed!
at Masters who was grinning and looking at his watch. Cindy was
beating FRANTICALLLY at the button with both hands now!!! Then as
Masters grinned at her "MMMMMMMEEEEIIIIIIIINNNIIIEEEEEEEEEOOOOO" 
Cindy's knees buckled! she grabbed frantically for her butt!!! But
with handcuffs on she spun in place like a dog chasing it's tale!
Cindy hadn't stopped shrieking into the gag ooooEEEEEoooo!!!
and now she was on the floor FLOPPING LIKE A FISH!!!! "AAAAAAaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaooooooo" Masters picked up the box again, and Cindy lay
motionless on the carpet curled up in fetal position. Jessica was
shocked and FRIGHTENED to see Masters laughing softly as he
turned away from Cindy who was moaning continuously.......

"Now, Jessica, I'll explain about your pager". He reached into a desk
drawer and pulled out a silver dildo shaped object about six inches
long and attached to it was what appeared to be a leather belt and a
wider strap that narrowed at it's center. "Oh Goodness!" Jessica heard
her self say. "Hardly" Masters chuckled again "Actually they are
anti-escape devices as well." He picked up the black box. "When I or a
Manager want you we enter your number here and your pager
vibrates to alert you....Oh, by the way, It's in your rectum!..did I
mention that?" Mortified, Jessica mouthed the word "NO" but no sound
came out..only her head shook in disbelief. "So! When you are paged
you are to report to your particular station and you have THREE
MINUTES! to get there! Unless you are "too far away" such as trying to
leave the grounds .....If you have not pressed your home
button in the three minute period, the device contains a high voltage
coil and you are automatically administered a SEVERE! MIND BLANKING!
BRAIN NUMBING SHOCK! Until someone turns it off." Jessica was staring
at Cindy who had rolled onto her back and was having trouble breathing
"Any questions Jessica?" " Huh? what? Oh!..well what about her..I mean
she pushed her.."Oh that!...Just a little demonstration..you see that
is YOUR button now. I changed hers to the kitchen where she's
working....must have "forgotten" to tell her  Put on quite
a show didn't she??? Now, Cindy who had heard the explanation lay on
her stomach, her face on her arm..sobbing pitiously. "Very few
prisoners have missed their page more than once" Masters tossed the
mass of straps and silver into Jessica's lap. Instinctively her hands
recoiled from it's touch. "Oh!, and another thing. Once every other
day or so, just for fun, I "hit" one of the gals with a 60 second
shock!! It's a random number thing...may never get you....
Well, that's your new "pager".......Now what else??? Masters put his
finger to his chin as though thinking..."Oh! Yes, Jessica, the
$1500....yes, yes......Well I know you don't have it in cash with you
so other arrangements have been made" He paused and grinned at
Jessica... allowing her mind to wonder ...... Then in a purpously
light and "conversational" tone he went on "I believe in your first
interview I mentioned that whipping and flogging and such are ONLY
carried out by my direct command....in one of our Punishment Rooms or
Dungeons as the prisoners prefer to call them." Masters handed her a
plastic card, much like a credit card. "Keep this with you! You will
be shown where "your" dungeon is. Since you will have the run of the
house for your work, you must, on your own!, report there each
morning, noon and evening!" Jessica felt tears building again...and
heart sickening fear as she listened to this man..." Insert your card
in the slot, enter and approach the attendant. He will scan your card
and know what to do..... And HOW MANY
TIMES TO DO IT !! HA HAAA hahahah!!" Masters began to untie Jessica
from her chair as Cindy was now sitting and revived somewhat. Masters
turned his attentions to her. "Cindy dear, forgive me for taking
advantage of you but I knew Jessica would be impressed. Your button,
by the way was right behind you in "Bakery"  "Now Cindy, I
need your help with this wench! I'm late for an appointment. Bind her,
gag her and put her on a collar in the laundry while you dry her
uniform. And look through the laundry pile for an old NOVICE cap for
her  She seems to have conveniently forgotten hers this
morning"  Masters closed his briefcase. "That being the case, before
you prepare her for her "dusting" work this morning, take her by the
shop and ask them to please SHAVE HER HEAD COMPLETELY!!!" Masters
shouted the order while glaring at the stunned Jessica. "You will
learn, my dear, You WILL learn." In a mocking fashion, Masters tousled
Jessica's hair and patted her head as he left the room.......

Twenty minutes or so later, her mind and thoughts a muddle, Jessica
found herself nearly nude, chained by the neck to a wall and standing
in corset, stockings and 5" heels. Her wrists were crossed, bound and
cinched too tightly and her mouth had been stuffed full of the wet
rags from Masters' office floor and Cindy had used one of the wet
towels again to secure the gag.....She noticed Cindy'd hands still
shook uncontrollably and the young woman was ashen faced from the
electric shock she had endured because of Jessica. Taking a desparate
risk, Cindy had even pulled the RKG from her mouth. More than twice
she had vomited and now she was dry heaving into the tub...her body
spasm'd violently every few minutes......Cindy was NOT happy with
Jessica ! Finally Cindy laid down on the pile of laundry Jessica
recognized all too well..... and as she tried to put the rape out of
her mind, and as the machines droned on for the next hour, Cindy
slept.....

"RRRRRRRIIIIIINNNNNGGG!!" Cindy was awakened, and Jessica jumped a
foot! at the sound of an alarm bell in the hall by their door. It
became apparant that this was some kind of a "noon" whistle or lunch
break. Cindy, much improved got right to work but first she leaned
toward Jessica and hissed in her ear! "I'm through feeling sorry for
you!! You'll get what you were sent here for and I'm going to see that
I get a piece of it Red! .....OH!  I'm the LAST one that'll
call you that!!!! " Jessica became nauseous too at the
thought of what would happen to her soon...and of Michael!  Masters words kept playing
in her brain like a song. Cindy pulled the drab dress, bra and apron
out of the dryer and with them over her shoulder, quickly untied
Jessica's hands. "Put these on quick...unbotton the neck strap and you
can put on your "pretty" apron   Barely able to move six inches from the
cement wall, Jessica eventually got into her dress. It was not "too"
wrinkled, but far from perfect. She worked the apron into place just
as Cindy came toward her grinning from ear to ear!!! "This is a beauty
Jess!! Never SAW one of these! " The MAIDS CAP was surely of
another time...different from her first, this was of a heavier white,
stiff cotton...material like her apron, it was big and had a black
elastic ribbon threaded through it. Cindy put it on her captives head
and laughed! Then pulled it way down over Jessica's eyes and ears...So
big was the ugly hat! The ruffle of it rode up and settled at
Jessica's eyes and she couldn't free them by blinking...the cloth was
scratching her eyeballs! Cindy couldn't have cared less. "Tell you
what Red! If I'VE got to wear a fucking dumb cooks hat! You CERTAINLY
deserve this one   She fastened a pair of black
leg irons on Jessica's ankles then unlocked the heavy leather collar.
Jessica was frantic..her eyes were killing her and tearing badly!
Cindy reached up under Jessica's voluminous skirt to her waist and
fastened a belt around it. 

For the moment, Jessica forgot about her eyes as she recognized the
contraption being strapped on her. "Bend over..Hands on the
floor...bend your knees and spread'em!" Cindy drew the tapered
leather strap from the front of the belt and pulled it through
Jessica's legs to the back. The dildo fit through a hole in the strap
and once fixed, a flap snapped over it to keep it from
falling out. Rudely, Cindy flapped the uniform skirt up and over
Jessica's head. It was so large it formed a tent over her touching the
ground. Jessica's bare white ass and it's little brown hole were in
plain view. Cindy pressed the silver prod into the rectum and
Jessica's gagged scream and gyrations stopped her.  Cindy looked around the laundry..she
thought of liquid detergent but thought that might be like an
enema...finally she grabbed a bottle of fabric softener and poured it
on the dildo..and that was as much as she was going to do for this
bitch! Cold, wet and slippery, the long silver probe
disappeared quickly into Jessica's ass and the crotch strap was
buckled to the belt and she pulled Jessica upward ! At first Jessica
felt like she was sitting on a broom but sooner than she thought, the
feeling of invasion subsided..she wondered if she could walk. Cindy
was in a hurry! She had found an old white towel in the laundry and
she lifted the "hat" for it was too big and foolish to be called a
"cap" from Jessica's eyes and as quickly tied the towel over them,
knotting it tight behind her head. "Here we go Red!" and she pulled
her out of the room and into the hall in a replay of the morning's
walk with Sandra. They walked a long way down the hall and then a
flight of steps downward, a landing, a turn, and more steps. Jessica's
leg irons hurt on the stairs. The stopped and Cindy opened a door and
pushed her charge inside roughly then backed her agaist the wall.
Jessica's heart raced as she smelled...cologne, Witch Hazel!!  Cindy tied her hands together palm to palm
then tied passed a rope between her arms and body and pulled back
hard. Jessica's elbows were drawn back and her hands forced to rest
against her stomach.. "Stand at attention NOVICE!! Cindy barked at her
 Jessica wanted no trouble so she stood erect..

Cindy was impressing the staff! Jessica didn't know how much time had
passed...she was thinking of hair. Of the curly red hair she'd had as
a ..girl....Of the months and years of nurturing it to waist
length...How Michael LOVED her hair! How Master Ken had compelled her
to kerchief her hair when she read his stories..."mild humiliation" he
called it and it was .... Someone grabbed her and dragged her across
several feet then backed her up to a chair and pushed her in it. SHE
PANICKED! for the second it took to feel what the "pager" was going to
do. It drove up into her..but did not exactly hurt....though it was
FAR from comfortable. Hands bound the "customer's" ankles together and
to the chair somehow and heavy rope was used to tie her torso the the
chair back. "What are we doing here? Any body got the chart on this
one ??" Another, woman's, voice "Yep! All the way!!" The male barber
was pleased "Yesssss!!...Awrright!" The two towels were untied from
Jessica' face. She was afraid to open her eyes. When she did, slowly,
she squinted into the light and found herself in an all-white sterile
looking room. Straight ahead of her in a full length mirror sat a
woman in a frumpy grey dress bound to a barber chair, hands folded in
her lap. Ends of red and yellow cloth stuck out of her mouth! A tall
muscular black in a light blue smock and a comb sticking out of a
pocket was ripping a wide piece of silver duct tape from a big
roll...He peered over Jessica's shoulder to see her face and plastered
the tape across her mouth. Then two more in an "X" shape.....rather an
overkill but he seemed to enjoy it. Jessica closed her eyes at the
first sound of the electric clipper by her right ear....and she let
herself cry....! The clippers stopped and stayed quiet and Jessica
barely opened her eyes to see before her a BALD WOMAN she did not
know...A BALD WOMAN whose mouth and lower face were masked in silver
tape! The barber had a mug of something in his hand and to her shock
he brushed white lather all over her skull...then just rubbed it
around her head. Jessica was staring transfixed now as with a cheap
disposable razor he shaved her head SMOOTH! clearing every speck of
shaving cream. Her head felt LIGHT.....and COLD!!!! The barber toweled
the scraps of cream from her head. Then ran his hands over it to test
for misses...and finding none, walked away. It was over and somehow,
Jessica wasn't at all sure it mattered. Cindy grinned sadistically as
she pulled the hat over her captive's head again! In seconds Jessica
was untied again. Cindy had borrowed two more towels from the shop and
having folded them to the right widths, replaced Jessica's blindfold.
Then pulled off the duct tape as Jessica's lips were burned in the
process. Then tucking the scarves or whatever back into her mouth,
Cindy tied in Jessica's gag. The female barber still held Jessica's
chart "This poor WOMAN!!...from a head shave down to SIMON!!??...my
GOD!" Since both interested parties were well gagged, she received no
reply but Cindy nodded affrmatively as she steered the blindfolded
prisoner out the door...headed for Jessica's rendezvous with
"Simon".....of Dungeon # 3




Jessica - Part 9

This chapter of Jessica's imprisonment is distributed with thanks and
appreciation for the work contributed by co-author "Wildthing" of the
English Palace BBS (908) 739-1755.  She is a continuing inspiration.

A VACATION FOR JESSICA  CHAPTER IX.........in which "Simon SAYS!!"
=====================================================

Had he appeared in theatrical make-up, Simon could not have looked
more suited to his profession. He was unusually tall, 6',6" at least
and thin to the point of appearing gaunt. His craggy face and large
nose were topped by a thick shock of unruly brown hair. His eyes were
deep set and piercing. He was dressed entirely in black leather.
Pointed toe boots were covered by tight leather trousers. he wore no
shirt under a black leather vest although his work-place was damp and
quite cold. Gold chains, several of them higlighted his protruding
Adam's Apple. He wore one black glove on his right hand which
presently held a riding crop.  Simon held a title..."Chief Torturer"
One mean't more to terrify the inmates than to distinguish him. On
each of the six heavy wooden cell doors were two brass plaques
"Punishment Room #..." and beneath it a second "SIMON, Chief Torturer"
At present he moved about room # 3 readying it for the first visit of
the new woman, "Mrs. Brown" The dark stone walled cell was no more
than eight feet square. Illuminated by a real "torch" flaming on a
corner wall, the furnishings included a heavy chain with collar
attached hanging straight down from the center ceiling. Manacles and
Collars attached in pairs to the side walls and a heavy, rough hewn
oaken chair occupied a spot under the hanging chain. A large rustic
trunk in the corner, it's lid open, displayed a vast collection of
straps, whips, manacles and God knows what. The floor was of dirt.
Simon's attention to preparation was interrupted by a buzzing
sound........the card access alarm announcing it's victim. This
electronic addition the the medieval setting was strange as was the
small notebook computer on a shelf by the door. 

Glancing at the display, Simon was informed that prisoner #2106 was
outside. Jessica L. Brown, Novice Maid was to receive corporal
discipline. 5 strokes missed at the scheduled morning session and the
10 "voluntary lashes" selected for noontime. Her status was "RELAXED
RESTRAINT, FULLY GAGGED". Satisfied, Simon pushed hard on the wooden
door and it creaked open bumping the small grey clad figure that stood
alone with knees visibly shaking. Jessica, blindfolded, gagged, in leg
irons and her hands bound palms together thought she would faint with
fear. To make matters worse, Cindy before inserting the access card
and leaving, had pulled one of the dreaded hoods over Jessica's bald
head, knotted the drawstrings tightly at her throat then replaced the
maids hat. Simon grinned at the sight of his new charge and seizing
the loose end of rope, pulled her stumbling in by the wrists. Simon
had his plans for the prisoner well laid out. At first, there would be
no personal contact...no clue for Jessica as to what was happening.
Even before the door closed behind her Jessica could feel the
difference in this place. It was colder not only in temperature but in
spirit.  Who was this Simon and what would her payment be like. Even
through the hood and her gag, Jessica could smell the damp odor of
this room.  For the first time she was glad to have at least the
unniform to help keep out the chill.  Her thoughts wandered to Dr.
Masters and his explanation of her paying off the bounced check by
visits to the dungeon.  Well he certainly was right there.  This place
felt positively medieval and terrifying...and as yet Simon had not
made a sound.  The silence, as intended, made jessica very nervous.
She felt her hands being untied. She felt herself being pushed against
the cold, damp wall.  Her arms were being pulled upward and attached
to restraints high on the wall. The next thing she knew, her skirt was
lifted and tucked into her apron.  She felt her body tighten and her
muscles shiver in anticipation of the first blow.

 The sharp solitary sting of that first blow made Jessica
weak.  Not the whip or the paddle but something, a switch or a crop
  And not on her ass but on her thigh. With the first strike
jessica's thigh SCREAMED!  The steady burning that followed tore
through her whole body.  The second stroke landed on the opposite
thigh.  Jessica tried to move...to get away... but all she felt was
that cold wall scraping at her chest. Each strike was being
timed.....just as each went from stinging to burning another found
it's mark.  Despite the coldness of the room, Jessica began to sweat!
Five strokes tore at her body before they ceased.  When she was not
released, Jessica reminded herself of what she already knew. She owed
ten more "noon-time" strokes now..... She could scarcely catch her
breath through her sobbing...she felt her feet roughly kicked as wide
as her chain would allow.  She was totally unprepared for what she
felt when the first of these blows landed on the soft skin of her
right inner thigh.  Every muscle in her body convulsed.  Had she not
been virtually hanging from the wall, she knew she would have fallen
to her knees. The second stroke landed just slightly higher than the
middle of her inner thigh, the third...even higher!  Even through the
searing stomach-sickening pain, the thought of where the next stripe
might land made Jessica crazy!  This was NOT lost on Simon. The next
three blows were laid to her LEFT inner thigh.  Her entire body shook
violently with each new blow.  She clawed at the wall but could find
nothing to hold onto but sklimy rock.  She pressed herself tighter
against the wall trying to escape Simon's tortures. In a finale',
Simon administered the last four lashes to the tender undersides of
both buttocks.  Then, still without speaking, he released her wrists
from their restraints on the wall.  Jessica collapsed to her knees,
sobbing into her dark, cloth prison.  Simon with no sign of compassion
or pity hoisted her to her feet and tied her hands unnecessarily tight
behind her back.  Her torturer pulled the cap off her head and
fumbling with the throat cords, he untied the cloth hood and pulled it
off her, staying directly behind her.
 
As though he had done it a thousand times, practically in one motion,
Simon pulled her hat back down over her eyes and stuffed her hood in
her apron pocket. He made no move to pull down the back of her dress.
Only as the door opened and Jessica was pushed out into the corridor
did  Simon speak. "Now go to work Mrs. Brown. I'll be awaiting you
after dinner " The door creaked shut and Jessica was
alone in the hallway....Confused, heartsick and in pain like she'd
never known. Her legs were on FIRE! from the inside out it
seemed...and it grew more intense...not less. She SCREAMED! into her
gag with every movement of her legs!  It couldn't possibly be... Dr. Masters was only
scaring her..... The damned cap was over her eyes and so thick was this
one that she could only make out light. She began to walk toward it.
It took all she could do to make her legs move.....each movement
intensified the pain   Her
ankles were roped to about a 12" hobble as far as Jessica could see.
Margarette's bondage was not all that severe. Her wrists were crossed
and criss-crossed in place with white rope. The rigid placement of the
rope meant she could not shift her hands at ALL! from 90 degrees so
she had to continuously "hold" her hands in place. The woman's mouth
was packed full! with God knew what and a white RKG#2 spread her jaws
wide. Because she still had her hair, a white scarf "helmet" completed
her ensemble. Jessica felt for this woman for clearly she had NEVER
experienced anything like this EVER! The constant flow of silent tears
down her cheeks assured Jessica  that Margaret was, indeed, in misery.

               ++++++++++++++++++++++++
               +   HELENE BLACKWOOD   +
               +   Philadelphia, PA   +
               + "I am a Prima-Donna" +
               ++++++++++++++++++++++++

To Jessica, Helene Blackwood looked like anything but a Prima-Donna. 
While all the women in the closet room would be considered "dressed
up" for the party. Helene was in prisoner garb. She wore a plain grey
shift stenciled "Prisoner" and "M.I.T" all over. Around her waist was
a heavy wide leather belt and to that her hands were shackled  behind
her with 6" cuffs. Helene wore old dull 4-5" heels and her ankles were
hobbled to 12" by a chain Jessica thought must weigh twenty pounds!
Indeed each of the five links was the size and shape of a donut! She
wore a large grey cotton cloth tied about her forehead at eyebrow
level then tied under itself behind. All hair and her ears were
covered. From the vacant look in her eyes, Jessica guessed that the
woman wore an RKG+ and a tight one. Her mouth from tip of nose to chin
was covered by another grey cloth tied as tightly as an E/P!  Jessica
couldn't picture her as a prima-Donna. Jessica looked about at the
others and suddenly wondered...What did HER! badge say?? Her thought
was interrupted by the closet door opening and the hulk of Jim. "All
right girls show time!!  follow me single file". Jim led
the group of hapless women toward the ballroom. To have stood and
watched the procession would have sparked the soul of ANY sadist.
Every emotion and state of mind seemed represented in the beings of
the prisoners. Jessica seemed less upset than most and walked with an
almost proud stride her posture greatly enhanced by her bondage of
course. She was first in the line. When they stopped at the door of
the ballroom, Jessica tried to take in the others. Directly behind
her, Helene seemed consumed with humiliation and in fact kept her eyes
closed almost all the time. The heavy metallic clanking of her leg
restraints could not be missed and Jessica realized the woman's ankles
were chafing already!  Clearly the worst off, however, was poor
Margaret. She cried continuously as she tried to walk. The razor sharp
gravel would have been torture to anyone but, Jessica thought, because
of Margaret's size and weight her plight was hideous. "eeennff!"
"oogff!" "unfffg!". Every step brought a pitifull cry to the woman's
throat only to be stopped by her gag, she seemed about to collapse.

"You know what to do...go on in and sit down". The little band of 
captive women filed in as they had been instructed and took their
seats on the metal chairs. They quickly looked amongst themselves then
each scanned the room in search of "their" people.  Jessica's search
was short as her eyes fell on Michael seated at the first table.
Charlotte sat beside him. Their hands, snugly entwined rested on the
table, clearly for Jessica's benefit. Jessica felt a lump rising in
her throat she also began to feel the sodden scarf wad moving in her
mouth if she turned her head in any direction she was frightened. As
the women found their seats, Masters gestured to Jim and at once the
room lights fell to where the prisoners could not see the guests then
suddenly they were bathed in bright white light pouring from
spotlights in the ceiling. It was like a movie set! From speakers
concealed in the ceiling also, music began to play, old music,
medieval tunes played on the harpsichord. It fit well.

"Ladies and gentlemen", Masters' voice penetrated the darkness. "It is
time for your prisoners to greet you and receive their number for the 
evening. The prisoner will locate your table and is to bow humbly from

the waist until you signal her upright.  She will repeat this gesture
to your honored guest" These instructions were directed to the woman
though addressed to the "guests". "Your prisoner is not blindfolded so
that she may use her eyes to sincerely express to you, her
appreciation and gratitude for your having sent her here. You will
kindly make note for me of the slightest hint of displeasure, or shall
we say "dirty looks" Any such actions will be dealt with during this
party." Masters was rubbing his palms together and the guests had
begun to twitter. "In the covered baskets, are several items for your
use..quite self-explanatory  However, please note the
number tag which matches your table number. You will please affix it
to your prisoner when she visits you. The first reunion will be Mrs.
Jessica L. Brown as she greets her husband Michael Brown and new
friend and lover, Charlotte Revell!!" There was applause! Jessica was
paralyzed with emotion..."JESSICA BROWN!" 

Masters' voice sent Jessica to her feet and she walked into the
darkness toward Michael's table. In seconds she was before them, they
were finishing an "inside joke" as she began to bow deeply, her face
nearly touching the table. "Well, dear. How are you enjoying your
prison life ??"  Michael's voice was emotionless.
Charlotte was trying to stifle the giggles! "I'll bet you're glad I
paid that check eh? I thought about letting it slide "  "OK..straighten up!" Jessica's back
ached as she rose again. "You don't have to bow to Charlotte"   "You are to KNEEL! at her feet she has something
for you!" Michael moved his chair away to make way and poor Jessica
fell to her knees at the lap of Charlotte. Charlotte played it to the
hilt first extending her right hand for Jessica's muffled kiss,
followed by the left!  When Jessica complied, Charlotte giggled again
and said to Michael "Ooooh, this is fun sweetheart!!" As Jessica knelt
before her, breasts jutting forward, Charlotte lifted the napkin from
a basket and withdrew a large plastic " #1 " tag attached to a plastic
clothespin. As Jessica's eyes widened in fear! Charlotte squeezed the
clothespin and placed it over Jessica's left nipple. "Ready
bitch?...One....Two  She let the powerful clothespin snap
onto the nipple. Jessica saw STARS!! She pitched forward into
Charlotte's lap then up erect and twisted wildly!!!! "Calm down dear!
That's a Forster's American Classic you can't even PULL them off!!
 Jessica "lost it" as the fire and pain
raced through her chest to her groin, she couldn't think or breathe!!
so intense was the pain. "Thank you Mrs. Brown, please return to your
seat" Masters' order was followed by loud applause. Jessica was
hunched over in pain and humiliation as she stumbled back to her seat.

"Mrs. Helene Blackwood is next! "  She will greet her
devoted husband Peter and loving step-daughter, 22 year old Tiffany"  
Helene Blackwood rose from her seat next to Jessica and slowly walked 
forward, her heavy leg-irons clanking noisily on the polished floor.
She almost twisted her body with each step to avoid the metal cuff's
twisting on her ankle. Her eyes were cloudy. Her destination was a
table set quite far back and as she made her way, the conversation
level rose and Masters signalled for the room lighting to be raised.
Helene plodded slowly to the rear table occupied by her husband. She
bowed from the waist before Peter. The skirt of her prison dress
touched the floor as she bent forward. Peter, realizing he was being
watched, rose from his seat and made a show of inspecting the bowed
woman who's wrapped face stared at the floor. Peter seized the little
riding crop and walked about Helene's form, tapping it on his leg and
trying to figure something clever to do for the crowd. Finally,
turning his wife's butt toward the other tables, he lifted her skirt
over her back exposing her bare ass with it's "antenna" wire
protruding. He made face...screwing up his nose as if smelling
something he didn't like. Then running his finger along his wife's
crack he sniffed it and "gasped" In mock horror, Peter began to whip
Helen's ass unmercifully with the crop!!! It was clear he had never
used one and was hurting her TERRIBLY!! with lash after lash. Finally
his daughter grabbed his arm and said something, and he stopped. He
held the crop high in a victory gesture and there was APPLAUSE!
Tiffany lowered Helene's skirt but the ordeal was far from over. Peter
now positioned the prisoner to bow in homage to her step-daughter and
again Helene faced the floor. Tiffany took her step- mother's scarved
face in her two hands and kissed her hard through the cloth then
pushed her backward. Helene nearly stumbled on her fetters. Tiffany
reached into the basket and withdrew the "#2" badge. Helene's breasts
were covered by the prison frock so Tiffany merely clipped the number
to her dress. THEN! reaching into the basket, took TWO Forster's 
Classics in hand. She kicked her step-mother's leg as an order to
spread them. Helene tried. Tiffany again lifted Helen's face toward
her  And with out breaking eye contact, she
snapped a clothespin onto the pussy. Helene jumped as if she had been
shocked!! and loudly her leg-irons rang as she stamped her foot and
cried into her gag!! But Tiffany was not through. Taking nearly a
minute, she felt about under Helene's dress, knowing what she wanted
to find. Finally her searching finger met Helene's clitoris and the
hand holding the Forster's went to meet it. 

HELENE JUMPED STRAIGHT UP INTO THE AIR!!!!!!! She HOPPED!! Squirmed, 
fell back on her butt!! The room was full of her gagged screams. Her
eyes filled with terror, they raced between her husband and Tiffany's 
PLEADING for MERCY!!!  The couple smiled in satisfaction and Masters 
voice said "Take your seat Mrs. Blackwood  If you can 
sit!!!" Helene wanted to roll on the floor to kick or twist the awful
clamp LOOSE!!! but she slowly tried to walk, ankles hobbled in lead, 
knees apart, to her seat.  "Next, Mrs. Margaret
Lindsey will entertain us "

THE PARTY CONTINUES IN CHAPTER XI ---




A VACATION FOR JESSICA.....Chapter XI.........The Party Continues.
=====================================================

But for Robert Masters and his small staff, no-one in the ballroom had

ever been present at such a scene and the reactions of each person to 
the events were probably different. In real terms, if they indeed
wanted a reality check, this was the situation. Many of the guests had
travelled hundreds of miles to a "Private Prison"  Previously, each had gone to great effort and 
substantial expense, in secrecy, to commit an unsuspecting woman who 
loved and depended upon them to this place. For no reasonable crime,
the woman was sentenced to an indeterminate period of torture,
humiliation, constant bondage, cruel gags and more. One felt the
spirit of the group as "This is not REALLY real!" "They are not hurt
THAT much"  "Look how many are here from fine families
I'm not so cruel" As for the dejected group of women seated in
costume and tight restraints, gagged beyond all reasons of silence,
they stared from their metal chairs into the darkened areas where
their families sat. They knew THESE were the people who had condemned
them to this cruel comedy of sadism merely as a way to "get rid of
them" in order to pursue new interests. Who would have believed this
could happen in the United States Who, two weeks ago could have
imagined a private prison swallowing up and losing it's inmates.

"Mrs. Margarette Lindsey" Masters' voice was stern as he issued the 
second call to the tall woman in white. Margarette rose from her seat 
quickly and at once nearly doubled over off balance, she desparately 
tried to tap the sides of her shoes on the floor to dislodge the razor
sharp stones puncturing her feet. " I'm told by the staff that
in someway Mrs. Lindsey picked up some stones in her shoes crossing
the parking lot from the dormitory poor baby " Let's GO! Mrs.
Lindsey. As she tried to stand erect and walk, Margarette Lindsey was 
 the first to turn in place and stand facing Dr. Masters. An expectant
hush blanketed the room as she faced the Director, tears poured from
her eyes in silence. Then as though she could take no more she issued
a guttoral SQUAWK! A heart-wrenching
"uuuugghhAAAGGGGaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAUUUUUGGGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!! screamed 
directly at Masters, who's jaw in fact dropped open at this disrespect
"AAGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAA AAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"
Margarette pitched forward and reeling wildly as if trying NOT to
touch her feet to the ground she BOLTED! for the Great Door. Nora and
Jim seized her at the same time and as her animal-like wails filled
the room Masters voice rose above them "Take her to the Dung! er, ah
Take her to "PR-2" please!. I'll be along to see she's taken care
of..." Rubber legged defeated, the terrified woman was quickly dragged
out of the room. There were expressions of confusion even sympathy
among'st the guests as they tried to rationalize what they had seen
and heard through the din of talk the word "dungeon " was repeated
from all corners. Then slowly from first a rear table then others
slowly joining in, APPLAUSE began to build and several other tables
joined in the clapping. "Excuse the interruption my friends. Mrs.
Lindsey will be allowed a period of re-orientation. She'll be just
fine. 

"Mrs. Mary Ellen Hartley to your table" From the corner of her eye, 
Jessica saw a petite brunette wearing a costume identical to her's but
in blue. Her bondage was the same and a large blue kerchief fastened
the wadded kerchief of her "cocktail gag" deep in her throat. Jessica 
noticed there were no tears in this woman's eyes and she watched as
she moved away from her fellow prisoners...her snow white bare ass 
contrasting with the dark ruffle of her cut-out dress. Jessica's brain
was still resounding with the pitiful screams of Margarette Lindsey.
She wondered how bad life here could get for the new woman how bad for
herself

  and 
perhaps one more if you're up to it) >

After about an hour, it seemed the "reunions" were completed without 
incident except that near the end of the group Jessica saw a woman 
dressed in scarlet and bound exactly as herself being led toward Dr. 
Masters' platform by a man, apparantly her husband and an older woman.

Her kerchief had been pulled back and she was ungagged, head bowed.
The older woman held the soggy gag wad in her hand. As they reached
him, Masters leaned in close for the quick discussion then beckoned to
Cindy who scurried to his side. At a whispered command, Cindy faced
the prisoner and lifted her face in her hands. She snatched the white
rag from the old woman, wadded it and packed it deeply back into the 
captives mouth. Then unknotting the kerchief, replaced it over her
head and drawing the ends tightly between her teeth pulled HARD! on
the ends as the prisoner's eyes flew open and she began to gag! Cindy
tied the ends behind her neck completing the "cocktail gag" and with a
look of disdain, dragged the choking, near strangling woman through
the Great Door...as her family followed.

Masters tapped on a glass to gather the attention of the guests, many
of whom had returned to the bar for another round. Gradually they
returned to their seats and the Director spoke. "Communications is the
backbone of any operation of this kind. We must be able to summon a
prisoner, staff member or trustee at any time. At M.I.T. we use a
unique form of paging device for the purpose." As Masters continued
his talk, the guests and prisoners watched as quickly Jim, Cindy, who
had returned and Nora moved about the room each carrying a cardboard
box full of small ivory colored plastic boxes. About six inches square
and two inches deep each box had a golf ball sized button in the
middle and a small antenna at the rear. The staff stuck them to walls
by their suction cups. Mounted them on all the end tables. One on the
Great Door, the mantle and Nora with a second box handed them out to
the guests as well. Finally forty eight "remotes" had been planted
about the ballroom. "During their waking and working hours, each
prisoner is made to accept one of the devices alternately in her
rectum or vagina. We switch to avoid "toxic shock" problems of course"
Masters held up on of the dreaded cigar shaped "pagers" with it's foot
long antenna wire. "It works like this, each of our prisoners and
trustee's is assigned a two digit code from 01-99. From several points
here we can "beep" a signal to that pager. When the recipient's pager
begins to vibrate strongly within her she has three minutes to hurry
to her "home base" and her remote unit. She taps the button anyway
possible and the vibrator shuts off" Masters demonstrated by holding
up a remote and pressing the button by hand, then by pressing it to
his forehead and elbow indicating how a bound person could "push" the
button.

"NOW! should she somehow NOT deactivate her pager within the exact
three minute period there is a consequence  a rather
painful one I'm afraid. After three minutes, a heavy duty spark coil
in the metal pager administers a 150 volt, low amp SHOCK!! for ONE
MINUTE!!" Masters let the point sink in. "I have not experienced the
effects myself but I am told, and my observations have persuaded me
that there is not ANY LEVEL OF PAIN! more severe than an INTERNAL!
electrical shock. Ladies! I want those of you who have experienced the
shock personally to stand up...." There was hesitancy then one, and
another, three, four women stood in their bondage, and Cindy walked to
the group and stood also. "Perhaps you'd like to demonstrate for our
guests...." Like a whip had cracked, the women turned to him instantly
with looks of fear and terror in their wide eyes. " Well
we'll see ladies, we'll see how your luck runs " Masters
held up a small black box also with an antenna and a telephone like
touch pad. "This is a paging unit, with it I can summon any of the
ladies as you will see " The prisoners looked about each other
and were clearly nervous. "We play a little game here each month. I
tap in a code, I have no idea who's as the pagers are mixed up for
each party. When the prisoners pager begins to vibrate, all she has to
do is try each of the remotes until she finds the single one that
turns off her pager  IN A MINUTE AND A HALF!! No need for
three minutes in this little room " The women were visibly
frightened now and squirmed and small mewlings could be heard through
their gags. Majors waved the unit over his head. "Shall we try it
????" A loud round of applause greeted the idea and Masters made an
exagerated display of punching in the code.

"MMMMMMmmmmffffgfg!!!" A woman directly behind Jessica screamed into
her gag as her vibrator sprang to life. She wore one on the "party
dresses" in white with breast and ass cut-outs like Jessica's and
white "cocktail gag" arrangements. When she stood and tried to get
past the others seated in her row, Jessica could see her skirt had
been zipped down to it's full length and she was hobbled to about 12"
step! As precious seconds ticked by she managed to stumble out of the
group of chairs to the dance floor. Jessica saw too that she wore her
#09 name tag clothespinned to her right nipple. Jessica, her own tit
STILL on fire felt for her companion. Above the white gag her eyes
showed fatigue and fear as she scurried to the first remote she saw on
the wall. With her arms laced behind her and to her torso the prisoner
beat her head against the button - NOTHING - she scampered as best she
could to another remote on a table and the one at the door. Terrified
at the passing time she tried to make her way to the guest area, in
her rush she tripped and fell forward. The crowd was excited and
chanting and clapping as she tried desparately to roll onto her knees
to somehow get up! She tried everything, she buried her face in the
carpet and rolled her ass in the air to get her knees under her and
barely managed to work her hobbled feet under her and she STOOD! She
was moaning frantically "mmmMMMFFFFGGGGG EEEEEEEEEEPPHHH!!!!!!" as she
baby-stepped toward the first table and smashed her head down on the
button.......then stood still!!!! THE VIBRATING HAD STOPPED!! 

Again the room filled with applause for the prisoner who had finally
had a stroke of luck doubtless the first since arriving at M.I.T. She
made her way back to her seat mutely sobbing pitiously in relief. Then
Jessica made a mistake! She turned her head far to the left, over her 
shoulder to see the woman and as she did her scarf "harness" pressed 
tight against the slippery wadding and drove it into her throat 
momentarily. That was all it took. Jessica lurched forward and
wretched into the cloth, her body heaved again and AGAIN! she tried to
sit still to take slow deep breaths but she heaved AGAIN!! She fought
frantically with her tongue to move the slippery plug forward and
after another gut-wrenching spasm as mucuous blew out of her nose, she
gained control for the moment at least. She sat still and tried to
breathe slowly. Nora appeared beside her and held a tissue for her to
blow her nose  For a moment the black woman cradled Jessica's head against
her breast and patted her hair. In the midst of that kindness, Jessica
realized the totality of all the women's bondage no matter WHAT had
happened, how severe the gagging, the choking! Removing the gag was
NEVER considered by the staff of M.I.T. Jessica would reflect on this
event many times and shudder at the thought of what could happen and
her total helplessness. Now she sat red-eyed, tearing, her breast
afire where the Forsters' clip bit harder and harder into her nipple.
Tied up! gagged! helpless! hopeless! she stared at Michael and his
"whore"! They had watched her strangle and done NOTHING! THEY had put
her here!  Jessica closed her
eyes and tried not to cry again. Her misery was interrupted by a
commotion in the back row. "MMMMMFFFFGGGRRRRGG!!" a 
gagged shriek and the clatter of a chair falling over as a frantic
woman tried to exit the group. Her nametag proclaimed her to be.

                   ****************************************
                   *   DARLENE FISHER - "HOG"             *
                   *                                      * 
                   *     "Too fat to be loved"            *
                   ****************************************

She was chubby, fat actually and had been squeezed into another of the
"cocktail dresses" this one in green and at least two sizes too small.
Her large breasts not only protruded through the cutouts, the small 
openings had reduced circulation and the poor woman's tits were
swollen and turning a purplish red. Her bare ass was pure pink and
spread the cutout skirt profanely. She was trussed up exactly like
Jessica. Arms folded behind her uselessly and four tight rows of white
rope above and below her breasts. The ropes disappeared into the ample
flesh of her arms. A bit of white cloth protruded from her mouth below
the knot of the cocktail gag. The green scarf so tightly pulled
between her teeth also nearly buried itself in her "bunny cheeks".
They could not zip her hobble skirt so her ankles were bound to a 12"
step with the same white clothesline. "MMMMMMfffggGGGGGG!!" The woman
continued her muted screams as she ran first to the Great Door, the
nearest remote, hit it with her head and paused she scampered as fast
as she could to a unit on an end table, bowed and pressed the button -
NOTHING! Now she was in panic! She straightened bolt upright and her
face flew in all directions as she tried to figure a course   She wriggled like jello as she tried
to hobble to the guests first table she bowed and hit the big button
and.. nothing. "NNNNNNOOOOOFFFF!" "THIRTY SECONDS!!!" Masters voice
resounded through the room.  She hurried to another table and repeated
her bow to the button, and still the pager vibrated in her rectum! Her
eyes dashed from place to place looking for remotes, but yet she knew
it was too late and unexplainably she fell hard onto her knees facing
the table of those who had put her here. Suddenly the vibrations
stopped!! she knelt upright looking around, puzzled. Not suspecting
for a moment that a cruel hoax was about to be played out. Nora was at
her side and lifted her by an arm. Masters spoke loudly. "Nora, would
you bring Mrs. Fisher to the dance floor please!" The helplessly
trussed woman stumbled along beside her to a spot under bright
floodlights and stood wobbling unaccustomed to the 4" heels. "E/P 
please, Nora!" Gesturing as if she had "almost forgotton", Nora pulled
the folded green towel from her pocket and approaching Darlene Fisher,
pressed the cloth to her mouth then drew the ends back and knotted the
additional gag TIGHT!! Darlene's eyes were full of fear and questions.
"Time is passing friends and we've much to enjoy tonight. So I thought
I would short-cut things a bit by permitting Mrs. Fisher here to 
demonstrate the "ANTI ESCAPE" feature of her pager  Darlene's 
eyes bugged out of her head and she shook from head to toe as she 
realized what Masters was saying. "I've reset the timer, for those who
might like to join the count-down, Here we go! Twenty nine, twenty 
eight, twenty seven" The count proceeded by seconds. The voices of the
group were as one."Three, two, one..ZERO!!!!!!!! Exactly then Mrs. 
Fisher's body stiffened and straightened to her full height nearly 
leaving the floor  Her frightful screams 
were barely audible through the added towel. It was HORRIBLE to watch 
the woman try to JUMP!!! Twisting! as if to shake the plug out. She
fell  forward hard on her chest and face! and rolled over, she
FLOPPED!!! and BUCKED!!!! like a huge helpless fish.
 Her eyes had rolled back in her head
and through her continuous scream she pounded her ankles on the
floor...breaking off BOTH of her high heels. She bent her body
backwards convulsively kicking her own butt now with her heels,
suddenly she stretched straight out on her back, arms crushed beneath
her wait and into all the cloth at her mouth, Darlene WAILED!!! the
longest, most pitiful cry imaginable. Even Masters seemed concerned at
how much pain she was actually in and at one point almost reached for
the "Off" button. But then it was over. 

The shocking charge stopped and Mrs. Fisher lay on her back panting
and sobbing uncontrollably after a few moments she rolled over onto
her chest, her tits crushed on the hard dance floor, her cloth wrapped
head against the wood also. Without comment, Jim and Nora hoisted her
to her feet and dragged her, not out of the room to rest but back to
her metal seat. Nora handed Jim a long hank of rope and he used it to
secure Darlene Fisher's torso to the chair, the knots tight, he left
her side. Darlene was now mute and stared glassy eyed, straight ahead.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, the bar is open for your refreshment. We'll
take a fifteen minute break!" 

Masters immediately left the room.




A VACATION FOR JESSICA...Chapter 12...Beverly Pays for Play !
=====================================================

The phone had rung incessantly until a finger slid the ringer switch
to off. Beverly's ex-husband John was on another tear of some sort.
But Beverly didn't care, couldn't care right now she was quite
occupied. A man and a woman stood over her in her kitchen. They were
uniformed in dark pants, wide belt and tailor-fit white shirts with
name tags "MASTERS INSTITUTE FOR TRAINING" "TONI" the man was "JIM".
And now Beverly sat lashed to a straight wooden chair. The two had
been rough! her ankles were crossed and bound together, then pulled
sharply back and fastened to the back rung of the chair off the floor.
Her arms were pulled behind her back and her wrists were too tightly
roped together. Longer ropes bound her torso to the chair. There was
no hope of moving and Beverly's hands were cruelly crushed against the
wooden chair back. The woman had emptied the kitchen towel drawer and
sorted through Beverly's linens. Finding a small tablecloth, she
folded it into a triangle and tied it on Beverly's head like a
babushka then knotted it loosely under her chin. One of her own used
white dish towels was snatched off the towel rack and they blindfolded
her so tightly her ears were crushed. But all that hardly mattered now
as she felt the pair doing something near her head. Barely a word had
been spoken since they arrived at her door save for Toni's snarling at
Jim. "Christ, this is ridiculous! 

When they find out you left the duffle bag we're both going to wind up
in a "P.R."!  As they entered, the woman had handed Beverly a clip
board and pen. Beverly quickly scanned the form and as she penned the
last stroke the board was snatched from her, the man grabbed her
shoulders from behind and she flopped into the chair. The pair worked
like a surgical team not missing a beat as they bound her to it. But
Beverly was frightened because these two were clearly not the
"Efficient, cordial yet firm" attendants the M.I.T. brochure had
promised. Her thoughts were interrupted by a cloth pressed against her
lips and the man's voice "Open up, Bev!" Instinctively she locked her
jaw shut her lips in a thin line, a mistake as she would learn. "Oh
Fuck this!! gimme the spreader Toni"! Toni balked "Jim, don't use that
rag yuck! it's her dish rag! here's two more, at least they're clean!"
Jim stuck out his hand "Gimme ONE! this one's FINE ! now
give me the damned Spreader!" Toni reached into a case on her belt and
handed him a shiny appliance like a pliers with black rubber tips. Jim
considered crushing one of Bev's nipples in his fingers but she was
wearing a bra. There was another way. Catching her by surprise. In one
fierce motion Jim plunged his hand into Bev's hair and violently
pulled back! Beverly's mouth fell open for a second long enough for
Jim to insert the jaw spreader and squeeze!! "AAAAAGGGHH! NOOOO
EEEEEEZE!!!" Beverly saw stars as her jaw was ratcheted open beyond
it's capacity and LOCKED!! Her head rolled wildly from side to side
helplessly till a pair of hands seized it from behind and held it
rigid. "HeeHee.." Toni giggled, "You ordered a gag Bev 
changed your mind ?" "AAggHHEEEEE!!" Then came the worst feeling
Beverly could imagine. Slowly, deliberately, Jim began to push a damp
cloth into her gaping mouth  The cloth continued to enter and Jim's practiced 
fingers pressed and pushed it far back in her mouth and against her 
throat. 

Beverly's mind was racing with thoughts of escape, of changing her
mind, but how could she tell them! Jim's hand was on her face and his
thumb held the packing immobile then she felt ANOTHER cloth being
pushed in against the first wad. Jim packed it deep and even stuffing
it into her cheeks. "Toni!...What are we going to do ? Can you make an
RKG out of one of her towels??" Toni, standing at the counter, her
back to him answered quickly. "I'm already trying to it's going to be
big! the towel's too thick!" "That's alright! I got her mouth open as
wide as the Lincoln Tunnel " Toni approached and Jim stepped
back. Stretched tight between her hands she held a rolled dish towel
with a huge knot tied at it's center.  Toni
thought as she looked at the captive  With the blindfold obscuring her face, Beverly was all
mouth and that filled with dank stained kitchen cloths. The gruesome
Spreader protruded from the side of her face. Toni forced the huge
knot into Beverly's mouth between her teeth pressing against the
wadding as hard as she could then she passed the ends to the back and
tied them off so tightly the corners of Beverly's mouth were drawn
back painfully. "oooooOOOaaafffff" Beverly moaned again apparently at
this new intrusion and pain. Jim handed Toni another towel he had
folded to a 4" band and she tied it over the woman's bound mouth. It
matched her blindfold. "Let's get going Jim" Toni knelt to untie the
captive's feet. Suddenly Beverly began to strain and buck! She used
ALL her strength to pitch the chair forward. In panic she gargled into
the gag pathetically! She rolled her head wildly! "Hey Jim! I think
Sweetie here wants to change her mind !" Beverly heard the
comment and at once began to NOD her head up and down !! Slowly like a
horse! So there could be no mistaking her meaning. "Ha! she DOES want
out!" Toni took Beverly's head in her hands and spoke softly into her
ear through all the kitchen cloths wrapping it. 

"Bev, listen to me. What you want now doesn't matter a bit. We've been
sent to bring you to the Institute and that's where your going, and
from what I've heard SURPRISE!!! That's where you're staying!!"  "You know Jim, I can't believe how they answer Masters' ad
like this. What do they think they're asking for ??" Beverly's
strength was nearly super-human! Again she bucked and rocked and
strained violently at her bonds. Jim headed for the door. "Fuck this!
I'm not going to wrestle with her. I'm getting the board!" and he left
the house. "I'll just tell you this once more Beverly darling, You ARE
coming with us and if you resist any further you WILL pay for it at
the prison!"  

There was a clatter and banging as Jim tripped over the long stretcher
like board. It was at least 6 1/2 feet long, of vinyl upholstered 
hardwood and looked like a stretcher. A maze of wide and thin straps 
dangled form seemingly dozens of places. The were handholds all along 
the edges. Meanwhile Toni began to wrap rope above and below Beverly's
knees, drawing them snug. "Let her feet go and I'll get her knees. Get
some rope on those feet before you start singing soprano! The pair 
managed to free Bev of her bonds but forced her into new ones without
a lapse. They were not happy and showed it by slamming her onto the
body board on her back. Her hands were being crushed under her
substantial weight. Toni pounced on the straps with relish! A 3" wide
strap passed over Beverly's Throat! to meet it's buckle and she pulled
it too tight!! Beverly couldn't conceive of what was really
happening. She
felt hands all over her body and as they moved, where they had been, a
strap held her fast to the board. Ankles! knees, thighs, waist  Her upper arms were forced to the board  and strapped down tight. A wide leather
strap was passed across her forehead, threaded through two slots and
tightened cruelly! Her chest heaved in her panic and a long strap
across her breasts was tightened further. "Take shallow slow breaths
bitch!" Toni was getting "Hot" with the excitement. She glanced at
Beverly's feet and grinned to herself. She removed the prisoner's
flats and re-bound Beverly's ankles together, side by side and
cinched. THEN Toni fed a 6" wide strap through two roller lined slots
directly beneath the woman's feet.  And she passed the
wide band across Beverly's insteps and fed them through the slots over
the rollers. A small crank was attached and Toni began to draw the
captive's feet downward! "mmmMMmmmMFFFFFF!!!" The first sounds from
Beverly came again as her feet were wrenched downward into a ballet
point!! Toni kept slowly cranking, she wasn't sure why but she wanted
to hurt this woman and THIS WOULD HURT LIKE HELL!! She had bent down
the feet nearly parallel to the board she looked at the heels crushing
onto the hardwood remembering when she had been abducted to M.I.T. and
the same thing done to her she had never before or since felt such
pain and cramping! 

"eeeEEEEEEEFFFFEEE!!!!!!"

Beverly was in agony she knew and with a smirk, she reached again for 
the crank she wanted to make Beverly scream just ONCE more! Beverly 
accommodated with a long heart wrenching gagged moan her mind was in 
total disbelief and denial of where she was. She felt herself being 
picked up and carried, she had NEVER felt such pain in her legs Her 
mouth! she was going to vomit she KNEW it!! Beverly was a heavy young 
woman over 200 pounds and they had trouble jockeying her into the
black M.I.T. van. Finally she felt a bounce and a jolt and the sound
of latches fastening and snapping. All of her body was screaming in
pain. Her hands were Torture!! Her FEET! even WORSE!! Again Toni spoke
mockingly to her "Don't go anywhere dear. Your going for a little
ride, well not so little. More like three hours  Hope you're
comfy. If you need anything just call! " Toni climbed
into the front seat as the van moved away from Beverly's home and set
it's course for Hobble, Iowa

At the monthly "display of inmates" for that's all you could really
call the Institutes cocktail party the guests milled about during a
break. The bar did a brisk business but there was something of a pall
over the crowd and hushed voices spoke of the event they had just
witnessed. Others though, with the help of a drink perhaps had become
more aggressive and curious. These, for the most part were people who
had at least an affinity for women in bondage. And here were women in
bondage. Thirteen of them seated solemnly on their folding chairs. On
display, for all to see and now to "feel". A couple of the bolder men
had approached the prisoners with a scholarly attitude and began to
test the tightness of ropes. One took Jessica's head in his two hands
and was clearly aroused. Jessica looked the ultimate prisoner. Forced
to look into the man's eyes, Jessica's eyebrows raised and quivered
alluringly, the pain in her eyes was unmistakable. To the man fondling
her she was the most sexually exciting being he had ever seen alive or
in print. To him, everything about her cried out "I'm helpless. I'm
broken - I'm your prisoner! She was enveloped in scarlet! Red scarves
wrapping her hairless head. The red scarf pulled so cruelly between
her teeth drew back the corners of her mouth so that no matter how she
felt, to this man's intoxicated mind, Jessica was "smiling" at him.
Emboldened by passion and drink, the guest caressed Jessica's naked
breasts then bounced them as if weighing melons and that brought a
"EEEIIIIiiIII!!!!" from deep in Jessica's throat as the Forsters clips
bounced merrily and bit deeper into her nipples. Embarrassed at his
own carelessness and as heads turned toward the gagged shriek, the
fool again flicked and hit the clips as if he had mean't to do it the
first time and the room was rewarded with another pitiful moan from
poor Jessica.

Suddenly Jessica began to lean forward and gulping sounds came from
her gullet, she took deep breaths she held as still as she could she 
wretched three, four times then took a long breath. She had overcome
the gag-reflex. The obnoxious man took Jessica in his arms and kissed
her hard through the gag, he sucked and nibbled at her lips as she
stared wild-eyed at him completely unable to defend herself and his
body twisted the hideous Forsters on her tortured nipples. Other of
the male guests and one very tall woman had now maneuvered their way
into the prisoners and began to take full liberties with the bound
women. Jessica's antagonist now left her and walked unsteadily to Dr.
Masters. Masters leaned forward his ear and the conversation seemed to
become involved. Heads turned toward Jessica, nodded shook negatively.
Masters cleared a space on the rostrum as the guest produced a pen and
a booklet and began to write. After a moment as Masters held up and
read a small paper, the two men shook hands and Masters pocketed a
CHECK! The man, now grinning foolishly and obviously nervous headed
back to Jessica. He said nothing. He grabbed her by an arm and pulled
her stumbling out of the row of chairs then he propelled her ahead of
him toward the Great Door and out of the room. 

The scene was not lost on anyone and immediately a transformation took
place among some other men. They began studying the prisoners in 
earnest. They approached and fondled the helpless bodies and
emboldened by their gagged silence made lewd comments and cracks to
there prey. Another lady who instantly began to shake her head NO NO
NO!! was led out of the pack and taken along to the negotiation with
Masters a few  words, cash pocketed this time and the couple left the
room this time with Masters gesturing directions to who knew where. A
third woman was dragged away tripping on her hobbles and then the
unimaginable happened. Bart! the staff supervisor who had lurked
around the edges of the room approached Masters. There was heated
though whispered conversation between them, hand gestures. Masters was
not pleased, yet finally he shuffled through some papers before him
and handed one to Bart who signed it!  The prisoners alert enough to
know what was going down were terrified. Of all that could befall
them, being taken by Bart was UNTHINKABLE!! One knew their hearts were
pounding in fear as he approached. Then the strangest sound of the
evening as several gagged women GASPED! at what they saw. Bart firmly
grasped the arm of a woman in red. At first she did not react then her
head turned toward him and vacant eyes met his. Totally unresisting,
slowly Darlene Fisher rose and stood trying to balance on her broken
high heels. Bart tugged on her arm.

                            END OF CHAPTER 12 --- 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MasterKen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





