BDSM Library - Few Good Advices For Life




Few Good Advices For Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Want some advice for life? See what he can gave you while his mistress taught him a lesson.
Hi, all.

Here is my newest story "Few good advices for life". Is originally written in
Czech language and translated to English with help of Tomas Kudrna. English is
not my primary language, so your comments to style and story would be
appreciated.

When I first published this story in Czech, I was asked many times if it's R/L
experience. All my stories are containing real people, acting the ways I think
they would do in real life. But the stories are completely fictional.

-- Michal 'Altair' Valasek

-----




FEW GOOD ADVICES FOR LIFE

Copyright:   (c) 2001 by Michal Altair Valasek

Translation: Michal Altair Valasek

             With help of Tomas Kudrna, http://www.volweb.cz/tkudrna/

E-mail:      altair@altair2000.net

Web site:    http://home.altair2000.net

Redistribution is permitted, if is done on non-commercial basis and this header
is preserved. Comments would be appreciated.

-----

Do you want a good advice for life? Don't buy cellular phone with vibra-ringing.
If you already have such phone, turn the vibrations off. And if you haven't,
then never place the phone onto your bedside table. And if you do such a stupid
thing, do not be surprised when it falls onto your head.

It is definitely not a good start of day to be waken up by a mobile phone
falling onto your head. With sleep still in the corners of my eyes, I am pushing
the area of the phone where I vaguely guess the Accept call button. I succeed,
but I have no time to even growl some nice greeting. "At last! This is the third
time, Mr. Do-Nothing!" My Beloved girlfriend. And according to her tone I think
also my Mistress de-jour. "Right now - stand up and hurry to the office. Your
dress is prepared on your chair. You have exactly thirty minutes to obey." I
have not managed to say a single world and she slammed the phone. Okay, good, I
know, the cellular phone can't be slapped. But, well, let me have my fantasy, I
think she pushed the red button very hard, at least.

Only a short glimpse to the clock. Fuzzy green spot. Okay, let's find the
glasses and try again: 11:30. Okay, I know I love to slumber away, but must it
cause such a problem? I am crawling out of the warm bed to discover what
clothing I should wear today.

Look at the clothing lined up at the chair takes me back to childhood: the last
time I had clothing prepared was in the elementary school. Today it's at least a
good way to strip me out from comfortable but pretty dirty jeans to their fresh
edition. Black t-shirt with V-shaped neckline: what else - it's based on her
taste.

In the bottom layer there is simple leather collar. I got the collar only a few
days ago, I am still only a beginner in the submissive position. But it is be
the first time I will wear it publicly. Today it's no problem for me. Cold
November weather is a good excuse for warm sweater with a wide choker anyway.

Half hour to get to the office is just what I normally need. Or little less than
needed, I have half of Prague to cross. I even buy the subway ticket, because
chinwags with ticket inspectors are major fun for me, but time consuming.

I missed the elevator. A Murphy's law runs through my head. Good beginning, bad
ending. Bad beginning, even worse ending. I finally reached the office. Only ten
minutes late. Which concludes the welcome speech to the theme "you're not
obedient even in the simplest things". Today I probably won't say a single word.

I am removing the warm sweater. My  Mistress grips my collar and kisses my lips.
Hands are stroking my hips and then patting my bottom under my jeans. An
unpleased growl, strong grip and tug to my boxers. Has something gone wrong?

"You are really misbehaving! You can't obey even the simplest thing I instructed
you! What have I told you to wear?"

Do you want a good advice for life? When you're ordered to do something, think
beforehand. The boxer shorts weren't on the chair. I slept in them.

"Strip! Naked! And don't mess with me!"

I dislike being naked. I am feeling uncomfortable and humiliated (she certainly
is different; she likes being stark naked). But it also arouses me when I have
to strip under her sharp look. Soon the collar is the only thing I wear. Some
inner voice tells me that would not be a good idea to take it off.

I hate it when she is looking at me like she wants to buy me. She only had to
check my legs and teeth to make the feeling perfectly real.

Through some strange ways of fate, the nastiest of our riding whips (blue,
laminated, thin, stingy) is now in our office. And right now in the hand of the
girl who is looking me like the python looks at the bunny.

"So, you were ten minutes late - twenty lashes to teach you to be punctual. You
have not followed my order - twenty five strokes to teach you obedience. Rounded
up to exactly fifty. What do you think?"

The declamatory questions are not to be answered. Speech is silver, silence
gold, as the old Czech proverb says.

"I have asked you something?!?"

Do you want a good advice for life? Do not take the proverbs literally,
especially if they're talking about precious metals.

"Yes, Mistress, I agree."

"I really appreciate it. Stand here, claps your hands behind your head!"

I am facing the wall, hands clasped behind my head. Long silence. I bet she
again looks at me that way, looking at me helplessly standing here, servant to
her will and submissively waiting for her to mark my butt with red stripes.

Swish! I jerk, but it's useless. She only stroke the air behind my back. I hate
these psychological games! Or, at least my brain hates them, my dick is raging
hard, probably my body parts are not in sync regarding this question.

Swish! This is definitely not trough the air; the tickling sensation of the whip
tip on my back. And the next stroke. Every stroke lands precisely, every single
one counts.  That fifteen strokes take at least fifteen minutes. Sometimes a
swish through the air, sometimes light tapping on my shoulders. She surely
enjoys my jerks.

"Good! Almost one third is done."

Do you want a good advice for life? Try to find yourself such a good girlfriend
as I have found myself. Someone who will help and support you and not wisecrack
on occasions. Grr...

"Now stand there, bend over and lean against the wall."

Bent over and leaning on the wall I am happy she chose the solid brick wall. If
she had chosen the plasterboard wall, I would probably rip through it.

Another fifteen strokes (and probably another fifteen strips on my ass). This
time no ceremony as before, the impacts come each ten seconds. Are we rushing
somewhere? But in this phase I can't stay silent and I do produce few whines.

"Now, the last twenty. Stand on all fours, with your rump up!"

I am poking my rear in the desired way and my Mistress with horse whip is
standing over me, squeezing my hips with her legs. This time no whines. Of
course it hurts, but the entire action takes about ten seconds. The pain comes
afterwards. New strips are crossing the former ones. My Mistress seems to like
the square pattern.

"Kneel! Stretch arms forward!"

Kneeling naked, freshly whipped, horny as hell and with riding crop on my
fingers. I don't know how long, but it's not too comfortable. My Mistress is
working on her computer and gives me only few glimpses.

At the best moment, someone knocks at the door. The originator of my suffering
hisses "Don't even try to move" and opens the door with poker face. I am hidden
behind the door and if the person who knocked would not enter, everything would
be fine. Just to be sure, I am trying to be as transparent as I can.

"I have some parcel for you. Please, sign here. Thank you."

The door closes and I watch a package with the red DHL logo dropped on the
floor.

"Good boy," a light patting. But no order to stand up. I begin to worry that I
will drop the riding crop. I don't want another whipping today!

"Stand up!" The long-awaited command is here - in time - along with not so
welcome slap on my naked ass.

"If I order you to do something in the future, you will obey promptly and
precisely. You may dress up now. Leave the collar as it is, but you won't need
this today." My boxer shorts are disappearing in the trash. A slap on my hard
dick. "This was a punishment, not a reward! Try to remain horny until the
evening, I am expecting a good performance tonight!"

I am slowly pulling the jeans over my naked whipped ass. My Mistress is again
sitting behind her computer. Now the right time has come to say my first words
today:

"I love you."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michal Altair Valasek


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





