BDSM Library - From Riches to Rape




From Riches to Rape
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Set in the near future in a world where slavery is the only punishment for crime. A wealthy young woman blackmailed by two former high school rivals battles to keep her boyfriend and her liberty.
Disclaimer.
The story that follows is a work of fiction and should only be read by people
who cant deal with the distinctive differences of fantasy and reality. If  the
laws of your state/country do not allow you to view stories of an adult nature
please move on to another site. This story is written with the intention that it
should be read only by consenting adults, if you have not reached the age of
consent please do not read any further.

( A work in progress, extra chapters to be written if there is sufficient
demand.)




From riches to rape


Prologue

In the opening decades of the twenty first century society begun to develop
along new and rigid lines. The problems of overcrowding in prisons gave way to
the reintroduction of slavery. For even the slightest crime there was just the
one punishment. Violent criminals too dangerous to coexist with law abiding
citizens were packed off to designated areas surrounded by high walls, and
patrolled by heavily armed guards with strict orders to shoot on sight, any
would be escapees. Life in the compounds was grim, the authorities allowed the
prisoners to run their own affairs and mob law ruled. They were forgotten
people. Gone were the liberal ideas of the past. The concept of correction and
reintegrating offenders back into the community had been abandoned social
workers had become almost obsolete. The only contact between the prisoners and
the authorities was the daily food run and even this was escorted by armoured
cars. 

Petty criminals were given the option of life within the compounds or a term of
slavery. Those that elected for slavery were fitted with pain collars to control
their actions and sent to work within their local communities. The prettier and
brighter slaves fared best, women kept in harems by the rich and famous, bright
men recruited by industry and given various fringe benefits. For the remainder
there was substance; three meals a day, a clothing allowance and long hours of
work. Such draconian measures had sent the crime figures plummeting.

Occasionally there were scandals, rich businessmen who were found to be escaped
slaves, corrupt officials who removed the collars of slaves, but in the main the
system worked well.




Chapter one

Amanda Hale was too beautiful and successful to be popular. Even as she strode
purposefully into the hotel lobby all eyes turned to stare at her. Having been
voted girl most likely to succeed during her final high school year, it was
immediately evident that she had surpassed the expectations of her peers. One
look at her shimmering, gold designer dress and the diamond studded necklace
adorning her throat was enough to convince her former classmates. By her side
her fianc� smiled adoringly at his intended bride. Theirs was a romantic story,
for they had dated in high school, survived the distractions and distance of
going to different colleges and become engaged soon after graduation.  Added to
Amanda's obvious wealth was her success in business. Despite her gentle manner
she had turned her fathers small real estate business into a thriving state wide
company whilst her fianc� ran an equally profitable leisure complex.

At a fraction under six feet tall Amanda was still a half head shorter than
Rupert and even a baggy sweater and a pair old ripped jeans could not have
hidden her beauty. A mane of golden locks bounced around her shoulders framing
her oval face and big blue eyes. Her skin was soft and flawless, her body
curvaceous, her legs long and graceful. She had it all and knew it. Her purpose
in attending the school reunion had not been to flout herself and her success
but renew old acquaintances, but from the corner of the room she was receiving
envious looks and dark comments.

"  Just who does she think she is, " muttered a tall dark haired woman. Becky
and Amanda had never gotten on. Try as she might the slim attractive brunette
had never succeeded in beating Amanda at anything. Becky had been so sure she
would be prom queen and had been crushed when Amanda's name had been read out,
further humiliation had followed when her rival had been voted queen of beauty
in the fourth of July parade, Becky having to take second place.

" You are not going to make a scene are you Becks. " asked her friend

" No of course not, but I would simply love to take that bitch down a peg or
two. " Becky confided to her confidant. Cindy and Becky had remained firm
friends since high school, though they had drifted apart recently they knew each
others darkest secrets, and had even had a brief lesbian relationship in
college.

" Now, now what's going on here. "

The two old friends turned to greet the newcomer helping themselves to the round
of drinks she had bought.

" We were just talking about miss goody two shoes prancing around over there
with your man on her arm. "

" For goodness sake Becky, put your claws away  Rupert hasn't been my man since
high school, I don't suppose he would even recognise me now. "

" You are the anchor woman for local TV news network, I bet he wanks himself
silly every time you are on television, besides I bet you still fancy him right.
"

Jane shrugged her shoulders and sipped on her glass of chilled white wine as if
dismissing the notion but the slight flush that rose to her face was answer
enough. She and Rupert had indeed dated in high school, and it was true that
Amanda had stolen him away from her, but it was along time ago and she had given
him little thought. Now looking at him again she felt a slight pang of jealousy.

" For two hundred bucks i`ll bump the bitch off and you can console dear Rupert
in his hour of grief.

" Conspiracy to murder, now that is a newsworthy item you can get you life in
one of the compounds or that,  " laughed Jane.

" It might be worth it, just to wipe the smile off Amanda's face. "

The three women laughed and chatted idly about their youth and downed their
drinks. They had been inseparable in high school and still felt at ease in each
others company. Even as she reminisced with her oldest friends, the germ of an
idea had sown itself in Becky's mind an idea that would bind the three women
together for the foreseeable future and lead to the downfall and total disgrace
of her high school rival.

Oblivious to the dark, sinister mutterings in the corner Amanda and Rupert
circulated, looking at baby pictures and swapping phone numbers and anecdotes
with old friends.

It was  almost a month before Becky managed to find a piece of bait for her
cunningly laid trap. A trap that Cindy, her four brothers and Jane were only too
keen to participate in. She had scanned Amanda's financial details, searched
through old copies of newspapers and even hired a private detective but to no
avail. She had been on the point of abandoning her scheme when Jane phoned with 
good news. Rupert`s ex girlfriend had been clearing out the basement of her
parents house and had come across an old photo album of their high school days,
and there was a picture of Rupert with a bag of dope in one hand and a joint in
the other. The picture had been taken during that last wild summer of the old
world. It had been a mad, troubled semester with dope, drink, parties and
vandalism. Though only youngsters they had known the reintroduction of slavery
would change the world forever and there had been one last summer of wildness
before the price of rebellion became too high.

It had taken only a quick, desperate phone call for Becky to arrange a meeting
with Amanda, cunningly timed so that Rupert was out of town.

The tall leggy blonde had been surprised to receive a call from her old rival
but the news that she had some information that could hurt her beloved Rupert
had sent Amanda scuttling across town.. She looked as composed as ever a she
climbed out  of her BMW convertible. Dressed in a smart business suit comprising
a body hugging jacket and three quater length skirt she entered the coffee shop
and found Becky waiting for her in a darkened corner.

" What is so important that you drag me over here, I had to reschedule two
appointments. "

Becky had not expected a warm reception but smiled anyway knowing that this time
she had the upper hand.


" I found this while I was clearing away some old junk, it looks like Rupert and
isn't that a bag of dope he's got in his hand. I mean it's only a silly old snap
shot, and we all did crazy things that summer. Still if the authorities got hold
of this it could get your Rupert into hot water, the laws these days are just so
strict. "

Amanda caught the supercilious look on her rival's face, but the arrival of a
waiter interrupted her reply. The two women ordered their coffees and as the
waiter walked away Amanda tried to grab the initiative.

" Look I don't know what games you are playing here Becky but I suggest you
think very carefully about what you are doing. Both Rupert and I have some very
powerful friends and you would be well advised not to cross me. "

" Still playing miss high and mighty are we, well this time it's me that's got
the upper hand so I suggest you change your attitude. "

" One photo of Rupert with a bag of dope, you drag me over here to show me that
. I think it's time I put a stop to your little game. "

" There is more, much more. "

Amanda stopped dialling caught off guard by Becky`s confident smile.

" You didn't honestly think I would drag you all the way over here for one
photo. "

" Let me see. "

" Oh I haven't got them here, "

" You're bluffing. "

" Oh Amanda I have never been more serious in my life. "

" This is blackmail " protested Amanda

For a moment Amanda hesitated, her instincts told herto turn Becky over to the
authorities, but she had no proof. Besides there was Rupert to consider, exactly
what had he done.

" Very well but you had better not be messing me about. What is it you want. "

" I will tell you later, " picking up the milk jug Becky smiled

" Cream, sugar. "

" I don't take sugar thank you " replied Amanda her voice frosty.

" On a diet, I know what you mean, just can't resist a cream cake me, but you
have to keep the pounds off somehow. Just try a couple of these they are so much
better than saccharine. " Before Amanda could object Becky had slipped the
tablets into her coffee.

" Just how much do you want for all this stuff, I`ll want the negatives as well.
" Amanda rummaged through her purse and retrieved her cheque book.

" Do you think I am stupid, there is no way I am taking a cheque. "

" Well I don't carry much cash around on me. "

" That's cool, drink up and we will go over to your house and arrange a few
details. "

Both women downed their coffee settled the bill and headed for the doorway.




Chapter two


Amanda awoke with a start her head splitting with pain, and crawled unwillingly
from the beneath the duvet. To her surprise she was naked and stood for a moment
juggling her mind into some sort of order. The last thing she remembered was
leaving the coffee shop with Becky. Suddenly frightened and confused Amanda
grabbed a robe and tiptoed slowly downstairs expecting to find the house
ransacked and her valuables missing, but everything was in order and there was
Becky sitting on the settee drinking coffee.
 
" Hello sleepy head, feeling better now. "

" I want you out of my house now. "

Becky`s answer was a sweet sickly smile that sent a shudder down Amanda `s spine
and

" Sure thing, I`ll pack my bags in a minute but perhaps you had better watch
some videos first.  That was quite some performance you gave last night. "
Triumphantly Becky reached for the remote control and turned on the video
recorder.

Almost immediately Amanda retched, the colour draining from her face as she was
confronted by the awful truth of what had happened to her. There she was lying
naked on her bed a man straddling her his erect member wedged in his mouth.
Another man was between her legs lapping the lips of her exposed sex.

" you bitch, you evil bitch. " Amanda started towards the video tears prickling
her eyes but had barely gone a few feet before Becky grabbed her by the hair and
threw her to the floor.

" You had better learn to the rules of our little game miss randy mandy or a
copy of this tape goes straight to Rupert, and your sister and another to your
parents. I have some still shots as well would you like to see them. "
Disdainfully she threw an envelope at her stunned victim, obscene photos
spilling out all over the floor.

Again Amanda retched her face palling as she was confronted with further
evidence of what had been done to her.

" Yes slut, they did actually fuck you, all four of them, want to see it in slow
motion. "

Amanda turned her head away from the obscene video tears trickling down her
face. She had been violated, horribly abused and her tormentor was loving it. "

" Why are you doing this to me. " She screamed fresh tears prickling her face.

" Because I love to see you squirm. "

" You are mad quite mad ."

" So the psychiatrists tell me. "

" I have had enough of this I am calling the police, you'll be lucky to escape
the compound for what you have done. "

To Amanda's surprise Becky made no attempt to stop her reaching the phone but
instead pulled another cassette from her handbag.

" You might want to watch this first though. "

For a moment Amanda froze, her heart thumping with fresh fear and an icy trickle
travelled up her spine as she caught sight of the triumph on her tormentors
face. Already Becky was striding over to the video and pressing home a fresh
cassette.

" You'll enjoy this one even more, randy mandy and the drug barons. No sex just
a nice fat pay off.

You remember Jane from school, the one you stole Rupert off. Well she works for
the local TV station doing exposes, and who do you think she caught on video. I
like the editing in this one really professional. "

Amanda watched a woman leaving a house and getting into a car. It was
unmistakably her house and her car, the woman was dressed in her clothes.

" A nice close up of your face there, fake as hell of course but nicely edited
in, you just cant tell the difference can you. "

The camera followed as the car drove off and proceeded downtown to a deserted
warehouse. There were more perfectly edited close ups of her face. Amanda
groaned as she continued watching the elaborately staged set up. Men taking bags
of white powder out of her car and seeming to taste them before putting bags of
money in the trunk. It looked like a videotape of a drug deal.

" The video isn't conclusive in itself, but you would be hard put to explain the
forensic evidence. "

" Wh.. what forensic evidence. " Amanda stammered out the words her face deathly
pale as she spoke. "

" The traces of cocaine in your car, the traces of cocaine at the warehouse not
to mention a few fibres of clothing that will match that dress I was wearing.
Then of course there is the skin samples, the discarded brush with your hair in
it. DNA sampling you just cant beat it. Of course you won't take the wrap alone
I am sure that pretty little sister of yours will keep you company in prison. "

" What had Cassie to do with this? "

" Just my insurance policy hon. There are a few traces of cocaine in her house,
cunningly hidden. She really shouldn't leave the key under the mat there are
people in the world who might take advantage of the fact. "

" Please for Gods sake Becky, leave Cassie out of this she is only seventeen. "

" Like I said she's just my insurance policy. "

" What is it you want, " There was no mistaking the look of abject misery on
Amanda's pale, tear stained face.

" We are going to play a game you and me. From now on you will obey my every
command, you will do everything I say when I say it. Refuse and i`ll make sure
that both you and your precious sister spend the rest of your days in slavery.
Is that clear? "

There was no mistaking the note of venom in Becky`s voice and Amanda dropped her
head, her heart pounding.

" What is you want from me. "

" you are going to be my slave. "

The words stunned Amanda into action and she rounded furiously on her tormentor.

" That is absurd, I will never agree to such a thing. "

" Oh I think you will, Do you honestly think you have a choice. One tape to
Rupert, one tape to the authorities and your entire life goes down the pan. I
just love these new laws don't you. guilty until proven innocent, and exactly
how are you going to prove your innocence "

Amanda gulped nervously.

" You can be my slave now or wait for the trial and then you can be someone
else's slave. I am sure someone with your looks would end up as a fuck toy for
some middle aged businessman. You and your dear sweet sister. You should get
about twenty years a piece I am sure Rupert would wait for you. "

Amanda sat silent and trembling, her life and dreams crushed by the barrage of
words.

" This slav....slavery, how long would it last. "

" Until your wedding day, "

Amanda groaned inwardly, her marriage was a year away. A year at the mercy of
this evil bitch. Already the hard lump of fear was in her throat. The tapes
looked so convincing and if there were indeed traces of hair, and clothing at
the scene of crime who would believe her.

" Well Amanda what is it to be, my slave for a year or someone else's for twenty
years. "

For a moment the terrified blonde sat stunned and bewildered, the stark reality
pressing ever more clearly on her terrified mind.

It took only a supercilious grin from Becky and the appearance of her mobile
phone for Amanda's will to collapse. She was trapped in a nightmare and had no
idea of how to escape.

" I will be your slave. " The words escaped her mouth as no more than a soft
whisper and sealed her fate.

" Now listen to me bitch, here are the rules. From now on you will call me
mistress when we are not in the office and you will do exactly as you are told
understand?
" yes "

" Yes mistress " thundered Becky her eyes set in a malevolent glare,

" yes mis... mistress ." Amanda stammered out the words her face flushing with
shame a she did so.

" Now go and shower and change I am sure that you will want to wash away the
evidence of what those nasty men did to you. "

In a flood of tears Amanda hurried up the stairs heading for the bathroom. With
her mind reeling she soaped her firm young body, but no amount of scrubbing
could wash away the memory of what had happened to her and she slumped on the
floor of the cubicle tears rolling down her face.

" Hurry bitch we have a lot to do today. "

Hurriedly Amanda towelled herself dry and after rummaging through her wardrobe
selected a  silk blouse and long pleated skirt and trooped nervously downstairs
to meet her tormentor

Becky just snorted contemptuously on seeing the crestfallen blonde.

" Time to go shopping, ill drive you look a bag of nerves. "

Reluctantly Amanda followed the brunette out of the house and slipped into the
passenger seat of her car.

" Where are you taking me? "

"  For failure to call me mistress, you will have to pay a penalty. Remove your
bra and panties  "

" Bu but someone might see me. "

" For every failure to do as I say  you will pay a penalty. This is no game
bitch I intend to show you who is in control here. "

With a great deal of fumbling Amanda managed to remove her bra without exposing
herself in public.

" good now your panties "

Red  faced in embarrassment the helpless blonde complied with her Becky's orders
and wordlessly discarded her underwear ino the back seat. Sitting nervously in
the passenger seat she tried to think of a way out of this terrible situation.
Her life seemed to be spiralling out of control. Somehow she had to talk to
Becky make her see sense. She had to have those videos no matter what it cost
her.

" Becky... I mean mistress I know we never really got  on in school and if I did
anything to hurt you I am really sorry.  Its just that  those tapes could really
destroy my life. It's almost a year until I get married and I love Rupert very
much ." Tears formed in the corner of Amanda's eyes a she spoke

" Could.... couldn't I just buy them back, I have money, this car,  credit
cards, just take what you want but please leave me alone. " She was crying
openly now, her whole body shaking in giant sobs.

" I don't remember giving you permission to speak. It would appear you do not
know who is in control here. Well you had better learn and learn quickly. What
you want doesn't mater It is what I want that counts. " There was no mistaking
the note of malice in Becky`s voice. " From now on you have nothing, understand
me nothing unless I let you have it. "

" Please Becky don't do this. "

" What was that you called me. " Becky rounded on Amanda furiously.  " I don't
think you understand the rules of our little game. One more slip up, one more
failure to obey and I will call the whole thing off. " For a moment she paused
wondering how had she could push her rival  " Undo the top two buttons of your
blouse and hitch that skirt up bitch.

Amanda could sense the crunch point had come, she had to act now, free herself
from the clutches of this evil woman or else capitulate completely. Every
instinct told her to fight back, to regain control of her life but her nerve
failed and with trembling fingers she fiddled with the buttons on her blouse.
then inched her skirt up to mid thigh.

" Higher. "

Suppressing a groan Amanda obeyed revealing more of her long silky thighs.
Conscious of the fact that she was wearing no knickers she crossed her legs
trying to maintain a modicum of decency.

" A garden centre and pet supply store just what I was looking for. "

Becky pulled into the store car park and reversed effortlessly into one of the
open spaces.

" Time to get a few things for my new pet.  Out the car and no trouble. "

Briefly Amanda wondered if she should refasten the buttons of her blouse but had
received no such instructions and got out the car. Thankfully her skirt slipped
back into place.

Rummaging through her handbag  Becky produced a piece of paper and headed it to
Amanda " I want you to get the items on this list, and don't even think to mess
me about. " 

Red faced with embarrassment Amanda reluctantly followed Becky into the store.
Once inside she scanned the list of items her face flushed with  humiliation as
she read the list of items.

1 dog collar large enough for your pretty throat.
1 leash so I can lead you round like a bitch
4 cat collars for you wrists and ankles.

" Now lets get a few things for my new pet. A collar first I think, " Becky
reached for a thick heavy studded collar. " Here try it on. "

" What here. " There was no mistaking the note of concern in Amanda's voice or
the look of horror in her eyes.

" Yes here unless you have an objection,  " replied Becky reaching into her
handbag and retrieving her mobile phone.

Looking Anxiously  around Amanda hurriedly placed the collar around her throat.

" it fits "

 Becky`s response was a quick fierce slap around the face that sent Amanda's
head reeling.

" It fits mistress. "

Amanda repeated the words, her voice a soft fear filled whisper

" Show me ."

" But they have security cameras here. " just in time Amanda added the word
mistress.

" So what ."

Her face burning with shame Amanda fastened the collar around her throat and
winced as Becky`s face dissolved into a satisfied smirk of superiority.

" Now for a leash ."

Amanda's reached up to unfasten her collar but a another quick slap dissuaded
her. "

" Did I tell you to remove you collar. "

Close to tears from the severity of the blow Amanda reached up for the leash and
handed it to Becky.

 "  now put it on. "

Amanda's eyes were soft and pleading but Becky smiled at her victims discomfort
and Amanda felt powerless to resist and could only wince in horror as Becky
clipped it to her collar.

Soon four cat collar had been added to her ensemble two for her wrists two for
her ankles and Amanda stood red faced and tearful, the humiliation  etching
itself ever more clearly on her mind. The collar and leash in particular had a
powerful and dominating effect on the terrified blonde. They had passed a slave
on the way into the store and his pain collar all to evident for all to see and
Amanda was intently aware of just how much was at stake.

" Please mistress may I remove them. "

 Becky noticed the tears prickling the eyes of her victim and nodded her assent.
Perhaps one day soon her rival would wear such items permanently but for the
time being she felt it wise not to draw attention to herself and nodded her
consent.

Amanda was becoming more and more nervous as she looked over the contents of her
basket.

While each individual item looked innocent enough she could not help but feel
that collectively their use was all too obvious. In a pathetic attempt to
conceal the truth she added two packets of dried cat food to her basket and
headed for the checkout. Red faced with embarrassment and showing more cleavage
than she felt happy with she stood nervously before the cashier as he accepted
her credit card with a polite smile.

" Have a nice day miss. "

Amanda managed a weak smile by way of response, her heart beating wildly, she
sensed this day would not be the slightest bit nice, for her anyway.

Back at the car Becky was waiting impatiently and Amanda got in beside her
sheepishly handing over the bag of goods for her inspection.

" I see you are a fast learner kid. Now lets go and have some real fun. "

Amanda breathed deeply trying to compose herself as she fretted over what
nightmares were coming her way next. Her one consolation was that this was a
mall some distance from her neat suburban house and no one would recognise her
still she could not help but wonder what the demonic bitch had in store fir her.

The mall seemed to be packed with people and Amanda was acutely aware of the
amount of cleavage she was showing, still there was nothing for it but to tough
it out and followed Becky into a boutique specialising in teenage clothes.

" Now lets see if there's anything in here for my new pet. "

" Please mistress all these clothes are for teenagers, they will be far too
small for me. " whispered Amanda as she eyed the selection.

" But that's the idea hon, a few sexy  numbers I wouldn't want your fiancee to
go off you, we have to make you look real sexy for when he gets home tonight. "

Amanda blanched, she had forgotten all about her date with Rupert. he had been
out of town all week closing some big deal or other and they had arranged to go
out on his return.

" Here try this on. "

Amanda groaned at the sight of the skimpy looking outfit in Becky hand and knew
there was nothing for it but to try it on. Moving sheepishly into the changing
room she removed her clothes, just standing there naked made her feel awkward
and embarrassed. Having struggled into the tight wrap around skirt she turned
and groaned on catching sight of herself in the mirror. The skirt was far too
short barely covering her bottom, and clung so tightly that at even the
slightest movement it shifted revealing the full extent of her legs, and
revealing her lack of underclothing. The short crop top was two sizes too small
and it took her an age to adjust it so it covered her breast. The thin fabric
doing nothing to hide her pert nipples. For a moment Amanda stood starring at
herself in the mirror, the image of a slut starring back at her. Just the
thought of slipping out of the changing room dressed as she was made her heart
race and her legs go weak. She couldn't do it , she wouldn't the mad psychotic
bitch had no right to treat her like this.

Guilty until proven innocent. Twenty years of slavery. The fuck toy of some
middle age pervert. Becky`s words swirled round in her brain. Just the thought
of would happen to poor Cassie made Amanda retch in fear.  She was trapped,
horribly trapped, that fake video of the drug deal looked so real, It had been
made by a professional TV news woman. There would be forensic evidence too. it
was hopeless she didn't have a chance.   Summoning the last of her courage
Amanda cautiously slid open the changing room door and stuck her head round half
expecting to see Becky standing there, but she had moved to the lingerie
section.

" That looks a little uncomfortable madam, I believe we have that colour in a
larger size.  "  A kindly faced sales lady descended on her but Becky hurried
over.

" No the little slut likes them tight don't you. "

Red faced Amanda thanked the assistant for her help and swallowed her tears.

" Now put these on and hurry it up. "

Consumed by helplessness Amanda returned to the changing room and with trembling
fingers donned the sheer nylon self supporting stockings and slipped on the
redundant garters selected by Becky. This time she avoided looking at herself in
the mirror knowing her reflection would reveal the epitome of a cheap slut.

It took all of Becky`s self control not to laugh out loud but the look on her
face revealed the extent of her pleasure. Already she had reduced her high and
mighty rival to the look of a street whore and felt her own nipples harden at
the thought of the pleasures still to come. For over an hour the dark haired
vixen had her blonde slave parade before her in an array of degrading and skimpy
outfits.

" That should be enough for now go pay for them. "


The words struck Amanda hard, not only was she being totally humiliated she was
expected to pay for it as well. The total price of seven hundred and forty two
dollars further robbing Amanda of what was left of her dignity.

All Amanda wanted to do was get home, to bury her face into a pillow and cry.
Her life was in tatters and the humiliation showed clearly on her puckered beet
red face.

" Are we done now mistress.? "     

" Not even close. " the words were spoken with a deliberate venom that sent a
shiver of fear shooting through Amanda's body.

" A slut slave, wearing slut clothes but there's something missing. Oh yes  Slut
shoes come on slave follow me. "

All Amanda could do was follow the spiteful bitch as she lead the way to a shoe
shop and even as she saw the words closing down sale plastered across the window
she knew the place would be packed. The thought of sitting in a cramped shop
dressed in a micro short skirt and wearing no panties sent a wave of nausea
churning through her body.

The store was indeed crowded and Amanda stood nervously aware of lustful stares
and dark comments. Her heart was racing, her body flushed with shame as she
waited for a sales assistant and prayed it would not be the spotty young lad who
had ogled her legs the moment she had walked in. Becky had seen him to and
Amanda groaned as the brunette collared the lad.

" My friend here would like some high heel shoes, you know the type I mean, five
inch heels and ankle straps, the type sluts wear. "

The young man flushed in embarrassment his lust filled eyes fixed on Amanda's
legs.

" What size miss. "

" Seven. " Amanda's voice was a barely audible whisper.

The young man hurried off and returned  laden down with boxes whilst Amanda sat
crossed legged, her body shaking with fear. Even as the sales assistant knelt in
front of her she could feel her face burning with the heat of her shame and sat
rigidly her legs crossed as he buckled a high heeled shoe onto her foot .

Behind her Becky smiled, already she could feel herself becoming aroused, she
loved to dominate people to bend them to her will and having Amanda as a slave
was a dream come true, perhaps she would get the silly bitch to lick her out
later.

" Why don't you walk in them see if they are comfortable. " she suggested.

Reluctantly Amanda rose and stood her legs shaking as she paraded about the
crowded shop. The heels gave her added height, her bum was even further off the
ground and she knew that if the salesman turned round he would be able to see
her exposed sex. The shoes wee too small and uncomfortable but there was nothing
Amanda could do except pretend they were a perfect fit. The last thing she
wanted was hours of trying on more pairs of shoes and parading half naked around
the shop.

" Look at the sales assistant he's gone all hard, he thinks you are a right
little slut shall I ask him if he could give you a discount. "


 " Please mis.. mistress no, " there was a note of desperation in Amanda's voice
that sent a wave of pleasure rippling through Becky's body. How good it felt to
hear the little slut beg.




Chapter three.

If the boutique and the shoe shop had been embarrassing for Amanda then the
remainder of the afternoon had been a nightmare. Becky had delighted in taking
her up every escalator and flight of stairs she could find, knowing the helpless
blonde would have difficulty in keeping her exposed bottom from view. By the
time they had returned to the car Amanda was in floods of tears. It was as if
every ounce of her dignity and self respect had been stripped away, she felt
cheap and degraded beyond belief every cat call every whistle and lewd comment
adding further to her shame.

" Perhaps we will go shopping a little nearer home next time. "  said Becky as
she climbed into the car and smiled to herself at the thought of Amanda parading
herself around the precinct dressed in slutty little clothes her face beet red,
her heart thumping with the fear of discovery by one of her friends, or worse
still one of Rupert`s friends.  Amanda was having the same thoughts flicker
through her mind, and found the prospect both nauseating and terrifying.

" Put your collar and cuffs on I want to see how you look. " Almost mechanically
Amanda reached for the wide studded collar fastening it around her throat, her
fingers trembling as she did so, then added the cat collars to ankles and
wrists. Even on a darkened road with little traffic and no one to see her Amanda
felt vulnerable and ill at ease. She hated herself for being so weak but knew
for the time being at least she was powerless to resist. There was no knowing
what Becky would do if she refused to cooperate.

" Lets eat. " Suggested Becky, what are you hungry for.

" I am not hungry thank you.....mistress. " Amanda mumbled the last word. She
was in fact ravenous having eaten nothing for the three days she had been
drugged but all she wanted to do was get home. There was no way she wanted to
walk into a restaurant dressed like a slut with a dog collar strapped to her
throat.

As Becky pulled into the drive in Macdonalds Amanda fidgeted nervously pulling
down her skirt as far as it would go and flicking her hair over her face and
sitting hunched up to hide her shame. She felt as if she would die and could
once again feel the heat of her shame burning her face.

" Sure you don't want anything. " asked Becky but Amanda shook her head refusing
to say no mistress in front of the cashier.

They drove over to a secluded part of the car park where Becky munched
contentedly on her burger and sipped her coke. A tiny drop of mayonnaise dripped
from her burger landing on her shoes. She was about to rub it off herself when
her face lit up in triumph.

" I seemed to have spilt a drop of mayo on my shoes, be a good slave and lick it
off. "

The words stunned Amanda and she sat open mouthed in amazement her eyes glaring
angrily at her impudent tormentor.

" You can take that look off your face right now, you're just my slutty little
bitch slave now get round here and do as you are told. "

Flushed with shame Amanda opened the car door and went round to the drivers
side.

" Now get on your knees and lick up that mess. "

It took all Amanda's courage to obey the order. It was small comfort to know
that the car park was almost empty. Trembling with a mixture of anger and
humiliation she dropped to her knees and leant forward her head dropping
forward. There was a moment of hesitation, but the sound of a cell phone being
dialled drove her on. With tears in her eyes Amanda snaked her long pink tongue
over Becky`s shoe, each stroke of her tongue imprinting her hopeless predicament
ever more clearly on her tortured mind.

" Go on bitch lick it clean. "  Came Becky`s mocking voice.

Satisfied that she had removed the drop of mayonnaise Amanda prepared to regain
her feet when she felt a hand spitefully grabbing her hair.

" You might as well do the other one seeing your down there. "
Amanda groaned inwardly as Becky's other foot came into view and knew she would
have to lick that too. Burning with humiliation she again put her tongue to work
and gulped back the tears that threatened to overwhelm her. It seemed an
eternity before Becky was satisfied and Amanda got some relief.

" I think that should be sufficient, I just hope you haven't drooled over them.
"

Humiliated and disgusted Amanda returned to the passenger seat and wiped the
taste  from her mouth. She could see the look of joy on Becky's face, see the
superior smirk and thought about wiping it away with a series of blows but sat
passively instead knowing the long drive home would bring no relief.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 A half hour later the two women were back at Amanda's house and even as the
door shut behind them Becky started to taunt her hapless victim.

" Did you have a nice day salve, all those nice slutty clothes you have. "

Amanda gritted her teeth and glared angrily at her tormentor. She was trapped
and helpless, the sadistic bitch could make her suffer but she was certainly not
about to encourage it.

" No I didn't enjoy it mistress, the clothes are slutty  and were picked by a
slut. "

" I think you are forgetting something slave, those four men who raped you, It
will only take one call to get them back here. "

" Pleeeasa no. Don't do that I didn't mean it. "

" Well seeing you don't like your clothes perhaps you should take them off. "

Already Amanda regretted her outburst and winced at the thought of standing
naked in front of Becky, but it was infinitely preferable to meeting those four
men. She had been drugged the last time they had used her and there was no way
she wanted them here again, not when she was full conscious. The very thought
sent a shiver through her body and she fumbled with clasp of her wrap around
skirt letting it fall to the ground. Her crop top soon followed and as he
reached for the straps on her high heeled shoes Becky told her to leave them on.

Instinctively Amanda folded her arms in front of her to hide her nakedness but
Becky had no intention of leaving her even this one tiny modesty.

" Stand straight legs apart. "

Reluctantly Amanda shuffled into position, feeling cheap and degraded. But there
was worse to follow.

" I want you play with yourself, I want to see how a cheap little slut makes
herself cum. "

Nauseated by the very thought of doing such a thing in front of another woman
Amanda began to play with herself, her hand rubbing gently over her exposed sex.

" Say cheese. "

Flash.

Amanda could only groan in horror at the thought of Becky having yet another
picture, to use against her but dared no stop.

" Time I rearranged your wardrobe I think. "

Amanda continued to explore her own sex watching  in horror as Becky filled bin
liner after bin liner with her clothes. Within minutes all her underwear had
been discarded, thousands of dollars worth of designer clothes stuffed into bags
and carted down to the basement. Soon only two business suits were left.

" You can wear something nice to work hon, for the time being that is. As for
the rest of the time seeing as how you object to the clothes I bought you. You
will wear nothing but your heels and stockings around the house. Do you
understand.

" Yes mistress. " sobbed Amanda

" Furthermore you will wear your collars at all time and kneel in my presence
when not going about your duties. " 

It was almost a relief to Amanda to be able to sink to her knees, her legs were
shaking that badly.

" Knees apart, back straight, hands linked behind your head. " Becky snapped out
the orders in quick succession watching as her stunned victim hurriedly obeyed.

Reluctantly Amanda shuffled into position knowing she was exhibiting her body,
but at least she couldn't play with her own sex with her hands behind her head

Flash

Another Polaroid print emerged from the camera, sharpened into view and joined
the others on the table.

For a moment Becky studied her victim delighting in her submissive posture. She
could see the movement of Amanda's breasts as the unfortunate woman breathed
deeply trying so hard to compose herself. How utterly dejected she looked, so
utterly vulnerable and ill at ease. A far cry from the proud, confident young
beauty who had attended their high school reunion the previous month.

Amanda too was thinking, wondering how long Becky intended to play her sick
little game, and control her life.

A sudden knock on the door brought her back to reality and she cringed nervously
fearing Becky might have called the four men who had raped her while she was
down in the basement.

" Go and answer it then. "

" But I am naked, " protested Amanda.

" So. "

Her face burning in shame Amanda lead the way down stairs, Becky following a few
steps behind. Ahead of her the door was solid wood with no way of knowing who
was on the other side. Cautiously opening it she found herself face to face with
Rupert`s old girlfriend.

" Hi slut, is your mistress home. "

Amanda stood open mouthed in astonishment as Jane swept into the room and walked
right past her.

" Hi kiddo ." Becky  embraced her old friend. Amanda shut the door and gulped
nervously knowing that there were two of them to torment her now. With a wag of
her finger Becky summoned Amanda to follow her and Jane into the living room and
she stood fidgeting nervously waiting for her ordeal to begin.

" Shouldn't you be kneeling bitch. " snapped Becky.  Amanda could see the smirk
on the newcomers face broadening into a contemptuous grin as she sank to her
knees and shuffled into position. Already she could feel the flush rising to her
face, feel the unshed tears welling up in her bright blue eyes. 

" Jane here has a little problem, you see she has no one to satisfy her needs
since you stole her Rupert away. "

 Amanda's eyes widened in horror as she saw the tall willowy blonde hitch up her
skirt  revealing a thick mound of hair surrounding her exposed sex.

" Perhaps you could make it up to her somehow. "

Amanda recoiled in revulsion.

" No please no. You can have Rupert back. I am sorry I took him away from you. "
The words tumbled from Amanda's throat between giant sobs.

" Oh but I want you to see Rupert, in fact once you have finished licking me out
you can go straight round there. " crooned Jane

Amanda continued to kneel, her mind reeling in confusion.

" You see slut, that is all part of the game. I intend to win Rupert back, I
don't want you giving him to me. "

" But......... I don't want him, I am sorry I took him away from you. I am sure
he loves you anyway. Please I will do what you want, I will write a letter and
tell him the engagement is off. "

" How do I know you won't go sneaking around my back, waving those big tits of
yours in his face like you did last time. "

Amanda sobbed continuously, her body rocking with each giant spasm.

" I will move away, go to another town, another state. Please I am begging you.
"

For a moment Jane seemed to consider the idea.

" No I would rather win him back, and in the meantime you can give me a little
solace for my sad loss  ". Jane spread her legs apart, and prised apart her sex
with her fingers. 

" I won't do it I wont. " Amanda shouted angrily her voice showing her
desperation

" I think you will, and I think you will beg to do it, or should I call my
friends and ask them to bring your sister over here. "

" Please no, please leave Cassie alone, she hardly knows Rupert, it has nothing
to do with her. "

" I could be persuaded to leave your sister out of this, it all depends on what
you have to say to Jane. "

A choking sound came from Amanda, her lips were quivering her head lowered.

Jane watched intently. She saw Amanda's hands  claw into the carpet. What a
struggle it was for her, that was what made it so delightful.

" Well slut. "

" M... May  I li...Lick your ppuuus... pussy mistress? " Amanda's voice was
hoarse, she sounded like a different person.

Savouring this moment of revenge Jane was in no hurry to answer.

" I hope " she said at last " that you are aware that it is an honour for a slut
such as you to be allowed to service me. "  

Amanda's head was down, she continued to sob. Becky suddenly pulled her by the
hair and slapped her a stinging blow across the breasts.

" Answer my guests when they speak to you. "

" Y...yerr. yes mistress. " Amanda choked out the words her body heaving with
disgust.

" Say it." snapped Becky her hand raised threateningly.

" I ah..am honoured... to ser...serve... you....mistress."

" Service, slave not serve."

" Honour....honoured t...too...service you  mistresss..." Tears were streaming
down Amanda`s reddened cheeks. Her shame at her submission to these two monsters
was total. 

With flaring nostrils Amanda positioned herself between Jane's thighs. Her heart
breaking, her body wracked by giant sobs  her long pink tongue lapped slowly
across the exposed sex lips of the woman who had vowed to steal away her beloved
Rupert. Never had she imagined anything so humiliating so totally disgusting but
dared not stop.

"  I just can't see why Rupert would want to go out with a cheap little slut ."
chirped Becky as she reached for the camera.

Flash

" Well you know what men are like, I have a hunch he will dump the little slut
soon and find a decent woman ." replied Jane

Jane and Becky smiled each other enjoying Amanda's total humiliation.

" I know it's an honour for a little tramp like you to have access to the pussy
lips of a classy woman like me, but don't be shy slut, let that tongue of yours
lick away. "

" If she is not up to the job in hand I know this little seventeen year old
tramp in Springfield, who would simply die to service a decent woman. "

Forcing down the bile in her throat Amanda probed her tongue deep into the
parted lips of Jane's sex. The reference to the seventeen year old in
Springfield was obviously her sister and Amanda was desperate to save her from
the clutches of these two evil women.

It took all of Amanda's self control to force down her revulsion. For what
seemed an eternity her tongue flicked side to side thrusting, darting and
lapping for all she was worth. Three times she retched each time forcing down
the bile rising to her throat. She could feel Jane's arousal. feel the bitches
cum smearing her face, mixing with her tears.

By the time she was finished it was already after eight and Amanda knew she was
late for her date with Rupert.

" Please mistress can I go now? "

Becky and Jane looked at each other and nodded their agreement.

" Yes run along slut, we wouldn't want you to stand in the way of true love. "

Hurriedly Amanda grabbed her clothes intending to take a quick shower but Becky
called her back.

" No shower for you slave, I think Rupert should see you for what your really
are. "

" A little whore with cum stained face and another mans sperm in your cheap
little cunt. " laughed Jane as she re arranged her clothes.

With Jane and Becky`s comments still ringing in her ears Amanda hurried out to
the car.  She had to stop three times on her way across town, her tears were
that bad.  But now at last the nightmare was over, she had escaped. Rupert would
understand, she told herself.

Amanda found the sound of the tyres crunching over the gravel path reassuringly
pleasant and the sight of lights burning in the windows gave her fresh courage.
Here was sanctuary, her nightmare was at an end. It took only a quick turn of
her key to gain admittance to the house and she shut the door behind her. Almost
at once she heard the reassuring sound of Rupert`s deep cultured voice.

" I`ll tell you something now Charles. Someone is out to get me. Those
government inspectors are a bunch of blood suckers, they poke and probe around
in your affairs  looking for the slightest thing to use against you. Just look
what happened to Simon Farrar last years. The national ethics committee tore him
to shreds. he was a pillar of the local community and they drove him to suicide.
"

For a moment Amanda listened at the door. She had never heard Rupert sound so
concerned.

" There are people out there who will stop at nothing to destroy good and decent
people. All I say is thank god for Amanda. She's an absolute God send, never
done a thing wrong in her life. At least they can't use her against me. One hint
of scandal and those jackals would tear me apart. "

Not wishing to cause a scene in front of company Amanda retreated down the hall
and found a coat she had left behind weeks earlier. Wrapping It tightly around
her, she slipped silently into the room to find Rupert talking on the phone. His
face was etched with worry.

" Look Amanda's here now ill catch you later. "

" Is everything all right Rupert? " She asked.

" It is now that you are here, " he walked over to her and held her in his arms.

" It's just those blood sucking vampires at the NEC they have their claws into
me,  you know what they are like. One whiff of scandal and I'm finished, thank
God I have you.

Already the tears were in Amanda's eyes, the hard lump of fear rising to her
throat.. She knew about the NEC she knew what they were capable of. Only the
previous year an old friend of Rupert`s had been investigated. They found out
that  his wife had had an affair five years previously . Within month Simon had
killed himself. Almost overnight his prosperous business collapsed around him.
Customers went elsewhere for their goods, suppliers became nervous and the banks
called in their loans.

Amanda sat tense and nervous, her mind whirling with confusion.

" Rupert I want you, I need to talk to you. " She wanted to tell him what had
happened to her since he had been away, to tell him that she was being
blackmailed, to share the burden of the past few days with him. The words formed
on her lips but remained unspoken. How could she tell him now, one hint of
scandal would ruin him. They could never go to the police, and for the umpteenth
time that day she blinked away her tears and sat pale and drawn, her heart
pounding, her mind reeling as she thought of the days of pain and humiliation
that lay ahead.

" Is everything all right? "

Amanda blinked away her tears and smiled as she accepted the drink offered her.

" Yes of course it is, I was just worried about you. "

" I am a strong old war-horse, ill see those blood suckers off, don't you worry
about that. "

Again Amanda pulled her coat tightly around her and managed a weak supportive
smile, but it was a smile without warmth, a smile without hope. Her life was
over and she knew it. There was only one person spiteful enough to set the NEC
on to Rupert. Becky. The bitch had won, would she ever be free of her?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ragamuffin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





