BDSM Library - The Unwilling Slave




The Unwilling Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is taken and broken into a slave life.
The unwilling slave

Chapter 1- x

As they marched me into the Generals office I was shivering with fright.  All of
my people had been taken away from the ghettos that we lived in.  When they came
they gathered my whole section.  Herding them into the truck.  When they saw me
the captain grabbed me by my ponytail and pulled me over to another truck and
motioned for me to get inside. 

I climbed inside and when I got there I saw 15 other crying girls shoved into
the truck.  The truck started to move and I was thrown to the floor.  It was
cold and damp and I was terrified.  On and one we rode until finally we pulled
up to a camp of some sort.  It was laid out with a big brick home in the middle
and smaller huts around the outside.  There were barns and pens of animals.  It
look idyllic.  I knew it wasn't when the soldier grabbed us out of the truck and
started to make fun of us.

Oh this one has big breasts, this one has a nice figure, and you know what she
will be good for and then laughing and laughing.

They pushed us against each other and herded us into the pen, outside with the
animals.  They pull one girl in after the other.  No one was coming out.  My
mind was working over time.  Scared shitless.  I was the last one in there when
a big bosomy girl soldier came out and grabbed me by my hair and dragged me
across the compound, up the stairs and into the Generals Office.  I stood there
looking down at my feet, scared to look up at him. 

He looked at me and sneered, you've been sentenced here for lewd behavior
towards a soldier stationed in your area of the ghetto.  I opened my mouth to
disagree when the woman hauled off and slapped me across the mouth.  Silence she
yelled.

As he continued he nodded to the two men and they grabbed my arms.  She brought
out a knife and sliced my clothes down one side and then the other.  Stripping
me of my clothes.

I stood there embarrassed, my face was beet red.  The General stood up.  I could
see he was a tall, athletic man. As he approached me he motioned for the
soldiers to bend me over.  I saw him pick up a pair of rubber gloves and snap
them on.  He then went behind me and kicked my legs wide open.  I felt the two
soldier's lock their feet around mine not letting my legs close.

I feel him reach a hand to my ass rubbing it.  Now for your inspection he said. 
I saw the woman sit on the desk, cross her legs and take the clipboard and pen. 
She looked up at him expectantly. 

I reached down and rubbed my pussy.  First thing to go Mildred is her pussy
hair. The woman made a note of it and nodded.

He continued down with his fingers inserting them into my opening.  I cried out
it hurt.  I could feel his surprise.  Well well well he muttered this is
interesting he said.  Mildred we have a virgin here.  He then proceeded up my
backside and pulled my ass cheeks apart. Well since you are a virgin down in
your pussy he said I guess you are one here.  And with that he shoved two
fingers into me.  I screamed out with the pain and fainted.




Chapter 2


When I came to I was strapped on a medical gurney in a sterile looking room.  He
was dressed still in his uniform but Mildred was in a black leather teddy that
pushed up her breasts and I could see that they had big rings in the nipples.

I started to cry and scream.  They placed a ball gag in my mouth, which did not
allow me to speak or scream out anymore.  All I could do was feel the drool come
out the sides. 

Mildred approached me with a straight razor and a shaving crop and a bowl of
steaming water.  She took a towel and dipped it into the bowl and then pulled my
lips apart and he picked up the hot rag with forceps and draped it over my pussy
making sure it fell in between the lips.  I could feel it burning me.  When it
cooled he did not take it off instead he took a cup and dipped it into the water
and poured it over my pussy on top of the towel.  Mildred then removed it and
when she was happy with the softness of the skin and the redness she lathered
some soap on it and shaved off all my hair down there.

When she finished the cool air felt good but it was not meant to be for long. 
She took a bottle of after-shave lotion and poured some into her hands and
rubbed the alcohol-based lotion all over and inside my cunt.  Burning it.  She
then removed the gag.

He came over to me and smoothed my hair back and said when we finish with you,
you will be one of the best-trained slave and whore in Europe.  He lowered the
table head so my head hung off of the table all the way back wards.  He rubbed
his hand over my throat and massaged it.  Let's see how much she can take he
said.  We will measure the throat first.  It looks like a good long one.  I took
out a rubberized type of worm.  I had never seen anything like it before.  It
was about 2 inches wide and a pale flesh colored thing, It smelled like plastic. 

He said this is known as a small dildo.  We are going to measure how deep your
throat is for fucking.  With that he took my ponytail and tied it to a string
and looped it around the base of the table and pulled my head back until it
arched.  He then told me to open my mouth.   when I refused Mildred came over
and pinched my nipples until I screamed.

As my mouth opened in a scream he began shoving this dildo thing down my throat. 
A little at a time.  I was gagging.  He would rub my throat and then shove it
down some more.  The more he shoved the more evil the smile on his face.  When I
could take no more and I began to feel the room turn he took his knife and cut
it off at my lips.  He attached a ring to the end and pulled it out of my
throat.  As I was gasping for breath he took out the measuring stick. 

Nice she can deep throat he said that was 15 inches of pure plastic cock. 
Imagine when we teach her to piston her head back and forth.  Mildred came over
to my head and leaned down and kissed me on my lips.   I was so startled.  She
said that she was so proud of my abilities.  I showed great promise.




Chapter 3

He then went over to a table and placed the mouth dildo in a case standing up. 
I couldn't believe I had something that big in my mouth.

He reached into a drawer and brought out a long silver bullet looking thing.  He
brought it over to the table and he showed it to me.  It was about 7 inches long
and 2 inches wide.  He turned a crank on the bottom and it started to grow
longer and when he pumped the crank it grew thicker.  My eyes opened terrified. 

Where did he plan to use this. 

We need to open you up good and wide to see how deeply and thickly you can take. 
But first Mildred replace the gag in her mouth because we don't want to scare
the animals with her screams and you and I know she will scream. 

Mildred took out a different type of gag this time.  This one had a long
protruding shape that she placed in my mouth making sure my tongue was lodged
under it and then buckled it around my head.  She leaned down and said this was
to ensure I did not bite off my tongue.

She then went to the bottom of the table and I could see that she attached
stirrups to the table.  The General then took my legs and placed them into the
stirrups and locked them into place.  He then dropped the end of the table
allowing my pussy and ass to be totally accessible.

He then spread the stirrups to the side bringing my legs almost at a 180 degree
angle.

Opening me wide and no secrets.  He then attached two clips to my lips and
hooked them around my legs , pulling them open wide.  He set up a video camera
and a monitor so that I was able to watch what he was doing.

When it came into view I could see the inside of my lips that were pried open
with no hidden areas.  He took a pointer with a black tip and started to point. 
Here is your clit, here is your fuck hole etc.  Then he took the pointer and
very gently slid it into me.  When it met some resistance he stopped, marked it
and pulled it out. 

He took it over and documented that is was able to go in to me about 4 inches
and met resistance going in.  I needed to be open a lot more to take young buck
cocks up the chute.  He then picked up the shiny bullet dildo and approached my
lower half.




Chapter 4

I was scared.  I tried to close my legs but they were being held open wide by
the stirrups.  I watched him once again go, fully clothed, stand between my
widely spread legs.  I stood there and placed the cold dildo in my opening. 
Pushing it in as far as it would go.  It went in about two inches and then he
looked at me and shoved it into me with out any preamble.   I screamed as it
tore into me causing me such pain.  Just as fast he removed it and he held it up
for me to see the blood on it.  He leaned over my pussy and wiped the dildo on
one breast and then the other.

He then returned the dildo to my cunt and replaced it inside me.  I allowed me
to get accustomed to the feel of it in me.  He walked away to the counter and
washed his hands.   He then put on some rubber surgical gloves. 

He leaned down to the floor and brought up to lead which he attached to the
dildo in my pussy.  He then made sure that the dildo was in my cunt as far as it
would go. When he was satisfied he flipped a switch on the table and I felt the
dildo begin to fuck me hard and fast.  The pain was unbearable that I wanted to
pass out.  Just then I saw Mildred appear with a long syringe which was filled
with liquid.  She shot the liquid into my nipples and told me that it was a
stimulant so I would not pass out.  She leaned down and sucked and bite my
nipples until they were hard.

When he seemed satisfied he stopped the in and out motion and took his hand and
tested the orifice.  He then replaced it into me and then cranked the handles
and I could feel it growing longer and wider inside me.  Hurting me.  He  then
restarted the in and out motion.  I heard him tell Mildred that's 8 inches long
and 3 inches wide.  Please mark that on her chart.  She expanded to that in 10
minutes of raw fucking.

He kept it up, stopping it and then restarting it, measuring and making notes. 
My pain was go great that around the 12 inch mark I lost all sense of where I
was.  The last thing I remembered was 12 inches long and 5 inches wide.  At
which time my eyes rolled and I passed out.

When I awoke they removed me from the table.  They slid in a dildo in my cunt
and secured it there by taking a big clamp and clamping my lips together. 

They led me over to a stool and told me to sit on it.  I looked at it and in the
middle had a long, thick, wooden dildo sticking out of it.  He told me to
straddle it and impale my self on it.  If I wanted some lubrication I should
suck it first.  I looked at him and he said that is a very good idea, Mildred
show her how to do it. 

Mildred got down on her knees and enclosed the tip in her mouth and swirled her
tongue all around it making it moist. 

Your turn he said.  I tried to imitate Mildred.  I got it wet.  He then said up
you go and sit down.

I tried to line up my ass with the pole.  Mildred leaned over me.  Her breasts
hanging in my face and she reached back and pulled my ass cheeks wide open and
placed the head in my asses entrance. 

I looked at him and he said you had better start lowering your self.  I pushed
down a little and cried out in immense pain.  I yelled I can't do it anymore. 
No more. Stop I won't do it. 

Won't do it he yelled, and he came over to me and put both of his hands on my
shoulders from behind and slammed me down on it.  I screamed so loud and sobbed
from the pain.

Mildred took out hand cuffs and hand cuffed my hands behind me.  Making my back
arch out from where my ass was attached to the chair.  She then took my legs and
pushed them up so they were resting over the arms of the chair, this impaled me
further, and tied me wide.




Chapter 5

I was moaning with the pain of my implement.   They unclamped my lips and
removed the dildo from my pussy.  Mildred came over to me and put a ball with
rubber straps into my mouth and then fastened it behind my head.  They tied my
hands to the arm of chair laying my hands on my inner thighs and tying them
together.

I saw the General nod to Mildred and she got down on her knees between mine and
she pulled my lips apart further.  She bent her head and started to lick me,
paying special attention to the clit.  Sucking on it and causing it to elongate. 
She then took it between her long finger nails and frigged it like a small
penis.  She did  this until she was satisfied and got up. 

The General came over and pulled the clit out and Mildred tied some type of
dental floss around the base of the clit.  This caused it to throb in pain and
become fiery red. 

Then Mildred came over and bend down and sucked each nipple.  Tying them at the
base when the General was satisfied with the results.

They both stood back and enjoyed the view.  The then brought in a photographer
who took pictures up close of my private area and breasts,  making sure he got a
good picture of the pole up my ass by reaching down and spreading my ass cheeks
further.




Next came in a small Chinese man,  He had the longest fingers and beard I had
ever seen.  He came right in and pulled up a stool right by lower half.  I was
so embarrassed by everything that was being done to me but I wasn't even given
the right to protest due to the ball gag. 

He pulled out of his coat a long needle filled with golden fluid.  This is to
see he said how big we will be able to enlarge your clitoris and nipples.  With
that he took the syringe and inserted it into the clit.  I silently screamed. 
My eyes rolled.  Mildred slapped me across the face and said none of that we
want you awake for this. And she and the General laughed.

I felt the Chinese man push the needle in further and further until he was
satisfied.  He then let it hang on the chair between my legs.   He then took a
long suction cup and attached it onto each breast and nipple.  He depressed the
back of the cup and a needle appeared in the cup and laid against the nipple on
each breast.  I looked up at the Chinese man and he smiled evilly at me and
pushed the needles deep into my nipples.  My whole body arched on the stick in
my ass, but I was unable to move hardly at all.

The tears started to roll down my face with the pain. 

The Chinese man then attached the needles to a long tube that he laid on my
stomach and attached the needle in my clit to the tube also.  Hooking up all
three needles together and then attaching a type of plunger and needle to the
end of the tube.

Wait the General said.  We all turned towards him.  He brought out a big
cucumber and shoved it into my pussy.  Lets see if in her pain she can smash it. 
It will teach us how hard she can clamp a penis.




Chapter 6

I screamed a silent scream as it was shoved in.  I then saw the Chinese man
depress the needle contraption.  I felt the burning being pushed into my clit
and nipples.  I never dreamed of such pain.  As he finished depressing the
needle he roughly pulled out the needles that were attached to my body.  I
rolled up his utensils and left.

The General came and sat between my spread legs.  He started to pluck my nipples
and clit.  Watching it stretch and grow.  He was smiling as he watched it grow
and grow.  I felt like the skin was going to bust.  It was stretching.  He took
a measuring tape and measured my clit.  Umm he said nice, 4 inches long and 3
inches wide.  Looks just like a little prick doesn't it Mildred, he rubbed it as
he said it.  Causing it to react to his stimulus.

You do the breasts he said.  She took the tape from him and took her long
fingernails and pulled the tip of my nipple.  She clenched the end between her
nails and measured, 3 inches long and 2 inches around and a dark dark brown. 
They made the notes on the chart.

They withdrew the cucumber surprised to see it intact.  When they took it out I
could see long strings of moisture sticking to it.  They seemed as surprised as
I did.  Well now lookie here the General said and brought it to my mouth and
told me to clean it off.  When I resisted he shoved it in and out making me suck
it off and clean it.

Next Mildred stood over me with a needle and gold earrings in her hand.  I
couldn't fathom what she was going to do with it.  She swabbed the nipple and
then without and preamble she shoved the needle into the throbbing tit, moving
it back and forth forcefully.  She then pulled it out and replaced it with a
ring, snapping it close. She then proceeded to the next nipple and doing the
same thing. 

She then knelt between my legs and lowered her head,  She took my little clit
cock in her mouth and worked it harder and longer then it was.   I started to
moan as she placed her fingers in my hole and moved them in and out.  As I felt
I was close to cum she would stop and rub my nipples and when I calmed down she
would lower her head and start again.

When she was satisfied she picked up a needle and shoved it into the clit and
pierced it and placed the earring in it.  She then untied the string from the
base of the nipples and clit and when the pain came pouring into those organs
she leaned her head back down and made me cum to the roar of the pain.


I laid there exhausted, in pain and confused. 

Next the General came forward and I saw he took off his uniform and showed me
his cock.  He showed me it and said it was 14 inches long and 5 inches around
and he was one of the smaller man around here.

He told Mildred to let me up and tie me on my back legs by my head.

She led me over but pulling her finger into my nipple ring and pulling me along
after her.

She tied me on the bed with my arms tied to the bed post far apart and then she
came to my head and reached down for my legs and brought them up along side of
my arms and tied them off to the same posts.  She leaned down and deeply kissed
me.  Using her tongue in my mouth.  As my mouth opened in surprise I felt the
bed dip and felt something enter me with such force that I screamed into
Mildred's mouth.




Chapter 7

He wasn't kidding he was huge and my newly open cunt was in a mass of pain.

that did not stop him.  He just kept on sawing in and out.  I had a very clear
view of  the pistoning action since it was right in front of my eyes due to the
way I was tied.  He came with a grunt and I felt a hot searing fluid empty into
my cunt. 

Then Mildred came over and climbed between my legs, took her fingers and spread
my lips wide and began to lick the lips and into the hole.  She paid special
care to stick her tongue into my canal and clean it out thoroughly.  She then
placed her lips over the ring in my clit and sucked the clit and ring into her
mouth.  Tantalizing it, arousing it and then she bit the base under the rings
hard.  To my surprise I started to come as I screamed.

I looked at the both of them and they were smiling, pleased.

They untied me and placed a color around my neck and Mildred placed a lead chain
in it.  It was just like a dogs leash complete with the leather handle to lead
me by.

She lead me to a big swimming pool and told me take a bath.  She unlocked the
chain and told me to be a good girl. 

She left the area and I began to swim and wash out all the fluids.  I washed my
hair by the running water and dove under the water.  When I came up I noticed a
tall man standing by the end of the pool.  With him he had a German Shepherd. 
He was an evil looking man.  He had a scare across his face from the right eye
to the left lower chin. 

He motioned me to get out.  I arose from the pool and the dog started to bark. 

He motioned me to the reclining chair by the side of the pools.  These were the
typical ones with the foam cushions you see by any of the pools you have
attended with two exceptions.  All the chairs had a head rest with a collar
around it and moveable stirrups with straps on it.

As I laid down the dog kept on barking and growling.  He came to me and placed
his hand roughly on my head and then he clasped the collar closed.

I could move around a little and see what was happening.  I noticed that It was
on a slight slant.  He then slapped my breasts and motioned for me to place my
legs on the stirrups and buckled them in.  He then spread them wide.  Inspecting
the ring on my clit.

He turned to look at me and I saw he had a hand video camera in it.  He sat on
the chair nearest to me.  Moving back and forth.  I guess making sure he had the
whole scene in it.  He leaned close for a close up of my face, traveling down to
my boobs, stopping to pull on the rings, traveling down to my vagina and pulling
on the rings there.

He then leaned back and snapped his fingers and the German Shepherd jumped on me
and impaled me with his cock.  I was so surprised that a dog was fucking me I
couldn't yell. 

Every time I shifted the dog would bark and growl and bare his teeth.  I was
scared that I tried not to move.

The dog kept at me until I felt him finish what he was doing and trying to pull
out of me.  For some reason I did not understand he could not get out of me. 

At my look of fright the solder laughed and laughed.  He finally approached us
and leaned down and petted the dog on the head, calming him.  He reached down
and spread my lips wide.  He gently inserted his fingers on either side of the
dogs cock and eased it out.  He was so gentle with the dog.

He then turned to me and sneered.  He took out a long plastic tube and inserted
it into my vagina.  It had a type of seal on it.  It sealed my hole up.  He then
led it to the faucet and turned on the cold water.   I could see it racing down
the tube and I braced for it.  I knew it was going to be a shocker because I was
warm from the dogs jism.

I was unprepared for just how much of a shocker it was.




Chapter 8

As I felt the cold water hit me I screamed from the pain of the rushing cold
water.  I could feel my nipples get hard and I could see goose bumps all over
me.  But he did not stop the water.   He just looked at me as I could see my
stomach distend more and more.  I looked 9 month pregnant and then he reached
and turned the water off.

He approached my spread lips and legs and detached the hose from the tube.  He
left the tube and the seal inside me.  And all I could do was lay on my back
with my legs spread and my stomach standing out with goose bumps all over it. 

He then undid his pants and sat down on the bottom of the chair and lifted my
legs on either side of his and pulled my ass cheeks apart.  He placed his penis
in my ass and pulled me down further and further on it.  I turned my head and I
could see the dog watching and growling at me.  I could not stand to look at my
stomach and see the mans head between my legs. 

As he plunged in and out he used his hands to pet my stomach and move it around
and around.  I could feel the water sloshing inside me as he did this.  I felt
like I had to expel the water.

With a grunt he got his rocks off and I could feel his fluid shooting into my
ass.  He pulled out of me roughly and stood up.  Coming over to my face and
putting his penis near my mouth and motioning me to clean it off.  Which I did. 
It smelled bad but I was to afraid.  All I thought that was if I could get
finished he would release the water in my stomach.

But little did I know he was not finished with me.

He undid my bindings and stood me up.  I had to stand with my feet braced far
apart because with the added weight I could not balance myself.

He motioned me to walk away and as I did, he snapped his fingers and the dog
started to chase me.  Around and around the pool I ran, barely being able to
move.  I could feel my stomach swinging in pain from the water and I could
barely stay in front of the dog.

He had played this game before.

He finally jumped on my back and brought me down.  I felt his paws on my ass and
his snout nose between my lips and I felt his tongue lick over my ass cheeks and
go further down to my pussy entrance and grasp the hose and the seal and jerk it
out of me.

I was so humiliated when the water started to pour out of me just like a baby
who can not hold their urine.




Chapter 9

I tried to turn over to get up but the dog just stood over me with his hind paws
on my ass not letting me move.  He then took my arm in his mouth and dragged me
back over to the edge of the pool and I fell over into it.  I stayed at the edge
of the pool shivering in fright as I heard the soldier laughing and calling for
his dog to join him and then I was alone again.


I tried to turn over to get up but the dog just stood over me with his hind paws
on my ass not letting me move.  He then took my arm in his mouth and dragged me
back over to the edge of the pool and I fell over into it.  I stayed at the edge
of the pool shivering in fright as I heard the soldier laughing and calling for
his dog to join him and then I was alone again.

I then saw that she was a he in a dress uniform.  He dragged me behind him
dripping wet and cold until we can to a room with a saddle stand on it. 

He laid me over the stand front wards and secured my feet wide apart.  He put
blinders on me I felt him behind me snapping on rubber gloves and feeling me
between my legs.  Paying special attention to my clit and inserting two, three
and then four fingers in my pussy.  

He then moved to a table and fetched a needle which had clear liquid in it and
he returned and crouched between my splayed legs again and could feel it enter
my clit.

I started to scream from the pain but, he roughly slapped my ass and told me
that would feel like nothing by the time the horses were finished with me.

Horses I thought oh god not horses. 

He proceeded to tell me that horses are kept celibate until its there time to
mate and that could be from 1 to 6 months all the while they get daily
injections and milking to increase their girth.

He then placed a penis gag in my mouth and he shoved a very large sized dildo in
my ass.  He talked all the while saying things like, tight fit, can't have them
going into the wrong holes. etc.    He then ran a harness from around my mouth
gag, pulling my head back and attaching it to the butt plug in my ass. 

He then sprayed some mixture in my pussy and told me it was a aphrodisiac for
the horses sense of smell.

He then left the room with me thrust up on this saddle contraption and turned
off the lights.




Chapter 10

It got so quiet in the room.  Thrust up there with no way to move at all.  I
just waited and waited and waited for what seemed like a long time. Then I
started to hear voices surrounding me but not near me.  I could hear chairs
being moved around and then a bright light came on.  A spot light and it shone
on my naked skin.  I heard clapping and as I looked up I could see high above me
a ring of spectators.  I started to really struggle then.

I tried to get away moving back and forth trying to loosen my bounds but to no
avail I couldn't.   I heard the door open and in walked the General.  He carried
in his hands a long bull whip which he unrolled as he approached me.  I quieted
down now really scared when I saw him. 

I approached my head and gave my face a slap, which caused it to jerk.  He then
went behind him and I could hear the air moving right before I felt a searing
pain on my ass and the dildo was shoved in further as he hit it with the bull
whip.  He kept on hitting me and hitting me. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
times.  Each time he hit it my head would jerk back further and further.

He then stopped and came forwards and rubbed his cool hand over my hot flanks. 
Nice ass horsy he said  nice ass.  I then felt him reach down between my splayed
legs and delve into my pussy.  Moving his fingers in and out and in and out.  He
gave an evil laugh and I was mortified.  I knew what he was laughing at. 

He took his hands and showed it to the audience and they hooted and hollered. 
He came around to my mouth and said in a loud deep voice.  Clean my fingers off
you dirty horsy of your excitement.  and he smiled.




Chapter 11

With that he pulled out the penis gag and let it hand down by my chin.  He had
his fingers in front of me and I could see it glistening on his fingers.  Smell
yourself he said as he forced me to open my mouth and he placed his fingers
inside of my mouth.

I began to suck them clean. It was a salty taste to it.  Not to repugnant, I
thought  except that it was my own moisture from excitement that I did not know
I liked. 

Enough, he bellowed ,  you suck like a whore who enjoys giving a blow job.  With
that he withdrew his fingers.  He did not replace the mouth gag.

Next he clapped his hands and in came three of the biggest men I had ever seen. 
Each was way over seven feet tall, with a bald head encased in a leather
harness.  On their legs were leather pants with the ass and front cut out.  I
could see big, thick, long cocks standing at attention and hanging out of their
asses were long thick horse tails.  Their ass cheeks were smooth and well oiled. 
They were stamping at their bits.  In each nostril their was a thick brass ring
that the reigns were attached through.  And they were being led by them.  

Each horse had a trainer who led them and tied them off to hooks imbedded in the
wall. 

The trainers then approached the horses and took a paint brush out of a bucket
and painted their cocks with a coating of oil.  I thought this oil was to make
it easier on me but as I watched the horses I could see them getting randier and
more irritated.  It was then I realized that they were torturing them further. 

When they led the first one towards me his prick was huge and bright red.  I
could also see that his hands were shackled behind him. 

They slowly led him behind him and I could actually hear him snorting.  They
lined him up between my spread legs and undid his lead and smacked his ass.  And
with that and no preliminaries he plunged in.  Opening me up further then I had
ever been opened.  The General had been huge but he was even huger.  In and out
he went. 

His large prick was irritating my pussy.  The General then came behind him and
started whipping his ass with the bull whip as I plunged into me.  Until he
came, with a horses bellow of satisfaction.




Chapter 12

As he finished he was unceremoniously pulled out of me with a loud slurp and
plop.  I could see as he was led away and another was brought behind me and once
again pushed in me.  In and out he went in and out.   When he was finished once
again they pulled him away.

Then the General made an announcement.

Ladies and Gentlemen, slaves and subs.  You are about to witness a first in this
farm.  We have discovered a gay horse.  He is as big as they come.  and with
that the light shown on a horse attached to the wall.  The light outlined his
crotch.  A trainer came and took out a yard stick and measured his cock for all
to see.   He was disappointed and he began to yank it hard back and forth until
he was satisfied and then he re-measured it and smiled.

Fifteen inches he yelled General.

You could all here the gasps and moans around the arena.

Then the General continued,  It is such a waste of good seed for this steed to
fuck another steed so we are going to make him fuck her and impregnate her.   
They led the struggling horse over.  I could see he was reluctant.  His stare
met my stare.

But they brooked no nonsense and placed him behind me.   They attached his arms
around my shoulders.  This caused him to lay fully on my back and I could feel
the mammoth cock hanging between my legs.  I wiggled wondered how I could be
getting turned on.

I felt a hand split my pussy and insert his penis in there. and then I saw them
lead another horse over to him and place him behind him. 

Now the General said here is the new three fuck.  and with that the second pony
entered the first pony's ass and then shoved him into me hard.  Making me gasp
and cry out.

I began to cry out in pleasure as I felt something give in my pussy.   I started
moaning.

The general came and stood before me.  Lifting my face in his hand and kissing
my lips.  I kissed him back as I began to moan and grind against the prick in
side me.  and when I began to come I could feel the spotlight in my face as he
held it up for all to see.

I lift my head back and screamed and screamed as I came and came.  I could feel
the horse emptying himself in me and groaning.

They removed the horses and detached me.  Standing me up.  I could barely close
my legs.  The General came over and cupped my pussy and said I believe, in 9
months we shall have a new foal for the farm.


The end for now.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





