BDSM Library - Justice in Space




Justice in Space
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Violent criminals from four cities in England are abducted and take to a spacestation for punishment. For one, a feisty pint size girl, this has unexpected consequences.
Please take note!
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.
MF FF punishment Rom
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.
Copyright Obohobo 2001





Justice in Space

by obohobo

Chapter 1. The capture

Four RH500's left Spacestation Molly and headed for earth covering the thousand
miles in few minutes and hovered about eight miles above their destinations. It
was 11 p.m. on a warm Saturday evening in May and in the four cities, Liverpool,
Brixham, Birmingham, and Bradford, there was always trouble around that time on
a Saturday. Violence, drugs, muggings had now become a fact of life, not just in
these four areas but in most towns in England. Restrictive legislation brought
in by do-gooders both in Great Britain and the European Community had limited
police powers so much, they were fighting a losing battle. Even when arrests
were made the courts rarely gave more than a token sentence. Police morale was
at an all time low. Why put themselves at risk when any arrest might lead to
accusations of malpractice, suspension and dismissal? It was easier and safer to
ignore the violent element and to patrol peaceful urban areas.

******

Ralph Hanley, early in his career, discovered a way of reducing domestic waste
into its component molecules, electrons and protons by using a complex version
of a microwave oven. However, when several environmental groups heard of it,
they accused him of using nuclear power and generating nuclear emissions. None
of which was true but the situation, hyped up by the press and media, fuelled
large demonstrations and protest marches. To avoid further problems of this
nature, he kept future research to himself and just a few of his loyal
laboratory workers. Between them they found a way of isolating the component
molecules and manipulating them into materials that had many properties not
found in the natural product or if they were, the natural material would be very
expensive. They found they could make gold, platinum and diamonds that were
indistinguishable from the natural material and sales from these and other man
made materials financed further research.

During the combining it was found the material could be forced through a
flexible, computer controlled slit to produce sheet material of any shape or
form and any degree of hardness or softness. Anything from aircraft panels to
soft furnishings.

But Ralph considered his greatest breakthrough came when isolating protons. He
found when they were combined with an odd number of electrons, a considerable
amount of energy was produced and it only required a very small electrical input
to keep the energy re-creating itself. Soon the team were producing small,
silent engines of great power but incredibly small size. A disused World War II
airfield was purchased and used first to test proton powered cars and then
aircraft. In turn this led to the production of spacecraft only dreamed of by
the scientists at NASA. They had speeds in space of mach 100 or more but were
completely silent. In the earth's atmosphere speeds were necessarily lower but
even so, the craft could encircle the earth at a height of six miles in two
hours. Moreover, they could fly extremely slowly and hover with the only noise
being the sound of the air passing over the deltoid wings.

When environmental groups started nosing at the airfield, Ralph Hanley decided
to move to where no one could see his work. He built two large space craft and
set off for the now defunct multinational spacestation. It would provide
temporary accommodation while he built his own. First he encased the whole of
station in a much larger structure and when that was complete, used the space
craft as tugs to move the station to a position further into space where it
could orbit the earth without coming under too intense scrutiny. A year later,
the space station now called Molly after his late wife, was fully equipped and
the old multinational station dismantled from inside it. The orbit was again
changed so it was largely centred over Great Britain. Observation cameras with
multi channel digital computer enhancement, produced crystal clear pictures of
any part of country and recorded it on his version of DVD disks which held
several thousand times more information. He also sent out spacecraft with
similar camera recording equipment and used them to spy on various parts of the
world. However, his main interest was in England. That is where he was born.
That is where he lived until he moved into the Molly Spacestation. Now at the
age of 72, he was semi-retired. His son James, (Ralph never shortened it to
Jim), carried on where his father left off. Ralph though, was still a strong
force in the organisation. He held strong convictions about the lack of
discipline in his country and abhorred the way the do-gooders and
environmentalists seemed to control what the government could do. He abhorred
the way the police had to pussy-foot around and not be able to touch known
criminals. He abhorred the way some children could get away with a life of crime
without any punishment because they were considered juveniles and therefore not
legally responsible for their actions. Ralph was determined to swing the
pendulum back the other way. His body might not be as active as it was a few
years earlier but his mind was still clear and very sharp. His son, held similar
views and had inherited his father's brain, which at 32, was still combined with
good physical shape.

Ralph's dislike for do-gooders and the justice system was turned to hatred by
the events that surrounded the death of his wife.

She had dropped James at his school and was driving to the lab when she
remembered leaving some documents by her bedside. Ralph had been working all
that night on his latest brainchild so she had read the documents in bed and had
forgotten to return them to her briefcase. As she walked into the utility room
she was confronted by three men obviously intent on burgling the house. One made
a move towards her so she grabbed a broom with the idea of defending herself.
Unfortunately she didn't notice his companion move behind her, pick up a full
wine bottle and hit her on the head. Molly never regained consciousness.

Even at that time, Ralph had set up a video camera system which caught the men
on tape as they both entered and left the house. The police recognised them and
quickly had them under arrest. At their trial a smart lawyer argued that Molly
had ferociously attacked them with a broom and they had feared for their lives.
The unfortunate tap on the head was only meant to calm her down and protect
themselves. They were each sentenced to three months for attempted burglary. The
paltry sentence understandably enraged Ralph who thereafter took every
opportunity to condemn the justice system and those who promoted leniency for
criminals.

*******

Each RH500 hovered above their appointed town and watched on the monitors until
an incident took place, then dropped at an amazing speed to under a hundred feet
above the ground. It let down an air chute tube through which two humans dressed
in metallic blue overall suits, and six robots descended. Of course the sudden
appearance of the space craft startled those below but the trouble makers had
already been selected and there was no time to run away. The humans immediately
used silent stun guns to immobilise them and the robots carried the unconscious
criminals back to the air tube. In seconds, the spacecraft were returning to the
station. Those folk remaining at the scene would hardly believe it had happened.
Something out of X files? Or a dream.




Chapter 2. The punishments

Fifty-one people, 15 females and 36 males, ranging in ages from 10 years to 35,
lay on the floor of the main hall in the spacestation. Their wrists were
fastened behind their backs with a special tie that needed a key to unlock. They
were naked apart from a hospital type gown that had been thrown over their
shoulders. A few were beginning to waken. James with his personal robot at his
side, stood at the front waiting for all to become aware of their surroundings.
The other pilots and their robos lined the other three sides of the room. At
James' signal the robots methodically moved the captives into lines and had them
kneel so each was sitting on their heels and facing the front. At first a few
protested loudly but were quickly silenced with a gag and a few strokes of a
strap wielded by one of the robos. One big brute of a man, 'Bulldog, tried to
fight off a robo but soon found their grip was far more powerful than his own.
His fists were useless against the titanium reinforced plastic of a robo's
'flesh'.

"Ladies and gentlemen," began James as he formally addressed the captives, "You
will, I'm sure, want to know where you are, why you are here and what is going
to happen to you." James went on to explain their whereabouts although few
believed him and when told why they were there, some protested their innocence.
When told of their impending punishments, for a while there was uproar. Many
more professed innocence, others demanded to see their brief or to be allowed a
phone call. Quickly the robos restored order.

******

Kate Wiley and her camera operator, Jayne Felsom were in Brixton interviewing
bystanders for the 24 Hour Newschannel. The stories varied but the recurring
theme was of blue aliens arriving out of the sky, hypnotizing and carting people
away. Only a few mentioned the trouble and fighting before the Bluemen and
robots arrived. Confused, the pair finished filming and packed their gear. "Do
you really believe this blue alien stuff?" Jayne asked her partner.

"No, but we are getting reports that it has happened in other parts of the
country too." They returned to the flat they shared near the news studios and
prepared for bed. It had been a long night and they were tired, almost too tired
to cuddle each other as they lay naked beneath the sheets. They were more than a
news team, they were lovers. Kate, a natural vivacious blonde tiredly pulled the
plainer featured Jayne to her breast and allowed her to suckle on a nipple
before they both fell asleep.

The phone rang. "Dammit," yelled Kate, "Can't they let us sleep!" They knew only
the studio and a few personal friends had their flat phone number. "Yes!" Kate
growled into the phone.

"Kate? You won't know me but I am one of the Bluemen. We are not aliens but we
are living in space and we have abducted a number of people who were causing
trouble last evening and are holding them captive awaiting punishment. Would you
and your camera woman like to see and film the true story?"

"Look, even if I believed you, we are tired. We've worked over 23 hours
straight. I don't know how you got our number but we've no time for tom fool
pranks."

"Okay Kate. You don't believe me now but in a few minutes you will!"

"Who was that?" Jayne asked sleepily.

"He said he was one of the Bluemen."

"Another crackpot! Come here and give me another cuddle." Jayne reached over and
pulled her friend to her. They slept for another 35 minutes.

Ding-dong. Ding-dong. The door bell rang and was immediately followed by the
door opening to the extent of the security chain. Snick. The chain was cut and
two Bluemen stepped inside followed by two robos. Actually one of the Bluemen
was a woman which her well fitted suit revealed. The management liked to have
male and female partnerships on space ships because they tended to form intimate
bondings that kept the pair together and made for a better working relationship.
Robert Frenshaw and Marjorie Jennings was just such a couple. They had been
together as a team for over a year and had known each other for much longer. Had
they been leading a more normal lifestyle on earth, they would have married and
had a family by now. On the space station, Robert had his monthly shot to keep
his sperm sterile but otherwise they had a normal sex life.

Marjorie lifted the visor that covered her face. "Please get dressed and pick up
your recording gear. You are coming with us. Then you will believe."

The frightened girls pulled the bedclothes tightly to their bodies. "Please go
away," screamed Jayne, but any further comment was stifled by one of the robos
ripping the sheets from her body and lifting her out of bed and into the shower
room. Kate was likewise dumped in the shower. Robert had little time to admire
the bodies of the two naked women particularly the luscious Kate but he felt his
cock rise inside his suit. There was no time for that now though. Marjorie
turned on the cold water which soon brought the two girls fully awake. A few
minutes later she turned the water off and threw them towels. "Now please get
dressed and get your recording gear."

Jayne and Kate dried themselves under the watchful, if insensitive, 'eyes' of
the two robos and Robert whose eyes were much more lustful. They dressed, picked
up the necessary gear and were lead outside. Robert suggested Jayne allow Robo
Henry carry the heavy video camera which after expressing some misgivings and
receiving reassurances, she agreed to especially as she was extremely tired
after the long day yesterday and the short night. Kate enquired if all the
robots had names and was told, yes and each of the Bluemen had their own
personal ones although they were often used by others. Each had their own little
idiosyncrasies and foibles even though technically identical.

Marjorie radioed to her space craft and the co-pilot and navigator dropped the
craft from its holding position to within a few feet of the roof-tops and
lowered the air chute. Minutes later they were docked inside the Molly
Spacestation. Robert went to see what was happening with the prisoners and
returned to say, "Only a few have woken up so we have chance to show you around
the station first."

"Can I use the loo?" asked Jayne, "You do have such things up here?"

"Yes, but you may be in for a bit of shock," laughed Marjorie, "Everything is
very open plan."

The guests were lead to a spacious room with  a rows of toilets, urinals,
showers, baths and washbasins. All open and on view. No cubicles, no curtains.
Everything though was clinically clean. Seeing their rather shocked expressions,
Marjorie continued to laugh as she said, "Its okay, you get used to it and we've
all seen each other often enough and its easier to keep clean and keeps the
weight of the space station down. Marjorie opened her suit and slipped the
bottom all the way down, showing she wore nothing underneath, and plonked
herself on one of the loos. Robert walked to a urinal and peed. Kate and Jayne
thought "What the hell, when in Rome etc...", lowered their trousers and
knickers and sat down too.

They had hardly started to pee when in came three robos each carrying one of the
prisoners, still with their wrists tied and their upper bodies covered with
hospital gowns. Each was deposited on a toilet. A Blueman followed them in, "Do
what you have to now, it may be a while before you get another chance." Kate
noticed one was a young girl of about 19 and when she finished the robot wiped
her dry with tissue.

Robert introduced George, the Blueman, before they continued their tour. Jayne
shouldered her camera and started filming. "You don't mind if I film any of
this, do you?"

"Go ahead," Marjorie replied, "I don't think there is anything you won't be
allowed to film. Kate, you might like to do a commentary as we go along and
Robert and I will try and answer any questions. I can get Communications to link
you directly to your studio so they too can see everything as it happens and
broadcast it straight away or when they see fit." Minutes later a robot brought
a small box and Marjorie plugged in into Jayne's camera. "It will send the
pictures and commentary direct to Earth now," she informed them.

One of their first thrills was to look from an observation window and see the
earth in all its roundness. Something only astronauts normally see but as funds
had been withheld from the space exploration programme, it had been some years
since any human had been in space. Kate wondered how on earth they managed to
get here in ordinary clothing when astronauts had to wear special suits but
didn't get time to ask before they were whisked on to the next place.

Arriving at the main hall, they found the prisoners were now all awake and
sitting in formal rows. James stood at the front with his father sitting close
by.

"Ladies and gentlemen," James started, "May I introduce Kate Wiley and her
camera operator, Jayne Felsom, Some of you may recognise Kate from her
interviews on the 24 Hour Newschannel. They will be reporting on the events that
will happen here in the next few hours." He turned to Jayne, "Have you been
informed that you may film anything you wish and Kate, you may interview anyone
here provided it doesn't interrupt any of the proceedings." Both nodded, yes. "I
am sorry some are gagged at the moment, their mouths were bigger than their
minds."

Turning to the kneeling figures, James began his well rehearsed spiel. "You will
want to know where you are, why you are here, what is going to happen to you and
when you are going to return home. First you are on the Molly Spacestation about
one thousand miles above Earth. Why you are here is a question that requires a
longer answer but in essence it because you have all committed crimes of
violence, crimes the police in Britain seem unable to deal with effectively. We
are going to redress that by returning to traditional punishment methods that
were found effective in the 18th and 19th centuries. That is corporal
punishment. You will all receive one or more thrashings." At this there was an
outcry from many of the prisoners but the robos soon had them sitting back in
their places.

"That was banned years ago!" "Its illegal!" "That's inhuman!" The last remark
was from a big youth of 20 with tattooed arms and a shaved head. A large screen
behind James lit up showing this same man, punching a much smaller youth until
the lad lay bleeding on the ground.

"Is that not inhuman too?" enquired James. "This is not a court of law,"
continued James, "We do not have to find you guilty or reach a verdict or hear
arguments from clever lawyers. You are all guilty and we have pictures like this
of all of you. Yes, the punishments you are to receive are illegal in most parts
of the world but that is a long way away and you are no longer there. You come
under our jurisdiction. We have decided to make a stand and punish you in a way
that you will understand. It will be swift and very painful. It will be
memorable! And we are hoping that Kate and Jayne will relay pictures of the
punishments back to their studio. Then they can be transmitted all around the
world as an example to others. We hope this will act as a deterrent so that
ordinary people will be able to go out at night or just sleep peaceably in their
beds without fear of being hurt."

"Now to your punishments. The standard punishment will be twelve strokes of the
cane applied by one of the robos to your bare backside. A force setting of
'hard' will be used which should raise painful stripes that will be visible for
about a month but shouldn't leave permanent scars. For the young boys we may
reduce the setting to 'medium' and for any recalcitrant prisoners we can
increase the setting to 'full force' which may cause bleeding and scarring. We
will not do this unless there is strong provocation. Extra strokes may be added
or the number reduced as we deem necessary. While you were unconscious, a doctor
examined you and we have taken blood and at the moment, tests are being carried
out on the samples. All tests will be complete by the end of the punishment
time."

"You will all witness each other being punished while the screen shows why the
punishment is carried out. Afterwards you will be taken in groups to the showers
and then to the no gravity room where you will be able to rest without having to
lie on a bed. Tomorrow most of you will taken back to Earth naked and put on
display in a public place for one hour until your time controlled bonding is
released. Your ordinary clothes and other items you had will be left beside you
except for drugs and offensive weapons. These have already been destroyed."

"However, twelve of you will be kept for further month for special training.
Those we have chosen for this training are over 16 years old and are persistent
offenders. We have been able to access all your records, official and unofficial
so we know a great deal about you already."

There was a general murmur throughout the hall but with the most vociferous
already gagged and the others being aware any outburst might cause further
punishment, this was limited to low muttering and sobbing from a few of the
girls and the two young boys. One girl sat up and spoke, "Sir, will we be able
to plead mitigating circumstances and try to get our punishments reduced?"

"Were your victims allowed that luxury?" countered James. "Now let us get this
over with. You have been allocated a number with corresponds with the track
number on the video disk of your offense. It is a code number the robos
understand. The numbers are in random order more or less as we compiled them. We
know your names  and have the phone numbers of most of your parents or guardians
but a few we still need. If you are one of them or you wish us to contact
someone else, please state their name and other details we ask for clearly. We
will be contacting them to let them know where you are and when and where they
can pick you up tomorrow."

Two plastic reinforced trestles stood at the front of the hall. Simple in design
but very functional. At a command from James, two robos picked up the first two
youths and carried them like babies to the trestles. Both were 16 year olds who
had beaten two younger boys into giving them money for drugs. The screen showed
the pair of them punching and kicking the boys into submission. The robos
quickly clipped the youth's ankles in the stirrups then, pulling the gown up
held each boy down of the trestle by simply pressing on their shoulders. Both
boys were screaming now and yelling obscenities at James and the robos. James
ignored them, the robos were not programmed to receive their wavelengths so were
totally deaf to their pleas.

All the rest of the group stared at the two bare arses and the cocks and balls
swinging free as the boys struggled against the robos grip. Two more robos
appeared each with two artificial 'rattan' canes, one in each 'hand'. They
positioned themselves to the left side of their victims. "Six with each. Hard.
10 seconds." James gave the order. Immediately each robo scanned the target
area, the fleshy area from the crease at the top of the thighs to a little below
the spine, and divided it into twelve equal spaces. Slightly out of
synchronization, the two robos lifted the cane in the right hand and brought it
down on the lower part of the target areas. One boy let out a piecing scream,
the other tried to remain silent. A livid red stripe appeared on each arse. Ten
seconds later, the robos raised their canes again and brought them down on the
target areas a little above the previous one. Another painful red stripe.

By now the onlookers were either crying or looking very worried. They knew their
turn would come sooner or later. A few tried to run away but there was nowhere
to run to and the robos quickly restrained them. Jayne tried to hold her camera
steady but with her whole body was shaking, it was not an easy task. Never
before had she had to film anything like this. Despite the fact that nudity was
now a common feature on television, she doubted if the film would ever be shown
without at least the boys cocks and balls being blurred over. Kate could only
stutter a commentary.

The caning continued methodically, each stroke being delivered at precisely 10
second intervals. When each arse had received six strokes the robos changed
sides and canes and delivered the next six from the right side of each boy. The
stripes were placed with computer generated laser controlled precision between
those already delivered. Both boys were now screaming and sobbing
uncontrollably. At the completion of the caning, robos freed the boys from the
trestles and returned them face down to their places on the hall floor.

Two more were selected. This time a huge hulk of a man aged 21. Short haircut,
tattoos and well muscled. The gown hardly came down to his waist so his large
cock was very visible especially as it was half hard. The sight of the previous
boys caning had stimulated as well as horrifying him. His huge frame and
demeanor had meant that few had challenged him and his previous fights had
brought him little pain. He was a powerful fellow but no match for the hydraulic
powered servos of the robos. They carried him child-like to a trestle, fastened
his ankles and pressed his shoulders down. He had previously been gagged for his
verbal interruptions and obscenities and this was now removed. Once again a
torrent of abuse and invective came forth but this was ignored although it
helped to heighten the horror of the atmosphere.

Another robo carried a girl to the second trestle and fastened her down. Sarah
was about 17 with dyed green hair and a stud in her nose. Her crime was to force
younger girls into prostitution. If they didn't agree, they had their faces and
breasts slashed. The same instruction was given to the caning robos. The
onlookers were however much surprised by the fortitude of the girl and the noise
made by the male. Some of the male onlookers became horny and erect at the sight
of the girls cunt so openly on display and both Jayne and Kate felt moistness
between their thighs, Jayne particularly as she viewed the girls cunt in
close-up through the view finder. She would have liked to have kissed the sore
arse and tongued the tender cunt but her professionalism kept her filming. At
the end of the punishment both were carried and laid down on the floor. Both
openly crying. The remaining girls sat horrified. They now knew beyond all doubt
there would be no leniency because of their sex. They would be subject to the
same punishment as the men.

The canings continued until about halfway through a tiny girl with a fiery
personality was called up. Sheila Simkins, at 18 years old was still only 4 ft
11 inches tall and small framed but she was one big bundle of hell. All her life
she'd had to fight with a fierceness that overcame her physical size. Her mother
was a drunkard and chain smoker which may have accounted for Sheila's small
size. She never knew her father. Having been involved in many crimes and seen by
psychiatrists and counselors, all without having the least effect, she carried
her life of crime. On screen pictures showed her attacking a pensioner who had
refused to release her handbag. The old lady ended up in hospital with a cut
face and multiple bruises.

Seeing the robo about to grab her she bounced up and racing between other robos,
she threw herself at James, kicking him with her bare feet. Unfortunately, the
wrist restraints didn't help her balance and she slipped over but even on the
floor she was able to trip James and aim a kick at his crotch which luckily
didn't connect with any real force. Robos quickly grabbed her and she too was
positioned over the trestle alongside another rather timid girl. The screen
showed her first helping a boy rob a coloured man but then restraining the boy
from causing further injury to the man. Her boy partner had already received his
caning and was lying on the floor.

James ordered the usual six and six strokes for Sheila but for Mary, the timid
girl, for the first time that session reduced the number to four and four for
trying to save the coloured man. Even so Mary was soon screaming and sobbing.
Sheila though took her punishment without showing too much emotion. The robo
finished his caning of her but she was not released as had been all the others.
James himself, took the cane, "Sorry my little Spitfire, I cannot cane with the
precision of the robots but nevertheless I will cross their stripes with a few
of my own. Your outburst is not going unpunished."

He laid four more strokes diagonally across those already there. These did
bring, "AAAAWWWWHHH!! You bastard," from Sheila. She was sobbing as the robot
returned her to the floor but wasn't otherwise complaining. "Tough little
bitch," thought James as he watched her being carried back.

It was another hour before the canings were finished. The torment of those
awaiting their turn was only matched by the pain of those lying on the floor
unable to touch their tender arses. Eventually it was all over and the robos
selected twelve and placed them apart from the others. The remainder were
released from their bonds and taken to the toilet room and then to gravity free
room and were allowed to float free. However, they also found it was not too
easy to massage their buttocks when floating freely in space. Some of the men's
cocks became hard when they found they were in a comparatively confined space
with nine near naked females. Mary linked up with her boyfriend Brian, and
holding themselves closely together were able to massage each other. They were
past caring to notice if any others were watching and when Brian's erection
started to penetrate her cunt she actively tried to encourage him despite the
difficulties of staying in one place and pain from the caning.

James' voice came over the intercom, "You are going to remain in here for two
hours and then you will be given breakfast. Afterwards the doctor will examine
you before we return you here again for a further rest period until about four
o'clock. You will then be returned to Earth where, as I told you earlier, you
with your caning stripes will be put on public display for one hour. Then you
will be released and be free to return to your homes. We want the public, and
others like you, to know how similar behaviour will be treated in the future. It
may take several sessions like this before the message gets through, but I am
sure in the end, we can reduce this sort of violent crime and can then turn our
attention to things like petty theft and minor crimes. One positive thing you
may not realise about this form of punishment is that there is no police record
of it. You committed a crime, you have been punished and that's the end of it.
You will be watched in future and if you are brought here again you can expect
double the caning given twice. In other words most of you would have 24 strokes
of the cane and then a few days later another 24."

Kate's boss in the newsroom decided to broadcast live when Sheila was receiving
her punishment and this was transmitted throughout Britain although there would
not be too many viewers at that time of night. An hour later a more in depth
report went out as newsroom editors put together an edited version of the
material that had been sent over the previous couple of hours and this was again
shown on breakfast time news which brought the first news of it to most members
of the public. As expected it brought forth cries of torture and inhuman
activity from vociferous human rights groups but, more surprisingly, provoked a
huge backlash from the general public who were fed up with listening to the
'softies' and being fearful to go on the streets alone for fear of injury. For
them, the goings on at the Molly Spacestation were to be praised and encouraged,
not condemned.

The wrists of the six girls and six boys that remained in the hall were
released. At last they were able to rub their tender rears. They were strangely
silent apart from emitting the obvious cries of pain. All were in the 18 to 22
age group, all were loners, all had little or no home life. Sheila was in this
group. After visiting the toilets where not even the girls wanted to sit down
they were lead to a bedroom area alongside the toilet room and part of the same
open space. The area had twelve single beds with just a small walk space between
them.

James accompanied the group. "This will be your home for the next month. Part of
your training will be to learn to live together and to work as a team. Failures
will be punished, usually with a strap for minor infringements but the cane will
be reserved for more serious misdemeanors. I doubt if any of you will wish that.
For the rest of today you will be free to wander around this area, the hall and
the observational deck or you can sleep or talk or massage each other. You can
use the baths or showers. We will not even object to you pairing off and making
love if that is what you wish but rape will not be tolerated. Tomorrow all the
men will be given a injection which will immediately make their sperm sterile
for about six weeks so no sex until then. We use the same injections every month
for the male staff here so we know they are effective. Ladies, once they have
the injection you need have no fear of pregnancy from them. What you do and say
will be monitored all the time. There is no privacy here. That is one of the
things you have forfeited. I have the little room on your left which has a two
way mirror and video monitors so I can see what you are doing but you cannot see
me. At the other end is Rachel's room where she has the same observational
facilities. Either she or I will be on duty at night. Along the other side there
are the crew's rooms. All of these rooms and mine and Rachel's are out of bounds
to you. Our rooms are electronically protected and there are robos around that
are always at our command. Unlike us, they do not sleep. Breakfast will be in
one hour. You will eat with the staff in the cafeteria. I think that's all for
now, we'll have a longer chat session after you've eaten."




Chapter 3. Spitfire's first day

Kate and Jayne were very weary. They had very little sleep, had been filming,
had witnessed some very unpleasant acts some of which had stimulated them but
now they were just dead tired. Marjorie took them to one of the side rooms with
a bed and allowed them to sleep. "Nothing much will happen until late this
afternoon but I will wake you around 1 o'clock and see if you would like lunch.
And don't worry, no one here will condemn you for loving each other." The pair
were too tired to undress and just fell asleep on top of the bed and wrapped in
each others arms.

Robert and Marjorie had their own rooms but generally they lived and slept in
Robert's. They had been at work all night and now they were off duty. Stripping
off their blue suits they walked naked to the showers and started soaping each
other. John and Jackie, the two 'Jays' from the same space ship appeared a
minute or two later and took the adjacent shower. Some of the captives wandered
in and watched from a discreet distance. Jackie asked John if the sight of the
captives being caned had made him horny. The answer was obvious from his hard
throbbing cock. He rammed it into her moist cunt and started pounding away "Does
that answer your question?" he responded.

Robert had had a session with Marjorie before they went for a shower but even so
his prick started to rise while watching his neighbours performing. Both he and
Marjorie were pretty much whacked. Seeing Sheila watching Marjorie called out,
"Hey, Spitfire, you can shower too if you wish. It might ease some of the fire
in your bum."

"They didn't give us towels," replied Sheila coming closer.

"Don't need them here. The air dryers are just over there. Come on in I'll show
you how to use the showers and things then you can show the others." Marjorie
broke away from Robert when Sheila  came over. Sheila took her gown off and
Marjorie showed her how to use the shower and dryers. Unfortunately, Sheila
could barely reach the controls so that when she stretched it sent shocking
pains through her arse. Marjorie helped her and altered the position of the
shower head. All this was too much for the small girl. The pain, the humiliation
that had been bottled up inside her came out as a flood of tears. She sobbed and
sobbed. Marjorie pulled the girl close to her and held her tightly then,
kneeling down she kissed the crying girl fully on the mouth. Her ample breasts
pressed tightly against those of the younger girl. "Rob, you go and dry off,
I'll be with you in a while," she said. The two Jays finished their fuck and
also moved to the dryer. Sheila continued to cry but gradually the sobs because
less pronounced and finally stopped.

Carefully, Marjorie washed her small charge. "My God," she said, "I hope I never
have to take a thrashing like that." The weals now stood well proud of the
surface and had turned a colourful hue.

"That bastard James is very cruel. I hate his guts. I'd just love to get his on
one of these stools," Sheila sobbed.

"No, you have him wrong. He is not cruel but he and his father have a thing
about do-gooders and violence. He really believes that he is being kind to you
and that you will appreciate it later in life."

"How can thrashing people like that be bloody kind?"

"How can what you did to that old lady be kind?" countered Marjorie. They moved
to the dryer, now watched by more of the captives. Whilst they were drying she
hugged the girl. Afterwards Sheila still couldn't figure out how being so cruel
was being kind but she felt as if she had a friend in Marjorie.

"Put your gown on and I will pick you up and take you to breakfast in about a
quarter of an hour. You'll find the staff here don't wear very much when we're
off duty so you don't worry about not being covered...... And show those boys
how to work the shower. They sure do need it!"

Sheila did as she requested noting as she did so how colourful all their arses
were and how most of them were half hard. Did she do that or was it just the
warmth from the caning? At the moment she had no such feelings. Only soreness
and pain everytime she moved. The other girls were lying face down on the beds
and so she suggested that a shower was a good idea for them too. It did seem to
ease the soreness a little. Gina, an 18 year old red head, groaned and said she
didn't think she could ever move that far. The pain was too humongus. "We're
being taken to breakfast in a few minutes so you are going to have to move
then," Sheila replied, but that was only greeted with another loud groan and
more tears.

Marjorie kept her promise and took her and most of the others to the canteen. It
was up a flight of stairs which she said was quicker than walking along the
corridor to the lift and then back again but all the group found climbing
particularly taxing. No one commented about their standing to eat and the food
was unexpectedly good. Sheila rarely had breakfast, rarely was there any food in
the house anyway. She noticed Marjorie was correct in saying the off-duty staff
didn't bother too much with clothing. Most only wore a nightshirt type garment,
although they were more decorative than the gown she and the captives wore. Even
the men wore a smock type garment often hardly hiding their private parts.

James came to Sheila. "Morning, Spitfire. Are you beginning to find your way
around here?"

"Morning Sir. Yes thank you." Sheila thought she needed to be extra polite just
in case.

"You can call me James, like everyone else and feel free to talk and to ask
questions of me or any others on the staff. Despite last night, we are here to
help you. Just don't think of being abusive or disruptive."

"Thank you Sir... James." Her mind though said, "You rotten fucking bastard!"

"Marjorie seems to be looking after you and showing you around. Do you find her
okay?"

"Yes, thank you. She is very nice."

"And I'm just the cruel old bat that thrashes hell out of you eh?" laughed
James.

Sheila didn't answer that but asked why he called her Spitfire. James spent a
few moments reminiscing on the World War II fighter plane ending up with "It was
only a small plane but it had a lot of guts and firepower and without it we
wouldn't have won the war. Wear your nickname with pride young lady." Again it
would take a while before she would fully understand his meaning.

"James?" Sheila decided she wasn't going to be in awe of him and might well be
able to wheedle a few concessions from him with a bit of careful talk. She was
good at that at least. "Will the doctor be giving us anything to ease this
terrible pain? It is so difficult to walk and we cannot sit down and in fact it
is difficult to think of anything else. The pain is really bad."

"I'm sorry, Spitfire. For today at least you will all have to put up with it.
That was the object of the caning. If the pain goes away quickly then you are
less likely to remember it."

"But James, in the olden days you are trying to recreate, didn't they use goose
fat and other herbs to try and ease the suffering after a caning? They may not
have been as effective as modern drugs but at least they tried to help. The
others, the ones who are being taken back this afternoon, they will get some
form of pain relief when they get back. Why not us?" James was surprised by her
boldness.

"You have a clever way with words too, Spitfire, but for now I am going to keep
to my decision but I will think about what you have said. Now find your fellow
captives or 'guests' as I will call them now, and get them into the bedroom in
20 minutes."

******

James sat on a bed while the twelve reluctantly stood around him. They were an
odd assortment. Gina had already seemed to be paired of with Clive, who was a
gangly youth addicted to soft drugs. At the moment the pain from his caning
overrode his drug need but soon that situation would be reversed. James repeated
his sermon on the way they were expected to behave during their stay and
emphasised how they were to work together and try to live in harmony. He
explained too that although today was a free day when they could just wander
around and do nothing, from tomorrow they would be given tasks, "....and for the
first week they will be mainly menial ones, to help keep the Molly Spacestation
clean. After that we will see what training we can give you. Lunch is at 1
o'clock, dinner at 6. A do-it-yourself bar will open about 9 p.m. but that is
for soft drinks or tea, hot chocolate and similar drinks. A machine for
dispensing hot drinks is available in the entrance hall to the cafeteria. You
may use it at any time. There is no alcohol on this station at all. It is the
same for the staff here. In fact you will largely be treated as staff or perhaps
'guests' would be more appropriate. Unwilling guests maybe, but you will be
treated as such by the staff," he added. "No money is required for anything so
you do not have to worry on that account."

"You have all found out how to use the showering facilities and no doubt found
they provided a little temporary relief to your buttocks. Today, you may use
them as often as you wish. From tomorrow you will be able to use them at any
time you are not working. However, Spitfire here requested we provide some pain
relief for you. She argued strongly and quite cleverly for some salve or pills.
Although at first I thought the punishment should be just that and the pain
given should run its full course, I agreed to consider her request. Having
spoken with the doctor I have agreed that before you go to bed tonight, he will
spray your bottoms with an antiseptic, painkilling spray that should be
effective through to the morning so you may get a little sleep tonight."

*******

Jayne woke around noon with a full bladder. She slithered quietly from under the
still sleeping Kate, smoothed her crumpled clothes and headed wearily to the
toilet block. She wasn't sure she liked the idea of these very public toilets
but she had to go. One of the captives was peeing at a urinal and a couple were
showering. Jayne ignored them, lowered her pants and did what she had to. The
girl they seemed to call Spitfire passed by. "Morning," the girl said.

"Morning," Jayne responded, "Is it still morning? Have I missed breakfast?"

"Well morning is more or less over and breakfast is all over. Lunch is in a
hour. The cafeteria place is sort of above us here and there is a proper coffee
machine up there which seems to be on all the time."

"Your Sheila aren't you?"

"Yeah, but I seemed to be called Spitfire here." Jayne enquired about her sore
bum and was surprised and stimulated when Sheila turned and bent over and showed
it to her. Jayne would have dearly liked to have kissed it and fondled the tiny
cunt that nestled within. They chatted for a few more minutes and Sheila offered
to get coffee and show her how to use the showers. "I'll bring two, one for your
girlfriend," she said. With short, mincing steps she walked off.

Returning with the coffees Sheila waited at the door to the news reporters room
until invited in. It was small but nicely furnished. Kate was awake and looking
at a pair of monitors that showed the areas outside the room, including the
toilet area. "She's waiting until the toilet room is empty," laughed Jayne.

"I look like a tramp in these creased clothes," Kate said, "Hope you don't want
to film me like this."

"I could ask if there are facilities for pressing them while you shower.
Rachel's in her room, I think," offered Sheila.

Rachel considered the request for a few moments and then went to a console and
ordered robo 'Charles' from the store. It appeared a minute later, looking a bit
grubbier than most of the other robos that were around. Taking Sheila's hand,
Rachel pushed her thumb on a panel whilst pressing a few control buttons. "Okay
Spitfire, this is Charles. He will now obey a limited range of commands from you
and will take you to the laundry room. Without him you will not be able to get
through the elevator screen or out of the designated areas."

The robot was bigger than the small woman. At first she was apprehensive. She
had already found how powerful these robos were. Rachel smiled. "Don't worry, he
won't do anything he is not told to do. Treat him like a pet if you like. I have
only programmed him to accept a certain range of commands from you so you can't
use him to hurt anyone or try and break into a space craft but he will fetch and
carry for you and even carry you. Just give him easily understood commands to
start with until you get used to each other." Sheila commanded Charles to follow
her. Somewhat to her surprise and the astonishment of her fellow inmates,
Charles did exactly that.

Arriving at the girls room she excitedly exclaimed, "Look what I've got! A pet
robot. He's called Charles and he will take me to the laundry room. There is
someone there who will see to your clothes."

Jayne was already part undressed and getting ready to shower. Kate was more
hesitant. Sheila noticed this. Don't worry about being naked. Everyone here
either has nothing on or, like me, very little. Just give me your clothes and I
will show you the showers." She watched the pair as they undressed. Kate
certainly had a beautiful body. Jayne's was nice too but didn't have the same
aura of sexual glamour. "If you stare at us much longer your eyes will pop out!"
Jayne chided.

"Sorry." Sheila blushed. She wasn't used to seeing beautiful women naked.
Today's events were almost overwhelming her.

"Don't be. We don't mind women looking at us, but if you're not careful we may
have you in bed with us." The prospect was not completely off putting to Sheila
but she just muttered that she better show them the showers and take their
clothes.

"Any towels?" Kate enquired.

"You don't need them. There are air dryers. You just stand under them and warm
air blows you dry. Nice feeling too when the air blows up the inside of your
legs. Even with a sore arse!"

Sheila showed them the shower are dryer controls and then ordered Charles to
take her to the laundry room. "Eeeekk!" Her squeal seemed to resound around the
room causing everyone to look at her. Charles had picked her up and was carrying
her to an exit door. It wasn't quite what she intended but she realized he was
only doing what she had ordered. "What the hell," she thought, "Its easier than
walking!"

Charles took her along corridors, into a lift which went down three levels and
then back along a maze of passageways. They came to a flight of stairs which
Charles descended. Sheila wondered how he moved so easily. He didn't have legs,
or wheels or even a caterpillar tracking system, yet he was able to flow over
any terrain and up and down stairs with ease. Her thoughts were brought to an
abrupt halt when they entered a room in the centre of which stood a buxom
elderly woman folding clothing into plastic trays.

"Well, what have we here? Don't get many visitors in this part of the station.
You must be one of the 'guests' and by the look of things I would guess you are
the one they call Spitfire. The one who tried to kick Mr. James." She had a
merry twinkle in her eyes and as she spoke a smile spread over her face. "I'm
Bertha, the laundry lady." She held out her hand but with Charles holding her
and having clothing in her lap, Sheila couldn't respond.

"Put me down Charles." He did just that. Her sore arse landed rather heavily on
the floor. "Bugger you, Charles," she swore, "Have I always got to be so very
specific in my instructions?" She struggled painfully to her feet.

"Not many fall at my feet like that dear," Bertha chortled. Sheila found the
humour infectious and stretched out her hand to the woman. They shook hands and
Bertha gave the girl a hug. "Welcome, Spitfire. If you want I can tell you
something about these robos." Sheila nodded. "The were designed by men, mostly
Ralph and his son, who have rather old fashioned ideas of courtesy. Somehow they
programmed them to respond kindly to the words please and thank you. If you just
give them an order, they think it is just that and they do exactly as requested.
If you had said, 'please put me down,' he (and all the robos are he's) would
probably have thought it a request and put you gently to the floor."

"Please pick me up Charles." Charles gently lifted her in his arms. "Please put
me down." Charles allowed her to slide slowly to the floor." "Thank you
Charles." She turned to Bertha, "Thanks for your help. My journeys may not be so
painful in future."

"Treat him like a pet dear and he will respond to you all the better. But you
haven't been sent to me to gab. Whose clothes are those?" Sheila explained her
mission. "They will take about 20 minutes, do you want to wait?"

"I'd like to but the ladies will want to know what is happening. But I would
like to talk to you more. Perhaps find out how you came to be out here. I
expected everyone to be young whiz-kid astronauts."

"Not an old lady like me eh?" She laughed out loud. "Look dear, why don't you
come back here after 3 o'clock. You can pick up the clean gowns for your group
and it'll be near the end of my working day so I can sit and chat or we can go
to my room if that's allowed. Off you go now and remember your please and thank
you's. See you in about 20 minutes."

Charles whisked her back to the toilet area.

******

"Go away you randy runt!" Sheila arrived to find Horny Harry standing in front
of the two showering women wanking his cock and making obscene remarks. His name
was really Harold Welner but it seemed that his cock was almost permanently
erect, certainly from the stimulation of seeing the naked and near naked girls
around him.

"Get him out of here please, Spitfire," Kate yelled.

Sheila stood in front of the lad. He was well built and towered above the girl.
"Move yourself Horny. You're disturbing the ladies." As if to emphasise her
words she brought her fists up to her chest as though preparing for a fight.

"You wouldn't dare to hit me in case they cane your arse again, so you don't
frighten me none."

"You may be right," she said carefully, "But I can get Charles to take you to
the punishment room and get his mates to repeat the thrashing they gave you last
night." Sheila was by no means certain that Charles would respond to that sort
of order but Horny Harry might not call her bluff.

"Naw, yer wouldn't dare and he won't take any notice of you anyways."

"Charles, Please take hold of Harry." Charles did so. Harry struggled but was
unable to free himself from the robo's vice-like grip. "Harry, I am going to get
Charles to take you to the punishment room and put you on one of the trestles.
After I have talked with the ladies and see what they want done with you, we
will see James to get it carried out. If by the time lunch is served, you are
still there, you can assume the ladies do not want to have you punished further
and you may go and eat. If other robos come for you then you will know you are
in real trouble."

"No, please, I didn't mean any harm. I can't help it if naked women make me want
to fuck them."

"So you would scare the shit out of them so you can get your jollies? No, we
will decide your fate now. Charles, please take Harry and lay him on one of the
punishment trestles. Wait two minutes to see he doesn't move and then come back
here. Thank you."

Sheila started giggling when Charles had disappeared and it wasn't long before
the ladies joined in too. "Are you really going to have him caned again?" asked
Jayne.

"No, of course not. But he doesn't know that."

"And with the reputation you've built up he will probably be expecting it," Kate
added, "You are really cruel, you are!"

Bertha had the guests clothes ready when Sheila returned and the ladies dressed.
They sat while Sheila stood and gossiped for the few minutes until 1 o'clock.
Each found out a little about the other and a bond began to form between them.
"You must visit us when you get back," Jayne said. "Maybe you'll be invited back
here before then," Sheila replied.

"Charles, please carry me and escort the ladies to lunch." Sheila felt quite
smug as she was carried up the stairs passed her fellow inmates whose pained
expressions showed that climbing still wasn't the easiest of tasks. A queue had
formed and the three took their places. James and Ralph were near the front and
Ralph had noted their arrival. He motioned to them. Sheila pushed the ladies
forward, whispering, "It looks as if James and his father want to talk to you."
She remained behind until she had picked up her lunch and was standing at a
table nibbling her food. Charles tapped on the shoulder and indicated she should
go over to James table.

Ralph greeted her, "Well young lady, you seem to have had an adventurous
morning. How do you like it here now?"

"It would be fine if I didn't have a sore behind, Mr. Ralph."

"How did you get hold of Charles?" He ran his hand somewhat lovingly over the
robot.

"Rachel gave him to me to go to the laundry, Mr. Ralph."

"I can tell you have been talking to Bertha. She's one of the few who still use
the Mr. Ralph terminology. Still it is nice to see Charles is still capable of
doing a good days work. Do you know he was the last one I made? He was my finest
creation. Now he is somewhat old technology and like me not so fast or as agile
as those who came after. James and his team have designed and built the others
you see around but I still have a fondness for Charles. Looks as if he has been
in storage for too long. You need to give him a good clean up and polish. He'll
take you to where the stuff is kept.

"I do like him Mr. Ralph and he has made it so much easier for me to get around
and this afternoon I have to get the laundry for the group from Bertha." She
wanted to make it sound as if it was essential she had Charles. "I'll certainly
clean him up this afternoon."

"Has Horny Harry come into lunch yet?" enquired James. The girls laughed. They
had obviously told the story.

"I'm sorry, I don't know. I think he would have kept out of my way if he had."

Kate looked round and spotted him on the far side of the canteen. "You really
had him worried for a while," she said.

"He had us more than worried! Jayne added, "Thanks again for what you did."

"Spitfire, would you mind running along now? I want to discus this afternoon's
arrangements with the ladies and their return to Earth. Thank you for your
company." James indicated she should leave them.

The courtesy with which the group treated her had its effect on Sheila too.
"Thank you all for the company," Sheila replied shaking hands with the men.
"Thank you Mr. Ralph for letting me have Charles. I sure will look after him."
She hugged Jayne and Kate. "I hope I get to see you before you leave." There was
a tear in her eye as she said that. The thought occurred to her that she
probably now had more friends in space than she ever had on Earth.

When she had gone, Ralph turned to his son and said, "There's leadership in that
one, if only we can channel it in the right direction." James agreed. "If we
ignore the past and I know that is not an easy thing to do given what we know
she has done, in her short time here today, she had negotiated with me to get
pain relief for the group, sorted out the ladies dress problem, got herself a
robo which will be difficult to take from her and made friends in high places.
Not bad for a half pint sized criminal!"

Sheila spent much of the afternoon cleaning and polishing Charles until he shone
almost like new. There were scratches on his paintwork that couldn't be removed
but on the whole he was in very good condition. Some of the positions she needed
to be in for the cleaning caused her buttock muscles some pain but she
persevered until the job was done. Some of the others in the group watched and
tried to give Charles commands but he never responded to any of them. He had not
been programmed to accept their voices. How her thumb print was transferred to
voice commands was something she would never understand.

At 3 o'clock she visited Bertha again. Bertha brought out a plastic bin of gowns
and gave it to Sheila who passed it to Charles. "My word, Charles you do look
fine now. Has someone been polishing you?" exclaimed Bertha. She didn't of
course, expect a reply so turning to Sheila she said, "You've made a nice job of
him, Mr. Ralph will be pleased. Have you time to come to my room for a cuppa and
a chat?"

I don't think I have to do anything more until dinner but I would like to see
the ladies leave if I am allowed to."

"Dunno what their plans are for that, dear. Still they know where you are don't
they?"

"I told Gina and Mr. James should know as I told him at lunch."

Bertha led the way to her room. More a cubicle and like the ones where Sheila
was staying, opened on to a similar toilet shower area surrounded by similar
rooms occupied mainly by maintenance and engineering staff. Bertha made tea
while Sheila examined some of the treasures Bertha had brought with her. "You
don't have a home on Earth now do you?" Bertha replied that this was her home.
She was happier here than she had ever been.

"The work's not much, but it's not difficult and I have plenty of free time. The
crew are friendly, weather's always fine. It's never cold and the doctor is
extremely good. A couple of the older engineers visit me some nights. There are
things I miss but most of what I miss are things I am glad to be shot of."

"How did you manage to get a job here? I wouldn't have thought there would be an
advert in the local paper."

"That's a long story. Did you know Mr. Ralph's wife was murdered?" Sheila shook
her head. "That's why they are so against the do-gooders. She disturbed some
burglars and one hit her over the head with a full bottle of wine and she never
recovered. They got away with it too. Court said because she had picked up a
broom she had threatened them and so they acted in self defence."

"Anyway, Mr. Ralph decided he couldn't live in that house afterwards. It was too
large for him and what with the memories plaguing him, he moved into a smaller
place less than a mile from where I lived. I knew him by sight but not to talk
to.

My husband was a drunkard and often became violent towards me when he'd had a
few too many. I had a cleaning job at the local school but on too many occasions
I couldn't work because of bruises and black eyes so I got the sack. One
afternoon I met Mr. Ralph in a shop and decided to chance asking him if he
needed a cleaner. I suspected the house hadn't been cleaned since he moved in
and I was right. He gave me a job and I went in every day. Often he wasn't there
so my appearance didn't matter too much. He came back unexpected one day when my
face was a mess and wormed the whole story from me."

"It was then he told me about the project they were still building up here. Then
it was still more or less a shell but he took me on a visit and I found everyone
even then to be very friendly and helpful. I decided to leave my husband and
come here. And I've been here ever since. I've seen it grow and grow." A bleep
sounded from within her smock. "Damn," she said, "I wonder what they want now.
Just a get to jaw with a fresh face too." She spoke into the phone, "Okay Mr.
James, I'll send her right back. We were just getting to know each other."
Bertha turned to Sheila, "They are having a meeting in your bedroom and you are
the only one missing. Don't forget the laundry."

"Glad you could find the time to join us," James quipped as Charles carried
Sheila and the laundry into the room.

"Sorry, Mr. James." Sheila instinctively knew she had to keep on the right side
of him to keep Charles. She put the fresh gowns on the bed and stood alongside
the others. A robo appeared pushing a hospital type trolley with various trays
and things on it. It was followed almost immediately by a white coated man.

"This is Dr. David Johnson. He is going to administer the injections to the men
to make their sperm sterile and thus prevent any unwanted pregnancies to any of
you girls who have sex them. All the Bluemen you see have already had
injections. The effect of these injections lasts about six weeks but we
recommend giving them every month. That won't affect you. You all had a blood
test on arrival while you were still unconscious. None of you have AIDS or other
undesirable diseases so no problem there. After the injections, the doctor will
spray your rear's with something that will relieve the pain a little and it
should last until bedtime when one of us will give you another spray that will
last overnight."

"Any questions?"

Horny Harry asked how soon after the injection would his sperm be dead. The
doctor told him it took about 4 hours to become fully effective.

Ben, a stocky lad with a ready smile who was part of a gang that stole and often
wrecked, cars, asked if they would still be able to cum and was told, yes.
Neither the men or the women would notice any difference. The fluid ejected
would still be the same but the sperm it contained would not be alive. If you
don't have any more injections after about six weeks the sperm produced would be
alive and could fertilize a woman in the normal way. The girls watched as each
boy had the needle inserted in his arm. They were glad that for once it was not
them that had to take the precautions. All of the guests then bent over a bed in
turn while the doctor sprayed their sore bottoms. Again, at the sight of all the
exposed cocks and cunts, Horny Harry had an erection which caused more banter
from the group.

After a few minutes the spray began to take effect. It didn't totally kill the
pain but reduced it to a dull ache. One or two tried sitting on a pillow but
found that wasn't a good idea.

At 4 o'clock James ordered all the guests to remain in the bedroom and
positioned robos to enforce his order. The remainder of the captives were about
to leave and he didn't want any scenes with this group trying to get on the
spacecraft. Kate and Jayne came down to pick up their recording gear and said
goodbye to a very tearful Sheila. Soon they were gone. Her circle of friends had
diminished.




Chapter 4. Work day

Four spacecraft left for the same destinations as previously. Kate and Jayne
were in the Brixton one. They were allowed down the chute a couple of minutes
before the others. To their surprise, when the captives came down the chute they
were individually encased in a transparent shrink wrap-like tube on which in
large letters were the words,

WARNING

Do not attempt to break this tube.

It will disintegrate completely in one hour.

The occupants of the tubes were completely naked with the effects of their
caning fully exposed for all to see. A bag containing their personal items and
clothing was placed inside the tube between their feet.

Kate and Jayne set to filming them and interviewing passers by and the police
when they finally arrived. By then the space craft had returned to base. At a
little after 5 p.m. the plastic appeared to melt and then ran away as a
water-like substance leaving no trace other than wet on the pavement.

By 6 p.m. Jayne and Kate were in the Studio with an excerpted version ready to
go on air. As with their earlier broadcast from the spacestation, it shocked
many of the viewers but pleased many, many more. At last they said, something
was being done to prevent crime. Something was being done to teach these
hooligans a lesson. Phone lines to the Studio were jammed. Emails flooded in.
The Controller of Broadcasting announced a special programme later in the
evening when an hour long edition of the event would be aired. After which the
phone lines were again jammed. The vast majority of the callers were in praise
of the treatment these people were given.

Sheila and her companions watched with very different emotions. The episode of
her kicking James and the resulting caning was shown almost in its entirety. Her
cuntal area was blurred out but the stripes were clearly seen. Sheila cried at
seeing it. Reliving the event was almost worse than the event itself.

Parliament at Westminster debated the issue and heated exchanges between the
ruling and opposition parties hyped the events still further. The ruling party
condemned the kidnappings and the 'inhuman brutality' but there was little they
could do about them. They had, after all, enacted the legislation that had
promoted the lawlessness, they had always opted for the soft options as far as
sentencing was concerned. Of course the opposition played up the lack of control
and ineffectiveness of the police force. The lack of morale etc. None were
really interested in solutions, only gaining voter points.

Similar situations and scenes were duplicated across Europe. All those under
E.C. control were suffering similar problems with crime. The Netherlands was
particularly badly hit but again because of European and their own legislation,
they were powerless to do anything about it.

However over the coming weeks, the ground swell of public opinion made the
legislators look again at their positions and in England, with an election year
ahead, politicians of all parties looked and listened more closely to what the
grass root people were saying and doing.

*******

Rachel lay with her legs wrapped around George's waist while he pumped his cock
fiercely in and out of her cunt. Rachel moaned, "Yes, yes, give it to me hard."
Outside her room the twelve guests appeared to be sleeping. Her mind was not on
them at the moment. Filled with lust, she wanted only one thing, George's thick
cock. George paused. He was about to climax and shoot his infertile sperm deep
inside her when he looked at the monitor on the wall ahead of him.

"Oh my God," he cried.

"Harder, George, harder, I want to cum too." Rachel too was near orgasm.

"He's going to rape her."

"What? Who?" She tightened her legs around George's waist, pulling him in as far
as she could. He wasn't going to be released until she was fulfilled. George
turned his attention to the woman underneath him and eased up his steady
thrusting. Again he glanced at the monitor.

"He is going to rape her, Rachel. We must do something. Look at the screen."

"Damn. And I was so close too." Rachel looked and the screen and saw Horny Harry
making his way to Sheila's bedside. His hard cock was in his hand. Sheila was
sleeping face down, bum in the air completely uncovered and inviting. The fact
was most of the others were in a like position. Even the thin sheet covering
rubbed their sore flesh and in the temperature controlled atmosphere there
wasn't any real need for any covering.

Harry saw his chance to get even with the bitch who had humiliated him earlier.
Believing all the watchers to be asleep he crept forward and quietly straddled
the sleeping girl.

"Rachel, you've got to let go of me. We have to stop him."

Rachel again looked at the screen and saw Harry positioning himself. Releasing
George and disentangling her body from his she muttered, "I'll have his guts for
this."

Harry placed the head of his prick at the entrance to the small cunt and thrust
deeply and hard. He wasn't into the niceties of foreplay and she would have
resisted anyway.

"Yeeooow!" Sheila let out a piecing scream that woke the whole room. It wasn't
just the shock of the cock's unexpected entry into her dry vagina that caused
her to yell so loudly, it was more the force with which Harry's loins hit her
caned arse. Harry had planned to push her face into the pillow and stifle her
cries but it was now too late. Sheila's reaction was fast and devastating.
Ignoring the extreme pain she thrust her body backwards and then forwards again
dislodging the cock from within her, quickly she spun round and turning on her
assailant, was on top of him in what seemed just a blink of an eyelid. Speed had
always been her forte and she had long ago learned to use it to turn defense
into attack. Her adrenaline now flowing fast, her temper high she pounded his
face and body with the ferocity of a tigress.

The scream woke James from a deep sleep. He had been exhausted by the time he
went to bed and had not really expected any disturbance. Glancing at the monitor
he saw Sheila pounding a boy who was now yelling a screaming for her to stop. He
was not amused at what he saw. "That bitch again," he grumbled to himself.
Perhaps she will like what she gets this time. Quickly he grabbed one of the new
plastic correction straps he had made when the programme had been planned.
Rushing from his room he immediately laid a hefty whack across Sheila's already
tortured arse. Angrily he struck again and was about to strike a third time when
Rachel's voice came through to him. "No, James! It's not her in the wrong. He
tried to rape her."

"Then how is it that she on top and punching the hell out of him?"

"Go and look at the replay, James. We were just seconds from preventing it. Its
Horny Harry that should be receiving the strap."

James, still not convinced and still upset at being woken from much needed sleep
spoke to Charles, "Take your mistress to my room and keep her there."

"Rachel, if you think Harry needs strapping, you do it!" He tossed the strap to
her. Rachel too was angry with being disturbed when she was so close to an
orgasm. Normally she would have given the task to a robo but this time she
thought to vent some of her own frustration by doing the job herself. She did
order two robos to bend Harry over the foot of the bed so his arse was well
displayed.

"WHACK!" The sound was like a rifle shot in the quiet room. Everyone was now
awake and watching silently hoping Rachel wouldn't turn her anger on them. A
scream followed the impact and a vivid band of colour overlaid the caning
stripes. Five more times she brought the belt down. Each brought a further
scream and pleas for mercy. The accuracy of her aim might not have been a good
as if one of the robos had done it, but it was very effective. Harry's rear was
now one mass of pain. He screamed. He cried. He begged. Rachel ordered the robos
to take Harry to an empty room at the end of the corridor and one of them to
stay there to make sure he didn't come back or try to injure himself. The door
was locked to him although easily accessible to the robos key encrypted beams.

Rachel turned to the other guests. "Sorry you've had such a disturbed night.
Hopefully it should be more peaceful now. Try and get some sleep. Anyone need
more 'bumspray'?" They all thought that was a good idea and Rachel and George
did what was needed. Gina and Clive were holding each other tightly so Rachel
suggested they share a bed. They were worried that this might get them a
thrashing too but were reassured that only if Clive tried to rape Gina would the
belt be used on them. Gradually, apart from some isolated sobbing, the room
became quiet again.

Back in his room, James looked at the frightened, sobbing girl. "Well Spitfire,
you seem to have done it again. From the sound of things out there it seems
Rachel believes Harry to be to blame." His sentence was punctuated by the sharp
cracks belt and the screams coming from outside. He looked at the clock and then
programmed the recorder to play back from a few minutes earlier. It was then
quite obvious what had happened. "Release her please Charles."

James went to the girl and gave her a hug, "I am sorry," he said, "Truly, very
sorry. You didn't deserve that. I should have waited before lashing out." He sat
on the bed so they were then more or less of equal height and pulled her close
to him. They remained like that for several minutes, the tears from Sheila's
eyes running down James' chest, until the sobbing and the tears eased. Gently he
lay the girl face down on one side of his bed and sprayed her flesh again. That
small area had taken an abnormal amount of punishment. He realised that anymore
could cause the flesh to open and permanent damage.

James lay beside her, his side touching hers, and put his arm across her
shoulders. "Lay there, little one, this bed is softer than those outside and I
will not harm you or attempt to rape you." Both lay awake for a long while
before drifting into fitful sleep.

********

Ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong. The melodious chimes were followed by the not
so melodious tones of "Wakey, wakey, rise and shine. Up, up up UP!" from Tom,
the physical fitness instructor. Bleary eyes looked at him and then the clock.
7a.m. "Com'mon me darlings, lets be havin' yer. Up yer get." He looked at the
group in front of him, reluctantly trying to move. "Yes, I know yer sore but you
will be sorer still if I have to get the robos to yank yer out of bed." Tom was
a Cockney and an ex paratrooper. Tough but kind hearted. He looked around and
counted 10. "Where's the other two?" he enquired.

"Spitfire's in there." Gina pointed to James' room. "Rachel thrashed Horny Harry
and took him away."

"Right you lot, go to the loo if you need to and get back here sharpish-like,
I'll round up the others." He strode briskly to James' room, knocked and without
waiting for an answer pushed open the door and yelled, "Com'mon out. You've got
to finish your jollies now. Time for more exercise."

"Do I have to go Mr. James?" Sheila asked.

"Yes, you do," answered Tom over riding any reply James would have made. "And
you too James. You could do with a bit of a workout."

"Ugh, we've hardly had any sleep," groaned James.

Tom's reply was uncompromising, "Well you shouldn't 'ave taken 'er to bed wid
yer!"

James had forgotten about the P.E. part of the rehab programme but decided he
ought to show willing and told Sheila to get up too.

Tom's tactics were similar when he opened Rachel's door and saw her and George
together. "Where 'ave yer hidden the other 'un then? This Horny Harry fella."
Rachel sent a robot for him and then Tom started to chivvy them into action.
"C'mon, you two could do with some exercise too, the sort you had last night
only taxes a few of your muscles. Grudgingly they too got up. Sheila asked
Charles to carry her but Tom forbade it. "You're goin' to work those muscles
anyway so treat the walk as a warm-up exercise."



Tom ordered them all to remove their shirts. "I'm sure Bertha won't want to have
to supply another set because these are all soaking wet with sweat." There were
murmurs of disapproval but Rachel whipped off her shirt so that everyone could
see her large boobs. "If I can do it, you all can." Soon everyone was as naked
as the day they were born.

Tom started off. "I'm sure many of yer have not done P.E. since yer were at
school and you will never 'ave done it like this in a mixed group with nothin'
on. You may find it stimulating'. Don't worry - it just shows your normal. You
will find the exercises hard for the first few days. The muscles in your
backsides have taken quite a hammering but if they are not to become stiff and
remain sore for longer than necessary, then we have to move them about a bit."

They did simple bending and stretching. All of which brought cries of agony from
the guests. Some tried to get out of doing them or made only a token effort. It
didn't take more than a light swat on the rear and the threat of a further
session after breakfast for them to realize the error of their ways. Tom might
be jovial but he was in command and he wasn't to be trifled with. He also knew
that repetitious exercises would get boring so after about twenty minutes he
piped through some Scottish dance music and was about to get them dancing reels
when he noticed Clive was shaking and looking a little paler than was normal.

"Are you alright lad?" he asked.

"I think he needs a fix," Gina answered for him. He sat out the first reel but
his shaking increased.

"He had better see the Doc, Tom," James interrupted, "Spitfire, would you mind
asking Charles to show him to the doctor's? Gina better go with him."

Sheila was surprised that James didn't order one of the many other robos that
were around to do the task but her quick sense knew it was a kind of test. She
looked at the ever shaking Clive and decided to go one up on James' request.
"Charles, please carry Clive and accompany Gina to the doctors and then return
to me. Thank you."

"I can walk," said Clive although he didn't really appear very able.

"You don't have a choice," replied Sheila. Charles had already picked the boy
up.

They did a couple more reels until most were completely out of breath then
showered and breakfasted after which James assembled them in the bedroom. He
pointed out that yesterday was a free day but now they had to start to earn
their keep here. The chores would mainly be cleaning jobs which required little
skill but even so he would still expect them done properly and with good grace.
They had now to start learning to live together and work as a team. Today, the
teams would consist of only two people. Later the teams would be combined or
reassembled. He then gave them a few minutes to choose a partner.

Mary teamed up with Rebecca (Becky); William (Bonzo) with John. Jenny and Martin
seemed to hit if off at breakfast so she went with him. Sheila had absolutely no
wish to be stuck with Horny Harry so she grabbed Ben just before Sarah. For a
moment Sarah looked horrified then turned to James, "You can beat me all you
like but there is no way I am working with a bloody rapist." James assured her
she would not be punished and that he understood. He asked if one of the boys
would work with Harry. All said, no.

Sheila spoke up, "Why not let Sarah join Ben and me and leave Harry to work on
his own? You said you were going to combine teams later, why not start by part
combining ours? As the teams grow, perhaps Harry can be integrated then."

James thought the idea workable and said so. Sarah gave Sheila a hug.

"Don't jump the gun, Sarah, I have another idea." He paused as the idea went
through his mind and he began to evaluate the consequences. "Yes," he thought to
himself, "It might be a way to make amends to the girl I wrongly punished last
night." Out loud he went on, "I am going to make Spitfire a team leader. She
will work the same as you all but will go round and check on the progress of the
other teams after each working hour. If you have complaints or suggestions or
need help, tell her and it will be up to her to bring it to my attention. You
will all still have direct access to me so you can complain about her if you
wish. Spitfire, you will have to check on Harry's team as well and I expect you
to do it fairly and with the same consideration as with the others. A real
leader has to be fair. Harry did an awful thing to you last night and he paid
with a strap on the bum and your fists in his face. His punishment for that
crime is complete. Don't try and punish him more. It was my fault you got the
strap as well, not his." Sheila looked down at her toes. She had wanted further
retribution but agreed to try and be fair.

"How will I know where everyone is? And what if Gina and Clive come back?"

"I'll give you a list in a moment. I didn't plan a supervisor when I worked out
the work schedule but its no problem. If and when Gina and Clive return, they
can do something about this pigsty that was a bedroom! Perhaps if they are not
back in an hour or so you could check on them too." James detailed the working
parties and instructed robos to take them. He sent Sheila's group into a
basement workshop to clear up after the engineers. "I'll be back for lunch but
until then you won't be able to contact me," he told her as he departed.

The basement workshop seemed huge. Several engineers were working on spacecraft
or robots. One came forward and greeted them. "So you are my working party. I'm
Ted, today's chief engineer. It's okay I'm not going to give you a spacecraft to
repair. Its mostly clearing up jobs. Ones that I hope won't hurt your arses too
much. But first you must wear shoes. Too many sharp pieces lying on the floor
here." He lead Sheila to a machine and introduced her to Helga the machine
operator. Helga made her stand on an air pad, "What colour would you like?"
Sheila looked non-plussed. "You can have blue, green, red, yellow or whatever
colour you fancy."

"Blue, please." There was a whirl of air around her ankles, then a liquid spray
gel and finally a blue plastic spray.

"Keep still a few moments more," Helga instructed. She did so and the plastic
hardened into a softish leathery material. "Okay, whose next?"

They were given brushes and told where and what to clean. The engineers kept up
a steady banter of good natured humour. One asked Sarah to hold some plastic
sheet in place while he fixed but otherwise the work was just cleaning. An hour
quickly flew by and Sheila asked the chief if she could leave to check on the
others. The chief, of course, didn't know about the Sheila's appointment as
group supervisor and was reluctant to let her go but the others corroborated her
story and as Charles was with her and that in itself gave her status, he agreed
to let her go. "But if I find you have tricked me, I shall personally put you
over my knee and smack that already blue arse of yours and I shall enjoy doing
so," he threatened as she left.

She did her rounds. All the groups seemed to be working, some with more
enthusiasm than others but being in such a pleasant atmosphere helped. Only
Horny Harry was miserable. He was on his own, cleaning the room in which he had
spent the night. "I'm doing what I was told to do," he spat the words at her.

At first Sheila was pleased he was not enjoying himself at all but having
visited the other sites where the workers were friendly and helpful she couldn't
help being sorry for Harry. She knew James had made a snap decision on where to
place him but she felt the decision was wrong. "Come with me, and no tricks,"
she ordered.

"No! You can't order me about."

"I can and I am. Now come with me. I'm again putting my arse on the line for you
even if you are a piece of shit and not really worth it. Charles, please take us
back to the workshop area."

When they arrived, she went to Ted and asked if he could find something for
Harry to do a bit away from the rest of the team. "Please Chief, he wasn't doing
any good where he was. Can he clear up for the group of engineers over there?"

The Chief was more than puzzled and he hadn't been able to contact James because
of some meeting he was at. "I've heard about you gal, and I know what they call
you, but as sure as eggs is eggs, if there is any comeback from James, then I'll
doubly spank you." He agreed to give Harry a job there. Sheila went to the
doctors. Clive was much better. The doctor had given him an injection that
started him on a rehab course. He hadn't sent the pair away because he didn't
know where they should be. Sheila told him they were to try and make their
pigsty look more habitable by the time James returned which caused him to smile
and then questioned why she was there. Again she had to explain her supervisory
role.

She took them to the bedroom and then returned to the workshop and continued
working until it was time for lunch. She already knew the engineers had their
own canteen, so lead her team back to the cafeteria. Harry acted a little better
but was still very resentful.

******

Sarah, Ben and Sheila stood at a table eating their food. All had enjoyed their
morning in spite of the pains when they moved. Passers by commented on their
colourful shoes. It was generally only the engineers that wore them but all the
comments were light hearted and friendly. Sheila saw Ralph and James come in
later than usual. She wanted to show off Charles now that she had cleaned him up
but waited until they were well into their meal. She didn't want to intrude so
just told Charles to present himself to Mr. Ralph. A few minutes later, Charles
came back, grabbed Sheila's wrist and took her away. "You need to watch those
robos," Sarah called after her, "You never know where they might take you!"

Today there were four at the table. Ralph, James and another couple who she
hadn't yet met. "Hello, Sheila," the woman greeted her, "I'm Yvonne and this is
my husband Fredrick. We are from the design office." Sheila shook hands with
them. It wasn't what she would normally have done but there it just seemed the
right thing to do. Ralph seemed overwhelmed by the knowledge that Charles was
now working again praised the effort Sheila had put in to make him look so nice.
There were more laughing comments on her colourful shoes but then she noticed
Ralph opening the control panel on the front of Charles, the one Rachel had
opened earlier to programme it for her. Sheila's face fell. Was her going to
take Charles away from her and use him for himself? Ralph was pressing buttons
and looking at a small screen on Charles' front. He looked up and saw Sheila's
open mouth and smiled, "Its alright young lady, I am not taking him from you. On
the contrary." He continued working, the frowned and opened a lower panel.
"Needs a new battery," he muttered more to himself than to the others. He shut
the bottom panel, took Sheila's thumb and pressed it to the screen in the way
Rachel had done. "He's yours now. All yours for as long as you are here. He will
not respond to commands from anyone but you. Look after him and use him wisely."

"Oh thank you Mr. Ralph, thank you. I will look after him and use him as you
say."

Ralph picked up a napkin and wrote on it. "Take this to Chief Engineer Ted, this
afternoon and he will put a new battery in for you. The old one will work for a
while yet but it is making Charles a bit sluggish and then go to Research Test
II and ask them to give him a check over. The Chief will have to insert a swipe
card in Charles to get you there."




Chapter 5. Chris

The group was again assembled in the bedroom. When James appeared to give them
their afternoon tasks he was scowling. Immediately he sat down he turned on
Sheila. "Spitfire, who gave you the authority to countermand my orders?" His
voice although quiet was menacing and full of anger."

Sheila was taken aback and unprepared for the outburst and could only stutter
without no real words coming out.

"I've just been talking to the chief engineer. Who gave you instructions to take
Harry there? You exceeded what little authority I gave you. You changed my
orders."

Sheila's quick wits recovered quickly and decided to go on the offensive. "On
the contrary, Mr. James, I evaluated your orders. This morning you told me Harry
had been punished for what he did to me and that was the end of it. You also
said we were to work together as a team. Putting Harry alone in the room in
which he was punished last night was not only cruel, it went against your
rehabilitation principles. He was not allowed to mix with anyone. He was
sentenced to solitary confinement. As supervisor of this group I felt it my duty
to amend your decision in the light of the circumstances prevailing at the time.
I believe I was right in what I did. Did the Chief comment on the work Harry
did? Did he say it wasn't good enough? Harry did seem to fit in with the two
engineers he was assigned to. So Mr. James, I didn't countermand your orders, I
just tweaked them a little. You were not available for consultation. I made a
decision I thought was right and in the best interest of the group. I still
stand by that decision but if you believe it was wrong, Mr. James, then I
apologise. I am sorry. Perhaps when you gave me some authority you didn't expect
me to use it. Once again, if I made the wrong choice, then, I am sorry."

For a few moments there was a stunned silence. Everyone stared at the half-pint
sized bundle of fire as she leaned with the fists on the bed in front of her.
She glared defiantly at James.

The attack took James completely by surprise. He was just going tell her off and
take her down a peg or two but she had turned the tables on him, making him
appear in the wrong. He didn't know what to say.

Surprisingly it was Harry who spoke. "I still hate that little bit of rotten
camel shit," he said, "But I appreciate what she did. It was much better working
there than being on my own and I lost some of the anger and resentment building
up inside me."

"Okay," James said, "I get the message." His attitude began to soften. "Spitfire
you are a born politician!" He addressed them all, "For now I think it will be
best if you all return to what you were doing this morning and we'll change
round again tomorrow." Turning again to Sheila, "I'll phone the Chief. For some
reason he thought he would be having you over his knee when you returned."

********

The Chief was in a good humour when they arrived. "So you wormed you way out of
a spanking then? Pity. Still there may be another time. While the others got on
with their work she showed the Chief the note from Mr. Ralph. She said she was
sorry it was on a napkin. Ted laughed. "That's how I know its from him. He often
gets ideas and jots them down on whatever is handy. Only when they have been
through the design office do I get a proper drawing." Ted instructed a young
female engineer to change the battery and then insert the card into Charles and
sent them up to Research Test II. On the way they had to pass through several
air locks and decontamination filters. The effect of the last one was to make
Sheila's hair stand straight out from her head and pubic area. All dust
particles from between the follicles were then removed. It was a scary minute or
two before it returned to normal.

An elderly woman greeted her. "Hello, I'm Mandy. I see you're not used to the
decon filter," she laughed at Sheila trying to push her hair back down. "You've
brought Charles for testing. Ralph said you were coming. Chris is going to do
the tests. Few work on a Sunday afternoon."

Chris turned out to be a boy around 26 years old. He was somewhat shy and very
much engrossed with his work. At the moment he was testing a very natural
looking hand which was a prototype for a new range of robos. "Hello, Spitfire,"
he smiled at her, "Sorry I don't know your real name but I've seen you on the
monitor and in the cafeteria."

"It's Sheila but I don't mind people using my nickname."

"I like Sheila. How come you have this old robo? And why didn't the engineers
see to it? We generally only test new models here."

Sheila told him the story while Chris finished his tests on the hand. She was
amazed and fascinated at the way the fingers opened and closed and the wrist
moved. Chris then opened panels in Charles and connected leads to and from
various pieces of test equipment. He made Sheila help. At one point Sheila was
lying on the floor, her gown rucked up above her waist, holding a part steady
and Chris was similarly on the floor with his head near her arse. "Sod me!" he
exclaimed, "They really did cane you! I saw it on video but I didn't think it
was as bad as this. Have they given you a pain injection?" He very tentatively
touched her warm flesh.

"No. They spray us and that relieves the pain a bit but they think we need the
pain to remind us of why we are being punished. Part of what they think is a
rehab programme."

"Well, I hope it works after what you have been through. What did you do?"

They chatted all through the testing. Chris found a part that needed replacing
but hadn't one in stock. It was an old part they didn't use. Chief Ted will
probably have one and can replace it.

"Would you do it if I get the part from the Chief?"

"If you like but it is really a simple plug in job but, yes, I would like to see
you again. I'll say I need the part before I can complete the testing. How would
that suit you, Sheila?"

"As it is Mr. Ralph's baby, I think you had better do it." Sheila gave him a
smile as she said it. "I'm supposed to do my rounds of the group now and collect
the laundry, in fact I am already half an hour late so can I come back when I've
done that? Is Charles still in a usable state?"

"Yeah, sure. I will still be here. Not too many actually work on a Sunday
afternoon even here but some of us get engrossed with our work and forget to
leave off."

Chief Ted, thought the excuse to return to Research Test II pretty feeble and
said so but gave her the part. She spent just a few minutes with Bertha and
checked on her groups just before they were due to finish. All seemed to be
getting on quite well. Even Horny Harry was containing his erection somewhat
although the fact the engineers on duty at his end of the workshop were all
male, might have had something to do with it. He seemed to be fitting in, if a
little reluctantly, with the two he was assigned to. They made him actually help
with their work rather than just clean up after them.

It was gone 4 o'clock when Sheila returned to Research Test II and found Chris
alone. "Sorry, it took longer that I thought," she said, "And you should be off
duty now."

"That's alright. I'd only be working on a video game or thinking about some
other project. It's nice to have you around and it's especially nice to have
someone about my own size." For the first time, Sheila noticed he was shorter
than most others. Only a little taller than she. It created a bond between them.

Chris fitted the part and tested it. He asked Sheila to lay on the floor to hold
a lead although it wasn't really necessary. They lay side by side, face to face
when they finished. Suddenly Chris stutteringly blurted out, "Can I kiss you
Sheila?"

She nodded, yes. He did. Soon they were tightly clasped in each others arms.
Sheila could feel the erection that tented Chris' overalls pressing against her
thighs but he made no move to go further. They lay like this for some time until
Sheila burst into tears.

"What is the matter?" Chris asked in a very concerned voice, "Have I hurt you?"

"No. No, nothing like that. I am getting used to pain now. Its being held like
you are loved that is difficult for me to take in. I'm not used to that. Usually
I'm kicked in the teeth or I am forced into fucking." Her sobs continued.
"You're hard and yet you are just holding me. You don't seem to want to force
me."

"Sheila, we have only been together a few hours and I would like to make love to
you but I am not going to force myself on you. For one thing, in a month you
will be gone and it would be difficult for me to see you ever again. I don't get
to Earth very often and then where I go is monitored. I would like us to be
friends, more than friends but in the end we would probably have to part. That
could be very traumatic for both of us."

"Chris, you don't know what traumas I've been through already. One more will
make little difference. I too would like to be more than a friend to you but for
now it is just so nice to be held in your arms and feel loved that I don't want
to go any further. Can you understand that?"

"Sheila, let's just take one step at a time."

They kissed passionately again and lay still until Sheila noticed it was
approaching dinner time. "Oh God, I will have been missed and will probably be
in more trouble. They may think I've tried to escape."

"Unlikely. They'll only have to look on the central computer to know you are
here. But you had better go now and get cleaned up, I'll see you in the
Cafeteria about six."

James wasn't around when she arrived at the bedroom but the others were and
questioned where she had been for the last two hours. "Just getting Charles
fixed," she replied.

"He must have been real poorly if he made you cry like that," stated Sarah
looking her straight in the eye, "Or did the Chief get you in the end?"

"No, nothing like that." Sheila flounced off to the showers. She was under the
dryer when Becky came to her.

"You're our supervisor, right?"

"Yes, I guess so," Sheila was very hesitant with her reply suspecting she might
not like what was to come.

"You are our link with the boss, right?"

Again a hesitant, "Yes."

"And for that you get special privileges?"

"Yes, and a few extra hidings it seems." Becky nodded knowing that was true as
well.

"Look, Spitfire, could you ask Mr. James if we or at least I could phone home. I
know my mum and dad will be worried sick especially after the news. I know James
said they had all been informed we were here but still, I wouldn't mind talking
with my mum."



"I just wish I had a mum I would want to talk to," replied Sheila, "But yes, I
will try and find out if it is possible and whether you will be allowed to. No
promises mind."

She rushed around to finish drying and put her gown back on. "Oh, I do wish I
had something better to wear," she said to herself. The cafeteria had only just
opened and Chris was not inside so she waited in the foyer area. Sarah and Ben
came by and asked why she was waiting. She told them she had a dinner date and
Sarah laughed and said she was certainly dressed for the occasion. They enquired
who the unlucky fellow was but Sheila kept it a secret till later.

Chris arrived soon after carrying a bag. Sheila was curious but was told it was
sort of a present but one which she couldn't have but could use. The bag felt
soft but Chris wouldn't let her peek inside. They got their meals and went to a
table. Chris then opened the bag and placed it contents on a chair. "Try sitting
on that," he suggested. Very cautiously Sheila did as her requested and found
she could sit without too much pain. "It's an air cushion," Chris told her, It's
mainly for hospitals when people are burned and such." Sheila thanked him. It
made her much less conspicuous than standing. She enquired about phoning Earth
and Chris told her it was possible but all calls went through the communications
room and a card may be needed for access.

Sitting being such a luxury these days, Sheila was reluctant leave and sat
chatting animatedly to Chris. Seeing James stand to leave the room, she
remembered Beck's request and went to him. "Mr. James, can I have a meeting with
you sometime soon please?"

"Is it important and urgent?"

"Yes, I believe it is and I have no other way of communicating with you apart
from catching you when I see you."

"I have a meeting in my office at seven, that's in a quarter of an hour. Give me
five minutes and then come there. It will have to be brief."

She went back to Chris and told him and asked if they could meet later. He said
he would be in his room and told her the location. "Just tell Charles to take
you to 3-103, I'll be there."

"They might not let me out of the area, but I will see if I can get there."

"If you can't make it by nine, I'll come down here, and maybe Jackie will loan
me her room if she is with John. She's usually a good sport," Chris said.

******

Sheila arrived at James' office and put in her request. He surprised her by
agreeing to her request almost immediately. He had to add conditions. They would
be given a ten minute card and could only phone close relatives and only from
one phone. They couldn't phone police or members of parliament or any
organisation that might cause them trouble. As the calls would all be routed
through the communications centre, the numbers would be vetted and the calls
monitored and recorded. Get all the group together in the bedroom at eight and I
or somebody will go through it with you."

After thanking James she turned to leave when James stopped her. "Spitfire, I
don't want to interfere but you should know any affair with Chris is doomed. You
will be returning to Earth in a few weeks and Chris cannot leave here. If it is
only a short term fling, fine and I won't do anything to stop you. Don't though,
think it can continue after you leave."

"Chris told me that but perhaps it is better to have loved than not to have
loved at all. Is there no way round it?"

"Spitfire, I know I have been harsh with you but under it all I do like you and
I respect what you have done here in the last day or so. I wouldn't do anything
to permanently hurt you, that is why I am telling you this now. Chris cannot
leave here except for short, monitored breaks. You cannot stay."

"Why not?"

"It would mean giving up the whole of your life on Earth. Your friends, seeing
the fields and villages, the changes in the weather. There is so much you would
miss. All of you will I expect start to miss those things very soon now. So far
you have been more concerned with pain but soon that will go and your thoughts
will return to home even though you may not have had the best of home life."

"At the moment I am not looking forward to going back. Here I feel I am among
friends, even you. Every where I have been there is a friendliness I have never
known before. So please let me consider it an option to stay and please let me
see Chris when work permits. Can I go to him tonight please?

James thought for a few moments until there was a knock on the door and Yvonne
entered and apologised for disturbing him. He signalled her to stay and turned
to Sheila, "No, that would mean your leaving the designated area in your free
time and then the others would want to as well. How about I ask Chris to deal
with Communications and sort out the phone cards. Remember there will only be
one phone line and each will have ten minutes so that's two hours of talk time,
probably three hours with dialing and arranging. As supervisor it will be up to
you to sort out who goes first. It doesn't all have to be done today, some can
use the phone tomorrow evening if they wish. Either way they will be cut off
after ten minutes, just like a pay phone. If there is any time left you can
spend it with Chris but you know the curfew hour is 11 p.m. and you should be
back in the bedroom area by then."

"Thank you Mr. James," Sheila said as she left the office, "I am sure the others
will appreciate your gesture to allow them a phone call."

Back in the bedroom, Sheila rounded up all the group and told them of the
arrangements, emphasizing the rather short length of time each had and the
conditions on who they could phone and that everything they said would be
recorded. A couple of the group started to object to this form of censorship
others at the length of time suggesting Sheila could have done better. Sheila
was furious and it showed, "Look," she said, "I risked my arse again. I got you
a ten minute phone call when it could just as easily have been yet another ten
whacks across my backside!"

Becky came forward and said, "Spitfire, you did great. Thank you. Don't let
those moaners put you off. Without you we wouldn't have any phone time at all.
None of them nor I, would have dared ask. Thanks."

"We now have to work out an order. Because she asked me first I am going to let
Becky use the phone first. Is there anyone who doesn't want to use the phone
today?" Two raised their hands. "That leaves eight. Chris is supposed to arrive
with the phone and cards at eight. I don't know how long it will take to set up.
Shouldn't be too long."

"Depends on how much snogging you two do first," laughed Sarah which brought
giggles from the rest.

Sheila blushed but said they would leave that till later. "She asked if anyone
needed a special time because of when their folks would be out. Jenny said her
parents always went to bed at ten so could she phone before then. She agreed to
follow Becky. Ben doubted his mum and dad would be home before ten so he was
last. She asked the rest to form an orderly line and after some pushing around,
they did. She inserted the line between Jenny and Ben and decreed that was to be
the running order.

Chris arrived early, and set the phone in a corner while Sheila handed out the
cards he brought. Most didn't believe it was a phone at first. It resembled a
transparent motor cyclist's helmet. He also brought the air cushion so they
could sit and talk in relative comfort. Placing the helmet over Becky's head he
explained that pushing the button at the front would put them through to
Communications. They would be ask for a number and would check it. When the call
was connected, the card should be swiped through and the ten minute conversation
could begin. No one outside the helmet would hear what was said although it
would all be listened to by Communications and recorded. Through a microphone he
asked Becky a question but although the onlookers could see her lips moving they
heard nothing. Chris again ran through the instructions with Becky, asked if she
knew the number she wanted and after she nodded, yes, left her to it. She
turned, faced the wall and gingerly sat down.

Ten minutes later, a very tearful Becky took off the helmet phone and came
crying to Sheila. "They want me back," she said, "After all I've done." Sheila
held the girl for a while, without asking what she had done, and then said,
"Maybe you'll be a better person when you go back. At least they want you. I
doubt if my mother will even be sober enough to pick up the phone." Mary came
over and the two walked around the room and then went off to the drinks machine.

Jenny was also tearful when she returned from her call and Sheila began to
wonder whether she had done the right thing. The two girls were much less happy
now than before talking to their parents. Jenny though, had Martin to comfort
her. They lay together on a bed holding each other tightly.

The queue for the phone seemed orderly so Chris and Sheila lay on a bed
together. Ignoring catcalls from various of the boys, they kissed and fondled
each other but Sheila's sore arse put severe restrictions on what they could do.

Communications were very quick in getting through to most numbers although there
was no reply from two and an answer machine on one. They allowed the boy to
leave a short message to say he would call again the following evening without
charging anything from his card. By 10.30 all those who could or wanted to, had
finished their calls and Chris collected the equipment and the air cushion. "We
have just half an hour before James wants you back in the bedroom area," he
whispered to Sheila as he led her to Jackie's room. Carefully positioning the
air pillow on the bed he lay Sheila down on it. For the first time in what
seemed ages she was able to lie on her back. Trying to keep his weight off her
as much as possible, Chris leaned over and kissed her. She kissed back and
inserted her tongue in his mouth and French kissed for a while. Chris' hand
slowly worked up her gown and massaged her small breasts and when the nipples
stood hard and firm he took them into his mouth and gently suckled them.

"Ooohh!! Chris, that is soooo nice." Sheila moaned under his ministrations. Her
hand slid down between and felt his hardness. Gently she massaged that too "Oh
Chris, do it! Fuck me!" Sheila was by no means a virgin but previously all
intercourse with men had either been necessary or for some sort of gain,
monetary or position. Now she wanted it for love. She wanted Chris to make love
to her. This was just not to be a bog standard fuck.

Chris slipped his cock in her and gently plunged back and forth. He knew she
could still feel pain although it was reduced by the air cushion and tried not
to cause further unnecessary suffering but Sheila cried out, "Harder Chris,
harder!" Lust and love became intermingled as they drove themselves towards a
climax.

"Tap, tap, tap." A soft knock on the door. It opened a few inches. "You have
five minutes." James' voice came through the opening.

"Damn the bastard," muttered Sheila, "He always puts his foot in at the wrong
time." She looked at the digital clock, 23.10. He'd already given them an extra
ten minutes.

******

Sleep wouldn't come to Sheila that night. She lay awake and restless. She
thought about Chris and leaving him to go back home. And where was home? Not
with her mother. Not on the streets or in hostels or in someone's apartment for
a few nights or sleeping with a man just to find a warm bed. She thought about
how being here had already changed her. She now seemed to have a purpose. She
had authority and everyone seemed to help her even though she was only a
prisoner; a captive. Quietly calling Charles, she had him take her in his arms
and go to the observation deck. Looking at the stars in all their brilliance and
the Earth now bathed in moonlight tears came to her eyes and flowed silently
down her cheeks. From where she was Earth looked a small ball, peaceful and
serene but she knew from bitter experience there was much suffering and realized
too she had caused some of it. She vividly remembered the old woman whose face
she had cut with the knuckle-duster type rings she'd worn. At the time she was
just an object to be overcome, someone who was preventing her from stealing her
handbag, a handbag which contained only a few pounds of her pension. Tonight the
face haunted her.

A bleep woke James. It was his night on duty. The monitoring system had noted an
unusual movement for that time of night and woke him. He looked at the screen.
No Spitfire. Had that girl gone and made her way to Chris' room? Her keyed in
her name and did a search. Puzzled he saw her on the observation deck and she
was crying. He made his way quietly to her, sat on a nearby bench seat and
offered her a tissue. "Do you want to talk?" he asked. At first she said nothing
but gradually opened up until a flood of words came pouring out. She told him
about her life on Earth and here, of Chris and particularly of the haunting face
of he old woman and how she now regretted what she had done. At the time it was
all a game but having been here, she knew something of the horror the woman must
have felt. "Do you know if she is alright?" she asked.

"I don't know but I can probably find out but that might make you feel worse
rather than better. I'll get Communications on to it in the morning." James was
surprised she was even thinking about her victim.

"Could I use my phone card to ask Kate and Jayne to see her?"

"No. I think Communications would block that. They are reporters."

"But you can phone them. James?" she used her wheedling tone of voice, "If I
give my card to Becky, would you phone Jayne for me please?"

James laughed, "You conniving hussy! But I will phone Jayne and you don't have
to give up your card. Why Jayne rather than Kate?"

"Jayne is more down to earth, Kate is tarted up, a showpiece and not what she
seems on the surface. I like Kate but am more in tune with Jayne."

"Go back to bed now Sheila. Try and get some rest for what is left of the
night."

"Can I come in with you like last night? I need to be held."

******

Jayne visited Sheila's victim, a Mrs. Janet Mayhew, and disked an interview. The
woman was out of hospital but still traumatised and frightened from her ordeal.
She had seen the report and pictures of the canings on TV but hadn't linked any
with her assault. Her emotions became very confused when told the girl who had
the extra caning was the one that had hit her. On the one hand she thought she
had gotten her just deserts and on the other hand was sorry for the amount of
punishment she had been given. She was even more confused when Jayne told her
she had come to do the interview because the girl wanted to know how she was and
was very sorry for what she had done. At first she just said, "Its amazing how
quickly a sore backside can make your mind sorry," but later, after Jayne had
put down her camera and had related some of her experiences on Molly
Spacestation, and had told of the girl's plight, she began to show some sympathy
towards her. "It seems as if she has a very apt nickname," Janet said, "Pity she
cannot use her talents for good as did her namesake."

Later that day, James called Sheila to his office ostensibly to discus the work
schedules but when the door was closed he opened a video link to Jayne and not
only was the interview shown to her but she was able to chat with Jayne and talk
about what wasn't on the film and the chat Jayne had with Janet. Tears again
flowed from Sheila's eyes. Her tough exterior broken once again, to fragile
female emotion. Kate popped into the picture to say, "Hi," and chatted for a few
moments before they had to break the link.

"Thank you, Mr. James. Is there anything I can do to make up for what I did to
the old lady?"

"Probably not, at least not now. Who knows what may happen in the future." He
handed her a tissue. "Now dry your eyes and get back to work," he added with
mock sterness.

******

The next three days fell into a routine of P.E., work, eat, work, free, eat,
free and sleep. Chris visited each evening and they made love on the air cushion
openly but Chris was never allowed to spend the whole night with her. Curfew was
still fixed at 11 p.m. Gina and Clive, and Jenny and Martin followed their
example but without the air cushion found it more painful although they could
spend the whole night in each other's arms. Sarah and Ben seemed to be hitting
it off especially when there wasn't too many others around.

On the fourth evening, Sheila had to forgo Chris' company as Ralph asked her to
come to his room. He made tea and treated her with old fashioned courtesy while
they talked and chatted on a wide variety of subjects. During the conversation
he probed into her life and she managed to find out more about his. Sheila tried
to find out about her chances of staying on Molly but he too was sceptical. "It
will be difficult for a young person like you to accept the lifestyle and
conditions here. The five days so far might be like a holiday. You will know
better at the end of the month or better still after you have been back a month
or two." They discussed what she might do when she went back but really she had
no idea. Sheila now didn't want to return to her former ways but had no
qualifications or training. Ralph said he would see what he could do and
promised to keep an eye on her after she left. The evening passed quickly and
before long she had to return to the bed area. Her talk with Ralph had been
thought provoking but exhausting and she was soon asleep.




Chapter 6. Earthquake

"Wake up. Wake up, little one." A big hand shook Sheila awake. It was Chief Ted.
Sheila was about to scream when Ted's hand covered her mouth. "Shush. I'm not
here to hurt you or rape you or anything like that," he whispered, "Just wake up
and come to James room. I'm going to let go of you now but don't make a noise to
wake the others. Just come and see James." She looked at the clock. 3.48. What
were they doing up at that unearthly hour.

James and another woman were watching a screen. It seemed like a TV news
programme with people searching by torch and moonlight through rubble. Chief
introduced Freida, his wife who worked as a nurse on the station, and then
turned his attention to the screen. Bleary eyed Sheila watched and asked what
was happening. "Earthquake in Peru," Freida informed her, "There are 20 or more
children and we don't know how many adults buried under that rubble." She turned
to James, "You've got to let us try and help," and facing Sheila, "And that's
why Ted has brought you in. James has reluctantly agreed to loan us a spacecraft
and a crew but won't risk his highly trained staff. Ted thought you might
volunteer your group."

Sheila was baffled. "That's Peru? South America? And its a TV report? And you
are asking us to go there?"

James explained it wasn't a TV report, it was actual live coverage from a
spy-type satellite they had positioned in the area. What she saw was what was
actually happening, the people were looking for the victims in the rubble. "That
was an orphaned children's home and the time is now," he said.

Freida interrupted. Ted can organise search and rescue gear and robos but we
really need more people. Would you like to help?"

Unhesitatingly Sheila said yes.

"Would the others join in with you?"

"I can't answer for them and before I put it to them, I need to know a bit more
about what would be expected of us. For instance, are were going dressed like
this? Most of us have still have difficulty in walking. Will we be given a pain
injection? And I am sure they will ask, what is in it for them? Will they be
returned home earlier? Isn't going to Peru without passports illegal? Why can't
the Peruvians rescue their own people? Will other help be available?"

"Whoa there!" James said, "One question at a time. You would be given blue suits
which are both protective and insulated. Yes, I will agree to the injection. No,
they wouldn't go home earlier. All they would get out of it was the satisfaction
of doing something to help or just getting away from here for a few hours.
Perhaps breathing real air and being in real sunshine might be an attraction but
that could be balanced against hard, grueling work and probably seeing horrific
sights that will turn their guts. It won't be a picnic, Spitfire, there will
probably be dead and mutilated children and adults but you could help to save
some lives. At this stage we only have these pictures. Oh, what else did you
ask? Ah, yes it is very illegal to enter another country like you will be doing
but the area is remote and mountainous and the earthquake destroyed the main
bridge on the one access road. The Peruvians could only get there by helicopter
and they are much more concerned with a larger town also hit by the quake. Apart
from locals who are on the scene now, you will be on your own. That enough for
you?"

"Yeah, I guess so. Can you put the pictures on the screen outside please?" When
James did so, Sheila smiled and said, "Put the lights on, play the 'tune' and
then lets sock it to them." The 'tune' was the ding-dong that usually woke them
for P.E.

Grumpily, the group woke, saw the clock and started complained more. Sheila
dived straight in, "Right you dozey lot, wake up and look up at the screen.
Forget the clock. Time here doesn't matter but time is the essence of this. What
you are looking at is a heap of rubble in South America. The time is now. You
are looking at what is happening at this very moment. Under that rubble are
twenty children and an unknown number of adults. Alive or dead we don't yet
know." They saw one child dramatically pulled out bleeding but alive which gave
added impact to Sheila speech. "They need urgent help and local help can't get
to them. We can. WE can. Mr. James is providing a spacecraft and crew and Chief
Ted and his wife are going with equipment and robos but they need help. They
need volunteers to go with them. I have already said yes, so you will be rid of
me for today but we would like seven more. And before you ask, we will be given
clothes, or at least bluesuits and no you won't get anything from going. No
remission of your stay here or anything like that. You will get out of P.E. and
work but you will be expected to work a damn sight harder over there. You may
have the satisfaction of saving a few more children like the one you just saw
but you may see also some very horrible things. You are being asked and I do
mean asked, to volunteer to go with me. No one is being forced. You can stay
here and carry on as you have for the last few days. It will not be held against
you. Before you decide are there any questions?"

Ben raised his hand, "Will any of the Emergency Rescue Organisation be coming
with us? My father has a friend who is one of the team and I know they have
equipment and stuff ready to go at a moments notice?"

Sheila turned to James for a reply. "Good point Ben. I don't think they would be
able to get there quickly enough and we have more sophisticated equipment but
they have experience we lack. I'll get Communications on to contacting them."

There were a few other questions before Sheila asked them to decide. She already
eliminated Clive because of his need for drug treatment and fully expected Gina
to stay with him but she volunteered. Bonzo and John declined which surprised
her. She looked at Horny Harry but he wanted to go. Sarah was undecided but all
the rest were in, perhaps not all for the right reasons. "Over to you then
Chief."

"I think by now all of you have been in the workshop and have our colourful
shoes. Go to the toilet, have a quick wash and bring them with you. Be here in
five minutes."

Sheila followed James back to his room, "Can we ask Kate and Jayne along. Their
coverage of the event might help the image of the spacestation." James agreed.
He contacted Communications again and then dragged the doctor out. He arrived
before they left for the workshop and gave them all a pain killing, muscle
relaxing injection. Almost immediately they felt the relief. For the first time
in days they could move more or less normally. The stayers wanted an injection
too but it was denied them. Too late they wanted to change their minds but then
it would not have been for the right motives.

The bluesuits were individually made in a similar way to the shoes. Shaped
plastic sheets to cover the genital and navel areas were temporarily pasted over
these areas with gel and then more gel was sprayed on their body and a band put
around the waist. When the gel had slightly set, blue plastic material was
sprayed on the lower part of the body and when set, the performance was repeated
to the neck The band provided a convenient join for getting in and out of the
suit.

Helga, had the machines warmed up and ready. Sheila knew her from her days in
the workshop so she asked if there was a choice of colours as there had been
with the shoes. "We can do other colours, but my orders are for you all to have
blue. It a kind of uniform."

"But I am a supervisor. I should look different!"

"So then should the Chief, but he is in blue too."

"Yes, but he's a man. They all dress the same. I want to be different." By now
she had blue trousers and had a few moments to wait while they dried. Helga
leaned over and whispered very quietly in her ear. "When I am doing the next
one's plastics, press both the random and psychedelic buttons. I won't notice
when I come to start your top. That will get you noticed and you will have to
live with it and face my anger and you had better be in the Chief's good books.
On your own head be it."

Helga turned to cover Gina's pubic hair and spent a few moments with her. Sheila
pressed the appropriate buttons on the colour palette before Helga returned and
started the spray going. A little blue came out and then pulses of many
brilliant iridescent metallic colours that were controlled into swirling wave
patterns. Helga had turned to finish readying Gina when there was a cry from a
nearby engineer. She turned to him, "What's up Bob?" Bob pointed behind her. Out
of the corner of her eye she noticed the spraying was nearly over so she spun
round and treated Sheila to a torrent of verbal abuse.

"You pint sized little bundle of horse shit. Who told you to alter my settings
when I told you everyone was to have blue? You can't be trusted with anything.
You just wait till the Chief puts you over his knee then perhaps you'll learn
that no means NO!" She carried on the blistering attack for some minutes while
the plastic was drying. It caused a great deal of amusement from the onlookers.
Chief was furious with her and threatened not to take her but had to relent when
the rest of her group threatened to not to go either. It all then died down to
good natured joking. "That's not a Spitfire that's a Kaleidoscope." "Do you
supply sunglasses with that top?" "Look what they brought in from the disco!"
And so it went on.

Before it went further Sheila was called to phone in the Chief's office. "Kate
says they have another event to cover today and can't come with us," James told
her.

"Can you connect me up with her James, please?"

There was a delay and then she heard a ringing tone. Eventually Kate answered.
"What the hell do you want? Don't you know what time it is?"

"Shut up and listen, Kate. This is Spitfire and if you know what is good for
you, you will do what I say. It will be one of the best stories you've ever
covered. Now kick Jayne out of bed and get yourselves dressed. Doesn't matter
what you wear, you'll be given special clothes when you get here. Take all your
gear to the road outside your studio flat in thirty minutes and be ready to move
and move fast. You can tell your boss blue aliens have abducted you. That won't
be far off the truth."

Kate started to say it was royalty they had to cover but Sheila just snapped,
"Shut up. Nothing is as important as this. Just do what you are told and no more
arguments. Is that Jayne I hear moving? Good. Thirty minutes, Don't bother with
hair or make-up, just easy to jump into clothes. You will be jumping out of them
when you get here. Okay?"

"This had better be good or I'll tan your arse worse those robos did!"

"If you're not ready, we'll kidnap you. And you know what that could mean!"

Exactly thirty minutes later two bluemen banged at the door of the girls flat.
They weren't ready of course but were ushered out, giving them only time enough
to check the filming gear was in order. Fortunately it was ready packed for the
booked event. The craft took off again and landed at a farm in East Anglia where
they picked up Bob Thompson, the deputy head of the Emergency Rescue Team. His
boss had decided to await a formal request and authorisation, but Bob was young
and keen to have an adventure.

Sheila and the others were having breakfast in the engineer's canteen when the
group arrived. She left her meal and greeted them. Jayne gave her a hug, "My you
do look smart in your new suit. It's a wonder they found one small enough to fit
you. And what colours. Is it the latest fashion?"

"Yours will fit just as well. You'll see! But I don't think anyone else will
have colours like these."

They introduced Bob even though they had only known him for less than an hour
and Sheila took them to the clothing machines. "You have to undress completely
for this," she told them. Automatically the trio looked around for changing
rooms but Kate and Jayne soon remembered from their previous stay, there was
unlikely to be any.

"C'mon, get you gear off. Everything. Don't worry, about showing anything here.
No one dresses in much. I'll find the woman who works the machines." Sheila
found Helga grabbing a quick cup of coffee and brought her back. She introduced
her to the three. Jayne and Kate were naked, Bob still wore his underpants which
were tenting at the front. He was blushing furiously. Helga laughed at his
embarrassment. "I've probably seen more cocks and cunts in close-up than you've
had hot dinners. Only a VD specialist will have seen more so no need for you to
worry and it only takes a quick flick of my fingers to make it go down. Shoes
first though.

They were almost through when the Chief announced a briefing in the canteen in
five minutes. They could eat and listen at the same time.

Chief Ted cleared his throat. Take off is in 27, no 26, minutes and we may
continue this briefing during the flight although I want to go through the
equipment we have with Bob during that time too. Flight time 36 minutes and we
will arrive over Titiaho about an hour before their dawn. At 1,000 feet we will
drop two flares - or perhaps one Spitfire." The canteen erupted into laughter.
"They will light the area until well after dawn. Bob and I particularly will use
that time to size up the situation and come up with a plan of action. The rest
of you will set up tents and the equipment. Once we know where and if there are
any survivors, then we well do what is necessary to rescue them." He went on to
explain the situation in more detail and called on Bob to give them his points.

*******

The landing went to schedule and the equipment was unloaded, including two huge
robots that Sheila had not seen before. All of them were given bright blue hard
hats to wear. Some of the natives, frightened at first, became aggressive. Chief
Ted came to her. "Right my little ray of sunshine, we know you have a clever way
with words, talk to these people."

"I can't speak their language, Chief."

"No, but if you put this in your ear and speak through the microphone, you will
be able to speak and understand Spanish which many of them will understand too."

"Ladies and gentlemen." The Spanish equivalent came loud and clear from the
speaker, but few took any notice. She moved to an open area. Covering the
microphone she said, "Charles, hold me up on your shoulders please."

Charles did and for once she was able to look down on people. They had to look
up to her. In the flickering light of the flares her shirt radiantly reflected
multi coloured light. Even to those who knew her, it was a dramatic sight, to
the natives she appeared a goddess. Sheila told them who she was, who her
friends were and why they were here. She spoke slowly making sure that most
could understand what she said. She asked for someone with whom she could talk
about what happened and how many were in the wreckage. An elderly man, Pedro,
was pushed forward and started to speak in his native tongue and then in rapid
Spanish. Once she made him understand he had to speak slowly, they were able to
converse quite well. During the night they had rescued two more children and one
adult. All three were injured. She asked where they were and a makeshift tent
was pointed out. She called Freida over and introduced her to Pedro saying she
was a nurse and explained about the three injured people. Freida said the
hospital tent would soon be ready but would look at patients immediately. One
child's injuries were very serious and required surgery. She opened a video link
to Doctor Johnson who agreed. The nearest large hospital was at Trujillo several
hundred miles away. Using Sheila as an interpreter, Frieda explained this to the
boy's mother who was crying by his side.

"The spacecraft will get him and her there in no time," Sheila remarked, "Can we
not ask the pilot?"

"We can ask," said Freida, "but he may not agree. We are in a country where we
shouldn't be. Its fairly okay out in the wilds but to go to a city and land is
another matter."

"We can't let the boy just die, Freida. At least try calling the pilot."

It was a video link and they could both see the pilot was worried but when shown
the condition of the boy he agreed to try. First he would have to see what
pictures the satellite could give him of the Trujillo area. Five minutes later,
he came back. The hospital has a helipad so if we don't quite land and do a
quick in and out, it could be possible.

"We'll see if the mother will let him go and then get him ready. Will get back
to you. Thanks Gene."

Sheila had to explain the plan and the mother after some misgivings did agree to
take him. Swiftly and silently the craft came in and hovered a few feet above
the ground. Robos carried the stretchered lad to the craft and Sheila escorted
the mother. In second they were away and very shortly after, hovered over the
helipad in Trujillo. As soon as the passengers were safely on the ground, Gene
had Communications link Dr. Johnson with the Trujillo hospital to explain the
injuries.

Outside the sun had climbed from behind the mountain and was beginning to warm
the earth. Bob asked Sheila if she could get everyone absolutely silent while he
and the Chief flew an instrument over the site that would detect body heat and
heartbeats. They couldn't do it with people shouting in several languages and
heaving rocks around. Again she stood on Charles shoulders. The early morning
sunlight on her top was dazzling but it created attention. She gave her
instructions first in English, then in Spanish. A few natives continued to
jabber even when asked again. Asking Charles to take her over, she repeated the
commands with such vehemence the English version silenced them.

The flight revealed a large group of people in an underground chamber, now only
a few feet high and a few scattered individuals. All the information was fed
into a computer which revealed that it was too dangerous to dig directly down on
the group. Air too was in short supply but they were able to insert an air hose
under a loose piece of rock. It was a delicate operation because dislodging the
rock might cause the whole lot to tumble but it was successful. A tunneling
machine was then brought in to dig under what was an outside wall into the
chamber. It took a couple of hours but fifteen individuals were brought out
alive. Two dead were left. They were trapped and moving them could cause injury
to the rescuers. All the survivors were injured. Most were filthy and covered in
blood. The volunteer group who a week ago considered themselves toughies, were
shocked and it turned the stomachs of two. They were quietly sick behind some
rubble. Sheila passed the language translator to Freida so she could communicate
with her patients easier which left her free to help the rescuers. She told
Chief Ted what she had done and said that if he wanted her to give any more
general election speeches on his behalf, she would get it back. Bob had some
knowledge of holiday Spanish so could give simple instructions.

Four more, two adults and two children, now their location was known, were
rescued by fairly simple digging. Two more bodies were brought out at the same
time. This left a problem one. A young girl with her foot crushed under a stone
beam. Another beam was precariously balanced near her head. They dare not remove
anything from above her until the beam was stabilised. Bob found a concrete pipe
about a foot diameter and Chief ordered one of the large robos to bring and
slowly feed it under the beam while the other carefully removed the rocks that
were in the way. It was a very delicate operation but the robos had far more
control over their power than humans and successfully completed the task. Even
with the beam stabilised the amount of loose rubble above the girl prevented the
rescuers digging down from above. Chief sent in robot camera to assess the
situation. The girl was alive but wouldn't be for much longer if she wasn't got
out. He fed the pictures through to the doctor on the spacestation.

"The girls leg will have to be amputated," came the reply. "Can anyone get
through that pipe?" Sheila was alongside the Chief when the reply came through.

"Well I'm the smallest," she said. She lay on the ground and tried to enter the
pipe. She was just able to get her shoulders through and then was stuck. Chief
pulled her out. Sheila stripped off her top to a remark from one of the
bystanders, "You mustn't get that dirty, Spitfire." She shucked off her trousers
too and revealed her still very colourful bottom to everyone as she lay down.
The natives were amazed and wondered if all white men treated their women that
way. She got in past her shoulders this time but the concrete was rough on her
skin. When pulled out there were scratches on her arms and breasts.

"Hold it, Spitfire. Don't go in yet. You need oiling or greasing and lots of it.
And you need a rope to pull yourself in and you and I need to know what you have
to do once you get in there." He'd done this before as a army survival training
exercise but that was with a larger and smoother plastic pipe.

A rope with a hook was found and threaded through the pipe until the hook
engaged on the far end. Chief summoned his wife to see if she had anything that
would grease a body but the medi-kit only contained small pots of salve. Sheila
took the translator. "I need a large pot of grease or oil so I can slide through
this pipe. Anyone able to help?" Seeing the naked girl, white in the sun looking
straight at them uncaring of her nudity, they would have found anything for her.
There was a flurry of discussion and two ran to a small farmhouse, no more than
a shack really remarkably still standing, and came back with a very large tin of
tractor grease.

She heard the Chief talking to Doc. Johnson and then he put an ear-piece into
her ear and she was in direct contact with the doctor. "Hi, Sheila, It's David,"
he said, "Are you sure you are up to this? It isn't just a matter of crawling
through a pipe, once in there you have to put a needle in the little girl and
then cut her foot off. That's something that should only be attempted under
anesthetic and in sterile conditions. Even if you do succeed, she may still
die."

"I've got to make the attempt. She'll certainly die if I don't and all these
people are depending on me."

"Okay, then. If you're sure. Ask Freida to get you a laser knife and a 10 mil
syringe of the same stuff as was injected into you this morning, I won't give
you its long proper name." She did this and David continued, "Now get greased
up."

She turned back to Chief Ted, I'm to be greased up now. Chief laughed. "Now I do
get to rub your arse and I can do it in front of the wife too!" He took a great
handful and slopped it on her breasts and began smearing it over her body. Kate
appeared with a microphone and asked her what she was going to do. Sheila was
somewhat shocked. She had noticed Jayne and Kate filming all morning but their
paths hadn't crossed too much but now, naked, Jayne had the camera focused on
her and Kate was asking questions. She tried to answer but sometimes they came
out as giggles as Chiefs hands found sensitive and ticklish parts. When she came
to telling Kate she had to cut the girls foot off, her face really fell as the
full impact of what she had to do hit her.

Freida returned just as her husband was greasing Sheila's bum. "You've got your
hands on her bum at last you dirty old bugger." She laughed at him. "And I've
caught you at it. Just wait till I get you home." This was aimed more at the
crowd and gained applause. It lightened the seriousness of the situation. Chief
put the remainder of the grease around the inside of the pipe. It smelt awful
especially as the grease began to heat up in the sun.

Freida showed her how to operate the laser knife and the hypodermic. A robot
camera and light was sent into the pipe and they strapped the knife and needle
to it so she would have nothing to take with her. Jayne also connected her
camera to the monitor set up outside for the others to see what was happening at
the end of the pipe. From Jayne's camera the events would be transmitted
directly to her studio and in fact they networked it world wide.

When neither Chief nor Bob seemed able to control the robot very well, Ben, a
video game fanatic, grabbed the controls and did excellently. A plastic sheet
had been laid on the ground and part way into the pipe entrance since her
earlier attempt so the grease wouldn't pick up dirt. Sheila entered and started
pulling on the rope. Chief tried to lift her body as much as he was able to ease
her passage and prevent some scratching. Even so, she knew she would be badly
scratched by the time she came out and she still wasn't too certain in her mind
she could actually cut through a child's leg in cold blood.

Slowly she worked her way painfully inside pipe until the end of the rope and
then dragged herself another foot or so to reach the child. Sheila spoke
reassuringly to the semi conscious girl even though she knew the child wouldn't
understand a word she was saying.

David talked quietly and continuously as in one long sentence, trying to keep
her calm and stop any panic. "Right now, Sheila, take the syringe, remove the
orange cap, that's it, hold it point upwards and eject a little liquid, now you
see the girls right arm, place the needle against the flesh you see in front of
you, push it in, a little further, now push the plunger all the way down, take
out the needle, put it right out of your way, I am going to talk to Freida now,
Sheila, you need to wait a few moments for the injection to take full effect, I
know it seemed to work quickly on you this morning but you only had a sore bum.
Freida, will you try and get an airline in with extra oxygen. Not too much
pressure as we don't want to increase the amount of dust. Okay back to you
Sheila, this is where you start to your new career as a surgeon, take the laser
knife and remove the cover like Freida showed you, that's right, place it
against the leg, little further towards the knee, that's better, set the control
to 7, can you see it in there?" Sheila stuttered, "Yes." "Good, now just move
your hand round a little, the other way, a little more, Ben can you move the
camera forward slightly so I can see the end of the knife, yes, that's lovely,
Sheila, in a moment I am going to tell you to press the red button and hold it
down while you bring the knife towards the ground in a slicing action, just like
you would with an electric knife on a loaf of bread, there will be a burning
smell that you must ignore, just keep slicing down until I tell you to stop. Are
you ready? Again Sheila stuttered a "Yes." "Press the red button now, bring the
knife slowly down, keep going, going, stop."

Sheila instinctively knew she had finished cutting and had released the button
microseconds before instructed. Surprisingly there was little blood. The laser
knife cauterised the wound as it cut.

"Aaaahg," A gurgled cry came from the girl and then she lay strangely still.
"I've killed her," Sheila screamed, "I've killed her!"

"Calm yourself Sheila." David's reassuring voice came into her ear. "The girl is
not dead, she had a lot more drug than you did in a smaller body. She is
sleeping. Try pulling her towards you."

Sheila did and the girl moved and moaned. Tears flowed from Sheila's eyes making
it difficult for her to see, "She IS alive. She's alive!" Vaguely she heard a
cheer from outside but David's voice was in her ear again. "Try moving her round
a little more so that her head is between your arms." In the confined space it
was difficult but she managed it. Get hold of her under the armpits Sheila and
hold on while Chief and his crew pull you back. It will be painful for you but
try and protect the little one as much as you can. Chief bring her back slowly,
watch the video in case anything snags. Ben, follow them with the camera."

Sheila felt the rope around he ankles tighten and she began to go backwards. She
felt the rough concrete cut her legs, her thighs, her breasts, her back. It
seemed everywhere. Soon her whole body was in the pipe but the girls shoulder
snagged on the lip at the end. "Stop!" Sheila yelled and then freed her from the
obstruction. On they went until she felt hands lifting her legs and trying to
lift them from the rough surface. She was crying helplessly as they lifted her
up blood streaming from innumerable cuts to her body. As they took the girl from
her she saw her face for the first time in daylight. A sweet little face. A face
she would remember all her life.

The next few minutes were a blur. Sheila shook and cried as hands wiped the
grease and blood from her torn body. She saw Jayne with her camera in snapshot
views, she heard Kate asking but she couldn't understand what she was saying.
And then she was lying down but moving. And then a prick in the arm and nothing.

********

She awoke in a hospital bed in the spacestation. Chris was at her side holding
her hand. Seeing she was awake he kissed her over and over again. On a chair at
her bedside she saw her blue trousers and her psychedelic top. "Got to keep out
of Chief's way. He promised to tan my arse for that."

"I think you will get away with it this time. Freida's already threatened to use
the laser knife on his balls if he touches you again. She hasn't forgiven him
for the way he massaged the grease over your tits and bum," laughed Chris.

"Is the girl okay?"

"As far as we know, yes. They dropped her off at Trujillo hospital and she
should be fine."

"Did you know you are a world wide heroine?"

"No?"

"Jayne's film and Kate's commentary went out live and was picked up by stations
throughout Europe, North and South America and many other countries. James
ordered a complete ban on interviews and phone calls to you but Jayne and Kate
are still here. They were exhausted as were most of the others in your group.
Almost all work stopped here and I could hardly see the screen for tears. I know
there is no God but I prayed all the same. Some fainted when you cut the girl's
foot off. Seems most of the world stopped work at the time."

"Does my body look a mess? Have you seen it? I haven't dared to look."

"Your body will always look good to me," replied Chris, "But it does look like
you've been pulled through a thorny hedge backwards." He lifted the sheet for
her to see. "David says most will heal in a few days but the bruises will last
longer."

"Where's Charles?"

"Outside the door."

"Charles, please come in." Chris have you a gown I can wear? A nice fancy one."

"No, but Helga has."

He went to the phone, made a call and shortly after Helga entered with a random
psychedelic patterned gown. "You'll get me the sack," she said as Sheila thanked
her. "Good job you have friends in high places. I asked Ralph himself order its
making."

Sheila tried to stand but was still very wobbly on her feet. Her body did indeed
look a mess. Hardly a square inch of her front and sides remained unscratched
but she had been cleaned up. They helped her on with the new cape. David
entered, "And where do you think you are going?"

"Must be nearly dinnertime. I'm starving." She looked at the clock. 7.02. "Damn,
it'll be over. Call yourself a boyfriend," she chided Chris, "And you didn't
even wake me for dinner!" Then it clicked. They used the 24 hour clock system
here. "It's morning?"

"Yes, you should be in time for P.E. but I can give you an excuse note," laughed
David. "Why don't you lie down for a bit. You get breakfast in bed here."

"No I want to see the others. Charles please carry me to the bedroom. Be gentle
please, I'm a bit sore."

"Only the four who had stayed were up. The others were given a day off. They
were a bit jealous and wished they had gone but seeing Sheila trying to walk
towards them holding on the Charles obviously in much worse condition than they,
thought perhaps they made the right decision after all. They chatted for a short
while until taken to the hall for the dreaded P.E.




Chapter 7. Banned to Earth

Sheila, pleaded, begged, cajoled, wheedled, threatened, demanded, cried and
sobbed. She tried everything she could think of. All to no avail. They were
going to send her back to Earth. In the three weeks since arriving back from
Peru, she had almost fully recovered. Feint marks from her first caning remained
and a few minor cuts and bruises from concrete pipe but she could move round
without any problem. Apart from the few days of her period she made love with
Chris every night. 'Made love' might make it sound as it was a gentle,
restrained affair. Not so. Certainly there was love but Sheila threw herself
into it with unrestrained energy. They fucked hard and it long no mattered where
they were. When they could, they borrowed Jackie's room, but if that was
occupied then the beds in the bedroom sufficed even though their performance was
watched, and commented on by others in the group. James still wouldn't allow her
to sleep in Chris' room.

Chris too was very upset at her enforced departure. He tried to persuade James
and then Ralph to let her stay. Ralph might have agreed to it as Sheila was a
favourite of his and he too would be sorry when she left, but he said his son
was now in charge and he couldn't override his wishes on that point.

Jayne and Kate had agreed to let Sheila stay in their flat so she did have a
place to go to but no money and no job. The reporters did not see that as a
problem given her fame, they could get her work. She didn't want anything other
than to stay.

James frequently pointed out that he had told her right at the beginning not to
get too involved with Chris. She hadn't really listened then. She had to listen
now.

Departure was in a hour. An idea came. A desperate one but if the suffragettes
could do it so could she. Summoning Charles, she had the robot clasp her to one
of the main pillars of the Spacestation. "Hold me tight Charles and don't let me
go until I tell you."

James was furious. He brought in a couple of the newer robos and commanded
Sheila to have Charles release her. "You don't want Charles damaged do you?
These two robos can easily pull Charles arms away to release you but they would
damage his mechanism. So release yourself."

Sheila had no choice. She commanded Charles to let go and stood in front of
James. "What have I got to do to stay here? Beat up another old lady? I don't
think I could take 48 strokes of the cane!"

"And if you did that, you would sent back immediately afterwards. Now get your
stuff and be ready to leave." Sobbing and watched by two robos, she did as she
was told. Marjorie, George, Rachel and others came by to say tearful good-byes.
They didn't agree with James' decision but couldn't do anything about it.

*******

Jayne and Kate met her when she landed. They filmed her arrival and her sobbing,
heart rending story. It was broadcast and picked up at the station but if
anything it only served to harden James' resolve.

Kate and Jayne did try and comfort her in the only way they knew. They lay
Sheila between their naked bodies and hugged and kissed her. They fondled her
breasts, and sexual parts and skillfully brought her several climaxes. They were
able to calm her down and as the days passed the trio got to know each other
better. They all slept naked in one bed but while their attentions were better
than nothing, Sheila still craved for Chris' cock and his love. She spent long
periods alone, very depressed and weeping."

Jayne particularly tried to help and between her and Kate's contacts they were
able to arrange for her to appear on radio and TV shows. These brought in more
money than she had ever seen before and created an interest and served to
brighten her day if only for an hour or two each time. It also allowed her to
rent a room of her own not far from the Studio but without the company she
became more introverted and depressed.

Four weeks after Sheila's return to Earth, Kate came bouncing into the flat.
"Hey Spitfire, how would you like to go and see Evara? She's out of hospital now
and in another children's home in Trujillo." Evara was the little girl whose
life she had saved. "My boss says we can fly out and film you and her together
again. Would that cheer you up?"

The trio flew out business class and were treated like royalty. It was a long,
dreary flight though with a change of planes at Lima. During this time she
became very withdrawn reflecting on what could have been it only James wasn't so
stubborn. She did want to see the girl again and in fact actually to see her.
All she had seen was a comatose body lying in semi-darkness under a pile of
rock. She had seen the TV pictures of her in the hospital but that wasn't like
the real living girl. "How will I communicate with her without the translator?
Will she know anything about me? Will she still be in agony?" All these thought
kept racing through her mind as she flew in a 'real plane' for the first time.
Kate and Jayne were dosing so she had to keep these thoughts bottled up inside
her.

In the event, she needed have worried. Evara was lively and stormed around the
room on crutches. Sheila chased her and they ended up tickling each other on the
floor. Jayne filmed it all and transmitted it live. 24hours News had hyped the
event and worked up a lot of world wide media attention. They wanted to a make
as much money as possible from the tragic reunion.

Sheila wore the multicoloured 'blue suit' and shoes she had brought back from
Molly Spacestation. It was the outfit viewers would remember her shedding before
she wormed her naked body into the concrete pipe. A local woman who spoke
English well enough to be readily understood had been provided to accompany them
at the home. She told them what might happen to Evara in the future and showed
Sheila the false foot that Evara would wear when the wound had healed
sufficiently and was less tender. It was a simple plastic affair. Seeing it,
Sheila burst into tears. She remembered the beautiful fully working hand Chris
had made. "My Chris would make a much better one," she cried, "But they won't
let me even ask him."

Seeing her new friend upset, little Evara, having no understanding of what
caused the distress ran and threw her arms around Sheila's neck. It was a
poignant scene and one that touched the hearts of millions of viewers.

Later that day, Sheila attended a formal ceremony at which she was awarded a
silver medal for her bravery but that didn't have the same appeal as the
informal romp at the home. Next day she saw Evara again but without the camera
and only for an hour before they caught the flight home.

The broadcast was of course picked up on Molly. All who saw it were very moved
and many now openly expressed their disagreement with James' for turning her
away. She had brightened their life for a short time and would welcome her back
if they could. James too was moved but stubbornness, pride and loss of face
wouldn't allow him to back down. As head of the spacestation he couldn't be seen
to let that young girl get the better of him.




Chapter 8. Return 'home'

Chris lay in a hospital bed, in fact the one Sheila had used on her return.
Blearily and crying he watched Sheila and Evara. When he heard her outburst,
"Why won't they let her come back to me!" he screamed the words at the top of
his voice. Doctor Johnson came in and tried to calm him and give him a sedative
but it was refused. "Let me die, Doc. Let me die. Life is no longer worth
living."

"It could be if only you would start eating," the doctor said. Chris had become
very depressed when Sheila was forced to leave. He gave up eating until too weak
and they had to force feed him semi-liquid food. It kept him alive but that was
all. His mind was a blank. Yvonne pleaded unsuccessfully with James to allow the
girl's return arguing that she didn't want to lose one of her finest designer
engineers. James still stubbornly refused to listen to reason.

*****

Six weeks after the return of the twelve captives, Ralph and James thought the
message should be repeated at different locations. The previous episode was no
longer headline news and lawlessness was on the rise again. Marjorie overheard
James speaking with Kate and just in time managed to link her phone in with his.
When James finished speaking, Marjorie still held the line open and was able to
contact Kate directly.

"Kate, don't hang up. This is Marjorie. I'm not supposed to talk to you but I
fiddled the connection while James was talking. It's a one and only chance I may
get so I probably can't get back to you again. How's Spitfire?"

"She's alive but dead. We can amuse her for an hour or two but the rest of the
time she is lifeless. The fire has gone out of her."

"Its the same with Chris. He stopped eating and is being force fed in the
hospital. He'll die before long if we don't get her to him."

"What can we do Marjorie?"

"Listen, here is my plan."

******

The four RH500's hovered eight miles above their targets. Robert and Marjorie
were over London. First they had to pick up the reporters from south of the
Thames and then proceed to a Finchley, a trouble spot in north London. The
navigator and co-pilot set the air chute down right outside of the Studio and
Marjorie, Robert and four robos descended. Two watched the outer door while the
humans and remaining robos rushed to the flat. Robert ordered his robo to bring
the camera gear while Marjorie's picked up a nearby large box labelled computer
equipment. Within minutes they were all back in the spacecraft and had returned
to their position above the target and were watching the events below as they
were revealed on their monitors.

A group of six white males and four females all armed with staves, looked as if
they were about to ambush a group of unsuspecting Asians sauntering homeward
across some waste ground. In seconds, the spacecraft plunged from eight miles
down to eighty feet then eight feet. Two bluemen firing silent stun guns and ten
robos emerged. They were fractionally too late to prevent two of the Asians
being hit by the youths but all ten of the attackers lay unconscious on the
ground. Only a minute later the crew, robos and the ten men and women were on
their way to Spacestation Molly.

They were the second craft to return and the first was still being unloaded.
Marjorie ordered a couple of robos to transport the camera gear and the large
box and show the ladies to their room.

"Don't open the box until things get well underway in the hall and James is
occupied," Marjorie whispered to Jayne.

Half an hour later nearly everyone was in the hall, undressing and checking the
captives. There were 19 so far and another craft had just arrived. Marjorie came
back to the ladies ostensibly checking everything was alright for them and to
see if they needed anything. Stooping to the box she whispered through an air
hole, "Spitfire, You'll have to wait a little while longer so control your
impatience but once all the spacecraft are in and their cargo unloaded, then it
should go very quiet here as everyone will be in the hall. Then you can slip out
and call for Charles. He is in James' room and they haven't re-programmed him so
he will still only respond to your voice. Get him to take you to the hospital.
Chris is there. David will be in the hall doing blood tests and things so you
should have it all to yourselves. I don't know what James'll say when he finds
out. No doubt you will think of an answer. Good luck"

A whispered, "Thanks," came back.

The last spacecraft came in and transported its human cargo to the hall. Jayne
and Kate left for the hall too and started preliminary filming. "Watch the
camera for a moment Kate while I get a filter" Jayne said it just loud enough
for James to hear but he was otherwise occupied. Jayne went to the room and
opened the box. Small though she was, there wasn't much room in it and Sheila
felt cramps in her muscles.

"You ought to have worn a less conspicuous outfit," Jayne whispered.

"No, this is my home and I am staying. I can't hide forever. Just for a hour or
so." She did grab one of the sheets from the bed and covered herself as she made
her way to James' room.

"Charles, please come here." There was a click and the digital lock freed the
door. "Charles, please carry me to the hospital and to Chris." Swiftly and
silently she arrived at Chris' bedside. She was aghast at the sight. Chris was
pale and gaunt. His eyes were closed and his breathing shallow. A shadow of his
former self.

Tears streamed down her cheeks as she cried out, "Chris, Chris, wake up. Look at
me. I'm back my love." An eyelid flickered open. Then again soon both eyes
stared at her.

"Is it really you Sheila? It isn't a dream?"

"No, my love." She gave him a light punch in the chest. "Did that feel real?"
She climbed under the sheet and held him closely to her. "Does this feel real?"
She planted a long kiss on his lips. They held each other for a long while until
David appeared at the door. He looked at her. Then smiled.

"I'm not going to ask how you got here and I don't think James knows as I just
left him but I do know you are the best medicine Chris can have."

"What does he have to do to get better?"

"Eat. But not real solid food yet. He's been too long on baby food mush we have
forced down his throat to have much yet. Needs little and often. There some in
the fridge and you can warm it in the microwave for about 10 seconds. I haven't
seen you and I must get these tests done."

"How long before James gives his speech to the newcomers?"

"Few are awake yet so I guess a little under an hour. Why? You aren't going
to......? Are you?" On your head be it. Now I must get on. Nice to see you
though."

She started to feed Chris spoonful by spoonful but then put some on her nipple
and allowed him to suck it from there. It was getting to be like old times. When
he'd had as much as it seemed he could take she kissed him and said she would be
back shortly.

******

James had nearly finished his rehearsed speech about traditional methods of
punishment and what the effect on them would be. Whispering to Charles and
wearing her multi-coloured gown, she rode on his shoulders into the hall. They
came in slightly behind James and the audience saw her before he did. They fell
silent . She stood as high as she could and allowed the light to play on the
random pattern psychedelic colours. A professional actor could not have made a
more dramatic entrance. Her arms were outstretched Christ-like or like a modern
angel. She knew too that she was centred in Jayne's lens and this was being sent
out live.

"I am Sheila, better known here as Spitfire. About two months ago, I came here
like you after having beaten and cut the face of a pensioner for just �12.58.
Like you are going to be, I was caned. I had 16 strokes, if you are lucky you
will only get twelve. Some of the stripes still show faintly across my arse.
They hurt then. They hurt like hell. They hurt like hell for days but gradually
I learned why they were given. I received not just pain but self esteem. People
cared for me. For the first time in my life I had real friends. I was part of a
community. I am still part of that community. So I say to you all, if you are
one of the chosen ones who are given a month to stay here, be glad. My life, the
life of those who were with me for that month changed completely for the better.
Your lives will too. Just don't make judgements before the end of the month.
Only then will you appreciate what is being done for you."

Sheila turned slightly towards James, "I will be here too and will try and help
you particularly through the first few very difficult days when you think
nothing will take away the pain, the humiliation and the torment. Remember you
will get through it and come out the other side in far better shape than you are
now. If someone my size can, then you can too." She jumped down from Charles
shoulders and her diminutive size immediately became apparent. "I was  appointed
supervisor to the previous group and now I will be your supervisor, your link
with Mr. James and the bosses. I will help you in any way I can so that by the
end of your month, you can take your place in a better world, a better England."

Sheila paused. "Over now to you Mr. James. I have a patient to attend to." She
turned to Charles, "Take me back to Chris please."

For a few minutes James stood dumbfounded. A thousand questions went through his
mind. How? Why? Surely it wasn't possible? But his captives were waiting and
Spitfire had left the room. He couldn't but help admire her courage. For her to
come back and openly present herself before him and do it in a way, that he
couldn't reject. That took skill and courage.

A round of applause went up from the assembled Bluemen. Some of the captives
would have joined in too had not their hands been tied.

James knew he had to let her stay.


Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





