BDSM Library - The Taking




The Taking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl struts her stuff once too often in front of the wrong man.
Property of the author. Please no reproduction without consent.



The Taking                bdsm, sci-fi, extreme





     She walked past the house every day, as she had for all the years she went
to school. Someone new lived there now, a middle aged man who sat on the steps,
watching the kids walk by. She would smile and say hi, and he would do the same,
but she could feel his eyes boring into her as she passed. She would sometimes
exagerrate the sway of her hips, and thrust her tight little ass cheeks back
against the fabric of her dress as she passed, knowing that he was watching.

     Having just turned 18, she was no stranger to sexual desire, but her
experiences so far had only been incomplete gropings in the back seats of high
school boys' cars. She thought about it a lot though, more than she would like
to admit. She would look at a male and imagine him naked, picture herself naked
beneath him, spreading her legs to take the cock that she longed for.

    Most days she would have to change her panties when she got home, panties soiled
from a succession of secretions, the result of her carnal fantasies.

    She found herself looking forward to the daily pass by the house, and she
found herself starting to pick out clothes that would show off more of her body.
Short, tight skirts and bare midriff  blouses were her daily choices now. And
everyday, the slow, deliberate parade past the man on the porch. She began to
hate the weekends, missing the weekday passes by the house.

    She would stand in front of her mirror, trying on different outfits, and
imagining his eyes burning through them to the warm naked body underneath.

    On this day, a Saturday, she put on a pair of cut-off jeans over a pair of
thong panties. The jeans were so short that her ass cheeks bulged out from under
the back pockets. She put on a pair of heels and stood in front of the full
length mirror. Standing there topless, she would shift her weight from one leg
to the other, watching in the mirror as her ass cheeks wiggled and her young,
pert tits bounced with the movement. She slipped a tube top over her head, and
spent a minute trying to fit the fullness of her tits into the straining fabric.
A good six inches of cleavage showed above the top and the fabric didn't even
touch her ribs on the bottom, it was held away by the firm mounds, the swell of
which bulged out through the gap. She stood back to inspect herself in the
mirror.

      " My God, I look like the perfect slut" she thought.

     But she was compelled. Compelled to sneak out of the house through the
downstairs back door, and compelled to begin her walk, the walk that would take
her by the house.

    From a few houses away, she saw that  he was there. Sitting on the steps
reading his morning paper. He put the paper down and watched her approach. She
felt her nipples harden and protrude through the fabric of her top. She had no
intention of stopping as she slowed, only walking by , until he spoke.

    " Good, morning. So good to see you on a weekend. Thought I would have to
wait until Monday to see you again ", he said.



       So smooth, so cool. As if she were standing there in a full lenght coat.
Not three quarters naked and obviously aroused, like she was.

   " Oh, yeah, good morning. I was, uh, just going to meet some friends". She
could hear her voice shaking as she replied.

    " Nonsense. It's going to be such a warm day. I have some iced tea inside
that I just made. Come in and join me".

  With that he stood and held out his hand.

  She really had no intention of going into the house with him, but again she
was compelled, as if a different person controlled her actions. Instinct told
her to turn and run, but she did not. She took the proferred hand and allowed
herself to be led up the stairs, wobbly in her heels, and knees shaking with the
undercurrent of excitement.

  She allowed herself to be led into the kitchen.

  " Sit" he said, indicating a chair at the table. "It'll only take a second,
I'll get us that tea".

Sitting, she took a quick look around. She could see into the living room, and
another room beyond.

  " Weird", she thought. Even though the house had furniture, she saw nothing
else. No TV, no pictures on the walls, no bric-a-brac, nothing.

   She heard him fumbling around behind her, and the sound of a metal lid being
removed from a jar. She heard his footsteps approaching her chair. A smell like
cleaning fluid assailed her nose, and she started to turn. Had she ever smelled
choloform before, she would have recognized the smell right away, but alas, she
had not.



   She awoke from her drugged sleep to find herself in a nightmare. She hung,
totally naked, by her wrists, her feet barely touching the floor. Her clothes
had been cut away from her, and she was dimly aware of them in a pile at her
feet. A bar ran between her ankles and spread her legs open. Indeed, she made a
beautiful X shape, hanging there naked , barely swaying. As her senses returned,
she tried to scream, but found that she had been gagged. An overwhelming fear
took her, and she pissed, the stream hitting the floor with an audible splash,
the remainder running down her thighs. A maniacal cackle erupted from behind
her, a sound so otherworldly that it stood the hair on the back of her neck on
end. He jumped in front of her.

   "Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Master will be pleased, very pleased indeed" and he
cackled again.

    He stood back, looking at her. He, too, was naked and in one hand he held a
wicked looking whip. In the other hand he held his cock, a giant, ugly mass of
flesh that was swelling to an even greater size as he stroked it.

   " For you, my sweet, all for you" he hissed.

    Without another word he struck her across her breasts with the whip.
Unbelievable, searing pain registered in her brain. She collapsed against the
restraining chain that held her wrists. This could not be, she thought, this
simply could not be happening to her. Another full blow of the whip caught her
directly across her nipples, and in that instant she knew she would go mad,
there was just no place else to go; her mind was just going to explode. The
whipping continued unabated.

  She was just vaguely aware of being let down. The cackling man now held his
rigid mass of flesh in both hands, and shoved it fully into her virgin slit,
pounding away all resistance until he was in her up to his balls. He pulled the
bloody shaft out of her and grabbed the spreader bar, still attached to her
ankles. He pushed her legs back until he could lock the bar behind her neck.
Holding his cock head against her ass, he began to exert enough pressure to
allow just the very tip to spread the tight opening. Before he was through, he
was lifting his feet off the ground and letting his body weight force the shaft
into her bowels. She was beyond caring..........

    When she didn't arrive home that night, the police were called. Her parents
were told that a missing persons report couldn't be filed until 48 hrs had
passed, that she was considered an adult, and to check with her friends, that
young people frequently did this sort of thing........

     The cop car in the neighborhood attracted the attention of some neighbors
who dutifully reported that they had seen her that morning going into a house
down the block. She had been scantily dressed, and was seen going into the house
with a man.

    When the cops screeched up to the house, it was dark inside, not a light to
be seen. A quick, outside check showed nothing amiss, but one of the cops
noticed a realtor's lock box on the front door.

    Her parents showed up and demanded to know what they had found.

    " Well, ma'am. According to the realtor's records, noone has lived in this
house since the owner moved out, three months ago".



                                                      End  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





