BDSM Library - Command Performance




Command Performance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A female is property of her master and who's only purpose is for his pleasure and entertainment, right?
Command Performance
By Sonny6961


You stand before me and say,    'Master, you property is here for you enjoyment,
how may I serve you.'

I purposely allow several minutes go by and just stare at you.

'Show me that you have followed the dress code as instructed', I snap.

Without hesitation you pull the white blouse from you skirt waistband and
starting at the bottom, you unbutton it.  You then pull the blouse apart
exposing you tits to me.  You feel the cool air from the air conditioner gently
blowing across you chest and you are aware that your nipples have become hard
and erect.  After releasing the blouse you reach down to the bottom of your
skirt and gently lift is up to you waist exposing you cunt to me.  You stand
there awaiting my next command.

'Strip and assume the inspection stance.'

You quickly slip the blouse off you your shoulders and toss it in the corner. 
Next you unbutton and unzip the skirt letting it drop to the floor around you
ankles.  You step out of the skirt and kick to out of the say.  You next remove
your shoes and throw them on the pile of clothes.  You know from training that I
demand that ever inch of my property be accessible to me at all times.  You
spread you feet about 3 feet apart, raise you hands to the back of your head and
lock your fingers together.  You make sure that the elbows are straight out to
your side.  Even with your eyes cast down to the floor, this position pushes
your tits out and up for full view.

I casually rise from the chair and walk around you eyeing my property.  I stop
in front you and run my hand along the sides of your face feeling the texture of
the skin.   I then place one hand on your chin, the other on your upper lip and
force your mouth open.  I look into your mouth and instruct you to stick out
your tongue.  After releasing your mouth, I walk around to your back and you
feel me running my hands through your long beautiful red hair and hear me sniff
your fragrance.  I then place both hands on either side of your neck and massage
the muscles.  Taking my right hand I firmly slide it down the right side of your
back to your ass.  I then kneed your ass cheek as if I am kneading bread dough. 
Next I reach below you cheek and move my hand up and down watching you ass
giggle.  I repeat the same procedure on the left side.

Stepping around to stand in front of you again I reach out with my left hand,
grasp you nipple between my finger and thumb and lift you tit up.  This creates
a sudden release of air from your lips as you feel the pain in you nipple.  I
take my right hand and rub the underside of you tit.  Releasing your nipple your
tit falls back down and bounces a couple of times.  Taking you tit in both hands
I squeeze and poke the flesh.  I do the same with the left tit.  I just love to
play with these 38C beauties.  I especially love to cause them pain.

Placing both hands on your stomach, I slide them down and play with your public
area.  I love my property to have a lot of public hair, the more to grab hold of
once in a while and lead you around with.

I then bend down on one knee, place my hands on either side of you right ankle
and start to slowly work my way up your leg massaging the muscles as I go.  I
move to your calves, past your knee, along your thigh and stop just before
touching you pussy.  I can tell that you would have liked me to continue on up. 
I do the same with the left leg.

I get up and move around to your back.

'Bend over for inspection,' I command.

You bend over, reach out your arms in front of you and grab hold of the back of
the chair.

Standing there I look at your beautiful tits hanging down below you. 
Remembering this is one of my favorite sights, I reach under you and grab you
right nipple.  I then shake it back and forward watching your tits jiggle.  I
then place my hand under your tit and mash it up into your body.  Suddenly
releasing it I watch it fall towards the floor and enjoy the movement.  I do
this several times while wondering what your were feeling when I do it.  Oh
well, do I really care?

Standing behind you I reach down with two fingers and shove them in you cunt. 
The suddenness of it takes you by surprise and you gasp.  I move my fingers
around and find that you are moist and ready.

'I am glad to see you have remembered your training and have kept your pussy wet
and lubricated at all times for my pleasure,' I comment.

I reach around to the front of your mouth and you suck on my fingers to clean
them.

'When is the last time you cleaned your ass?' I asked.

'I had an enema this morning and have made sure not to eat anything all day,'
your reply.

I again insert one finger into your cunt, remove it and while holding your ass
open with one hand, I rubbed my finger around you tight hole and then slowly
inserted it into your ass.  After completely imbedding it deep into your ass, I
removed it and was pleased to see it was clean.  Taking a towel and some
alcohol, I washed my finger making sure it is clean.  I demand a healthy and
clean slave you know.

'I am pleased to see that your have taken care of my property since our last
meeting.'  I say as I stand up, reach around and pat your ass.

'Get on the bed on your back and spread your legs,' I command.

As you assume the position, I remove a pair of handcuffs from my toy pack, walk
to your left side.  I take your left hand attach the handcuff to your wrist,
pull your arm to the corner of the bed and attached it to the post.  I then walk
to your right side and do the same thing.  I then remove to Velcro cuffs with
cord attached and attach one to your right ankle and secure it to the end of the
bed.  I then attach the other to your left ankle and as I attached it to the
other side of the bed I pull hard forcing your legs so far apart that you wince
in pain and feel you cunt lips pulled open and the cool air rushing into you. 

I then remove a blindfold, lift your head and slip it over your eyes and round
your head.  You are now spread eagle with your sight taken away thus heightening
your other senses.

I stand at the bottom of the bed admiring you property. 

You feel my weight of the bed as I crawl up between you outstretched legs and
lay down on you.  Since I am still dressed, you feel the material of my shirt as
it is drags across you nipples and then feel you tits crushed.  I roughly take a
handful of you hair, pull back with it forcing your head to tile back and you
mouth to fly open in an effort to utter a groan from the pain.  Before you have
the time to groan, I mash my lips to your open mouth and give you a long
passionate kiss, allowing my tongue to explore your mouth.  The suddenness of
the move has caught you off guard but you shortly respond by returning the kiss. 

Releasing your hair and braking the kiss, I slowly slide my lips down to you're
right tit and gently kiss and nibble on you nipple.  With my right hand I
squeeze your left tit and alternately pinch and pull your nipple.  After several
minutes of this, I start to vigorously suck on your right tit; the only thing
that would make it better for me is if you were actually producing milk for my
pleasure.  I become rougher with your right tit.  I then change tits and repeat
the process.

I finally slide down you stomach to your public area and rub my face back and
forth across you bush enjoying he feeling on my face.  Just as you start to give
off little moans, I suddenly bare my teeth and bight down on the sensitive skin;
hard enough to elicit a shard scream from you making sure not break the skin or
produce a bruise.

I then slip between your legs so that I am within 6 inches from your cunt.  I
let your fell my breath on you cunt lips before turning my head to the side and
start to lick the inside of you right thigh.  As you begin to squirm you ass
aroung in the bed, I switch to your left thigh.  After I have has the pleasure
of tasting you thighs and smelling the sweet aroma from your hot cunt, I slowly
inch up to your sweet area and very gently stick out my tongue and slide the
very tip up and down your right cunt lip.  I then do the same with your left
side and alternate back for forth as I reach up to your tits and play with your
sensitive nipples.  After I feel that you are properly manipulated, I rise of
the bed, sit in the chair and watch you calm down from your high.  I see your
frustration with not being allowed to go all the way.  As I watch you I
contemplate my next move with my property now that I have you properly
sensitized.  A horny slave does perform better your know.

You lay on the bed tied spread eagle, blindfolded and straining to listen for
any movement.  You have calmed down from our playtime and I am quietly setting
on the chair admiring the curves of you body and those fantastic 38C tits.

Well on with my pleasures.  I get up from the chair and release you legs.  You
give a little sigh as the acking pain that was brought on by the extreme
splitting of your legs is eased.   I also release your arms and take the
blindfold off.

'Get off the bed and stand in the middle of the room.' I command.

You quickly comply with my wishes but I noticed from the corner of my eye that
when my head is turned away from you, you slide a hand between your legs to get
some release.  I suddenly turn and slap you hands away from you cunt.

'You know that is not allowed, you will only play with yourself when it suites
me for my entertainment.  Now place you hands behind your back.'  As you comply
I take one of the handcuffs and place them on your wrist.

Standing in front of you I start to play with both of your tits.  It's time for
a little reinforcement training to make sure you know your place in life.

'Tell your master what your are.'  I say as I continue to play with your tits.

'I am your slave,' you reply.

I take my hand and swiftly flick my finger across you nipples.  'And what else'

'I am you slut,' you reply after wincing from the nipple flick.

Again I flick my fingers across you nipples.  'And'

'I am you fuck toy,' you hastily reply.

This time I swing my right hand and slapped your left tit.  'And,'  I repeated.

After you cry out you say,  'I am your whore, I am your pussy, I am the
receptacle of your cum, I am your property, I am whatever you want me to be,
please master don't slap your slave's tit again.  Tell me what you want and I
will perform.'

'You know that you will have to be punished for touching your cunt without
permission don't you,' I smiled.

You lower your head in submissive fashion.

I reach behind your back and remove the handcuffs.  'But first remove your
master's clothes and pay respect.'

As I stand in front of you, you unbutton my shirt, slide it off of my shoulders
and drop it on the pile of your clothes.  You then kneel down, lift my right
foot, slide off my shoe and remove my sock.  You repeat the same process with
the other foot.  Reaching up to my belt your unfasten it, unbutton the waste
band button and slowly slide the zipper down.  Grasping the side of my pants you
slide them down to the floor and lifting each leg toss them on the pile. 
Hooking your fingers in my underwear your slide them off my hips.  As you move
them further down, they hang up slightly on my hard dick.  Suddenly it releases
and bounces up and down a couple of time pointing directly at your face.  After
you have placed the underwear on the pile, you ease forward on your knees until
you mouth in only an inch from my hard dick.  With you hand you reach up and cup
my balls while wrapping your fingers around my shaft with the other.  Your body
and movements are so exciting to me that a drop of precum appears on the head of
my dick.  You extend your tongue out to collect the precum and move it to your
mouth.  You then lean forward, kiss the very tip of my dick and then stick the
very end of you tongue into its small hole.  Sitting back on your legs, you
await further instructions. 

'That is a very good obedient cunt,' I reply, trying not to show how turned on I
am by your beauty.  'Would you like to suck me dick.'

'Oh please master, my I suck on you,' you reply.

'First we must get your earned punishment out of the way, stand up.'

I can see your disappointment as you rise to comply with my command.  I reach
into my bag and remove a pair of nipple clamps that have a chain attached.  As
you watch I turn the screw opening up the clamps.  Taking your right nipple
between my thumb and finger, I begin the twist it clockwise and counter
clockwise several times.  I then start pinching and pulling on the nipple. 
Reaching for the ice bucket, I pick up a peace of ice and slowly rub it around
you nipple watching it get bigger and stick out.  Once satisfied with its size,
I place the clamp over the nipple and begin to turn the screw.   I enjoy
watching your nipple becoming compressed flat by the clamp.  I continue until I
hear a groan from you and then for good measure I give the screw another half
turn and enjoy the grimes that appears on you face.  I repeat the same procedure
with your left nipple.

I then set on the chair and enjoy watching you stand there clenching your fist
and shuttering from the pain generated by your tits.  I am amazed at your
control, knowing that you are fighting the instinct to grasp your tits with your
hands to try and relieve the pain.  Gradually you relax and I know that the
combination of the pain subsiding to a dull ache and your mind control has taken
effect.  I then get up, reach into the bag, remove a leash and attach it to the
chain hanging between you tits.   Without saying a work, I lead you by your tits
to the bathroom.

Standing over the stool and with yon beside me I say, 'I need to relieve
myself.'

I am pleased to see that you have not forgotten your training as you reach down
with your hand, wrap your fingers aroung my dick and point it down toward the
stool.   After I have finished I have to chuckle to myself as your even remember
that men shake their dick up and down to knock the last bit of moisture off. 

'Relieve yourself,' I command.

You squat over the stool and since the seat is up you do not set.  I remind
myself that the only purpose this exercise does it to insure obedience and
besides I like to see the humiliation that you display having to piss while
someone is watching.  When you are through, I lead you by your tits back into
the bedroom.  I remove the leash and in its place I hang a 9-ounce weight.  The
visual results are immediate as your tits are being pulled down by the weight. 
I then force you to your knees and place you head on the chair.  I take a minute
to admire your body as your ass is presented to me and your tits hang down,
being stretched by the weight.  Placing my foot between your legs, I moved it
back and forwards forcing your legs far apart.  Reaching down I inserted two
fingers into your pussy to make sure it was still sufficiently wet.  Removing
them, I inserted three fingers as far as they would go.

I notice you are breathing hard and shoving your ass back onto my hand to try to
get more.

'Oh god please sir, please finger my pussy so this slut can come for you,' you
whine.

I remove them and then shove four fingers up your pussy.

'Oh yes oh god oh pleases, please let this whore cum,' you beg.

'Think you can take a fist up your cunt today whore,' I whisper into your ear as
I wiggle my fingers inside your pussy.

'Oh yes, oh yes, anything just please let me cum.' your reply.

I work my thumb into your pussy and then start to form a fist, expanding the
walls of you snatch in order to do so.

'Ahhh  god,  ohhhh that hurts,' you mutter between sobs.

After making a fist, I began to rotate it as if opening a door.

'Yes, yes, yes, keep doing it sir I am about to cum, please master give me
permission to cum,' you practically scream.

There is a popping sound as I swiftly jerk my clench fist from your pussy.

'No, no, please put it back in, I need it, please fuck me,' I hear you say as I
reach into the bag and bring out a wooden paddle.

'First thing first, we have to attend to your punishment for being disobedient. 
I think ten strikes alternating on each ass cheek and you pussy will assure that
it does not happen again.  You loudly count each stroke and thank me or it'

You make no comment as you resolve to the fact that what I said was going to
happen regardless of how much you pleaded.

The paddle in my hand is only 3 inches in diameter, rather small, and has a long
handle on it.  I look between your legs and see your swollen cunt lips all
puckered out displaying your sexual frustrations.

I raise the paddle and bring it down on you left ass cheek producing a loud
smack.

Ohhh, one, thank you sir.'

I hesitate a moment and then swing the paddle down on you right ass cheek.

Ohhh, two, thank you sir.'

I again look at your protruding cunt lips and remind myself that they are awful
sensitive in this state so I make sure not to swing as hard as I did no your
ass.  Smack!

'Ahhh, god, ohhh damn three, thank your sir.'

As I continue to administer the remaining strokes, I am amused at how as your
receive the strikes, your body jumps causing your tits to jerk the weights into
the air and then fall again stretching your tits.  

Smack.

'Ahhhh, ten, thank you sir,' you mutter.

I take a moment to admire your ass and pussy.  I can not decide which appears to
be redder.

'Stand up," I command.

After your have struggled to stand, which was difficult with your hands still
handcuffed behind your back, I hold your head between my hands and kiss away
your tears.

After you have composed yourself, I ask, 'would you liked to be fucked now'.

'Oh please, more than anything in the world, please fuck me,' you whisper.

I move to the bed lay down on my back with my dick sticking straight up in the
air.

'Come and mount me slowly slut.'

You struggle to climb on the bed and straddle my body without the use of your
hands but you finally manage it.  As you are up on you knees you move to align
my dick with your hungry pussy.  I am just lying there enjoying watching you do
all the work and not lifting a hand to help.

Finally you feel my dick tough your cunt lips and your start to slide it into
you pussy.

'Slowly,' I remind you.

You gradually lower yourself onto my throbbing shaft.  You mind gets mixed
signals as you feel your recently whipped cunt lips being stretched yet the
wonderful feeling of a dick sliding up into you.  Once you have taken all of me,
you start to move up and down slowly and at the same time rotate your hips. 

I lay there watching as you start to move faster and see the expression change
on your face.  You do not seem to even notice that the violent movements are
causing the weights attached to your tits to bounce aroung, pulling and tugging
on you nipples.  After several minutes of constantly increasing the tempo of you
movements and producing moans of pleasure, you lean you head back as if you are
looking and the sealing and say,  'I've got to cum master, I can not help
myself, pleeeaaaasssee'.

'Cum bitch cum.' I command as I quickly reach up, take hold of the nipple clamps
and pull them off.

'AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH'  you scream as you feel the pain of the blood rushing back
into your nipples.  At the same time your body is bucking, shaking and quivering
almost like you are in some kind of convulsions.  Your are throwing your head
around whipping me with your long red hair. 

For several minutes you constantly chant that you're a cuming, still cuming, its
not stopping, I'm still cumming until I can hold it no longer and shoot my cum
deep inside you.  As you feel your seeds splash against the inside of your
pussy, you give a final shutter and collapse onto my chest smashing your tits
into me.  We lay there slowly recovering and the sensation of my dick gradually
deflating and sliding out of you puss is mind blowing. 

After several minutes I roll you off my body and cradle you in my arms.  Running
my fingers through your hair, I kiss each eyelid, nibble on you ear and then
using my tongue, gently lick your lips until you open you mouth and we kiss. 

I look into your beautiful large brown eyes and say, 'No one has ever been more
blessed with such a wonderful slave as I have.  I grant you a couple of minutes
to recover and then you will lick me clean.'

After you have rested, you slide down between my legs and with your tongue;
start to clean your master.   As I lay there enjoying the sight and feeling your
tongue, I plan my next entertainment.  After all a well used slave is a happy
slave, right.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sonny6961


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





