BDSM Library - Sandy




Sandy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sandy is taken in as a slave and trained by a loving Mistress. A romance.
If you are looking for a scene a paragraph, this ain't for you. If you are
looking for extreme scenes, move on.

This is a story written by a guy who calls himself 'The Odd Side of Jeff'. 'The
Odd Side of Jeff' owns this story, the copyright and all the blah, blah, blah
attached to such endeavors. This is a work of fiction that is intended for adult
audiences. DO NOT READ THIS STORY TO YOUR CHILDREN AT NIGHT!!! Thank you, enjoy.




Sandy.
A dirty, but romantic, story.



Elizabeth woke. A tingle in her bladder and the warm spring sun sent her the
signal. 9:30 am. As she relieved herself, she looked into the bedroom and saw
her sleeping Sandy. Sprawled across the bed, half tangled in sheets, breathing
gently. Elizabeth went back to the bed and ran a nail gently around her Sandy's
back.

"Sleeping Sandy, time to wake up. Sleeping Sandy..." She whispered gently making
paths all along her Sandy's body. And as her nail made it past her ass and down
her leg she produced a key and unlocked the girl's ankle from a chain that
attached the ankle wall. With clicking, Sandy woke and turned to her Mistress.

"Good morning beautiful Mistress. What can I get for you?"

"Good morning. Hot tea, and a grapefruit. Bring it in an hour."

"Thank you. Will there be anything else, Mistress?"

Elizabeth ran her hands over her slaves legs and arms, feeling muscle mass. Her
body was a work of art, exercised extensively, and kept on the strictest of
diets.

"Yes, I want you to be exercised today, so call your work and tell them I want
you to work from noon to six."

"Thank you Mistress, I would really like to ride today."

Elizabeth got Sandy a job as a bicycle messenger. The owner was a close friend
and knew about how their life together worked. She even reported to Elizabeth on
Sandy's job performance and how many miles she was riding.

"Come here."

As was the routine, Sandy approached the bed and pulled chains from the
bedstead. Elizabeth quickly locked her ankles together, her wrists together and
a long chain from her collar to the center of her wrist links. She had plenty of
mobility, just hindrance.

"Now tuck me in and do your chores."

"Thank you Mistress, enjoy your sleep." Sandy bent down and kissed her owner on
the cheek while she smoothed the blankets.

Sandy, naked, chained, six foot, short black hair, tanned, agile, strong. She
watered plants, gathered newspapers, ordered some fruit and breads from the
deli. The kitchen was spotless and there was no need to much more than dust. She
was pleased that her Mistress gave her this time alone. She could just sit, look
out the windows of the beautiful brownstone, or just sit in the garden and
listen.

About three years before. Sandy was sitting at the bar at Henrietta Hudson's and
a woman bought her a drink. The stranger dressed in a tight leather dress, opera
length leather gloves with a riding crop she kept stored under her arm.
Everything was kind of different after that.

"Elizabeth." She extended her hand. Sandy was feeling bold and did something
very much unlike her. She took the her hand and kissed it instead of shaking it.

"I'm Sandy, pleased to meet you. I like your look." Sandy's look was much
different. Dirty from mountain biking in the park, cloethes torn, hair
everywhere.

"What do you mean?"

"You look together, powerful. I mean..." She poked in fun at the riding crop.

"Together. I like that. I am, if anything, together. And I see you like this. Do
you have any experience with this?"

"Oh no, my god no."

"Do you like girls?"

"Nothin' but, but I'm not really kinky. But you look good, together."

"Thanks. You know some people are kinky, some aren't. That's the way she wrote
it. I certainly am. I need a slave. I'm busy, need help around the house and
just really want to have that much control over someone."

"Your kidding?"

"Not at all. Why do think I am here, dressed like this. I am looking for a
little woman to bring into my lair and take over her life." She made a spiraling
motion with her hands as if to try to hypnotize Sandy.

Mocking hypnotism, "Will you have dinner with me?"

"Tomorrow, eight o'clock, my place." Elizabeth pulled a card from her bag and
placed it on the bar.

Elizabeth Scannlon
33 Califa Street
Greenwich Village

"Wow. OK. Tomorrow, that's cool."

Three women approached Sandy and gave her hugs and Manhattan hello kisses.

"Elizabeth, this is Kelly, this is Brix and this is my oldest friend, Maggie."

"Pleased to meet you all. Look I must be going." Looking at Sandy, "Tomorrow.
Good night kids."

"Wow, was that?" Maggie asked.

"Elizabeth Scannlon." Brix chimed in.

"You know her?" Sandy was shocked.

"Not personally, she is legendary. Rich, kind of odd, rich."

"Is she for real? Is she nuts?"

"I don't think she is nuts, she is kind of respected. A grand damme."

"She asked me over for dinner tomorrow."

"Good knowing you." Kelly patted her on the back.

"What do you mean?"

"Look, if she helps you figure out that you are into that stuff - and she will -
you will never leave. You won't want to."

"Yup, good to know you." Brix gave her a hug.

Sandy had a little exposure to the world of S/m. Mostly web porn. She liked the
clothes and she liked the power. It was the pain that freaked her out, how could
they do such things to each other.

The night was restless. She slept, but only after a slightly larger than usual
joint and a glass of wine. It had been six months since her last date and this
one was so full of context.

At 7:30 she found her brownstone. Always early, and willing to wait for safety,
she found a coffee shop and had a hot chocolate. At ten to eight, she went to
the bathroom and brushed her teeth. Just something she always did before a date.
At exactly 8 she rang the bell.

A man dressed in a butler's suite answered the door. Sandy noticed a metal
collar around his neck and chains attaching his feet.

"May I take your coat and bag madam."

"Yes, please."

"Thank you madam." He took her gear and scooted off.

"So sorry about the male. I needed help for tonight and use Patrick every once
and a while." Elizabeth entered the foyer dressed in a beautiful and understated
wool suit. None of the leather trappings of the bar.

"Uh, not a problem." Sandy was already confused.

"Please come in." Elizabeth approached Sandy gave her a hug and quick kiss on
the lips.

"Did you have a good day?" Elizabeth continued. "What is it that you do?"

"I work in a bike shop."

"I can tell. How much do you ride? Come to the garden. Patrick bring me a glass
of sherry to the garden, bring Sandy a beer and bring the pipe."

"Yes, Mistress Elizabeth. Thank you, Mistress Elizabeth."

"I know he is annoying, but he tries." Elizabeth whispers to Sandy. Sandy
giggles. She is in awe of the house, the biggest in her New York experience.
Everything was perfect, clean, unbroken and beautiful. The garden was full of
roses and vines, a small two person table and some waterfall thing.

"Could I have a sherry as well?"

"Of course you can. Patrick make that two sherries, and don't reply.

"I have a Japanese man who is a hobby gardener. I barter with him that he tends
my garden in exchange for good sound whippings. He needs the whippings, his work
can be unfocused and haphazard."

"I have no response to that." Sandy answered.

"Then you need to know more. What do you want to know?"

"So you have something on these people?"

"Not really, at least not until after they asked for it. But I don't really
think that matters, they are to the point that they wouldn't care if the world
knew."

"So why am I here? I am not at that point at all."

"You know why you are here, goof ball. You think it might be time for a change."
Patrick brought in the drinks and pipe. He served them with grace and silence.
Elizabeth took the pipe first.

"You will have to forgive me. This is my one vice. Would you like to join me?"

"Of course. What kind is it."

"Rachel calls it 'Pillow'.

Elizabeth hands Sandy the pipe as Patrick comes over to light it. He does so in
a way that impresses Sandy, not awkward or difficult. It is not always easy to
light someone else's pipe. After each of the ladies had a couple of hits,
Patrick was sent off to finish the dinner preparations.

"Do you like sushi?"

"Are you kidding? I am sushi." Sandy smiled, feeling the pillow buzz and looking
forward to tuna.

"Oh good. I ordered a selection from Nobu. It should be exquisite."

"I've never had Nobu, this is amazing. Your not just looking for a girlfriend
are you, because I am available."

"No, not just a girlfriend. Have you ever been trained?"

"What do you mean, I mean no."

"Well, I noticed you brushed your teeth right before you came here. That is the
sort of thing a trained slave does. I appreciate that."

"Thanks, I mean I have never been a slave, that is ridicules."

"No it's not. There are thousands of volunteer slaves in this city alone. How
easy do you think it was to find Patrick or the gardener? Cake walk. Finding a
young woman, I could love, has been more difficult." Elizabeth runs her pinkie
down her cheek, simulating a tear.

"I don't think I am her?"

"Why not, have you ever tried?"

"I don't dig pain."

"How many miles do you bike a week?"

"Maybe 300."

"And you tell me you don't dig pain. That has got to burn sometimes."

"It's different."

"Probably not. But, let's eat now.

"Patrick, we are eating now." Elizabeth shouted to the kitchen.

Sandy and her partner walked to the dining room and found a splendid spread of
sushi. The fish was plated beautifully on Japanese dinnerware and ready for
consumption.

"Always start with the most difficult." Elizabeth expertly took chopsticks in
hand and grabbed a piece of Uni, dipped it in a soy wasabi mix and popped it in
Sandy's mouth. The intense flavors of fish and salt overwhelmed Sandy as she
understood what ocean tasted like.

"My god." Sandy shook her head rapidly and reached to wipe her eyes. Elizabeth
intercepted the hands and gently pushed them down to her sides. Sandy did not
even notice.

"Good isn't it? Try this." And just as quickly a piece of North Atlantic salmon
went down Sandy's trap. She was in bliss, being fed the greatest flavors in the
world.

The two continued to devour a few hundred dollars worth of raw fish and rice.
Elizabeth fed Sandy and herself. For the first time in decades, Sandy ate
without using her hands. She found it to be relaxing and comforting, a
privilege.

When the fish was gone and done, Elizabeth ordered Patrick to bring them ice
cream. Elizabeth was looking for an opportunity. A chance to show Sandy
punishment. She waited for the mistake, waited for a spill, a bad plating, a off
word. No luck. She would just have to it for fun, with a male. Elizabeth was in
no way bisexual. She really didn't like men, and did not like interacting with
them. But this was the help she could find and she needed to show Sandy.

"Patrick, come in here. NOW!"

Patrick approached his Mistress and fell to his knees.

"You have done and outstanding job this evening. And as your reward, I am going
to punish you as if you had done a very poor job. I want our young friend to see
what this is like."

"Oh, thank you Mistress. Thank you so much."

"Good now, down to the basement."

"Thank you Mistress." And Patrick scurried off to his torture.

"Look, I don't like playing with boys, but I wanted you to see what I am talking
about. I want you to find out if being my slave is what you are looking for. I
am serious about this and will work with you to see if this is your path."

Sandy saw it coming, but not this fast. "I'll watch."

"Come on downstairs honey, I'll teach that boy a lesson."

They went down to a wonderfully refurbished basement. At the bottom, there was a
steel door and carved wooden door. Elizabeth choose door number two. Inside
there was a well designed dressing room and bathroom.

"This is where I like to get ready. As you may learn, I think making slaves wait
adds to their excitement."

Elizabeth began to undress. Sandy was also expecting this, and about this fast
at this point. Underneath her business suit was a tight leather corset. It
stretched from the top of her breasts all the way down her body. Adding gloves
and knee length boots, she was fully dressed, but much more evil looking. Sandy
was stunned and knew she was fucked.

"Do you want to dress up?" Elizabeth motioned to the closets.

"I don't think so, I mean, he's a dude."

"I didn't dress this way for him, I did it for you." She gestured to her
wardrobe. "For me?"

"I guess so. What do you want me to wear?" Sandy began to blush.

"You see, that's what I mean. OK, get undressed and let me get a better I idea.
I have to know what I am dealing with here."

Sandy thought about it for a moment and thought 'what the hell'. She had no
problem with sex on the first date and found Elizabeth incredibly hot. So she
began to strip.

Slowly. First she took off her dress, a long black thing with spaghetti straps.

"How old are you?" Sandy asked. Taking off her black tights.

"40, how old are you?"

"28." Off went her panties, there was no bra.

"Is that a problem?" Elizabeth smiled.

"Not at all." Making a 'wolla' gesture for her naked body to her suitor.
Elizabeth came over to inspect her new toy.

"Incredible." Elizabeth felt Sandy's thighs, arms and tummy. All in perfect
shape. She admired her posture and body image. She noticed how Sandy did not
shudder when touched. She noticed how Sandy averted her gaze.

"I have never seen anything like you. You are stunning."

"Thank you, I like you also, very much."

"Good, this is what I want you to wear." Elizabeth went to the closet and pulled
out a leather harness, a collar and a lead.

"Have you ever worn leather?"

"Yes."

"I bet you like the feel of this."

She wrapped the harness around Sandy's body, tightening slowly, evenly. Soon,
Sandy felt the constraint and could smell the wonderful smell.  The surprise
came when she heard the sounds of padlocks closing it all into place.

"Don't worry honey, I am not going to do anything you don't ask for. Now just be
quiet and enjoy yourself."

Elizabeth took the collar, locked it around her neck and lead her out of the
wooden door.

"Are you OK?"

"I'm fine."

Through the steel door, they found Patrick, naked and lying face down on the
floor. When they entered he dared not move or make a sound.

"There he is, I have to cane him a few times, put him in some tight bondage and
humiliate him plenty. That is what he needs to be a good slave, everyone is
different. Do you enjoy your training, Patrick?"

"Yes, Mistress, it is my only life." He muttered with his face against the stone
floor.

"Of course it is Patrick. Of course it is. Get on the horse."

Patrick quickly rose and straddled a leather horse. He threw his body with vigor
into position. Elizabeth strapped is wrists and ankles down.

"I am going to cane him now. This really hurts, but this boy seems to have a
high tolerance for pain. Don't you baby?"

"Yes, Mistress."

Elizabeth went to an umbrella stand and pulled out a long rattan cane. The end
was hooked, like an old school cane and covered in fabric.

"Tonight, I am going to give him thirty. He is the only guy I know who can take
that much, but it keeps him coming back."

Sandy looked down and noticed that her leash had been locked to the floor. How
did she do this?

The first whack came with an incredible yelp.

"Silence, or you get fewer."

The second whap came with a deafening silence.

Sandy understood.

Elizabeth continued to administer her justice as Patrick floated off into space.
Sandy blurred out the boy and watched her future Mistress. She saw the
concentration in her eyes, a slight smile that came with each slap, her wrists.
When the thirty were finished, Elizabeth went back to the less mobile Sandy.

"How are you, Locked Up Sandy?"

"Good, thank you."

"Boy does that wear a girl out. I'm just going to put him on the rack, and we
can go upstairs."

Elizabeth went over to the now bleeding slave, unlocked him and dragged him by
the hair to the rack.

"Stretch."

Patrick did, being a veteran. And being a veteran, he knew what was next. His
wrists were strapped with wide cords of burlap, as were his ankles. Next
Elizabeth went to the crank and began to turn. At first it was limp, then tight,
then the skin began to burn and joints popped. After discovering the rack,
Patrick was able to fire his chiropractor.

When the burn was going and Patrick was floating, Elizabeth knew it was time to
leave him for a while. She unlocked Sandy and lead her back to the garden where
it was warm and smelled sweet with freshly planted flowers.

"How do you feel.? What is it like having me hold your leash? You do know that I
have the keys to that harness?"

"I don't know, it feels fine. It doesn't feel like you are going to hurt me."

"I want to train you to be my slave. Full time, forever. I want to train you to
take care of me on every level.  This will not happen overnight. I want you to
live with me for a month, as a trial. Over time, I will show you what it means
to be a slave, slowly. What do you think?"

Sandy stopped for a moment. Faster, slower, not this fast. A month. What could
happen.

"What the fuck?"

"Do you have a roommate?"

"No. I live in a studio."

"Good, I will pay your rent for the month. Go to your work, tell them you are
quitting."

"I can't risk that."

"Don't worry, if you stay for the month and decide that this is not for you, I
will compensate you well for your time. Let us say $50,000, That over 16 hundred
a day."

The thought of that much money streamed through her head. Rent for years, food
for years, no problem. The she thought of the boy stretched out on the rack,
bleeding from the cane, brainwashed.

"I can't take what that guy just went through."

"Probably not, I don't want to hurt you. I want to own you. Valued and loved
property. I am going to do my best to make you feel as secure and valued as you
can. If you stay you will live a very beautiful and adventurous life."

"I got a month, do what you will." Sandy was feeling cocky.

"Really? OK, I will go up and print out a contract and we can get started."

"Contract?"

"Well, money is involved and we have to have a contact. Please wait here, I will
be back in a few minutes."

Elizabeth unlocked Sandy's simple restraints and went out and leaving her alone.
Sandy stretched, she felt the harness stretch and loosen and began to wonder
what she was getting herself into. After a while she began to realize that she
had the full movement of her hands and feet and thought about her new job.

After having a few moments to stretch into many forgotten yoga positions, the
door to the garden opened. Elizabeth came in with several folders bundling
paper.

"This is what I have for you. A simple one month contract with yearly
extensions. It states that I will retain all aspects of your life for the extent
of your natural life, in exchange for nothing. It's something I think you will
take to."

"If I say no, in a month, I get $50,000?"

"No, you get 16 hundred a day. If you choose to stay, that will go into a
retirement fund. I might also put little bits in it for you as a reward for
something. But, you will never really hear about that again. It will be under my
control."

"What will I do?"

"Whatever I want and lots of it. You will be pretty busy. Cleaning, cooking,
errands, and I will find you a job that is more suitable to your new lifestyle."

"What should I tell my friends."

"Everything. It is best if you are open about everything. I need you to have
friends. Good for your head."

"Right, 'Hey Maggie, I got this new girlfriend and she makes me sleep in a cage
and tells me when I can go to the bathroom.' That will be a fun conversation."

"And fairly accurate. You need time to think..."

"No, I will sign."

"Wonderful." Elizabeth put a stack of papers in front of Sandy. There were five
places to sign.

"You are now my slave. Act accordingly."

Sandy rose from her seat, went to her knees and kissed her Mistress' boot.
"Thank you." Sandy said as she nuzzled her face against the smooth black
leather.

"Always address me as Mistress, in private and in public."

"Yes, Mistress. Are you going to take me downstairs now, Mistress?"

"Very good. No I am not. Go wait in the living room."

Sandy was not certain exactly what to do. She looked through the glass door to
the living room and looked up to her Mistress.

"Scoot." Elizabeth bent down and patted Sandy on her ass.

"Yes, Mistress." Sandy gave the boot one last kiss and scurried off. She went to
the center of the room and kneeled on the carpet.

"Very good, Sandy." Elizabeth said as she passed through on the way to the
basement. Patrick was nearly asleep, stretched and pulled to his limits. He
heard her boots on the floor and woke fully to a comfortable fear. The clicking
noises meant it was going to loosen soon as he felt the burlap pull just a
little less. And less and then not at all. Moving was a different story.

"Go, clean yourself up, get dressed and leave out the back way. Don't reply."
Elizabeth left quickly as Patrick slowly tried to get up. He always did as he
was told and this frustrated Elizabeth to no end.

Back upstairs, Elizabeth found her new toy sprawled out on the plush white
carpet. Eyes closed, big smile, touching herself.

"Get on your knees baby."

"Yes, Mistress." Sandy complied.

"You are not allowed to touch yourself, ever. You can't do anything at all like
that without my permission. Do you understand?"

"Never, Mistress?"

"Absolutely never."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Now, I need you to feel, constantly under my control. So the first thing I am
going to do is fit you with your restraints. Come upstairs with me and we will
get started. Elizabeth led the way as Sandy crawled behind her.

"Don't crawl, walk."

"Yes, Mistress."

Up the stairs, Sandy took in the decor and elegance of her new home. Elizabeth
gestured to doors indicating her bedroom, a guest bedroom and then pointed to
Sandy's new room. The first thing she noticed was an electronic lock with a
blinking green light. Elizabeth pushed a sequence of numbers into the lock and
the door opened.

"I hope you like your new room."

It was small, with bars on the window. The bed was a single and there were
eyebolts all around it on the frame. Her Mistress opened the closet to reveal a
full wardrobe of maid's uniforms, night gowns and just normal street clothes.

"I get to choose your wardrobe, one less thing for you to worry about."
Elizabeth cupped her salve's cheek with her palm. Sandy looked up and noticed
video cameras on the wall.

"Those aren't on the internet are they?"

Elizabeth abruptly took Sandy's hand and slapped her on the wrist. "Always
address me as Mistress, always. Now, did you have a question?"

"Sorry Mistress, are those cameras on the internet, Mistress?"

"Oh, no dear, just in the house. I will need to keep an eye on you, especially
in the early part of your training. Get on your knees for me, baby."

Sandy did, hoping for something special.

"There's a good girl. Now, I want you to take off my panties, and eat me out."

"Thank you, Mistress."

Sandy reached over and gently pulled her owner's underwear down. The smell of
the leather corset was overwhelming and she was looking for excuses to run her
hands up and down it.

"Would Mistress be more comfortable on the bed?"

Elizabeth gently pulled Sandy by the hair to the bed. She made her lay her head
down on the pillow and then quickly straddled her. Sitting on her face, Sandy
began the alphabet, lowercase. More beautiful smells overwhelmed the new slave's
brain. And she found her excuse to embrace the corset as she helped her owner
maintain balance. By the time she was finished, she really knew her abc's,
having gone through the alphabet at least a dozen times. Sandy's tongue was
stiff and sore while her Mistress was crunched her head with her thighs..
Elizabeth got off her girl and pulled her out of bed again by the hair.

"Not bad, could use a little more variety, but you will learn. Earlier I caught
you touching yourself, that is against the rules of the house so you will have
to be punished. Well not really punished, just trained."

Elizabeth went to one of the dressers and pulled out what looked to Sandy like a
metal thong. She walked behind her slave and quickly locked it closed around
her.

"This is a chastity belt, it will prevent you from touching yourself or letting
any of those unruly girl friends of yours touching you. You are my property, and
I will decide when you have earned pleasure. I think that a week should teach
you your lesson. You should thank me now."

"Thank you, Mistress." Sandy said in a sarcastic tone. Elizabeth slapped her
across the face.

"Sarcasm is just funny anger, you should never speak to me in that tone. Do you
understand little one?"

"Yes, Mistress. Sorry, Mistress."

"Very good. Now help me out of this thing."

Sandy knew what to do as her Mistress turned her back. She found the knots in
the corset lacing and began to slowly undo them. What a sight, her perfect body,
compacted into further perfection. Loosening the laces, opening a present,
giving her comfort. When it was time, the corset just fell to the ground and
Elizabeth stepped out of it. Sandy got her first look at her naked owners body.

"Mistress, you are so very beautiful."

"Thank you little slave. So are you." Elizabeth said as she did a slow turn to
reveal everything. Sandy noticed little beads of sweat on her back, beautiful
arching back. A third nipple, a mole under her belly button, long and luscious
pubic hair.

"Mistress, may I towel off your back?"

"Very good slave, of course you can."

Sandy took a towel from the closet door, got on her knees and began to gently
dab her Mistress's back. She moved slowly and gently trying to prolong her time
with Elizabeth.

"It is late, I want you to sleep now. Good night slave, get your rest, I have a
very busy day scheduled for you tomorrow." The Mistress went to the dresser
again and pulled out a collar and cuffs. She locked them around her slave. They
were made of leather with a metal band around the center. Each contained rings
and locked on with a built in lock. Then she went to get some lengths of chain.
A foot was placed on her wrists, two feet on her ankles, a longer chain attached
her collar to her wrist chain.

"I will take these off your hands and feet as I need, but the collar stays on
for good."

"Thank you, Mistress. They are beautiful."

Elizabeth kissed her on the lips and then the surprise. Her tongue entered
Sandy's mouth, gently massaging her pallet. But it just kept coming in filling
Sandy with her soft and powerful three inch muscle. At that point she knew she
was staying, how could anyone ever leave such things.

"My god, Mistress. Thank you, may I please see it?"

Elizabeth stuck her tongue straight out, quickly she dropped it to touch her
chin then just as quickly shot it up to touch her nose. Sandy giggled.

"DNA and exercise. I have talents. Good night baby."

"Mistress, may I please have a hug."

Elizabeth wrapped her arms around her new love kissed her on the cheek and let
herself out. The lock was loud, a feature not a bug. Sandy felt alone, tried the
door. 'Good night' it was only 10 o'clock? She never slept before three in the
morning. She looked around. No TV. No radio. A window overlooking a parking lot.

Elizabeth lit a joint and kicked back to watch. Two buttons on the remote later,
she was enjoying her new captive. She watched her walk in small circles, sussing
out the room. She watched her go through the dresser pulling out her new tools.
Chains, clamps, dildos. She watched her assess her new chastity belt, trying to
slip her fingers under the stainless plate. She watched her find the whips in
the closet - slicing some of them through the air. She watched her pull out the
dresses and wished she hadn't chained her so she could see her try them on.
Sandy made the room a mess and Elizabeth made a note to remember this in the
morning. Finally she watched her go to the window and just look out. After an
hour it was time for the slave to sleep.

The Mistress hit a button on the intercom. "Slave, it is time for you to sleep."
She hit another button and the lights went out, the cameras switched to night
vision and watched a startled Sandy try to make her way to the bed. Sandy
stepped out of the sunken window, realizing that one foot now automatically
followed the other. Bending down to pick up the corset, she realized it was just
a little more difficult. She cuddled with it and her chains under a thick
feather comforter. Soft leather sheets gave her a bliss she never expected. As
she was drifting away, Sandy noticed a sound of white noise coming from the
ceiling. It comforted her and pushed her quickly into sleep. It also contained,
deep in the mix, a recording of her owner's voice.

"You are my slave, I am your owner. Do what ever you can to please me."

The loud lock did not wake Sandy, Elizabeth did. Seeing her sleeping property,
her lips slightly moving like she was talking in her dreams. She began gently
tapping the soles of Sandy's feet with the tip of her riding crop. The tapping
continued until one loud whack of a hit finally woke her. Sandy screamed.

"That hurt!"

"Of course it did, and you will always address me as Mistress. You just bought
your first spanking Missy."

Thrown over his Mistress's knee, Sandy felt her first anger. Such a beautiful
sleep, on a bed and not her lousy futon. Resting on leather all night and
holding the corset tight like it was her Mistress herself. Now whack, a hard one
comes down. Always start with the hardest. On the second, Sandy let out a
shriek.

"Silence, or you will get fewer."

For some reason, as if against her own protection, Sandy remained silent. Ten
more, tossed to the floor.

"Kneel, kiss my feet." Elizabeth commanded with a whisper.

Sandy pulled up her floor length leather skirt and found her bare feet. She
kissed on top and then went down to lick her long toes.

"What are you?"

"I am your slave, Mistress."

"What am I?"

"You are my owner, Mistress."

"What do you do?"

"What ever I can to please you, Mistress."

"Very good," it took, "now I want you to go to the bathroom, relieve your self,
brush your teeth, take a shower and then meet me in the living room. You have 10
minutes. Run along now."

Sandy took off, a race. She loved races. "Mistress, how do I..." She motioned
down to the chastity belt.

"There are holes, make sure you rinse it well in the shower and dry it well
after."

"Thank you, my most beautiful and kind Mistress."

There were holes, but it was still very messy. This would be a new skill for
Sandy to learn. Showering in shackles wasn't as difficult as she expected, just
noisier. Another skill to perfect. She finished quickly, used to rushing to work
after oversleeping. Glancing at a clock, she saw it was six in the morning, a
time she had only read about. Walking quickly down the stairs, she saw her
Mistress reclining on a leather easy chair and reading the paper.

"Come here, pet, down here, next to me."

Sandy, naked, kneeled on the hardwood floor. "Is there anything you need,
Mistress?" This is fun, she thought.

"I need you to kneel here and listen to me."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good, first thing I need you to know is that I need to assess your level of
self control. Touching yourself last night taught me something very important
about your personality. So now, I am going to put you on voice restriction. In
the house, you don't speak at all. I am clear and you are smart, so I will
assume you understand everything I say. If you really have a question, you may
raise your hand, and I may allow you to speak. If it is a bad question or a
request, I will gag you for the rest of the day.

"Second, I need you to go out and quit your job. Tell them why you are quitting,
the truth. I also want you to go out with Kelly, Brix and Maggie for lunch and
tell them what you have gotten yourself into, the complete truth. Order a salad
and water and pay for everybody. Like I said, your situation will be much
healthier if you talk with your friends about it. I have nothing to hide here,
and neither do you.

"Third, I have arranged for you to see your new doctor. Dr. Cuchor is on 78th
and Park and you will see her at 1:30 pm. So no spirits during lunch. Do you
understand?"

Sandy nodded, passing a small test.

"Good girl. Jennifer, come. Bring my slave her breakfast." Elizabeth shouted
towards the kitchen. Sandy dreamed of eggs, toast and a sausage. Shortly after,
a woman, around 60 dressed in a maids outfit came in with some drinks on a
silver platter. She moved gracefully in high heels, chains up and down her body.
Her neck was encased in a posture collar that had an attached gag. Placing the
tray carefully on the coffee the old woman knelt before Elizabeth and touched
the gag to the top of her foot. Sandy knelt, stunned and took it all in.

"Very good, Jennifer, stand." Elizabeth took hold of the chains. "Last month,
she dropped a plate." She pointed at the gag. "Last week, she spoke in the most
disrespectful manner." She pointed to the collar. "I just think that looks
pretty on her. Don't you think she is pretty?"

Sandy nodded again, passing the same test. She began to realize what was meant
by punishment around here.

"Jennifer comes here everyday, has been for a couple of years now. She used to
be the star waitress at many of the top restaurants in Manhattan. Then she
retired and came to help around the house. Her husband thinks she is
volunteering at a nursing home. They haven't seen each other naked in years, so
I never have to worry about marks. Jennifer loves to get whipped, probably the
only thing that gets her off. Isn't that right, baby?"

Jennifer nodded as much as her collar would allow and tried to fall to her
knees, but Elizabeth kept a handful of those chains in place.

"Sandy, drink up, have a good breakfast. Start with the wheetgrass juice."

For the love of god, no. Sandy thought. She took down the shot and didn't barf.

"Now this is a fruit thing with lots of vitamins and good stuff I know you
need." Sandy drank and it was good. "I don't know if you knew this or not, but
you are now a vegetarian, except sushi. God forbid I should be that sadistic. So
no meat, no cheese, no milk. Whenever you are out eating on your own, you must
follow that order. I can smell it on you, I will know by your smell and the
guilty look on your face. You can speak, what are you?

"I am your slave, Mistress."

"Who am I?"

"You are my owner, Mistress."

"Good, now shut up. Drink that down. Jennifer go clean up from breakfast and
then get Sandy dressed for the day." Elizabeth got up as Sandy admired the
powerful woman. Flowing floor length skirt, crisp white long sleeved blouce,
poise and command. It helped her realize why she was there, knees sore on the
floor and now a vegetarian. After a few minutes of clanging and tinkling in the
kitchen, Jennifer came back. She motioned to Sandy to follow as they went back
to her room.

Jennifer produced a key and unlocked the chains from Sandy. She motioned to her
to turn around as she wrapped a black brocade corset around her. Sandy had never
worn one before and found it strange that women would ever want to revisit that
historical horror. The stiff fabric and bone began their grip as the old lady
began to lace. Shorter breaths, more erect, confined. When it was tied off,
Jennifer left locking the door behind her. Sandy wondered what was going on as
Elizabeth watched from her office.

After sitting, upright, in the window for about a half hour, the door unlocked
and Jennifer came jangling in. Sandy got out and was placed by Jennifer on the
bedpost again. She undid the knots and started tightening again. Sandy was
stunned, her breathing was just getting back to normal and now she was doing
this. After another half inch was gone, Jennifer tied them off again and went to
find the clothes. A black dress from the closet, tights and a slip from the
dresser, heels from the closet.

A dress, heels? Sandy wore a dress twice before that year. Once to a funeral and
last night. Heels? She could walk in them, but hadn't in years. More historic
horror in her mind.

Jennifer pulled out another key and undid her cuffs. Silently she pushed her
onto the bed and lifted one of her legs. A thick black wool stocking was wrapped
over her leg. Then the other. 'It's July!' Sandy thought. The shoes were next,
with a click that locked them on. Before she pulled to standing, Sandy lifted
her foot to find a small hole for a key on her Mary Jane's. Once standing,
Jennifer threw the dress over her head.

The slip was as heavy as any skirt she would normally see. She began to feel the
warmth of the layers. You really couldn't call it a maid's dress, but it had the
semiotics. A small flap that looked like a apron, stitching that was just a
little different, cut right at the knee. It fit snugly around Sandy, showing off
her muscle and what little fat she had. There was just enough Rayon in the
material to allow the most subtle, sexy stretch. After zipping the back,
Jennifer took Sandy by the hair and dragged her to the make up table.  She threw
a smock over her dress and began by brushing her hair. Sandy had Laurie Anderson
hair, so brushing was not something she was used to. Then she was powdered down,
lipstick and eye makeup applied and finished off with perfume. When she was
turned to look in the mirror a shock hit her. Not only was she not a meat eater,
she wasn't butch anymore. Jennifer turned her violently, away from the mirror.
On a pad, she wrote...

"You won't last the month, CUNT!!!."

Sandy gently took the pad and pen and replied...

"I will last a lifetime, Jennifer."

Elizabeth looked on with pride at her new slave as Jennifer led her out of the
room. Taking a purse with her, Jennifer led the slave to Elizabeth's office. A
room filled with books, floor to ceiling. A desk with a computer and three video
monitors. Elizabeth on the phone talking about dates and amounts. She hangs up.

"Do you know how I made my millions?"

Sandy shook 'no'.

"Real Estate. Do you know how I spend my millions?"

Sandy shook 'no'.

"You, and Jennifer, and Patrick and others." Elizabeth laughs. "Give her the
purse." She says to Jennifer. "Look inside, there is your cell phone. I know the
number, you don't. Call your little friends to make your little arrangements. My
number is in the 'Phone Book' so you can call if you are in trouble. There is
also 100 in cash and a credit card. Use the credit card for your doctor
appointment this afternoon. Use it for anything else you deem necessary. And I
mean necessary. If I find outrageous charges, you will be punished beyond your
wildest imagination, the worst thing you can do is break trust. There is also a
key to the front door to the house. The only key you will have, by the way. Now,
it is time for you to do your errands, there is a list in the purse. If you have
any questions, you may ask them now."

Sandy thought hard. What about the doctor and her chastity belt? She thought it
though and realized that there was no way Elizabeth could have not thought
around that. She shook her head 'no'.

"Excellent." Elizabeth cooed. "Off you go. Take cabs, no more trains for you."

Sandy felt herself at a loss. Less than 48 hours ago she was in a bar on Hudson
when this strange woman bought her a drink. Now she was locked in a chastity
belt, in a dress and going off to quit her job and visit a strange doctor. She
left the brownstone confused and disoriented. She wanted to go to her apartment,
but she didn't have the keys. She wanted to check her e-mail but didn't know how
to use the internet cafe. She called her friends.

"Maggie, I need to see you at lunch today."

"No problem."

"Can you bring the girls? This is almost urgent."

"Don't worry about it."

"Joe's at noon?"

"We'll be there."

She went to her work.

"I quit."

"Sandy, what is there something wrong?" The owner asked.

"I'm getting 50 k for being this old woman's slave for a month. So I can't
work."

"Bullshit, what is it really?"

"Check this shit out." Sandy turned so he could see her locking collar.

"No shit, and you are wearing a dress."

"Tell me about it, but she is something special. I think I'm in love."

"Well if this fucked up shit is wrong for you, I always have a job here for
you."

"Thanks baby." Sandy kissed him on the cheek. She worried if that was against
the rules.

Next it was off to the dreaded lunch. The girls were waiting at their table as
Sandy came in expectedly late. They were shocked at her appearance.

"Who the fuck is this, sitting at our table." Maggie laughed as she gave her the
welcome kiss.

Sandy did a curtsy as she joined them.

"Lipstick? A dress? Heels?" Kelly asked.

"Ladies, I have fallen into the world of Elizabeth Scannlon. You are looking at
her latest acquisition."

"What the fuck is up with that shit." Brix bellowed.

Sandy leaned forward and smoothly talked to her friends. "Mistress Elizabeth is
a very kind and comforting person. She has promised to take care of me and I
believe her. She told me to tell you about our new relationship and that is why
I am here with you all now."

"This is wrong." Maggie concluded.

"Way wrong." Kelly said.

"No, listen. I am staying with her for a month, for 50 grand. If I don't like
it, I can leave. After that, I can leave anytime and keep the 50 plus what ever
interest it earned. Plus, she wants me to keep my old friends. She says it is
healthier that way. I trust her.

"Well fuck me." Brix said.

"You can't." Sandy replied as she took Brix's hand and placed it in her crotch.

"What the fuck is that?" Brix shouted.

"A chastity belt." Sandy laughed.

"I wanna see." Kelly tugged at her arm.

"Come on, one at a time." Sandy took Kelly to the bathroom. With the stall door
open, Sandy lifted her skirt to reveal the shiny object. Kelly approached and
fingered the plate.

"I can't have it, can I."

"Me either, only Mistress Elizabeth can."

Sandy turned around to reveal the lock. Kelly was so used to quick ones in the
bathroom, she felt envious of Elizabeth. Kelly took Sandy's hand and rammed it
into her crotch.

"You can still have me."

"No, I can't." Sandy removed her hand from her friends crotch and gave her a
hug. "Think of it like this, I just entered a monastery and I really need your
support. Now send the other girls in, I want to get this over with so we can
eat."

Brix and Maggie came into the bathroom.

"Let's see what we are working with here." Brix took over the room. She looked
at the back of Sandy's collar and was impressed with the design and workmanship.
"That's not coming off anytime soon, the lock is sealed with epoxy." For the
first time Sandy felt fear. Maggie ran her finger along all the steel strapping
of the chastity belt. She found the holes but could not enter. Brix looked at
that lock, same design, no epoxy.

"The bottom lock will still work. But you are in a pickle." Brix seemed
concerned.

"Check this out." Sandy pointed to her shoes.

"I know, I've never seen you in heels. Those are nice."

"They're locked on." Sandy lifted her foot to show them the tiny key hole.

"And a corset." Brix unzipped her dress, Maggie lifted her foot. The three of
them made love on many occasions, but now they were treating her differently.
The dress began to open, Sandy started to slip.

"Stop." They did. "Look it is not like before. Mistress Elizabeth has control
over me and my body. She would not be happy if I let this go any further."

Sandy straightened out her dress, adjusted her corset and flattened her tights.
Looking in the bathroom mirror, something she did almost every day, she saw the
change. She was prettier, she stood straighter, she looked secure.

The waitress approached the table and noticed Sandy's new look.

"What's up with her?" She asked Maggie.

"Elizabeth Scannlon."

"No shit. I did a few months with her."

"What?" Sandy shouted.

"Don't worry about it. It was fun and I got a good little nest egg. I sure hope
you girls weren't playing in the bathroom."

"She wouldn't let us." Maggie moaned.

"Good girl. The usual for you all." The three nodded. "And a salad and water for
the new slave." Sandy blushed, no secrets in this city. When the beers and
burgers came, Sandy missed her old life and just wanted to get back to the
comfort of the brownstone.

The cab ride to the doctor's seemed to take forever. Even the small salad and
single glass of water made her feel bloated in the corset. Her chastity belt
made her feel unclean and was getting uncomfortable. She was tired.

When she entered the room, the receptionist stood and greeted her.

"Sandy, Ms. Scannlon told us to expect you. Please come with me." No wait,
ushered past the other patients, she was escorted to a changing room. "The nurse
will be in shortly to help you undress. Please sit."

Sandy did, on an Victorian fainting couch. And now she understood their
function, the perfect relaxation for a corseted body. She hoped the nurse would
take her time, but she didn't.

"Good afternoon, Sandy. Let me get you ready to see the doctor." She took
Sandy's hand and helped her off the couch. "You are very pretty. Ms. Scannlon
has wonderful taste." She unzipped the dress and pulled it over her head.
Unlacing the corset was quick and efficient. A rush hit Sandy's head as she was
able to breath fully for the first time in hours. Next she pulled off the slip
and stockings. The nurse had a key for the shoes and unlocked them as well.

Now naked, Sandy was taken to a scale, 143 pounds. Measured, 6'. And measured
and measured. Wrist size, ankle size, arm length. her tongue, her head,
everything marked on a complex chart the nurse carried on a clip board. Passive
Sandy just allowed everything to happen as it happened. Then there were
calipers, blood pressure, pulse, urine sample, a blood sample and thank
goodness, cause she had to go, a feces sample. Sandy had not been to a doctor in
years, she was relieved to finally get a chance.

"OK. I am finished. Come with me to see the doctor."

The nurse attached a leash to her collar and led her into the exam room. She was
attached to the table when the nurse locked her ankles to the stirrups her hands
to the side and her neck to top. Sandy heard the nurse leave and soon after the
doctor come in. She could not turn her head to see the doctor at her desk.

"Good afternoon, Sandy. I am Dr. Cuchor a very good friend of your Mistress. I
will be your new doctor, I would like you to arrange to have all your previous
medical charts sent to me.

"You need to understand that there is no doctor/patient confidentiality in our
arrangement. I will tell your Mistress everything, before I tell you. All of
your medical decisions are hers now. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Doctor."

"Good, let's begin." And the doctor began with a long series of questions. Back
and forth, repeating family histories, past illnesses, psychological questions.
Constantly being told to keep her eyes closed, or to stop fidgeting, Sandy
became answers. The doctor, an internist, a psychiatrist, trained by the Army,
drilled into Sandy's mind. After about an hour, Sandy had given all she could.
Her life flashed before her as she remembered so much. She felt a pulling on the
chastity belt.

"Looks like the belt is biting a bit into your flesh. How long have you had it
on?"

"Since last night, Doctor."

"It will callous up a bit, but you might need an adjustment. If you don't touch
yourself, she won't use it on you. Just a word of advice." A flush of relief
overtook Sandy. She liked to comforting advice.

Cuchor reached under Sandy's back and unlocked the chastity belt. The searing
steel thong was finally removed. Sandy was in ecstasy.

"Quiet, girl." The doctor reached for a speculum she had been storing in ice
water. The surgical steel was inserted with precision and the spreading quickly
began. Sandy was shocked into paralysis. Her body tensed against the hospital
restraints and no further.

"Very good, I want you to relax now." Sandy did. She was good.

Jennifer was cleaning the Mistress bath, as she did every weekday. Cleaning the
corners with alcohol dipped q-tips, and crying under her restraints. Elizabeth
knew there would be a problem and was waiting for the right moment to step in.

"Jennifer, downstairs. NOW! MOVE IT BITCH!!!" Jennifer threw the q-tips in the
garbage and ran to the basement.

Sandy smoked a skinny, took a shower and got dressed. A black leather push up
bra, large black belt and, of course, gloves that almost reach the shoulder.
Underneath, nothing. She wanted Jennifer to see.

After about a half hour, Jennifer heard her Mistress coming down the stairs. A
few minutes later, she heard her voice.

"Hello Jennifer. Are you ready?"

"Yes, Mistress." She muffled out of her gag.

"Good, let's go." Elizabeth grabbed hold of the chains on her backside and
pulled her up. Jennifer struggled to find her footing, but did. Elizabeth, with
lightening speed, undid the locks on her day slave. With each lock undone,
Jennifer placed her body part in the rich position. Hands behind the neck,
Ankles far apart. Elizabeth circled her property, knowing she could see her as
well.

"I need you to relax. I need you to understand that you are here for life."

Jennifer watched her owner circle. She watched her beautiful body, her strength
and wished it could all be true. As the chains fell to the floor, Sandy felt the
weight of confinement lift. She felt uncomfortable. Then Elizabeth did a
magnificent spin and wrapped Jennifer in the bullwhip she was holding in her
left hand. It wrapped around from her hips to her tits, stinging her under her
thick length of maid's clothing.

Elizabeth took her to some chains in the wall and attached her limbs and neck.
With a box cutter she shredded the clothes but not the skin of her slave.
Stepping back a few yards, Elizabeth began the bull whipping. A few across the
back, a few across the ass, a few across the legs. Every stroke dripped a
little, but nothing was out of control.

"You know, Jennifer." The strokes continued. "I really like you, and I have no
intention of letting you go. You are mine for the rest of your life." The drops
were getting bigger, the whipping continued. The Mistress gave her many more
strokes, slowly, allowing relief to set in between each lash. "Don't fear Sandy.
You will teach her for me, so I can have you do other tasks. Aren't you tired of
doing my laundry by now? Wouldn't you like to serve me in better ways."

Jennifer was briefly confused as the lashes stripped across her back. At first
she shook her head 'no', but then quickly switched to something that resembled
'yes'. The lashings continued as she realized her new place. Elizabeth finished
and undid all the locks on the old lady. Jennifer fell to the floor.

"Take your time cleaning your self up, wait for Sandy to get home and put her to
bed, in a jacket. Then use the back exit to leave. Fuck that simple task up and
you are on the streets." Elizabeth laughed as she kicked her lightly on the
side. The politics of domination. They overwhelmed Elizabeth as she went up to
her room. She really had no intention of letting Jennifer go, but the fear
helped keep her with her. Sandy was her's, she knew it.

Just getting to the street and finding a cab was difficult for Sandy. Riding
bicycles, getting 4 full body scans, running in place and doing reaction time
tests fully wore her out. Being laced back into that corset and having the
chastity belt reattached was no help. This was a different life.

The cab pulled up infront of the Califa Street address. Sandy fumbled with the
money. So much money. She ripped though a hundred dollars like it was no
tomorrow. Not knowing what exactly to do, she approached the brownstone. There
was no movement inside. She rang the bell.

Not quite finished with cleaning herself up, Jennifer ran to the front door to
answer. What she found was a dazed and confused young slave looking for her
Mistress. Jennifer took her by the arm and led her to her room. Sandy was in a
daze, tired from her friends, exhausted from eight hours in the doctors office,
and the clothes. Jennifer undressed her, unlocking her from things that needed
to be unlocked, including the steel thong. And now, she was naked.

Sandy, not speaking saw the jacket come as a blur. Jennifer slipped her arms in,
wrapped them behind her and the buckled them very very tightly. A strap was
forcefully pulled over her crotch and secured in a way that forced her to bend
forward. The hood came even quicker, removing senses, encasing her head in heavy
padded leather. Breathing was not difficult, and Jennifer was sorry she was not
told to gag her. She pushed Sandy to her bed, knocking her to the floor. Lifting
her by the top of the hood, she shoved her under the covers. Securing the hood,
and the sides of the straitjacket to hooks on the bed, Sandy was immobile.

Her leg itched. It was free and she moved tried to scrape it against the side of
the bed. As she did that, most of the quilt fell to the floor. It took some yoga
like stretching to get her toes to the floor to try to pick it up. Kicking the
comforter in the air, on top of her, it was a mess. This was getting to be too
much. The muscles in her arms were stiffening and shooting with pain. She
started screaming under the hood.

"Let me go. This isn't fun anymore. Let me go. I want out."

Elizabeth watched and listened from her bedroom television. From her remote, she
turned the white noise up in her slave's room. She built the day and evening for
Sandy to freak out, a necessary part of the process. Some sadness filled her,
knowing the fear and anger that was going through her slave's body, so she began
touching herself. Reaching for her cell phone she hit a number.

"Denise, come here now. Let yourself in, come to my bedroom."

Ten minutes later, a tall blonde woman with hair down to her ass entered
Elizabeth's room, naked, and fell to her knees. Elizabeth told her to come in as
she watched Sandy on television, falling into a nervous sleep.

Sunlight beat down on the mask. Inside it was hot and damp after 10 hours of
breathing and screaming and crying. The sleeping part went away a while ago, now
it was just stillness and waiting. The white noise was a comfort, but now it was
seeming loud and just never stopped. She thought about slavery, about loosing
control, about locks, about what she was a couple of days ago. Lonely,
repetitive, lost, bored, lonely.

A gush of fresh air entered the hood as Elizabeth unsnapped the mouth cover.

"No sounds, slave." Elizabeth softly commanded.

Sandy took several deep breaths and struggled to lift her head. Still snapped to
the bed, she went nowhere. Elizabeth put the tip of a spray bottle into Sandy's
mouth. Pulling the trigger several times, a soft cool mist of water filled the
slave's mouth. Sandy swallowed and was grateful.

Elizabeth undid the snaps that attached the straitjacket to the bed. Sandy felt
the freedom, but did not dare move. Elizabeth undid the collar and undid the
snaps that held the hood. Once again, Sandy did not move. She felt a leash pull
her up.

"Come slave, follow my lead. I will tell you where to go." Elizabeth lifted her
out of bed and helped her find her footing. Sandy leaned on her protector as she
was taken towards the bath. Guiding her on the way, Elizabeth reached over and
unsnapped the ear covers. Sandy was stopped, turned and pushed gently downwards.

"Slave, don't do anything until I tell you." Elizabeth whispered into her ear.
She sat Sandy down on the toilet and waited for a moment. "Pee now, slave."
Sandy let go and relief came. "Poop now, slave." She did. Elizabeth tilted Sandy
to the side and wiped her clean. Sandy felt helpless as this was done for her
for the first time in more than 26 years. Pulled to her feet, Sandy felt a
toothbrush enter her mouth. Elizabeth began a vigorous brushing of her slave's
teeth and tongue. Several times Sandy thought she was going to gag. Her Mistress
just told her to breath slowly and let her do her work. When she was done, a
straw was stuck in her mouth. She drank, was told to rinse and spit. The spit
got all over her mask and straight jacket. Elizabeth laughed and cleaned it up.
She then turned her and guided her gently downstairs to the living room.

"You are doing so well. I know you don't think you are, but you are. You are a
natural slave, a natural. I am so proud of you, so proud to own you." Elizabeth
was gently hugging her property, massaging sore muscles through the abusively
tight straitjacket.

Jennifer came in with a tray, same as yesterday. Sandy was placed on the couch,
her naked bottom half sinking into the soft leather. Another straw.

"Drink up, baby. You have an interesting day ahead of you, you will need this
nourishment."

Sandy did and the cold fruit felt good on her throat.

"Honey, the doctor recommended we make some minor adjustments on your chastity
belt, so we are going to have to keep you in your jacket until it gets back from
the shop tomorrow. You still have a few days left on your restriction for
touching yourself. Nod your head if you remember why you are in a straitjacket
now."

Sandy nodded, though, in fact, the reason had escaped her.

"Now, I am going to take you downstairs and ask you some questions so I can know
how you are doing. You will only answer what I ask you. You are not allowed to
ask questions or make requests. If you do, you will be punished. Nod your head
if you understand.

Sandy nodded, as she sucked the last of her fruit drink through the straw.

"Good. Stand, walk forward." Elizabeth quickened the pace with the leash. "Keep
walking, forward, two steps, stop. You are going down stairs now, step down,
good, again..." Sandy made it down the stairs without being held.

"Very good. You see, you don't need to see to move. You don't need your arms.
You just need me. You are so good at this."

Sandy realized her progress, when she was a child, she would never walk down the
stair without the light on and without holding the railing. Her Mistress stopped
her and turned her.

"Step up, backwards." Sandy did and felt her feet on rough wood. Chains and a
spreader bar were attached to her ankles. Her straight jacket was snapped to the
wall, as was her hood. A water tube was stuck in her mouth and a stainless steel
basin under her crotch. Her crotch strap was removed with massive vigor.

"If you need some water, I want you to drink from that tube. If you can't reach
it, I will put it back in. If you need to pee or poop, just let go, there is a
basin right below you, I won't mind. I want you to feel as relaxed as you can."

After an hour, Sandy took a drink of the vitamin enriched water. It was cool and
good and she was thankful. A sudden sharp pain ripped across her thighs, her
body stiffened and she stopped herself from yelping out a massive scream.
Something now covered her ears.

"Like I said, I am going to ask you questions. If you say anything other than a
direct and honest answer, I will punish you. That was a slight example of a
punishment. I just thought it would be more fair if you knew. So, what are you?"
Sandy heard through headphones, at a very loud volume.

"Mistress, I am your slave, Mistress." Sandy whimpered, barely able to move her
chin in the hood.

"And what am I?" Bellowed Elizabeth.

"You are my owner, Mistress Elizabeth." She felt the strap controlling her chin
loosen. She took another drink.

"And what is it you do?"

"What ever you want me to do, Mistress."

"You are so good with this. You know I have had many prospects over the
years..." Sandy felt her mouth being violated by Elizabeth's hand, dropping
pills down her throat. The hand left and the tube was placed in her mouth.
"Drink a big drink, slave. So many prospects over the years and you are one of
the best." Sandy felt the sudden thrust of the tongue. It pinned her down in a
second and began massaging and exploring for unswallowed pills. Elizabeth let a
good amount of spit flow from her mouth into her slave's.

"You are a good slave, aren't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Of course you are, wait here. I'll be back soon." Sandy imagined soon as being
in a few hours. She was wondering if her next month would be spent encased. The
part of her that wanted out kept yelling at the part of her that wanted to
explore. Time passed, Sandy tried peeing; what the hell, her Mistress said she
wouldn't mind. A little came out, the sound amplified into her ears. Time
passed, the white noise came up and warm waves passed up and down her body.

Vivid brain movies passed through Sandy's head. Playing with friends as a child.
Christmas. Model rockets. Undergraduate parties. Fucking. The movies never
stopped. The feeling was familiar, remembering hugging her friends on
Connecticut lawns, dancing past sun up, grinding her teeth.

Two hours later, Elizabeth returned to her slave. Raising her arm with full
force, she whacked her slave, with a cane, across the thighs again. Sandy
shuddered with joy. The waves of vertical warmth accelerated and encased her
entire body. She knew her Mistress was near and just wanted to hold her and kiss
her and tell her how safe she now was.

"Sandy, do you remember the rules?" Elizabeth's voice came booming over the
headphones.

"Yes, Mistress."

"How do you feel?"

"So wonderful, Mistress."

"Good, I am so glad you feel wonderful, that is how I wanted you to feel. Would
you like me to come over and hold you?"

"Please, Mistress, would you?"

"That was a request." Another massive whack hit the encased slave. "I won't hold
you, you have not earned it, not quite yet. How was yesterday?"

"The doctor's, Mistress?"

"Yes."

"She seemed nice. She asked me a lot of questions and made me do a lot of
exercises."

"Good, I wanted her to. How was seeing your friends?"

"Mistress, they were different around me."

"What do you mean?"

"They were really upset that we couldn't fool around in the bathroom. I wouldn't
let them, Mistress. But they just seemed forceful, they started to undress me
without asking."

"They see the change, they see that you are a slave. It makes them want to
control you. But, only I control you. You don't even control you now. You can't
even move your arms, or see anything."

Elizabeth let this sink in a moment as she removed the basin. She took a towel
and wiped her slave's cunt clean. But the towel did not begin to wipe away the
wetness that was dripping down from Sandy. In her mind, she was dancing, moving
full force through a room full of beautiful women, none of whom she could touch.
Her legs and arms moved freely, wildly about her. This movie was cut as
Elizabeth thrust her tongue into the slave's pussy. Quickly, the clit was found
and nibbled at gently. First contact. Sandy was paralyzed with the pleasure her
Mistress gave her. Her arms were no longer sore, just unusable. Her legs stopped
dancing in their bonds. She just felt the waves as Elizabeth's gifted tongue
explored her inside. A half hour, an hour, Sandy had never experienced anything
like this. Coming, constantly coming, she lost herself in the best possible way.

"I can take care of you. I can keep you healthy. I can provide for you. I can
give you pleasure you have never known. I can control you. You are a very good
slave. You will do whatever I want, because you are a very good slave." Her
voice calmly came though the loud headphones.

"Thank you, Mistress." Sandy was jerking her self into consciousness.

"Do you want to leave me, slave?"

"I did last night, but now, I can't imagine it, Mistress." A whisper.

"I know." Elizabeth began unhooking her girl. Sandy felt the relief as her body
began to detach from the wall. Whatever was coming next would have to be just as
wonderful as now, Elizabeth attached a leash to her collar and led her to the
bedroom. No talking was necessary, just the pull or non pull of the leash.
Before she knew it, Sandy had climbed two stories and was laid out across her
new owner's bed. Elizabeth turned her over and began to unbuckle the jacket.

"When you are free of the jacket, I want you to drop your arms to your side and
don't move. I don't want you touching yourself, you do have a self control
problem after all." She turned her again and gave the jacket an assured pull.
Once removed, Sandy let her arms drop and waited.

Sandy was free, her arms no longer held in by canvas and leather. Her face no
longer dissolved by leather. Her arms fell to their side, on a soft mattress,
soon her Mistress slithered next to her and she began the holding. It was a
holding of catharsis... "Thank you great and beautiful Mistress..." Sandy just
held her owner. Elizabeth responded with kisses and strong suggestions.

"Move your left arm to the right. Take your weight off the left side of your
hips. Cup my left breast with your palm, not your fingers." These ideas
distracted Sandy as she just wanted to hug. Smothering her owner with own flesh.
Elizabeth followed as she best could. Spreading her slave's legs wide, she began
another oral inspection of her property. Sandy was clearly in her power now and
it was time to taste the fruit of that victory.

"Sit here for a short while. I will be back." Sandy waited, sprawled across the
bed she had never imagined. She resisted touching herself as she heard her
Mistress relive herself in the bathroom. Elizabeth went to the intercom next to
her bed.

"Jennifer, snacks, on the double."

Elizabeth went back to bed and spooned with her tripping slave. As they drifted
in and out, Jennifer brought in the tray and quickly left. The tingling of her
chains rang in Sandy's ears. Coffee, rolls, jams, sashimi on ice, crackers,
chocolates, roasted vegetables, humus, guac, joints. This torture was going to
take a while.

Sandy awoke with her arms wrapped around her new owner's hips. The sunlight
broke in through the leaded glass. Sandy was not used to having such freedom as
she waited for her Mistress to awaken. The slave choose to just wait and nap
until her owner arrived to consciousness. Feeling the strength of her body, the
steadiness of her breath, she knew the hold that was over her.

"Good morning, sleepy Sandy. Go clean yourself off and empty yourself out."
Elizabeth said unexpectantly under the cover of pillows and quilts. Sandy gave a
light hug. "You are off voice restriction, you should give me a proper
greeting." Sandy leaned over her Mistress to give her a kiss on the cheek. "Good
morning, Mistress." Elizabeth turned and gave her a passionate open mouth kiss.
Sandy floated as her Mistress pulled away. "You need to brush your teeth, scoot
slave."

Sandy went towards her Mistress' bathroom.

"No, use yours, you don't get to use mine today." Sandy changed course and made
it to the hall. The only thing on her body was her collar. Jennifer intercepted
her and took her by the arm.

"Come with me slave. I will supervise your morning routine and then dress you."
No gag today, no chains, just a plain black maid's dress. Jennifer led Sandy
into the bathroom and placed her on the toilet. "Go ahead." Sandy didn't like
the old lady watching her morning constitutional. She thought about privacy.

"You finished?" Sandy nodded yes. "Wipe, wash your hands, brush your teeth and
then get in the shower." Sandy complied, she was careful to wipe herself in a
way that could not be interpreted as improper. Lesson learned. Wash, brush,
shower. Sandy stepped in the steaming hot shower.

"Keep your hands at your side. I will tell you when to turn." Jennifer took a
soft brush on a long wooden handle and began to wash the slave. She managed to
do this without getting a drop on herself.

"Turn towards me, spread your legs." She brushed the inside of her legs and her
crotch. It all felt great to Sandy, as she deeply breathed the soapy steam. "Are
you on speech restriction?" Sandy shook her head 'no'. Are you wearing a gag?"
Again she shook her head. "Then why are you so quiet? You are allowed to speak."
Sandy could not think of any thing to say as she took in her cleansing. Jennifer
finished and led her out of the shower. She dried her with plush towels.

Jennifer sat Sandy down at her make up table. "Sit with your back straight." She
positioned the slave more properly. "Proper posture is very important to your
owner." Jennifer dabbed a cotton ball in some potion. She cleaned the slave's
face off. Dabbing another she moved to the pits, then the crotch then the hands
and feet. Each area had a different bottle.

"You are very lucky." The old woman said.

"How do you mean?"

"The Mistress has taken a real shine to you. And, you are moving along so
quickly."

Sandy did not know what to make of this, so she remained silent. Elizabeth took
her by the ring of her collar and led her to the closet.

"Mistress has ordered a new wardrobe for you. The first have begun to arrive."
Sandy produced a herring bone wool suit from the closet. The collars and sleeves
all had a large leather trim. It looked kind of like a hunting suit. Jennifer
laid it out on the bed.

"First the lining. You are going to have to learn how to do this yourself
someday, so pay attention." Jennifer pulled a stretchy rayon tube over the
slave's body. It landed a little under her breasts and ended right above her
crotch. "Now the corset." Jennifer wrapped a leather corset around her body. The
lacing continued until Sandy had to measure her breath. "Very good. I will be
back in a half hour." Jennifer left the room and the lock snapped shut.

Sandy was left alone in the place that felt most like hers. She looked at the
suit that was waiting for her. So different from her life of last week. That
suit cost more than she spent on food last month. She looked at herself in the
mirror. So clean, so tall, breasts plunging up. Off to the window. She watched
over the parking lot, people walking quickly, off to where ever they pleased, or
work. The line to the coffee cart was getting longer. Sandy reached around to
feel the lock to her collar. She could feel the epoxy in the keyhole. She
realized she was stuck in a way that made her feel whole. She went to the bed to
wait for Jennifer.

After getting dressed in the tight and stiff suit. Sandy was placed on her
makeup seat. Tissues were placed to protect the suit. A white powder was thrown
over her face and neck. Subtle eyeliner. Mascara. Bright red lipstick. Sandy saw
another person in the mirror.

"Never touch your hair or face. Never lean against your hand on your face or
head. That messes up your hair and makeup. Always sit upright with perfect
posture. She will punish you harshly if you sit wrong. Be modest, cross your
legs. Sit with your hands folded in your lap. You are not available to the
world. Only her."

Jennifer's words sunk in. Sandy took them all seriously. She realized Jennifer
may not be evil.

"Oh my god, look at you." Elizabeth shouted as she caught a glimpse of her new
slave. Sandy was reclined on a fainting couch waiting for her next instruction.
"Stand and turn around for me." Sandy did, showing off her heavy wool suit, her
legs covered in wool stockings and unusually tight belly. The leather in her
collar matched the leather trim of the suit perfectly, this pleased Elizabeth.

"Jennifer fed you?"

"Yes, Mistress." Sandy took her seat again after a motion from her owner.

"Good. You are off speech restriction. So you can speak freely, with proper
respect."

"Thank you, Mistress. How are you this morning?"

"Good. Thank you slave. How are you."

"Wonderful, Mistress. Can I ask you a question?"

"I don't know if you can, but you may."

"What happened yesterday?

"Why, you became my slave. Didn't you?"

"Yes, Mistress."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Odd Side of Jeff


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





