BDSM Library - What Little Girls R 4




What Little Girls R 4
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: During war, the girls were evacuated out of the city. They were sent to a family and the whole family couldn't wait to get them for their entertainment.
Another story by PAGAN

Authors note,this is set 60 and 40 years ago.


What Little Girls R 4

The day I had been dreading came,I thought to myself why a war, why did I live
in an industrial town and who decided I should be evacuated,somebody had, the
bus came for me about ten,with my small suit case I had to stand there while my
mum put a label on me,it read Pat Thomas,age twelve then it had my address and
on the back it gave my destination,a place I,d never heard of,suddenly mum
kissed me and then rushed into the house crying,I started to cry as they ushered
me on to the bus.

There were other girls, I sat next to a girl called Vera,she had been crying
too,we looked a sorry pair,it was the first time ether of us had been separated
from our families so we comforted each other by talking,she was twelve too.All
to soon we were at the rail station and there were lots of children being shoved
around by ladies with papers, checking this and that we must have late as we
didn`t get checked just pushed on to the train as it was leaving and there we
sat staring out as we raced through the country side.

There were some children from the docks side of town on board they were bulling
and fighting with the weaker children,they picked on us calling us posh
brats,they made my new friend cry again so we kept out of their way for the rest
of the trip,hiding in the toilets or moving near the adults,which wasn`t easy
carring our case`s,then the train arrived at a station,we didn`t look to see if
it was our stop we got down out of the way of the bullies and hid at the back of
the station,we were peering out from behind a bench when a voice
said,"Hello,what have we here,"we spun round to see a middle age man in
overalls.

He quickly pulled us behind the station wall and looked at our labels,"Oh yes,
your the ones for my farm,you will have a lovely time,quickly jump up on the
cart I,ll get your case`s,he almost through us on this cart,it had very high
side we couldn`t see over then we had to duck as our case`s came flying in as
well,before we had time to speak we were off,they must have been very narrow
lanes and bumpy too,still we couldn`t see,we sat amongst the hay and waited to
see our new home.

We came to a holt in the court yard of a farm,we could hear voices, he was
talking to another man, we were trying to listen,pressing our ears to the side
of the cart when the tail gate opened and we tumbled out,they half caught us and
we were just about to say thank you when they got very rough with us,the one we
had not seen before got hold of my collar and pulled my case of the cart and
dragged me inside I was closely followed by Vera being treated the same way,we
were rushed through a kitchen and up some stairs to a large bedroom once inside
our cases where through into a corner and we were shoved down on the beds,one
man stood in front of the door as they other disappeared,only to reappear with a
small sack and two long knives.

Armed with their knives they stood at the end of the beds,"Give us your
coats,"we meekly took of our coats and put them on the end of the bed,"You,take
off your dress and you your blouse and skirt,"we looked at each other and slowly
did as we were told laying them with our coats,they picked them up and our
case`s took one more look at us,and talking to each other left the room,locking
the door behind them,we rushed at the door but it was locked and wouldn`t budge
we went to the window that was fastened shut too,we sat on the bed in our
underwear looking at each other as the fear in us took hold. 


Time seemed to be irrelevant we didn`t know how long we had sat there when we
heard the key turn and to our relief a woman came in,she would have been in her
early thirties,we were just about to tell her our plight when she ordered us to
sit quietly and listen to what she had to say,"Right young ladies,no-one is
coming looking for you they already think you got off the train and caught
another home,so all in all you will be put down as lost in war time,with that
understood I will try and explain to you why you are here and what you will be
doing,it won`t matter whether or not you like what you are going to hear,I just
hope it will make it easier for you to cope",her tone left little to argue with.

As she started the door opened and the two men came in,they shut the door and
stood in front of it,"These are my two brothers,Jack and Jake and I am
Janet,which one is Pat,"I raised my hand,"So you must be Vera,well I see you
have fine young bodies,somebodies been keeping you feed and fit,I think you will
be perfect,I will tell you everything from the start,then you will,I
hope,understand your new role in life,I suppose it started when I was about your
age.

"Mother and Farther had gone to market,we were in the garden playing,these two
being older would always gang up on me you know,rough and tumble only this day
was different,we were playing tag and they were edging me towards the back of
the tool shed they got very rough and pulled me back to the timber as I looked
back to where the were pushing me I saw two ropes hanging with loops on the
end,I fought with all my strength but they got one wrist in one loop and the
other in the other and I stood there crucified".

"I knew something was wrong when Jake said Go on then see if it`s true,John
looked at him,Go on see if what Tom Trent said is true,we have got her, she`s
our`s, let`s see it,we arn`t going to get a better time.John came towards me and
lifted up my skirt and they both looked at my pants,I was telling them I would
get them in serious trouble but they seemed to be only interested in my
pants.Again Jake said Go on and John put his hand on my pants and felt between
my legs,he looked again at Jake saying,Tom was right she ain`t got one,Jake was
getting excited now,Then see what she has got,take her pants off,I was starting
to cry and beg them to leave me alone but they had gone to far now, John put his
hands on the sides of my pants and pulled down-wards until they were round my
ankles,I tried to kick him when Jake said,Let`s tie her legs open and have a
good look".

"They got hammer and nails,drove nails ether side of me and tied ropes to them
and then to my legs pulling them wide open,I was begging,pleading and shouting
at them but it made no difference I was stood infront of my two brothers nailed
spread eagled to the tool shed without my pants on.Jake egged John on,Touch it
go on give it a feel,I could see he was going too but I still jumped when he
did,he said,I got her pants off you look at her top,Jake almost tore my blouse
off,it was summer so I had nothing on under and I did have small breasts but my
nipples were big with large dark arousals which now became the focus of Jake`s
life".

"John was getting bolder and had his fingers in me a little way rubbing his
thumb on my clit,Jake had started kissing and licking my breasts and flicking my
large nipples with his finger,I was still telling them I was going to tell on
them and get them in trouble when suddenly Jake said,If you do they will send
ether us away to prison or you away to live elsewhere,I realised then I could
never do that,which was the start of all this".

"They untied me and I went to my room and stayed there till Mother came home
then carried on and said nothing, it would only be the following week but it had
been forgotten or so I thought as usual Mother and Father went to market,I had
some chores to do in the field which took me a few hours when I got back to the
farm,Tom was there with the two boys.Tom Trent was two years older then the
boy`s and six years older than me,he had an older sister who was known as the
bike of the village,he smiled at me when I came in,Hello Janet been behind the
tool shed,I froze and stared at John and Jake,I called them a pair of bastards
for telling him but Tom just kept on going,Going to give me a feel of some,you
can share it around it`s not just for family".

"I again shouted you bastards and ran upstairs but they were right behind me,I
knew Mothers room had a lock on it so I went for the big bedroom,as life goes I
stumbled as I reached the door and fell through it closely followed by Tom who
grabbed me and said,You didn`t think you were getting away did you,I told you I
want a feel of it,I tried to scratch him but these two arrived and they were all
over me.It was usless fighting they had me pined to the bedroom floor then Tom
shouted,Let`s strip her,let`s get her naked".

"I was pleading for the boys to stop Tom but they were just as excited as him
and soon they were holding me naked on the bed,I still fought for all I was
worth,Tom said,Get some rope lets tie her then we can have some real fun,Jake
went and got the rope and they laughed as they tied me to the bed,I screamed at
them,they would be in serious trouble but Tom just grinned,You didn`t tell last
time and you won`t this time,you don`t want to see your brothers in prison and
we ain`t stoppen, well I ain`t, not after seeing your lovely tit`s,do you know
your nipples are bigger than my sisters and she loves boy`s sucking on hers,Jake
asked,What else does your sister like,Tom still grinning,Don`t worry lads I,ll
show you everything she likes and I,ll use your sister to show you".

"No,please no but it was as if I had not spoken,Tom said,You two suck her
nipples I,m going to suck her cunt,John looked at Tom,Her cunt that's what it`s
called,we have cocks they have cunt`s and my cock wants a look at her cunt,I
still pleaded with them to stop but it was no use,John and Jake were sucking my
breasts but Tom was between my legs sucking my cunt he was holding me open with
his thumbs and pushing his tongue all over and up me,John asked Tom if that's
where you put your cock to make babies,Tom looked up,Yes but if you put this on
it stops that problem,still lying on the bed he got a packet out of his pocket
and put it on the bed,John looked at me,See Sis we ain`t going to make you
pregnant".

"Even though I was tied I froze,they were going to do it,I looked at Tom,You
can`t do that,he winked at me and nodded and I felt him go back to playing with
my cunt,I lay there as the boy`s abused me and what they were doing had some
nice moments but that all stopped when Tom said,Allright you two lets get
undressed and lets fuck her.Again I cried, told them no,threatened them but to
my horror the three of them stood around me naked with their cocks sticking out
and they were hard and long.Tom said I,ll go first and show you how my sister
says she likes it, slow to start with and really hard when she wants to come,I
lay there helpless as I watched him put on a rubber".

"He got on top of me and with one hand guided it in to me then slowly he pushed,
it happened, something tore inside,I burst into tears but he just kept going,the
other two were mesmerized by him fucking me,I even saw the touching theirselves
as he pushed in and out until I felt him stiffen and shove very hard,he had come
and pulled himself out,got a paper bag and dropped the rubber in and said great
hole,Jake said if it`s just a hole what's the matter with her bum,Tom
said,Nothing`s the matter,my sister reckons it great up there and you don`t need
a rubber,Jake said,I want to do her bum".

"Tom got hold of me and told John to get a cushion and put it under my bum then
he looked at Jake and said, She is all yours,I was still in pain between my legs
as Jake was preparing to sodamize me,I looked at him as he got between my
legs,No Jake please don`t do it,he just said,Sorry Sis and started to push all
around the crack of my bottom,I suddenly felt him touch the hole and start his
relentless push up,Oh how it hurt and there was no way to stop him as it sank
further and further in me until it was fully in,he looked at me and said,Your
very tight I hope I can shot my stuff in you,as though it was my fault he was
fucking my ass but he did fuck me and he did shot all his stuff up me,I looked
at John for help but all I could see was another long hard cock ready to take
me". 

"What else does your sister like,John asked,Tom thought and said,Well she says
the boys give her a better fuck after she has had their cocks in her mouth,she
says she sucks them and kisses it all over till it`s really hard and then they
fuck her very fast because their already really excited,John looked at me,Hear
that Sis, your going to suck my cock and lick it and play with it with your
mouth,Tom piped in,And I,m going to play with your cunt again so if you don`t
want me to hurt you anymore you better suck him good,go on John fuck her mouth,I
saw this long thing coming towards me,oh no I couldn`t put that in my mouth".

"He had a wild look in his eyes,Come on Sis open up and put this in your mouth,I
looked,Please don`t make me do this, for pity sake let me go,Tom said,Don`t
worry if she hurts you she will get a lot of this and he ripped out some of the
few hairs I had over my cunt I screamed, he laughed,Her mouths open now, go on
fuck it and John got hold of my hair,pulled my head up and to the side and
pushed his foul thing into my mouth and I had to lick it as he pushed it in,he
didn`t know how far it would go so he shoved until I chocked,he looked at Tom
who said,Don`t worry to much, they always choke a bit first time then they get
to know how to do it and how we like it,she will suck better next time,as much
as my mouth was being forced to suck this filthy cock, I couldn`t believe my
ears,what next time"

"Well my little ones that was it,there were lot`s of next times,after John had
fucked my mouth,Tom took his turn in it and Jake had the great pleasure of being
the second up my cunt then they untied me and I had to let them play with me in
the bath  and I didn`t tell on them so you can guess what happened after
that.They took every opportunity to have me even when Mother or Father were
around if they could, they would and of course Tom had his far share,his sister
used to get rubbers from her fellers so they didn`t make me pregnant I sometimes
wished they had, at least I would have had a rest from the continues abuse my
body took,anyway that's were you come in". 

"After Mother and Father were killed in a farming accident and Tom moved away I
stayed with them and for the past sixteen years I have been here for them to
have sex with when ever they want but now they want some fresh and this war has
delivered you,as I said no-one knows your here so we will keep you and use you
for our pleasures".

"Even at my young age I had listened to this woman and her story but also
realised what a hell we had been tricked in to and my only hope was my mother,I
remembered her face as she pined my label on not 12 hours ago,would come looking
for me,the woman could see I wasn`t listening and she snapped at me,I bet nether
of you know anything about fucking so you will watch me tomorrow while I let the
boy`s fuck me and I suck them then you will let them do anything they want to
you or I will give you both the strapping of a life time and they will still
fuck you after anyway but first I will spend tonight with you and I,ll teach you
the art off sucking each others cunts plus you can both give me some fun too".

"She got up and the three of them left and for a few minutes we sat in stunned
silence looking at each other before Vera started to cry I hugged her but didn`t
know what to say,Janet came back,You go to the toilet,I went outside where Jake
was waiting and we walked down stairs and to a toilet,he kept the door open and
watched,I was so scared,he never spoke as we went back and Vera trod the same
route,until  she was brought back and the door locked,Janet looked at us
both,You were hugging when I came in,do it again,and we sat on the bed  I put my
arm around Vera,Now kiss her on the mouth and I mean like they do at the
pictures, long and with your mouths open,I did as she told me and kissed
Vera,Put your tongue in her mouth and she made us do it for a long time,Now you
have got friends Pat pull Vera's vest down and play with her tittie`s,I carried
on as told squeezing Veras titties and touching her nipple,Use your tongue on
her nipples,I bent down and started to lick her nipples,Your a natural.lets see
if Vera`s any good,Vera was forced to do the same to me and it made me feel
strange".

 "That's a start girls,now undress each other and when your naked go back to
kissing each others nipples and keep your legs open I want to see if it`s having
any effect,we were trying hard to kiss each other as she stood beside us putting
her fingers on our cunt`s,as she called them,she said,Not very wet lets see what
a little licking can do,Vera lay on the bed,Pat get on top of her facing her
cunt,that's right now lower your head down and lick her cunt and lower your legs
so Vera can suck your cunt and you stay like that until your cunts wet each
others face and if you don`t get wet I,ll give you to the boys for a good
whippen,with the fear of being handed to the boys I pushed my mouth all over
Vera's cunt and tasted it with my tongue it wasn`t as bad as I thought so I
worked harder on her hoping she would do the same for me,I had to make wetness".

"Thank the lord something was happening I could feel Vera`s tongue and I was
getting wetter until I was just going through a very strange feeling when Vera
pushed her hip`s up to my face,held my head with her legs and shouted as liquid
spurted from her cunt into my mouth,I lifted my head up to wipe my mouth when
Janet grabbed me tight and licked all over my face as she did she pushed me down
on Vera`s mouth and I felt the same thing happening to me,Janet pulled me off
and I watched as she licked what I had done off Vera`s face,You both taste very
nice I will enjoy you both tonight and she started to undress".

"Alright girls you do it to me,Pat you lick my cunt and Vera my nipples and do
it good also get your ass round her I what to finger you,I was between her legs
licking,I could see Vera working on her nipples and her hand playing with Vera`s
cunt,Vera kept jumping and squealing,I heard,Vera come here and sit on my
face,let`s keep that cunt of yours hot,Vera positioned herself on her face
looking at me and playing with Janet`s breasts,I watched as Janet licked and
sucked Vera and saw how Vera`s face changed from fear to excitement that was
when she made more wetness in Janet's mouth."

"The fear of this kind of sex seem to disappear as through the night we licked
each other and played with breasts and cunts at one point we were on the bed in
a big triangle each one sucking at the others cunt it wasn`t till morning that
we pleaded with her to let us go,she just laughed and told us that she had not
enjoyed a night like that for a long time and was already looking forward to
more nights together,but for now she could here the boys outside so it was wash
and toilet time before the next lesson".

"We went through the ritual of being taken downstairs,we also had breakfast and
now we were sat on the bed waiting our fate she was sat in front,she told us the
first thing was how to suck them and she called them in,my heart sank,I felt
sick I thought that Vera was going to pass out,the two brothers came in naked
and their cocks were huge,I had heard enough from the story to know what they
were going to do to us with them,she knelt between them and held one in each
hand and started to rub them up and down then she turned her head to one, opened
her mouth and swallowed it,moving her head backwards and forwards taking so much
of it down her throat then turned to do the same to the other,she kept doing
that for ages until first one then the other pumped white stuff into her
mouth,as she spoke to us I could still see some of it in her mouth,she nodded to
the boys and they stood in front of us pointing a finger at us,Just suck their
fingers like you saw me do to their cocks,breath through your nose and see how
far you can take it down your throats".

"They did it to us until we could swallow a bit without chocking as they were
doing it their other hand was touching our breasts,playing with our nipples and
I could just see his cock, I watched it as it started to get big again,Janet
laughed,Seems like your nice tittie`s are getting the boy`s hot again so I
better show you how they fuck me,Jake you fuck my cunt then John you can have my
ass. We watched wide eyes as she put this rubber thing on his cock them he
humped himself in to her,she seemed to enjoy it and at the end he pulled out of
her and made me take the full rubber thing off,then she turned over and knelt on
all fours and with out the rubber thing John pushed this huge thing up her
bottom and pumped at her the same way that Jake had,I couldn`t understand how
something that big was in her bottom and he was really banging it in to her
until he groaned and fell forward on to her back,she pushed him off, got up and
picked up her dress,Well girls that`s what you do,there will be more things,
such as them both fucking one girl at once or tit fucking but I won`t let that
happen yet, no, not for a long time ,now you look after the boy`s and I warn you
they can be a little rough so if they are, you just shout and I,ll come and stop
them,she went out the door and left us with the grinning brother`s".

"We expected the worse but they just laid on each bed and told us to play with
their cocks then they made us kiss them and lick the ends,finally we wanked them
until their white stuff came out all over our hands,they were polite and said it
was time to feed us,they put a locked collar on us and took us down stairs to be
feed,at night I was taken to Johns bed and Vera to Jakes again we played with
their cocks and did the same as earlier as we went to sleep they just tickled
our cunts and sucked our breasts,again in the morning we gave them a wank and
they left us to breakfast with Janet,maybe it was not going to be to bad".

"This carried on for a few days,one night when Janet was using us we said how
nice they had been we thought it was because we were so young and Janet said she
had made them promise and they had kept to their side,she was so happy because
she was going to market next day,she felt good about things.We all saw her off
us from the window as they had locked us in the room and as she whipped the
horse away we watched the men go back to the field as the cart rode out of
sight,then the men turned and came back towards the house".

"We heard a thump outside our door and then it opened,John and Jake filled the
door way,Hello girls,all alone are we,how loud can you shout,John smiled,We will
soon find out,get on the bed,you, Vera on your back with your legs wide open so
little Patty can show us how she sucks cunt.Vera laid on the bed with her leg
wide open all the fear had come back,John clamped his hand on my jaw and lifted
my face to his,Listen little girl and listen good the honeymoon is over,we want
to have some fun with you little girls,our kind of fun,like we did with Janet
all those years ago,she didn`t tell you that she threatened to tell our parents
that`s why we got rid of them,we can get rid of Janet,take this as a warning,
keep Janet happy and you keep Janet,now you seem to be the bright one so keep
her mouth shut too".

"I nodded and he let go of me,We understand then do we,you get down on her cunt,
get it wet while we strip off and we have all day to have some real fun.As the
men stripped they kept talking to us,Hey John,there is nothing nicer than a
young girls cunt,John laughed,Or tastier,hey Pat are you sucking that delicious
young cunt,you better be sucking it good I want to see her cum and we really
want to see some good cunt lapping,Vera squealed as she felt my tongue work on
her I could see Jake smile at John and said,Sounds like she`s licking it like
she enjoys it,I don`t see why Vera should have all the fun.John said,Do you
think it`s time for Vera to eat some cunt.They turned me round and had us over
each other,Jake told us,Now we want both of you to have a good enjoyable suck
between each others legs,remember if you don`t do it right or stop before we
tell you,we will start,we may start with a discipline lesson".

"I suddenly felt a finger go up me and Jakes voice,Keep licking her,just want to
find out how wet she is,John`s head came down beside me,Same go`s for you keep
licking,both of you are going to cum,and as he pushed his finger into Vera,he
said,Nice to have you both wet when we take your virginity.We kept licking each
other, it took us a long time,with the fear of what was to happen next and the
times their hands kept pinching our bottoms and any where else that they could
get their hands on it was hard to relax but eventually we felt or bodies start
to get wet and then we both worked very hard to bring on an orgasm,we knew they
wouln`t let us stop until we had wet each others face with our juice`s".

"John said ,It would be fun for the girls to break themselves in,Jake said,How
do you mean,John said, Watch,get up girls me and Jake are going to lay on the
bed you two will suck our cocks till we tell you to stop then you climb up on
the bed and sit on them all the way up.I pleaded with him not to but he just
grabbed me turned me over his knee and spanked me so hard,I fought to get off
but he was so strong that I had no chance and his open hand pounded me till I
coudn`t stand any more and what use had my fight been I was still standing over
him,him holding my hair as his huge cock was pumping in to mouth.Out of the
corner of my eye I saw Jake get hold of Vera and pull her on to the bed, his
rough hands forced her on top of him and he held her hips as she sat on his
cock,I saw it go in her and he pushed hard on her hips and it disappeared up her
until the air rang with her scream and I knew he had broken her and I knew that
soon it was going to happen to me".

"The moment I had dreaded came as John pulled me by the hair on to him and I
gave up,I just sat on it and took the pain that I knew would come and then the
hard fucking began.He was like a man possessed I was being pumped up and down as
hard as he could my teeth were shaking and the pain was terrerable he was loving
it he had hold of my nipples and pushing them up and down to keep me moving any
time I put my hands up to stop him he slapped ether my face or my tit`s and he
taughted me with,I think your cunt`s great I bet your ass is going to be the
same,I couldn`t stop the tears that ran down my face as I wondered how long we
would be kept prisoner and how much of this could we stand".

I didn`t have time to think any longer as I felt him pushing faster and for the
first time in my life I felt a man cum up me,he immediately pulled me off and
laid me on the bed,he stared at me,open your legs and pull your knees up let me
see that cunt,I did as he told me and he started to finger me pushing a finger
up then two,Oh that's nice real nice,he was trying to get a third in as I heard
Jake cum up Vera  and he did the same with her,the two of them were seeing how
many fingers they could get up us and they were hurting.John told Jake to pass
him the cream,he squirted some on his fingers and pushed them up me and with an
evil grin he looked at me,Put your fingers round your legs and stick them up
your cunt make sure you get all that cream in yourself,I,m going to do the same
to your ass".

"I felt disgusted at what I was doing but the thought of want they had planned
for us next filled me with fear,just the pain from Johns finger as he pushed the
cream up my bottom was enough but he was getting very excited,Come her Patty
suck me hard again and he pulled me up as he laid on the bed ,Get down between
my legs and start sucking my cock again,he laid there with his legs open wide
and pulled my head down stuck his cock in my mouth and started fucking my throat
again then he pull me off and told me to lick his ass,he pulled my head back
down only this time I was licking his foul tasting ass,Jake was copying him with
Vera,I thought she was going to be sick as Jake forced her to tongue his
ass,then I was back on his cock and I knew what was coming as I felt it get hard
in my mouth".
,
"He got up,O.K. Patty on your knees and get the pretty ass up in the air,it`s
time to fill your last hole,I crawled on the bed and knelt on all fours as I
felt him climb on behind, then I felt it touching my bottom then push and in,he
told me to relax and I did anything to make this hell easier.The cream helped as
it slid up me but it hurt, he didn`t care he was so turned on that he fucked me 
harder then before.The same thing was happening to Vera I could see Jake huge
cock buried up her bottom and he was pushing in just as hard as John,they were
talking filth to use,Come on get fucked get your ass`s up and enjoy the fucking
you hot pair we are going to be fucking you for years, you can have our
babies,hope they have girls we can fuck them when we wear out their mothers and
we can drown the boy`s they will have plenty as I could fuck these ten times a
day.What they were saying made me really frightend but they didn`t stop fucking
us". 

"After they had finished we were forced to clean their cocks with our
mouths,Vera couldn`t stop crying so they gave her something to cry about,they
both took turns to thrash her I tried to stop them but they got the rope they
had dropped outside the door and tied me up and left me on the bed to watch,they
only used their hands as they  said that the marks would be gone by the time
Janet came home.After they had beat her in to silence they took us  down stairs
to clean up besides they were hungry,after we had been to the toilet they
cleaned us up, they made some bread and cheese and sat at the table they asked
us if we wanted anything to eat,we said yes,we were forced on our hands and
knees under the table and as they ate their meal they held our hair and rammed
our mouths up and down their cocks till they filled us again".

"There was an hour to go before Janet got back they told me I had been a good
girl and that I should get the prize,before I had time to argue I was sitting on
Johns cock looking at him as he pulled and twisted my nipples and Jake was
behind me ready to push his cock up my ass the two of them were going to fuck me
at the same time I knew it would hurt but I was resolved that this would be our
fate for many years,just pieces of meat for these two too fuck when ever and how
ever they wanted".

"We were woken by Janet the following morning and we lied, we told her that they
had fucked us but been very gentle and kind,she was pleased and she now felt
safe to leave us with them.Every time she went out they brutalized us,so cruel
and perverted,they loved a thing called a Round Robin,Vera knelt on my face Jake
fucked her mouth as John fucked my ass, then we  would all change places and
start again.Then there was the bondage times,they would have us tied facing each
others cunts while they fucked a mouth, cunt or ass as we were made to lick
their cocks as they were fucking us.They even resized the bed bottom so they
could tie us face down with our wrists to ether side and our heads through and
tied to the bars leaving us defenceless to what ever perverted act they wanted
to use us for. The only time we did not get hurt was when we had to look after
Janet's needs at least she didn`t beat us".

"I didn`t know how long we had been there,six or nine months when  that day
came, they were out in the fields and there was a dog fight between some
Spitfires and German bombers above us, there was a massive explosion, the sky
turned red, out of the red a huge black cloud of smoke billowed.Suddenly bits of
plane where raining down and a huge piece of wing hurtled into the field and as
we craned our necks around the side of the window we could see that were the
tractor was there was a hole covered in fire. All we could see was Janet laying
in the field,we waited to see if she moved, but nothing.After half an hour
people came running in to the farmyard some of them going to Janet and other to
the crater. We banged on the window and shouted as loud as we could,thank god
some-one heard and we were released,they found us some clothes and took us
out,by now an Ambulance had arrived and we had to travel with Janet.We were
leaving the farm and I could see that Janet was awake and couldn`t help but ask,
why she had let her brothers do what they had done to us?she looked at me and
said,they always told me that's What Little Girls Are For.

So twenty years have past in the life of Pat Thomas,she had put the past behind
her and never told any-one about it.Now she was a beautiful woman who you would
never have taken her for 32 and here she is driving to an old farm house with
her twin 12 year old daughters and her 14 year old nephew,the holiday was a gift
from one of her husbands clients,he never use`s the place and they all needed
the break, she had gone ahead on the Friday,before her husband joined them the
next day,it was the first time she had been in a farm house since the problems
of the war.

The light was fading as she saw the sign for the little village and she knew she
had another two miles after that to find the remote farm but it was only 400 yds
for the three escaped convicts who were also making their way to the farm,they
had been told by the master mind of the break out that the only person who goes
near there was a caretaker who cleans and checks the place out on the 5th of
each month and the break out was the weekend of the 7th so it would be
perfect,they arrived and thought it better to check it out,so slowly that looked
at the place,it wasn`t long before they had to duck down to avoid the
headlight`s of the car as it pulled in to the drive beside the back door.

They watched as the car doors opened and the very attractive woman fumbled in
her bag for the key the two girls bobbed around her with their little ponytails
bouncing to their excitement the boy just had his hands in his pockets looking
bored,she unlocked the door and put some lights on and called to the boy to give
her a hand with the box`s, they were looking in the boot when a phone rang and
then stopped a moment later one of the girls came out,"It`s daddy, he can`t come
until Tuesday,he want`s to talk to you,"she went in and then returned to finish
moving the things they had brought in to the farmhouse,the three men looked at
each other and waited.

After about an hour they decided to find somewhere else, one of them went round
the back of the house and was soon back,"You got to come see this,"he took them
round the back where there was three windows with only lace curtains the sight
in the first window caused the men to take a sharp intake of breath,it was Pat
she was standing in just her bra,a very full bra and silk camy-knickers hugging
her hips the lines of the suspender belt came out from under them down to the
stockings that covered a pair of shapely legs,she was putting her hair up and
they could see the steam from the wash basin at the side of her.   

In the second the boy was sitting on the bed looking at a comic picking his nose
and so to the third,the two girls or two little honey-pots,just in their junior
bras which were far to small for them and then just a little pair`s of pink
pant`s covered two adorable bottoms and the thing making them look perfect was
white knee socks that kept the cold off their feet,one of the men put his finger
to his lips and pulled the other two, they sneaked back to the barn,they put a
jumper over the lock to cover the noise of the rusty screws giving way, they
went in to look round.

They had a small torch and soon found a pair of snips,one of them spoke,"Cut the
telephone then get back here,"the torch scanned the table and they saw four or
five lengths of rope, some insulation tape and peices of cloth,he took the new
paint brush`s aswell, picking them up along with a net-bag of pegs as the other
one returned,he spoke again,"O.K.we all know what we are thinking and what we
want to do to those three beauties you are "A",Jacob is "B" and I,ll be "C" we
will take the woman out first then the kids and with any luck we will have some
food,drink,shelter and give our under-used cocks some fun until Tuesday then we
can get rid of the woman and the boy,take the two girls to play with and use as
hostages, we will take the car, dump it and go back to the plan,alright,I think
the window should still be as we were told,let`s go play".

The window had been loosened earlier and easerly prised open,they were quickly
in  moving to the door where Pat was and two of them slid in. She was bent over
the basin washing her face her bottom pointing right at them,full and covered in
black silk with the seam of her stockings in perfect line,"B"kept a watch down
the hall as the other`s crept up to her just as her hand went out for the towel
and"A" handed it to her, she stood up fast, he pushed it into her face holding
the back of her head,"If you want your kids to see their next birthday you will
be quite,now put your hands behind you,"slowly she clasped her hands behind her
and she felt rope being fastened round them,then her elbows,his hold was very
hard almost suffocating as her ankles and knees were bond tight,he pulled the
towel away and put his finger to her lips,whispering,"Open up"and a  piece of
cloth was pushed in, the insulation tape wound round,as her hair was pined up it
was easy to unpin it and let it fall over the tape,he smiled as he looked at her
and they left her standing there,standing there helpless with the smell of the
farmhouse that brought back memories.

They moved down to the boys room but he gave up easy and he was soon lying on
the bed bound hand and foot,next the girls room three of them just walked in
causing the girls to scream in panic they were still in there underwear,"A"
grabbed one ponytail and held on tight as the other two roped up the other
leaving her gagged and wiggling in pain at the way she was tied then the same
thing happened to the other and the three men looked at the wiggling captives
with their arms crossed and tied then their ankles crossed and pulled up the
rope and fastened it to their arms,keeping their legs open wide, there was only
one thought on their mind,they went back to Pat.

She was still standing where they left her a magnificent sight and they hadn`t
seen a woman let alone one as beautiful as this for a long time,they were up for
a bit of fun with her,"C"stood in front,"You be a good girl and wait right
her,we are going to eat and see what you brought to drink,get ourselves cleaned
up and come back but before we go I want to leave you with something to think
about,you got kids in there if you want us to stay in here you are going to be
nice to us,I think you understand",he squeezed one of Pats breasts then they
left.

Pat stood there,she could see herself in the bedroom mirror the realisation of
what she looked like to the men was all to obvious,with her elbows tied tightly
together her large breasts strained forward in her black silk bra her long hard 
nipples showed through,her eyes looked down her flat stomach she saw that as her
legs were tied above the knee as well as the ankle the silk black camy-knickers
were pulled tight between her legs showing her mound down to her slit,her
stocking clad legs squeezed together and her silky naked thighs with the black
strap of the suspender above the lace pattern on her stocking tops gave an
alluring sight.


They found cold chicken some beer and used the bathroom and they did it all very
quickly, within an hour they were walking back in to the bedroom.Each one had a
beer in his hand as they walked around the bound woman all she could do was
stand there as hand`s groped her until "C" stood in front again,"Well I hope you
have had time to think,have you,"she nodded,"I,m glad to see you are a caring
mother,now we all want you to be nice to us,we are going to take the gag off and
let you give us all a wank with your mouth,"The tape was unwound and the cloth
removed,she looked at him,"You promise not to harm the girls and I promise to do
as you ask,"they all smiled at each other,"Nice speech lady,your very pretty,how
about a kiss,"he kissed her hard and put his hand round holding the cheeks of
her bottom and pulling her forward grinding his cock into her,"Do you want to
get on your knees and I will fuck your mouth or shall I lay on the bed and let
you do all the work,"she remembered how she hated having a cock ram hard into
her mouth and down her throat so she told him to lay on the bed,he went over
took of his trousers and lay,the other two picked her up and stood her by the
bed they made her bend all the way over to take his cock and the way her legs
were tied she couldn`t bend them far so as she took the hard cock in her mouth
the other two could kneel or crouch behind her pull her knickers to the side and
play with her cunt and ass-hole,wetting their fingers and pushing in as far as
they could keeping her hips wiggling for their pleasure.

With the men being very aroused he didn`t take long to fill her mouth pumping
loads of white sperm in her,she stood up and swollowed as much as she could as
they changed places and she was pushed back down on another while "C" went
behind to carry on where the other had left off, playing with her cunt,in about
half an hour she had swallowed three heavy loads to the enjoyment of the men
they then decided it was her turn to get hot,they untied her legs,took or cut
off knickers and bra put her on the bed retied her legs wide apart "A" was at
her mouth,"B" was at her nipples and "C" was between her legs and as the
words,"Please don`t"where cut of by"A"mouth the three men started to kiss,lick
and suck at Pat`s body.

"C" moved between her widely spread thighs and sank his tongue into her soft
labia,he found her clitoris and worked at her making her give involuntary
sighs."A" kissed her lips and "B"sucked on her nipples as the three men worked
at her,Soon she was close to cuming,they stopped letting her slide back then
they would start again,bringing her back.The three kept this treatment up for
ages,Pat was shaking at times unable to have an orgasm.They laughed at her
efforts to get off,she was trying to use her muscles to make herself
come,anything not to want them to do her,but the way she was tied and the way
they held her it was easy to hold her long enough to let it die off,before
starting it all over again.This happened as often as the men wanted enjoying
seeing the woman get hot.Finally "C" pulled himself up between her legs and
roughly pushed his stiff cock in to poor Pat making her bite her lip as the
others watched.

The poor woman was almost in tears,she knew she was about to have an orgasm,she
didn`t want too as she was being raped by these animals but she couldn`t stop
herself as she shouted out as the first orgasm hit her as she did "C" came at
the same time and his place was quickly taken by"A"he looked at"C"She`s fucking
soaking"and as he rammed in,"C"smiled"I know but she fucks great you will soon
find that out"soon he was pumping in her as hard as he could,forcing her back up
and towards another orgasm,as "B" kissed and mauled her mouth "C" licked and
sucked her nipples till they were hard,long and sensitive and with the hard
fucking that"A" was giving to her she came again and as he emptied his cream
into the lovely woman,he looked at "C","You were right what a gorgeous fuck she
is".

Pat lay there exhausted as"B" smiled down at her,"Want some more"she shook her
head and moaned"No,please no more,"but he put his hand on her cunt and smiled"Oh
I think you do,your cunt lips are all puffed up I know that means there`s some
fun left in them,let me prove it to you,"and he moved between her legs,"Pass me
the brush`s and the bag let`s see what they do,"he took the three brush`s,past
one to each of the others,"See what happens when you tickle her nipples with
these as I see how fanny likes it,"the three men started with the
brush`s,flicking her nipples with the soft bristles and as for"B" he was holding
her clit nub and brushing over it and watching her jump at every touch as her
body couldn`t help but respond,the more she jumped the harder they rubbed
bending down to suck her nipples longer and then the brush was thrilling her
again and "B" was really working the soft bristles in to her cunt pushing his
fingers in then slowly pulling out forcing the lips up to the brush until he got
what he wanted.

He smiled up at her as she whispered the word,"Please," "B" said"Please what"she
moaned"Please I need it,"again "B" said,"Need what,"she fought hard but the
words came out"Please put it in me for pity sake,"in triumph "B"said,"Put what
in were,"and as her body shook,"Please put you cock in me and fuck me for pity
sake,fuck me,"he through the brush on the bed and lifted himself into her
sliding in to the hilt as her cunt lips gripped around his thick cock,he then
fucked her as hard as he could as she rocked and moved under him moaning and
begging,he put his hand down and tickled her clit until she came in a incredible
orgasm,then lay back sobbing at her humiliation as "B" kissed her nipples, then
gloating down at the beautiful woman"It was a pleasure, you can ask me anytime
to fuck you," and got off her laughing with the others.

After they stopped laughing and the crude remarks at what they had done
finished, it was decided to see too the kids, they untied Pat, as her arms were
let loose she immediately buried her face in her hands sobbing
uncontrollably.Stop crying or we will see to the kids ourselves,Pat pulled
herself together and sat looking at them,"Clean your face up,don`t want the kids
to see Mummy upset,"C" took control,"B"you see to the boy,take him to the
bathroom,get him to do all he has to do and meet us in the kitchen,"A" Tie her
hands infront of her and take Mummy to the girls untie their legs and let Mummy
take them to the bathroom one at a time keep one kid with you as she see`s to
the other, any funny business hurt the kid you got, then we will feed everybody
before bedtime,nothing like playing parents then eating together and bedtime
with Mummy,what do you say Mum".

Pat bit her lip and tried to keep calm as she was marched only in suspenders and
stockings to her daughters room she could have cried again as she saw the way
they were tied,"A" untied their legs and they were lead to the bathroom,Pat took
Shirley in as Betty stayed out with"A"as Pat took the gag of Shirley she did her
best to calm her,telling her everything was allright,outside the door "A"
feasted his eyes on the bound and gagged little darling beside him.Looking down
he could see the swell of her young breasts against her undersized junior bra
and the snug fit of her pink pants,it took all his will power to keep his cock
in his trousers.he had only just controlled himself when they changed places`s
and Shirley was stood beside him and after she had been washed in cool water her
young nipples were pointing through her bra all he could think of was, later.

As Pat made some soup Alan couldn`t take his eye`s off his Aunt, he had never
seen a beautiful woman naked before and it didn`t go un-noticed,they didn`t take
long and soon Alan was being retied and covered for the night,"A" took the girls
back,gagged them and retied their legs the same as before there was no way they
were going to escape,he covered them with a blanket and went to the door looked
up to see nothing he heard the sound of washing up and returned to the girls.He
knelt between the beds,"Listen girls we will hurt your Mummy if you don`t do as
you are told if you are good girls and say nothing of what happens she will be
safe,understand,they nodded,as he was saying this his hands were under the
blanket on each girls legs sliding slowly up as they reached the panties he
could fell their slits through their pants,his carried on up to cup pairs of
firm young tit`s as he pinched the little nipple he heard the girls squeal into
their gags he looked at them and whispered,"Later".

While this was happening,"C"was in the kitchen with Pat she was trying hard to
wash up with her hands tied,"C"stood beside her running his hand over her bottom
and tickling in between her legs,"Open you legs sweetie let me get at that cunt
again,"she parted her legs,"Now bend your knees,"she did as she was told and"C"
had full access to both her holes,"You wash your cunt out,get all that nasty
cream we put in,out,but you enjoyed it didn`t you,"she said nothing."Didn`t
you"and he pulled at the delicate hairs on her cunt she jumped,"Didn`t
you,"trembling she said,"You forced me,I couldn`t help it," "C"knew he had the
upper hand,"Doe`s you old man force you to come that much or is it just a quick
fuck and thank you,"she took a deep breath,"We have a normal sex life,"he
laughed as the others came back,"Then lets see how much forcing we have to do to
get you to cum that much,I promise you will even when we are fucking up your
ass,"they pulled her back to the bedroom.

She had never had anal sex since the brothers and that night was very painful
but they enjoyed ever moment of her tight firm bottom,leaving her hands tied in
front so she could be knelt on all fours being forced to suck any cock that
wasn`t up her ass and having her hanging breast`s pulled and pinched any time
they felt like it.For two hours they continually buggered her enjoying slapping
the defenceless bottom she was forced to keep up as they drove themselves hard
into her.It was after they had all had her ass that"C" decided to get her going
again only this time when they had her nipples hard they put the pegs on
them,keeping them out and very sensitive,when her cunt was again becoming very
wet,"B" laid on the bed and they made her sit on his cock this time with it up
her ass,still they worked on her cunt,"B" held her back to his chest and toyed
with the pegs on her nipples and as he had promised she was soon rocking
backwards and forwards on the cock up her ass,still the brush worked on her and
she knew they wouldn`t stop until she had begged them to fuck her so to end her
torment she looked at them and said"Now please,do me now,"and"A"grinned,pinched
the peg on her nipple got on and the two of them fucked her to another
humiliating orgasm.

It was time to get some rest after all it had been a long day they tied Pats
hands behind her and put her in the bed covered her and went for a last beer.Pat
didn`t know how long she had been there when she woke as the blanket was pulled
off her and"A"was staring down at her,"Morning, are you hungry?"she looked at
him,he pulled her legs round to the edges of the bed and then pulled her to sit
on the edge,undid his trousers and pulled the back of her head,"Feeding
time,suck it off," she took him in her mouth and worked her self up and down his
cock into her throat till he came again,she choked a little as he pulled her to
her feet,"See it`s not difficult to keep us happy,"and as he ran his hands over
her tit`s and down between her legs he said,"Time to sort the kids out".

They did the same as yesterday and "A" found himself out side the bathroom with
Shirley he bent down and told her she was a good girl for not telling her Mummy
about last night and she was not to say anything about him,she nodded as his
hand pulled out the top of her pants and looked down to the sparsely covered
slit nestling in her pants then he pulled her bra up and gazed upon two full
young breasts and the cold had her nipples really hard,he only just covered her
as Pat brought Betty out and they swapped,he didn`t mind he was soon looking at
all the beautiful parts of Betty.

They all had some toast and again Alan eye`s were transfixed on his beautiful
naked Aunt until they were all back in their bedrooms and Pat was Sucking "B"
while "C" fucked her from behind.They thanked her for getting rid of their
morning load and left her full of their filth as they went out of the room"A"
told her to get herself cleaned up,do her hair and find some nice new undies,put
some make-up on when she went to ask why he told her," She was there to
entertain not ask questions",soon she was a vision of loveliness in ivory bra
and pants with matching suspenders and new stockings as he fetched in some
chairs from the kitchen she was told to stand in the middle of the room.

He went to the door and whistled in a couple of moments the others came in,Alan
was pushed in but he wasn`t tied the girls walked in but were still gagged with
their arms crossed and tied behind them,"B" and "C" sat on the chairs lifting
the two girls on to their knees.Walking up to Pat "A" said,"We couldn`t help but
notice how much your nephew likes you, do you like him?"Pat nodded,"Good,come
here Alan," the boy walked slowly towards them,"Do you really like your
Aunty,she says she likes you,"the boy nodded,"Oh good,because we are going to
see how much,Aunty give your nephew a big kiss,"Pat looked at him and said,"No,I
couldn`t," "A"smiled"Oh what a pity then I suppose we will have to see if he has
kissing cousins,"Pat`s face changed,"You said you would leave the girls out of
this","A"was enjoying her panic,"Only if you did as you were told,remember,"Pat
knew she was beaten and she turned to Alan and kissed him quickly on the lips.

The three men smiled as "A"said,"I wouldn`t think you liked me with a kiss like
that,now try again and this time lets see some open mouths and French
kissing,Pat turned but as she did "B" made kissing noise`s towards Betty.She
closed her eyes and held Alan's face and started to kiss him as passionately as
she knew how and the men encouraged him to kiss back,telling him to stick his
tongue in her mouth and play with her tongue they enforced their fun by threaten
to beat him if he didn`t and the two of them kissed for as long as the men
wanted.Suddenly "A" said,"Now your friends I,m sure Aunty wouldn`t mind if you
see her tittie`s up real close,Pat looked at him,"Please no not him he`s just a
boy,"allright Aunty I wonder if he would like to see Shirley`s tit`s,"the men
licked their lips as she lowered her head and turned back to Alan.

The calls from the men were quashed as "A" said,"Alan just put your hands on
Aunties shoulders and pull the straps down,keep pulling and they will pop out
for you,"Pat stood there as her nephew pulled her bra straps down until her
breasts were on view again,"A" spoke,"We saw how you looked at Aunty when she
was making food now you can touch them,I bet you want to,well go on Aunty won`t
mind,will you Aunty,"Pat shook her head,"Now tell Alan what you want,"Pat took a
breath,"Alan I want you to play with my tit`s you can squeeze them and feel
them,"Alan started to feel her breasts and touch her nipples he was squeezing
them and getting very excited, you could see the bulge in his
trousers,"A"said,"My, Aunty is getting her nephew very hot,Aunty why don`t you
put your nipple in Alan`s mouth,"there was more howls of laughter,"Go on get
your hand round one of those beautie`s and stick it in his mouth,"Pat put her
hand under her breast and lifted it for Alan to suck on,which he did
greedily,"Aunty hold the other one, he might want to try both,"she stood there
with her hands under each of her breasts as her young nephew sucked noisily at
them, "I think he needs to cool off,Aunty take Alan's trousers off that might
make him cooler or would one of the girls like too,"Pat totally defeated knelt
and undid his trousers sliding them down his legs,she looked at "A" he nodded,"
Yes, go on take off his pants and while your down there give him a nice Aunty
kiss".

"A" carried on as Pat pulled Alan`s pant`s down,"Alan I take it you had never
seen a naked woman before yesterday,"he shook his head,"And you have never seen
sex have you,"again he shook his head,"Well today is you lucky day,Aunty going
to show what ladies do to make men happy,if you ask her nicely she will kiss and
suck your cock,"as he said the last word Pat moaned but knew there was no choice
as she heard Alan say,"Aunty Pat will you kiss and suck my cock"the others all
shouted"Go on Pat suck the kid off, give him as good a job as you did us or we
will see if it`s like Mother like daughter`s".

Pat took the young boys cock and said,"Of course I will kiss and suck your
cock,Alan"she took the cock in her mouth as her own daughters watched in horror
and the men made lewd comments,"Look at Aunty suck that cock, she loves a cock
in her mouth,oh yes I wonder if she will visit her nephew more often,she could
give him his birthday suck,come on Pat lets see you swallow it,I bet your girls
want to learn about sucking,"as all the remarks came thick and fast suddenly she
felt the first of his cream spitting in to her mouth and then cream spurted in
to her,she couldn`t take it all,there was so much from a 14 yr old, it dribbled
down her chin as she coughed  and spat to howls of laughter,"A" said "Did you
enjoy that Alan,"he looked and nodded there was the hint of a smile which was
not missed by "A""What would you like to do now with Aunty,how would you like to
tie her up,"Alan nodded,"A"said,"You can speak if you wish how would you like to
tie her up,"Alan said,"Like the girls,"Pat looked up from the floor,"as "A"
said,"Fold your arms behind you Pat,Alan wants to tie you up,"she did as asked
and Alan was handed rope and he tied her tight as he was tying her "A" through a
rope over the beam,"Tie her arms to this and pull her up then tie it off,"he did
and Pat stood slightly bent in front of them with just her pants, suspenders and
stockings covering her,staring at the floor for fear of what her daughters
thought.

Again "A" was at Alan,"Has your Aunty ever scolded you,or told you off,"Alan
nodded,"Then this your time to get your own back,you know she pulled your pant`s
down well now it`s your turn,go on pull her pants down,"Alan stood behind her,
as Pat  felt his fingers pulling at her pants she pleaded"No don`t let him do
it,"but it was to late they slid easerly down her stocking`s till they laid at
her ankles.Alan looked at the perfect bottom as "A" said,"Is it nice and
pink"Alan said"Yes,yes it is,"Pat was in tears and still saying,"Stop him please
stop him,you can have me but take the children back,I,ll do anything for you,but
not in front of the children,"the men all shouted"Sham on you,he`s your nephew
he needs to learn and so do you,go on Alan get your belt and make that pink ass
red,"Pat started screaming so much that "A" got up and took the cloth,rammed it
in her mouth and taped it in,he whispered in her ear,"I know you will do
anything for me,you have no choice but first this is good entertainment,don`t
worry I,ll soon be fucking you again,"then he said,"Go on Alan lets see how you
smack ass,"Alan took his belt and slapped the defenceless ass as "B" said "Go on
you can hit harder than that,"Pat looked at him and noticed that both "C" and
"B" were stroking the girls thighs just below their panties and holding them
very close to them. 

Alan was enjoying his power as he slapped hard onto Pat`s shapely bottom,every
thwack of the belt brought a muffled noise from behind the gag and the girls
were crying in to their`s,the room was full of half naked screaming females and
the men were loving every minute of it.Soon "A" could see that Pat was in real
pain,just what he wanted so he stopped Alan who was breathing heavy from his
exertions."A"stood up and went to the sobbing woman,"Do you want him to stop,"he
could just make out"MMYHEPPHHESS" through the gag,"I can make him stop but to do
that we are going to play a game,I am going to ask you a question you give me
the right answer no belt,if you give me the wrong answer he will hurt you,shall
we try it out,"she hung her head,he said"Alan again,"and the belt found it`s
mark,she shook,"Shall we try it out"she nodded,"Good,do you like it when any
man, apart from your husband,gives your cunt a good hard fucking,"she nodded,"
See you have got the idea,now we play for real".

He gestured towards the girls,"You see those lovely girls over there with my
friends"she nodded,"My friends want to put their hands in their pretty pink
pants is that allright,"MMMPPRRNNNOO"Alan again" and the belt came again and
again until she nodded to stop the pain,"That's better, would you beleave it
girls your Mummy wants my friends to put their hands in your pants" and as the
wriggled in their grasp,Pat saw the men push their hands down the front of each
girls pants and through tear filled eyes she could see the outline of their
finger playing around their slits.

"B" and "C" were loving the wriggling of the girls as their fingers pushed in to
their young cunts feeling as much as they could there and then round too their
ass-holes,"A" continued his sick game,"My friends have felt in their pants but
now they want to see their tittie`s is that all right"?she stared in hatred at
him as he nodded to Alan,Thwack,thwack,"MMMYHHHEPHSS"he smiled"That's
better,it`s allright lads Mummy said you can play with their tit`s",they didn`t
take telling twice the girls bras were pushed up and the men were sucking on the
beautiful young nipples while their finger still played in the pink pants,"A"
lent to Pat,"There is no need to answer this but we are going to take the girls
back to their room and fuck them all afternoon and night,I have plans for you
and don`t worry you will hear us as we fuck their cunt`s,mouth`s and plump
little ass`s.

The two girls were dragged out of the room as "A" looked at the hanging woman,he
got hold of Alan and marched him to the door and whispered in his ear,"She likes
it to look forced but as long as she is tied up and looks to be saying no she
won`t mind what you do to her,"then he slapped him really hard,knocking him to
the floor,"Do you want me to do that again,"Alan still holding his jaw shook his
head,"Right,you will untie your Aunty from the beam and then tie her to the
bed,with her legs spread wide then I want to watch you fuck your Aunt as many
times as you can,you can play with her as much as you like,do anything you like
to her remember she likes it this way, if you don`t do it good then you will get
ten times the beating I just gave you,understand,"Alan nodded and as "A" sat
down Alan moved behind Pat to let her off the beam.

He may have only been a 14 yr old boy but in Pats weakened state and her arms
still tied she was no match and soon found herself flat on her back with each
ankle tied to the bottom bed post,"A" came over to her in his hand he had the
bag of pegs and the brush`s,he looked at Alan,"Listen and watch,"he put the pegs
on her nipples and then some on her cunt lips,pulling and turning them as Pat
squirmed in pain then he showed Alan how to use the brush`s,looking down at Pat
he said"Just so you don`t see him,I hope you don`t mind I let him in to your
secret I told him you like to be fucked this way"he wrapped some tape around her
eyes,then he squeezed the pegs on her nipples,"Look love you don`t know it but
men enjoy 12 yr old girls,"she groaned as she remembered her twelfth year and
then heard the words," have fun," as he went to see what the other two were
doing.

As he went in to the girls room it was a wonderess sight,the two girls,still
tied were kneeling on each bed with two huge cocks working in and out of their
cute mouths,the poor things were fighting to breath as their jaws were held
tight and their pony-tails were being used to pull them on to the huge
cock,little coughing noises could be heard as the cocks were held in as far as
they would go."A"sat beside Betty and slid his hand between her legs,he smiled
up at"B" whose cock was filling her mouth,"Feels tight and certainly feels
fuckable,looking forward to finding out,"B" with the biggest grin said,"It felt
great when I was playing with it earlier and they both taste good we gave them
both a good cunt licking when we brought them in but we thought best to get rid
of a load in their mouths before the main event,fucking these little cunts needs
a bit of time,"Pulling Betty`s face from his cock he bent down to her,"Don`t you
agree little girl,you want us to fuck your little cunt`s right don`t you"and he
kissed the blubbering girl hard on her mouth before pulling her back down and
onto his cock again.

There was a cry of,"Fucking hell that was fabulous",as"C" came in Shirley`s
mouth the poor girl was chocking, spitting and crying all at once,some of the
cream fell on her breasts and"A" moved over and scrapped the mess off her tit`s
and feed it to her,"You musn`t waste any, ever,you looked very good sucking cock
so you can have mine now,"and he pulled the pony-tail towards him and aimed his
cock into the crying girls mouth and presided to fuck her mouth as hard as he
could with out chocking her, as he was "B"came in Betty`s mouth,again the
coughing and sobbing was music to their ears.As"A" was fucking Shirley`s mouth
the other two pushed Betty,still trying to spit the flith out of her mouth down
on the bed and jumped on her,"C"took her tit`s in his hands and mouth and"B"
buried his face in between her legs and pushed his tongue as far up her cunt as
it could possable go,"C" said to "B"get it real wet I,m going to be fucking that
in a minute".

He pulled his face away and told him"She ain`t going to be that easy to fuck she
very  tight,"C" got up and said,"You carry on sucking her out I,ll see if
Mummy`s got some cream as he walked by"A" he said,"You having a good
time,"A"just smiled as his cock buried it self in Shirley`s mouth making her
eyes bulge wide.After about five minute`s"C" came back with a grin so wide,"You
should see what's going on in there,that kid has got Aunties legs tied back over
her head to the bed head and she`s got pegs on her nipples and on her cunt,he`s
between her legs sucking and licking her while fucking her with the handle of
the brush then tickling all over her cunt with the bristles,oh and did I mention
he has the handle of her hair brush stuck up her ass,you know it may be fun to
let him loose on these two darlings tomorrow and sit back and watch with a nice
naked Mummy,that we can play with,while she sucks our cocks as the guest of
honour."

It didn`t take long for "A" to blow his cream in to the back of Shirley`s
throat,he pushed her back on the bed ready for"B" who was covering his hard cock
with cream ready to take her,"C" had his cock covered and was teasing Betty`s
cunt with his fingers,"A" looked at both of them,"Allright you two heres the
deal, you get to fuck the girls while I go and get the next bit of fun ready but
after that I get both girls to myself,understood,you get their cunt`s I get
their ass`s,you can watch me or play with Mummy`s cunt,that's if Alan has left
anything for us,but if my next idea turns out as much fun as I think she will be
ready for you,she is one good looking woman,I bet her old man ain`t fucking that
tasty little cunt her half as much as he should,bet she was a virgin when they
meet,she should have been broke in early, like these two.

He stood at the door a while just to watch the two men grab the girls, pull
their legs apart and start to push the cream up them,they were screaming and
pleading with them not too,but their sparsely covered cunts were to inviting for
any man to refuse,kicking their legs wide with their knees,holding their little
pony-tails hard down on the bed they guided their stiff cocks in to the sweet
holes and the screams of the terrified girls was music to their ears,"A"
said,"Keep them screaming I want Mum to hear it all and make sure they clean
your cocks with their mouths they will have to clean mine when I fuck their
plump little ass-holes".

He opened the door to the main bedroom and looked at the bed,Alan first
expereance at fucking his Aunt was something he would remember all his life,her
legs were tied back down to the bottom of the bed,her cunt had pegs on each lip
and he was sat on her fucking off between her tit`s both nipples had three pegs
on and the pegs were tied to each other keeping her tit`s close together as he
fucked them looking down at his gagged Aunt sayin"I,ve got to do this or they
will beat me,he warned me if I wasn`t fucking you all the time he`d knock my
teeth out,you don`t mind do you,you have been fucked by them a lot and you said
you didn`t mind when you sucked my cock,he said you liked it this way and I was
to keep you tied up and helpless because thats what makes you enjoy it.Can I
come round when Uncle Pete`s at work and tie you up and fuck you I,ll let you
suck my cock,would you like that?"A" laughed as he went towards the bed.

"Allright Alan get off her,time for some different fun,come on Aunty,come listen
to the delicate screams of your daughters as my friends fuck their cute little
cunts,Alan, throw the rope back over the beam again,Aunty you got another treat
coming,"he untied Pat from the bed but kept her tied,blindfolded and gagged he
left the pegs on her cunt and tit`s and lead her to the rope at the beam and
tied it to her arms again,"Don`t worry I don`t think your ass will get a warming
this time,infact you may just get off on this,but for the time being just stand
there and listen to them girls of yours going at it,their getting a real good
fucking".

She stood there shaking as she knew what they were going through but it didn`t
make listening to the shouts any easier,she heard him go back into their
room."A" looked at the girls still with their arms tied and at his two friends
"B" was still on top of Shirley his cock pushing slowly in and out,he looked at
"A" Came twice up this little beauty I was just seeing if she could make me hard
again,"A"laughed"You mean you just don`t want to take it out of such a sweet
tight cunt,there is more time you know,it`s only Saturday we have two more days
to play with these three".He looked at"C"who was laying next to Betty playing
with her cunt and kissing her tit`s,Betty just laid there staring at the
ceiling.  

Betty was pulled up as"A" said "I,v put Alan back in his room and I want you all
back in the main bedroom there is more fun to have with Mummy then it`s my turn,
I,m going to fuck me some young ass,let`s go",they all filed back in to Mummy`s
room the girls moving very slowly,they soon started crying again as they saw
their mother standing fastened to the beam,gagged and blindfolded,they were held
by their captors as "A" spoke to them,"You see your Mummy`s back on the beam
again,remember what we did to her last time,"they nodded,"Do you want us to hurt
her again,"they shook their heads,"When you hurt yourselves do`s your Mummy kiss
it better,"Betty little voice said "Yes,"A" smiled "Then you are going to do the
same for your Mummy,we have put nasty clips on her cunt and we have spanked her
ass and they need kissing better and if you don`t we are going to hurt her more
and keep hurting her cunt and ass till you do,do you understand,"they both
nodded,"Good then come with me".

They went over to Pat "A"said,"Did you hear all I said,"she nodded,Then open
your leg`s and keep them open,remember we can hurt any-one of you we like, when
we like, so keep them open no matter what".He got hold of Betty,"Kneel down,see
your Mummy`s cunt,"she said,"Yes,"he pulled her head up to Pat`s cunt,"Now kiss
it and lick it push your tongue right up it and if you stop we will hurt it and
you,understand,"Betty lowered her head and said"Yes",he grabbed her
pony-tail,put his hand between Pats legs and pulled the pegs off  and pushed
Betty`s face into Pat`s cunt."Shirley come here"  she shuffled to him, he took
her pony-tail and pulled her behind Pat,"See those red marks,"Shirley couldn`t
stop crying,"Shut up girl or I,ll give you a thrashing to make you cry,now kiss
ass and kiss all over it and then down between Mummy`s legs and do it good or
you both get a thrashing,understand,"she just looked at him,"I,ll take that as a
yes,now I,m going back and sit down you two get on with it and don`t forget I,ve
got the belt".

The two girls didn`t know what to do, they went through the motions of kissing
and licking at Pat between her leg`s and "A" wanted more,he got up and flicked
the belt hitting Pat on her right breast,she jump and made some sort of noise in
her gag,"Open them leg`s really wide and bend those knees or you get
another,"she did as ordered."A" moved to Shirley and swung his arm back and hit
her little bottom twice,with a little scream she crumpled to the floor,"You get
one more chance to do it right,get your face between your Mummy`s legs and lick
her cunt or I will take you back to your room and enjoy hurting you".Betty heard
it all and was allmost eating at Pat`s cunt,"A" slid his hand between Betty`s
legs and fingered her,"That's a good girl but I can still see the end of your
tongue it should be all the way up,"in fear of a beating she screwed her face up
and pushed her tongue in more as she did their little heads clashed in between
the stocking clad legs both fighting to push their tongues as far as possible.

After about five minute`s the girls started to tire, it just needed the slap of
the belt on Betty`s sweet bottom to start them off again,it was a few minutes
later that the men could see Pat was reacting,the amount of times her cunt had
been used it was easy to arouse her and soon she coudn`t help but push down to
meet the invading little tongue`s.Little moans escaped from the gag and you
could see the girls faces had traces of wet juice,"B"said,"They are going to
make her cum,how many times we going to make them do it,"A" smiled,"We will swap
the girls around and let Shirley have a mouthful,I reckon after that we will be
ready for them again"they nodded and went back to watching the show.


The cat-calls came think and fast as the men demanded more,"Come on girls have a
cunt snack till we tell you to stop,"Yes let`s see real happy families,"B"was
the worst,"Come on lick the juice out of your mother,faster lick that nub faster
or I,ll belt you,"the girls,sobbing with terror lapping with their tongues
travailing up and down the juicy slit from top to bottom. The men could see
Pat`s cunt was overheating and with the sound of laps and slurps Pat`s hips
began to wriggle her whole body was becoming active,the men even applauded as
Mummy pushed and moaned at the frantic lapping tongues,and then she came in
Betty`s mouth and"C" ordered Betty to  stay there and cover Mummy`s cunt with
her mouth and suck the juice out.

Pat hung by her bent arms as the men got up they moved and pulled the girls
up,"A"shouted,"Get Shirley to lick the juice of Betty`s face,""B" held Shirley's
pony-tail while she tried to lick all the mess of her sisters face,"B" also had
his hand between her legs giving her cunt a fingering,enjoying molesting the
moist slit before she was put between her Mother`s leg`s and made to start
licking and Betty found herself behind her Mother trying to get up her cunt as
far as she could,knowing what would happen if she didn`t.Pat shook her head and
moaned as the girls started to arouse her again. 

The same thing happened to Shirley`s mouth,then they were made to lay on the
floor and kiss and lick each others face and for a bit of extra fun the girls
were made to rub there cunts together as the men pinched their bottoms and
tickled up between their legs."A" said"I,m ready for my bit of fun,come on girls
let`s go back to your room I,v got a nice surprise for you.The other two watched
as he dragged the girls out,"B" said,"I don`t know about you but I,m hard again
after that little show,"C" looked at the hanging Pat,"Let`s have some of Mum,you
want back or front,"B"said "I,ll take front and I bet it`s still nice and
sloppy,"they went to Pat,"Hello Mummy fancy a bit of cock now you have had your
cunt reamed out by your cunt happy daughters,there a bit busy now so you will
have to have cock but we will try and make it fun".

She shook her head as she felt both men close in on her with hardly enough
strength to stand let alone have two men fuck her she tried so hard to plead
through the gag but to no avail,They closed in "C" held her ass checks apart and
started to push in,"B" told her to relax it was going in so just take it,she did
and it did."B" had no problem pushing into the wet cunt and both of them fucked
her as she stood there,they played with her clit and mauled her tit`s as they
rammed into her deliberately getting a rhythm as one pushed in the other was
coming out until they both wanted to fill her then they just rammed and rammed
till they came.

"C" said he wanted to see what"A" was doing or who,"B" said he would stay and
keep Mummy company."B" took Pat down and let her fall at his feet,then he took
off the blindfold and gag,he washed the mess of her face and got her a drink,she
asked about her babie`s,"Your little girls are having a great time my friends
are fucking their pretty little ass`s we have already fucked their cunt`s and
they have sucked us,they will be sore so we are going to let you kiss them
better,you are going to repay the favour and suck both their cunts and I want a
front row seat. He was amazed at how beautiful she still looked if it wasn`t for
the small ladder in one of her stockings she looked as good as the first time
Alan had tied her and she still looked as desirable as she had the first time
her saw her in fact the red strips on her bottom was the one blemish on her
perfect naked body and he had to have some more.

"A"  had taken the girls back to their room still with their arms folded and
tied, he ordered Shirley to lay on the top half of the bed and spread her legs
as her sister was going to give her the same treatment as she had her Mother.He
got some pillows off the other bed and piled them up for Betty to lay face down
over,so she could suck her sisters cunt and have her beautiful young ass exposed
to his perverted pleasure,he stood behind her,"Betty stick you face in her cunt
and keep it there," as he started to push his cream covered cock up her virgin
ass.The poor girl struggled in his grip,screamed and cried but bit by bit his
rampant cock slide in to her and he didn`t stop until it was all in and then he
fucked her as mercilessly as he could and any time she was not sucking at her
sister he would shove her head down in-between the legs and slap her bottom with
his other he had total power over her and he enjoyed ever minute of it,his final
humiliation was promising the terrified Shirley that after she had licked his
cock clean it was going to happen to her next.Betty`s abuse was not going to end
ether as "C" stood there watching "A" fuck her gorgeous ass he was stroking his
cock knowing he was going to fuck her ass next.

"B" had Pat laid on the bed playing with her tit`s and stroking her cunt making
her keep her legs open while he tickled up between them he was making her kiss
and tongue him,enjoying snogging with the beautifull woman telling her that her
husband should fuck her more as thats why she was given a body like this, it was
to give pleasure to men and her next job was to give his cock more pleasure than
it had ever had before.He made her sit on the bed and kiss and lick all over his
cock running her tongue under it from bottom to top then lick and kiss his
balls,tickling up between his legs between his balls and thigh,then to suck it
slowly all the way down her throat and then slowly back keeping the end in her
mouth while she tickled the end with her tongue.As she did this something behind
him cought her eye it was a blue uniform,her heart jumped as she worked hard to
keep him occupied.With a visious jerk the cock pulled out of her mouth and arms
pulled him to the floor as this was happening she could hear fighting in the
other room untill all went quite and then the door opened and as she was being
untied and a blanket covering her the other two were brought in wearing
hand-cuffs.Soon the two girl were reunited with their mother though very subdued
and obviously in pain they all hugged each other,Pat asked the police officer in
charge how they found them?

It had been Alan,he had climbed out of the window and run two miles to alert the
police,she looked at Alan,he looked at her,"They said they were going to kill us
when they had finished playing with the three women,"the police officer
said,"That`s what they were in for rape and murder you were lucky the boy got
out".Pat knew then he had saved their lives and the fact he had fucked her would
have to be forgotten she just hoped he wouldn`t tell anyone as she wouldn`t and
if any-one found out that she`d kept quite she knew her husband and his family,
she would loose everything.She looked at the three men as they were being taken
away,"You"A" or what ever your name is why,why did you do things to my girls
when you had me,you abused me by doing every filthy thing a man could do to a
woman yet I promised to do anything if you left them alone,why.All three looked
at her and the one she knew as "B" said,"I,d like to say sorry but really THAT'S
WHAT LITTLE GIRLS ARE FOR".

                                                                PAGAN.

                WATCH OUT FOR THE SEQUAL       "WHAT LITTLE BOYS CUM 4"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





