BDSM Library - Big-Tits




Big-Tits
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about a lady who works for a video distributor. While working late one night these men break into steal videos and equipment. One of her tasks is viewing the films, including the porn films, and that is what she's doing when they find her still there. They tie her up and then begin molesting her and finally rape her before they leave.
                                BIG TITS

                   Captured, bound and played with...


I work for a video cassette production firm.  We have distribution
rights for various films ranging from instructional cooking classes to
X-rated sex tapes.  I'm one of the few women in the company with a
management position.  I'm the only woman with an office actually in
the warehouse.  I'm in charge of billing and quality control.  I spend
most of the day taking care of all the paperwork.  The last two or so
hours each day, I QC videos.  From each batch of titles produced that
day in the warehouse, I pick a sample cassette, pop it in a player and
check its video and audio recording quality before they can be
packaged and shipped.

It's early November, and filling back-ordered Christmas items is a
priority during these long, hectic, exhausting days.  I have to stay
extra late tonight to catch up on reviewing tapes from low priority,
non-Christmas batches.  It's past 10:30 in the evening. The last
employee left two hours ago.  I've been watching videos for three
hours now, and just finished reviewing a high school video on the U.S
economy.  Boy, was it boring.  I commit to review one more film before
calling it a night.

The next video is a sex tape.  At last, something that won't put me to
sleep.  I pop it in the player and start my review.  It's a typical
hard-core video showing a big breasted woman, hopping out of her
clothes to eagerly stroke and suck various cocks before they start
pounding away at her pussy and ass.  I must be getting tired, because
I find myself not checking the video's reproduction quality, but
focusing on the action instead.

The woman is on her back, and the guy is straddling her chest.  His
big, erect cock rests between her ample breasts.  She pushes her boobs
together, and he starts to tit fuck her.  I think about my
ex-boyfriend.  He used to like to tit fuck me, too.  We broke up over
two months ago, and from time to time I miss him a little.  I miss our
love-making sessions.

It seems like I'll never have a long-term relationship.  None of my
boyfriends have lasted more than two years.  Most of them last only a
few months.  I'm not ugly or anything.  I guess my face is about
average, but it's not my face that attracts them.  Every guy who's
been interested in me was interested in my tits first.  All my
boyfriends loved to play with my boobs.  For a long time I was
frustrated because more time was spent on my breasts than on the rest
of me.  Once I finally accepted the fact that my lovers were all tit
men, I learned to enjoy more of what action I got.  Over time, my
breasts have become very sensitive to the attention they get.  In
fact, now I don't even enjoy sex unless my tits are involved a lot.

I rub my hand between my breasts, pretending my ex-boyfriend's cock is
rubbing against me.  I loved the feel of his cock against my tit
flesh.  He would rub his cock over my large, sensitive nipples and
watch my teats swell and grow.  I would push my breasts together and
as he slid his cock between them, I'd squeeze my tits and pinch my
nipples.  I always get very aroused when my breasts are stroked,
fondled and sucked.  Getting tit-fucked was something both he and I
could enjoy.

I'm proud of my breasts;  they're tight and round, even if they are
slightly big.  Being 5'6", thirty-two years old and in great shape, my
39D chest is always getting more than its share of attention.  I
almost always wear 3" or 4" heels to make me look taller and less top
heavy.  While I'm a trim 126 pounds, the heels also highlight my firm
behind.  My breasts, however, seem to be the first thing both men and
women notice about me.  When I was younger, I got embarrassed at the
looks I got from others, but as I've gotten older I've gotten to like
all the attention I get, or should I say all the attention my tits
get.

The firmness of my breasts is envied by most of the other women, and I
can always get a rise out of the men in the warehouse.  The guys
always seem to have a reason to come into my office, hover over me and
peer down at the slightest cleavage I may show.  I often wear sweaters
buttoned almost all the way up to discourage them.  One drawback to
sweaters, though, is that when I leave my office to walk through the
warehouse, I notice the guys stopping their work to watch as my
breasts bounce beneath my thin, form-fitting sweaters.  It's
embarrassing at times, because I can't stop them from bouncing.
Sometimes, though, their stares turn me on and make me feel sexy. When
I'm in my office, I can look up from my desk and usually see two or
three of them staring at me through the glass wall.

The man in the tape is poking her tits faster and faster.  I put my
hands on the sides of my own breasts and push them together.  I rub
them up and down, against each other and imagine they're massaging my
boyfriend's cock.  My index fingers slide over my nubs, rubbing and
pressing in on them.  The man and woman in the video are 69'ing now.
His cock glistens as it slides between her lips.  She moans as he
works her pussy with his tongue.  I'm breathing heavy from all this
action.  I pull up the front of my skirt and stick two fingers inside
my panties.  I feel a warmness and sexual excitement building within
me.  My knees pull apart, and my fingers rub my clit.

Unexpectedly, I hear a noise.  It sounds like something heavy fell in
the warehouse.  I freeze, hold my breath and listen.  But I don't hear
anything else.  I pull down my skirt and pause the tape.  I better
check it out.  In hectic days like these, sometimes they forget to
turn off all the equipment in the back.  I leave my office and walk
through the warehouse, looking for the cause of the noise.  As I round
the corner near the loading dock, I am startled to see some men in the
back rummaging among the boxes.

Before I can react, one of them spies me and says, "Yeah, who's that?"
In a second, they're all looking my way, and one of them says, "Get
her!"  They rush toward me, and I turn to run back to my office.  For
once, I wish I wasn't wearing high heels.  I hope I can get to the
phone and call 911.  Before I get there though, one of them catches me
by the arm.

My arms are brought roughly together behind my back.  My knees buckle,
and I hang briefly in the stranger's grasp.  I begin to struggle when
he places his hand over my mouth.  He presses me against the
cinderblock wall and whispers in my ear, "Keep quiet!  Settle down!" I
twist away from the wall, but he pushes me back.  I hear the sound of
my sweater snagging on the rough wall as my breasts rub against it. He
is too strong for me to break free.  I stop struggling as I know I
have no chance against him now.  I'm firmly captured.

He lowers his hand from my mouth slightly.  I begin to breath heavily,
and I feel my heart pounding.  He moves me away from the wall.  I'm
spun around, and my arms are handed to someone else and again pulled
tightly behind me.  I let out a small squeal in surprise.  The first
one who held me, maybe the Leader of the gang, says, "I said be
quiet!" In the dim light of the warehouse I see a group of at least
six men facing me.  He asks, "Is anyone else here?"

I try again to squirm free from whomever is holding my arms.  I say,
"Leave me alone...  let me go..."  The Leader grabs my chin with one
hand, looks into my eyes and repeats, "Is anyone else here?"  I stop
struggling and shrug my shoulders in reply.  Still looking into my
eyes, the Leader says, "Bill...  Ben...  go check out the rest of the
building.  Be careful, and check everywhere." I know they'll find no
one else in the building.  I am alone and afraid of what might happen
next.

The Leader moves close to my held face and says, "Don't worry.  We
won't hurt you.  We just want to take care of some business.  You've
got some recorders and stuff we'd like to borrow.  Just be quiet, and
you won't be hurt.  We'll be outta here in no time, okay?"  He lets go
of my chin, and the back of his hand unintentionally brushes against
my left breast.

He looks me all over.  He steps up to me and softly says, "Don't
worry...  we won't hurt you...  just be quiet and be our friend...  we
treat our friends fine...  we take care of our friends..."  His hand
rests below my right tit.  He bounces it in his palm as if to feel its
weight.  He says, "We treat all our friends fine...  I know you'll be
our friend."  His hand moves over to my other breast, and he squeezes
it softly.  He says softly in my ear, "You got big tits, baby..."

The Leader steps back from me and says to a young looking boy, "Go
find some tape or rope."  He orders the others to start grabbing the
equipment and get it loaded into their truck.  He takes my arms from
the other man, pulling my elbows together and making my chest stick
out further.  There's a flurry of activity as the other men move among
the shelves in the warehouse grabbing equipment and tapes.  Bill and
Ben return and report the building is empty.  The Leader smiles and
orders them to join in the loading.

The Young One returns with a roll of our packing tape.  The Leader
tells the Young One to hold me.  I hear the tape rip as it's pulled
from the roll, then I feel it on my wrists.  He wraps the tape several
times around my hands and wrists.  I try to pull loose, but can not
struggle free.  The Leader tears the tape and presses it firmly in
place.  He says to the Young One, "Take her in there", motioning
toward my office.  "...and keep an eye on her.  After all, she's a
friend of ours."  He moves back in front of me.  His fingers stroke
along the bottoms of my breasts.  He bounces my boobs up and down
again.  I try to pull away from his touch.  He says, "Now be quiet.
We'll be out of here soon."

The Leader goes to check on the loading, and the Young One takes me
into my office.  He pushes me into a chair and nervously looks around
the office.  He sees the monitor still paused at the 69 sex scene.  He
works the player's controls, and the action resumes.  The woman is
leaning over the man's cock.  Working it with her hands and mouth. Her
large breasts dangle and bob over the man's chest.  He reaches up to
squeeze and rub them.  The Young One looks at me and smiles.  "Is this
what you were doing?  Watching them fuck?  You like this stuff? I
didn't think women watched this stuff."  He turns up the volume to
hear the sounds of her slurping.

He rummages around the office, looking in drawers and boxes.  Finding
nothing, he looks at me.  He says, "You're pretty,too.  I've never had
anyone as old as you...   ...especially like this, all tied up and
watching people fuck..."  He reaches down and touches the tip of my
left breast.  I tense up and instinctively pull back from his touch.
He pulls his hand back and gives a nervous chuckle.

He looks out into the warehouse and watches the activity for a while.
He comes back over to me looking nervous.  On the video, the woman is
being fucked doggie style.  They show a close-up of the man's cock
driving in and out of her pussy.  The shock of his body slamming
against her bottom makes her breasts flop all over.  She reaches for
one of her fleshy tits, squeezes it, pulls it to her mouth and licks
her nipple.

The Young One looks at me, grins and says, "Can you suck your own
titties too?...  They look big enough...  I'm not gonna hurt you...  I
just wanna feel your tits some..."  He reaches down for my breasts.  I
try to turn away, but can not move much in the chair.  I lean forward,
trying to evade his touch, but I can not stop him from touching me. He
pushes my shoulders up against the back of the chair.  With one hand
holding up my right shoulder, his other hand moves to my left breast.
I can not turn away.  I stop struggling and lean back in the chair.  I
will endure his boyish groping.

He stops holding me up in the chair.  He softly squeezes on my left
breast and slides his other hand gently up and down the slope of my
other breast.  I look up to see him still grinning.  He says, "This is
nice, huh...  you like this?...  does this feel good to you?...  feels
good to me...  these are nice tits...  you've got some nice, big tits,
lady...  I bet your tits are as big as hers...  I ain't never seen any
like these before..."

With both my hands securely taped behind me, he easily takes advantage
of my well-presented breasts.  He plucks at the tips of my breasts.  I
squirm in the chair and try twisting myself away.  He moves closer and
straddles my legs.  He again pins my shoulder to the back of the
chair.  My eyes move up to catch the sight a bulge in his pants.  I
think it's growing bigger right before my eyes.

He, however, is preoccupied with my breasts.  He presses them in and
rubs them up and down.  His fingers play with the tip of my left
breast.  A hint of my nipple becomes visible, and he flicks at it with
his finger.  He softly presses my nub between his thumb and finger. He
rolls my teat around and gently rubs my other breast.  I feel my
breasts beginning to swell with all this attention.  Soon neither my
bra or sweater can hide my growing nipples.  The more he rubs them,
the more noticeable they become.

I move my head away from him and look toward the door.  There is the
Leader standing silently in the door, for how long I don't know...  he
is watching as the Young One fondles me.  After some more time passes
he says, "You having fun?"  The Young One steps back and stammers,
"I... I was just feeling her tits...  We were watching this tape here,
and I just wanted to grab some tits too...  You know... anyway, I
ain't never touched tits this big before..."

The Leader walks over to us.  I look down to see both of my aroused
teats clearly poking through my sweater.  The Young One says, "She's
got the biggest pair of tits I've ever seen..." The Leader places his
hand on my left breast and rubs its tip slowly up and down with his
fingers.  "Yeah...  I see what you mean.", he says.  The Leader looks
over at the monitor.  The woman is with two other men now.  She's on
her hands and knees, and her fleshy breasts hang down to her elbows.
One man fucks her doggie style and grabs at her tits, while she sucks
the other man's cock.  The Leader puts the tip of his finger on my
sensitive nub and pushes it around.  The office is quiet, except for
the sounds made by the woman in the video.

The guy she is sucking pulls out of her mouth and strokes his cock
wildly, holding it in front of her face.  His cum shoots out, landing
on her lips and chin.  He moves his cock to her lips and milks it
while she licks it clean.  Her hand moves up to wipe his cum off her
face, then she spreads it over her breast.  I twist to the side to
move my nipple away from the Leader's finger.  He looks down at me and
says, "Is your nipple getting tired...?  Maybe we should let it rest a
bit..."  His hand moves to my other breast and gives it a couple of
squeezes.  "I can use your other tit for a while..." he says, as he
rubs the tip of my breast.

His fingers excite my nipple and make my nub swell until it stands out
from my breast.  He rolls my teat between his thumb and finger, and
says, "Now I've got something to hold on to...  you got nice nipples,
baby..."  He smiles and looks back at the monitor.  The guy fucking
the woman is picking up the pace.  His neck muscles begin to tighten.
The woman squeezes her tit and pulls on its nipple.  The Leader
pinches my nipple each time the woman pinches hers.  Her eyes are
closed, and her loud moans match the rhythm of the man's thrusts.  She
lets go of her tit and grabs the bed sheet.  Her big, dangling breasts
flop wildly about.  He pulls out his cock and masturbates to climax,
shooting cum on her butt.

The Leader moves over to the player and turns it off.  He says, "Yeah,
I can see how watching that can work up an appetite..." He looks over
to where I sit and approaches.  He presses up on my left boob and rubs
it in a circle.  His thumb and finger find my softening nub, and he
pulls on it through my clothes.  He looks to the Young One and says,
"You're right...  this does feel good...  she's got some nice feeling
tits, doesn't she...  these are just made for grabbing, aren't
they..." He looks back to me and says, "I wonder how much they'd sag
without a bra on...."  The Young One's eyes open wide, and he licks
his lower lip.

The Leader's hand moves to my chin, and he raises my head to look in
my eyes.  He says, "She's even pretty, too, huh?  Nice body, nice
face...  this is too good to pass up, eh?  The guys should have a
chance to see this too, you know...  go get one of those video
cameras...  we can at least show the guys later what they missed..."
The Young One giggles and rushes out to the warehouse.  The Leader
says, "Tits like this don't come along very often..."  His other hand
cups my right breast, giving it a firm squeeze.

I say, "Stop...  stop touching my breasts..."  The Leader looks toward
the returning Young One and says, "Hey, I'm not touching your
breasts... no...  I'm grabbing your tits!  That's what I'm doing..."
His hands cover my breasts and he clenches them tightly.  He says,
"Just feeling you up a little, that's all, baby...  anybody with tits
like these ought to be use to having them grabbed...  I know I'm not
the first one to touch these puppies, am I...  tits like these need
attention...  I bet your titties get squeezed and sucked a lot, don't
they, baby...", and he slaps at the bottom of my boobs a few times. He
looks in my eyes and says, "I can tell you'll want to be good to
us...  you'll want to be our friend...  you'll be a good girl... won't
you, baby?"

The Young One returns with a camera, lights and three cassettes.  The
Leader laughs and says, "I don't think we'll be here long enough to
use all of those...  You know how to run that?"  The Young One says,
"Oh yeah...  they're all alike..."  He loads the camera and plugs in
the light.  The Leader pulls me up from the chair, spins me around and
backs me up to the desk.  He says, "Get over there, and we'll get a
shot of her 'BEFORE'...  and remember, don't take any pictures of our
faces...  just shoot her..."

The Young One turns on the light, starts filming me.  The Leader says,
"Okay guys...  this is what you were missing while you were loading
the trucks..."  He reaches for my arm and positions me so the Young
One can take a profile shot.  The Leader says, "See how big her tits
are..."  He motions the Young One to get a close shot of my side,
focusing on my breast.  The Leader says to the Young One, "Let's show
the guys how her tits feel..."  I say, "No...  leave me alone..."  The
Leader says, "What?  and deprive my men?"

He tells the Young One to stop for a minute.  He grabs me by the waist
and lifts me onto the edge of my desk.  He yanks the bottom of my
sweater up.  I feel cool air against my belly.  "Let's see what old
Big Tits has got up there..." His hand goes underneath my sweater.
The material hugs against his hand.  I see the outline of his hand as
it moves upward.

His hand is cold, as it moves up over my belly and covers the bra cup
holding my left tit.  As he squeezes me, he looks into my eyes, smiles
and tells the Young One to get a close shot of my sweater.  When the
camera starts, he moves his hand from one tit to the other.  I feel
the coolness of his fingers as they rub over my nipples through the
thin fabric of my bra.  His fingers move up and glide along my upper
chest.  The silence is broken as I gasp for breath at his touch.  They
both grunt in amusement at my response.

His hand lightly moves down, and his fingers trace the top edge of my
bra.  He moves along the top of one cup, then the other.  He moves his
hand down from the lacy top of my bra and over the smooth fabric of my
bra cup.  He locates my nipple.  He stretches his fingers wide until
he rubs both my nipples at the same time.  As my nipples are moved
back and forth, my breasts get warmer and warmer.  I am angry at
myself because I can't fight back a growing arousal within me.

I notice I'm breathing heavier and heavier.  I try to control my
breathing, but finally openly gasp for air.  He doesn't seem to
notice.  He is concentrating his attention on my nipples.  His fingers
press in on my teats, and he pops them in and out of my now heaving
breasts.  I can feel my nipples tingle, in spite of the revulsion I
feel.  He says, "You've got nice nipples, Big Tits..." He stops and
slides his fingers to the front of my bra.  His hand pauses between my
boobs, and his fingers move up and down my cleavage as he strokes the
insides of my breasts.  His fingers move down to rest on the front
clasp of my bra. I feel his fingers probe around it.  He begins to
unclasp it, but pauses.

Reality begins to come back to me.  Here is a stranger with his hand
up my sweater, fondling me and now about to undress me.  He'll
probably unhook my bra, then rip open my sweater to expose my breasts.
I will not be able to hide my nakedness from him or the Young One.
They will take with them a video of my naked tits to watch over and
over.  How many men will see this?  I can't protect my breasts from
their touch.  I know I can't stop him from opening my bra.  I pull at
my taped wrists and move my shoulders from side to side.  I look up to
plead for him to stop.  I'm afraid of what they might do next...  of
what might happen next.

His eyes stare into mine.  I want all this to stop.  I just want him
to go away.  I want them all to go away.  I just want this to end.  I
don't want to make this last any longer.  He grins as I squirm around
on the desk.  I decide to stop resisting to see if my lack of any
reaction will make him leave me alone.  Maybe he only wants to tease
me, and if I stop then he'll stop.

His grin changes to a smile as he sees me relax.  I am somewhat
relieved as his fingers move from my bra clasp.  He curls a finger
under the top lace of my bra, sticking it inside my bra cup.  Two of
his fingers locate my growing teat nestled just below the top lace of
my bra.  His fingers move up and down on either side of it.  I feel
chills shooting from my bud, through my breast and up my back.  He
says, "You've got some healthy nipples on your big titties, don't you,
baby..." He flicks it back and forth with one finger rapidly, and I
hear three short gasps escape from my mouth.

The Leader's fingers move across my chest to straddle my other nipple.
When he touches it, I can not hold back another shudder.  I'm sure
both the Leader and the Young One see me react.  The only sound in the
room is that of my ever deepening breathing.  The Leader says,
"Yeah... this is nice...  and she likes this too...  her nipples like
this...  see how they stick out?...  she's really enjoying this...
aren't you, baby...  you'll like being our friend...  like I said, we
always treat our friends good, baby..."

As he pulls his fingers out of my bra, he yanks up on my nipple.  The
material of my bra presses the hardening tip of my nipple up, pinning
it against the sensitive flesh surrounding it.  He pulls his hand out
from under my sweater, steps back and says to the Young One, "She'll
be your friend, too...  I think you're old enough to handle something
like this...  come over here, give me the camera and grab a handful of
some real tit..."

The Young One laughs nervously, says, "All right!", and approaches the
desk.  The Leader takes a close shot of my face and says, "Smile,
baby...  you're gonna be a star..."  He moves back to get my chest
into the picture too, and the Young One puts both his hands under my
sweater, pushing it up my chest, bunching it up beneath my bra.  His
hands, too, are cold.  They move up over the bottom of my bra.  His
fondling is more aggressive than before as he roughly paws at my bra.

As he rubs and squeezes me, he looks up at me and says, "Do you like
this?...  does this feel good?...  I'll tell you, this sure feels good
to me...  you got some big titties, don't you lady...  I ain't never
had titties like these before...  this is real good, isn't it..."  I
shiver slightly when he rubs my nipples.  I am breathing deeply again;
his immature roughness excites me.  He moves his hands to the outside
of my bra, squeezes my breasts together and moves them up and down.
The Leader says, "Look at them tits...  rub 'em...  squeeze 'em...
squeeze 'em hard..." The Young One follows his que and squeezes my
breasts over and over.

His fondling is against my will, but my breasts warm with pleasure
while he mauls them.  I can not stop my arousal.  I afraid I might
even orgasm from his stimulation.  I don't want this to continue, but
I feel an electricity beginning to travel through my breasts.  I raise
my head and see the Leader has stopped filming and is watching my
reaction.  He smiles, nods slightly and says, "You know...  I think
it's time we really see what she's packing...  I wanna see your tits,
baby..."  He approaches me and hands the Young One the camera.

The Leader pulls my sweater back down.  His fingers play with the top
button of my sweater.  He moves down to the next one.  It rests in the
gap between my breasts, and my sweater holds it away from my chest. He
presses the button in, pulling the material of my sweater tight across
my chest.  He now can see just how big my tits are.  He smiles,
releases the button and pushes it in again.  His fingers move down to
the next button, below my breasts and says, "Three..." He touches each
of the other buttons, counting all six of them.

He tells the Young One to start filming again.  He goes to the bottom
button of my sweater and undoes it.  He looks into my eyes as his
fingers move to the next button above it.  I over look at the Young
One;  the camera is fixed on the action, catching each button being
opened.  When the button just below my breasts is opened, my sweater
springs open slightly, baring some of my belly.  He moves to the
second button from the top, the one suspended between my tits.  He
pops it open, and my sweater snaps apart, but it catches along the
insides of my breasts and clings to them.  The bottom of my sweater
pulls open more than before, exposing most of my belly.  The front
clasp of my bra is visible.  The Leader flicks at it with his finger.
Finally, the top button is undone.  The Leader says to the Young One,
"Get ready for the unveiling!...  Here come the boobs..."

He grasps each half of my sweater.  He pulls it away from me, then
opens it slowly, pausing for a moment once the black lace of my bra is
exposed. My bra has underwire support to hold my large breasts high
and push them together.  Even so, my full bra cups droop and cover the
bra's bottom strap.  My bra's shoulder straps are taut, as they strain
to support their load.  I'm wearing a half-cut style bra which covers
only the bottom portion of my breasts.  A sliver of my dark, brown
nipple flesh peeks over the lacy bra cup.  The bra makes my breasts
look like they're barely contained and ready to pop free.

The Leader says, "Wow...  better than I thought..."  His eyes are
feasting on the revealed breast flesh.  He sticks a finger in the deep
cleavage my bra creates as it pulls my breasts together.  He wiggles
his finger between my tits and says, "These are packed in there pretty
tight, aren't they, baby...  they probably don't like being held so
tight...  maybe we should let 'em breath a bit, eh?"  With his finger
still buried in my cleavage, he taps the inside of my right breast to
make it jiggle.  He seems to enjoy the sight of my moving breast
flesh.  He says, "Are you getting a good shot of her wiggly tits?" The
Young One says, "You bet!  This looks real good..."

He pulls his finger out and glides the back of his hand over my upper
chest.  Only his fingernails touch my skin as he strokes up to my
neck, then down to the top of my bra cups.  My nipples are not far
below the lacy top of the cups, and when he touches the exposed nipple
flesh, I begin to visibly shake.

He says, "Do you think your tits would like some air?"  "No...", I beg
pitifully, "stop it...  don't..."  He lightly strokes my lacy bra cups
and continues to say, "I bet you let them free as soon as you get home
each night, don't you, baby...  you probably can't get home fast
enough to take this thing off, can you, Big Tits...  you probably like
it without a bra on...  you like it when your tits are free and bounce
around, don't you..."

I drop my eyes, embarrassed to know that what he's saying is really
true.  His language is offensive to me;  no one has said such things
to me.  I feel vulnerable knowing he is discovering my private
feelings.  I'm scared that he may discover too much.  He moves his
fingers down to the tip of my left breast.  His two fingers act like a
pair of scissors as he gently clips away at my nipple under the thin,
lacy material.  I feel a little bit of pleasure growing in my breast.

He softly says, "I bet you like it when your tits rub against your
clothes, don't you...  it must feel real good when your tits bounce up
and down a little bit, just enough for your clothes to drag over your
nipples once in a while...  you like the feeling of something brushing
against your nipples, don't you, baby..."  His fingers move to my
other breast, and he gives it the same scissor treatment.  The sense
of pleasure he creates on my nipple grows a bit quicker this time, and
the tingling in my other breast subsides.

He says, "You like this, don't you, Big Tits...  you like me playing
with your titties, don't you...  you know what else...  I bet you like
to walk around outside without a bra on, don't you, baby...  walking
makes your big tits bounce a lot, doesn't it...  I'll bet you like to
walk around outside in a tee shirt...  just tight enough to hug a bit,
but not quite tight enough to make you look like a slut, huh, baby...
your nipples get a lot of rubbing when you walk around like that,
don't they...  it feels good...  they get hard, don't they..."

He places his hands on the outsides of my breasts and rests his thumbs
on my teats.  He gently moves them up and down, and side to side.  The
more he manipulates them, the harder it is for me to ignore the
growing sense of excitement.  His gaze is fixed upon the pointy tips
of my breasts as they bulge against my bra cup.  The Young One moves
down to get a straight-on shot of breasts.  The Leader's forefinger
moves to press the bulge on my right breast against his thumb.  He
gently squeezes me.  Without looking up, he says, "You get excited
knowing any man you meet can look at your big tits as you strut
around...  you probably smile when you catch one of them looking a bit
longer...  staring at your nipples...  sticking out like this...  I
bet guys just go crazy over your tits...  and you like that, don't
you..."

He pats the bottoms of my breasts, and my tit flesh quivers for him
and the camera.  The palm of his hand slides over my bra cups, from
the tip of one breast to the other.  He softly squeezes each breast,
before sliding over to the other one.  The excitement in my breasts
diminishes.  His fondling seems to excite only him.  He says, "I bet a
lot of men look at your bouncing tits and think about grabbing and
squeezing them...  or sucking them...  or maybe wrapping them around
their dick...  and you know that's what they're thinking, don't you,
baby..."

"But you like it when men look at your big titties, don't you...  the
more they stare, the more excited you get..."  His fingers return to
my nipples.  He pinches them again and again, gently at first then
more firmly.  He's bringing that pleasurable feeling back to my
breasts.  He says, "The more excited you get, the harder your nipples
get..."  His thumbs press down on my nubs and rub them in circles. The
sensation in my breasts rises quickly.  "...they probably get real
hard, don't they, Big Tits..."  His talk makes me feel timid, but his
touch makes me feel aroused.  I see the tips of my nipples clearly
showing through the sheer material of my bra.  I look up at him as he
toys with my nipples, and he smiles with satisfaction.  The camera
continues to capture it all.

I look down and see the tops of my breasts quivering as I breathe.  He
pushes the sides of my boobs together.  My tit flesh wells up in my
bra.  I think they're going to pop out in any second.  He lets go, and
my boobs bounce back.  The camera is glued to the jiggling tops of my
breasts as I breath heavier and heavier.  My mouth opens as I gasp for
more air.  While I am frightened by the way things are going, I
continue to feel more aroused.  I know now for certain that he won't
stop until he takes off my bra.  He wants to see my tits.  He wants to
touch my nipples.  They're filming me so others will be able to see my
naked tits and watch them being fondled.  With my arms bound behind
me, I won't be able to stop him.

He tells the Young One to move closer to me saying, "Zoom in on this
tit...  fill the whole picture with this tit..."  When the Young One
starts the camera, the Leader slips his index finger between my left
breast and my bra.  He curls it around the tip of my breast and pulls
it out of the bra cup.  I feel the coolness of the air striking my
breast.  I watch as he pulls the cup of my bra down slightly, exposing
some of the nipple surrounding my swollen teat.  It sticks out a good
half inch.  The lacy fabric digs into my tit flesh.  My bra is
tighter, now.  It's pulling up on my breast, forcing my tit to bulge
more.

The Young One says, "Oh, wow...  this is good...  look at that nipple
stick out like that...  boy, oh, boy...  this is good..." The Leader
says, "Pull back a little and we'll do her other tit..."  He pushes
the bottom of my other breast up and peels the bra cup down to display
its tip.  Its puckered nipple is not as firm as my other one.  The
Leader says, "I better even her up a bit, eh..."  He pinches my just
bared right nipple several times.  "We wanna make sure she's looking
her best for the camera, don't we..."  The Young One giggles a bit,
and the Leader pulls and twists my nipple while he rubs my other one
back and forth.

"There you go...", says the Leader as he releases me, "...get a good
shot of this matching set now..."  My teats are the size of buttons.
His hands squeeze the bottom of my breasts, and my tit flesh bulges
even more.  He watches in fascination and says, "Nice...  very nice,
Big Tits...  you're a big girl, aren't you, baby..."  He slowly
squeezes my tits, over and over.  He says, "I like big tits...  these
are real good..." I can tell he is determined to have more fun with my
breasts.  I don't know when he'll stop, but it doesn't seem to be
soon.

His hands move underneath the edges of my sweater and slide up near my
neck.  His hands move slowly toward my shoulders, pushing my sweater
aside.  It is now fully open. I feel the cool air as my sweater slides
off my shoulders.  His hands then slide slowly down my arms, dragging
my sweater down until it stops at my taped wrists.  He steps back a
little and tells the Young One to pull back and get all of me in the
picture.  The Leader says, "Hey, Big Tits...  look at us...  let's see
that pretty face...  you look real nice sitting there, baby..." They
both smile and admire the view of my breasts with my pointy nipples
peeking over the top of my turned-down bra cups.

For the first time I notice several of the other men are standing at
my office's glass wall and peering in.  Their eyes are fixed on me.
The Leader turns and sees the men I saw.  He approaches me, stands to
the side and pats the bottoms of my breasts.  My tit flesh wiggles,
and the men roar their approval.  The Leader shouts to them, "Get back
to work...  we're making a movie for you for later...  in case you
don't get a chance to see the real thing..."  Oh, no...  does that
mean the men might be fondling my breasts too before this ordeal is
over?

The Young One giggles, and the Leader's hands move back up to my bra's
front clasp.  His fingers begin to open it, then he looks in my eyes
and says, "Did you see your nipple, baby...  it's getting hard...  it
seems to like this, doesn't it, Big Tits...  and I can tell you're
liking this a bit, too, aren't you...  you're probably gonna like this
more than we are..."  He tells the Young One to get another close-up
of my chest.  With a quick flick, he unfastens the clasp.  My bra
releases its captives.  I feel my heavy breasts drop free.

The Leader says, "Let's take a look at these big tits..."  His hand
slides under one end of the loose bra and moves the left cup aside. He
pauses when his palm reaches the bottom of my boob.  He opens his
hand, cups my tit and gives it a couple of squeezes.  He continues to
move the bra cup aside until my breast until it is fully exposed.  I
look down and see my fat, pink teat sticking out from my now naked
tit.  My swollen nipple covers the tip of my breast.  His finger
traces along the outside of my big nipple, sending chills up my back.
I can see my nub getting bigger.  He says, "You must like this, Big
Tits...  your nipple is getting harder and harder..."

Sitting on the desk makes my now bare breast almost level with his
mouth.  I can't cover myself.  I lower my head and close my eyes, not
wanting to see their leers and try to suppress my arousal.  I feel a
sharp sensation, and my eyes snap open to see the Leader pulling on my
nub with his large strong hand.  His fingers pinch the sides of my
swelling nipple.  It's pulled hard.  I moan as he pulls it out as far
as he can before releasing it.  He pulls it out again and again.  My
naked breast flesh quivers each time my tit is released.

He rubs the hard nub and softly says, "Oh yeah...  hey, check this
out...  she's really liking this...  get a good shot of this tit..."
He releases my nipple and rubs his hand up and down, over my firm tit
flesh.  He says, "This puppy is big, isn't it...  and it doesn't sag
much either...  it's just sticking right out there, begging for more
attention...  you must be packing 38's, huh baby...  or maybe even
bigger, huh...  you got a great set of jugs, don't you, Big Tits...
and see...  you got a happy nipple too..."

He rubs my breast up and down faster.  The camera records the mauling.
I feel a pleasurable rush as my taut nub is bent up and down against
his sliding palm.  He says, "You like this, don't you baby...  you
kinda like it rough, don't you, baby...  yeah...  you know what, Big
Tits?...  you're lucky...  cause I like to be rough...  my rough will
make you feel good, Big Tits...  this feels real good, doesn't it,
baby..."

He rolls the tip of my nipple between his thumb and finger, then he
pinches it softly over and over.  He says, "You like having your
nipples pinched, don't you, baby...  this feels good, doesn't it, Big
Tits...  you want me to keep rubbing your boobs, don't you...
squeezing on your tits...  making your nipples hard..." I try to deny
his words, but a part of me knows he speaks some truth.  I can not
deny all of the excitement I feel from this situation; being half
naked in front of strangers, having my breasts bared and fondled, my
nipples abused.  My bound wrists give him complete access.  My
inability to protect myself from his will is becoming less frightening
and a bit exciting.

I partially close my eyes as I respond more to his touch.  His other
hand moves under my other dangling bra cup.  Both his hands are on my
tit flesh now.  Again, I catch my breath with a gasp, unable to
control my arousal.  He says, "Let's not neglect the other one,
now..."  He moves the other half of my bra to the side, then pushes
the bra straps off my shoulders.  He pulls my bra down my arms until
it joins my sweater, behind my back and around my bound hands.  My
large, round tits are now in full display.  I can't stop a shiver
growing within me.  I shake a little making my tits wobble slightly. I
feel an unwanted excitement as he looks me over.  His fingers softly
stroke the undersides of my boobs.

His hands slide all over my unprotected tits.  He grasps my left teat
between his thumb and forefinger and rubs it until it hardens to his
satisfaction.  Then, he moves to my other breast and gives that nipple
the same treatment.  I squirm further onto the desk, trying to get
away from him, but he pulls me back to the desk top's edge.  I bend
forward.  His fingers finally release my aching nubs.  His hands go to
the bottom of my breasts.  He slaps them toward him with his fingers
making my boobs shudder.  I twist my shoulders back and forth trying
to evade his groping.  As I struggle, my breasts sway.

My leaning forward does not stop the Leader's advances.  He puts one
hand on my back and bends me over even more.  My breasts hang away
from my body.  He cups one of my dangling tits in the palm of his free
hand, as if he's guessing its weight.  He gently strokes the tip of my
tit with his fingertips.  He says to the Young One, "Get a good shot
of her tits hanging like this..."  The Young One crouches near me to
get a good angle on my tits.  The Leader pushes me from side to side a
bit, making my breasts swing for the camera.  He says, "Put the camera
down for a bit, and come over here...  I need you to help us out...
hold Big Tits over like this...  I need to milk these hanging jugs..."
The Young One comes over and presses down on my back.

The Leader's large hands scoop up my breasts.  I see my tit flesh
pushing out between his fingers as he squeezes me tightly.  He presses
my boobs up against my body and rubs them in wide circles.  He drops
them, and they fall back toward the floor, jiggling at their freedom.
His fingertips caress my hanging tits starting from the top and bottom
of each breast then gently stroking it down to its nipple.  After a
few strokes, my teats stiffen again.

He says, "You've got some real fine tits, baby...  I'd love to mess
with you all the time...  these titties sure need special attention...
do they get enough attention, baby?...  are they stroked like this
often enough?...  they sure seem to like it, don't they, baby...
they're so smooth...  and warm...  and big...  with nice nipples..."
He thumps the tip of my right nipple with his middle finger several
times.  After it grows bigger, he thumps on my left nipple until it,
too, responds.

He firmly rolls my nubs between his fingers and pinches them some.  I
say, "Ow-w-w...  that hurts...  o-h-h-h...  stop it..." He says, "Oh,
hush...  why are you complaining?...  you know you're loving this...
nipples never lie, baby...  and your nipples keep getting bigger and
harder...  your nipples like this...  they like to be rubbed around
and pinched a little, don't they, baby...  it feels good when your
nipples get all excited and hard, doesn't it...  you like having hard
nipples, don't you baby...  but they're not too hard yet...  but don't
worry, Big Tits, I know how to get 'em hard for you..."

He places the palms of his hands under the tips of my breasts.  He
moves his hands in slow, small circles, with my nipples resting in and
rubbing against his palms.  His hands circle faster, and my dangling
breasts begin to move in circles too.  He lowers his palms until only
the very tips of my nipples are rubbing against the rough skin of his
hands.

As he moves my breasts in ever bigger circles, they are pulled away
from each other, then smashed together.  Hearing my tits being slapped
together and the friction of my teats sliding over his palms soon has
an effect.  I feel a pressure building in my breasts.  My nipples
tingle in his palms.  My breathing becomes deeper, and my mouth opens
for air.  He says, "See that, baby...  your nipples got harder
already...  you must like this, huh, baby...  I know these big tits of
yours do...  can you feel your nipples getting harder, baby?...  they
feel hard in my hands...  and your tits are getting hot, too, baby...
I can feel 'em getting big, too...  you know what, baby...  I'm gonna
do something special for you, baby...  something special for you and
your big tits...  I'm gonna get these nipples really big for you,
baby...  and I know just how to do it, too...

I am astonished at how sensitive my boobs have become.  The only thing
I feel is an intense pleasure in my breasts.  The only thing I hear is
the slapping of my tits together.  He says, "I know just what your
titties like...  you know, too, don't you, Big Tits...  your titties
like to be rubbed;  and to be kissed; and to be sucked...  your
titties like those things, don't they, baby...  that makes your
titties feel good...  but your nipples like something else, don't
they, baby..."

"They like something a little rougher, don't they...  your nipples
like to be pinched..."  His fingers pinch my nipples hard, and I moan
loudly.  "...and pulled..."  He tugs on my nipples, pulling my breasts
down.  "...and flicked..."  He flicks a finger at each nipple, sending
chills down my back.  "...you like this, don't you, baby...  you like
this..."  He pinches and pulls and flicks my nipples for several
minutes.  My breathing becomes more labored.  The sensation is
bringing me close to the point of orgasm.

He finally releases my nipples and strokes the tips of my breasts with
his fingertips again.  He says, "You liked that, didn't you, baby..."
I stammer, "No...  it hurts...  it hurts..."  He replies, "Rough hurts
sometimes, baby...  but I know you liked it a little, too, Big Tits...
after it hurt for a little, it started to feel good, didn't it,
baby..."  He's right.  It did become a pleasurable sensation after a
while.  The stimulation was intensely arousing.  But I can never let
him know he's right.

He says, "Your nipples sure liked it rough..." Very softly he strokes
the sides of my teats.  "...the harder I pinched them, the harder they
got...  the more I pulled them, the longer they got...  the more I
flicked at them, the fatter they got...  your nipples like it rough,
isn't that right, baby...  and you liked it, too...  you like it a
little bit rough, don't you, Big Tits...  Well, baby, I'm gonna make
you and your nipples feel good..."  His palms cup the tips of my
breasts, and he starts moving them in circles again.  When my tits
start slapping against each other again, he says, "I'm gonna make your
nipples harder than they've ever been, baby...  your nipples will are
gonna love this...  and, your gonna love this, too...  check this out,
baby..."

He increases the pace.  My tits move in a quicker rhythm.  Their
slapping gets louder.  My breathing quickens, and I gasp for air.  He
moves to grasp the very tip of each nipple firmly between his thumb
and middle finger.  He drags my breasts in circles by pulling them
around by their tips.  I am filled with a mixture of pain and
pleasure.  I moan with each breath.

He says to me, "Yeah, baby...  you're enjoying this, aren't you,
baby...  and I like the sound of your tits when they slap together
like this, too...  don't you, Big Tits...  you like me pulling on your
nipples...  they're nice and hard now, baby...  but I'm not stopping
yet, baby...  they're gonna get harder...  I'm gonna make these
nipples as hard as rocks, baby...  I bet you're gonna cum from this...
don't be afraid to cum, baby...  I'm gonna make you hard...  I'm gonna
make you cum..."

He releases my aching nipples.  Almost immediately, he grabs the tips
of my swaying, sore breasts by pinching together the flesh just
outside my areolas on either side of my throbbing teats.  He pulls
them toward the floor, pulling my tits taut and away from my body.  He
shakes my boobs quickly from side to side.  I feel a stronger rush of
pleasure and pain as my nubs are pinched against the flesh of my own
areolae, imprisoned by his grip.  Continuing to shake my breasts, he
moves a finger on each hand up to the tip of each nipple and flicks at
them.  Each flick sends a shudder through me.  He stops shaking my
breasts only long enough to tug on them a few times.  He pulls them
far from my body while roughly flicking my sensitive nipples faster
and harder.  My body shakes uncontrollably at the sensation.

He releases my tortured breasts, and they spring back up.  I look at
my nipples.  They are hard and distended more than I've ever seen
them.  My breasts are pink, swollen and throbbing.  He grabs one of my
tits in each hand.  He twists them around until their tips touch each
other.  As he rubs my nipples against each other, my breasts fill with
an intense sexual pleasure.  The sensation is more than I can control.
My nipples are on fire...  My body shudders and I give out a long,
loud moan as I am overcome by a climax.  He keeps rubbing my nipples
together, and my body lets loose with a series of three or four more
climaxes.  I feel my pussy juices flow.

As my moaning subsides and I try to catch my breath, he releases my
breasts.  I look at them sway in their freedom.  He places his hand
between my breasts and lightly slaps the inside of one tit and then
the other.  He slaps them back and forth several times and says, "See,
baby...  see how big they are now...  and I made you cum, baby, didn't
I..."  He stops slapping between my tits and lightly slaps the tips of
my hanging breasts, making them bounce and jiggle.  He says, "I heard
you moan, Big Tits...  and I felt you cumming...  I knew you'd like
that, baby..."

He says to the Young One, "That ought to do her...  you can let her up
now...  get a shot of her now..."  The Young One stops pushing on my
back and readies the camera.  I am too tired to sit up.  The Leader
puts his hands on my shoulders and pushes me upright.  The Young One
says, "Wow...  look at them tits now..." I look down and see both of
my large teats are fat and erect, jutting out sharply from the
fullness of my round and reddened breasts.

He says, "You like me playing with your titties, don't you..." He puts
his hands just under my breasts and jiggles them softly back and
forth.  "She really has a set, doesn't she...", he says to the Young
One.  He pushes them up toward my chin, then lets them fall free.  The
camera catches every bounce and jiggle.  "Nice, big tits and a good
looking body to boot..."  The Leader rubs his hands up and down the
sides of my hips and up over my legs to my thighs.  Instinctively, I
try to pull my legs together, but he moves to stand between my knees.
He rubs up and down the top of my thighs, each time going closer to my
crotch.  The Young One stops filming and squeezes each of my breasts,
one at a time.  The Leader says, "Yes, sir...  a good looking body to
boot...  and we shouldn't let this go to waste either..."

His words bring me back to reality.  I look at both of them as they
leer at me.  I feel a sense of helplessness growing again; I am unable
to stop them from looking at me, unable to cover myself.  The Leader
steps back and whispers something to the Young One.  He grins, replies
"Okay", and goes into the warehouse.  The Leader approaches me again.
He looks at me and grins.  His stare becomes more and more
uncomfortable.  I lean forward slightly and lower my head to avoid eye
contact.  When he stands next to me, his hand moves to his crotch. The
outline of his cock is visible through his jeans.  He obviously has an
erection or is getting one.  His fingers nudge it to a more
comfortable position.  He moves his face down to mine and says, "Be a
good girl, now...  we're just gonna have a little fun..." The Young
One returns and says, "I told 'em."  The Leader steps back, smiles and
says, "Good..."

I am afraid of what I hear and see.  I think this ordeal is only
beginning.  Still leaning forward I say, "Leave me alone...  please
leave me alone...  I won't say anything."  The Leader says to me, "We
won't hurt you...  we're just gonna have a little fun."  He tells the
Young One, "Watch her while I see what's going on."  He leaves the
office.  I stay bent down;  I can see my breasts heave as my breathing
slows down.  The Young One moves toward me and plays with the tips of
my tits.  He says, "We're gonna have some fun with you...  real soon,
too...  this is gonna be fucking great."  He laughs and pinches my
sore nipples.

He steps back, and I lift my head up slightly to see where he is.  His
hand is on his crotch, rubbing himself.  I see a bulge growing in his
pants.  He grins widely as my eyes meet his.  He moves back to me.
With one hand rubbing his crotch, his other hand fondles my tits;
rubbing one, then the other.  I can't stop his groping.  I twist
around and lean forward again trying to avoid him.  As he rubs himself
more, the outline of his cock becomes more visible through his jeans.

He stops pawing me and starts to unzip his pants.  I say, "Stop it...
stop..." , as he opens his fly and tries to pry his cock free.
Suddenly, the Leader returns and shouts,"Hey...  put that away. You're
not the winner.  I said the first one finished packing is gonna be
first.  I told you just to watch her.  You're not old enough for this
yet."  The Young One stopped fishing for his cock and zipped up his
pants.  I look at the Leader, trying to comprehend what he just said.
He said the winner was going to be first...  first at me?!

The Leader steps over to me and says, "I decided to make this into a
contest."  He puts his hands on my shoulders and pushes me upright.
"The first one of my guys to finish their loading gets a special treat
tonight...  He gets to have some time with you...  But first we've got
to get you more comfortable..."  He tells the Young One, "Go get that
tape."  The Leader pulls me off the desk and turns my back to him.  He
takes the scissors off the desk, and I feel its cold blade next to my
wrists.  When the Young One returns, he holds my arms firmly as the
Leader cuts my bounds.

My freedom does not last for long.  The Leader pulls my sweater and
bra off my arms and throws them on the desk before me.  The sound of
tape ripping off the roll is soon followed by its wrapping around my
wrists.  He pulls my elbows together making my back arch and my chest
lift.  He tells the Young One, "Put some tape up here to hold her
elbows together...  that'll give her proud tits..."  The Young One
adds some tape to hold my elbows tightly in place.  He turns me around
to face him.

He picks up the camera and starts filming me.  My bound elbows make my
breasts stick out even more now, and my softening nipples are still
erect enough to point up.  The Young One picks my bra up off the desk
and holds it up by the shoulder straps.  He says, "Look how big this
is...", and he looks at the tag.  "Wow!  It's a 39D!  ...a fuckin'
39D..."  The Leader says, "I told you they were at least 38's, didn't
I...  she's small, but she can pack 'em..."

His hand moves to my face.  His fingers brush down one cheek, over my
lips, and up the other cheek.  His fingers lightly move down my neck,
and I feel a chill.  He draws an invisible line down between my
breasts then around my left breast.  He says, "I know you'll be a good
girl...  we're not gonna hurt you..."  His finger keeps moving in
tighter and tighter circles on my tit.  "We just wanna have a little
fun..."  His circling finger reaches my nipple.  He massages the
softening nub and says, "Who knows...  you might even have some fun
too..."

Realizing what may be in store, I stammer, "No...  no...  don't hurt
me...  leave me alone..."  The Leader replied, "Hey, I said we won't
hurt you...  we're just gonna have some fun..."  At that moment
someone else walks into the office.  He is big, sweaty and breathing
hard.  The Leader turns and says, "So, you finished your loading?" The
Winner looks at me and says, "You bet...  boy, she's a looker, isn't
she...  those tits are something else, aren't they...  looks like
you've been getting her ready for me, huh...  this oughta be real
good..."

The Leader stands aside and says, "Okay, you earned your prize... Just
remember, she's gonna be our friend...  so treat her right..." The
Winner walks over and stands in front of me.  I feel myself beginning
to tremble.  The Leader and the Young One move to either side of me.
The Winner wipes his hands on his pants, trying to clean them. He
looks at me and says, "You didn't lie about them tits, that's for
sure..."  He strokes my breasts.  I can not move away from his gritty
hands as they scratch my sensitive skin.  I whimper, "Don't... you're
hurting me...  stop..."

The Winner says, "Don't worry...  I'm not gonna spend much time on
your tits...  but I wanna see 'em get hard...  I heard they get
big..."  He strokes both my nipples, pulling at them and shaking them
back and forth.  My teats harden.  He moves his mouth down to my left
breast and flicks his tongue at my nub.  His tongue slides over my
breast, circling the nipple area.  He presses his tongue against my
teat, then his lips cover the tip of my breast.  He sucks on me.  He
fills his mouth with my tit, and his tongue rolls my nub.  His mouth
moves to my other tit, and it too is inhaled.  As he twirls his tongue
around my nipple, his hand massages the underside of my other tit.

I am getting aroused.  I can not stop my body from reacting.  He
lathers one tit and shakes the other one back and forth then gives my
nipple a couple of pinches.  I am getting so hot from his fondling
that I think I'm going to cum again.  He stands back and seems to
admire his work.  He says, "Those are some fine tasting titties...
Look at them nipples stick out...  Those are almost good enough to
turn me into a tit man..."  They are all laughing, and I see two more
men come in.  One of them says, "Look at that...  oh, fuck... does the
rest of her look as good as those tits?"  The Winner says, "I was just
about to find that out..."

His hands roam over my chest, down my belly, then down to rub my
crotch.  He turns me around and pulls at my skirt's zipper.  I feel my
skirt loosen as he unzips it.  He spins me back around.  My tits
bounce as he stops me, much to the approval of the others in the
office.  He drops to his knees and tugs at the bottom of my skirt.  It
slides down, and I open my knees trying to keep it from falling.

"Wait a minute..." the Leader says, "Let me help you with this." He
steps behind me and holds me up by my bound arms.  "Yeah...  that'll
do it," the Winner says and he gives my skirt another tug.  It drops
off my hips, and I feel another rush of cool air as my skirt falls to
my ankles.  The other men begin to hoot and holler at the sight of my
skimpy, purple panties.

They all talk at once.  I can hear only parts of what they say.  They
say, "I could fuck that right now...  look at the size of her boobs...
what a fine looking piece of ass...  that's made for fucking...  I
wanna get at them tits...  she can suck my dick anytime..."  The
Winner lifts one of my feet out of the skirt and then the other.  He
throws my skirt somewhere behind me.

The Winner stands in front of me.  His hand touches me just below my
breasts.  His hands move over my belly and work their way down.  He
moves his hand down to my pantyhose and presses his palm against my
pussy.  He says, "Oh, yeah...  nice and hot..." He begins to rub his
fingers up and down.  "See, I told you I wasn't a tit man..."  The
Leader tightens his grip on me as I squirm.  He says, "Now be a good
girl...  let him have his prize..."  The Winner moves his hand to the
top of my pantyhose and reaches between it and my panties.

His fingers rub my pussy through my panties.  I can sense my body
responding.  My breathing gets deeper.  I look up and see the Winner,
looking into my eyes while he continues his exploration.  Behind him I
see three or four more men have entered the office.  The room is
getting warmer from the heat of their bodies and mine.

The Winner stops fondling my pussy and reaches into his pocket.  He
pulls out a pocket knife and says, "It's showtime..."  He opens the
knife, pulls out the top of my pantyhose and puts the blade between it
and my hip.  He draws the knife down the side of my leg, slicing the
hose open.  He repeats the cut on my other side, and my shredded
pantyhose peels down.  While the Leader holds me up, the Winner pulls
off my shoes and what's left of my pantyhose.  He grabs my foot and
puts my high-heeled shoes back on.  He looks up to me and says, "You
look good in shoes...  makes your ass look good, too..."  I am naked
now, except for my panties and shoes.  I've been stripped almost naked
in front of all these men.  My bonds give all of them free access to
my body.  I'm shaking with fear.

The Winner turns me around so that my back faces the men.  He pulls
the sides of my french-cut panties together to expose my butt and
pushes them into my butt crack.  He runs his hand over my exposed
buns, admires its tightness and gives me a little whack.  The Winner
stands back, so the others can see my ass.  The Leader spins me around
to face the men again.  There must be five or six of them in the
office now.  Others are standing in the doorway or looking in through
the glass wall.  I know I'm going to get a lot of attention.

He pulls my shoulders back, and my breasts are drawn up and thrust out
to their full prominence.  For once, I wish my tits weren't so large.
All the men stare at my breasts.  The Leader says to them, "See what I
said about these tits?  They're like cow tits, aren't they...  ready
for milking..."  He reaches around and bounces one of my breasts,
squeezes it and pinches the nipple to make it pointed.  He says,
"She's got 39 inch jugs on her...  and they don't sag much, do they
boys..."  He grabs me by my arms and shakes me.  "See how they just
slide around?  They don't sag, but they sure do wiggle, don't they..."
I look around the room.  Every man is focused on me, watching every
movement of my breasts.

He walks me around the office, taking me from one man to another.  My
tits are easy prey for the men.  They take their turns at touching my
breasts, some squeeze, some rub.  One of them reaches for my left tit
and gives the nipple a quick tug.  My tit jiggles, to everyone's
amusement.  He twists my nipple slightly and then pulls it out away
from my body, pinching it hard at the same time.  I whine from the
pain, and he releases my nipple.  He says, "Oh-h-h, baby...  I didn't
want to hurt you none...  Let me make it better with some T-L-C..." He
spits on his fingers, and rubs his fingertips together covering them
with his saliva.

He rubs his wetness on the tips of my breasts.  His fingers slide back
and forth over my nipples.  His lubrication brings a higher level of
excitement to my breasts.  His saliva makes the air cooler against my
flesh.  He's rolling my erect teats under his index fingers.  He
plucks at them, and the others cheer and move closer.  He pulls it a
few more times before the Leader moves me on.  The men whistle as I am
paraded in front of them.  My heavy tits bob with each step.  Other
hands reach out to fondle my exposed breasts and buttocks.

He takes me over to the glass wall and pushes me against it.  My
breasts are mashed against the cold glass.  I know my nipples will
react.  Someone on the other side of the wall taps on the glass where
my nipples are pressed.  I feel the vibration radiate through my
breasts.  The coldness of the glass makes my nipples tingle.  He moves
his mouth down to my squashed tits and licks at my nipples through the
glass.  The Leader spins me around to face him.  The cold glass now
presses against my bound hands and my exposed ass.  He says, "I told
these guys you had some of the biggest nipples I've seen in a long
time...  but it looks like you're trying to make a liar outta me...
we've got to prove to these guys that I don't lie, now don't we,
baby..."

I weakly mutter, "No...", but the Leader pulls me to the center of the
office.  He says, "Do you remember what we did earlier, baby?...
remember how it started?...  You don't?   Oh, Big Tits...  how could
you forget something like that?  Well, maybe you remember what you
were doing.  Remember?  You were sitting on the desk...  and you were
bending over...  you were bent over, and your tits were hanging down."
Some of the men chuckle.  Many of them are staring at my breasts and
smiling as they try to imagine the sight of my hanging boobs.

"The guys wanna see it", the Leader says, "...don't you guys?" The men
rumble with approval.  The Leader says, "We can't disappoint the guys,
can we, baby...  they wanna see how big your nipples get..."  He
kneels in front of me, about three feet away.  He says, "We'll do it
just like before, baby...  except this time your gonna be standing...
now, bend over for me...  bend over and let those titties hang..."

I realize I'm not going to get out of this.  I have to cooperate.  I
have to put on this show.  I have to let him abuse me again.  The men
are going to watch.  I bend forward slowly.  The Leader says,
"Lower...  lower...  lower..."  The lower I bend, the more my ass
sticks up, forcing my panties deeper into my butt crack.  I bend over
until my chest is parallel with the floor.  My breasts point toward
the floor and dangle in front of my nose.

The men are enjoying the pose.  The Young One kneels to get a better
shot.  The Leader says to him, "Why don't you lay down on the floor
under her tits and shoot from there?"  He crawls below me and aims the
camera up.  An arm reaches down and bounces my left tit in his hand.
Someone says, "Here...  you can focus on this..."  The men laugh.

The light from another video camera comes on, and someone says, "We
can use another camera, here...  we gotta get a shot from the side
too..." The men move around to get a better view.  Some kneel to get
eye level with my swaying boobs.  Someone's hand rubs over my exposed
ass; first one cheek, then the other.  He says, "Maybe we should get
another camera for her ass, too!"  I feel him pulling up on the
waistband of my panties to wedge the material deeper into my crack.
More hands are on my ass, and someone says, "I could fuck this bitch's
ass right now..."

The Leader gets my attention when he tweaks the nipples of my hanging
breasts.  He looks up to me and says, "Ready for the good stuff again,
baby?"  He inserts his hand between my dangling breasts and wiggles it
up to my chest.  He keeps wiggling his hand and slowly moves it back
down until he's slapping the fleshy part of my tits.  He pulls his
hand out and quickly slaps the outside of my left tit with one hand
follows it with a slap to my right tit with his other hand.

He bangs them roughly back and forth a few times, then returns his
hand between my hanging tits and slaps their insides some more.  I
feel no pleasure in the pain from his slaps.  I hold my breath as he
slaps the outsides of my tits again, rocking them side to side.  His
hands move lower until his fingers slap at the tips of my breasts.  He
hits my nipples a few times, and the sharp pain makes me raise to move
my nipples away.

He says, "Why are you pulling away, baby?...  you know how much you
like this..."  He says to someone, "She needs some help...  hold her
down a little more..."  A hand presses down on my back.  I'm bent over
until my breasts are again in the Leader's control.  He softly
squeezes my stiff teats and rolls them between his fingers.  He says,
"You know you like this, baby...  you like this a lot..."  He raises
his voice and says, "While you guys may think her nipples were already
big...  well, Big Tits and I know what makes 'em bigger...  don't we,
baby..."  He grabs each of my nipples from below, pinches the areolas
up around my nubs and shakes my tits back and forth a little.  The
Leader asks the Young One, "You getting all of this?  Can you see her
tits move?"  The Young One says, "Oh yeah, man...  this is great..."
The Leader says, "Well hang on to that camera...  we're gonna go into
high gear now!"

He pinches the tips of my breasts hard and pulls them down.  As he
stretches my breasts, his middle fingers flick at my nubs.  Either I'm
getting accustomed to the pain, or the pleasure I feel when he flicks
my nipples is getting stronger.  He lets go, and my breasts spring up.
His fingers seize my hard nubs, and he yanks my breasts down again,
letting my nubs slide free from his pinch.  He plucks at both my nubs
several times before he starts to pull down on them one at a time.  A
heightened pleasure fills my breast each time my nub is tugged.  He
says, "See what I said...  I told you these cow tits were made for
milking..." The men roar with laughter.  The other camera moves close
to the side of my right tit.  He's filming just the tip of my breast,
holding the camera steady while my breast is stretches down and pops
up.

The Leader stops his assault and gently rubs his fingertips over the
tips of my sensitive nubs.  As the pain subsides, it's replaced with a
growing arousal.  The Leader whispers to me, "Does this feel better,
baby...  do you like these soft strokes..."  He gently rolls my nubs
between his thumb and forefinger and whispers, "Or do you like this
better...  when I play with your nipples a little bit..."  I have to
admit it; he's increasing my arousal by rolling my teats.

I plead, "Please...  stop...  let me go..."  The Leader whispers,
"Don't you like this, baby...  maybe it's still not right..."  He
increases the pressure of his fingers on my nubs.  A moan escapes from
my throat.  He says, "See...  you don't want me to stop...  you like
what I'm doing, don't you...   you like this, don't you, baby...  tell
the truth...  tell me you like this...  tell me you like this,
baby..."  He pinches my nubs tightly and twists them.

I give out a loud cry from the pleasurable pain.  He whispers, "Tell
me you like this, baby...  tell me..."  I try to whisper, but have to
almost shout, "I like it...  I like it..."  The Leader speaks louder
so his men can hear and says, "What do you like, baby...  tell me
exactly what you like..."  He squeezes my nubs hard and pulls them
down a little.  The sensation is overwhelming.  My body starts to
shake, and I sense a climax building.  My voice crackles as I shout,
"I like...  I like it when...  you pinch...  my tits..."  I said it.
Everyone heard me, but I no longer care.

The Leader again whispers, "Good girl...  you're a good girl...  I
know you like it when I pinch your tits...  now that you said it...
everybody here knows...  so you don't have to pretend this hurts...
this feels good, doesn't it, baby..."  He stops squeezing and starts
to pinch my nipples over and over.  I say, "Yes...  it feels good..."
He says, "Do you want more, baby...  do you want more..."  I know I'm
close to another climax.  I want it to happen.  I want to cum.

I say, "Yes...  I want more...  give me more...  pull my tits...
pinch my nipples..."  The men are enjoying this;  seeing my tits
grabbed and hearing me ask for more.  The Leader says, "Okay, baby...
okay, Big Tits...  I'll give you what you want..."  He grabs the tips
of my breasts with his fingers and starts to shake them.  His fingers
slide further off my tips, until they hold only my nubs.  He shakes my
boobs harder and harder, and squeezes my nubs tighter and tighter. The
men howl as my tit flesh wiggles.  My nipples are on fire, and I hear
myself grunting loudly.

With one last tug, he pulls away and says, "Pull her up..." Someone
grabs me by the arms and stands me up.  The men cheer when they see my
big, hard teats standing at attention.  I gasp for air, as my near
climax fades.  My nipples are throbbing.  The man holding me pulls my
arms closer together behind me, and my chest lifts higher still.  He
moves to my side and peers over my shoulder to enjoy the sight
himself.  He shakes me to make my big tits wobble for the crowd.

The cameras are making a record of my hard, pointed nipples atop my
big, firm tits.  My mind drifts, as the men talk about me and fondle
my breasts.  They will probably play this video many times and show it
to countless men.  I know they'll all want me.  They'll want to
squeeze these tits of mine and pull or suck on my nipples.  I also
know these men here aren't going to stop now.  They're too worked up
from watching the Leader fondle me.

I can sense their lust building around me.  I will have to satisfy
some of them before they leave me alone.  I don't want to fuck them
all.  There're too many.  Maybe they'll only want blowjobs.  I could
do that, if I had to.  Maybe they'll only want to fondle me some more.
There's not much more of me to see.  But, they will have their way.  I
know I can't stop them.  I may as well get it over with as quickly as
possible.  I calm down and try to relax a little bit.

The man holding me from behind lets go of my arms, reaches around to
cover my breasts with his hands and pulls me back against his body.
His hands move to below my tits, and his thumbs press against the
outsides of my breasts.  He squeezes my tits at their base.  My senses
return, and I think I can feel his cock against my back.  My heavy
breasts are shaken up and down.  The men cheer him on.  The cameras
record it all.  From behind me I hear him say, "Man, are these tits
nice..."  He stops shaking them and squeezes them over and over. "This
feels good," he says.  "There's a lot to squeeze here."  He shakes
them again, then cups them in his hands and draws them up.  He eases
the pressure slightly, and my breasts slowly slide down.

There's an intense sensation as my rock hard nipples encounter his
palms and my teats fold up as my falling tits rub against his hand.  I
hear myself softly say, "O-o-o-o-o...", then hope no one else heard
me.  He draws my boobs back up, and they slide under his hands again.
A wave of pleasure flows over me.  I hear him moan softly as my
nipples are dragged against his hand.  He rubs himself against my
back.  Another "O-o-o-o-o..." comes from me, this one a little bit
louder.  I'm ashamed at my reaction, but I can't deny my arousal.  A
third time he pulls my breasts up and lets their weight pull my
sensitive nipples under his hands.

Before my aching nubs slide free, his fingers grasp them.  He rubs
them between his forefinger and thumb.  I have to take short breathes
through my mouth.  Each time I exhale, a low gutteral moan rattles in
my throat.  I'm enjoying this.  I'm enjoying the excitement he gives
to my nipples.  He pinches them slightly and pulls them up, lifting my
breasts up.  He twists my nipples and pulls them outward.  I feel a
sharp pain and give out a loud moan.  His fingers release their hold,
and my heavy breasts drop.  As the jiggling of my breasts stop, I am
shocked to see how big my teats are.  They must be 3/4 of an inch long
now, jutting tense and erect from the tips of my breasts.

The Leader grabs hold of my right nipple and says, "Let's get going."
He leads me around by the tit, through the men and back to the desk.
My head spins as he moves me to the left and right by tugging on my
nipple.  I'm getting a little bit scared of not knowing what will
happen next, but I also can't deny a heightened sense of arousal.  I
should not be getting turned on, but being almost naked in a room full
of strangers, my hands uselessly bound behind me and the abuse and
fondling of my breasts over the past hour has gotten something started
inside me that I can't seem to stop.  As we walk to the desk, he
pinches and tugs at my nipple, taking my arousal to a higher level of
excitement.  I'm not sure I even want to stop my arousal.

The Leader spins me to face the men, and his hands scoop up my big
breasts.  He squeezes them tightly, with both hands, avoiding my
nipples.  He moves his index fingers up to my nipples and drags his
fingernails over the skin around my nipples.  His nails drag along the
sides of my sensitive buds, and I shudder uncontrollably with
pleasure.  He squeezes my left tit firmly, and his other hand moves
down my belly and over my pussy.  He rubs me through my panties.  He
says, "Check it out...  she's already wet..."  He brings his hand up
to my nose, and I smell my own juices.  He says, "I say she's ready!"

The Winner steps back up to me, and the Leader and the Young One stand
on either side of me to hold me still.  The Winner pulls the front
waistband of my panties up and watches as the material stretches over
my pussy and begins to press between my cunt lips.  He says, "I also
heard you got to feeling real good earlier..."  His palm of his other
hand rubs roughly over my tits as he winks at me.  "Well, I'm gonna
make you feel good too..."  He lets go of my waistband and slides his
hand down to my pussy.  He rubs me through my panties and says, "I'll
make you feel good...  but in my own way..."

His hand moves between my legs, and I pull them tightly together.  He
says, "Hey...  don't you want to feel good again?...  it'll be a lot
easier if you help a little..."  I say, "No!  Leave me alone...  don't
touch me anymore..."  The Leader moves to my side and faces me.  He
says, "I told you we won't hurt you...  take it easy..."  He quickly
wedges his foot between my legs and pins me against the desk.  The
Young One puts his foot in the space, too.  They each move their leg
from my side, pulling with it one of mine.  Pinned against the desk, I
can not free my legs from theirs.  Soon my feet are spread a couple of
feet apart.

The Winner approaches me once more.  He palms my breasts roughly
again, pushing them around and teasing my still hard nipples.  He
says, "Now take it easy...  I won't hurt you...  this won't take
long..."  He pinches one of my nipples hard, and at the same time his
other hand returns to my pussy.  With my legs pinned apart, he has
easy access.  His fingers massage my vulva through my panties.  He
traces my panties down to the gap between my legs.  He puts two
fingers under the narrow of my panties and slides them up to my pussy.
He rubs them over my pubic hair and up to the waistband.

His other hand resumes its fondling of my breasts, though more gently
this time.  His fingertips draw slow circles on the outer edges of my
breast and slowly spiral closer to its erect nipple.  He holds it
between two fingers and lightly strokes the nub slowly back and forth
with another finger.  At times he pauses, pinches the nipple between
his fingers and pulls it away from my body.  The feeling is intense,
yet pleasurable.

He repeats the process and moves from one tit to the other.  So
intense is this feeling, I do not notice his fingers in my panties
moving down and over my cunt lips.  The pleasure in my breasts is
interrupted when his finger rubs across my slit.  He slides one finger
along my slit, slowly working it between my lips.  He slides it up and
down with more and more pressure.  He pulls it up until it brushes
against my clit.  When he touches it, I have an uncontrollable shudder
and a long moaning sound escapes from my throat.  When he sees me
react, he pulls on my nipple and shakes my tit around.  Both my
breasts and pussy are getting aroused.

He continues to massage my pussy lips.  His finger glides easily
between my lips, lubricated by my own juices.  His finger slides into
my cunt while his palm massages my clit.  I have to respond.  I relax
my legs by reflex.  He shakes my tit again, and I breath deeply, then
let out a low moan.  He says to me, "You're liking this, aren't you...
I told you I was gonna make you feel good too..."  He pulls his hand
out of my panties and says, "Well you ain't seen nothing yet..."

His knife reappears.  He pulls the thin waistband of my panties away
from my hip, slides the knife over it and cuts it apart.  He moves to
the waistband on my other hip, holds it in his hand and cuts it too.
The front of my panties falls down and bares my patch of black pubic
hair.  The men groan in approval at finally seeing me completely
naked, except for my high-heeled shoes.  The Winner reaches between my
legs, grabs my hanging panties and pulls them free from my butt
cheeks.  He finds what was once their front and shows me the wetness
it caught from my pussy.  He tosses it to the men behind him, and they
pass it around, some smelling my juices.

The Winner returns his attention to me.  Both his hands roam over my
neck and breasts.  He sucks on one tit, while pinching and shaking the
other, then he switches.  The feeling is incredibly intense.  After
lathering each nipple to renew its hardness, he kisses my neck, throat
and cleavage.  He kisses and licks the bottom of my breasts, then he
continues kissing and licking down my belly.  He pauses for a moment
as he drops down to his knees.  His mouth is level with my belly
button.  He kisses it and sticks in his tongue.  He looks up to me and
says, "Now this is what I like..."

He kisses my belly button again, and then follows it with another, but
just a bit lower.  His lips make their way down to my pubic hairs, and
he keeps going down my mound until he is pressing his lips on my
vulva.  His breath is warm against my pussy lips.  He pulls my lips
apart with his fingers, then kisses my clit.  I feel a large rush of
excitement, and it is followed by a body shaking shudder as he follows
the kiss with a darting tongue against my clit.  The others notice my
shudder and react with cheers and chants to encourage the Winner's
assault.  His tongue moves up and down my slit, forcing itself past my
pussy lips.  I am so aroused, I notice I've spread my legs further
apart so they're no longer be held by the Leader and the Young One.

The Leader moves to my side.  He watches the Winner work on my pussy.
He watches my breasts heave as I gasp for air.  His hand moves over to
tickle the bottom of my left breast.  I close my eyes, giving in to
the lust they have finally aroused within me.  The Winner's tongue
keeps moving its way deeper into my pussy.  The Leader is rubbing his
hand around my breast and over my nipple.  The Young One even joins in
and squeezes the tip of my right breast, twirling my teat around.

The Leader whispers to me, "Hey, baby...  I told you we take care of
our friends...  friends want friends to feel good, right?...  Well, I
think we can make this more comfortable for you, now..." The Leader
moves behind me, and I feel him pulling my bound arms over toward him.
The next thing I hear and feel is the tape being pulled off my wrists.
He cuts it off freeing my arms.  I put my arms down on the desktop to
brace myself better.

The Winner sees this and more aggressively licks my pussy.  He moves
back to my clit, licking and sucking it with authority.  I lean back
over the desk as the Winner gives my clit more action than it has seen
in months.  I lean back over the desk so far that the Young One and
the Leader can not now reach my breasts.  Everything is focused on the
pleasurable feelings coming from my pussy.  The men become so quiet,
all I hear is the Winner's slurping and my breathing.  I watch my
breasts quivering with each short breath.

The Leader says, "We can make this easier for everyone," and
interrupts the Winner.  I take a few deep breaths when he pauses.  The
Leader moves to the other side of the desk and sweeps everything off
it with his arm.  The unexpected crashing of tapes, the phone and
books onto the floor excites me even more.  The Leader comes in front
of me, grabs me by the waist and lifts me onto the center of the
desktop.  The metal top is cold against my bottom, especially in
contrast to my hot pussy.  Moving behind the desk, the Leader eases my
back down onto the desk.  He positions me with my head at one corner
of the desk.  My legs stretch out to the opposite corner.  I raise my
knees and try to balance on the heels of my shoes.  My knees wobble in
the air.

I lay naked on top of my desk, in front of seven or eight strangers. I
have climaxed once already while one of them ravished my tits, and now
I'm waiting for another stranger to continue sucking my pussy. For
some reason though, it all seems right.  I'm excited about going on.
The lust within me has emerged.  My body wants more sexual pleasure.
I want more attention;  I want more action;  I want to feel more now.

I rub my hand over my throat and slide it down to my left breast.  I
cup it in my palm and gently squeeze it again and again.  The distance
between my knees gets larger.  I press my feet together and let my
knees spread even more.  I bring both my hands up and lightly glide my
fingertips across my breasts and over my softening, swollen nipples. I
enjoy the feeling of my excitement.  There's a camera shooting me from
between my legs.  The Young One is filming me from my side.  He's
focused on my breasts as I stroke them.  I roll and pinch my fat
nubs.  The feeling is intensely pleasurable.  I want them to film me
pinching my nipples.  I want them to see me making my nubs hard and
erect again.

I look at the men down by my feet.  Some are mesmerized by my little
show.  Others are talking about me.  I know they're getting excited by
what they see.  They probably all want to fuck me, too.  As I look at
them I see my breasts gently rise and fall with each breath.  If I
move at all, my tit mounds quiver.  They watch every movement of my
breasts.  I long for a man's hands on my boobs;  squeezing them;
pinching my nipples.  All the men now have their eyes on me and begin
to move around the desk.  Each one seems to have a bulge showing
through their pants.  The Leader has a big bulge.  His eyes are
focused on my body as he moves his cock around in his pants.

The men standing near my feet move aside, and the Winner approaches.
"Yeah, this is much better," he says as he looks at my waiting body
lying before him.  He climbs up and crawls between my knees.  I spread
my legs to give him room.  He looks down on me.  My breathing begins
to deepen.  He watches my tits rise and fall.  My rigid teats point
straight up.  He rubs his hand over one breast and then the other. His
hands travel down to my belly, and he brushes them over my mound. He
crawls down to his prize and positions his head between my legs.  I
spread my legs apart as he approaches, but he gently spreads them even
further.  His fingers pull my pussy lips open, and he continues where
he left off.

The other men crowd closer around the table.  Every one of them is
close enough to reach out and touch me.  Some watch the Winner eat my
pussy.  Others watch my breasts jiggle and heave.  I close my eyes,
not wanting to be distracted by their leers.  At first I could hear
every word they said.  "Look at him go after that pussy...  I wanna
suck those tits, too...  that's one fine piece of ass...  she's really
liking it..."  But soon their voices fade as my passions begin to
rise.  The Winner's tongue is all I think about.

I can no longer simply lie on the desk.  My lust for sexual excitement
is increasing more and more.  I move my hips around as the Winner's
tongue swirls around my clit.  I reach up and rub my breasts.  I pinch
my erect nipples, twisting and pulling on them.  Someone touches my
breast and says, "I'll do that for you..."  My hand is replaced by
another's.  He massages my tit mounds and taut nubs.  When he shakes
my tits while pinching my nipples, waves of arousal consume my
breasts.  I open my eyes to see if it's the Leader, but it's one of
the other men in the crowd.  He had seen what worked on me and was
doing a good job at mimicking it.

I look around and see the Leader standing over me at the desk corner
near my head.  Turning my head to the side, I see his cock almost at
eye level looking even bigger than before.  He unzips his jeans.  My
eyes focus on his hand.  I watch, as if in a dream, while he reaches
into his unzipped pants and brings out his cock.  To my surprise, it's
only semi-hard.

He moves closer to the corner of the desk.  His hand strokes his shaft
only inches from my eyes, and it grows harder and larger.  He stands
over my head.  I see the bottom of his veined cock as he shakes it to
life above me.  He moves to the side of my head and turns my head to
face directly at him.  He holds his cock near its base and rubs it's
tip over my face.  His balls bounce against my nose as he brushes his
cock across my cheek.  He moves his dick toward my mouth and runs it
over my lips.  He says, "Lick it, baby..."

My tongue emerges between my lips and touches the hot flesh of his
cockhead.  I push my tongue out further and slide it along the bottom
of his shaft.  He says, "That's a good girl..."  I flick my tongue and
bounce his cock back and forth.  I can see his cock getting harder,
sticking out higher in the air.  I watch his hairy balls bounce each
time my tongue flicks at his cock.

The Leader moves to the corner of the desk and puts his hands in my
arm pits.  I can feel his hot cock and balls pressing against the top
of my head as he pulls me closer to the desk's corner.  The Winner's
tongue is pulled away from my pussy, and he looks up to see what's
happening.  The Leader says, "Sorry, but she's got something else to
do, too..."  The Winner smiles, licks his lips and moves his head back
to my hot mound.  His tongue dances around my clit and darts between
my cunt lips.  My back arches at the intense pleasure.

The Leader pulls my head slightly off the corner of the desk, turns my
head to its side.  His cock is bouncing in front of my eyes.  I reach
up and cup his balls in my hand, squeezing them gently and rolling
them in their sac.  His cock is crowned with clear droplets.  I know
now that I want it.  I want to clean his cock.  I want to suck him.

He grips the back of my head, though he doesn't need to, and places
his cock against my lips.  He moves forward, and his hot cock
separates my lips and enters my mouth.  I rub my tongue along its side
as he pushes further in.  He pulls himself out, and I press my lips
together, hugging his shaft.  He slides it in and out slowly.  Each
time he pulls it out, my tongue lathers his cockhead then caresses it
when it returns in.

As his cock slide out he says, "Suck me, baby...  suck my dick..."
With no second thoughts, I suck on the tip of his cock, trying to pull
it back into my mouth.  The Leader stands motionless as I suck and
lather his shaft.  He slides more of it into my churning mouth.  All I
hear are my slurping sounds and my low guttural moans vibrating
against his cock.  His hand holds my head firmly toward him as he
quickens the pace of his in and out motion.  I rest my tongue against
the side of his sliding shaft as he fucks my face.

I notice other men are moving around to watch as his glistening cock
drives in and out of my mouth.  Two of them each stroke my breasts.
One squeezes my tit flesh slowly.  He shakes it, lessens his grip, and
repeats it over and over.  The other begins to pinch my other nipple
harder and harder.  I start having a small orgasm from this nipple
squeezing.  I twist my head to look up, leaving the Leader's cock
bobbing in the air.  I say, "Somebody...  suck my nipples...  suck
them...  bite them...  I want someone to chew on my nipples...  suck
and pinch them..."

The men roar, and the Winner stops eating me to laugh with them.  The
Leader loudly says, "I'll do that for you, baby..."  "No!", I say, "I
want to suck you some more..."  My head turns back to face his cock.
He says, "Okay, baby...  you can suck me some more..."  He says, to
the two men working on my tits, "One of you better start sucking some
tit..."  The man who was simply squeezing my tit leans over and licks
my nipple.  The Leader says, "Don't lick it...  suck it...  she wants
you to suck her tit...  and when her nipple gets real hard, then use
you teeth...  she wants you to chew on her tit, don't you baby..." I
look over to the man and say,"Suck me...  suck my tits hard..."

The man smiles and squeezes his fingers around the base of my breast
and pulls it up my chest until the nipple crowns the tip of my boob.
He presses his lips around my nub and flicks it from side to side with
his tongue.  His lips open, and he sucks my tit flesh into his mouth.
His tongue is still rubbing my nub, and I feel his teeth press into my
tit flesh.  He slowly pulls his head up and grinds his teeth on my
boob as it slides out of his mouth.  Before his teeth reach my nipple,
his mouth opens to release its captive.  Again, he sucks at the tip of
my breast and fills his mouth.  As my tit slides out of his mouth
again, the man on my other nipple rubs his thumb over it, sending
chills through my breast.

My tit pops out of the man's mouth again.  This time, though, he puts
his lips against my nub and holds it firmly as his tongue lathers it.
I moan from the pleasure.  His lips tighten their hold, and his jaw
moves side to side, twisting my nub.  The man on my other nipple
twists his captive too.  I give out a long, guttural moan.  It feels
so good.  The man sucking my tit presses his lips tighter.  His tongue
rolls the very top of my nub around.  I say, "Yes...  that feels so
good...  Oh, yes..." The Leader breaks my trance by saying, "I thought
you wanted to suck my dick, Big Tits...  are they distracting you too
much?  I can have them stop, if you want..."  "No!", I plead, "let
them keep going...  I can suck you now..."

I turn my head toward the Leader.  His cock is still hard.  He holds
my head still and moves the tip of his dick to my slightly parted
lips.  He says, "Okay, Big Tits, are you ready for some face
fucking..."  He pulls his groin away from me and moves his feet closer
to me, arching his back to keep his dick from touching my face.  He
says, "Open up, baby...", as he moves his groin toward me until the
tip of his cock touches my lips, "...here I come..."  He slowly pushes
his cockhead between my lips.  My mouth is forced open as his cock
moves its way past my teeth.  He keeps pushing more in, and I feel his
cock touch the back of my throat.

He pulls back a little and starts making slow, short thrusts.  He
says, "Use you lips, baby...  squeeze my dick with your lips..."  My
lips tighten around his shaft.  His thrusts become longer.  My lips
hug his shaft as he slowly strokes.  He say, "That's it, baby...  hold
my dick tight...  keep your lips tight..."  The two men stop fondling
my nipples, and I groan with disappointment.  The man who was sucking
my tit says, "Sorry, baby...  but I wanna see this..."  I give out
another soft groan, and he says, "Okay...  maybe I can keep my hands
busy while I watch..."  He gets on the desk and sits next to my
belly.

He leans over me and grabs a tit in each hand, massaging my tit flesh
and sometimes pinching my nipples.  I moan with pleasure and press my
lips harder against the Leader's shaft.  I groan with surprise, as I
feel someone's fingers on my pussy.  The Winner says, It's only me..."
I feel his tongue probing for my pussy lips.  He says, "My Momma
always told me to finish what I start..."  His tongue parts my lips
and enter my pussy.  I give out a long moan, and the man on my breasts
pinches my nipples hard.  A louder moan shows my appreciation.

The Leader is pumping faster.  My grip had loosened while I was
enjoying the pleasure in my breasts and pussy.  I press my lips
together as hard as I can.  My jaw is starting to ache.  The Leader
says, "Oh yeah, baby...  suck me... suck me hard..."  I curl my lips
over my teeth to squeeze his shaft harder.  The Leader grips my head
tighter and starts to moan.  My nipples are pinched and rolled.  I
know I'm about to orgasm.  As I give out a few short shudders, the
Winner rams his tongue deep inside me.  His fingers rub against my
clit, then pull the flesh aside.  His tongue moves to my exposed clit,
and he flicks it about.  His teeth grip my clit and tug at it, then
his tongue roams all over it again.  My nipples are pinched firmly and
are twisted hard.

It's more than I can handle.  I shake and jerk with an enormous
climax.  The Leader holds my head tighter and continues his assault. I
tense all over and hear myself moan with pleasure as wave after wave
passes through my body.  The Winner stops eating me, and I begin to
recover.  The Leader pulls his cock out of my mouth, and I just lay
there breathing heavily.  My nipples are released, and he softly
strokes my belly.  The men are all talking, as I catch my breath.

The hand moves up from my belly and softly rubs over my right tit.
Gently, he moves to my other breast and strokes it with his
fingertips.  I've recovered from my orgasms, and his soft touch is
relaxing and pleasurable.  The Winner gets off the table, comes over
to the Leader and says, "Sure could use some of that sucking
myself..."  The Leader steps back and says, "I think you deserve it...
don't you think he deserves a little head, baby?..."  I smile up at
him and say, "I'll suck his dick dry!" The men chuckle and move about
as the Winner undresses.

The Leader stands on top of the desk.  He is naked now, and his cock
bobs above me.  He says, "And I just wanna shoot my load between those
huge knockers..."  The man stops touching my breasts and gets down off
the desk.  The Leader puts one leg on either side of me and kneels
down.  He straddles my waist just below my jiggling breasts.  I can't
take my eyes away from watching him slowly stroke his firm cock.  He
slides up some more until the tip of his penis can rub along the
undersides of my breasts.  He moves closer again and lightly rubs the
fleshy head of his cock against my puffy nipples.

His hips move back and forth, as he slides the length of his cock on
my nipple.  The sensation brings back memories of my boyfriend.  He
use to do the same thing, before he tit fucked me.  It felt good to me
then, and it feels good now.  I look up to the Leader and see in his
face the passion I remember seeing in my boyfriend.  I feel more
comfortable, more relaxed and let this familiar sensation flow all
over me.

He rests his dick on my right breast.  I feel its warmth.  As it
throbs I see my tit flesh quiver with small ripples.  He twists to
drag his cock off my breast, and its weight drops on my chest. His
hands move to my sides, and he cups the outsides of my breasts and
pulls them on top of my chest.  His thumbs stroke my rigid nubs.  He
pushes my breasts closer together and moves to position his cock
between them and closer to my face.  My tit flesh touches each side of
his cock, and he holds them there.  His thumbs roll my nipples firmly,
then he slides them off and squeezes my tits hard.  I close my eyes
and enjoy the sensation.

He stops squeezing them, then he continues to push my breasts
together, wrapping them around his cock.  He begins humping them,
moving his thick hard fuck meat in and out between my tits.  I look
down and see his fingers are buried in my tit flesh as he squashes my
breasts together.  He holds the tips of my breasts so tightly that my
nipples almost touch each other.  The head of his cock emerges from
between my tits as he pushes forward, then disappears in them when he
pulls back.  His thrusting cock is lubricated by my own sweat.  As I
watch him pump his cock between my tits, I become aware of a need of
my own.  I would love to have his cock in my cunt.  I want his cock
there, now!  I tell him, "Fuck me...  please fuck me now...  I want
your cock in my pussy."

The men laugh and tease me as I beg to be fucked.  The Leader says,
"Not me, baby...  your tits are gonna fuck me..."  The Winner turns my
head to face his erection and says, "...and this is what I'm gonna
fuck..."  I say, "Somebody fuck me!  Please, anybody...  I need a dick
in my pussy..."  The Young One quickly unzips and yanks his pants
open.  The Leader says, "Wait a minute...  she needs a man's dick...
you're not ready..."  The Young One looks at me with disappointment as
one of the other men says, "I'll fuck the bitch...  I've god a man's
cock here..."  He moves next to the desk and strips.

The Winner now pushes his dick between my lips and into my mouth.  It
goes all the way to the back of my throat before he pulls it back out.
He pumps my head, the Leader shakes my tits and pinches my nipples
between his fingers.  The Young One is standing next to the Winner,
watching me suck him.  I reach over to the Young One and inside his
unzipped pants.  I pull down the top of his underwear and pull out his
hard cock.  He looks down and smiles as my hand covers his shaft.  I
pull on his cock in short, quick jerks.

Someone behind me says, "You got two hands, don't you?...  I'll take a
hand job..."  I reach up with my other hand, and a warm, big,
semi-hard dick is placed in it.  It belongs to the man who said he'd
fuck me.  It swells in my hand, and I try to wrap my fingers around
it, too.  I stroke both cocks in rhythm with the Winner's thrusts.
When he pulls out, I pull their cocks.  When he pushes in, I slide my
hands to their balls.  The men cheer at us.

The Leader begins fucking my fleshy mounds again.  He pushes his cock
between my sweaty tits each time the Winner pushes in.  It feels like
I've got one long cock that is going between my breasts and into my
mouth.  For several minutes, the four cocks and I are in perfect
motion.

The Leader breaks the spell and starts pumping madly, pressing my tits
tighter around his cock.  He grunts a couple of times, then says,
"Sweet Jesus!"  I feel his cock erupting when it's buried in my tit
flesh.  He pushes forward and his cock shoots a long thick stream of
hot cum on my chest and neck.  He lets go of my breasts.  Out of the
corner of my eye a can see him grabbing hold of his cock.  I stop
sucking on the dick in my mouth, but the Winner keeps sliding it in
and out.

The Leader strokes his shaft while he points it at my right breast. It
sputters again, and I feel a glob of cum land near my nipple.  He
moves down until the tip of his cock presses against my nub, and he
beats his meat faster and faster.  His cockhead pushes my nub around,
sending chills through me.  I squeeze the cocks in my hands tighter
and twist them as I stroke them.  The Leader groans as he spurts all
over and around my erect teat.

I squeeze the cocks in my hands hard and tug on them, as I feel the
hot cum slide slowly down along the tip of my pointy tit.  The Leader
slows his strokes and squeezes his cock to milk the last drop of cum
onto the very tip of my coated nub.  As he tries to catch his breath,
he uses the tip of his cock to spread his still warm cum over the tip
of my quivering breast.  I stop squeezing the cocks and just hold
them, enjoying the feeling of his warm cock rubbing my tit.  I press
my lips against the Winner's cock a little to better feel his flesh
slide over them.  The Winner responds by pushing it further in and
pulling it out until his cockhead almost escapes my lips.

I suck deeply on the Winner's cock and rub my tongue back and forth
against it.  I tighten my lips around his hot flesh, and he groans
loudly.  The Leader rubs my left tit and pushes my nipple around with
his thumb.  I am moaning with every breath.  It's hard to concentrate
on the three cocks I'm servicing.  I tighten my grip around the cocks
in my hands.  I pump them quickly in short strokes and rub my thumbs
over the smooth flesh on their tips.  There is a loud moan, and the
cock in my right hand erupts and cum flies onto the desk top.  I look
up and see the Young One grinning and looking glassy-eyed, apparently
satisfied.  I have to stop stroking the other cock still in my hand. I
hold on to it and squeeze it for a while, then I let go completely.

The Leader rubs his fingers on the desk and coats them in the Young
One's cum.  His fingers drip with cum as he moves them to my right
nipple and rubs the Young One's cum around to mix it with his.  He
coats my nipple with their cum and rolls it between his slippery
fingers.  He says, "Does this feel smooth, baby...  it feels real
smooth to me...  but that's gonna change...  pretty soon it's gonna
feel sticky..."  He rubs his fingertips all over the tip of my
breast.

His fingertips scrap up the cum off the sides of my tit, and he says,
"We can't let this tit have all the fun, can we, baby..." He wipes the
warm cum on the tip of my left breast, not touching its nub, though.
Using a finger not covered with cum, he finally rubs it against my
left nub.  He says, "See how this feels, baby...  see how it feels
without cum on it...  it feels soft, doesn't it, baby..." His other
hand moves to my cum-coated nipple, and he rubs the flesh around my
nub.

The sticky cum pulls on my flesh as his finger jumps across it.  He
says, "This tit's already getting sticky...  you'll like it when it
gets real sticky, baby...  you'll like me rubbing your sticky boobs...
but we've got to get this other boob ready, don't we..."  His fingers
smear the cum all over the tip of my other breast, and he makes
certain both my nubs have a good coating.

He says to the Winner, "How you doing?"  The Winner softly says, "I'm
doing fine...  just fine...  I could fuck this mouth for hours...  and
she knows how to suck..."  The Leader says, "You look good with a dick
in your mouth, baby...  do you like sucking dick...  it felt real good
when you were sucking me, baby..."  He slides his finger over my
breasts.  The sticky cum makes my tit flesh pull against his fingers.
He rubs them to the left, until my tits drag themselves against his
fingers and pop free.  He goes back the other way, but softer so that
only my erect nubs are touched.

I moan softly, as my nubs are bent over, dragged against his fingers,
and then pop up.  The Winner says, "Yeah, baby...  I like it when you
moan...  I can feel it in my dick..."  With no more encouragement, I
moan a little louder and longer.  The Leader's fingers match the
motion of the Winners thrusts.  My nubs drag against his fingers as
the Winner's cock slides between my lips.

I shudder with a small climax, making my lips press tighter around his
cock.  He says, "Yeah, baby...  suck my dick..."  I try to ignore the
sensation in my tits and concentrate on the cock in my mouth.  When he
pulls out, I lather the tip of his cock with my tongue, and he moans
deeply.  When he pushes in, I squeeze my lips tight.

The Leader must have noticed my lips tightening.  He stopped rubbing
my nubs and started to roll them between his finger and thumb.  When
the cock slides in my mouth, the Leader pinches and twists my nubs.
For several minutes the Winner and I alternate moans.  Finally the
sliding of the Winner's cock against my lips and the punishment of my
nipples is more than I can handle.  A small climax rolls within me.  I
groan loudly from the pleasure and the pain.  The Leader pinches my
nipple hard and pulls on them.  Another give out another load groan,
as the climax continues.

The Winner pulls his dick partially out of my mouth and makes short,
fast thrusts.  I hold my tongue up and rub it against the tip of his
cock.  His hands grasp the sides of my head to keep me steady.  He
pumps his cock faster and faster, and I realize he's fucking my face.
I'm only a tool to be used for his pleasure.  Each time the Winner
thrusts in, the Leader pinches my nipples.  A stronger climax runs
through me, and my lips squeeze tight on the Winner's cock.  It
twitches in my mouth, and he presses my head close to him.  His cum
hits the back of my throat, and I start to gag.  He pulls his dick
out, and I swallow his salty sperm.  The Leader releases my nipples.
My tit mounds quiver as I catch my breath.  He says, "Great tit
fuck..."  The Winner adds, "Great head, too..."

The Leader give my tits a couple of slaps, then gets off me, sitting
on the desk next to me.  While I look at him, I feel hands on my
ankles.  I look down and see the man whose big cock I had been
stroking.  He crawls up on the desk, and his rigid cock bounces.  He's
on his hands and knees, and he moves up next to me.  One of his hands
rubs my belly.  He slides it up my chest and rubs my nipples.  My eyes
are glued to the sight of his big, hairy balls as they sway beneath
his erect cock.  His hand moves to my bush, and I spread my legs
slightly.  He says, "I'm gonna give you the fucking of your life,
bitch..."

He raises to his knees and grabs me by my waist.  He rolls me over,
and the coldness of the new part of the desk top sends pleasurable
chills through my breasts and pussy.  He slides his hand over my back
and down to my behind.  His hands move to the sides of my hips, and he
pulls me up.  Taking his queue, I raise up to my knees and elbows.  My
large breasts press against the cool desk top, and my tit flesh
presses against my elbows.

He says, "That's better...", and he moves behind me.  He places his
hands on the sides of my hips, nudges my legs apart with his knees and
moves forward until I feel his hot cock flesh rubbing against my
cooled, wet bush.  He leans over my back and pulls my shoulders up. He
positions me on my hands and knees.  His hands move to my hanging
breasts, and he squeezes their tips firmly.  I watch his hands as they
roughly massage my dangling tits.  He says, "You got some pretty messy
tits, bitch..."

His hands move to my throat and he slides them down my boobs, pressing
them firmly against me.  He draws my breasts apart as his hands slide
over my nipples.  My tits fall from his hands as he rubs the cum off
his hands and onto my back.  His hands go back to my neck, and he rubs
me down again.  He cups the tips of my swaying breasts and rubs them
in small circles.  My tits are still sticky from the cum.  He says,
"That's better now..."  He kneads my tit flesh and says, "I think
you're ready, don't you?" He pinches my teats hard, and I groan.  He
says, "I'm gonna fuck you good, bitch...  you're gonna remember this
fuck..."

He releases my tits and leans back.  His fingers probe my bush and
work their way between my wet pussy lips.  He slides a finger inside
me and feels my juices.  He pulls his hand away, and I feel him rub
the tip of his cock over my pussy lips.  With one hand on the small of
my back, he uses the other to guide his cock into my pussy.  I let out
deep moans of pleasure as he nudges his cock further and further in,
pushing my pussy lips apart as they hug his thick cock.  At last, I've
a cock in me.  I really want this fuck.  He slowly pulls out and
slides back in.  Each stroke goes deeper and deeper.  Finally, his
belly pounds against me, signalling his cock is completely in my
pussy.

With his hands on my hips, he pushes me away from him, and his cock
slides out.  Slowly, his hands pull my hips back toward him, and his
cock slides back in.  I lower myself back down on my elbows and raise
my hips to give his cock better access.  I arch my back just enough to
keep only my nipples touching the desktop.  He continues to guide my
hips in and out, and my pussy slides over his cock.  Each time he
pushes me away, my nipples get dragged over the cold desktop.  It
feels terrific.  He quickens the pace.  I raise up onto my hands, drop
my head and watch my hanging boobs flop wildly.  My lust builds, and
soon the slap of my ass against his belly becomes rapid.  I close my
eyes and enjoy this pleasurable pounding.  I have to breath through my
mouth as the tension raises.

I lift one of my hands off the desk and reach between my legs.  My
fingers find his swaying balls.  I cup them in my palm and gently
massage them.  He moves one hand onto my back and continues to guide
my motion.  He says, "I think you need to do some of this work
yourself...  you've got the rhythm now, bitch...  I want you to slide
your pussy over my dick..."  His hand stops moving me, and after a
little hesitation I release his balls, prop myself up with both hands
and resume the pace myself.  The men get louder as I quicken the pace
even more.  I feel a climax building.  The man leans over me and cups
my breasts, restraining them from their violent flopping.

I fill with pleasure as he squeezes my tits hard.  His fingers move to
find my aching nipples, and he pinches them, too.  He pulls my nipples
down and back toward him.  As I slide forward, my boobs are stretched;
a delicious pain fills my breasts.  When I slide back, it lessens.  I
gulp for air and concentrate on sliding the entire length of his hard
cock in and out of my pussy.  He puts one hand on my back while his
other hand rubs over my swinging breasts.  He rubs them hard, back and
forth, up and down.  I am constantly moaning, enjoying the pleasure
shooting through my tits.  I hear the men hooting and cheering me to
go faster.

As I pump quicker in response, I tune out their voices, and enjoy the
sensation in my breasts and snatch.  My eyes close, and I can't hold
back a small smile.  The pleasure from my pussy and the pain from my
tits are overpowering.  I shudder as several climaxes erupt within
me.  My shoulders shake from the intenseness of the pain shooting from
my nipples and tits.  My pussy lips clamp around his cock.  As my pace
slows, he releases my tortured nipples.  My need for a fucking has
been satisfied.

I feel his dick pulling out of my pussy, as I try to catch my breath.
He says, "That was just your warm up, bitch...  my dick's still hard
and hungry...  time for the main course..."  His hand moves over my
ass, and he pinches it.  His fingers slide along my ass cheeks, and
work their way to my butthole.  I gasp, turn my head to him and say,
"No!  Don't do that to me!"

Smiling, he says, "You mean you ain't never had a cock up your ass,
bitch?  Boy, oh boy...  does this ass need fucking or what?"  His
fingers spread my cheeks, and his other hand guides his cock to its
target.  Its tip presses against me, and I feel the wetness of my own
juices as it lubricates his cock's entry.  He pushes firmly forward.
It hurts.  He pushes again, and I squeal in pain as his cock pushes
into my asshole.  He pulls out slightly, then pushes further in.  I
try to relax, and the pain subsides.

He keeps edging his cock deeper and deeper.  I feel my heavy breasts
begin to swinging.  Perspiration covers my forehead, slides down my
face and drops onto the desk.  He leans over me and grabs the tips of
my hanging boobs.  As he drives deeper, he squeezes my breasts hard.
He pulls on my nipples and pinches them between his fingers.  The pain
in my breasts matches the pain in my ass.  His hands move up to my
neck, then slides around and behind it.  With his arms under my
shoulders, he pulls me up onto my knees and locks his fingers together
behind my neck.

My arms stick straight up and dangle over my head.  I place my palms
on the top of my head to rest my arms.  As he pushes his dick in more,
he pulls his arms back, and my arms must go back, too.  The men gawk
as my large, bouncing breasts are drawn upward.  I look down to see my
boobs are bright pink from the mauling they've received.  They are
filled with blood and, though firm, still quiver with a life of their
own.  The tips of my tits are swollen, and my jutting nubs are the
size of grapes.

I lay back against him.  He shakes me with his shoulders to wiggle my
abused tits for the men.  He slowly pulls his cock out of my ass a
little, then eases it back in.  After six or eight strokes, he pulls
it out a bit further before pushing it in deeper still.  My asshole
twitches uncontrollably and clenches around his shaft.  His hardness
has returned, and his hips against my backside with more and more
forceful thrusts.  My tit flesh ripples from the impact.  Instead of
squealing in pain, I moan with each stroke.

He says to the men, "It's about time this bitch makes me feel good,
too...  Huh, guys?"  The men roar with, "Yeah, fuck her good!...  give
it to her!...  fuck the bitch's ass!..."  As they continue yelling, he
pulls me more upright, pulls my arms back further and shakes me hard
to make my big tits bounce and slide over my chest.  His mouth moves
to my ear, and he softly whispers, "You've already had your fuck,
bitch...  now I'm gonna have mine..."

Holding me tightly, his moves his dick back and forth in short
strokes.  He quickens the pace a little, then he slows a bit to
lengthen the stroke and, again, slowly picks up speed.  My moans have
become longer and more guttural.  My body is glistening with sweat.  I
can taste its saltiness as it enters my mouth.  For several minutes,
he works my ass until the entire length of his cock is finally sliding
in and out.  I feel his balls bouncing softly against my ass cheeks as
he thrusts.

He takes control of the pace and drives his cock into me quicker and
rougher.  He is no longer servicing me.  He is using me for his
private pleasure, just like the Winner used my mouth and the Leader
fucked my tits.  I feel like a puppet as he rams into me harder and
harder.  I'm not participating in this;  my body is used to only
satisfy his lust.  He pulls himself nearly all the way out and pauses.
I take a few deep breaths, hoping he's through.  Suddenly, he slams
his cock all the way in.  I let out a load groan, and before I can
catch my breath, he's already pulled out and slammed into me again.
He forcefully rams me again and again.  He stretches my body higher
and pulls me back.  My big, firm tits jut up toward the ceiling.

My glistening breasts bounce spastically as his body slams into mine.
I squeal from his abuse, but he only goes faster.  One of the other
men reaches out to grab the nipple of one of my bouncing boobs.  He
holds it steady and lets my tit bounce around it.  The motion of my
heavy breast tugs at my nipple, motionless in his grasp.  The Leader
captures my other nipple, pinches it harder than the other guy, holds
it steady too, but also pulls it away from my body.  The other guy
duplicates the Leader and pulls the nipple he's holding away from me.

I close my eyes and imagine the sight the men are seeing and the
camera is recording.  I'm center stage, surrounded by a gang of men.
The men all talk to each other, but all eyes are leering at me.  They
are enjoying the sight of three men working me over;  not for my
pleasure, but for theirs.  Some watch the cock reaming my asshole.  My
butt cheeks ripple.  Others are focused on my breasts.  My big tits
are being lifted up by their nipples.  I can picture how I must look
to the men holding my nipples.

I can not hold back my moans from the pleasurable pain.  The pain I
feel in my ass at each thrust is quickly followed by pain in my
breasts when my tits are stretched by my pinched nipples.  I groan
loudly as I climax again.  The man ramming my ass lowers me back to my
hands and knees.  My breasts are released, and my quivering tit flesh
hangs down again.  His hands firmly hold my hips still, and he drives
his cock faster and harder into me.

I collapse onto my elbows, weak and gasping for air.  My breasts rest
on the cold desk top sending chills through me.  All I can feel,
though, is the cock in my ass.  I catch my breath and raise up until
again only the nipples of my hanging breasts touch the desk.  I enjoy
the tingling of my teats being dragged against the cold surface.  My
breasts are not left alone for long.

I lower my head and watch as two other men grab at my swinging tits.
I raise to my hands to give them better access to my tits.  They
squeeze them and rub them and pinch my nipples.  Several waves of
climax rush through my body.  When I'm not gasping for air, I'm
groaning loudly.  Some of the men pound on the desk top with each
stroke.  There is noise everywhere.

The man fucking my ass grunts louder and louder.  I feel his body
tense.  His pumping cock spasms within me as him cum fills my ass.  He
slows his pounding.  He pulls me upright again and rubs one of my tits
roughly.  As he slows his thrusts, he twists on my nipple until he
finally pulls his cock completely out.  He lowers me onto the desk and
rolls me onto my back.  I gasp for air as the sensations ebb.  He
looks down at me and says, "You were a good fuck, bitch..." The men
are talking and laughing as they move closer and leer at my sweaty,
quivering body.  What they've been watching has brought lust to their
faces.  Many are sweating and rubbing their crotch.

No sooner have I caught my breath when hands are all over me; rubbing
my belly, my pussy, my thighs, my breasts, my face and lips.  Someone
works his fingers into my pussy and starts giving me a hand job.  A
hand reaches for one of my sweaty breasts.  Its finger lightly draws
circles around my nipple, then gently flicks at it with a fingertip. I
follow the arm up and see the Young One smiling at me.  As he flicks
my nub, his other hand is stroking his small, erect dick.

The Young One moves toward my head and puts his small dick near my
lips.  I smile in satisfaction as my pussy is expertly fingered and
open my mouth wide for him.  As I lick and suck him, my hands are
taken and wrapped around two more cocks.  I am servicing three cocks
at once while my pussy gets closer to another climax.  I have given
myself up to wanton lust.  These men have eaten and fucked my pussy,
tormented and fucked my tits, and given me my first ass fucking.  They
have filmed the whole thing.  Who knows how many other men will later
see me being stripped naked, fondled and fucked.  Not only have I
contributed to this, I'm now contently giving another blow job and
jacking off two others as they grope my tits and finger my pussy.

As soon as one cock shoots its cum in my mouth or down my arm, another
takes its place.  Three or four times someone mounts me and fucks my
pussy as I service or prepare the others with my mouth and my hands. I
lose track of time and of what's happening.  Slowly I notice there are
no cocks in me or on me.  I sit up to see the men leaving.  The Leader
looks at me and says, "Didn't I say we wouldn't hurt you?"

He approaches me and pulls at my softened teats one last time.  We
both watch them as they protrude again.  He says, "Just a little
something for you to remember..."  He seems satisfied with their size,
and he turns the tape player back on.  The monitor comes to life.  The
woman in the video is laying naked in a bed.  Into her bedroom come
four men, their cocks already hard.  The Leader tugs on my nipples one
last time, gives them a hard twist and turns to go.  As he leaves he
says, "You can go back to work now..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





