BDSM Library - The Audition




The Audition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young actress goes on location for a casting call, only to find the leading man's "method acting" a nightmare come true.
The Audition

"Oh, Jesus," Mary staggered slightly, feeling her way toward the bathroom, "It
can't really be morning already, can it?"  Standing before the mirror, Mary
squinted, rubbed at last night's makeup smeared under her eyes.  "Bride of
Frankenstein," she muttered, "master . .. . MASTER."  Giggling tiredly, she
climbed in the shower, directed the hot spray on her back, shoulders.

Feeling refreshed after her shower, Mary carefully applied her makeup, styled
her hair.  Big day today, meeting on location with THE casting director.  If she
could wow him, she had it made.  No more shitty parts in lousy horror flicks, no
more extra work and rotten little local commercials.  This was it.  Her shot,
and she was going to make it count.  Poring through her closet, she considered
her reflection in the mirror-5'6", 113 lbs, long legs, lush black hair.  Huge,
impossibly blue eyes, heart-shaped face.  And spectacular 34 C  breasts.  She
smiled, cupping them in her perfectly manicured hands.  Turning back to the task
of choosing an outfit, she thought carefully about the role-sophisticated
socialite, sexual predator.  She smiled triumphantly as she pulled the black
velvet sheath dress from its hanger.  Off the shoulder, tight jeweled bodice,
slit to her thigh.  Oh, yes.  This was the dress that would get her the part. 
Diamond necklace, matching bracelet, drop earrings, and impossibly high heeled
pumps rounded out the ensemble. Black garter belt, black lace pushup bra,
matching thong, and seamed stockings.  Perhaps a little flash would help her
cause.   She giggled as she swept her hair off her neck, pinned it in a wave of
careless elegance. 

The drive was blissfully short-traffic was light, and the morning still cool. 
She pulled down the small dirt drive, smiling to herself, humming to the music
on the radio.  She felt confident, totally sure of herself.  She would make this
part hers.

Pulling up to the trailers, she exited her car gracefully, one long leg bared,
extended as she rose.  And, oh, she was making an impression-the men setting up
had all paused in their work to watch her.  Standing in front of a large trailer
was the casting director and-oh, my GOD, was that Ben Roth?  She felt an
electric jolt, and an immediate moistening between her legs.  Ben Roth, actor,
producer-voted Sexiest Man Alive, and oh, she agreed. 

Mary approached, concentrating on her breathing, working to appear calm,
competent.  The greetings were short, perfunctory.  Mary faltered-this wasn't
promising.  The casting director saw her expression, and his softened slightly.

"Mary, I'm sorry-we've just lost our leading lady, and things are very tense
here."  Ben Roth looked at Mary, then the casting director.

"Maybe you would like to read for it, Mary?"  He smiled, eyed her breasts, her
legs appreciatively.  Mary goggled.

"M-me?"

"Don't be nervous," Ben smiled mischievously, "we were all new once." 


"O-okay."  Mary stammered, swallowing hard, "do you have a script handy?  Can
you give me a few minutes?"

"I prefer dry reads, Mary," Ben took her by the arm, led her toward the trailer,
"Gives me a better feel for you, you know?"

Entering the trailer, Mary looked around-a huge four poster bed, restraints at
the head posts.  Rope with what looked like cuffs tied in the middle of the bed. 
A bedstand with a strange looking mask with a rubber ball at the mouth, metal
clamps, an iron bar with manacles, and-DILDOS?  Mary faltered, but damn, she
needed this part!

Ben smiled at her hesitations, "It's okay, Mary, we're a union flick, " he
laughed, "the scene-let me set it up for you.  You have been kidnaped, terribly
abused by a gang of 8 men, they've raped you, sodomized you, convinced you that
you will die.  But then I, the dashing police detective, show up to rescue you. 
I remove your gag, and you cry to me, beg me to save you.  As I untie you, you
tell me what they've done.  Easy enough, no?"

Mary nodded, smiled nervously as she was led to the bed.  She lay back as crew
members pulled her wrists back and snapped the manacles in place.  He legs
parted so they were spread wide, knees up.   She looked fearfully at Ben as her
mouth was opened and the ball gag was inserted.  He smiled reassuringly, patted
her head.  Then he motioned for the cameras to be turned on, and the trailer to
be cleared.  "I figured you'd be nervous, so we'll just let the cameras roll and
do this just me and you the first few go-rounds, okay?  Let you relax, get a
feel for it."  Mary nodded gratefully. 

Ben walked to the door, then turned back, adopting a look of rage and horror as
he played the part.

"Oh, dear God!" he cried, rushing toward her.  He gently removed the ball gag,
stroked her face, "It's okay now-you're safe.  Who did this?  Can you tell me
what happened?"  

Mary began to cry, sobbing a tale of rape and torture, begging for release.  Ben
shook his head, "No, no-again, you're not convincing me."  The gag was pushed
back into her mouth roughly, and the scene began again.  Mary gave it her
all-sobbing, breasts heaving as she begged for his help. 

"Are you really this bad, this stupid?"  Ben shouted angrily, "Do better!"  
Mary cringed, beginning to cry in earnest.  Ben moved to reinsert the gag, but
Mary whipped her head away.
"Let me go!" she shouted, hurt, angry, "I don't want to be in your fucking
movie, you bastard!"

Ben looked hurt, sad.  "Mar," he said softly, "I'm sorry, I just-it's been a bad
day.  Give me another chance, huh?  I think I know what's wrong here, and it's
my fault.  I know how to make this easy for you, how to help you to be perfect," 
He looked at her hopefully, "you game?" 

Mary nodded warily, and Ben gently pressed the ball gag back into her mouth . .
. and left.  He returned 10 minutes later with 8 men-big, horribly built, dirty
men. 

"You see, Mar, I think you're fucking this up so badly because you aren't
FEELING it.  You aren't GETTING it.  So, with these kind men's assistance, you
are going to feel it, you are definitely going to get it."

Mary's eyes widened with horror.  Oh, no-he couldn't mean that!  No, this was
Ben Roth, this was a UNION job!   Mary began to struggle in vain against her
bonds as the men approached.  Tears began to flow as she realized that she was
caught like a fly in a web, and worse, she'd climbed into that web willingly.

The men crawled onto the bed merrily, laughing as their hands caught at her
dress, yanked it up to expose her garter belt and panties.  Hands squeezed and
pinched her thighs as she thrashed violently, fingers yanking her panties to the
side and exploring her pussy-her pussy that was still damp from her first
sighting of Ben.  Ben, who wished the men a good time, told Mary to be a good
girl and get her lines down, and left her to them.

One of the men reached up, roughly tore her bodice open, revealing her beautiful
breasts in their lace cups.  Mary's muffled cries served only to further inflame
the men-transients and junkies picked up for the occasion-and their hands moved
hungrily over her.

Then a finger jammed roughly into her, routing around, pushing in and out. 
Mary's hips bucked violently, her muscles clamped down on the finger, trying to
force it out.   The man laughed, removed his finger and reached down to unzip
his pants.  His cock sprang out-huge, bigger than anything Mary had ever seen. 
Grasping her legs under the knees, he pushed them up, back, baring her pussy and
holding it up, clenching, quivering.  Laughing, he plunged his purple cock deep
into her, bottoming out with the first thrust.  Mary squealed behind the gag,
her head whipping back and forth in denial, her hips bucking involuntarily as he
leveled her with his dick, plunging in and out, slamming her down into the bed. 
His balls slapped her ass and he laughed as she squirmed in pain and fear. 
Another man-huge, Mexican, grabbed her hair and forced her head to the side. 
Her eyes bugged as she saw the giant cock bobbing inches from her face.

"You're gonna swallow my cock whole, chica."  He laughed as he removed the ball
gag, jamming his swollen manhood into her mouth before she could make any move
to prevent it.  Hot, salty, so huge she thought her jaw would break.  Mary
gagged as it pushed relentlessly down her throat, forcing her open, blocking her
airway.  Hands wrapped in her hair, he yanked her head harshly, back and forth
to meet the thrusts of his hips.  Never pulling out far enough for her to draw
breath, Mary's struggles became frenzied as she fought for air.  Head bobbing
wildly, her fight for life was also, inadvertently, a wild ride for the Mexican
as her mouth worked him, her throat spasmed, constricted around his throbbing
cock.

"Look at this puta fuck me with her mouth!"  He laughed loudly.  His laughter
turned to a triumphant shout as his cock began twitching, swelling.  Hot, foul
spunk filled Mary's mouth, her throat, her lungs.  Like fire it coated her,
raced to her belly.  Wave after wave flooded into her, threatening to drown her
even as she nearly fainted for want of air.  Gagging, some of the sour cum
bubbled up and out her nose.  As his spent cock began to shrink, Mary was
finally able to draw a ragged breath around it. 

Pulling out, the Mexican wiped his spent dick on her face, in her hair, laughing
as she shrunk away.  Another man, an unspeakably fat, hairy monster, stepped up,
grasped Mary's jaws, forcing them open.

"Oh, nnn-nnoooo, " Mary struggled to pull away, even as the man in her pussy
began pumping frantically, shaking her wildly, "Nooo, p-p-please, no more!" 
Mary's protests were silenced as the man's filthy cock pushed into her aching
mouth, drove past her tongue and into her throat.  "GHHHHMMMPHHH" Mary gagged,
working to open her throat so he could pass without choking her.  Then the rush
of hot cum in her pussy as the man inside her exploded, his hips convulsing as
he drove deep, dumping his load in her womb.  Pulling out, he moved to the side,
allowing the next to kneel between her knees.  The sticky spew of the first ran
out of her, and she moaned around the tool in her mouth as that cum trickled
down to her rectum. 

The next man in her pussy was smaller, but what he lacked in size he made up for
in cruelty.  Slamming into her, he reached up, tore at her bra,  and began
twisting and pinching her sweet, pink nipples.  Mary rocked madly back and
forth, her breasts bouncing in their quest to escape the torture.  The two
cocks-one pinning her head, the other holding her hips helpless to the bed,
prevented her from evading the torture to come.  And then clamps-the man
reaching to the bedstand, grabbing two.  Affixing one to each nipple as Mary's
choked screams filled the room. 

"Ooh, baby, keep screaming, " the fat man in her mouth sneered, "feels
wonderful."  The men laughed, both at the words and Mary's pained expression-her
eyes wide, rolling back as she was plundered, the fat cock seeming to seek out
her very belly.  The man hammering her pussy reached up, began twisting the
clamps.  Mary's body bucked in response, her throat working around the fat cock,
her pussy clenching around the raping tool inside her.  Another belly full of
spunk, another pussy full, dripping with new cum.   Two more men took up
positions, then a third stepped forward-the biggest black man Mary had ever
seen.  Looking down, she saw his cock dwarfed the others.

"We call him the elephant man.  Can you guess why, whore?"

"P-p-please, " Mary moaned, struggling to close her legs, "No m-m-more.  Please
don't fuck me any more."

"What'd she say?"  The fat man laughed harshly.


"She said 'please fuck me some more,' plain as day."  The huge black man smiled
cruelly, his hand holding his elephantine cock before him, "And I know just how
to give it to her good."  Bar laid out behind her ankles, manacles affixed. 
First one hand, then the other bound to the hook in the ceiling.  Mary struggled
valiantly as they moved her, thinking maybe, just maybe, she had a chance.  She
was wrong.   Huge black hands on her, shredding the remnants of her velvet dress
from her body, the tree trunk of a cock pushing against her.  The bar held her
legs wide, her feet barely touching the floor.  Another cock pressing from
behind, and Mary began to scream at the realization-they were going to rape her
ass AND her pussy at the same time, while she dangled helplessly, standing on
tip toes.  No effort was made to gag her now-her cries rang out, encouraged the
men.

"NOOOOOOO!" Mary staggered, struggled, wiggled her hips in the vain hope of
evading the ass-fucking to come, "Please, no, pleaAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH" Mary's pleas
became inarticulate screams and grunts as the two dicks plunged into her-the
huge black cock tearing her pussy, the other plunging into her virgin ass with
one ripping thrust.  Mary was lifted off the ground with the force of the
fucking, slammed back and forth between the two men, the two cocks.  'GHUH, HUH,
UGHGH, " Mary's agonized grunts matched the rapists' thrusts , her tortured
breasts jiggling madly with the slamming her bruised, bleeding holes were
taking.  The black man laughed, twisting the clamps on her nipples. 
"GGGGAAEEEYYY," Mary shrieked,   jerking violently to escape the pain, but only
succeeding in grinding their throbbing cocks deeper inside her already battered
body.

The rapists exploded simultaneously, filling her bleeding holes.  They left her
hanging there for a few minutes, their hot, pink-tinged spunk running down her
bruised legs.  Pulling her down, they threw her on the bed once more. 

"Please . . . " Mary whispered, trembling in pain and fear, "please . . ."

"Hey, whore still wants it, listen to her beg!"  The fat man laughed, smacking
her exposed, tortured breasts, "but damned if I'm just plum fucked out!"  His
eyes wandered, landing on the huge dildos.  He smiled cruelly at the others,
then grabbed the largest of the lot-10 inches long, and easily four inches in
diameter-- and forced it between Mary's slick, reddened thighs.  Up, inside,
Mary screamed with it, her hips bucking with a strength she didn't realize she
still had.  "That's right, bitch, " the fat man shouted, "fuck it, you whore!" 
Another dildo, this one with straps, jammed down her throat to stifle her
screams.  Straps secured around her head, huge dildo wiggling from side to side
as Mary's throat worked to dislodge it, to allow air to pass.   The flipped on
her belly, and another, almost as big as the first, rammed into her already torn
rectum.  The cum smeared, soaking her was actually a blessing-acted as lube to
ease its passage.  "What's this?" the Mexican picked up a small oval vibrator
with straps, "What does this do?"
"That's called a butterfly-put it on the clit, strap it in place, and she can't
help but come off."  The men looked at Mary, struggling against the huge dildos
inside her, and laughed.  Turned her on her back and strapped the butterfly in
place.  Turned it on, then waited for the fun.  Mary whimpered around the giant
cock-like thing in her mouth, then began to cry, gag as her body responded
totally against her will.  Even in her agony, her humiliation, her hips began to
move rhythmically, she began to lubricate, her cunt muscles contracting and
releasing around the thick latex tools inside her.  The men laughed, jerking
back to hard as her hips started heaving wildly, thighs trembling as she
approached climax. 


"GHHHAAAAAMMPH," Mary screamed around the dildo, "NNNOOOMMMPH!"  The men shouted
their victory as her back arched sharply and her cunt spasmed so violently that
the gigantic dildo jumped and jerked crazily.  Mary shook her head wildly,
trying to deny this betrayal by her body.  The men cackled, waited as her body
tensed and began to build toward yet another crashing climax.  Again and again
Mary came, choking, gagging as she screamed with the waves of pleasure that
mingled so hatefully with her pain.  The men gathered around her, twisting the
nipple clamps, jerking off furiously to her squirming and moaning.  And then
they came-one after another, their hot juice spurting over her face, her neck,
her tortured breasts.  Up her nose, in her eyes, her hair was soaked with their
thick, slimy cum. 

"All done," the huge black man put his trousers back on, signaling the others to
follow suit.  They dressed, laughing as Mary's body was wracked with yet another
agonizing climax.   Closing the door behind them, Mary lay sobbing around the
dildo in her mouth, holes filled to bursting, hips still straining and bucking
as she moved toward yet another orgasm.  Each orgasm squeezed more of their
endless cum out of her pussy, her ass.  And then the door opened, and Ben strode
in, script in hand.  He smiled at her tortured figure, then composed himself,
dropping the script to the floor.

"Oh, dear God!" he cried, rushing toward her.  He gently removed the dildo from
her bruised, swollen mouth, stroked her face, "It's okay now-you're safe.  Who
did this?  Can you tell me what happened?"

THE END 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





