BDSM Library - A Bad Neighborhood




A Bad Neighborhood
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Living in a bad neighborhood, you never know what will happen. This story chronicles a summer in which a mother & her 13 year old son are held captives by a local gang. The gang uses the mother as a sexual play toy, forces her to prostitute herself for them, and even makes her have sex with her son and his friends for their amusement. Another short, but highly erotic story.
*****************************************************************************
NOTE TO READERS: The authors writing here in A.S.S.M. are not paid for the
wonderful stories that they write.  We have lost many authors, because they
don't believe that their work was appreciated.  If you enjoy a story that you
have read, email the author and let him/her know that you liked his work.  Even
just a "Great story" note lets the author know that you appreciate his/her work. 
If you can, be a little more descriptive, tell the author what you liked about
the story.  You will be repaid ten fold, in more stories, as the authors won't
get disappointed and feel that their efforts are not appreciated, and about the
things that you really enjoyed, if you let them know what you enjoyed.
*****************************************************************************

                       A Bad Neighborhood
                         By Ted E. Bear


*****************************************************************************
WARNING:
This story is fiction, and should be treated as such. The following story is for
the entertainment of ADULTS ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If
you are not an adult, or reading sex stories upset you, DO NOT read any further.
If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read it.

This is a copyrighted work.    Copyright 2001 by Ted E. Bear. Reposting or any
other use of it  is strictly prohibited without the express, written permission
of the copyright holder, except that it may be posted as part of a  review or
posted to a free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

DISCLAIMER:
All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to anyone either alive or dead is
purely coincidental.

Please!    Send me your comments!

Email to "Ted E. Bear" tedebear690@yahoo.com
*****************************************************************************




                           Chapter 1 -


Ever since my father died, several years ago in an accident, it's been just my
mother and myself.  We had to move to a cheaper part of town, since she could
not afford the rent on the apartment that we had been living in at the time.
Cheaper also meant rougher, more run down, and the stores and even the schools
were further away.

I have to be careful when I'm outside as there are several gangs roaming the
neighborhood, and they're always looking for trouble.  They carry guns and
knives, and wouldn't think twice about killing someone or slicing them up. I'm
constantly on the look out for them, and either go the other way, or cross the
street, just so that I don't have to confront them.

That summer, I was thirteen years old, and my mother, Seema, was thirty-two.  I
was not very tall, just four foot nine inches, and skinny. My mother however, is
beautiful. She's five foot one inch, and I think she weighs about a hundred and
twenty pounds.  She has a dark olive complection, black hair and doe like eyes. 
She had put on some weight since my father died, but it all seems to have gone
to the right places, because she still has this skinny little waist, that flares
out dramatically at her hips and she has a nice meaty ass, that jiggles with
every step she takes. Oh yes, and she also has the most perfect set of tits in
the whole world, big and round.  They look even bigger on her, because she's so
small otherwise.  I looked in her underwear drawer one day, and found out that
they are 36-D's. As I said, they're really big!  And I can tell that men must
really like that, as they all stare at her, everywhere she goes.

But that's enough of the background, I want to tell you what happened to us,
mostly to her, that summer.  I was out looking for some of my friends to play
with and saw Jack and Ed down the road.  As I got closer to them, I saw them
point at me and suddenly, three gang members were coming after me. I was sure
that they were going to kill me and I took off running, but with me being such a
little kid, and them being adults, with much longer, more powerful legs, they
caught up with me really quickly.

They asked me my name and I told them.  They then asked me a bunch of questions
about my mother, evidently trying to make sure that I was the right kid that
they were looking for and unfortunately, I was. It was only 4:00, and my mother
was still at work, but they took me back to my apartment, to wait for her to get
home. I had to unlock the doors, that they otherwise couldn't have gotten
through. They turned on the TV and we all sat and waited.

At 6:00, when they heard the sound of feet, coming up the stairs, one of them
wrapped me up in his arms, and held his hand over my mouth, so that I couldn't
warn my mother of the intruders, while the other two stood on either side of the
door.  As soon as she opened the door, they grabbed her and pulled her into the
apartment, and locked and bolted the door.

As my mother started to scream, one of them clamped a hand over her mouth,  the
blade of his knife to her throat, and said, "Don't scream and don't fight us, or
we'll kill your kid!"

My mother, although I'm sure that she was in shock, quickly calmed down, and
nodded her head, agreeing to their terms.

"I'm going to take my hand off of your mouth," the hoodlum said, "but remember,
any screaming, fighting or anything else, and we kill the kid."

Again she nodded her agreement and the man took his hands off of her mouth. When
she didn't scream or do anything stupid, they also let me go, and I ran over to
her, crying and hugging her.

"What do you want? I don't have anything of real value for you to steal. Here,
here's my wallet, I only have $5 in it." she said, handing them her wallet. The
three men laughed at her and threw her wallet right back at her.  "We don't want
your things, we want you!" one of them said.

I felt my mother stiffen, but I didn't understand back then why, at least, not
at the moment that they said it.

Then one of them said, "Let's see what we're getting. How about having the kid
strip his mother for us?"

Another one said, "Yeah! That's a great idea!  O.K. kid," he said to me, "we
want to see what your mother looks like, without her clothes on.  So we want you
to take your mother's clothes off, all of them!"

I couldn't help myself, I got an immediate erection, just thinking about seeing
my mother naked. After all, since I learned to beat off, just over a year ago,
my mother had been the main focus of my sexual fantasies, especially those big
tits of her's, which I had sneaked a peak at once, through the key hole in the
bathroom door. But with my prick, which I now know was pretty big for age,
poking my shorts out, I couldn't let her loose, and let them, or worse her, see
it, so I continued hugging her tightly.

The man said, "Look kid, either you do it gently, or I'll do it, not so gently."

My mother added, trying to protect us, "It's alright Korantak. We have no choice
but to do as they say, or they will hurt us."

The man then said, "Yeah kid, do as your mother is telling you."

With much reluctance, and still whimpering, I let her go. Sure enough, as soon
as I let go of her, and pulled back just a little, the three men saw my
condition and laughed.

"Hey, the little mother fucker's got a woodie!" one of them pointed out.

I looked up at my mother, and blushed when I realized that she was looking down,
right where my prick was tenting out my shorts. At the moment, I thought that
she must have thought of me as some kind of sick pervert, getting hard over the
thought of stripping her off in front of three strange men, but I later found
out that she didn't.

"Alright kid, let's get this show on the road.  I want that dress off now, so
get moving!" one of them said.

That day, my mother was wearing dress, that buttoned all the way down the front. 
I went to start at the bottom, so I wouldn't have to put my hands on those big
juicy tits of hers, just yet, but as I bent over and grabbed the bottom button,
they told me to start at the top. With my hands shaking fiercely, and I must
have had a full body blush, I felt so hot, I moved my hands towards the top
closed button of her dress, right at the top of her breasts. The men all laughed
at me, seeing how nervous I was about undressing my mother for them, especially
undoing the buttons where her breasts were.

"Hey kid, wait up." one of them said to my momentary relief. "They're only tits!
They won't bite you. Why don't you get used to them, before you unbutton her.
Just place your hands on them, squeeze them, and move your hands around on
them." he continued, and then they all laughed at our shame.

I had no choice, I had to do what they commanded, to keep us from getting hurt,
so I placed my open palms on her tits and squeezed, a little too hard, as I
heard my mother gasp. I couldn't look at her, not doing what I was doing to her,
and I looked down at the floor.

One of them must have noticed, because he said, "Hey kid, look your mother right
in the eyes while you play with her tits, and lady, you keep your eyes on his."

Now I was not only running my hands all over her tits and squeezing them, but I
had to look her right in her eyes as I did so. She was looking right at me the
whole time. At first I could see a look of sadness and shame in her eyes, as I
ran my hands over her huge melons, a place my hands should never have been, but
the longer I played with her tits, the more her look softened.  Her eyes got
smokey and sort of glazed over, and I could feel her trembling slightly. At the
time, I thought she was crying, that was why she was trembling, but now I know
that I was turning her on, getting her hot.

Suddenly one of them said, "Alright kid, enough feeling up your mother, start
unbuttoning the dress."

Since I had just been 'feeling her up', I wasn't as frightened about putting my
hands on her tits, as I undid her buttons, not that I wanted to, but there was
no other way to unbutton the top two buttons, than to put the heel of my hand on
her tits, while I undid the buttons.  After getting those two undone, the rest
were relatively easy.  I did notice that her nipples had gotten hard, probably
from my 'feeling her up'.

As I was getting the last button, all the way down at the bottom of her dress,
one of them said, "After you get this one undone, remove her dress."

Again my hands were shaking. In part because I didn't want my mother naked in
front of these men, but in part because I wanted to see her naked myself, and I
was ashamed from having these thoughts. I finally got the last button undone,
and stood up.  I walked around behind my mother, and pulled the dress down her
arms and off of her, laying it on the back of the chair, next to us.

"Come around front kid and have a good look at those huge knockers of her's."
one of them said.

I did as they commanded, and walked around in front of my mother.  I looked up
into her eyes and she nodded, telling me to look at her breasts. I sort of
always knew that she was proud of her breasts, from when my father was still
alive, but was still shocked to see her tits through her virtually transparent
bra cup. There was nothing left to my imagination, I could see her huge, dark 
areolas, which were a little bumpy now, due to the fact that her long, thick
nipples were both fully erect.

They then made go back around behind her and unhook the bra, so that her tits
would be completely naked. When her bra was off, and had joined her dress on the
chair, they made me come back around to see them in all their naked glory. Then
they made me play with them again, and while I was running my hands over my own
mother's naked breasts and squeezing them, they made me suckle at her nipples,
like a baby, feeding from it's mother's breast. They didn't think that I was
sucking hard enough, and kept making me suck harder and harder, until my mother
groaned in pain from my sucking. Once they got me to that level, they made me
suck each of her nipples, just like that, for ten minutes apiece, and when I
finally pulled off of each breast, her nipples were longer and harder than
they've probably been, since I was a baby sucking on them for my sustenance.

She was standing there, in just her pantyhose, panties and shoes. They made her
kick off her shoes and I had to pull, first her pantyhose and then her panties
off of her body. They then made her sit down in the big comfortable chair, with
her legs over the arms.  This left her spread wide, so wide that we all could
even see her pussy hole gaped wide open.

Next they made me get down on my knees, to eat her out. Since I had no clue as
to what to do, they made her instruct me what to do with my lips, tongue and
fingers, while she played with her own tits, as they looked on. As she started
to explain what I was looking at, using the scientific names for her body parts,
they stopped her, and told her to use the street names instead, and the dirtier
the better.

"You are looking at my pussy..."

"Yeah lady, it's a pussy, but for the moment, we want to hear the dirtier names,
like cunt and twat!" one of them interrupted her.

My mother blushed, but continued, "You are looking at my cunt." she said,
framing the area with her hands. "The two fleshy pieces of skin, on either side
of it are my cunt lips." and her blush deepened.

"Sex-ed 101." one of the men joked.

"The little bump at the top of my slit, is my clit, and the hole at the bottom
in my cunt hole. And the little hole, below my cunt, is my ass hole." she was
blushing very deeply now, as she finished giving me the tour of the most
intimate parts of her body.

"First stick you forefinger, into my ... cunt hole and move it in and out until
it's wet." she instructed as she began squeezing and fondling her own breasts
while tweaking her nipples.

I did as she had instructed me, and stuck my forefinger into her cunt. It didn't
take too long, with me moving it in and out of her hole, before it was coated
with her lubricant.

"Now take that finger, and rapidly flick against and over my clit, while you
take your other forefinger, and stick it into my cunt hole and do the same
thing." she instructed, her breath was already becoming ragged.

Again I did as she was instructing me. While flicking my already lubricated
finger over her clit, I fucked my other forefinger in and out of her cunt, and
again, it didn't take long at all, before it too was coated with her juices.

"Now bring your face to my cunt and do with your tongue, what you had just done
with your fingers, while you continue to flick my clit with the finger that you
had been doing it with, and stick the other finger into my ass hole, and move it
in and out as fast as you can." she told me. She was beet red with shame, both
from letting me just see her as naked as she was, as well as having to instruct
me on how to do these things to her, and letting me do them.  In addition, I
must have been doing them pretty good, as her breath had speeded up
considerably, and she was gasping, moaning and jerking, under my touch.

At the time I put my mouth to her pussy, it hadn't dawned on me that she peed
from that part of her body, after all, I was only 13.  I didn't even know that
men did this, as regular part of the sex ritual, or even have a clue as to what
it would taste like.  At first, I wasn't enamored with the taste.  It wasn't
bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it either.

As I diligently ate my mother out, teased her clit and finger fucked her ass, it
was obvious, even to a person as inexperienced about sex as I was, that my
mother was really enjoying my ministrations. After maybe five minutes of me
doing these things to her, while she worked on her own tits, she came.  It
started with her whole body beginning to tremble. Then as her tremors became
stronger, the juices flowing from her pussy became rivers, and I had to lick and
swallow rapidly to keep up with her. Finally she squealed in joy.  Her pussy
spasmed around my tongue and she actually squirted her juices, into my mouth,
then collapsed from exhaustion.

The three men couldn't wait to get at her, and pushed me out of their way. They
dragged my mothers limp body from the chair, laid her on the floor, and then,
one after the other, they fucked her, making me watch up close as they raped my
mother. I say rape, because if they hadn't threatened us, my mother never would
have had sex with them. She told me later, that because she didn't want them to
hurt either of us, she cooperated fully, and even participated in her own
degradation. Today, I know that by her participating, she actually got enjoyment
from their raping her, but back then, I was so naive, I didn't understand that.

Back then, I already had a seven inch long cock, that was on the thicker side as
average, and used my cock size, as a gage to guess the size of the other cocks
that fucked my mother. The first man to mount her, had a cock, that I'll guess
to be eight inches, making it longer than my cock was back then, but it was a
rather thin cock too, thinner than mine. He made her spread her legs wide apart,
then pushed her knees back until her knee caps were on either side of her chest,
right near her huge tits.

He grabbed his cock, as my mother held herself open for him, and lined it up
with her cunt hole. Then in one quick movement, his entire cock was inside of my
mother's cunt, and she gasped in shock from the sudden entry. He didn't wait a
second, as he was quickly pounding his prick in and out of her cunt, while he
leaned down and sucked one nipple into his mouth. I could see his prick entering
and pulling out of my mother's cunt, glistening with her juices. This man was
the one who lasted the longest, as he rapidly shoved his cock in and out of her
pussy. My mother came twice, shaking and squealing in delight, before he finally
dumped his load into her. As soon as he finished, he pulled out, and the next
man mounted her.

He was the biggest of the three by far, his cock was almost twice as long as
mine, so I guessed him to be eleven or twelve inches long, and also his cock was
twice as thick as mine.  I noticed that he had been erect for quite some time,
before sticking it into my mother's pussy. She groaned and moaned, in pain, as
he really stretched her tight pussy out, but then, she came at the same time as
he did. Today, with what I know, I suspect that she must have been on the edge
of another orgasm, and the feel of his cum, squirting inside of her, set her
off.

The last man had a pretty average length cock. As it was a little shorter than
mine, I guessed him to have six inches, and it was a little thicker than mine.
He too, had been hard for a long time, watching me warm her up and the other two
fucking her, and like the second man, he too came pretty quickly, but this time,
my mother didn't cum.

Then the shock of all shocks came, they wanted me to fuck her too. For some
strange reason, as soon as they told me that, my cock, which had been rock hard
as I watched the three of them raping my mother, wilted. They made my mother
suck me back into full erection. My mother took my cock, grasping it at the
base, and licked all around it. Damn, that did feel good, but I felt guilty
about it, because I knew that I shouldn't be having sex with my own mother. She
then opened her mouth, and took my cock into her oral cavity and began bobbing
her head up and down on my prick, while licking it with her tongue. She then
removed her hand from my cock, as she continued bobbing up and down on it, and
began playing with my balls, squeezing them gently and tickling them. Although I
tried not to get hard, even though this had been a major fantasy over the past
year that I masturbated to, she had me rock hard again in a very short time.

They then made her get back into the position that she had been when they raped
her, and made me move up between her wide spread legs, just like they had done.
Then they made her take my cock and bring the head of my cock right up to her
cunt hole. They told me that if I didn't fuck her really good, that they'd cut
my balls off. My mother looked me in the eyes, and told me that it was OK to
fuck her, that she hoped that I did a better job of making love to her than the
three rapist had.

With her approval to do it, I sunk my dick into my own mother's cunt and fucked
her for all I was worth. I remember thinking about how good it felt, to have her
hot, wet pussy, all around my cock. She had a very talented pussy too. It
relaxed and opened up for me, each time that I plunged into her and grasped me
tightly in it's velvety grip each time that I withdrew. I tried to emulate the
first guy, fucking her as fast as I could, but like the last two guys, I didn't
last very long, and added my seed to their's. Right as I began squirting my baby
making sperm into my own mother's womb, she began trembling and squealing out in
joy. I had given my own mother an orgasm and we climaxed blissfully together,
then I collapsed on top of her, totally spent.

After a couple minutes, to catch my breath, my shriveled prick already having
fallen out of her, I started to get up, but they made my mother suck my cock
back to full erection again, even though it was covered with our combined
juices, plus the cum of the three rapist. Again my mother took my cock lovingly
into her mouth, and after licking off all of the juices, sucked me back to
erection.

This time, they didn't want me to fuck her, but rather her to fuck me. They made
me lay down on my back and made her straddle my hips. She reached between us,
and lined up my cock with her cunt. She then went down on me and was quickly
riding my cock like she was one of those horses on a carousel, only much faster.
They made her lock her hands behind her neck, and then made me play with her
huge tits while she rode me.

They told her that they wanted her fucking me faster, and even if I came inside
of her, not to stop fucking me until they told her to stop or my prick got soft
and fell out of her. We did as they commanded. Even though I had already cum
once, just minutes ago, inside of her, it didn't take long for me to cum again,
inside of my beautiful mother, between the feeling of her pussy riding my prick
and my hands working on her tits.

When I was on top, after blasting my seed into her pussy, I stopped, but with
her riding me, and instructed not to stop or slow down, my prick never had a
chance to shrink, and stayed hard through another three squirts. Remember I was
only 13 at the time, and teenaged boys have remarkable staying and recuperative
abilities. Anyway, they had her riding my prick for a full thirty minutes,
before allowing her to stop, and get off of my still erect prick.

It was at this time, that I saw the movie camera for the first time, and
realized that they had captured the whole thing on film. How embarrassing to
know that there was a film out there showing me stripping my mother, warming her
up so that three strangers could fuck her, the three strangers fucking her, then
her sucking me off twice and me fucking her then her fucking me. I was ready to
die of embarrassment, and hoped that no one I knew, ever saw this film.

But our degradation wasn't over just yet. They then made me lick and suck all of
the cum, their three loads and my own four loads, out of her pussy. My mother
was again made to lay on her back, legs spread wide apart and pulled back to her
chest. As I began licking and sucking, they told me to make her cum too, while I
cleaned her out. Talk about disgusting, I was made to swallow all that cum and
my mother's juices as she wiggled and squirmed on the end of my tongue and
fingers.

When I finished cleaning her pussy out, four more members of their gang showed
up, with pizzas for all of us to eat. They made my mother and I stay naked and
eat on the floor, while they all sat around our small table, laughing and
joking. After the short respite for dinner, the four new men each took their
turns with my mother. This time they made her get on her hands and knees. The
new guys took her from behind, while the three guys who had already fucked her
made her suck them off.

As the evening progressed, more and more gang members showed up and used my
mom's luscious, sexy body right before my very own eyes. She was made to take
them on in all sorts of positions, and they used all three of her holes. They
mainly took her on two at a time, one in either her pussy or ass hole, and one
in her mouth. Occasionally they took her in all three holes at the same time and
a few times she had to take one in her pussy and one in her ass, without another
cock in her mouth. I went to bed around midnight, but I could still hear them
using her all night long.

When I got up the next morning, there were still several gang members around,
most of them asleep. Mom looked freshly showered, and was wearing stockings, not
pantyhose, so I knew that they must have provided them, and high heeled shoes.
The heels were so high, that I knew that they too, must have been provided by
the gang members. The other weird thing was that my mom had make-up on that made
her look whorish. Her finger and toe nails were painted in a deep-bright red,
and her lipstick matched it perfectly. Her cheeks had a red glow to them from
the rouge, and her eyelids were painted a light blue with black lines just above
her eyelashes. The eyelashes themselves had been brushed out to make them look
both thicker and longer. Then it hit me, her pussy was shaved, she no longer had
that thick black bush between her legs anymore.

She fixed me breakfast and got me ready for school. As I ate, she told me that I
had to promise her that I would say nothing to anyone about what was happening
in our apartment, as our very lives depended on it, and I promised her that I
wouldn't.

Although I didn't personally see it for three weeks, until after school let out
for the summer, as soon as I left, they took her to a gym to work out and get
her body in better shape as they turned her into a prostitute. Every day she
would do an aerobic workout, then spend twenty minutes each, on a stair master,
a rowing machine and a life cycle. Then she would alternate between different
equipment on different days, one day her upper body and one day her lower body.

They made her wear a tight, probably a size or two too small, revealing leotard,
that looked like it was really designed to be used at home in the privacy of
one's bedroom, rather than at a public, coed gym. The tops of her huge breasts
spilled out of the top of the leotard, and although her areolas and nipples were
covered by it, you could easily see them right through the material. It was high
cut, and exposed most of her naked ass cheeks, and the material was also pulled
tightly between the cheeks, making it look even more lewd and obscene. But the
worse part of all, was the thin strip that ran between her legs, it wasn't wide
enough to fully cover her crotch, and by the end of her first thirty minutes of
exercising, her hot pussy sucked what little material there was into it,
exposing her hairless pussy lips.

After her exercising, she had to put on the skimpiest bikini that you could ever
imagine and then go sit in a coed whirlpool for twenty to thirty minutes, before
showering up. She had to sit in the whirlpool, with her legs spread apart and
her arms spread wide on the coping around the whirlpool, fully exposing her
charms. The bikini itself, was a tiny string bikini, whose top was basically two
small triangles that barely covered her areolas, though you could easily see
them through the wide knit material, and it also allowed her long, thick nipples
to poke through the holes. The bottom was even worse, there was a very, very
small triangle, just above her slit, then it literally became a string, which
was drawn through her slit, and up between the cheeks of her ass, until it
clipped onto the string encircling her waist. From behind, it virtually looked
like she was naked.

But the really bad part of the whirlpool was that she couldn't shoo away the
many hands that were constantly fondling her almost naked body, and occasionally
even poking into her cunt. Her instructions were that she had to sit there and
allow anyone, male or female to take whatever liberties with her body that they
wanted.

When she got home from the gym, several of the gang members would be there,
waiting for her, and they'd fuck her anyway they wanted, until about three in
the afternoon. At three, she'd have to shower again, and do her make-up, then
get dressed in a revealing dress. Translated, that meant, very low cut so that
her naked breasts were exposed to just above her areolas, and a skirt so short,
that as she walked, her naked, hairless pussy would be peek out. Her street
walking outfit was finished off with sheer, thigh high stockings, that held
themselves up and open toed, four to five inch high heeled shoes.

To insure that she wore only the appropriate slutty clothes of a street walker,
they packed up all of her clothes, other than a few nice dresses and one sexy,
half cup bra, so that we could go to church on Sundays. Other than that, all of
her clothes, which they had packed up, including all of her panties and bras,
were donated to charity. Oh they did let her keep her coats, for when it got
cold or when it was raining, but other than that all of her old clothes, were
gone, replaced by new, revealing, sexy ones.

Then she had to walk, up and down the street, right in front of our apartment,
trolling for men, who would pay her to have sex with her. Unless a particular
man insisted on driving around, while she sucked him off in his car, she would
bring them up to our apartment, and screw them right in her own bed. Usually,
there were two or three gang members in our apartment at all times, to collect
the fee for her services and to insure that none of her clients beat her up.

Imagine my surprise that first day when I came home from school, and saw my
mother walking down the street, her unsupported, huge tits bouncing and jiggling
and her naked pussy peeking out from under her skirt with each step that she
took.  Just before I reached her, a man pulled up to the curb, and called her
over to his car. My mother sexily, walked over to him and leaned in the window,
which pulled her skirt way up in back, revealing her naked ass and cunt.
Evidently they agreed on terms, as he turned off the car, came around and they
walked into our building.

I slowed my pace, so that I wouldn't be in their way. By the time that I did get
up to our apartment, they were in her room, and from the sound of things fucking
up a storm. I could hear the bed springs squeaking and my mother groaning and
moaning. Her voice became more urgent and just as the man grunted out loudly,
signaling that he was cuming inside of her, I heard my mother squeal in delight,
but it was faked, as I knew what she sounded like when she truly came. I would
later find out, that she rarely, if ever, had an orgasm with one of her 'dates'.

He left right away, and she went to the bathroom to clean up a little before
going back out. As she came out of her room, she told me to get on to my
homework, and then she went back down to try and pick up another man.

That night, her first as a prostitute, she seemed to pick up men like a magnet.
Almost as soon as she went downstairs, she was back up with another man, and
they made her keep this up until midnight, with a short break for dinner, which
they brought in, allowing us to sit at the table with them and eat. After her
last client had left, about 12:30 in the morning, they woke me up and took me to
my mother's room. She looked ragged, having been up all night the night before
fucking the gang members, then working out for the first time today and turning
tricks since the late afternoon. Her sheets were still wet from the last clients
cum and they made me get undressed. Then they made me fuck my mother again, and
after I added my load, to the numerous other loads which had been deposited
there today, I had to clean her out with my mouth again, licking up and
swallowing most of the cum in her pussy. I was then allowed to go back to bed,
while the three gang members fucked my mother again and again and again, late
into the night.

This was the first time that I had fucked and eaten my mother out, since they
made her shave her pussy bald. While I didn't notice much, if any, of a
difference, when I fucked her, it was definitely different when I ate her out,
there were no hairs in the way, and I didn't end up with any hairs in my mouth
when I was finished. I also have to admit, that it made her pussy look sexier
with no hair hiding it, as I could easily see her fat pussy lips and deep gash.

The rest of the week pretty much was a repeat of the first day. The first change
came on Sunday, when after she went and worked out at the gym, we got dressed
and went to church. My mother broke down crying, as we sat there in church. She
told me how horrible things were for her now, but that I had to be brave, and
that we had to play along with them, until she could figure out how we could get
away from these monsters. I told her that I would, and I did as she asked me to
do.

On the average weekday, she would fuck or suck ten to twelve men a day for
money, and another half a dozen of the gang members, who by now were almost all
taking her in the ass, as most of her clients didn't want to pay for the
privilege of fucking her tight ass hole, and then making her suck their cock
clean. On the weekend, both numbers doubled.

School let out, and for the first time, I was now home all day, every day. I was
forced to watch her degrade herself, sometimes a client would even pay extra, to
have me warm her up first, either by eating her to an orgasm, or watching me
fuck my own mother, which turned a lot of them own, and they didn't mind getting
sloppy seconds, not after a young teen just fucked his own mother while they
watched. It really made me sad, to see my own mother forced to do these things,
but I was too young then to do anything about it, and frightened that if I tried
to do anything, that they'd kill us.

My birthday is in the middle of June, and my mother, being a typical mother,
begged them to allow her to throw me a birthday party. At first they said no,
but then the leader of the gang decided to let her do it, but I was only allowed
to invite boys, no girls to my party. I invited a dozen of my friends from
school, and the gang members went out and got all the things that we would need
for a teenagers birthday party, including hot dogs, cake, ice cream and soda.

It wasn't until an hour before the party was to begin, that the leader of the
gang informed my mother that she was to be the entertainment for the party and
that she would dress in a black, cupless bra, a black silk and lace garter belt,
holding up sheer black stockings and a pair of black six inch, high heeled
shoes. It was the first time since this nightmare began, that I saw my mother
turn pale and almost feint. He had told her that she would be having sex with
each of my friends, in each of her orifices, and that she would tell them that
they could come over at any time and fuck her again.

She couldn't believe that he would do such a thing to her and I felt, at the
time, that it was even worse for me.  I mean, although these were my twelve
closest friends from school, but you know teenaged boys, the word of my mother's
availability would soon be all over the neighborhood and then all over the
school, and I'd have to live with that shame. Sure my mother had to let all of
these men fuck her, and me too, but other than myself, who was also living in
this nightmare, she didn't personally know these men before, whereas I knew all
twelve of these boys. I also knew, that since six of them were the youngest in
their families, that their older brothers, and maybe even their fathers, would
soon be climbing my mother's bones.

Someone knocked on the door, and my mother was ordered to show them in, and to
ask them, "What do you think of my tits and pussy?" and she had to allow them to
paw her, if they felt like it.

It was Benjy. Before today, he had been my closest friend, but now that my
mother had been turned into a whore, we wouldn't be that close any more. He took
one look at my mother, standing before him naked, and asking what he thought of
her tits and pussy, and he was all over her. He bent his head down and sucked on
her nipple, while using his free hands to play with her other tit and her pussy.
He wasn't even being gentle, either. He was cruelly pinching her other nipple,
and fingering her cunt with all four of his fingers, as fast as he could. My
poor mother had to stand there, with the door still open, and allow him to abuse
her like that, even spreading her legs wider, to give him better access to her
pussy because otherwise it hurt her too much.

I was devastated. That scene was basically repeated as each of my 'friends'
showed up for my party. Of course, they didn't know that we were hostages in our
own apartment, and thought that my mom was just being cool, and teaching them
about sex, first hand.

After they all arrived, we had lunch, hot dogs, potato chips and soda. Then it
was game time, and the first game was called, Pin the Dildo on the Whore. The
leader of the gang, the only gang member there that afternoon, made my mother
stand against the wall, in a spread eagle position. Then, one at a time, we were
blindfolded and handed, a paper dildo with a pin through it. We were spun around
several times, and pointed in the general direction of my mother. We had to hold
our paper dildos out in front of us, and stick them into my mother, the one
closest to her pussy would win a free show at the local movie theater, via a
complimentary pass that they had acquired.

Thirteen times my mom gasped, then wailed in pain, as the pin was pushed into
her body, but she stood there and allowed us to do it. Most of the dildos ended
up pinned to her huge tits, several in her areolas or nipples. I was close, but
Bobby was closer, and won the prize. My mom was then allowed to pull the pins
out of her body, which was almost as painful as when they were pushed into her.

Then she had to begin servicing us, and since I was the birthday boy, I had to
fuck her first, right in front of all of my friends on my own mattress, which
had been dragged out of my room and placed in the middle of the living room.  I
had to strip naked, in front of my friends, and to my horror, I was hard as a
rock, having just watched my friends use my mother's body as a pin cushion, and
taking other liberties with her naked body, once they had pressed the long,
sharp pins into her, combined with my own degenerate memories of just how good
my mother's pussy felt as I fucked her over the past many weeks.  My friends
kidded me about how hard I was, over the thought of fucking my own mother, but
the leader of the gang, wanted us to get on with it, as time was getting short.

He made my mother lay down on the mattress with her legs spread wide and her
knees pulled back to her chest, so that she was exposing her wide gaping fuck
holes to everyone in the room.  As I had yet to fuck her in her ass, that's
where he wanted me to fuck her today. He made me stroke my cock in her pussy a
few times, just to get it well lubricated with her fuck juices. Then he made me
pull out and stick it into her ass. I had thought that her pussy was really hot
and tight, but her pussy was luke warm and loose as a goose, compared to her
ass, which was one hot, tight, fuck hole. Even though I was fairly well
experienced now in fucking, as I was forced to fuck my mother two and three
times a day, in addition to having her suck me off several times more, I wasn't
able to last that long inside of her really hot, tight ass.

After I came in her butt, she was made to get on her hands and knees, so that
while one of them fucked either her cunt or ass from behind, she could clean and
suck on the filthy cock that had just been fucking her. She was forced to ask
each of my friends which hole they wanted to fuck her in. Then she had to take
their erect cock, and press the head, into the selected orifice, before they
began fucking her, and I had to watch the whole degrading thing, watching as
each of my friends either fucked her ass or cunt, and then fucked her face.

When she finished sucking off the last guy, I was made to lay down on my back,
for her to mount and ride me, while all of my friends watched. I was forced to
put my butt, down in the wet spot, right under where she had taken on all of my
friends. My cock was only semi-hard, so the leader made my mother suck me back
to erection. When I was fully hard again, she straddled my hips, with a foot on
either side, grasped my cock, aiming it for her cum drenched pussy, and slid
down onto my cock. With her hands locked behind her neck, and her arms out
straight to the sides, she began raising and lowering her cunt on my prick, as
she held herself in perfect posture.

She began slowly, making sure that I felt every slight movement on my prick. As
she began to pick up speed, her huge tits began to jiggle, and by the time she
was fucking me for all she was worth, they were flopping around and swaying on
her chest, much to my friends amusement. She was instructed not to stop fucking
me, until I had cum three more times inside of her, which took almost thirty
minutes, before I could blast my fourth load in less than two hours into my
mother's body. By this point, as had been the case the last time that they had
forced her to fuck me for so long, my cock wouldn't get soft, and stayed steel
like hard.

It was time to have cake and ice cream. My mother brought out the cake and ice
cream and lit the candles, as my friends sang Happy Birthday to me. She was then
instructed to sit on my lap, with my still rock hard cock up her cum slickened
ass, while the gang leader cut the cake and served everyone, and I had to play
with her tits, as all of my friends looked on.

When everyone was finished eating, the gang leader said, "I hope you boys know
how to keep a secret. As long as you don't tell anyone, other than your brothers
and fathers, and even them, you must keep this secret in the strictest of
confidence, any time you see Korantak's mother Seema, out on the street,
peddling her ass, you can ask her to fuck you, and she will take you up to the
apartment here and let you fuck her. Now while you can tell your father's and
brother's, since they are older, they will have to pay for her services, but
they will get a family discount and only have to pay half of her going rate.
Seema's going to go over to the door now, to see you off, and anyone who wants
one last go at her today, can fuck her on your way out."

Of course with that kind of offer, what teenaged boy wouldn't accept, and
everyone of my friends had another fuck with my mother as she bent over,
allowing them to fuck her from behind. After each fuck, she was forced to lick
their cocks clean, and then hug them, pressing their faces between her huge
naked tits while they fondled her. As I said, I was never more embarrassed in my
entire life, either before or since.

About two hours after everyone had left, my mother's period came, the second
since we had been held hostages in our own apartment.  Just like the first time,
she was not allowed to insert nor remove her own Tampex, I had to do the honors.
I tore the paper off of the applicator and took it out. Then, with my mother
standing with her legs spread apart, I had to kneel down right in front of her.
Looking up right into her cunt, I pressed the applicator into her, and while
holding the tampon into her cunt, I pulled the applicator out of her cunt,
covered with her blood. This was ever more disgusting than eating her out, with
her cunt filled with strange men's cum. The only thing worse, was when I had to
change her tampons, and first had to pull the used, bloody one out of her cunt,
before inserting a fresh one. For the next week, she could only have clients
that were willing to accept a blow job only, or were willing to pay the freight
to fuck her in the ass, which was quite a lot of money for most people.

Several of my former 'friends' seemed to come over there almost daily, making my
mother suck their cocks and her letting them fuck her ass and cunt while playing
with her tits, and when any of them did show up to use her, I was forced to sit
in the same room and watch them use and abuse her. Although my mother was always
kind to them, some of them were very abusive to her, painfully twisting her
nipples and calling her all sorts of dirty names. One day, I couldn't take it
anymore, and pulled Bobby off of her and hit him in the face. The gang members
separated us, and told him that while he would still be able to come over and
use her, that he had to learn to handle it like a man, not a little boy, or he
wouldn't be allowed to come over anymore. The word quickly spread to my other
'friends', who were also using my mother on a regular basis, and they seemed to
calm down as they all stopped calling her names, at least not in front of me.

As the summer dragged on, my mother seemed to start having a lot of regulars,
guys who would buy her time anywhere from once every other week, to two or three
times a week, in addition to her new customers. I guess the regularity of seeing
her being turned into a real whore, made me numb to it, and as time went on, it
didn't bother me so much.

My mother had also been pretty lucky, because the neighborhood was so bad, and
wasn't known as a place where a lot of prostitutes hung out, she had never been
arrested. But then in mid- August, she was picked up by the police. The gang
members saw her being arrested and called for a bail bondsman to go down to the
precinct and get her out.

My mom went along with the police quietly and looked like she was not making any
trouble, but once the car was out of the neighborhood, she told the police
everything, about how the gang had grabbed me and jumped her as soon as she came
home and how she was forced to quit her job, so that she could prostitute
herself for them, and all the humiliating things that we had both been forced to
do.

They put together a tactical force, to get me free, and held the bail bondsman
incommunicado, until they had me, locking him into a room, and confiscating his
cell phone. The police came up the back entrance and broke the door down,
entering the apartment with their guns drawn. There were only three members
there that day, and they were secreted out the back, their hands handcuffed
behind their backs and their mouths gagged, so they couldn't get a message to
the others.

As the day wore on and became night, more and more of the gang members were
picked up, arrested on multiple charges for kidnaping, slavery, forced
prostitution, contributing to the delinquency of a minor, and several others
that I no longer even remember. They caught all twenty-four members of the gang,
twenty that day and the other four the next day. After we testified at their
trial, along with all twelve of my former 'friends' all twenty-four of them were
sent away for periods ranging from fifty years, for those two who testified
against the others, to one hundred and fifty years for their leader.

Our story was carried on national TV, without our pictures being shown. All
sorts of donations poured in, and even though we had already relocated, because
you never know who might try to seek revenge. Without even meeting my mother,
people paid to have her trained for a really good paying job, which she now
enjoys, and we ended up with enough money, to support us while she went back to
school, get a new, albeit small house, pay for my college education, at a state
college of course, and mom ended up with a nice nest egg, which she could use
for emergencies, or her eventual retirement years.

Although it seems that everything ended storybook like, you know, happily ever
after and all, but the experience changed us, both of us.  It turns out that
even after we appeared to be safe and sound, my mother admitted to me that while
she didn't totally enjoy prostituting herself like she was, that she did enjoy
the endless stream of pricks fucking her.  So a month after we moved into our
new apartment, in a different city, I moved into her bedroom, and began fucking
her every chance that I got. I also arranged for her to be gang banged every
Friday and Saturday night, inviting at least a dozen guys over, making me very
popular with all the boys in school. But unlike before, she doesn't walk around
naked, like some low life whore. She does however, wear very revealing clothing,
with no panties and a very small, partial cup bras, that maybe covers only half
of the bottoms of her huge tits.

The End (unless I get enough response, to continue telling about what my mother
& my life has been like, since.)
******************************************************************************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted E. Bear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





