BDSM Library - 'Frisco




'Frisco
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He kidnaps her, rapes her and torments her. But when it's time to let her go.....
                                 'Frisco


    She was kneeling in front of his chair, her knees widespread, her firm,
young body bent backwards, her arms behind her, forcing her taut, white breasts
to thrust out from her heaving chest. Her long, blonde hair was in disarray, and
beneath it her black silk blindfold could be seen. Her knees bore signs of
rugburn, and a thick slime was oozing from her hairless cunt. A splatter of cum,
his cum, was dripping from her tits. He smiled down at her. He had just
witnessed her fuck his dog, a carnal display of animal lust that so excited him, 
he had ejaculated on her chest before he could get his cock into her mouth. The
dog was across the room, licking it's receeding organ, and he had just taken her
from her position on all fours to the position she was in now. She was still
breathing heavily, her face a deep red that burned with shame. The unnatural
union was the culmination of a week of lustfull acts commited on her young body,
commited almost hourly during this past week that he had owned her. Well,
posessed her, really. He didn't actually own her, he had kidnapped her. He
smiled at her shame, feeling his cock stirring again. His cock ached. He had cum
more times in the past week than he had in probably the last three or four
years. To have a young captive at his mercy, to be able to enact all of his
brutal fantasies, was exciting beyond belief, and he had not been wasting any
time. He knew he would have to let her go eventually, and he was going to make
sure he did everything he had ever wanted to do to a captive female.

  He had stumbled upon her quite by accident. He was checking on a rental house
he owned in the East Bay,  and he was passing the Greyhound bus station when the
teen's thumb shot out.  He pulled over on a whim and she ran up to his car. He
smiled at her,

   "Where ya headed?", he asked.

  "I'm trying to get to 'Frisco" she said. He inwardly winced. People from San
Francisco hated hearing it called 'Frisco.

  "Far out, that's right where I'm going", he said, "hop in!"  She threw a
backpack into the backseat as she opened the door and sat down. He looked in the
rear view mirror as he pulled away from the curb. Noone around

  "Good thing I came along", he said, "lotta weirdos around this part of town."

  "You got that right", she said, "I've only been in Oakland a day and I can't
wait to get outta here. I hear 'Frisco's cool though."

  "Yeah, I've been there a couple of times, on business, that's what I'm doing
now", he lied. "I live in Tracy, way east of here, out in the sticks.  You got
friends in, um, 'Frisco?", he asked.

  "Nah, not really. I just hitched down from Seattle, but I know a gal that came
down a few weeks ago. She said she'll be hanging around the Park. I'll find
her."

  His mind was racing  as he checked her out. Dirty Levis, low on her hips and
full of holes, a thin top that exposed her belly, and her pierced belly-button.
Her skin looked warm and soft. She was wearing a black Oakland Raider's
windbreaker in the foggy, chilly night.

  He pulled onto the approach of the Bay Bridge as he hatched his plan.

  "Hey, tell ya what. I've gotta get a motel room tonight. Wouldn't mind a bit
if you want to crash there. I could take you to the Park tomorrow so you can
look for your girlfriend. He smiled at her.

  She gave him a long look

  "No funny stuff", he laughed, "I'll get twin beds if you want."

  "Yeah,  well that might be cool, but don't get any ideas!", she said.

  "Nah, you can trust me, I'm harmless", he laughed. He already had plenty of
ideas. 

 He could see her relax. "So, what's your name, anyway." she asked.

   "Um, Gary," he said. "Gary Cooper, like the movie star."

   "Never heard of him," she replied. "I'm Tina."

  "Good to meet you Tina", he said, and he took her small, soft hand and shook
it. 

   He pulled into a Motel Six a few blocks from his house, and pulled into a
parking place, far from the office. He requested a ground floor room, and signed
the register Mr. and Mrs. Gary Cooper with a sardonic smile, and laid out the
$38.50 in cash. It only took a minute.

   He opened the door to the room. "See, twin beds, like I told ya!" he said
cheerfully. She was obviously relieved. He smiled again. She had probably fucked
every pimply-faced kid from here to Seattle, but he had to play this just right.
She threw her backpack on a bed, walked over and turned on the tv. He was still
standing in the doorway.

  "Go ahead and use the shower", he said. "I'll grab us some burgers," and
before she could say a word he was closing the door. He raced to his house,
grabbed a suitcase and threw in the items he thought he might need. A few
lengths of clothesline, a roll of duct tape, some rags.  As an afterthought he
took the collar off of his German Sheperd, and grabbed his leash too. He threw
some of his underwear and a few T shirts on top of the items and closed up the
case. As he passed by his wet-bar he stopped again,  re-opened the case and
threw in a bottle of bourbon and a few cans of 7-Up. 'Every little bit helps,'
he thought, and he was off to McDonalds.

  She was in the shower when he got back, and he opened his case and put his
items under the pillows of his bed. He grabbed the ice bucket and filled it up
at the machine down the hall.

The bathroom door opened. "Glad I had a clean shirt left," she said. She had on
a plain white T shirt that came down to mid thigh. She was obviously naked
underneath it.

  "Wow," he said, "you look great." And she did. Her nipples started to get
erect in the cool room. 'Goddamn,' he thought as he stared, 'she's got nipple
rings in her tits.' She sat down at the small table, giving him a flash of white
ass-cheek before she pulled the shirt back down. They wolfed down the burgers,
and he started to make himself a drink.

  "Cocktail, Tina? he asked.

  "Oh, fuck yes," the little cock-tease replied. He grabbed his glass and sat on
the edge of his bed.  She stayed in her chair, fiddling with the remote control,
crossing and re-crossing her legs, giving him quite a show. He made them another
drink, and then another.  He sat on the edge of the bed, and she was backing up
between the beds, changing channels. She stopped with her back to him, the shirt
hanging on her naked body like a short tent, just inches away.  He reached under
the pillow, a hand on the rope. With the other hand he reached under her shirt
and stroked her thigh; it was now or never.

  "Oh, Gary, that feels good. I thought maybe you didn't like me," she cooed. He
smiled. He had planned on taking her outright, but,  'what the fuck,' he
thought, 'no harm in sampling the goods first.'

  She turned and stood between his knees, her hands on his head, as he stroked
his hands up her thighs, cupping her ass cheeks and squeezing them. She moaned
when he slid a hand up her inner thigh to her moist crotch. 'Goddamn,' he
thought again, 'her cunt's shaved!' His probing finger found her slit, and sure
enough, the little slut had a ring in her clit hood, and he played with it, her
cunt moistening as she twisted on his finger.  He stood up, grabbing the bottom
of her shirt, and lifted it off of her. Damn, she was gorgeous, the body of an
athlete. He paused long enough to suck each of her nipples into his mouth, his
teeth gently clamping around the nipple rings, tugging on them. She moaned
again, and he pulled her around and laid her down. He quickly got naked, and she
lifted her knees and spread them as he crawled up between them. He spread her
sopping, teen-aged cuntlips apart with his thumbs, and inserted his cock-head.
She gasped as he slid it into her, her long legs wrapping around his back as he
began to fuck her. She was close to cumming, and he pulled a piece of the rope
out from under the pillow. He was on his knees, still firmly implanted in her
sucking, young cunt.

  "Give me your hands," he said. She opened her eyes, gave him a wicked smile,
and put her wrists together in front of her, and he looped the rope around them,
securing them tightly. He held her bound wrists above her head, and continued to
fuck the girl, and they were both groaning in their mutual orgasms. He laid on
top of her, her cunt still grasping his cock in spasms. She opened her eyes at
the sound of the ripping duct tape. She opened her mouth to say something, and
he shoved a rag in her mouth and slapped a piece of duct tape across it. Her
eyes widened in terror and she brought her bound wrists down as if to hit him in
the head. He simply tucked them down between their two bodies, reached around
behind his back and grabbed one of her kicking feet. He slid it up to where,
with her knee bent, he could reach it, and secured a rope to her ankle. He
pulled her wrists out from under him and secured the ankle rope to the one that
bound her wrists. The rest was easy. He got off of her, her one un-bound leg
kicking at him, and he grabbed it and secured it the same way.

  She had tears streaming down her face and she was blowing snot out of her
nose, trying to breathe. He took a tissue from the bathroom and cleaned her
face, smoothing her hair, talking softly, telling her to calm down.

 "It's ok, Tina, it's ok. Everything's ok, relax now." She calmed down to where
she could breathe, but her eyes were still wide in fear.

  "We're going to have some fun, Tina. Well, I am anyway. If you co-operate
completely, I'll let you go when I'm done. Do you understand, Tina?" he asked.

  She nodded quickly.

"Good, good. 'Cause if you don't, I'll hurt you terribly. Understand?" Again the
girl nodded frantically. Now, just so we understand each other, I'll give you a
taste of what's to come."  He flipped her over on the bed, her hands trussed up
against her tits, her knees up close to her tied hands. He could hear her
sucking air through her nose as he pulled his belt from his pants on the floor.

  "Spread your knees, Tina, as wide as you can."  She didn't move and the belt
struck her in the middle of the crack of her ass. He saw her ass clench as the
pain registered, and she rolled to her side, pleading with her eyes.

   "Bad girl, Tina. Bad girl." He rolled her back onto her knees. "Now, spread
those fucking knees, slut.  She spread them as far as the rope would allow.

 "Much better, Tina. Now, I'm going to give you ten more, Tina. If you roll over
again, or try to put your knees together, you get ten more, and we'll keep doing
it 'till you get it right. Got it?"  She nodded her head, and he could see her
tensing for the blows. Ten stinging blows of the belt followed, all of them
along the cleft of her perfect little ass. She crouched there, taking it,
straining to not close her knees. Kneeling behind her on the bed, he laid the
belt across her back, then got between her spread knees, fingering her cunt,
already wet from their earlier fuck, now exuding fresh slime as she squirmed on
his finger, trying to relieve the stinging in her ass.

  "Good girl, Tina." He grabbed her hair and pulled it back, pulling it tightly,
inserting his rock hard cock into her. Her hot, wet silkiness was unbelievable,
and he was in her to the hilt. He leaned over her back and whispered in her ear,

  "Whipping you excites me, Tina,"  His cock was so hard he thought it would
explode as he fucked into the moaning girl. "Oh, yes, I'm going to whip you
many, many times." He let go of her hair and pushed her shoulders down into the
bed, fucking her savagely. He felt her cumming, and as he shot into her,  her
cunt was squirting and farting as it sucked his cock in orgasmic spasms. He
pulled out of her, scooping the cum that dripped from her, and rubbed it on her
burning ass cheeks.

  "Oh, you liked that, didn't you slut?"  She nodded her head again, afraid of
not answering. "Good, that will make it much easier for you in the next few
days."

  Days? she thought, fucking days? Oh, god no, she must not have heard him
right, he said he would let her go, he can't keep her for days. He rolled her
onto her back, and let her blow her nose, and wiped the tears from her eyes. He
got dressed.

  "Here's the deal, fuck toy. I'm going to untie your legs. If you fight me in
any way, I'll tie you up and whip you all night." He looked down at her, she
nodded, and he smiled. He untied her legs, leaving her wrists bound. He then
tied a three foot piece of rope between her ankles; enough to let her walk, but
not run.  He stood her up. He put two small rags on a piece of duct tape and
taped it around her head, the rags firmly in her eye sockets.

  "Now, if you're good, I'll take the tape off when we get where we're going. If
you're not..". .he left the statement unfinished. She stood there naked,
listening to him as he moved around the room, stuffing her clothes and bathroom
things into his suitcase, the bottles, the glasses, the duct tape and leftover
rope, everything. He took some tissue and wiped  the inside doorknob with it. He
picked up the dog collar and buckled it around her neck, and using the last
hole, it just fit. He clipped the leash to the collar and stood there for a
moment, admiring his prize. The only item left in the room was her Raider
jacket, hung over the back of a chair.  He put it around her shoulders, snapping
it up the front, letting the leash dangle from the space between the top two
buttons. Extinguishing all the lights in the room, he opened the door with a
tissue. She could feel the cool, wet night air, and she shivered. He looked
outside. It was a typical summer night in San Francisco, everything enveloped in
a blanket of cold, grey fog. The lights of the office were just a hazy glow in
the distance. He saw no other people as he stepped to the car, opening the
passenger side door, sliding the seat all the way back. He stepped back into the
dark room, took the leash, and told her,

   "This way cunt, we're getting in the car."  She shuffled out to the tug of
the leash, the pavement ice-cold on her bare feet. He stopped her at the open
car door.

  "Lean in and put your elbows on the seat."  He guided her elbows down until
they touched the seat, then grabbed her ankles and lifted her legs into the car,
turning her to face the seat. She was kneeling on the floor, her face on the
seat between her bound wrists.

  " You will stay just like that, slut. Do not even move. We will be there
soon."

He closed the car door, took a tissue from his pocket and wiped the motel room
doorknob clean and closed it. He got in the car, turned on the radio, and drove
out of the parking lot.  Even though he only lived a few blocks away, he drove
around the city for about a half an hour, circling around the city in countless
turns.  At one stop light, a S.F.P.D. patrol car pulled up next to him. He made
eye contact with the officer and gave him a smile and a friendly wave. The cop
acknowledged him with a nod, and sped off as the light turned green. His captive
was silent and motionless. He gave her a pat on the head.

  "Almost there, Tina," he said cheerfully. Her coat was up around her waist,
her white ass sticking out, the traces of her belting almost gone, and he felt
himself getting hard again. As he drove down his street he was real happy to see
that none of his asshole neighbors had blocked his driveway. He punched the
button on his automatic garage door opener, and it was opening as he pulled in
the driveway. He waited for it to close before he got out of the car.

  That had been a week ago. He had originally planned on only keeping her a few
days, but he was enjoying this so much that he called work and took a weeks
vacation, with the option of taking another one if he needed it. 'Family
emergency' he told them. During that week he put his sadistic fantasies into
reality. He tied her on her back on the first day, spread, bound, and gagged on
the coffee table, positioned so she would be the first thing he saw when he
returned from the fetish shop. He brought home an assortment of whips, crops,
clamps, canes, gags, and dildos of varying sizes. Shit, he'd spent a small
fortune on the things, and he was determined to get his money's worth. She was
whipped while standing, while kneeling, while tied on her back, her tits jumping
as the whip caressed her flesh. She was caned, her whole body, even the soles of
her feet and the sides of her face. The next day the crop, all over, but
especially her tits and the insides of her thighs. He even made her stick out
her tongue, and gave her a stinging blow there. But always, every time, he would
be consumed with lust, and he would untie her, and fuck the moaning girl with
his hot, steel-hard cock. He enjoyed laying on the floor after whipping her, his
cock a flag pole, making her put her tied wrists on top of her head, and
impaling herself on it, while he slapped her bouncing tits with the crop. The
drool would ooze out around her ball gag and drip on her tits, and he would crop
her until the hot leather burnt the spittle dry, then again, and again. He could
do this for hours, ejaculating, softening in her cunt, then getting hard again, 
listening to her moaning at the whipping, and at the rising cock in her inflamed
cunt.

  He couldn't believe how her body responded to his abuse; her cunt a constantly
wet fuck-hole. He was sure that she would never have done this willingly, and he
loved seeing her cum after her whippings. He took her anal virginity, or so she
said, in just this position. He greased up his cock, made her crouch over it,
her hands again on top of her head, and as she bent her knees and lowered
herself, he guided his cock to her asshole, watching the brown hole slowly
engulf him. She shuddered as she slowly sank on the shaft, sucking long intakes
of air in through her nose. He held her ankles next to his body, the crop within
easy reach. She sank her ass down on the greased shaft until her red, welted ass
cheeks were flush against his thighs. He squeezed her ankles,

  "Raise," he said. He watched his shaft slowly emerge from her asshole as she
slowly raised up, hesitating as the head of his cock was gripped by her anal
ring, then slowly pulling totally off of his shaft.

 "Again," he said, and again the cockhead slowly spread her asshole as she sank
down on it. He made her do it until he couldn't go any longer. He lifted her
ankles off the ground, impaling her ass to maximum penetration, and held her
there, savoring the moment, twitching in her tight asshole, finally shooting his
cum deep in her ass. He removed her gag while still in her, reaching behind her
head to undo the straps. He had never whipped her without the gag before. She
didn't scream, she only moaned. He picked up the crop and carressed her tits
with it, her hands still dutifully on top of her head, her upper body undulating
against the rough, leather tip, her nipples growing erect under the crop.

  "Now," he said, "not a sound,Tina." She put her elbows straight out, rubbing
her tits against the crop, and he lifted it and struck. She gave a sharp hiss,
sucking in air through clenched teeth. He hit the other tit, and she moaned and
rocked, but did not move her hands. He began to whip her tits in earnest now,
and she groaned in agony, still sticking her tits out for the wicked stings of
the crop. He felt himself growing hard in her ass again as he whipped her. He
felt her asshole clench his growing cock, expanding her tight anal canal as she
ground her ass down on him, then slightly lifting her ass, pulling at his cock.
When he was again fully hard, he dropped the crop and grabbed her ankles. He
squeezed. Without him having to say a word she rose, slowly pulling the cock
from her asshole, then sinking back onto it. He picked up the crop, turned it
around and rubbed her bulging clit with the handle. She totally lost her rythmic
fucking, sinking on his shaft, leaning into the crop handle,  and she came with
a whimper, her ass muscles squeezing his iron hardness, her cunt opening and
closing as he held the implement of her agony against her throbbing clit,
forcing her into another orgasm.  He untied her hands, another first. He
squeezed her ankles, and she  put her aching arms down on his chest and lifted
her ass, reluctantly pulling his hardness from her body. He pushed her
backwards, onto her knees between his legs.

  "Clean me," he said.  He watched her lean forward and take his hardness into
her mouth, sucking inward as she lowered her head down, putting her hands along
his flanks, almost lifting his ass off the ground as she sucked him in deeper.
He could see the grease and her ass-slime building around her mouth as her
vacuum-seal of a mouth worked up and down his cock. He picked up the crop and
struck her, hard, on her already welted, upturned ass. She gasped, a hot breath
of exhaled air on his cock, then closed her mouth around his cock and resumed
her cock-sucking. Another crop-blow on the ass, another gasp, and she sucked
harder, her cheeks concaved. As he picked up the tempo of the beating, she put
her dainty hand around the very base of his cock, squeezing his hardness as she
jacked him off into her sucking mouth. She spread her knees wide, her ass
clenching under the vicious cropping, and he could see her cunt dripping.

  "Cum, Tina, cum for me."  Her hand shot to her clit, the other hand still
stroking his cock, and she stopped sucking for a moment, clenching her hand
between her thighs as she came. He stopped the whipping, and she resumed her
deep suck. He wanted to fuck her face, right down into her throat, but he fought
the urge. He held the sides of her head, and she looked into his eyes, and he
let her jack him off into her sucking mouth, cumming as she sucked and
swallowed, finally going soft while she suckled him.

  "Good girl, Tina, good girl." He thought she was almost purring.

  He decided not to whip her anymore that day. She had hardly eaten since her
arrival, had only shit once, the day before. He had her kneel in the tub,
untied, and gave her four enemas. She whimpered, but did not resist. As she
knelt, filling with the final enema, he looked her over. He was a little taken
aback at what he had done to her. He was about fucked-out, and this was the
first time in three days the he had looked at her without wanting to whip her in
a frenzy of lust. Every inch of her body had a mark on it. He had given her a
full body caning twice; the second time he even tied her backwards across his
bed, her legs spread wide and tied to the front and back legs of the bed, bent
backwards over the other side, her head touching the floor, arms spread and tied
to the front and back  bed legs on that side. Then he caned the undersides of
her tits, her armpits, and the soft flesh along the undersides of her arms. He
put horizontal welts on the front side of her body every inch or so,  starting
under her chin; even the tops of her feet and her toes were caned. Then the
soles of her feet. Then he stood at her head and caned the sides of her neck and
even her cheeks.  Then he caned everything he could reach vertically, including
her cunt lips and directy into her slit. Then he fucked her. A few hours later
he turned her over and did the same to her backside, the vertical caning ending
with a stroke directly on her anus. She was only semi-concious when he turned
her onto her back again, slid a large plug into her ass, and fucked her again.
That's pretty much how it went since he brought her here. That same night he
woke up about three in the morning, untied her from the bed and walked her into
the living room. She was still gagged, and he tied her hands to a ceiling beam,
standing just on her tip-toes. He whipped her still-fresh welts with a leather
strap, her whole body, then stood between her legs and lifted her onto his cock,
fucking her standing up. That was the first time he noticed how wet she was.

  Now he watched her expell her water into the tub, rinsed it out and let it
fill with warm water. She winced at the first contact of water on her fresh
welts, but soon lay back, luxuriating in the bath. He gave her shampoo and soap,
then sat and watched her. He still could not trust her not to run when out of
his sight.

  "I have a treat for you tonight, Tina. I'm not going to whip you tonight.
We'll have a hot meal, some wine and early to bed," he told her. She looked at
him suspiciously but muttered, "Thank you, Sir." He gave her a razor and watched
as she shaved her cunt, legs  and armpits, finally taking the razor from her and
putting it away as she dried herself.

  He tied her, sitting up in a kitchen chair, as he cooked. He fed her by hand,
washing it down with sips of red wine. When they were done, he brought out a box
and set it on the floor. "I said I wouldn't whip you Tina, but I didn't say you
were totally off the hook. And one word out of you and the gag goes back on."

  He brought out the largest of the butt plugs, greased it up and showed it to
her.

"Raise", he said. She managed to lift her ass far enough off of the chair that
he could get his hand and the plug under her ass. He wedged it between her ass
cheeks, made certain the tip was just inside her asshole, and said,

 "Sit." She sat very slowly, the plug gaining entrance. This was by far the
biggest thing she had ever had in her ass.

  "Oh, oh, nooo, please, Sir."

  "You may stop for a moment or slow down, but you are not to raise up until
it's all the way in. Or I will whip you. Now, proceed."

  The largest part of the plug was at her ass ring now, and he could see her
knuckles white against the chairs arms as she gained another inch. He put his
hands on her shoulders, putting gentle downward pressure on her.

  "Push out against it, Tina, like you have to shit,"he said. He heard her grunt
as she pushed, and the plug disappeared slowly at first, then in a rush as the
flared head passed through her muscle ring.

  She was keening a high na na na na na sound, and he let her adjust to the plug
for a minute, then he slowly pushed her down until she was sitting flush on the
chair. He put his finger to her slit and began to stroke her, flicking her clit
ring, then sliding his finger into her wet cunt. The plug in her ass was bulging
inside her to where he had to exert some pressure to get his finger all the way
into her cunt. He stopped before she could cum, and started over, stopping
again. She was about to cry in her frustration. He grabbed the box again,
pulling out a handfull of clothespin-like clamps. He started on her left tit,
about an inch out from the nipple, and she squealed as he let go of the clamp.
He managed to get ten of them on, a perfect, biting circle. He moved to the
right tit and started clamping, another ten. She tilted her head back and
moaned. He clamped the insides of her thighs with an even dozen on each side,
then two on each cunt lip. He clamped two on the soft skin on the sides of her
neck, and three on each ear. Her eyebrows got two apiece, then two on her upper
lip and two on the lower lip. He made her stick out her tongue, and clamped one
right on the end. He had some clamps left over, so clamped one on each cheek,
right below the eyes. His first reaction was to grab the crop and whip them all
off, but, he had promised. He smiled at her, poured a glass of wine and watched
her. She was starting to sweat, a fine sheen on her lithe body that gave her an
oiled look. He felt his poor cock stir. He fingered her wet slit again, and she
would have come out of the chair if she hadn't been tied, lunging her clit at
his maddening finger.

   "Pleeeease," she whispered.

   "Please what, slut," he shot back, removing the clamp from her tongue so she
could talk.

   "Please, Sir, make me cum, make your slut cum, please, Sir," she begged.

   "Stick your tongue out, slut," he ordered, and replaced the clamp. He
moistened the tip of his finger with the copious fluid leaking from her, and
barely, just barely, ran his fingertip up her slit, then down, her hips raising
off the chair in her need. He reached back into the box, pulled a vibrator out
and turned it on. Her eyes widened. He pulled her clit ring out away from her
body and held the vibrator to the ring, then pulled it away, then again, and
again. She almost made it, but not quite. She was crying now. He wasn't quite
done yet. He brought out a package of four, large sewing needles and one even
larger, about six inches long, and wiped them with alcohol.

  "If you get through this, cunt, I'll let you cum." He held one of the needles
against the bottom of a nipple and pushed. He met a slight resistance and then
it pushed right through. She gave a low, agonized groan. Then he slid a needle
through the other nipple, again from bottom to top. She was gasping now. Now a
needle through the sides of both nipples. Then a touch, just a touch of the
vibrator, even penetrating her with it for an instant. She snorted when he
pulled it out of her sopping cunt, straining at her ropes to take it into her.

  "One more, Tina, one more and you can cum, Tina. Stick your tongue out, all
the way. Her eyes were glazed with her need and she stuck her tongue out to it's
furthest extent. He was ready, and stuck the needle through the top of her
tongue, up close against her lips, one end just under her nose, the other end
against her chin. She couldn't withdraw her tongue, and was trying to swallow,
making gagging sounds.

  He put the vibrator directly to her clit, and his little pain-slut shot off
like she was electrocuted, her hips lifting off the chair, rubbing her climaxing
clit against the vibrator, cumming in waves of pain-induced bliss. Again and
again he lifted it away from her clit, then re-applied it as she came again,
finally thrusting the vibrator up her cunt, the end against the chair, and he
stood back and watched her collapse in another orgasm.



  He spent day four resting, letting her welts receed, and giving himself some
much needed rest as well. Late in the afternoon though, he couldn't help
himself. He ran the needles through her nipples again, and four more through her
cunt lips, then he took her to the bathroom and gave her four more enemas while
she knelt, untied,  with the needles still in her. Then he fucked her in the
ass.

  On day five her body looked a lot better, so he decided to strap her. He bound
her tits tightly with rope, until they bulged from her chest. He put a needle
through the sides of her very sore nipples, and made her lay on her back,
untied, arms out to her sides, legs spread while he strapped her tits, stomach,
thighs and cunt. She curled up a few times, but he had to smile when she would
eventually straighten out into her original position, offering herself up to the
strap. Then he would begin again. He stopped at one point, and told her he was
going to have her fuck his dog, Max. She didn't react, so he brought Max into
the room. The big dog sat next to the bed, licking her, so he allowed her to sit
up and hug Max's big head, then making her spread her legs for more strapping on
her thighs and cunt. He called Max up onto the bed, made her stroke the dog's
cock and actually suck it. She had her head turned sideways, the dog's cock in
her mouth, her purple tits bulging, needles through her nipples, her
well-strapped inner thighs glowing a deep red when he crawled up between her
widespread thighs and fucked her. To his surprise, when the dog came she
continued to suck, swallowing the dog's cum as he shot up into her cunt.

  Day six was delicious. He started with enemas, spanking her with a paddle as
she filled, her tits tied and her nipples clamped, totally untethered,  her head
on the floor with her hands behind her neck, and he made her cum with the
vibrator while she held the water, telling her that she was going to suck off
the dog again. He made her crawl to where the dog was laying in it's bed, tits
still bound and clamped, the large plug in her well cleaned out ass. She was in
obvious pain as she laid her head on the big dog's stomach, stroking it's cock,
gently sucking him to erection with her soft, sucking mouth. As the dog's cock
grew in her mouth, she moaned and sucked and swallowed the constant stream of
dog cum that was flowing from the panting animal's cock. He flogged her with a
multi-tailed, short-handled whip while she sucked, her hand going back to fondle
the dog's haunches and ass, even trying to get her finger into the dog's ass. 
He turned and nipped her, leaving a red mark on her rib cage. She moaned and
continued to suck. He saw her mouth around the base of the dog dick, never
letting up as the jerking animal spewed down her throat, whining and his legs
jerking as it spewed into her. He told her to get around behind the dog and lick
it's asshole. He held the dog tightly, talking to the animal as she knelt behind
it, and using her dog-slime covered tongue, she parted the dogs asshole and
licked. He grabbed the dogs tail and pulled it towards him, giving her full
access to the straining dogs ass. She used both hands to spread the dog-pucker
as she moistened the outside of the hole, and then worked her tongue in, sucking
and slurping at the dog's asshole, one of the dog's legs between her purple,
clamped tits. He let the dog loose, and it jumped off the bed. He told her to
get on her knees, and he slowly slid into her hot cunt, the large, plastic, butt
plug pressing against his cock through her anal canal. He felt her cunt suck
against his cock as she came, and he reached under her and removed the nipple
clamps. The blood surged painfully through the nipples and she gave a little
scream...and came again.

  This was how he had come to find himself here, on day seven, with her kneeling
and the dog cum running from her slit. She put her hands behind her neck as
ordered, and he cupped a firm, young tit in one hand. He let her feel the
pin-prick of the needle as he applied it to her nipple. She leaned a little to
the side, but kept her hands in position as he pushed it through the tender
flesh. He slowly, lovingly, pushed a total of three needles through each nipple,
the dog cum still dripping from her cunt. He told her that he loved seeing her
cum while the dog 's cock was in her, and he began to slide needles through the
soft skin around her nipples, and he got four in each one, the points going in
and out of a pinch of skin. He stood in front of her, rubbing his hardening cock
across her lips, and she opened her mouth to take him in. As she sucked he told
her that she had been a good little cunt, but that the time had come to let her
go. He pressed into her throat for a moment, choking off her air as he held her
head to his stomach. He now did this in a rythmic motion, allowing her to time
her air supply, finally holding himself in her throat as he came, her throat
milking the cum from his balls.

  He told her to get dressed, and he took the blindfold from her eyes. Her
clothes, the same clothes she wore a week ago, were laid out before her, clean,
along with the rest of her clothes, also clean. He stuffed her extra clothes
into her backpack and she began to cry, then weep. He was preparing the duct
tape and rags for her eyes.

  "I will have to blindfold you, for obvious reasons, and then I will drive you
to Golden Gate Park," he told her. She was sobbing now, and fell to her knees,
grabbing him around the ankles, her beautiful, young ass up in the air.

 "Noooooo," she wailed. "Let me stay, please Sir, I belong to you, please let me
stay," and she collapsed on the floor, kissing his feet, sucking his toes. He
was momentarily shocked, but recovered quickly. He picked up the crop and told
her to get back up on her knees. She raised up on her knees, still hugging his
ankles. He rubbed the crop up the crack of her ass.

  "Spread, wide," he said. And she did, her ass crack and cunt responding to the
motion of the crop.

  "OK, cunt. But if you stay, I will hurt you terribly," he said, smacking the
crop wetly between her legs.

 "Oh, thank you Sir, thank you, " she wailed, licking between his toes now. he
smiled down at her....this was going to be a fun day. As he started to crop her
slit he reminded himself to call work and take the next week off.



                                                End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





