BDSM Library - Sunder




Sunder
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a very long, dark tale that bounces around between many characters. There are 3 heirs to a major privately held corporation, for which their father split into 3 divisions, one for each child, but allowing for 1 of them to end up in control of the entire company. All three are very dominant and have many sexual perversions. You don't want to get on the bad side, as death would be preferable to what they will do to you. They act as if they are above the law as well as above anyone questioning their actions. All three are very dominant both in their public & private lives. All engage in sex with their employees as well as those unfortunate to be captured by this hauty trio. Very erotic and sadistic.
[Note: this begins a very long story. It was never written with the
intent of making it public. It is very much an anything goes piece
of sex fiction. It will eventually cover many taboo areas. Anyone
that might feel uncomfortable with that should not start reading
it!But having been intended as a sort of novel, it starts off
fairly slow.
      The story will speak for itself. I have decided to upload it
for only one reason only. I hope for some feed-back from any who do
read it. 
      Recently, someone on this bbs started a series of stories
called Cute** (num.01 and up.) He encouraged replies be uploaded as
files named cutec**. You reach me similarly. While I do not intend
to incorporate anything into this story that would conflict with
the plot as it was originally concieved, there are enough open
areas for characters and situations suggested by the readers.
The chapters of this story will be named Sunder** (01 and up) 
Comments and suggestions may be posted as Sund-c**.txt (where **
are the numbers 1 and up.)
     I hope that somebody out there enjoys this. 
     The chapter after this one has been completed, and the third
is 2/3 done. I shall post them after I receive initial (if any)
feedback on this one.

.................................The Author.  





CHAPTER ONE











Danielle











     Danielle Dumac waited in the reception area all alone. She
stood before the massive oak doors that would open into the main
office of A.S. Sunder Enterprises and wondered when she would be
allowed to enter. She'd already stopped wondering why she was even
being considered for this job. She was just twenty years of age,
almost straight out of community college with only a few months
part-time work experience, yet she had been told to put together a
resume and report here. Here was the top floor of a downtown sky-
scraper. It was a building she'd often passed but had never really
paid attention to before now. She'd passed five security checks,
had been escorted to this floor by an armed security guard, and
then had been left in this abandoned lobby for almost an hour.
She'd almost given up being nervous, and was working her way
towards angry.
     The lobby aroused her curiosity. It was a huge room, elegantly
carpeted, with floor to ceiling windows where the south and west
walls should have been, and with a number of stunning paintings
gracing the walls. It was also totally devoid of furniture.
Danielle had spent her first ten minutes wondering what purpose an
empty room might serve. It was possible that it was in the process
of being refurnished, but somehow that was not the impression she
got. There were no marks on the carpeting to indicate there had
ever been any office furniture here. Perhaps, she decided, the very
carpets had been recently changed, and the furniture just hadn't
been moved back yet. Yes, that would explain it, she thought. There
was also a faint odour of paint lingering in the room. That meant
more than the carpets had been redone. If she got the job, she
would be working in a brand new office. If she got the job.
     She wondered yet again what she was doing here. It wasn't only
that she was lacking experience. This very corporation was strange.
The elaborate security precautions would seem to indicate that A.
S. Sunder Enterprises was a very important company, or a very
powerful one. Then why hadn't she ever heard of it before? She was
supposed to report directly to the president, a woman named Adelle
Sunder. Danielle had made a study of all the world's most
successful business women, yet she'd never heard of Adelle Sunder.
She'd tried to research this company after she was given the
interview. She'd discovered that it was a very old company, but
that was all. She had not been able to discover what kind of
business it was. At first she'd been intrigued. Now she was just a
little frightened.
     Danielle sighed. She was getting a little tired. There were no
chairs in the room, and she'd resisted the temptation to sit on the
floor. Thinking it was only a matter of time until she would be
admitted, she had not wanted to muss her dress. She still didn't
want to sit down. An hour was more than enough time to take care of
whatever situation had postponed her appointment. After waiting
this long, she didn't want to risk messing up her appearance only
to be called in moments later. The lady at the Advanced Human
Resources Center had been very specific in her instructions. Ms.
Sunder was a perfectionist. Everything must be done exactly right
in exactly her way. This extended to her employees. To succeed in
gaining employment, she had to impress her prospective employer
with her loyalty, obedience, and her diligence. Ms. Sunder,
Danielle's Resources liaison had told her, didn't care about past
experience. She would train her personnel to do things the way she
wanted. The less experience they had, the easier they could be
broken of their old habits. All she expected was that applicants be
young, quick studies, and presentable. 
     Danielle had made herself quite presentable. It really hadn't
been very hard. She was a very pretty girl to begin with, not
exceedingly beautiful perhaps, but not at all plain. She had her
French-Canadian ancestry to thank for that. She was five foot two
with an athletically compact frame. She had studied ballet until a
knee injury a few years ago had ended her dreams of dancing. She
had continued her exercises in a reduced capacity, so she was still
in excellent shape. Not only was she quite curvaceous, but her
flesh was firm, tight, and inviting. Her face was her only ordinary
feature, but the keenly eager intelligence in her big blue eyes
rescued it from plainness. Her long, straight brown hair, reached
down to the small of her back and looked extremely sexy and
feminine. A judicious application of make-up subtly down-played the
width of her cheekbones, and made her wide but delicate smile stand
out. 
     She had chosen to wear a simple, business-like dress. It was
modestly cut, with short sleeves, and the hem reached to her upper
calves. It was a medium blue color trimmed with pink and dark grey.
Danielle felt it complimented her light olive complexion. She'd
worn a wool jacket over it on the way here, but had been forced to
leave that, along with her purse, downstairs with the security
people. Not sure how far to go in making herself attractive for an
interview with a woman, she'd opted for one of her least
provocative perfumes. Then, just before she left, she'd aggravated
a run in her only presentable pair of stockings. With no time to go
searching for another pair, she had checked to make sure her legs
were smooth. Finding them more than acceptable, she'd decided to do
without. She wasn't really comfortable in nylons anyway, and it was
nice enough outside that she wouldn't miss them.
     She found herself missing her purse. She suddenly wanted the
pocket mirror she carried in it. She felt compelled to check her
appearance one more time. There was no washroom here that she could
find. The only way out of the lobby was the elevator down, and the
large doors into the office. It was fortunate that she had no calls
of nature to perform. She'd already tried to see herself in the
large window that took up the entire wall opposite the office
doors, but the lighting conditions prevented that from working. 
     Her feet began bothering her next. She'd never liked high
heels. She'd had to wear them for their formal look. These were 
new shoes, but they were tight. After an hour of standing around in
them, her feet were rebelling. Worse still, her bad knee was
starting to hurt. It always did when she extended her leg now.
Well, she would not sit down, but she would compromise. She slipped
out of her shoes. It entered her mind then that she might have
trouble putting them on again. It was too late now to worry about
that!
     The carpeting felt heavenly against her bare soles. Her feet
had been getting sweaty, so she wiped them dry. At least there was
no odour. That would have been embarrassing! She bent over to
straighten the shoes out, wincing as she felt a twinge in her knee.
Just then, as luck would have it, the office door opened. A man's
laugh startled her. " Yes, she's still out here." It was a deep,
confident voice. " You're going to like this one boss. She's
already making herself at home."
     Danielle straightened up, blushing. The man stood in the
partly opened doorway staring at her intently. His eyes travelled
down her body making a thorough inspection, oblivious to her
unease. His gaze was so cold and professional. It frightened rather
than annoyed her. There was no lust, no attraction in his eyes, yet
she felt like he was mentally undressing her. Then she looked at
the rest of him, and felt a surge of fear and lust herself. He was
tall, tan, well-muscled, and dressed like something out of a
commando movie. He looked to be fairly young, maybe twenty-nine or
thirty, yet his eyes were full of age and death. He was totally
unexpected and the situation was completely bizarre. Which would be
par for the day, she reminded herself. 
     "You're to go right in," he said to her then. " Ms. Sunder
doesn't like to be kept waiting. If you get the job, we might get
the chance to say hello." Then he was over at the elevator, and the
door was opening as if on cue. She had wanted to remark that Ms.
Sunder didn't mind keeping other people waiting, but held her
tongue. She tried to slip her shoes back on and found she couldn't.
" Don't bother," he said as the elevator door began to close. He
stopped it and smiled. " You'll be better off if you go in now like
that. Trust me!" Then he pushed the "door close" button, and was
quickly gone from her sight.
     She debated whether to follow his advice or that of her
Resources advisor. She quickly concluded that since he worked for
her, he was more likely to be acquainted with Ms. Sunder's moods.
She picked up her shoes and scurried over to the doors. As she
slipped into the office, a surprisingly soft and melodious voice
said, " Close the door behind you. You can leave your shoes there,
too. You can put them back on when you leave." It was a sweet
voice, but cold. Danielle gratefully put the shoes down and turned
to face Ms. Sunder.
     And was immediately overwhelmed by the scene that confronted
her. It was so completely unlike any of her expectations, she
didn't know how to even begin sorting it out. The office was huge!
It was so full! There were trees and statues, and bushes all over!
She could hear a fountain splashing in the background! The roof and
three outer walls were all of tinted glass, making the office seem
like some immense greenhouse. Several feet from the entrance,
framed by a series of marble pillars, was a large desk. It was made
of polished black stone, and looked almost like an altar. Sitting
behind this desk, leaning back in a large, black chair was the
biggest shock of all. The rich and powerful Ms. Adelle Sunder did
not look much older than Danielle herself! She was also one of the
most beautiful women Danielle had ever seen. 
     Adelle Sunder smiled coldly. " Well, don't just stand there
gawking. You'll have time to sight-see later. Come here." There was
an unmistakably imperious tone to the command. It fit in with the
surroundings, thought Danielle. The room reminded her of pictures
of Imperial Rome!
     She didn't look at Ms. Sunder as she moved to stand before the
desk, but found the first sight had burned itself into her mind.
The young company president's most striking feature was her hair.
She was a true platinum blonde. Somehow Danielle didn't doubt it
was real. It framed a delicate, heart-shaped face that was
exquisitely pretty. Even the cruel superiority in her smile did
little to ruin her appeal. She wore a tight-fitting, emerald-on-
black silk blouse. It accentuated a slender torso, which in turn
accentuated a more than ample bosom. Her skin was flawless and
evenly tanned. 
     " No," said Adelle. " Here. Where I can see all of you." She
indicated her side of the desk. Suddenly feeling very shy and
nervous, Danielle circled the stone desk and stopped directly
before the stunning young business woman. She found herself looking
at the floor, too ashamed to meet this woman's gaze. This surprised
and confused her. It wasn't like her to be this timid and
submissive. She didn't even know of what she was ashamed, just that
she was.  To fight off her discomfort, she focused on the lower
part of Adelle's body. Adelle was wearing a tight black skirt that
ended at the knees, and wicked looking stilleto-heeled shoes. Her
calves were bare, and looked both delicate and strong. Her legs
promised to be long and sexy.
     She could feel this young lady looking her over even more
intently than that man had. She felt her face grow hot. Now she
regretted removing her shoes. It made her feel strangely naked and
exposed. " Very nice," Adelle said at last. " I'll have to see that
Margaret gets a bonus for sending you." Danielle started. Margaret
was the name of her Resources liaison! " Your name is Danielle?"
     It took a second for Danielle to realize that she was supposed
to answer. Again she was surprised and upset by her own timidness.
" Yes, Ms. Sunder."
     There was a cold laugh. " For now call me Adelle. I'll let you
know later if you're to change how you address me. Understood?"
     " Yes, Adelle." Danielle felt very uncomfortable just standing
there. Adelle either didn't realize, or didn't care.
     " I like that name. Danielle," she said it slowly, seeming to
savour every syllable. " It's a perfect name. Very sensual. I'm
going to tell you exactly what your duties here will be should I
give you the job. First though I'm going to give you the good news.
Your salary will be fifteen hundred dollars a week, plus living
expenses, full medical and dental coverage, and certain other
fringe benefits. How does that strike you?"
     It struck her quite hard. Fifteen hundred a week? What on
earth could she do that would warrant that kind of money? She knew
what she would do--almost anything! But what had she meant by the
"good news"? What then was the bad news. " It seems like a very
fair offer Adelle. But what exactly would I be expected to do?"
Danielle asked carefully.
     Adelle leaned back in her chair and licked her lips. " The
question should be what won't you be expected to do. You would be
my full-time personal secretary, attendant, assistant, and maid.
Does that position sound attractive."
     Danielle began to suspect what was wanted of her. She found
that she didn't really mind the idea. Still, it was best not to
jump to conclusions. " You mentioned living expenses and fringe
benefits. Exactly what does that entail?"
     Ms. Sunder turned her chair to face her desk momentarily. She
flipped up a panel on the right hand side to reveal a series of
switches and dials. She hit a red button labelled "security".
" Jeffries!"
     The speaker replied immediately. " Yes Ms. Sunder?"
     " I want complete privacy until further notice. Code Crimson,
in and out. Copy?" 
     " Yes, Ms. Sunder. Total cut off until further notice.
Complete nullification on outgoing?"
     " Yes," Adelle replied, giving Danielle a brief, cruel look as
she did. " From this floor only. That's all." 
     " Affirmative. Security out!"
     Adelle Sunder turned to face Danielle. " I need to know now.
Does this job seriously interest you?"
     Danielle hadn't liked the tone of that conversation with
security. It had sounded very threatening. Maybe she'd just seen
too many spy movies. Then again, maybe not. The pay seemed good.
The worst thing that could happen was that Adelle would want to
sleep with her. Danielle had gone to bed with women before. With
Adelle, she might even like it. She was realizing why she'd been
behaving so submissively. Her body was reacting sexually to this
woman's presence. Danielle generally preferred men, but no man had
ever attracted her like this. It wasn't just Adelle's beauty. It
was some kind of incredible animal magnetism, and it was focused on
her. From a woman like Adelle, that kind of attention was almost
too flattering!
     " Yes, Adelle, I'm interested."
     Adelle nodded. " Your position means that you must be
available to me at all times. I have several offices, including one
at home, and which one I use depends on either whim or need. To
make things simple, I'd rather keep one secretary with me at all
times than rely on a different girl for each office. You will move
into my mansion. You will travel with me at all times except when
your duties require otherwise. When you do have time off, you will
have a company car and chauffeur at your disposal. Your medical
records will be transferred to the company's medical facilities.
You will choose one of the company doctors to be your new personal
physician. This is required for security reasons. Would you agree
to all this?"
     It didn't sound so bad, Danielle decided. " Yes, Adelle."
     " Good. You have the basic skills I require. There's just one
item that must be cleared up. You have no immediate family,
correct?"
     Danielle nodded. " I'm an only child. My father deserted my
mother several years ago. My mother is moving to England to be with
her new boyfriend. I don't have any aunts or uncles anywhere
nearby."
     " Excellent! How about lovers?" Adelle asked it matter-of-
factly. But Danielle was looking at her now and noticed her cold
and calculating look.
     " Nobody at the moment."
     Adelle nodded. " That's good. You'd have had to break it off
otherwise. If you work for me, you must agree not to see anyone
that I don't personally approve of. You may see other company
employees of either sex, and indulge in any sexual preferences
without prejudice. But your lovers must pass the company's security
check. It may not sound fair. If you don't like it, you can pass on
the job. If you break this rule, you would be fired immediately
without compensation. You would also be charged with espionage. Do
these terms present a problem?"
     They scared the hell out of her, Danielle decided, but they
didn't pose any problem. Actually, she felt almost reassured. This
was why there was no information on this company. They probably did
sensitive work for the government! They sure took their security
seriously. It might not always be easy, but it might be fun -- sort
of like being in a thriller.
     Danielle shook her head. " No. No problem."
     Adelle smiled. " There are several other conditions that must
be met. How far would you go to get this job?"
     Danielle shrugged. It was one thing to decide that she'd do
anything. It was another to come right out and say it. Adelle
didn't wait for her answer. " I'm more than the president of this
company. I own it all. My father's will left me in charge because
he knew that I was the best for this job. How old would you say I
am?"
     Danielle wondered if this was a trick question. " Twenty four
at most?"
     Adelle smiled. " I'm your age almost exactly. I'll be twenty-
one in three months. I graduated from university at fourteen. I
worked my way up the ranks for five years before my father's death
put me in charge. I make all the rules here. There will never be
any questions asked. I demand first and foremost complete and utter
obedience. Breaking faith with me is a capitol offence. Would you
be willing to do anything I asked, to immediately and completely
obey any order regardless of its propriety, morality, or legality?"
     And then it happened. Danielle couldn't explain what it was,
but it was real. Adelle took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly.
Her eyes locked with Danielle's own, holding her gaze. Adelle's
lips formed into a cruel smile. Looking into those eyes, Danielle
seemed to hear a voice in her head. " I want you," it said," and I
shall have you." Then the attraction to Adelle she'd been feeling
all along seemed to flood through her all at once and take her
over. Her body seemed to develop its own will, its own needs and
desires. What it needed and desired was Adelle.
     That desire quickly consumed her strength, her will. Her legs
buckled and she found herself on her knees. Her heart was racing.
Blood was rushing to her brain. Lust consumed her, but also fear.
Adelle suddenly became even more beautiful. She was the most
beautiful woman in the world! Danielle wondered why she could ever
have been attracted to any lesser being, especially to any man.
(But she liked men, a little voice deep inside her protested! What
was happening to her?)
     As quickly as it had come, the weakness passed. " Will you
work for me, Danielle?" Adelle asked softly.
     Of course she would! What a silly question, Danielle thought.
It would be an honour to work for her. " Yes, Adelle."
     " Then call me Mistress, or Mistress Adelle. However, when we
are doing business, you must call me Ms. Sunder. Is that clear?"
     " Yes Mistress Adelle." The words didn't seem strange. Should
they have? Danielle decided she didn't care.
     Adelle kicked off her own shoes. She stretched out a leg and
caressed Danielle's face with her bare foot, running her toes down
Danielle's left cheek. It was a lovely foot, slender, well-formed,
delicate and feminine. The toes were of a perfect, even length. It
made Danielle wonder why she had never noticed feet before. She
wanted to turn her face and kiss it. But she couldn't bring herself
to take the initiative. She felt the need to be told what to do.
She needed orders from her mistress. She no longer even wondered
what had happened to her. It no longer mattered. The voice in her
head made no further protest.
     Adelle pulled her foot away from Danielle's face. " Stand!"
she ordered. When Danielle had obeyed, her Mistress said, " Strip!
Take it all off. I want to see what I've bought."
     Danielle mechanically complied. She reached behind her back
and slowly unzipped her dress. There was no attempt at sensuality
in her actions. But the sense of her surrender was strong, and more
than enough to turn on Adelle. The dress slid off a tan, athletic
body. Danielle was firm all over without the least compromise of
soft femininity. Her compact build denied her a slender look, but
her wide perfect hips made up for that. Her legs were her best
feature. The thighs and calves retained the form achieved from
years of classical dance. Her feet were sort of plain, with small
but stubby toes, but Adelle didn't care about that. " Keep going,"
she ordered.
     Danielle took off her bra. Her breasts were perfectly round
and firm. They weren't too big, but more than ample for Danielle's
build. The nipples were ruby-red. They were also short but thick.
Then Danielle pealed off her panties. She stood naked before her
Mistress, eyes downcast, legs together. A thick but neat brown bush
masked her womanly charms. Adelle studied her critically, then
said, " That pubic hair will have to go. My serving-women must be
clean-shaven from the armpits down. It will be taken care of at the
mansion. Now move your legs well apart and spread open your cunt.
Let's see the rest of it!"
     Danielle slid one foot away from the other till they were
almost a yard apart. She brought her small strong hands to her
privates. Her fingers caught the outer lips of her pussy and pulled
them apart. This revealed a well-developed clitoris and plump,
juicy dark-pink labia. Her whole mound was pleasantly plump. It was
a pussy meant to be toyed with, its parts made to be sucked on,
stretched, and bitten. " Very nice. You're exactly what I was
looking for, Danielle," Adelle laughed. " Now turn and show me your
ass. Spread those cheeks and show me your hole!" Danielle did that
too. Her anus was a tight pink-brown pucker.
     " Enough," said Adelle. " I'll wait till you've been shaved to
get to know you better. Put on your dress, but leave your underwear
off. You will no longer wear any without orders from me. Neither
will you wear stockings at any time. Shoes are reserved for social
functions or for use outdoors. Is this understood?"
     " Yes, Mistress," she said, and slowly dressed herself again.
     Adelle turned back to her desk and hit the security button.
" Jeffries? Abort order. Code Delta Omega Green. Have a car waiting
for Miss Dumac. Take her to her place and pick up her belongings,
then take her to the mansion. Send Maria with her. Then secure all
her personal records and files for the company. She no longer
exists. I want a level seven purge. No repeats of last time."
     " Yes Ms. Sunder. No problem. Algers is gone," Jeffries
replied somewhat nervously.
     " Just remember -- fuck up and you join him. Get on it."
Adelle turned back to face Danielle. " You will talk to no one
about this job, understood? We don't exist. Fuck up and you'll join
Algers too. But you'll take the scenic route. I'll see you at the
mansion tonight and complete your initiation. I'll give you a
better idea of your duties. Tomorrow I'll show you the offices here
and at the mansion. We'll go from there. Now go to the elevator and
take it down to security. Give them all the information they want.
They'll take you to the car. You will go to your apartment. Choose
only your best business dresses. Security will drop by to dispose
of the rest. Above all, listen to your security advisor and obey
her completely and unquestioningly. Maria will know what must be
done. Dismissed, Danielle."
     Danielle Dumac remained where she was for almost half a
minute, feeling a little disoriented. Then she backed away, turned,
and headed for the door. There she remembered to pick up her shoes.
She didn't bother to put them on. It didn't seem right for some
reason. She left the office and shut the large oak doors behind her
without being told. She walked submissively to the elevator and
pushed the button. 
     As she waited for the elevator to come, there in the big,
empty lobby, reality seemed to warp. Her world to shattered like a
stained glass window. Thoughts scattered in colored shards amidst
a silent scream. Then they swirled back in and the window reformed.
Except the picture was somehow different. The experience reminded
her of descriptions of acid trips, except that she'd never done
drugs. Her mind now felt clearer than it had since she'd walked
into the office, yet a sort of hazy confusion persisted. 
     The elevator doors opened and she got in. A security guard was
in it. He looked at her with undisguised contempt, and she wondered
why. Then all the conditions she'd agreed to in order to gain this
job sank in, and she went a little pale. It wasn't that she'd
practically agreed to be that woman's sex toy. She could deal with
that, though it wouldn't be easy. It was how completely she'd put
her life in that woman's hands that scared her. All her records, if
she understood what she'd heard, the documents that proved she
existed, would disappear. She already had no family to come looking
for her. Her mother wouldn't care what happened to her one way or
the other. She had no real friends, no lovers. Sure her doctor or
landlord might remember her, but so what. They'd have no proof.
     She'd broken out into a cold sweat by the time the elevator
finished its descent. She took a deep breath and told herself her
fears were silly. There could still be a rational reason for the
elaborate precautions here. She couldn't let Ms. Sunder's kinky
needs, vague, half-remembered threats, and bizarre circumstances,
turn into the stuff of conspiracies and bad novels. She would play
along and was sure things would sort themselves out.
     The little voice in her head returned. She was merely too 
afraid to back out, it said. And it was right.

*               *               *




Jason











     Jason Andrews grinned as he rode the elevator up one flight to
the heli-pad. That new girl had looked sexy as hell. He wondered if
she'd get the job. She'd reacted well to him, he could tell. Maybe
he could arrange to take care of her physical needs. God knew he
needed the distraction! His penis was rock-hard, and throbbing
painfully. This always happened after he'd been in the head lady's
office. Adelle could turn him on just by being in the same room
with him! It was a god-damned shame that she had to be mostly gay.
A woman like that was made to be ridden and ridden hard! However,
any man who tried to force himself on her would be in for a rude
surprise. That bitch was as strong and mean as she was smart and
beautiful!
     The new girl, on the other hand, would be easy to force,
though he doubted he'd have to. He wished she would fight him. He
hadn't indulged in any violent rape in a while and he missed it. It
was one of the draw-backs to his promotion from the field. The life
of a mercenary captain was an uncertain one for sure, but for the
right man, the rewards were beyond compare. Of course, his new
position came with certain compensations.
     The elevator doors opened and Jason stepped out into the small
hanger. The massive overhead door had already been slid open, and
the compact private chopper was ready to fly. Jason crouched down
and ran over to it, ignoring the salutes from the maintenance crew.
He climbed into his seat, shut the door, and gave his pilot the
thumbs up sign. The helicopter was already lifting off while he
strapped himself in, and put on his head set. They flew up through
the opening in the hangar roof, gained several hundred feet more
altitude, and took off across the city.
     " How was the meeting, chief?" asked his pilot. Markus was one
of Jason's men from his mercenary command. Jason had specifically
asked for him when he was given his new job. It wasn't just that
Markus was an excellent pilot, though he was. Jason just had not
wanted to be stuck with one of Adelle's half-naked, dyke slaves. He
needed at least the illusion that he was running his operation with
complete autonomy.
     " Typical, old buddy. Typical."
     Markus grinned. " More top secret shit then, huh? We going to
be flying any raids soon?"
     Jason raised an eyebrow. " Now what gives you that idea?"
     " I know you too well, chief. If you're grinning ear to ear
when you leave one of these meetings, it means you'll be in on some
action."
     " Shut up and fly, Goldilocks." That had been Markus's tag in
the troop. He wore his dirty blond hair in a short pony tail.
     " Where to?"
     Jason turned and smiled wickedly. " Blackmoore Tower."
     Markus grinned back. " See? What did I tell you?"
     Jason settled back in his seat and enjoyed the view. Markus
had read him well, but not correctly. It wasn't the prospect of
action that made him smile. It was what awaited him at Blackmoore
Tower. Before every mission came the planning stage, and that meant
a visit to his only direct superior. It was the greatest of his new
job's perks. Jason always enjoyed getting together with Karen
Blackmoore.
     Karen was Adelle's half-sister, and her only trusted
confidant. She was Adelle's second in command, and was solely
responsible for running Asunder's paramilitary, and espionage
divisions. Karen was the second most beautiful woman Jason had ever
met. She was also the second horniest, the second most sadistic,
and the second most brilliant woman in existence. The best part
though was that, unlike her half-sister, Karen had an insatiable
appetite for men. He, though was her favourite. He was currently
her only true male lover, as opposed to those men she kept as
slaves and sex toys. He was the only man she allowed to dominate
her. She was perhaps the only true antidote to the lust Adelle
inspired in him. The problem was he couldn't visit her as often as
he'd like. She wasn't always in the mood to submit, and Jason was
not slave material.
     His groin hurt. He wasn't doing himself any good thinking
about Karen. He would find relief soon enough. Thinking about
business would be better. He closed his eyes and reviewed his
meeting with Adelle.
     It had been Karen who, on reviewing his record with the
mercenary division, had recommended him for his new position. Jason
Andrews was now head of Asunder's special industrial espionage
strike force. What that meant mostly was that he had gone from
being the head of a bunch of hired killers to the head of a bunch
of thieves and assassins. When Adelle decided it was time to take
a direct approach with one of her competitors, it was his job to
find a way to deliver a message up close and personal.
     He'd received her summons early that morning. He'd reported as
ordered to find her in a dark and dangerous mood. She was her usual
stunningly gorgeous self. As soon as he caught sight of her, his
cock was full hard, and straining to escape his pants. He bit his
lip, and came to stand before her desk. She'd sat back and looked
up at him slowly. He felt himself somehow reduced in her eyes.
     She always had that effect on him. Her gaze wasn't the look of
lust and longing most women sent his way. It was the look a proud
owner might give his prize stallion. To her he was an especially
fine specimen of some lower order, both admired and yet held in
contempt. For some reason, he could never resent that. When he was
with her, he felt it was true.
     He stood at attention and waited for her to finish her
inspection. He was wearing his favourite working clothes, a tight,
camouflage tea-shirt, a pair of baggy, army-green trousers, and
black combat boots. The trousers were a blessing, as usual. His
hard-on wasn't as obvious as it otherwise would have been. She was
well aware of it anyway. Nothing ever escaped her notice. No, the
baggy pants were so that no one else he'd run into afterward would
know how bad off he was.
     " You may sit, Andrews," she finally said, in her sweet, icy
voice. She pointed to the straight-backed, black, metal chair
reserved for her guests. It was not comfortable. It wasn't meant to
be. 
     He did as he was told and waited for her to tell him why she'd
called him here. She leaned back in her chair and stared straight
into his eyes. " Has Karen been in contact with you recently?"
     He shook his head. " No, not for a couple of weeks." He
wondered if she knew he was fucking her half-sister. He knew she
was. Karen had told him. The thought of those two incomparable
bodies in the same bed was an exquisite torment. He tried to banish
the picture from his mind before he split his pants. 
     " You did hear about the raid though, didn't you?" There was
a bitter anger in that question. For a second, he felt fear, and
cursed himself for it. How did this woman do this to him?
     He nodded. " I heard we'd been hit. I didn't wasn't given any
details. I don't know how bad it was, and I don't know who did it."
He paused. " I noticed that the outer office has been repainted and
recarpeted. And Anne Marie isn't around."
     " Anne Marie is history. So was the outer office. I wasn't in
anyway, but the intruders didn't even try to break into this room."
     Jason nodded. " Can you tell me what happened or is it not my
business?"
     She frowned. " No, as of now it is your business. There were
two intruders, one male, one female. They passed our security check
somehow. One of my security chiefs screwed up bad. They had weapons
that were invisible to the scanners. They had an appointment on one
of the executive floors. They were supposed to be arranging a deal
for one of our new bio-chemical weapons. Instead, they overrode the
elevator. They had to have had extensively detailed blueprints of
this building. They got off on a maintenance level three flights
below here and took the emergency stairs up. They knew about the
secret door into the lobby."
     She sighed. " The route they took had few security scanners.
They got all the way in here and were taking care of business
before my guards even knew there was a problem."
     " I take it they took care of Anne Marie," Jason concluded.
     Adelle nodded. " She was here alone. They took her completely
by surprise. She didn't have a chance. At least they had the
decency not to kill her quickly or cleanly. She suffered for
several minutes. The camera recorded it all. Want to see it?"
     He looked at her oddly, trying to keep his emotions off his
face. God, she was a sadistic bitch! He'd liked Anne Marie. She
read his thoughts anyway and laughed. " I would have killed her
someday anyway, Andrews. I was looking forward to it. As it is, I
was cheated from doing it personally. But at least it wasn't a
total waste. Don't judge me, assassin. I know how you got your
kicks when you were heading the Chaos Company. You and your men
raped, tortured, and killed more than your share of women and
children. Why do you think you caught my sister's eye? The bitch
likes her men black-hearted."
     She touched a button on her desk and a six by three foot
section of floor rose up to reveal a large video screen. With
another switch she dimmed the lights. " Just watch the tape."
     The screen came on. It showed the outer lobby as it had been
the last time he'd visited. A pretty, young blond woman sat behind
a large white desk. She was doing something on her computer. Anne
Marie was so totally absorbed in her work that she didn't notice a
section of panelling a couple of yards to the left of the elevator
door slide silently open. She did shriek in surprise when two
people jumped out, pistols in hand, and shouted, " Freeze, bitch!"
     Her assailants were dressed head to toe in black leather. They
wore hoods. There would be no way to gain identification. Jason
arched an eyebrow in disbelief. " These guys snuck in looking like
that?"
     Adelle shook her head. " They changed. We think they had those
outfits in the cases they were carrying. We found the cases and two
suits of clothing in the access way. They were destroyed by acid."
     " And those guns they're packing?"
     Adelle hit the pause button, stopping the action. " They were
some kind of hardened plastic. So were the bullets. Those weapons
were strictly for assassination. No way their ordinance would
penetrate the cheapest protective outfits. But they destroy flesh
pretty good. Any other questions?"
     " How'd they get out?"
     She restarted the tape. " You'll see."
     One of the intruders, probably the woman, moved quickly up to
and around the desk, her gun trained on the stunned blond. " Stand
up and put your hands on the desk! Where's the Sunder bitch?"
     Anne Marie didn't answer right away. It cost her a gun barrel
across the face. She cried out in pain. Her glasses flew off. The
other intruder was doing something to the elevator. " Okay. It'll
take them a while to get in now."
     The woman nodded. " Talk, bitch! Where's you're boss?" she
yelled again at Anne Marie.
     " He was right after all," muttered the man. " She isn't
here."
     " How can you be so sure?" the woman snarled. 
     He walked up to the office doors and forced them open. " She'd
be in there if she was," he said, pointing to the large desk,
" probably helping security get by the obstacles we set up. Let's
do what we were told!"
     " What about her?" the woman pointed her gun barrel at Anne
Marie's head.
     " Do her good. Make her part of the warning. I'll take care of
the lobby."
     " Close those doors. We're not to damage the main office space
if we can help it." Then the woman turned to Anne Marie. " Strip,
darling! We're going to play a little game."
     The man unzipped his jacket and began taking out a number of
small rectangular packets. He began attaching these to the
surrounding furniture. As he placed each one, he flipped a small
switch on them, and a little red light came on. " Small explosive
charges?" asked Jason quietly. Adelle nodded.
     The woman had forced Anne Marie into the room's center, still
holding the gun on the poor young lady. Anne Marie was wearing a
lovely sapphire dress that loosely moulded itself to her full body.
The woman forced her to take it off. " Don't be shy," she taunted.
" I hear you do this for your mistress all the time." She slurred
the word mistress, filling it with her contempt.
     Anne Marie hesitantly stripped. She was a pretty thing. Full-
bodied blond hair hung neck-length about a plump-cheeked oval face.
She had soft blue eyes, and shyly sensuous mouth. She peeled off
the dress and stood naked before her tormentor. She was about five
foot three, with a pleasantly stocky build, yet a delicate bone
structure.  Her breasts were cone shaped, fairly large, with fat,
stubby nipples. Her belly was slightly plump. She had wide hips,
and full-fleshed, pillowy buttocks. Her thighs and calves were
large yet well-formed. Her hands and feet were small and dainty-
looking. The back of her thighs and calves, and the top of her feet
were badly bruised, showing signs of recent abuse.
     The woman laughed cruelly. " Did you enjoy getting those? Then
you're going to love what I'll do to you. Lie down! On your back!"
     As the male invader continued to plant his charges -- Jason
counted twenty in all -- his female counter-part forced Anne Marie
to lie down and spread her legs wide. Anne Marie's shaved crotch
came into full view. The woman ignored it at first. She took out a
pair of handcuffs and cuffed her blond victim's wrists together
behind her back. She took out another pair of cuffs. This time, one
end snapped shut around an ankle. The woman bent the leg back till
she could close the other end tightly around a forearm, just below
the shoulder. Anne Marie moaned her discomfort. The woman ignored
her, took out a third pair of cuffs, and bound her other leg the
same way.
     " You're an athletic one, aren't you? I didn't have to tear
any muscles to bend you back that way. Good. Now you're going to
suffer. You're going to be a " get out of business" card to your
mistress, understand?"
     Jason had to admit he was being turned on by the action. Anne
Marie looked great contorted the way she was. He found himself
eager to see what they would do to the helpless bitch. Adelle had
been right. He shouldn't have judged her. He got off on pain and
suffering as much as anyone. It was just that he'd never
contemplated doing in anyone he was close to. All his victims had
been the enemy -- complete strangers. But he found that his having
known Anne Marie added a certain piquancy to the scene.
     Her partner, having finished his chore, came over to where
Anne Marie lay. " I estimate we have five more minutes at most."
     " That'll be enough," said the woman. She took a small glass
vial from a pocket in her jacket. " I was hoping to get to use this
on the head lady despite our orders. It's probably better to use it
on her. Spread her cunt open."
     The man laughed cruelly and, going down on one knee, did as he
was told. He parted chubby outer lips to expose the dainty pink
flesh within. " Acid?"
     " Uh huh. High concentration sulphuric acid."
     The man snarled, " Damn good thing I'm wearing gloves then.
Make sure you don't spill any on my fingers."
     " I'll be careful," she assured him, as she cautiously
unstoppered the tightly sealed little bottle. " Shit, that smells
awful!" She kept her face as far from the bottle as she could as
she positioned it over Anne Marie's pussy. 
     Anne Marie was whimpering in fear. She'd gone pale as ghost.
Jason felt his cock begin to throb painfully now. He glanced over
at Adelle. Her eyes were glued to the screen. She was totally
absorbed by the action. Her nostrils flared prettily, and her
wicked tongue ran sexily across her upper lip.
     The woman invader slowly lowered the bottle till its opening
sat an inch directly above Anne Marie's clitoris. Then she poured
about half the bottle's contents over the fear-swollen flesh. Anne
Marie screamed shrilly as the center of her woman-hood began to
dissolve away. The acid ran down her slit, stripping away tender
flesh. The suffering girl writhed madly on the floor. The man and
the woman laughed, pleased with the effects of their vicious little
prank. 
     " What about the rest?" the man asked, indicating the
half-full little bottle.
     " We have to finish her off, don't we? Slit her belly open,
length-wise."
     " You are too much, woman!" the man's smirk could be heard in
his words. He took out a small, sharp stiletto. With professional
precision, he cut into Anne Marie's belly two inches below the
diaphragm. The poor girl began thrashing about. The woman put down
the bottle and held her down as best she could. With a single deft
cut, a testimony to the sharpness of the blade, the man opened his
subject's middle up right down to her pelvis. Then he asked, " May
I have the honour?"
     The woman nodded. There was a banging coming from the elevator
doors. " Hurry it!" 
     He nodded, picked up the bottle, and poured its contents into
Anne Marie's exposed entrails. They took a second to contemplate
their victim, then dashed over to a section of wall next to the one
they'd come in by. They opened another secret door. 
      Jason winced! He hadn't known that one was there! " Where
does that lead?"
     " Up to the hanger. They escaped to the roof. They were picked
up by a small, private copter, similar to the one you use." 
     That would have prompted another question, except he noticed
the male figure on the screen pull out another little device. It
looked like a small transmitter. He pushed a button. His partner
had already left. He quickly followed. Jason glanced at his watch,
then looked back at the screen. For a full minute, all he saw was
Anne Marie slowly dying on the floor. He saw what Adelle had meant.
It was a slow death, and yet one that couldn't be prevented. That
acid would do too much damage to the victim's internal organs. Then
the charges began to blow.
     They were small charges. They were meant to thoroughly
vandalize the lounge area. Several expensive statuettes, paintings,
and pieces of furniture were shattered. Bits of plaster flew about,
drifted through the air. Some settled unto Anne Marie's pitiful
remains. Then one of the charges knocked out the camera. The screen
went black.
     Adelle turned on the lights and turned to face him. He blinked
once, met her gaze, and felt a violent urge surge through him. He
fought it down. " Well? Do you want to see it again?"
     " Not now. A copy might be nice in case I want to go over it
in my office. I assume you've figured out who was behind this
little stunt and you want me to take him or her out?"
     Adelle slowly shook her head. " Not exactly. Yes, Karen's had
her people working on it. We already knew who it had to be, though.
We were just looking for proof. We didn't find anything solid. But
we found out who those two saboteurs were. What I want you to do is
take them out. The man I want dead. Make it slow and painful. The
woman I'd rather you took alive. I have plans for her. But if you
can't, just kill her. I won't be too disappointed."
     " So who are they?"
     In response, she took a folder out of her desk. " There are
photos and biographies of your targets in here. The package just
came in. Take it over to Blackmoore Tower and go over it with
Karen. Make your plans as necessary and assemble your team. Do the
deed at your discretion, but do it by next Sunday."
     " Aren't you going to tell me who was responsible?"
     " You don't need to know. Karen might tell you, though. You
look capable of fucking it out of the bitch," she smiled coldly.
     That answered that question, he thought. She knew. Suddenly
there was an electricity in the air. He felt his insides knot up.
He felt weak. It was like all his strength was draining down to his
crotch and leaking off the end of his erection. " Stand up and pull
down your pants. I want to see if Karen was telling the truth,"
Adelle ordered him.
     Jason prided himself on never calling any woman mistress. He
worked for this lady, but he wasn't one of her toys. At least that
was what he had thought. Right then he found out he was wrong. His
hands moved to his belt with a will of their own. He undid it,
unzipped his pants, and pulled it and his underwear down together.
Then he straightened up and faced his boss, his huge erection
standing proudly out.
     He found her couldn't meet her gaze. He didn't know why. Part
of him had wanted to be naked before this woman for a long time.
Now though, it felt wrong somehow. He felt almost humiliated. It
was not a pleasant experience. He felt her eyes on his masculine
equipment. Despite his discomfort, he felt his penis try to stiffen
further.
     It couldn't get any bigger. Jason had been blessed with a
large cock. Now it stood out a full ten thick inches. Below it
dangled a large hairy scrotum in which floated his large walnut-
sized balls. His cock-head was darkly purple and almost visibly
throbbed in time with his racing heart.
     Adelle laughed. He felt further humiliated. Part of him wanted
to rape the bitch, but he was neither willing nor able. " Come
stand in front of me," she commanded.
     He shuffled over, feeling ludicrous with his pants draped
around his feet. He came to stand in front of her. Looking him in
the eyes, she reached out with one of her lovely hands and grasped
his shaft. She wrapped her fingers around the base and gave it a
hearty squeeze. Its large size seemed to fascinate her.The look on
her face gave him a momentary hope that she might put him in her
mouth. She didn't.
     " I don't personally have much use for these," she said,
giving his cock a firm stroke, " but I must say that yours is quite
impressive." She let go his cock and slid the hand between his
legs, cupping his balls from behind. " I can see why Karen is so
fond of you. Personally, I think that the only thing a cock is good
for is to humiliate a woman. I'd like to watch you work some day.
I'd like to see you force this down a woman's throat, or up a
tight, virgin asshole. But you'd have to come all over her face or
in her mouth. Then you could rinse her off with your piss. Would
you like that?"
     She felt his tool twitch. " Of course you would." Then her
voice turned cold. " If you come now, I'll lop it off! Put it back
in your pants!"
     Face flushed red from anger and thwarted desire, he did as he
was told. God he really needed to shoot off now! He consoled
himself with visions of Karen. He'd be with her soon.
     " That's right, save it for my sister," she said, seeming to
read his mind. " I'm interviewing a replacement for Anne Marie in
a few minutes. If she works out, maybe I'll give you a piece of her
tail right here. Then you can show me what you're capable of.
That's all, Andrews."
     He gave her a half bow, a salute, and then turned and headed
for the door. " By the way," she said, " if that girl is out there
now, tell her to come right in."
     Right then, Markus ended Jason's reverie. " Blackmoore Tower
dead ahead. We'll be down in a couple of minutes, chief." 
     Jason Andrews smiled grimly. Markus had probably thought he'd
been napping. Considering how things had gone, he'd rather not
enlighten him. He stared down at the folder Adelle had given him.
It was still sealed. He'd thought it best to open it in Karen's
presence. There were questions he would have liked to have asked
Ms. Sunder, and had forgotten about in the heat of events. He
wasn't sure asking Karen instead was wise. She would wonder why he
hadn't thought to ask her sister. He didn't want to tell her. It
was too embarrassing.
     How had those two invaders known exactly how to bypass all of
Adelle's paranoid security measures? What they'd said had implied
they'd had information on his boss's whereabouts that day. Had
they? If so, was there a leak, a spy among Adelle's staff? What had
they meant about orders not to harm the inner office? Something
about that raid seemed wrong!
     And he'd been too put out by that woman's teasing to retain
his professional edge! That bothered him. He couldn't believe how
that woman had cowed him! She'd always seemed to dominate a room
with her very presence. He'd always considered it a form of super
charisma. Karen had it too, though with her it wasn't as strong.
But today, it had been positively mind-warping!
     Blackmoore Tower didn't have a hanger. Markus landed on the
roof, and a switched off the motor. Two attendants hurried over to
secure the chopper. Jason noticed Markus whistling merrily to
himself. He knew this man as well as Markus claimed to know him. It
looked like he wasn't the only one looking forward to a romantic
interlude. 
     " You probably have the next few hours off, Goldilocks. Where
will I find you when I'm done here?" 
     Markus was grinning broadly. " Oh, I'm just going to drop in
on a young lady I know here and see if I can find out where the old
company is these days. I like to try to keep in touch with the
boys, sir. You'll probably find me in the cafeteria afterwards,
getting a bite to eat."
     Jason bit back the obvious witticism. Who was he to talk?
" Fine. I'll join you there. Maybe I'll be able to give you an idea
of what's going on by then."
     They headed to the elevators together. Jason took out his
security card and placed it in a slot next to the right hand door.
He put his eye to the retinal scanner and waited for clearance. A
green light came on. His elevator was coming. Markus's was already
here. Markus saluted and got in. " Good luck, chief!"
     " Later, Markus." Then the doors before him opened. He
entered, and eagerly punched in the code for Karen's suite.




[Note: this is part two of a very long story. It was never written
with the intent of making it public. It is very much an anything
goes piece of sex fiction. It will eventually cover many taboo
areas. Anyone that might feel uncomfortable with that should not
start reading it! But having been intended as a sort of novel, it
starts off fairly slow.
      The story will speak for itself. I have decided to upload it
for only one reason only. I hope for some feed-back from any who do
read it. 
      Recently, someone on this bbs started a series of stories
called Cute** (num.01 and up.) He encouraged replies be uploaded as
files named cutec**. You may reach me similarly. While I do not
intend to incorporate anything into this story that would conflict
with the plot as it was originally concieved, there are enough open
areas for characters and situations suggested by the readers.
The chapters of this story will be named Sunder** (01 and up) 
Comments and suggestions may be posted as Sund-c**.txt (where **
are the numbers 1 and up.)
     I hope that somebody out there enjoys this. 
The next chapter should be ready by next week. I have no idea how
long it will take to get the next one after that done.  

.................................The Author.  (anon-sk)










CHAPTER TWO











Danielle










     Security did not treat her gently. She was locked in a small
empty room and had questions barked at her over an intercom. She
answered them all with growing anxiety. She had to give them the
names of all those people she'd had close contact with over the
last several years. She had to list every possible place that had
records of her. After several of her answers, she was made to wait
while they ran computer checks to verify her information. The
impression she got was that once they knew where to look, they
could break into any data system with ease. During all this she
felt almost totally defenceless sitting there in only her dress and
nothing else. After an hour and a half, they were done with her. It
was only then that her so called security liaison came to get her.
     The door to her interrogation cell opened and a tall, willowy
brunette casually sauntered in. The brunette's outfit, however, was
anything but casual. Bizarre and menacing would have been closer to
the mark. It consisted of a silver-studded leather corset complete
with knife sheath and shoulder-holster, a tight, short, black
leather skirt, knee-high leather boots, and a fancy black lace cape
complete with a hood. Her forearms were engulfed in skin-tight
leather as well, and brass knuckles on the right hand completed the
picture. It was only after Danielle got over the shock of the
outfit that she noticed how sexy the brunette herself was.
     "So you're the mistress's new toy." She looked Danielle up and
down critically. "You're not really my type, but you're not bad. My
name is Maria -- Maria Perdutta. Around here they call me "Mary of
the lost soul"." She smiled as she said this. "That's what Perdutta
means -- lost. And yes," she paused dramatically, "I have no soul.
Have you ever made love to a woman before, Danielle?"
     She should have been taken aback, but somehow, Danielle had
expected this query. Of course, considering the events of the day
so far, especially Ms. Sunder's orders, and the outfit Maria was
wearing, it hadn't taken genius to anticipate this line of
questioning. Danielle was surprised at how quickly she answered
yes, however. She was not usually the kind of woman who shared her
personal experiences. She put it down to conditioning. She'd spent
the last couple of hours answering personal questions after all.
     Maria shook her head. "Too bad. I do enjoy forcing myself on
straight women and first-timers. I guess I'll have to settle for
simply testing your limits. And then exceeding them. Follow me."
Maria closed the cape over her front. This conveniently concealed
her weaponry. It also looked very chic. 
     She lead Danielle to yet another heavily guarded elevator.
This one had no operator. Maria slipped a card out of a pocket in
her skirt and inserted it in the uppermost of three slots. She
rapidly punched in some sort of combination, and the elevator
started down. She quickly removed the card and set it in the bottom
slot. She punched a second combination. She glanced at Danielle who
had watched all this silently, smiled, but offered no comment.
     Danielle studied Maria with a grudging appreciation. The
security woman was not as tall as she'd first thought, but was
easily five eight. That was after making allowances for the boots,
which weren't high-heeled but were thick soled, like combat boots.
Her slender build made her look taller. Maria looked like a model
who had gone to ninja school. Her limbs looked sculpted in steel
for all their feminine lines. She wore her hair short, straight at
the sides and back, wavy in front. Her face had a subtle angularity
that reminded Danielle of those actresses that played Russian spies
in James Bond movies. She had hawk-like eyes, that made her
sensuous mouth look cruel. Her neck was long and slender as were
her arms. The corset suggested small but pert breasts, and a
girlish middle. Her hips were compact. Her legs were long and slim.
She moved with a grace Danielle's experienced eye could only
ascribe to the martial arts. It was a grace akin to, but much more
menacing than, Danielle's own.
     The elevator door opened to reveal a large, high-ceilinged
room. It was all concrete, the floors, the walls, and even the
ceiling. Red neon lit it garishly. The floor was damp and cold, and
Danielle was still barefoot. She'd left her shoes at security!
"Ms. Perdutta, I think I forgot my shoes upstairs," she said
uncertainly.
     Maria turned to look at her. "Call me Mistress Maria. As for
your shoes, you can grab another pair when we get to your
apartment. You can pick these ones up tomorrow. You really won't
need them much anyway." 
     She resumed moving through this room, leading Danielle to a
section of wall that slid silently up when Maria placed her hand on
it and pushed. More spy stuff, thought Danielle. This whole thing
was too much! And it was too late to back out. She was sure!
     They entered another room much like the last, except there
were three huge limousines parked here. One of them had its motor
running, and a young woman stood beside the right rear door. She
wore a skimpy chauffeur's outfit. This was, of course, perfectly in
keeping with everything else so far. She, like Maria, was a
brunette, with long, luxuriously thick black hair. She was taller
than Maria, and wider built. She wasn't stocky or anything, just
big-boned. Considering Maria, herself, and now this girl, Danielle
wondered if Adelle had a fetish for olive complexions.
     They walked up to their driver, and Maria went to her toes and
kissed her lips. "Gereti, this is Danielle. If she lasts, she'll be
the new executive. For now, she's nothing. We'll be going to her
place to clear it, then we're going to the mansion. Did security
give you the address?"
     Gereti grinned. "Yes, Oh Lost One. We're ready to roll. Let me
just get a look at this bitch. Will you give me a shot at her?"
     "Maybe. I've nothing against the idea, but it depends how much
leeway we'll have time-wise. You'll have to push that pedal pretty
hard."
     Gereti walked around Danielle, inspecting her. This gave
Danielle a chance to return the favour. Gereti, she decided, had
either a Spanish or Portuguese heritage. She was more handsome than
beautiful, though her face was pretty enough, and her figure was
shapely. The outfit she wore consisted of a dark blue jacket over
a light grey shirt, a thin, dark grey leather tie, and a skirt of
blue suede that reached only to her mid thigh. She had powerful
looking legs. Her feet were bare. They were big and plain, and
rough-looking. In the end, Gereti was just barely too feminine to
be called butch, Danielle decided.
     During this time, Gereti had circled around her, and had
returned to stand before her. Suddenly, she moved in close, swept
a leg behind Danielle's, and pushed her down, tripping her to the
floor. Stunned, Danielle fell down hard, barely getting her hands
out to help cushion the impact. Gereti reached down and grabbed a
slender ankle with each of her big, strong hands. She pulled
Danielle's legs up and apart, and Danielle's skirt slid down about
her hips. With the toes of one foot, Gereti pulled the skirt down
about Danielle's waist and gazed on her victim's bare cunt and ass.
     Maria crouched down near Danielle's head. "Don't fight it if
you know what's good for you." To Gereti she said, "What do you
think? Not bad, eh?"
     Gereti's smile was wide. "Kind of hard to tell with all that
fur. It's times like this I can appreciate why the Mistress has us
shaved. But she does look juicy. Had you taken a look already?"
     Maria shook her head. "No. It's a first for me too. She looks
like fun. She says she has experience with women."
     "But not with women like us, I'll bet," Gereti laughed. "I'd
really like to ride her for a while."
     "We'll go to her apartment first and get her stuff. We'll see
if we have time to stop for fun and games when we're well on our
way to the mansion. We can get comfortable then and not have to
worry about appearing in public afterwards."
     Gereti sighed. She lifted a foot and ran it down the inside of
a lush, tight thigh. Then she ran it over Danielle's pelvis and
finally over her slit, which she found hot and moist. She ground
her toes forcefully against Danielle's clit, eliciting a gasp.
"You're the boss, Maria. I'll see what I can do about making up the
time. This one will be hot, I can tell."
     She wiped her foot on Danielle's dress and let go her ankles.
But she wasn't quite yet finished with her. She moved up to stand
over the more petite woman's head, squatted, and raised her own
skirt up around her waist. She had a nice, wide, round ass, tight
and firm, to go with her big, sleek legs. Her crotch was shaved
smooth, without even the least hint of stubble. She had plump outer
lips that she spread to reveal her short, thick labia minor, and a
thick, stubby clit. "Take a good look, Danielle. Isn't it pretty?
It's so nice and hairless. With any luck, by tonight you can tell
me what you think of the taste." Then she moved off Danielle, and
went to open the car door for Maria.
     Maria was still crouched down at Danielle's head, a cruel leer
on her pretty face. She'd enjoyed Gereti's little exhibition! Now
she slapped Danielle's face sharply and snapped, "Get up, bitch.
You can rest on your back later." She stood herself and made no
effort to help Danielle to her feet. 
     As soon as Danielle was up, Maria shoved her into the car. She
climbed in after her and shut the door. Gereti got in behind the
wheel, and they began pulling out of the garage. Danielle did not
see how, for her observations were limited to the large passenger
area. It was about eight feet long by five wide. There was a plush
seat along the rear end. The rest of the space was taken up by a
silk-covered mat. The windows, which had seemed mirrored from the
outside turned out to be opaque. Two small spotlights provided
illumination. There was a wall between the driver and passenger
section. Set up by one side of the seat was a two-way video monitor
by which Maria could communicate with Gereti if the need arose.
     Danielle had sat on the seat, which was soft and yielding,
seeming to hug her bottom. Then Maria had entered and thrown her
onto the floor mat. "No dear slut, the seat is for people, and
you're not people yet." She studied Danielle's face, looking for
any sign of annoyance. What she found looked more like thinly
veiled terror. "Are you having second thoughts?"
     "It's too late for that now, isn't it," Danielle whispered.
     Maria laughed, but somehow without cruelty or derision this
time. "Oh yes, dear. When you join Asunder, you join for life. You
belong to Adelle now, just like Gereti and I do. If you're lucky,
you'll learn to put up with the harsher aspects and enjoy the
benefits."
     "There are benefits?" Danielle said dryly.
     Maria slid off her seat to kneel before Danielle. "For you,
not many yet. You face a long period of initiation during which
time you must prove your loyalty and usefulness. But if you do,
then your job will allow you to pull rank on any of the Mistress's
personal staff, and some of the company personnel too. Then you'll
be in charge of me and you can revenge anything I do to you now as
many times as will make you happy. But until then, you're a nobody
--a very lovely, sexy, feminine nobody. Gereti and I, and all of
the other servants the Mistress gives leave to do so, will use and
abuse and enjoy you as we please."
     Then she leaned forward, cupped Danielle's face with her long
slim hands, and drew it in to her own. She put her mouth to
Danielle's and kissed it. Her tongue made a brief exploration of
Danielle's oral cavity, then withdrew, and Maria bit one of
Danielle's lips instead. She did all this with a gentle ferocity,
and Danielle couldn't help but respond. Her breathing quickened,
and she felt the heat rise between her legs. Even the thought of
how exposed her loins were, and of how she had to allow this woman
to use her, contributed to her arousal.
     "Lie down," Maria ordered her breathlessly, and pushed her
onto her back. "Now spread your legs." Danielle obeyed, putting a
foot down on either side of Maria's kneeling form. Maria grabbed
the hem of Danielle's skirt and pulled it up. "Raise your ass up."
When Danielle did that, Maria pulled the cloth out from under
Danielle's ass and left it draped about her waist. "Bend your knees
and bring them in towards your head, then spread them as far apart
as you can." This left Danielle's pussy staring up into Maria's
face, fully exposed and nicely vulnerable.
     Maria put her fingers to Danielle's pouting outer lips and
spread them. She licked her lips as she studied the wet snatch.
"So, I turn you on, eh. That's very good. You have a lovely pussy,
Danielle. Do you have any idea how much abuse it can expect?" Maria
looked over into Danielle's eyes as she asked that. Danielle shook
her head. Maria looked back down at the open cunt. "Have you ever
had your cunt whipped? I don't mean just any sissy love-whipping
either, with a light-weight nylon cat. I mean with a heavy, braided
leather whip. Or how about fire? Have you ever had hot wax dripped
onto your clit, or had candles or cigarettes put out against your
labia?"
     Danielle went a little pale and remained silent. Maria's words
didn't shock her after everything else that had happened to her
today. Her dance teacher had got her kicks having Danielle read
passages from Sade's La Nouvelle Justine, and from Reage's Story
of O, so the idea of torture wasn't new. The thought of it being
done to her though was very frightening. However, what was truly
odd was that deep inside her, something found the idea of being
abused in such exotic ways exciting. She knew that the reality
would mean pain. The fantasy still enticed her. Perhaps, Danielle
admitted to herself, she was more of a submissive and masochist
than she had let herself believe. She knew though that she could
not trust these people to respect her limits, and that they would
use her to their satisfaction, not hers.
     Maria went on. "For now, I'm just going to take a taste. After
we're done at your place, we'll have some real fun." She dropped
her mouth to Danielle's pink. Danielle let out a moan and her body
shuddered its release. She had been primed for sex by the events of
the day. She would not have believed it had she been told about it
this morning. 
     And Maria's mouth was hot, hungry and able. The sexy woman
stuck her tongue out and rubbed the top of it along the length of
Danielle's snatch, at the same time flicking the tip of it in and
out between the swelling lips. Then her mouth tried to suck in as
much of Danielle as it could, as Maria kissed the pussy open-
mouthed, like some long-lost lover. Maria was moaning her own
pleasure, and making sounds of appreciation. Danielle felt a tingle
beginning in her toes, which wanted to curl into her feet and hide,
and working its way rapidly up her body. Her nipples were burning,
demanding attention, but she could not bring herself to play with
them in front of this woman.
     Then, just as Danielle had begun anticipating an earth-
shattering orgasm, Maria pulled away from her. Danielle, her hands
clenched into fists at her side to keep them from pulling Maria's
hair, instinctively thrust her pelvis up. She realized what she was
doing when she heard Maria laughing at her. Her face grew red with
embarrassment, and Maria laughed harder. She closed her legs,
fighting the urge to finish the orgasm off herself, whimpering her
disappointment.
     "You are a hot little minx!" Maria said, pleased. "Let's see
if you're still like that when we get serious later. I can't wait
to sit on your face. I want to find out if that pretty kisser is
good for more than ornamentation." She got back onto the car seat
and pushed a button on the armrest. "Gereti, where are we, dear
cunt?"
     Danielle could hear the pout in Gereti's voice. "Don't dear
me! I can hear you having fun with her without me!"
     "All I did was taste her pussy. I haven't had any real fun
with her yet."
     "How's she taste?"
     "Tart and tangy, you big dyke. Now how about that progress
report?"
     Gereti laughed. "Watch who you call a dyke! We should be
pulling up in front of her apartment in about five or ten minutes.
It depends on how many lights we hit."
     "The less it takes, the better your chances of having fun with
our pretty little passenger," Maria playfully taunted her friend.
     "I hear you. Five then. Now let me drive!"
     Maria grinned and switched off the intercom. "Not long now,
sugar-walls. Not long now at all."
     In fact, they made it in less than five minutes. Several times
during that span, Danielle felt the car lurch violently beneath
her. Gereti was cutting corners it seemed. Maria remained on the
car seat, content to wait for the rest of the ride. She entertained
herself by making sexy faces at Danielle, sticking out and
wriggling her tongue suggestively, and miming vicious little bites.
Danielle remained as Maria had left her, naked from the waist down.
She wasn't taking any ungranted liberties.
     The car came to a stop. "We're here," Gereti informed them
unnecessarily. "Is everybody decent?"
     "Depends on how you mean that," Maria returned. She looked at
Danielle. "Fix yourself up, slut. When we go in there, your life
will be on the line. Act natural, and don't draw any undue
attention. Understand me?"
     "Yes Mistress Maria," Danielle said submissively. She got to
her knees and fixed her skirt, biting her lower lip nervously. She
couldn't help but draw some stares walking into the lobby wearing
a formal outfit and no shoes. Hopefully nobody would notice. The
situation would be funny if she didn't feel so frightened.
     The door opened. Gereti stood outside it, a conspiratorial
smirk on her face. "I'll wait with the car. Make it quick, Maria,
and I'll do my share with the driving."
     Maria got out and waited for Danielle to join her. They made
their way in through the front doors. Danielle watched as Maria
took out her key chain and opened the security door. She'd
forgotten to wonder how they'd get in without her purse. They went
straight to the elevator. There was no one around. The elevator was
waiting. Danielle breathed a sigh of relief as the doors slid shut
on them and they began their journey to the ninth floor.
     The corridor to Danielle's apartment was a dingy off-white
color that had degenerated to a sickly yellow. The paint was
cracked and peeling, and there was a faint odour of garbage under
the masking fragrance of disinfectant. Maria wrinkled her nose,
then grinned. "I think you'll find the mansion a nice change. The
servants' quarters will seem like luxury suites, and the dungeons
will make you feel at home."
     They reached the door to Danielle's apartment and Maria used
Danielle's key to let them in. The apartment was a tidy two room
affair, consisting of a kitchen-living room-dinette, and a bedroom
with toilet and bath. It was sparsely furnished though immaculately
tidy. Maria looked around haughtily. "At least you won't be leaving
much behind. You're stuff is in the bedroom I assume?"
     Danielle nodded. "Yes."
     Maria preceded her inside. "Let's not keep Gereti waiting.
You've got luggage?"
     For an answer, Danielle went to the closet and took out one
large, rather ill-used suitcase. She put it on the bed and opened
it. "This is all I have."
     "Very quaint. But it'll do. You're to take only business
outfits. You may also take an extra set of dress shoes if you have
them. I'll give you ten minutes."
     Danielle hurriedly began sorting through her meagre wardrobe
and came up with two must keep outfits, and a half-dozen fair ones.
She stuffed them into the suitcase with minimal care. There was no
way she could pack them to avoid wrinkling and meet her time limit.
Then she selected a pair of black high-heeled pumps, threw them on
top of the dresses, and forced the suitcase closed. Then she
reconsidered, opened the suitcase, took out the shoes, and slipped
them on. She held her breath, but Maria made no comment. Perhaps
she too had seen the incongruity of Danielle prancing around the
building barefoot.
     "All done?" asked her security chaperon. When Danielle nodded
Maria snapped, "Then let's go!" She started out of the apartment to
the elevator, and there was a brisk anticipation to her walk.
Danielle followed, suit case in hand, trepidation in her heart.
     This time, when the elevator doors opened, it showed the car
to be occupied. A petite, curly-haired blond woman, perhaps in her
early thirties was riding down to ground level with a pair of young
girls, presumably her daughters. The girls seemed to be about
twelve and ten respectively. Both were slender, sweet-faced honey-
blonds like their mother, though their hair was straight. The
girls' mother smiled shyly, then stared at Maria, obviously
startled by her outfit. The little girls stared too with their big
golden-green eyes.
     As the elevator made its way down to the lobby, the young
mother spoke up. "Pardon me for staring. That's a very," she
paused, groping for the word she wanted, "unusual outfit."
     Maria was all charm. "Thank you very much," she said
haltingly. She'd suddenly acquired an accent. Danielle tried not to
look surprised. It was a good accent -- subtle, not the contrived
exaggeration one often heard used in movies. "One of the, how do
you say ... fringe benefits? It is one of the bonuses of my work to
keep some outfits."
     The woman and her daughters looked on in wonder. "Are you a
model?"
     Maria seemed to blush, and Danielle marvelled at the woman's
mental agility as well as her acting skills. "Yes. Not a very
famous one. But I work at it. Are these lovely children your
daughters?"
     The woman smiled, suddenly friendly and trusting. "Yes."
     Maria smiled, raised an eyebrow in a simulation of disbelief,
and said, "You must have been very young." Then, as the woman
blushed in turn and nodded, Maria asked "What are their names?"
     The woman beamed. "This is Anne," she said, introducing the
older one, "and the other is Elizabeth. My name is Yolanda
Makecivek."
     The elevator doors opened. "Marissa," said Maria, extending
her hand. "Marissa D'Angelos. I'm so sorry we can not talk, but I
must get to the airport. I must go to Milan.  Maybe when I come
back?"
     "I'm in twelve ten. I'd love the company! Will you be in town
again soon?"
     Maria nodded enthusiastically. Danielle felt like she was
watching an oscar winning performance. "In two weeks for a swim-
wear shooting. I'll come say hello."
     "Maybe you could have dinner! I'd love to hear about the
fashion business! If you don't mind of course?"
     Maria shrugged. "It is not too interesting of itself. It is
the travel and the meeting people that is fun.  But if you wish to
hear it, we will talk. Arrivederci!"
     And getting into the limo was a perfect ending to the charade,
as Ms. Makecivek watched them enviously. She hadn't even thought to
question Danielle's part in this. Gereti had the trunk open.
Danielle put the suitcase in without being asked. Gereti then held
the door open for them, a model of the aloof servant. Danielle let
Maria in first, then followed. The lady and her daughters waved
good-bye, smiling.
     As soon as the car door shut on them, Maria burst out
laughing. She lay down on the mat, clutching her middle, fighting
the giggles. Danielle found it quite at odds with her prior
assessment of this woman's character. The car set off in a hurry,
the acceleration pressing Danielle into the seat bottom. Gereti at
least still had one thing on her mind.
     Maria finally caught her breath. "Was I good or what! Nicely
played, Danielle. You've passed one test already. What did you
think of the little girls? Weren't they darlings?" She stared at
Danielle awaiting an answer.
     "They were pretty."
     "We won't be going back there for dinner. But even if we
wanted to, Yolanda won't feel like entertaining guests when her
little treasures disappear." 
     Danielle felt a chill dance its way down her spine. Maria
crawled over to the seat and opened a panel beside the armrest. Out
came a phone. As Danielle watched in horrid fascination, Maria
punched out five numbers and waited. When she spoke, her
instructions were clear despite the semi-cryptic terms she used.
"Security central, this is Lost Soul. Code; Romeo kills Juliette.
I have a recommendation for pick up. Two pre-pube femmes at the
Dumac address, suite twelve ten. Copy?" She listened to the answer
and smiled. "Take them to the mansion," she continued. "We'll let
the Mistress decide their fate."
     Maria hung up and looked over at Danielle, amused. "In case
you're wondering, there are standing orders to report any
situations where pretty girl-children may be easily abducted. This
looked like a good bet. There will be two for the price of one, in
a run-down, security-lax building, with a probable single mom." Her
eyes turned hard. "I'm telling you this because if you succeed in
holding your new position, you'll have to deal with the disposition
of such chattel that we keep as slaves." Her smile was a threat.
"Get used to the idea. There is no room for scruples or
conventional morals in one who serves the Mistress."
     "What do you want with children?" Danielle was unable to keep
the shock and disgust from her voice.
     Maria began pulling off her gloves. "The same thing we want
with you. The Mistress likes variety. But you'll discover all that
soon enough. Now help me undress. Pull off my boots!"

*               *               *





Karen











     Karen Blackmoore had two offices in her tower. From one she
ran a legitimate business. She was president of Blackmoore Security
Consultants, a subsidiary of A. S. Sunder Enterprises. From the
other, she operated as commander of Asunder's espionage network.
That was her real job. The first was a total sham. She rarely
directly involved herself with Blackmoore Security other than to 
collect her healthy pay-check. On occasion, she entertained a high-
level client. Otherwise, that business was run totally, and very
efficiently, by subordinates. Her second job, however, got her full
attention. She lived for it.
     Perhaps for this reason, her second, secret office had come to
reflect the blackness of her heart. It was a large room on the
thirty-third floor of her tower, three floors below the roof. The
floor was accessible by a single elevator which stopped only at the
roof and on the main security level two floors below. The room was
surrounded by the offices of her most trusted agents on all sides
but one. After what had happened to Adelle, she considered this
infringement on her privacy a much better arrangement.
     Her office differed from her half-sister's quite a lot. Where
Adelle's office seemed bright and airy, Karen's was almost cave-
like -- dimly lit and low-ceilinged. Adelle's office was full of
plants, and was decorated with a classical Roman motif. Three walls
of Karen's office were taken up with computer and video hardware.
Her floor was of cold black plastic, as was the ceiling. The
windows at the office's south end were tinted black and didn't let
in much light. Wherever a section of wall was free of technological
infestation, it gleamed black. The room was lit by dim red and
yellow lights overhead, and by the glow of video monitors. 
     Karen had no desk in this office. A number of identical, high-
backed, contoured plastic chairs were spaced out along the walls.
Each sat before a computer interface. A large, low, black table
occupied the room's center. That was where Karen and her staff
planned their operations.
     The end of the office nearest the windows was bare of machines
for several feet. There Karen had a small military-style bunk, and
a dresser containing several changes of clothing. A door in the
south wall led to a small bathroom containing toilet, sink, and
shower. Opposite it, was another door that was almost always kept
locked. Few of Ms. Blackmoore's aides had any idea what it hid.
None of them asked.
     Karen sat before one of the terminals. One of her hacks had
successfully broken into a competitor's financial records. She was
going over the data looking for any useful bits. One of her hobbies
was selling secrets to would-be blackmailers. Her opponents would
have to deal with trouble while her operation took no risks, and
remained free of blame. Another monitor chimed. "Ms. Blackmoore,
Mr. Andrews is on his way to see you."
     Karen looked up from the screen and smiled. It had been a
while since Jason Andrews had last visited. She wasn't really horny
at the moment, but she knew that would change the minute that hunk
of beef walked into the room! She froze the screen she'd been
scanning, and walked over to the other monitor. "Have him wait
outside when he gets here. I'll see him in a few minutes."
     She walked over the room's far end and sat on her bunk. Slowly
she stripped naked. Karen was a sort of antithetical twin to her
half-sister. They were almost the same age. They were almost the
same height, and of similar build. But where Adelle had pale, pale
hair, Karen's was a glossy black. She wore it long. It hung
perfectly straight down to the small of her back. Her eyes were
dark too. Under certain types of light, they looked like they were
all pupil. Her skin was as pale as her hair was dark. It was silky
smooth, and unblemished. Her lips were full and red. The contrast
of lips and hair to skin gave her a quasi-vampiric appearance. 
     She was actually just a bit taller than Adelle, being longer
of limb. All her features were like her sister's except either more
slender, or more petite. She had that same hard softness to her
muscle tone, and the same grace and presence. She also had the same
sadistic turn of mind.
     Naked, she looked herself over briefly. She tweaked her
pointy, ruby-red nipples, which were slowly hardening in
anticipation. She stood and spread her legs. One hand went down to
her pussy, which was shaved in deference to her half-sister's
tastes. Using one of her long, red-painted fingernails she
viscously scratched her over-sized clitoris, gasping her pleasure.
     There! Now she was in the right mood! Removing her discarded
clothing from view, she went to the dresser and took out a sheer,
black lace kimono. Slipping it on, she went over to the inter-
office terminal. "All right, Jean, tell Jason I'm ready for him,"
she spoke into the intercom. She then released the door's
electronic locks.
     The door slid open with an almost inaudible hiss. It stayed
open briefly, outlining Jason's muscular form against the brighter
outside light. It then slid shut behind him. While he waited for
his eyes to become accustomed to the dim illumination, Karen
quietly walked up and knelt before him. 
     Her eager hands unbuckled his belt and undid his pants. Next
she unlaced his boots. He lifted each foot in turn and she pulled
them off. Not a word was spoken. She peeled off his socks, then
unzipped his fly and pulled down his pants and underwear. As he
stepped out of them, he pulled off his tee-shirt. Then he was naked
before her.
     As had become their custom, Karen took the initiative at
first. She reached out with her slender hands. With one she gently
cupped his scrotum. With the long, delicate fingers of the other
she reverently massaged his cock. She smiled at the sight of his
fists clenching and unclenching at his sides. She knew he was
fighting the urge to take control. She knew he wanted nothing more
than to grab her by the hair, pull her face to him, and shove that
glorious cock as far down her throat as he could. But he would have
to wait. He would have his turn at the wheel. For now, things would
move at her pace!
     She drew her face in closer and inhaled his scent. She too
longed to take him orally, but she wouldn't deny herself the
anticipation. God, she thought, he was even harder than usual! He
must have come straight from her half-sister, she guessed. She
pictured Jason squirming under Adelle's provocative gaze and
smiled. She wasn't at all jealous of her sister. They weren't
competitors. Adelle did her a favour by turning on her lover and
hanging him out to dry. Jason would have that much more energy
saved up for her!
     She let the front of her kimono fall open and brushed her
breasts against a firm, masculine thigh. The hairs tickled her
nipples. Her lover tried not to moan, and didn't entirely succeed.
She let go his privates, and grabbed his tight asscheeks. With a
gentle tug, she encouraged him to sit down before her. He did as
she requested, sitting on the cool floor with his legs spread out
before him.
     She sat between his legs, leaning back, and supporting herself
with her hands. Then she stretched out her long, gorgeously sleek
legs and began massaging his firm chest with the balls of her feet.
He sighed with impatience, but she could feel his excitement build
at her touch. He would never admit it to her, be he enjoyed this
long, drawn out teasing almost as much as she did. 
     Her feet worked their way down to his belly, and then to his
groin. She tried to avoid contact with his penis at first and
concentrated on stroking the inside of his thighs, kneading them
with her toes. Then, as she sensed his patience thinning, she
slipped one foot under his balls and rubbed it back and forth. The
other foot she pressed against his hard on, trapping it between his
belly and her sole. She began a slow up and down stroke, exerting
plenty of pressure.
     "Shit!" he whispered, desperately aroused. At her answering
giggle, he snapped, "If I come on your feet, bitch, I'll make you
lick them clean."
     Karen smiled wickedly. The foot that had been caressing the
underside of his scrotum slipped farther between his legs, and her
toes probed up between his buttocks. Suddenly unable to hold still
any longer, Jason grabbed her slim ankles in his powerful hands and
pulled her feet away from his lust-tortured genitals. As she kicked
her legs playfully, pretending to try and escape his grip, he
twisted himself up to a kneeling position. Then to her delight, he
pulled one of her slender, sexy feet up to his mouth and bit it,
hard. He bit till it hurt, and Karen felt her pussy begin to really
rev up!
     She leaned forward, doing a sort of sit up, reached with one
arm between her parted legs to catch a hold of Jason's fiery
erection. "I'm ready for the first course now," she purred huskily.
     She could see his lusty grin even in the dim light. He let go
her ankles. She moved till she was crouched down before him and
pushed her face against his groin. She loved the heat of his length
against her face. With great pleasure, she parted her lips,
protruded the tip of her tongue between them, and ran them down his
shaft, eliciting another lust-filled groan. When she reached his
balls, she stuck her tongue all the way out, ran it over and around
his scrotum, and back up his cock. Then, to put him out of his
misery, she finally took his thick shaft into her mouth.
     Jason was thick, but Karen was an accomplished fellatrix. With
hungry lust, she wrapped her full lips about the red-hot flesh.
There was a muskiness to his flavour that fired her imagination.
His tool hadn't been washed for a while, and that suited her fine.
She was salivating copiously, and she let her spittle escape her
mouth and run down his shaft. She ran her tongue all around his
glans, and then pushed the tip of it against the slit in his cock. 
She knew he was fighting the temptation to take her head in his
hands and impale her throat on his dick. But she'd laid down the
rules that they would play by long ago, and Jason had enough self-
control to follow them. He wouldn't risk angering her. 
     Her spidery fingers closed around the base of his cock, and
she began a slow, firm-gripped stroking action. Her spit acted as
a lubricant. At the same time, she slowly began swallowing more of
his erection. Her tongue savoured each fresh inch. She stopped only
when the head of his cock reached the back of her throat. She
sucked loudly on what she had, then slowly released it till she
held only a couple of inches. She shifted her position until she
could tilt her head back so that her mouth formed a line with her
throat. Then she slowly rammed her face down, swallowing every inch
of her lover's cock till her lips were in his pubic hair and his
manhood was in her neck.
     "Shit!" Jason whispered loudly, "I can't hold back much
longer. I'm going to come soon!"
     Karen moaned her acknowledgement, and slowly drew back her
head until only his glans was in her mouth. She sucked on that
hard, and stroked him with her hand. With an animalistic growl,
Jason came. His semen spurted into Karen's mouth. She smiled around
his shaft, and began to swallow it. She looked incredibly sexy as
gobs of the thick white cream seeped from between her parted lips
and trickled down her chin.
     It was a heavy load. With Jason, it always was. It was one of
the reasons Karen had made him her regular lover. Jason produced
copious amounts of cum, and she loved drinking it, or having it
smeared all over her face. She sucked it all down while making
appreciative noises. She used her fingers to spoon the cum on her
face into her mouth, and licked them clean.
     Jason withdrew his cock from her face with a sigh. It was
still hard. But it no longer looked like it would explode. He
watched her lick up the last of his load. When she was done, she
looked into his eyes and smiled. "Feeling better, lover?"
     "You've taken a load off all right."
     Her lips twisted into a horny sneer. "Then it's time for you
to satisfy me! You know what I want. Are you ready?"
     Jason got to his feet. "I'm always ready for you, you pig-
slut!" He was grinning too. She knew how much he loved this part of
their love-making. Of course, only someone of her peculiar tastes
could call this love-making! She eagerly got down on her back and
spread her legs wide for him. Her arms were stretched out above her
head. She looked exquisitely vulnerable.
     Jason licked his lips and sneered. They locked eyes, her gaze
both taunting him and pleading for release. Jason complied. He
kicked her in the cunt, hard! The ball of his foot made contact
with her hot, swollen flesh. She cried out in pain and ecstasy! He
continued to kick her hard, enjoying this chance to give his
sadistic nature free reign, and she loved it all!
     Soon, her cries became more and more insistent. He knew better
than to increase his pace. He knew she liked for it to last. But he
did begin to put more into each blow. In moments, she was coming
violently. He put his foot against her crotch, and ground his heel
down on her clitoris till her spasms ended.
     Now it was his turn again. His cock pulsed at the thought of
what came next. Karen turned over on her belly and raised her ass
up into the air. "Make sure you're good and dry, and as hard as
possible. I want this to hurt," she directed him huskily.
     Her face and breasts pressed down against the cool floor. With
her hands, she reached back and spread her luscious ass-cheeks,
revealing her tight, pink-brown rear hole. She felt Jason rub his
hard-on against her buttocks, drying it off. Penetrating her with
a dry boner would be tough on him too, but she didn't care about
that. She just wanted to feel her back door being violated. It was
a taste she'd acquired young. Her beloved father had first
penetrated her that way, and all through childhood, Adelle had
delighted in strapping on the biggest dildoes they had and fucking
her half-sister there.
     She made a delicious whimpering sound when she felt her
lover's thick, hot cock-head press up against her puckered hole.
Then she was being violently stretched. Only long practice
prevented the tearing of her delicate tissues. Jason groaned
himself. It was no easy task to slide his big cock through her
tight sphincter unlubricated! She didn't make it any easier on
either of them. As soon as he had secured entry, Karen clenched her
ass shut as hard as she could, fighting his further penetration.
Jason had to force his way in to the hilt. He would have to conquer
her ass. And she would get off on all the additional pain this
would cause her.
     Jason was a powerful man. He had no trouble overcoming her
resistance. He was also too tough to be bothered by how her dryness
chafed his cock. He pushed all the way in, then began a hard, rapid
pounding, withdrawing only a few inches each time. Karen gloried in
the menage of pain and pleasure. Soon, she was clutched in the
throes of another come.
     Jason withdrew his cock from her ass. As always, his reward
for outlasting her was having her take his somewhat shit-besmeared
cock in her mouth. That she did unhesitatingly, cleaning him off
with her tongue, and sucking him to his second orgasm. His second
cum-explosion was of only slightly less volume than his first. Once
again she drank it down with pleasure.
     "Satisfied yet bitch?" Jason asked her.
     Karen laughed. "I've not yet begun to fuck! Why, are you
wimping out on me?"
     "Fuck it, I'm just getting warmed up. We've got business,
that's all."
     Her eyes dropped to his cock. It had softened somewhat this
time. "Business can wait. I can't. If you're just warming up, why
is your shaft taking a time out?"
     "Cause you can't piss through a hard-on, bitch."
     Her eyes lit up. "You've got to piss? That's perfect. It'll
rinse the taste of cum from my mouth. Let's go get you some relief.
Then I'll give you a special little treat."
     "Oh? What?" he asked as they got to their feet and started off
towards the bathroom. 
     She smiled lewdly. "It's a surprise. Actually, I was saving it
for myself as sort of an after-work pick-me-up. But it'll probably
be more fun sharing it with you."
     "You've piqued my curiosity, woman," he drawled mockingly, a
controlled smile on his lips. 
     Karen raised an eyebrow. "Why do I get the feeling that you
still don't totally trust me?"
     "Because I don't. And you wouldn't respect me if I did."
     "Too true," she admitted.
     They entered the bathroom. It was a small, cosy space. Karen
turned on the light. She knelt next to the toilet bowl, facing her
lover. "Your choice, baby, it or me."
     In response, he took a handful of her hair and pulled her head
to him. She opened her mouth invitingly. With his free hand, he
pointed his cock at her face. "No contest, Karen." His words
dripped with lust. 
     She bent forwards and took the head of his cock into her
mouth. She wrapped her lips tightly around it. Then Jason began to
piss, and Karen began to drink. Again, it was an old habit. She'd
had her mouth peed in since she was seven. Jason had learned to let
out his urine in short spurts, so as to give her a chance to drink
it all. What little did escape, she let out on purpose. She knew he
got off on soiling her.
     When he'd done, she pulled his cock from her mouth and kissed
it. Then she stood and went to the sink. She rinsed off her face
briefly. Once she'd cleaned herself up well enough, she turned to
Jason. "Now, do you feel up to my surprise?"
     He looked at her and shrugged. "Sure. Why not. Let's see it."
     She went over to the other door, turning back to look at Jason
expectantly. His cock was stiffening again. He knew what hid behind
that portal. She punched out a code, and the electronic lock
snicked open. A panel swung aside to reveal a combination lock.
Karen believed in manual fail-safes! When she finally opened the
door, the lights automatically came on in the room beyond. She and
Jason entered her office's torture chamber.
     This was her true private sanctum. It was not a very large, or
extremely well-equipped room. She had access to several better
ones. But this was a place to take a break from her work. It was
fifteen feet wide and twenty feet deep. The ceiling, floor, and
walls were of rough stone. The light was provided by a number of
flickering pseudo-torches. These touches gave the space a sort of
authenticity. It was completely sound-proof. And, to Jason's
obvious delight, it was occupied.
     "Holy God, Karen! Who is she?" 
     Karen's smile was somehow frightening. "A birthday present
from Adelle. Abducted just for me. She arrived in a crate a few
days ago. I hung her out to dry here."
     The room's furnishings were sparse, but eye-catching. Karen
had done the best she could with the limited space. She had made
sure to include her favourite toys. Several sets of manacles
adorned the right-hand wall. Along the left-hand wall was a real
medieval wrack, as well as a stock. Next to them, set firmly in the
floor, was an narrow, stainless steel, sharp-pointed stake for
impaling. A noose hung from the ceiling after the stake. She loved
to watch victims die slowly at the end of that rope.
     The wall opposite the door was adorned by a low, stone
sacrificial altar. Near it was a sort of gynaecological chair
especially equipped for electrical tortures. Also along the walls
were shelves and cupboards full of whips, knives, clamps, pins,
tongs, pliers, restraints, and many other nasty toys. It wasn't as
extensive a collection as she had at home, and it didn't come close
to what Adelle had at the mansion, but it generally sufficed.
     Her "birthday present" hung suspend from her wrists by a pair
of manacles at the end of retractable chains that descended from
the centre of the ceiling. She would have dangled so that her
outstretched feet would have been a half-foot off the ground if
another set of manacles hadn't been clasped about her ankles. These
stretched her legs wide apart. But it was the exquisite beauty of
the victim that was truly striking.
     "If this is a birthday present, I want to get onto Adelle's
mailing list!" Jason was both slightly awed and bemused.
     "I knew you'd like her," Karen said smugly. "We have similar
tastes after all."
     He shook his head. "Darling, a guy would have to be either gay
or castrated to not react to her." Then he realized how his
comments might sound, and clarified himself. "I mean, you and
Adelle are the two most drop-dead gorgeous females I've ever met,
and though this girl comes close to being in your class, she isn't.
But Karen, she's a more perfectly beautiful victim than I could
ever have imagined! I'm surprised Adelle didn't keep her for
herself! What's her name?"
     "I don't know," she admitted. "And I don't want to know. I
just call her Princess. I do know that she's only seventeen. I do
so love my victims tender."
     Princess was a true prize. She was five five, and coltishly
slender. But she was more than fully developed in all the places
that counted! She had curly, light brown hair about a small, heart-
shaped face. Her features were delicately pretty, and suggested an
almost saintly innocence. This was especially true of her crystal-
blue eyes. At the moment, her face was filled with utter terror,
making her even more appealing. She was whimpering into a ball gag
that had been strapped into her mouth. It was a porcelain doll's
mouth, small with dainty but sensuously full lips.
     Karen had been in here several times in the last few days to
admire her prize, but still hadn't tired of the view. Princess had
a long slim neck that made Karen's fingers and palms itch. She had
been considering how she would finally snuff the tasty morsel.
Strangling her with her bare hands was at the top of her list. 
     Princess had a young girl's awkwardness that set her slender
looks apart from Karen's. The full breasts, firm and pale, with
chubby pink nipples, looked so helpless and vulnerable. This was
accentuated by her lean rib-cage and flat but soft-looking belly.
Her lower back arched in, and so her full, tight ass was made to
jut out lewdly. She was wide-hipped. This left a lot of room
between her immature but lush thighs. The length and slenderness of
her legs, because of the way they attached to her wide hips, made
them look delightfully clumsy. Karen was reminded of Walt Disney's
Bambi. Princess looked like a frightened baby deer.
     Even her feet were pretty. They were long and slender,
perfectly formed, with just the right height to the arches, tiny
heels, and fragile toes that were just a bit plump. Karen just
loved pretty female feet. It was a trait she shared with Adelle.
She was looking forward to torturing these. She just had trouble
deciding which method she would enjoy more. The problem was she
could only do them up right once. This held for all of Princess's
charms. That was why Karen hadn't started really hurting her yet.
     Jason had walked over to the suspended victim and was intently
studying her crotch. Karen smiled on noticing how carefully he
avoided touching her without having asked permission. He might not
realize it, but he'd been well-trained himself. His acceptance of
Adelle and herself as his superiors was akin to a deep
conditioning. He belonged to them body and soul.
     "I have to admit," he said, "that I really like this obsession
you and your sister have. Princess really looks good this way." 
     Adelle of course, had shipped the girl over with her pussy
shaved. Jason was right. Not only was it appropriate for a sex-
slave, but Princess's delicate pinkness looked better set off
against the paleness of her skin than it would have against the
brown of her pubic hair. She wasn't as full-lipped as Karen would
have liked, and her clitoris was small and demure. Karen enjoyed
torturing fleshy cunts. But Princess's box was tight and delicate,
and if it wasn't virginal, it wasn't far removed from that state.
Karen knew she would enjoy fucking it with some kind of shredder
dildo. That would be a treat.
     "So where did Adelle find her, and does she have a sister?
Maybe a baby sister, say about eleven or twelve..."
     Karen giggled. "No. It's a shame, but she's an only child.
She's the daughter of a big-shot real-estate broker. He made the
mistake of taking her to one of Adelle's business dinners. I saw
her there and it was lust at first sight. This was about, oh, a
month ago. Then when Adelle told me I could have anything I wanted
for my birthday, I asked for her. I think if Adelle hadn't just
promised me anything, she would have snatched Princess for herself.
As it was, she was a little upset, but complimented me on my good
taste."
     "And it took a couple of weeks to pick her up?"
     Karen shrugged. "Adelle happened to know her father was taking
her with him to Mexico. She figured that by snatching her there,
there was less chance of the kidnapping being traced back to her.
Of course, it's always possible that Adelle kept her for herself a
few days first, but even if she did, there's no harm done. The
goods were shipped undamaged, all ready for me to break however I
please."
     She'd walked up to him. Now she embraced him. They kissed, the
two cruel lovers, each hungry for the other. Jason's hands found
her breasts and squeezed them hard. "That's good, darling!" Karen
sighed huskily. "That's right! Pretend they're her breasts. Pretend
that I'm Princess, and you can do whatever you want to me!"
     Jason growled his response. He twisted and pulled on Karen's
breasts, wringing them viciously. She grabbed him by the hair and
pressed his mouth to hers. She fed him with her cries of pain. She
rubbed his calf with one of her feet. The head of his totally
restiffened cock poked against her belly, and her pussy felt like
it was melting.
     Finally, she broke it off. She'd actually come close to
another climax! But she wanted to save her energy for Princess.
She'd let her anticipation build for several days, considering the
various tortures she to which she might subject the girl. It was
time to do it. She looked at Jason. "Well, shall we indulge?"




[Note: this is part three of a very long story. It was never
written with the intent of making it public. It is very much an
anything goes piece of sex fiction. It will eventually cover many
taboo areas. Anyone that might feel uncomfortable with that should
not start reading it! But having been intended as a sort of novel,
it starts off fairly slow.
      The story will speak for itself. I have decided to upload it
for only one reason only. I hope for some feed-back from any who do
read it. 
      Recently, someone on this bbs started a series of stories
called Cute** (num.01 and up.) He encouraged replies be uploaded as
files named cutec**. You may reach me similarly. While I do not
intend to incorporate anything into this story that would conflict
with the plot as it was originally concieved, there are enough open
areas for characters and situations suggested by the readers.
The chapters of this story will be named Sunder** (01 and up) 
Comments and suggestions may be posted as Sund-c**.txt (where **
are the numbers 1 and up.)
     I hope that somebody out there enjoys this. 
  

.................................The Author.  (anon-sk)

-----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------






CHAPTER THREE











Danielle










     Danielle pulled off Maria's boots. Actually, she almost had to
peel them off -- they fit her that snugly. By the time Danielle had
succeeded in removing the first one, Maria had slipped off her
gloves, removed her cape, and was working on her corset. Maria's
bared foot was sweaty. But the only odour was that of the leather.
Danielle found that it turned her on. It was a strong, slender
foot, well pedicured, but rough-soled. Maria obviously spent a lot
of time working out barefoot on a rough floor.
     By the time Danielle had removed the other, Maria had unlaced
her corset. She had slipped off her shoulder-holster first, and now
pulled the corset off over her head. Maria's breasts were indeed
small but firm, perfect little peaches, round and unsagging, with
long, thick brick-red nipples. Her belly was flat and hard, and she
had a deep, sexy navel. But it was such a slender middle, it lost
none of its femininity.
     As Maria went to work on her skirt next, she looked into
Danielle's eyes. "What are you waiting for?" she snarled sexily.
"Strip naked, little bitch."
     Danielle obeyed with a mix of fear and fascination. She
removed her dress, her eyes never leaving Maria's body. She put the
dress atop the pile created by Maria's discarded clothing. Maria,
meanwhile, took off her skirt and was naked. Knowing how intently
Danielle was studying her, she spread her legs to give her a look.
She had a tight ass and firm thighs. Her pussy was a long narrow
slit of fleshy pink. It looked very good against the background of
a hairless crotch.
     "Now that we're both nice and bare, what games shall we play?"
Maria purred. There was something deliciously threatening in her
tone. She locked eyes with Danielle. "Any suggestions, my pet?"
Danielle shook her head hesitantly. "Then I'll just have to make it
up as I go. My feet are sweaty, Danielle. Why don't you be a good
girl and lick them clean while I figure out what to do with you."
She stretched out her legs and held her feet up before Danielle's
face.
     Danielle ran her tongue over her lips and bent her face
towards them. Maria jabbed the toes of one right through her parted
lips. Danielle bit back a startled cry, and began to suck on it. It
was a task with which she had some familiarity. She ran her agile
tongue over and between the toes. They tasted salty, but not bad.
Maria was obviously a very clean woman. Danielle thought she could
learn to live with this job.
     "Oh! You do that well, darling. You really have a very
talented tongue! You have no idea how good having your feet sucked
feels after a long day's work." Maria sighed with pleasure. "I'm
going to have to find a way to suitably reward you for this.
Something absolutely ghastly!"
     The car swerved rather violently then, jostling them.
Danielle, startled by this, fell back and accidently bit down on
one of Maria's toes. That drew a yelp and a giggle. Maria pulled
her feet back, scampered up onto the car seat and switched on the
intercom. All the while she stole glances at Danielle and shook her
head in mock disappointment. "Gereti, I know you're in a hurry,
dear, but if you don't get us there in one piece, how are you going
to enjoy this bit of ass?"
     "I'm sorry," Gereti's voice came back, "but the thought of the
two of you having all sorts of fun back there is making me wild!
You haven't started working her over yet have you?"
     Maria laughed. "No, but I'm going to right now. The bitch bit
my foot!"
     "Ooh," Gereti didn't sound impressed. "I'll bet that really
hurt."
     "Actually, I liked it," Maria confessed. "But as mistress
Adelle says, it's the principle of the thing. One shouldn't bite
one's betters unless asked."
     Gereti's pout could be heard in her tone. "You're just looking
for an excuse to hurt her without me."
     "Maybe," Maria's smile then made Danielle shudder, "but I'll
leave the sound on so you can enjoy her screams too."
     "You're all heart," Gereti sighed.
     Maria laughed and adjusted the intercom controls. Then she got
back down on the floor and made some seductive moaning noises.
"Could you hear that love?"
     "Perfectly, you bitch. That's torture, you know."
     "Ain't that the truth! Now sit back, listen, and drive!"
     Maria looked at Danielle. "Lie down on your stomach and put
your hands behind your back." 
     Danielle did as she was told, but not before giving Maria
frightened, lost puppy dog look that nearly made the sadistic young
woman cream. Maria licked her lips, and slid out a drawer hidden
under one of the seats. She took out a pair of gleaming steel
handcuffs. Giving Danielle no time to change her mind, she quickly
snapped them shut about the pretty wrists. She tightened them until
her charge cried out. Then, satisfied, she had Danielle turn back
over.
     "Now, isn't that much more comfortable?" she mocked the poor
young woman. "Next, I want you to lift your legs straight up
perpendicular to your torso. That should be easy for you." 
     Danielle did as she was told. Maria pulled a pair of hooks
from the secret drawer and screwed each one into slots in the
limousine's roof. They ended up implanted about four feet apart.
Maria then drew from the drawer two short lengths of chain each of
which ended in a steel cuff. The cuffs were snapped around each of
Danielle's ankles. 
     "Spread your legs now, bitch," Maria ordered her charge. She
pulled on each chain in turn and slid a link from each over one of
the hooks. The result was that Danielle's legs were nicely splayed
open and her privates were sufficiently exposed for Maria's
purposes.
     "Ooh, Gereti! You should see how nice she looks with her legs
bound apart! I can't wait to get to work on her!"
     "Stop rubbing it in," came the irate reply, "and get going.
Let me hear her scream."
     "As you wish, darling." Maria then looked deeply into
Danielle's eyes. "I hope you're ready to suffer a little. What I'll
do to you won't be anywhere as bad as what you might have to put up
with from the Mistress. And if you can't please her, she'd be
forced to, uh, terminate your employment." The wicked way she
smiled then made her meaning clear. "Now let's see what I've got
for you."
     She slid the first drawer shut and popped open a second one.
"This one is for torture devises rather than restraints," she
commented casually. She rummaged about in it intently. Danielle had
to raise her head slightly to watch her through her bound legs.
Maria noticed her squirming and smiled. "Perhaps I was a little
premature! You still have way too much freedom of movement! Well,
I'll take care of that right now!"
      Going back to first drawer, Maria withdrew a pair of leather
straps. The first was about an inch wide and a bit over a foot
long. The second was two inches wide, and about a yard long. Maria
crawled back over to Danielle. The first strap went across her
forehead. Danielle couldn't see how, but it was affixed somehow to
the floor. The second strap went across her torso, just above her
breasts. It too was secured somehow to the limo's floor. The straps
were tight enough to restrict her movement, but caused her no
discomfort. She could no longer lift or turn her head, or shift her
torso. 
     "There! That should teach you to mind your own business!"
Maria snickered playfully. She went back to gathering her torture
implements. "I was going to take it easy on you, but now I'm
beginning to think you need a real lesson in pain! We can't have
you behaving like that in the Mistress's presence, can we? I know
just how to teach you some proper slave manners. After all, I had
to undergo the exact same lessons myself only a few years ago."
     She had taken a number of items out of the drawer and put them
in a little box. She shut the drawer and moved back over to
Danielle. She swung a leg over her victim-to-be's luscious torso.
She was straddling Danielle's breasts. Due to her inability to move
her head, Danielle had to strain to catch a glimpse of pussy. Maria
smiled wickedly. She picked up something out of the little box.
Keeping it hidden in the palm of her hand, she slid back a little
further, and bent her face over Danielle's. "Close your eyes and
stick out your tongue!"
     Danielle hesitated. Maria lost the smile and slapped her
across the face with the palm of the empty hand, drawing a cry.
"Let's get something straight! This is not a game! When someone
gives you an order, you obey immediately. You do not get a vote!"
She slapped Danielle again. "Is that understood? Is it?" 
     "Yes, Mistress Maria," Danielle sobbed quietly.
     Maria slapped her again. "No one told you that you could talk!
You are a stupid bitch! Do you understand?" She smacked Danielle.
     Tears streamed down Danielle's cheeks. She tried to nod
silently, but her head was restrained! Maria slapped her again. She
wanted a reply, and Danielle wasn't sure how to give it!
     Maria smacked her again, harder. "I can keep this up all day,
you know. Though eventually I may decide to use a whip rather than
my hand! I'm waiting, bitch! If you don't show me you understand,
I'm going to recommend you for immediate termination on the grounds
of terminal stupidity!"
     "No, please!" Danielle sobbed.
     "Shut the fuck up!" Maria growled, hitting her again. Through
her tears Danielle saw that her tormentor had lost all semblance of
playfulness. As Maria drew her hand back again, Danielle closed her
eyes and stuck out her tongue. 
     The blow didn't land. "Well, it took you long enough to figure
it out! You are slow. But at least you're not incurably dumb! Now
just stay that way for a second longer!"
     Danielle did as she was told, trying not to sob out loud. Her
face hurt! Maria's slim fingers grasped her tongue. Danielle fought
an urge to withdraw it. It was just as well. Maria was using her
sharp, pointy nails to get a good grip. She knew something nasty
was coming, but she couldn't back out. She was really scared now.
This scene no longer felt like a harmless game.
     Something snapped sharply closed on her tongue. Danielle
screeched. Dozens of short little teeth bit into her tender organ.
They lined the insides of some sort of metal clamp. She heard Maria
say, "You can open your eyes now." There was a giggle back in her
voice.
     Danielle did so to find Maria holding a small mirror above her
face. "You look so sexy like this, I thought you'd want to see it,"
the sexy sadist said.
     Danielle looked into the mirror and saw that her the clamp
holding her tongue was long and slender, and had closed across her
tongue just in front of her teeth. In addition to it's length, 
short metal rods extended from the top and bottom of the clamp to
prevent her from withdrawing the least bit of her tongue back into
her mouth. There was a spring on one end of the clamp. On the other
end, a screw waited to be threaded into the base of the clamp. That
would secure the other end and, Danielle realized, it could be used
to increase the pressure on her tongue.
     Maria put the mirror away. "Doesn't it look darling? But I'm
afraid I'll have to tighten it to make sure it doesn't come off.
Forgive me, sweetie, but this will hurt!"
     Danielle watched Maria's fingers move to the end of the clamp.
With one hand, the sadistic young brunette pressed the top and
bottom of the clamp together. With the other hand, she guided the
screw to the bottom hole and began to turn it. Danielle whimpered
as the tiny needles lining the inside of the clamp forced their way
into her tongue. 
     Finally, Maria had tightened the clamp to her satisfaction.
"Better get used to it, love. I think I'm going to let Mistress
Adelle give the order to remove it. If she feels like it. Now,
let's see what else I can do to prepare you."
     Gereti's voice came over the intercom. "We're just getting
onto highway nine. It'll take almost twenty minutes just to get to
Hawkley road, and another ten to reach the mansion's private turn-
off. I don't think I can wait that long! I'm really feeling horny,
Maria!"
     Maria smiled. "Sorry, love. What about I give you author-
ization to exceed the speed limit? The special plates, and all that
bribe money the Mistress pays has to be worth something!"
     "Honey, came the reply, you know this road. It's dangerous to
drive it too fast!"
     "So? I like to live dangerously! If you're as horny as you
say, you'll find the skill to manage. I figure you can cut the time
to Hawkley road by almost half."
     "Maria, you are one sick bitch. Okay, I'll do it. I just hope
the Mistress doesn't find out about this. Or worst, that they don't
have to peel us out of a wreck at the bottom of one of these
drops," Gereti complained.
     Maria looked down at Danielle. "Nice going, Gereti. I think
little Danielle is about ready to piss herself in fright."
     Gereti laughed. "Wouldn't that be a sight? We've got to find
a way to get her to do that!"
     "Concentrate on your steering!" Maria admonished their
chauffeur. 
     "It's hard to do with all those delicious cries coming from
back there!"
     "Would you rather I shut the intercom off again?" Maria asked.
     "Uh, no, that won't be necessary."
     "I didn't think so."
     Maria returned her attention to Danielle. "Now, where were we
love? Oh, yes. I was about to do something to those lovely breasts
of yours."
     Maria swung herself around so that she was now straddling
Danielle's head, and facing her lower end. Danielle found herself
staring up at Maria's shaved slot. From it's musky odour, Danielle
could tell her tormentor was turned on. She wondered what Maria
would do to her next. Her breasts were so sensitive! Would she be
able to take what Maria might do to them?
     She felt a something loop itself around her left tit. It was
a coarse, thin rope. After a second, she felt it tightening. The
rough noose was tightened until it was biting deep into her flesh.
Danielle gasped as Maria tugged harder still. Danielle couldn't see
it, but she was sure that the top part of her breast was turning
purple! It sure felt that way! It hurt! Her tit felt like it wanted
to burst. 
     Just when she thought she couldn't take the rope tightening
another notch, Maria stopped tugging the end of the rope and tied
it off. But that was no relief to Danielle. Her tormentor quickly
looped another length of cord about her right breast and repeated
the process. The second noose wasn't made any less tight!
     "There," purred Maria when she was done. "Oh, Danielle! You
look so good that way! You should see how those parts of your
breasts above the rope are bulging. Your tits look like two
balloons!" There was a pause. "I wonder. If I stick them with a
pin, will they pop?"
     Danielle's eyes went wide with fright! She wanted to beg Maria
not to do that, but even if she could have spoken, she realized
that her pleading would only encourage her torturer to go ahead.
She held her breath instead, and submissively awaited Maria's
decision.
     "Nah," Maria said, to Danielle's relief. "I might as well wait
for Gereti to join us first. It wouldn't do to hog all the fun."
     The intercom crackled. "And don't forget it!" came Gereti's
amused reply. "I'm making better time than I thought. The road's
not at all busy today! Our luck, eh?"
     Maria was too busy concentrating on Danielle. She moved around
to kneel before her victim's pussy. She lovingly caressed the
inside of a soft, firm thigh. Her hand ran up to the calf, and she
stroked that as well. Suddenly, she was jabbing her nails into the
silky skin. Hands curled into claws, she raked down the length of
the leg. Danielle screeched shrilly. Raised red marks quickly
formed along the path Maria's talons had taken.
     Maria ran her palm over the bottom of the lower thigh. She
gently kneaded a buttock, and started stroking upwards again. As
she reached mid-thigh, again she pressed her nails into Danielle's
flesh, wounding her anew. This time, she scratched all the way up
to the ankle. Here and there, along the way, her nails had broken
the skin, and specks of blood were seeping through to the surface.
     Maria shifted her weight, and leaned forward, still kneeling.
She took Danielle's ankle between her hands, and raked her way down
the length of the entire leg, using all her nails, and pressing in
with all her strength. Danielle screamed shrilly this time, and
began sobbing uncontrollably.
     "Holy shit!" Gereti sounded both shocked and amused. "What the
fuck are you doing to her? She sounds like she's dying!"
     "Just sharpening my claws. Her leg makes an ideal scratching
post."
     "Maria, you are one sick little pussy!" Gereti giggled. "Not
too long to Hawkley. As a matter of fact, I think I see the sign
for it up ahead. Another klick or so. Don't mark her up too much.
I've claws to sharpen too!"
     "I'll save you her other leg," Maria promised, sitting back on
her heels and admiring the agony mirrored in her subject's face.
     Maria stared intently down at Danielle. "The Mistress would
really get a kick out of the way you look! I wonder if I should
leave the breast bondage on too? Those scratches look nasty. We'll
have to treat them when we finally get to the mansion, or they
might get infected. Who knows what manner of nasty germs might be
lurking under my finger-nails."
     Danielle felt the car slow and turn. Then it accelerated
again. "It won't be long now," Maria said, matter-of-factly.
"You'll like the mansion. If it doesn't kill you. Mistress Adelle
is ruthless but fair. One does have to work on keeping her
interested though. Any boring slaves are quickly disposed of. And
the Mistress knows only one way to dispose of her slaves. Mind you,
that is never boring!"
     Maria leaned forward again and slowly crawled between
Danielle's splayed legs. Smiling wickedly, she lowered her body to
her slave's. She pressed her small, firm breasts into Danielle's
tortured ones. "Mmm. You feel so good, love." She wrapped her lips
around Danielle's protruding tongue tip, and sucked on it briefly.
Then she slid her body back until her chest was between Danielle's
thighs. She shifted slightly till she could press one of her
breasts directly into Danielle's slit. She rubbed up and down. Then
she used one of her hands to massage Danielle's clit with her erect
nipple. 
     Danielle felt the beginning of a response in her pussy in
spite of the pain she was in. Maria noticed. "You see, if you
behave, you will be rewarded with pleasure on occasion. That is in
addition to the pleasure you will learn to feel from being hurt. We
do enjoy just making love sometimes. I think, if you learn quickly,
I would like to take you as a lover sometime. You are a very sexy
woman, Danielle," she concluded with a purr.
     Danielle moaned. It was the only reply she was capable of at
the moment. Maria went back to languidly rubbing her tit against
the rapidly dampening pussy. It was, Danielle decided, a welcome
change from the other activities they'd shared. She could get to
like this. The tit felt good against her cunt. It was soft and
yielding. She could almost forget the throbbing of her breasts and
tongue, or the fire along the length of her red-streaked leg.
     Unfortunately, the moment didn't last long. The car slowed
down, made another turn, and then came to a stop. "We're here!"
Gereti sounded triumphant. "I'm awaiting gate clearance. As soon as
we're ID'ed, we'll find a place to park and let her have it. Boy,
am I horny for her!"
     Maria sighed, and got off of Danielle. She went over to her
seat console. "I'll take care of clearance, and fix the log to
cover for our early arrival. I figure we can afford to take about
an hour with Danielle before we have to report in to the mansion.
Where do you want to take her?"
     There was a pause. "How about the East Wood? It's nice and
private, and it's ideal for what I have in mind."
     Danielle watched Maria consider the idea. "Sure, that's not
bad. We can have lots of fun with her there. Go for it Gereti. I've
transmitted the clearance codes. The gate should be opening."
     "That's a go. East Wood here we come!"
     The car lurched forward with a squeal of the tires. Maria went
over to Danielle and removed the leg cuffs. Danielle sighed as she
lowered her legs. She hadn't realized how much discomfort that
position had been causing her. Next, Maria removed the leather
straps holding her down. She waited patiently to see if Maria would
release her from any of her other restraints. But that hope was in
vain. 
     Maria helped her sit up. Moving behind Danielle, she briefly
rubbed her shoulders and back, helping to smooth out some of the
kinks. She continued to do this until the car came to a halt. The
motor died. Seconds later, the door opened. Gereti awaited them
outside.
     Maria pushed Danielle out of the car into Gereti's arms. The
big-boned brunette grabbed Danielle's arms, and pulled her to her
feet. She held Danielle at arm length, and took the time to admire
her nudity. "I love what you did to her breasts, Maria. I'm not
sure I approve of what you did to her tongue though. It'll be hard
to make use of her mouth this way."
     Maria shrugged. "I wanted to leave her like this till the
Mistress got home."
     Gereti pouted. "Oh, Maria! I've been holding back a call of
nature all the way here because I wanted to save it for her!"
     "Get naked," said Maria,"and I'll think about it."
     Gereti nodded and removed her chauffeur's uniform, throwing it
into the car's back area. The only parts of her body Danielle
hadn't already been exposed to were her breasts and mid-section,
and neither were different from what she'd expected. She was fairly
well endowed. Her flesh looked invitingly lush.
     Maria grabbed one of Danielle's arms. "Let's bring her over to
the picnic site."
     Gereti grinned. "Yes, let's do that!" She grabbed Danielle's
other arm. Together they half dragged, half guided their sex toy
along a path that ran into a thick cluster of trees.
     "The mansion is nicely private, Danielle," Maria explained.
"It's in the middle of a two hundred fifty acre property. We have
it fenced all around. There are three perimeters. There's a regular
wooden fence backed by barbed wire that runs along the outside of
the property. This is to declare that the land is privately owned,
and discourages most people from trespassing. Then there is another
fence that runs mostly among the trees. This one is about twelve
feet high and made of metal mesh. It can be electrified, though it
usually isn't. Lastly, there is the fence that runs around the
house itself. That one is under careful surveillance and is
carefully guarded. It is close to impossible for anyone to sneak
into or out of the house. The Mistress is also prepared to repel a
violent assault, but the chances of one ever happening is small. We
specialize in an offensive defense."
     They were walking naked amidst the trees. The path under their
bare feet was of dirt, but it was strewn with stones, and dry
twigs. Every so often, Danielle stepped on something that hurt her
tender soles. The other two must have been used to that sort of
thing, because they didn't even seem to notice. The trees grew
thick enough so that they couldn't see the sky. The scent of pine
hung lightly in the air. The temperature was mild, but in the
shade, with a light breeze blowing, Danielle felt quasi-erotic
chills every so often. They gave her goose flesh.
     She felt slightly dissociated from her body. It was like she
was watching from a short distance as the two lewd women escorted
her through the bush. Gereti was enthusiastically debating what
course their tortures should take. Maria mostly just agreed or
disagreed, only occasionally adding some refinement of her own.
Danielle didn't really pay attention. She was sure that whatever
they planned would hurt! But she reassured herself that no matter
what they decided to do to her, they couldn't harm her too much.
They had to deliver her to the mansion in one piece. She would just
concentrate on surviving the next hour or so. 
     The path took a turn to the left. It slowly became brighter as
the foliage overhead thinned out slightly. Soon she could see a
cozy clearing up ahead. Maria tugged lightly on her arm. "There we
are! The picnic spot! And guess what's on the menu, Danielle!"
     Gereti laughed. There was something threatening in that sound.
Danielle began to shudder from more than the chill!

*               *               *





Adelle






     Adelle Sunder sat alone in her office and let her mind drift
casually over the day's events. She was much more relaxed now after
having interviewed Danielle. She closed her eyes, and her perfect
memory recreated the young lovely for her in every intimate detail.
Her woman down at the Human Resources agency had really done a good
job for her this time. Danielle was as close to what Adelle had
been hoping for in a personal slave-secretary as it was possible to
come. Perhaps the death of Anne Marie had been for the best. She
had been a good worker, but had not been ideally suited for some of
her duties. Danielle showed more potential. She was both prettier
than Anne Marie had been, and had a more perfect body. She also
seemed much more intelligent than her predecessor. Adelle was
willing to bet that she could awaken a blood-lust in this girl. It
would be a pleasure, she thought, to break her in!
      Her pleasant mood, however, could not last. There was too
much personal business pressing on her. The dreamy smile faded from
her rosy lips. As her thoughts returned to the raid, her slender
fingers clutched the arm-rests of her chair, and whitened as she
gripped them angrily. For all the benefits her father had left her,
she resented him for the one very large inconvenience he'd foisted
upon her. It was his "curse" on her, as Karen called it, a curse
she had to find a way to deal with once and for all!
     She was the world's most perfect woman. Of that there was no
doubt. Her beloved half-sister was the world's second most perfect
woman. They were both incredibly beautiful. They were both blessed
with brilliant minds. Their slender frames hid great strength.
There were countless other gifts each had been granted. It was all
due to their father's unorthodox breeding program, and the unique
Sunder genes he'd had to work with. 
     But one part of Anthony Sylvian Sunder's breeding program had
failed. Adelle Sunder had another sibling -- one who hadn't turned
out as planned. And as much as she adored her half-sister, she
hated and despised her brother. The feeling was mutual. Stephen
Sunder was her sworn enemy.
     In her mind's eye she pictured her brother sneering at her. "I
know you engineered this raid, you sorry bastard!" Adelle muttered
to the mental image. Only Stephen could have figured out how to get
past her defences. He too would have ordered her office spared. He
wanted it for his own. Somewhere in the hidden heart of the
smaller, but no less significant conglomerate maze left in his
control, he was laughing at her. She was sure of it! That thought
alone was putting her in a killing rage!
     Her father had betrayed her in the end. He had set this final
test of her abilities. It was a test of wile and cunning, brains
over brawn. She and Stephen would fight over the final mastery of
the Sunder empire. But the contest had been stacked heavily in her
brother's favour. In the end, her father had never been comfortable
leaving his empire in a woman's hands.
     She made herself let go the armrests and take a deep breath,
but it had little effect on her nerves. Even her control had
limits! She really needed to blow off some steam. She briefly tried
to recapture the erotic mood Danielle had inspired in her by
picturing that lovely kneeling before her, nude and willing to
serve. But her rage kept turning the fantasy into images of blood
and gore. This further fuelled her lust, which further fuelled her
rage. No, she needed something more to snap out of this lousy mood.
Perhaps only real blood would suffice.
     She punched up the executive secretary from security on her
intercom. Sharon was taking care of details for her while she got
her new personal aide. "Cancel any other appointments I may have
for the day. If anybody wants me, I've taken a short vacation. I'll
be back next week." 
     "Yes, Mistress," came the reverent reply.
     "And Sharon, check out which of my lady agents are in today
and free, and have the highest ranked fighter meet me in the
sparring chamber."
     "Yes, Mistress. Will that be all?"
     Adelle felt an irrational anger at the question. She almost
snapped back a biting reply, reconsidered, and smiled at a sudden
thought. "No. Have somebody relieve you and join us in the gym. You
can join my little work out. I have a sudden urge for your
company." She flipped off the speaker before Sharon could reply.
She was already tasting the blood.
     Her private gym was on the next level down. Getting up from
behind her desk, she moved towards the rear of her office. There
were a number of paths leading from her desk to various parts of
the huge office. They were actually aisles formed by marble statues
and pillars, and the bushes planted between them, on either side.
This one led to a small clearing at the center of which was a small
fountain. 
     Adelle walked right up to it. The fountain was a parody of
many of those found in Rome. Instead of a the water spurting from
the mouth or member of some small boy or cherubim, it featured the
figure of one nude young girl squatting over another and pissing
into her mouth. The statuettes were of a fine pale marble,
exquisitely formed. Adelle reached over the rim of the fountain,
and pressed the clitoris of the pissing statue. A section of the
floor behind the fountain slid away to reveal a small stairway down
to the gym level.
     Adelle started down the stairs. They descended in a gentle
spiral. The next floor was twenty feet down. The stairs were
covered with a thick soft carpeting. A moulded brass hand rail ran
along the inner wall of the stairway. Soft fluorescent lights had
gone on overhead, and as she reached the half-way point of the
descent, a pressure sensitive plate caused the panel above her to
slide silently shut. 
     At the base of the stairs was a glass door. It slid open at
her approach, and she entered her private leisure area. It
consisted of the corridor that ran to the gym, off of which were
several rooms, including a private sauna, a complete washroom,
whirlpool included, a small bar, and a room reserved for those
occasions when she decided to sleep over at the office. She headed
for that first, taking off her clothes as she went. 
     First, she took off her shoes. Holding them in one hand by the
heels, she unsnapped her skirt, unzipped it, and let it fall down
the length of her perfect legs. She grabbed it with the toes of her
left foot, and lifted it till she could drape it over the shoes.
The blouse now hung down over a pair of skimpy white lace panties.
She began unbuttoning it.
     She reached the door to her office apartment just as she undid
the last button on her blouse. She placed her hand against a palm-
print analyzer, and waited for the door to slide open, but she
didn't enter. She tossed in the skirt and shoes, pulled off her
blouse and threw that in as well. Just as quickly, she took off and
tossed in her bra and panties, and then shut the door again. Then,
gloriously nude, she headed for the gym.
     As she passed the washroom, she glanced down at herself. She
was satisfied at what she saw. She was still smooth shaven all
over. Her pussy was as hairless as any of her slaves'. She liked it
that way. She found bare snatches highly erotic and suggestive. But
she especially liked to be able to look at a girl's slit and see
whether any of the inner pink folds peeked out. Hers hung out
generously! Has she been a man, she would have been hung like a
horse. She also had thick, deep pink nipples topping her firm
mammaries. She was a walking wet dream, and she knew it. But she
owed her sexual power to more than just her looks, and she knew
that too.
     The door to the gym slid open at her touch. The lights were
already on. Adelle entered the large room, and waited for the door
to slide shut behind her. The gymnasium was large and well
equipped. It took up half the floor, without counting the adjoining
private rooms. It combined a weight training area, all manners of
acrobatic training equipment, and a large sparring area at it's
center. There was also a series of aerobic training machines, and
another area devoted to archery and target practice with thrown
weapons. Access to the gym could be gained only through her private
entrance, or through a heavily secured antechamber through which
her sparring partners could enter at her invitation. It would be
there that Sharon, and whatever agent that had been available,
would be waiting for her to let them into the room.
     The gym here certainly wasn't as big or as well equipped as
the one she had at the mansion. There she also had a large indoor
pool, and an adjustable obstacle course, among other things. But
space was limited. It served her purpose as it was. It was a place
for her to come vent her fustrations, and release some of her
violent energies. She was careful to hold back when sparring her
agents. She needed them functional. But many of them still came out
of the sparring sessions requiring hospital treatment. Adelle had
had to post a new policy. The third time an agent required serious
medical treatment, she was to be sent to the mansion to be put down
at her convenience. This ensured that her opponents concentrated on
what they were doing when they stepped onto the mat with her. Most
of them even preferred that arrangement. It added an authentic air
of danger that was good practice for the real thing.
     She walked over to the outer door, and turned on the view
screen. Her work-out partners were waiting for her outside,
stripped and ready for the session. Sharon looked nervous. The
other woman was one of Adelle's favourite agents. Caroline was
petite and pretty, and one of the most vicious martial artists and
assassins Adelle had on her payroll. This, she thought, would be an
interesting work-out. She keyed the door open, and said, "Come!"
     The two women entered and bowed. "Good day, Mistress Adelle,"
they said in unison. Adelle was amused to hear the quaver in
Sharon's voice. 
     The door shut behind them. Adelle smiled. "Hello, ladies. I
hope you're ready for a real work-out. I've got a lot of energy to
work off. Let's get warmed up, shall we? Twenty laps around the
gym. Last one to finish gets twenty strokes of the cat between the
legs! Ready? Get set. Go!"
     They took off on her signal. Twenty laps was a moderate
distance, so Caroline and Sharon started with a brisk but
controlled pace, a fast jog. Adelle, sprinted quickly ahead,
confident in her ability to maintain full speed indefinitely. For
the first little while, she ignored them, except to be careful not
to bump into them when passing them. She was aware of having
completed five circuits by the time Caroline had finished her
third. Sharon was a quarter of a circuit behind Caroline, and had
begun extending her pace to take advantage of her longer legs.
     Adelle increased her pace yet again. Now she was running at
what would have been a record pace had it been timed in an official
competition. This wasn't surprising. During some of the agent
athletic testings she had been timed doing the hundred meter dash
in just under nine and a half seconds. More importantly, she could
keep up that pace for three times that distance, something no world
athlete would even dream of accomplishing. She ran her next ten
laps at close to top speed, working up a good sweat, then slowed
back down to a brisk jog, coming in behind the other two runners,
and matching their pace. 
      Sharon had managed to close the gap with Caroline. They were
both just starting their ninth lap. Adelle studied them as they
ran. Sharon was five foot six. She had a beach-baby figure. She had
frizzy light-honey-blond hair which came to just below her
shoulders. Her face was pretty in a slightly cold, angular way. She
was moderately endowed. Her best features were her long gorgeous
legs. She also had a nice, tight round ass. Adelle smiled. Sharon's
body begged to be raped. She had the kind of looks that would be
most enticing if she was resisting being taken by force.
     Caroline was barely five foot one. She was a lively bundle of
vicious energy. She was lean and built just a little wide for her
frame, but she looked good that way. She wore her coppery brown
hair cut short. Her face was oval, pretty, but with a killer's eyes
and a sadist's smile. Her breasts were the size of small apples.
She was tight all over. She was wide-hipped, and had short,
compact, but powerful legs. 
     Adelle matched her pace for three more laps, then slowed to a
slow jog. By the time she'd finished her last lap, the other two
still had their last four laps to complete. Adelle moved off the
track area, and watched. All her employees were required to be in
top physical condition. Of course for her field operatives, this
was a matter of survival. They needed to be in shape to carry out
their assignments. For those that worked in her offices, it was a
matter of looking good. They were all obliged to please Adelle
sexually upon request. Adelle didn't mind a little padding on one
or two of her women. She enjoyed variety. But she didn't want any
truly obese women on her staff.
     To this end, there were three complete fitness centres in the
building, one for the men, one for the women, and one mixed. All
were at the disposal of all her employees. Adelle expected them to
take advantage of this benefit. She even had several fitness and
diet experts on hand in each to advise her people on how to stay
healthy and fit. After having gone through that much trouble on
their behalf, anyone's failure to stay in reasonable shape was
grounds for their termination. 
     Sharon was just about out of steam. She had managed to keep up
with Caroline till the last lap. But at that point, it became
apparent that Caroline had been playing with her. While Sharon
began to slow down, Caroline put on one last burst of speed. She
finished a full half a lap ahead of her opponent. She continued one
more time around the track slowing gradually to a walk, while
Sharon gritted her teeth and finished the lap, then did the same.
     "Nice run, girls," Adelle acknowledged. "Sharon, you held up
well, all things considered. Go spread yourself on the bar and I'll
give you your twenty lashes." 
     Sharon meekly did as she was told. She walked over to the
acrobatic training area and over to the bar. It was like the
stretching bars that dancers used. She raised one leg, and wrapped
it over top of the wooden rod. Then she leaned back and slid her
other leg as far off to the side as she could. This left her shaved
snatched fully spread and vulnerable.
     Adelle walked over to a long low table in the south-east
corner of the room and returned with a wicked-looking cat of nine
tails. Each of it's nine tongues was two feet long, and made of
supple braided leather. It was a heavy instrument, and not at all
a toy. Adelle caressed the leather braids as she walked back to her
intended victim. There was a cruel smile of anticipation on her
pretty lips. Sharon watched her approach with a shudder.
     The gorgeous blond mistress came to stand before her victim,
off a little to one side of the spread target. Transferring the
"cat" to her left hand, she reached out with her right to stroke
Sharon's (1*
 (ex. Sharon had a daintily-lipped pussy. Her outer lips were set
wide apart so that her delicate inner folds were always in view.
Stretched as she was, even her labia were pulled a little apart,
and her pert love button stood out nicely amidst the coral-pink
petals. Adelle ran a finger from the base of the slit up over the
center of the inner lips, and up over the clitoris. She pressed
down hard on that bundle of nerves, and smiled at Sharon's long,
low, and frightened moan. She ran her finger down, dipping it into
Sharon's hole. Then she brought it to her mouth for a taste.
     "Ah," Adelle sighed. "Very nice. I'd almost forgotten how
tasty you were, Sharon." It was somewhat of a lie. She could
remember anything she'd ever done and recall it in full detail if
she wished. "Now, do you think you can hold still for all twenty
lashes, or must you be tied in place? If you request restraint,
you'll have to take an extra four lashes. If you aren't restrained
and fail to hold still for the full number of blows, you will be
tied up and given an extra dozen on top of whatever you've left to
go. Which will it be?"
     Sharon's face was had turned seductively pale. "I think I
should be secured, Mistress Adelle."
     Adelle raised an eyebrow and smiled a taunting smile. "Fine,
if that's what you wish. Caroline, fetch some cord, and help me tie
her off against the bar."
     The sadistic little agent hurried to do as she was told. She
came back with several lengths of one centimetre thick cord. She
handed half to Adelle and, together, they bound Sharon to the bar.
Her left ankle, which was draped over the bar, was tied off there.
The right ankle was tied to a metal bolt set in the base of the
wall. Another length of rope looped around her waist twice, and was
tied off to the bar. Next Sharon was made to lean to her right so
that her upper body was stretched out along the bar in line with
her raised leg. One loop of rope went around her upper chest, below
the armpits and above the breasts. Another tied her wrists to the
bar, leaving her arms stretched to their fullest extension.
     "There! My you look lush and lovely, Sharon! Are you ready for
your whipping?"
     "Yes, Mistress Adelle," the helpless beauty's reply was a
subdued whimper.
     Without further delay, Adelle moved back a step, transferring
the "cat" to her right hand. She raised her hand high above her
head, and swung it down with considerable force. The tongues of the
"cat" struck Sharon right across the tender folds of her pussy. The
bound beauty, who'd closed her eyes as she'd seen Adelle prepare to
deliver the blow, screamed.
     Adelle paused for only a moment to savour the effect of her
blow. Sharon's face had gone a pretty shade of red, and there was
the first hint of tears on her face. The cruel Mistress slowly
brought the "cat" back up to a ready position. She licked her lips,
and brought the torturous leather tool down again. The braided
leather cords struck the center of Sharon's crotch, and dragged
across it's length. The flesh around the pussy was already
streaking red from the impact of strayed tongues. Sharon's cry was
no less pain-filled this time. In fact, it was noticeably more
desperate.
     "Only twenty two more, dear. Come, you can take them. Next
time, make sure you're in better shape. That's what the gyms in
this place are for. You have such lovely long legs. They must be
good for something!" Adelle admonished her slave. She moved a step
closer and ran her hand down the horizontally bound leg. "At least
you keep them properly shaved and smooth, or I'd have to punish you
for that as well!" Her hand stroked back up toward Sharon's torso,
moving down to the inside of the leg as it progressed. Her fingers
ended up running lightly over Sharon's crotch, inspecting it.
     "Mistress Adelle, do you is there anything I can do for you?"
asked Caroline from where she stood watching the action.
     Adelle licked her lips. "Eventually. But not right now. I
don't want anything to distract me while I enjoy Sharon here. She's
actually getting just a little bit wet, you know. I think she might
be enjoying this just a bit. It's too bad she couldn't have learned
to love it more." She began inserting her two fingers into Sharon's
tight tunnel. "Maybe I should have you more intensely trained,
Sharon dear. Perhaps I'll arrange to have you taken down to the
mansion for a while again. You weren't there very long the first
time. Who knows... if you do well there, I might transfer you to my
personal staff. You definitely have the looks!"
     She pulled her fingers from Sharon's vagina, and raised the
whip. This time, she rained down ten blows with little pause
between each. She varied their target by just a bit, sometimes
landing them on the left half of the pelvis, sometimes on the
right, and mostly right across the pussy's center, though from
differing angles. Sharon screamed in reply to each blow, her face
turning a bright red colour, and the tears now running non-stop
down her face. Adelle kept the force of the blows moderate, but
still there were a few places between Sharon's thighs where drops
of blood were beginning to run.
     She paused then. "You're half way through, Sharon. Only
another twelve to go. Don't think that these won't be any worse,
because they will!" 
     The next six blows also rained down quickly but with moderate
force. Adelle gave Sharon's pussy a break by angling them to expend
more of their force against the tender white flesh of Sharon's
inner thighs. But Adelle had no intention of being lenient with the
last half dozen blows. Slowing her pace again, she raised her arm
high and brought it down with significant force, landing the lashes
directly down the center of Sharon's pussy. Sharon's body spasmed
against the bar. It was an arousing sight, and made up for the
hoarseness of her cry.
     "It's too bad I had to tie you up. I'd have had you spread
your pussy open with your fingers for these last few shots!" Adelle
blood-thirstily sighed. Then she smiled and turned to look at
Caroline. "But there might be a solution, don't you think,
Caroline?"
     Only the petite agent's intense training to obey her
Mistress's whims kept her from showing her distaste in a way that
would have got her into trouble. "Do you wish for me to hold her
open, Mistress Adelle?" she asked with a steady, business-like
voice.
     "That would be divine. Oh, and Caroline, don't worry. I won't
have you do it with your fingers. I don't want to waste the whip on
your hands when all it's force should go into mauling these lovely
genitals. Get a pair of long pincers, and kneel off to the side,
out of my way."
     Caroline bowed, relieved, and excited now about her task. Like
all of Adelle's agents she was very sadistic, and always blood-
thirsty. She scampered off to the section of the gym that doubled
as a storage cabinet for torture instruments. She quickly found
what she'd been told to fetch, and hurried back to Adelle.
     She knelt just off to the left of Sharon's vertically bound
leg, and reached up with the pincers. They were actually modified
vise-grips, with long, thin pincer-like jaws. One at the time,
Caroline brought each to it's target. She took the juicy outer
pussy lips in the toothy metal mouths, and squeezed slowly down on
the handles, savouring the closing of the jaws onto the delicate
flesh. The jaws were set to squeeze tightly so that, teamed with
the ridged metal of their mouths, they'd be able to retain a secure
hold of the slickest flesh. Sharon whimpered as the jaws finally
snapped shut and were held that way by the inner springs. Now all
Caroline had to do was concentrate on pulling Sharon's fleshy folds
apart to fully expose the inner pink to Adelle's sadistic
pleasures.
     Caroline gleefully did just that. Kneeling with her arms
outstretched and in tension would be an uncomfortable position to
maintain for long, but to hold it for the five remaining blows
would be no problem. She peeled the outer folds back, pulling hard,
and stretching them till Sharon had a new source of pain to deal
with. This tension would make Adelle's blows all that much more
effective.
     Adelle was well pleased with the way Caroline was doing the
job. She licked her lips again, hungrily. Her arm went up above her
head. Then the "cat" whistled down, and the leather tongues
crackled over the splayed pussy, digging into the soft flesh, and
tearing at it in places. There was considerably more of Adelle's
formidable strength behind this blow, although it was far from
being full force. Sharon's body convulsed, and her raw throat was
further tortured by another unsuppressible scream. She was sobbing
continuously, and piteously now. Her face was an arousing reddish-
purple hue. 
     "And four more!" Adelle declared, delightedly as she raised
her torture toy yet again. Again it cracked down hard. She was
raining the blows directly along the length of the cunt, to avoid
having the metal pincer-jaws interfere with her efforts. The
leather bruised the pussy a messy shade of purple. "Three more!"
Adelle informed her victim.
     Adelle was extremely aroused. She was well on the way to an
orgasm. It would feel good to gain that release, she thought to
herself. It might be one way to purge herself of her frustrations.
Or at least it would be a good start. She had a feeling that she
would be engineering herself several such orgasms during this
"work-out" session.
     She was well aware that Caroline too was extremely aroused. If
that little agent-slut thought that she'd be able to escape any
punishment of her own this day, she was sadly mistaken. She would
find an excuse to discipline her as well! But she would also reward
her with an orgasm. After all, Caroline was one of her better and
more obedient agents, and deserved extra-special consideration, if
only to induce similar performances from the other agents. A little
positive stroking could go a long way!
     "Move a little further back and spread your knees, Caroline!"
Adelle ordered the little bitch.
     "Yes, Mistress Adelle!" Caroline promptly replied. She
somewhat nervously did as she was told, unsure of what her
beautiful commander-in-chief had in mind.
     Caroline was pleasantly surprised. Adelle moved lifted her
left foot and stepped over Caroline's thigh. She put her foot down
between Caroline's compact legs, and rubbed her slim heel against
her agent's definitely wet crotch. Caroline couldn't resist. She
let out a long low purr. Adelle turned to look down at her, smiling
wickedly. "I hope you're still purring when it's your turn," she
said, a cold sarcasm tinging her voice.
     Adelle turned back to Sharon. Her next blow was no worst than
the one that had preceded it. As Sharon recovered from it, Adelle
counted down, "Two more!" With no more pause than that, she
delivered the next to last swing.
     She paused then. "Only one more to go, Sharon dear, so I'll
let you catch your breath for a second," she told her victim. At
the same time she pushed her heel back hard into Caroline's pussy,
and rubbed it up and down. Caroline's clit and labia felt good
mashed against her foot, and she could tell that Caroline was close
to cuming. Without even looking down at her, she said, "Don't you
dare have an orgasm without permission, Caroline, or your
punishment will make Sharon's look like a walk in the park!" At the
same time, she took care to make the movements of her heel against
the pliant pussy slower and more erotic, pushing Caroline higher
and closer to the fatal peak. Adelle smiled at the desperate
frustration in Caroline's moans.
     "Okay, Sharon, this is the final one. Hang on, because I
guarantee you that it will be the worst of the bunch!" Adelle
declared matter-of-factly. She raised her strong, slender arm up
over her head, and shifted her weight slightly more to her front
foot. She had to stop moving it against Caroline for a moment, but
was able to press back into that cunt harder. She savoured the
sight of her target, and carefully took aim. Then she swung down,
shouting, "Yes!", as she did.
     This blow packed much more power than any of the others. Had
she been using a lighter whip, she might have used all her
strength. With the thick leather tongues of the "cat" she had to
hold back just a bit. She didn't want to do Sharon any permanent
damage. But the leather still cut into the soft tissues this time,
and blood began to flow. Sharon's eyes rolled back, and with one
final spasm, she passed out.
     Adelle stepped back, moving out from between Caroline's legs.
She stared at Sharon's unconscious form for a second, enjoying the
sight. Then she looked over at Caroline. "Okay, remove the pincers.
Then I want you to carefully untie her. We'll carry her over to the
one of the weight benches, and let her recover. I was a little
harsh on her." She paused. "But damn! That felt good! I think
though that we'll be doing most of the rest of the work-out on our
own."

*                 *                *



Jason











     Jason stared at Princess wanting nothing better than to
indulge. The thought of that exquisite piece of girl-woman flesh
being at his and Karen's mercy had caused his penis to once again
swell to it's fullest extension and thickness. Karen's hand on his
pulsing dick wasn't helping matters. Her strong, delicate fingers
were lightly frictioning him, building his arousal. She was aware
of how his passion fuelled his cruelty, and she was summoning the
blood-lust in him. In turn, he knew, his cruel lust would feed
hers. It was a fair exchange. Karen at her sadistic apex was an
enormous turn-on to him. He had never really had an opportunity to
see Adelle in action -- though Karen had told him stories -- so he
considered Karen at her most vicious the sexiest female on earth.
     "She's been hanging there for the last three days," Karen told
him. "I let her down every four hours so that she can lie on the
floor and regain her strength. After two hours of rest, she's
hauled back up. I haven't fed her solid food since she arrived.
She's been given minimum amounts of liquid nutrients. She's been
given an enema each of the days she's been here, so she's totally
empty inside. The nutrients keep her healthy, but are drugged to
increase her hunger. Right now she'd probably eat anything."
     "Anything?" Jason smirked, cupping Karen's ass, and pushing
his fingers against her rectum meaningfully.
     Karen smiled at him. "That is one of my plans for her.
Remember, whatever we do today, I mean to make this one last. I
want her suffering to go on a long time before I finally end it."
     "You aren't planning on snuffing her today?" he asked,
slightly disappointed.
     She giggled and kissed one of his nipples, then bit it gently.
"No. And I don't think I'll invite you for that. I think I want to
save her death for myself. But I might let you mutilate her a
little bit. Don't try pouting. I'd lose all respect for you. Now
why don't you go on and have a taste!"
     Jason shrugged to hide his disappointment. He very much longed
to kill Princess himself. But, as with Adelle, there was no arguing
with one of Karen's decisions. He sighed. He would make the best of
the opportunity now before him and just enjoy himself. Perhaps
Karen would reconsider. Or perhaps not. That was beyond his
control. But Princess was here now, hanging helplessly before him,
exposed to any caress he might want to make. He would indeed have
a taste. 
     He walked right up to the dangling young victim, bent his
head, and put his mouth to her pussy. It was dry and clean, but as
he ran his tongue along it's length several times, the young girl
couldn't help but moan and give off just a bit of lubrication. He
flicked his tongue expertly over her young clitoris, then darted it
up her tight, hot hole. 
     "Well?" he heard Karen ask him.
     He reluctantly withdrew from his task. "She's salty-sweet.
Very nice. Almost as nice as you. But not quite."
     "Ooh! Flatterer! You know just what to say to a woman, don't
you?" Karen giggled. "Not that it would get you anywhere! But
you're right. She does have a nice taste. I've taken my fill of her
the last couple of days! I wonder what she'd taste like cooked?"
     Jason arched an eyebrow. "If you ever decide to find out,
invite me over. I've never indulged in human flesh before. But she
makes my mouth water for it." Then he ran his tongue over his upper
lip and asked, "But have you? Eaten human flesh?"
     Karen looked at him cooly. "I'm not going to say. I'll leave
it to your imagination. How well do you think you know me? I can
talk about carving off her breasts and having them sliced into fine
fillets, and sauteed in a light butter sauce. But you'll never know
if I've done it or if it's just a fantasy."
     "I would somehow bet against you letting anything remain just
a fantasy," Jason returned. When Karen just shrugged, he let the
subject drop and went over to the wall where the whips were
displayed. "Just in case you are hungry for her, it might be wise
to start tenderizing her flesh. Not that she doesn't look tender
enough already," he joked. 
     "Yes," Karen half sighed and half hissed. "I'll give you the
choice of weapons. Be a dear, and grab one for each of us."
     As always, Jason found himself fascinated by the odd variety
of tools Karen had on display. He found it hard to believe that all
these whips could be acquired in sex shops. He was positive that
some of them had to have been specially made to order. There was no
way that they could all be legal. One in particular always captured
his imagination. It consisted of a two foot wooden stick about an
inch thick. The grip consisted of leather bindings. The last foot
of it was tightly wrapped in barbed wire. A thin, foot-long steel
chain extended from that end, and from that dangled a spiked steel
ball the size of a large plum. There was no way on earth, that
something like that could be generally available!
     Much as he was tempted to take it, he knew Karen would not
approve. She would want to start fairly slowly if she intended to
make Princess last for any significant length of time. He took,
instead, a pair of plain birch rods. They were three feet long, and
went from three-quarter inches thick at the handle to a quarter
inch thick at the tip. The grips of these too were wrapped in
leather. Karen, of course, always went first class! He walked back
to her with the wicked rods, and handed her one.
     She locked eyes with him and smiled as she took it. With her
left hand she reached out to cup and stroke his balls once again,
lightly running her nails along the underside of his scrotum. He
felt a thrilling shiver run through him. At times like this, he
couldn't help but be aware of just how dangerous a woman she was.
Nevertheless, her deadly nature made her all the more attractive to
him. They were each other's type.
     "These are a fair choice for the first course," Karen nodded.
"I wonder what Princess might think of them?" She moved closer to
the bound and dangling slave and held her rod up for the sobbing
girl to see. "What do you think, bitch? Do you like it? Will you
enjoy the way these babies will kiss your body?" She reached out,
and ran the tip of the rod over the helpless young lady's bod,
starting from the throat, and tracing down to and around one of her
breasts. The fear pooled in Princess's eyes was deep enough to
drown in. Karen continued to run the birch rod's tip down the body
till she was pressing it into the top of the girl's pussy, flicking
it over the clit.
     Jason took his penis in his free hand and gave himself a
couple of slow firm strokes. He was hard as iron. He couldn't wait
to beat the lovely young thing. Watching those two lovely bodies so
close together was very stimulating. He couldn't help imagining
Karen making love with the girl. They would look so good together.
He wordlessly advanced to stand next to his raven-haired lover so
that he could watch her cold eyes as she teased their victim.
     She noticed him there, and lowered the rod. "Ready?" At his
nod, she smiled her cruel smile. "We'll start off slow, alternating
blows. Okay? Any target counts, and spread them out over all of
her. I'll go first."
     He nodded and watched as Karen circled around the dangling
form. Princess was hanging fairly still. Her hunger had left her
weak, and perhaps too dazed to really realize what was going to
happen to her. That would change very shortly. Karen took a two-
handed grip on her rod, holding it as one would a heavy sword. She
actually looked like a lovely barbarian amazon warrior. Suddenly,
she swung, and the rod lashed across Princess's right hip and
buttock. There was a sharp crack! Suddenly, Princess was no longer
still, but was thrashing about, her young, coltish legs straining
against the chains that held them apart. Fresh tears streamed down
her reddening face. The ball gag muffled the scream into a gurgled
moan.
     Jason walked over to the squirming bitch. Karen's blow had
raised a lovely welt. It was angrily red, and was slowly shading
into blue. It showed up very well against Princess's pale skin. He
reached out and ran his fingers firmly along the bruise, feeling
the young beauty trying to jerk herself away from him. Then he took
a step back, took his own rod in both hands, and struck a heavy
blow across the young bitch's back.
     Karen was still moving around their victim. She gave Princess
a few seconds to savour her most recent pain. Then she spun and
brought the rod against the girl's tender breasts in an upward
sweep. It cracked into their underside, lifting them up while
sinking into their firm softness. Even as she moved back, Jason
took his second swing, bringing his rod down along the length of an
outstretched thigh. 
     Karen paused. "Something's missing."
     Jason stepped back. "Oh?"
     "Yes. I think I want to hear her scream. Be a dear and remove
that ball gag from her mouth. I don't think we'll have to worry
about her annoying us with begging any more. I doubt she's in shape
to do anything but scream!"
     Jason reached up behind the girl's head and undid the gag's
buckle. Then he moved around to her front and used one hand to
force her jaws apart, and the other to remove the ball from her
mouth. He threw the gag against a wall. Princess's sobs could be
heard clearly now. They made him hornier.
     "There. That should be much better. Let's try it!" Karen said.
She waited for him to move away from the girl, then struck. Again
it was an upsweeping blow. This time she struck her victim right up
between the legs.
     Princess's scream was unmuffled this time. It echoed off the
walls, filling the room. Jason found it filled him with energy. He
paused only long enough to enjoy the way the young lady convulsed
in her bondage. Then he launched his own blow, striking her across
the inside of her right thigh.
     They continued the game a good while. After they'd each landed
about twenty blows alternating and taking their time, Karen picked
up the pace, striking immediately after him, and encouraging him to
strike right away. Princess had to take another ten blows from each
of them before Karen signalled a halt. 
     Princess had lost a good deal of her voice from all the
screaming she'd done. They'd concentrated their blows on her
breasts, thighs, and pussy, with a few across her back, belly, and
ass for variety. She was both welted and bruised. The rods were
fairly thick, and they'd been wielded heavy-handedly. The girl's
skin was slightly broken in a few places, and little rivulets of
blood seeped forth from these.
     Jason had no time to admire their handiwork. Karen came over
to him and handed him her rod. "Put them away, lover. I think I'm
going to take Princess down and get her ready for her next
torture."
     He did as he was told. He wiped the rods clean before putting
them back in their place. Karen, meanwhile, had opened the cuffs
that had been locked around the girl's slender ankles, letting her
feet swing down to the floor. Then she walked over to a small panel
near the entrance and used it to unwind the chains that held
Princess stretched upright.
     The weak, sobbing girl collapsed to the floor in a heap. Karen
walked over to her and freed her wrists as well. Jason came to
stand over them as this was happening, and just watched. "Okay,"
said Karen when she was done, "give me a hand with her."
     "Where do you want her now?" He grabbed one of the girl's
arms, and Karen grabbed the other. They easily hefted her up
between them. 
     "I want to keep taking it slow, but I want to be able to
concentrate on her most delicate parts. Let's put her on the
altar."
     He helped Karen take the limp girl over to the altar, and the
put her down on it. Karen positioned her so that only the upper
half of her body was actually on the cold stone slab. One at the
time, she pulled Princess's arms down along the sides of stone
block, and cuffed them there. Then she pulled a strap across the
girl's lower belly and cinched it tight. 
     "She's going to have trouble breathing like that," Jason
observed. Karen said nothing.

     Instead, she grabbed one of the girl's slender ankles, pulling
it back, and then up. She cuffed it to the end of the altar so that
the foot lay along the stone just behind and below Princess's ass,
pointing down. She cuffed the other ankle the same way. For the
final touch, she worked a length of cord up between each calf and
thigh till she could tie them off around the knee. She pulled each
leg back, and used these ropes to tie them off that way. This left
Princess's pussy and ass fully exposed, suspended in the air.
     All done, Karen looked at him. "I'm going to play with her
upper parts first. Want to fuck her while I do that?"
     He looked at the tender, helpless cunt, all welted and
bruised, and felt his need to penetrate it. It looked so tight.
"Thanks, I think I will," he said, stepping between the slender
legs. He had bend at the knees in order to align his cock with the
girl's hole. "No chance she's a virgin, eh?"
     Karen laughed. "Do you think if she was that I'd have left her
deflowering to you? I've used both her holes. But it was mostly
exploratory. I didn't use anything as big as you are on her. So
enjoy."
     His cock head touched the entrance to her vagina. He made sure
his tip was properly inserted, then grabbing a hold of the girl's
slender waist, he thrust forward hard. Princess had been quietly
sobbing up till then. His violent penetration of her box drew a
short scream and a desperate moan. She was tight but not completely
dry. He easily forced his entire length into her. He looked up and
smiled at the fresh tears that were running down her face.
     Karen had fetched herself some toys to use on the girl. Now
she returned and stood next to the girl's head. Jason watched as he
continued his forceful fuck. Karen was holding a delicate pair of
stainless steel pliers in her right hand. With her left, she forced
the girl's jaws to open. Princess managed to whimper out, "No,
please!", the first real words he'd heard her say. But Karen
ignored that. Pushing the pliers into the girl's mouth, she took
hold of the tongue and drew it out. 
     Jason smiled. His orgasms in Karen's office had taken the edge
off his need to cum. He would be able to stay hard indefinitely
now. He moved one of his hands down to the young victim's crotch,
and took the nubby clit between his thumb and forefinger. He began
to squeeze it hard as he fucked her, twisting it too.
     Meanwhile, Karen let go of Princess's jaw, and transferred the
pliers to her left hand. She was still squeezing hard on the tender
tip of the girl's long tongue, pulling it as far out of the mouth
as she could. With her right hand, she picked up a long, thin
needle. She held it up so that both Jason and their victim could
see it. "Are you watching," she asked her assistant. " I wouldn't
want you to miss the show!"
     Jason nodded and squeezed harder on the girl's clitoris.
Princess was truly crying hard now. She was terrified, and in a lot
of pain. Her face was bright red, and the tears coursed down her
face like twin waterfalls. She was about to hurt a lot worse. Karen
lovingly brought the tip of the long needle down onto the tongue
just outside the girl's mouth. As Jason watched, his cock throbbing
harder and harder inside the tight, hot, velvety cunt, Karen slowly
began pushing the needle through the girl's tongue.
     The needle was a good four inches long. Karen pushed it right
through the girl's organ till an equal length of needle protruded
from both the top and bottom of the tongue. It had been inserted
off the tongue's center, off to the right. Karen quickly took
another needle, and proceeded to stick it in at the same distance
back, but on the left side of the tongue. Princess was thrashing in
her bonds. If not for the grip of the pliers on her tongue, she'd
have been shaking her head from side to side in her agony. Blood
dripped down from the punctures. It fell onto and trickled down the
girl's cheeks. Jason thought it looked beautiful.
     Karen picked up a third needle. This one was a little longer
than the first two. She ran this one through across the tongue from
left to right. The effect was that on top of it all, it would be
impossible for Princess to pull her tongue back into her mouth
without ripping it to shreds. Only then did Karen release the grip
of her pliers.
     Jason pulled out of Princess's pussy, and used his free hand
to wipe off his cock. Karen noticed and raised an eyebrow.
"Finished already?"
     Grinning, Jason shook his head. "No. I just decided I want to
start raping her ass before you've got her so out of her head with
pain that she can't appreciate it! By the way, I though you were
planning to feed her your shit. How's she going to eat it done up
like that?"
     Karen shrugged. "She can have dinner later. I promise to feed
her before you leave, probably after we have our briefing. We do
have to get back to business eventually. This wasn't just a social
call, remember? We'll work her over for a bit, then let her recover
while we make our plans. Then we'll play a little more before I
kick you out."
     She watched him put the head of his huge cock against the
girl's tight anal opening. Ignoring her, he began slowly forcing in
the first inch of his shaft. When he was sure he wouldn't slip out,
he grabbed hold of the girl's hips with both hands, and in one
thrust, forced himself into her. He gave a satisfied grunt as he
felt a slight tearing in the muscle that was tightly grasping his
rod. He looked down and admired his thickness going in and out of
the helpless girl. He smiled when he noticed the trickle of blood. 
     "You do that so well," Karen smirked, having enjoyed the show.
     "Practice," he grunted, "makes perfect."
     Karen laughed, and then turned to get on with the next part of
her torture. She picked up a bundle of thin, tender wooden
switches. First she placed a narrow blindfold over Princess's eyes.
"I don't want to risk blinding you quite yet, love," she cooed to
her victim. Then she began whipping the girl's face.
     The switches were of young birch-wood. Mostly they just stung
terribly. Karen was hitting her hard. But here and there, one of
the tips was a little harder and cut into the girl's face. Karen
also made sure to concentrate on the exposed tongue. This caused
her victim untold agonies.
     Jason was in a position to truly appreciate Karen's efforts.
Not only was he enjoying watching the whipping, but the pain was
making Princess's sphincter spasm against his cock. It felt
marvellous.
     Karen beat Princess's face till it was red from more than just
her crying. The once pretty visage was now all scratched and
welted. Karen threw the bundle of switches aside. She looked over
at him and asked, "How are you coming along?"
     "This has been a blast so far. But I've still got a way to go.
What are you going to do next?"
     "I've done with her face for now. It's time to play with her
breasts a bit. You'll have to be finished by the time I'm done with
them though. I'll be coming for her privates after that."
     Jason grunted. "If I'm not ready to finish by then, I'll save
it for you."
     He was eager actually to see what she would do to the girl's
lovely breasts. He regretted that so far all he'd been able to
inflict on this tender morsel was this violent rape, fun though it
was. He took hold of her clitoris again and squeezed it between his
strong fingers. It had still turned into a good day.
     Karen's plans for Princess's breasts opened with another
whipping. This time she used a bundle of switches made up of tender
rose stems, complete with thorns. Jason whistled his appreciation
when he saw it. That would have those glorious knockers awash in
blood in no time!
     Karen raised the cruel instrument high and brought it down
hard across the girl's chest. The stems crackled against the firm
tit-flesh. The thorns dug in and scratched their way out, leaving
trails of blood along the lovely white skin. Princess's screams,
however, were no louder. The poor girl was almost too weak to care
any longer. 
     Jason wasn't the only one to notice. Karen lashed the breasts
a dozen times, then put the bundle away in disgust. "Shit! She's
just about passed out! It's no fun torturing dead meat!"
     "Starving her three days must have drained her too much, eh?"
Jason sighed. He continued fucking the tight ass. At this point, it
felt too good for him to care whether Princess felt the pain of it
or not. "What are you going to do? Stop?"
     Karen shrugged. "We should give her a chance to rest. Pull out
of her. I'm going to shoot her up with some of our special
boosters, and set up an intravenous. Between the drugs and the
nutrients, she should be feeling a lot better when we come back
from our planning. We'll leave her where she is to rest."
     "Do you mind if I finish before I pull out?" he asked,
somewhat annoyed.
     "Poor baby. What, are you afraid you'll end up with a case of
blue balls?" She came over and knelt next to him. "Here. If you
have to finish, do it in my mouth. Then you can help me by setting
up the IV. You should have some experience with those from your
jungle-fighting days, no?"
     Jason sighed, but then he looked at Karen's lovely face, and
pulled his cock out off Princess's ass. It was fairly clean. The
girl had her colon repeatedly cleaned the last few days. But Karen
would have sucked it even if it had been covered with shit. He was
almost sure of that. He fucked deep into her throat, and it didn't
take long for him to shoot off. He pulled slowly out, giving her a
chance to clean him off with her tongue. Then he helped her up. She
kissed him briefly, then set off to get the needed drugs.




-----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------


This completes the work that was begun before I ever got the idea
to upload this story. From now on, I will consider all suggestions
for additions to the plot. You can tell me what you want to see,
what sort of characters you may want introduced, etc.

I can't promise to use any of it. I do have a central plot to carry
along, and while I can take detours, I have to stay on the central
path most of the time. But there is a lot of leeway.


Things that you can suggest: 
---for now, suggestions along the following lines have the best
chance of being used.

1)suggest any favourite tortures you might like to have used.
2)create female characters to staff Adelle's mansion. 
3)create female agents for Adelle's team of assassins.
4)suggest flashback adventures for the agents mentioned in #3.
5)suggest flashback adventures Jason may have had in his mercenary 
  days as head of the Chaos company.
--
What I do not want is to be flooded with massive group senarios.
Those can be worked up to after a large group of characters have
been fleshed out and developed.
------------------------------------------------------------------
To the writer of the Cute** series... if you're still reading this,
I would really appreciate hearing what you think of what's gone on
so far. Having read and enjoyed your work so far, I respect your
opinion. 

To the person who uploaded sund-c03.  (and whatever happened to 01
and 02, I wonder?), I shall, in future, try to live up to your
expectations. But my personal sense of style tells me to start off
slowly in terms of graphic descriptions, and build them as I go.
There is a limit to what I will describe, however. This is not for
reasons of self-censorship, or anything like that. While the story
is a fantasy, (and how much so becomes more readily apparent later
on.) it is real for the characters. I want to keep it as real as
possible, and not indulge in Marquis Desade like physiological
impossibilities. There might be room for that though in some of the
character's fantasies, however, so don't despair. 
---do you have a favourite description of appearance for Marilee?
If so, let me know. I might use it.
------------------------------------------------------------------

Anyway, before I sign off...
..............it might be a while before Sunder04 goes up. It might
be a long while. Or it might not. A lot will depend on how much
inspiration you guys give me, either with your comments, or your
own stories. So keep in touch, let me know what you think, and I'll
try to have some more for you soon.

.......................anon-sk..........17/03/91.





[Note: this is part four of a very long story. It is very much an
anything goes piece of sex fiction. It will eventually cover many
taboo areas. Anyone that might feel uncomfortable with that should
not start reading it! 
      The story will speak for itself. I have decided to upload it
for only one reason only. I hope for some feed-back from any who do
read it. 
      Recently, someone on this bbs started a series of stories
called Cute** (num.01 and up.) He encouraged replies be uploaded as
files named cutec**. You may reach me similarly. While I do not
intend to incorporate anything into this story that would conflict
with the plot as it was originally concieved, there are enough open
areas for characters and situations suggested by the readers.
The chapters of this story will be named Sunder** (01 and up) 
Comments and suggestions may be posted as Sund-c**.txt (where **
are the numbers 1 and up.)
     I hope that somebody out there enjoys this. 


.............................The Author.  (anon-sk)







CHAPTER FOUR











Danielle











     There could, Danielle thought, be little doubt as to what
would be on the menu, considering what the "picnic spot" looked
like. She had never considered that someone would turn a wooded
clearing into an outdoor dungeon. But that was what the East Wood
picnic site was. 
     The clearing was only about fifteen feet in diameter, and
mostly overhung with the branches of the huge trees surrounding it.
Thick shrubs and bushes all around the perimeter, except where the
path came in, ensured privacy. The ground had been carpeted with a
thick layer of smoothly rounded grey stones. This served to keep
the clearing clean and dry, as it was several inches higher than
the surrounding ground. There would be no sinking into mud after a
rainy day. The stones felt sort of nice under-foot, Danielle
decided. They were not at all jagged. They were a bit cold, but
that felt sort of sexy.
     There was indeed a picnic table towards one end of the
clearing. It was large and solid, made of metal and concrete, and
boasted leather restraints on its surface. There were many sets of
metal cuffs along the base of its benches. Opposite the table was
an old-fashioned wooden stock. Danielle looked at it with a mixture
of fear and curiosity. It had holes for the head and hands. It had
another pair of holes for one's feet. The whole thing seemed like
it could be adjusted into different heights for different purposes.
Danielle wondered what it would be like to be placed in it.
     There was a whipping post to either side of the stock. One was
just a plain wooden pole about a foot thick. There were leather
cuffs dangling from a rope which in turn passed over a pulley
arrangement at the top. The rope could be used to pull up whoever
was bound there so that they dangled. The other was actually a T-
shaped thing. The base was one foot by one foot by five feet high,
and there was another beam the same thickness and length placed
across the top. It looked very sinister. 
     Towards the clearing's center was a pit filled with coals.
This was where the camp-fire would be lit. Right next to the pit
was another pole. This one was of metal, and a yard-arm extended
out from it. The metal arm was a good seven feet above the pit. A
chain with a hook at the end dangled from it. The chain's length
was also adjustable. Danielle guessed that it could be used to hang
a pot over the fire-pit. Then she realized that it could be used to
dangle a person over the fire as well.
     There was another metal pole standing upright at one edge of
the clearing. This one was six feet high, and only about an inch
thick. It was very pointy. She didn't want to think about what that
one was for.
     She was still standing between Maria and Gereti. The two women
were watching her expressions as she took in the nature of the
"picnic" site. "Nice, isn't it?" Maria asked her with a chilly
smile. "I've had a lot of fun times here. I'm sure it'll one day be
a favourite spot for you as well."
     "What shall we do to her first, then?" Gereti asked
impatiently.
     Maria shrugged. "I've had a taste of her already. Why don't
you get to know her a little better first?"
     The big, butchy chauffeur grinned. "Don't mind if I do!"
     Maria let go of the arm she'd been holding, and walked over to
the picnic table. She sat on one of the benches, with her legs
spread out before her. Gereti let go of Danielle's other arm and
grabbed a handful of her hair instead. She pulled back on it,
forcing Danielle to tilt her head, and lowered her mouth to her
captive's. She wrapped her lips around the protruding tongue, and
sucked on it. Suddenly, with her free hand, she punched Danielle
hard in the stomach. 
     Danielle gasped in pain as her breath was forced out of her.
Her knees buckled and she would have gone down on them if not for
Gereti holding her up by her hair. Gereti ended her kiss, and took
a small step back. She showed Danielle her fist, and then punched
her again. Danielle's hands were still cuffed behind her back. She
had no way to defend herself from the assault. This blow landed
just above the pelvic bone, driving down into her. Pain shot
through her, and her head spun. 
     This time, when her legs buckled, Gereti let her fall.
Danielle looked up through her tears to see one of the chauffeur's
large feet come down at her. It rolled her onto her back. Then
suddenly, Gereti was stepping down on one of her breasts.
Danielle's breasts were already throbbing because of their bondage.
This one felt like it would explode! Then she felt the woman's
surprisingly agile toes close around one of her nipples and
squeeze. She'd never realized that toes could be so strong!
     Gereti used her toes to jab into the breast, and to twist and
pull on the tender nipple. When she tired of that, she used her
toes to do the same thing to Danielle's tongue. She took the bit of
protruding organ between her toes, and jerked on it hard. Danielle
sobbed at the pain. Then Gereti let the tongue tip go, and began
wiping the sole of her foot against it. Danielle felt the tears
streaming down her cheeks. The sole was dirty, all full of earth
and dust from the forest path. As well, when Gereti stroked down,
her foot pushed Danielle's tongue against her lower teeth which cut
into it painfully.
     Gereti finally stopped and pulled her foot away. Reaching
down, she grabbed Danielle's arm and turned her onto her side. Then
she straightened back up, and kicked Danielle hard in the belly.
Danielle doubled up in pain, her knees drawing in and her head
tucking down into a sort of fetal position. Her tormentor just
laughed. Through her tears, Danielle watched her walk away to an
edge of the clearing where she began looking around for something.
     When she could breath properly again, Danielle straightened
herself out. God these women were vicious, she thought. She wished
now that she'd never gone to that interview. But there was no
longer any chance of escape. They had made it clear that the only
way one left A.S. Sunder was in a casket. She hurt like hell, but
she would have to take it somehow. In some ways, the violence
turned her on. Being forced to submit was sort of sexy. But this
abuse was more than she was ready to handle! Not for every day of
the rest of her life!
     Then she remembered what Maria had said. It would get worse.
But then, if she proved herself, it would get better. She would
have a superior position. She'd only have to answer to Adelle. 
     She decided to use that as a focus. Whenever the pain, abuse,
or humiliation might become too much to bear, she'd remind herself
of what she had to gain. Somehow, she'd find a way to pull through.
     Gereti was returning. She had picked up a long, slender,
gnarled piece of wood. Danielle saw the sadistic lust in her face,
and knew what was in store. Then, from where she was sitting, Maria
spoke up. "Drag her over here. You've had her to yourself long
enough. I want my share of her."
     Danielle winced as Gereti once again grabbed a handful of her
hair, and helped her to her knees. Then the big woman half dragged
her over to the bench. There Maria was waiting for her with her
legs spread. Gereti pushed her face into Maria's pussy. The slender
agent must have been playing with herself while watching Gereti,
cause she was already very wet. With her tongue forced to stick out
like it was, she had no choice but to lick her. In a way, it was a
relief. Her tongue had dried out when she'd been forced to lick
Gereti's foot.
     The branch came down on her behind without warning. Danielle
jerked with the sudden pain. She also bit her tongue. That hurt
worse than the blow had. She'd barely had time to recover from the
shock of the first strike when the second one caught her along the
upper back of her thighs. Her tears started anew. Gereti was a big,
strong woman, and she was really putting muscle into her blows.
Danielle had to take three more shots to her thighs, three to her
calves and four to the soles of her feet in very short order.
     Finally, Gereti threw aside the branch, and pulled Danielle's
face away from Maria's pussy. "Enough foreplay. I want to fuck!"
     Maria smiled, and raising one of her own slender feet, kicked
Danielle lightly in the face. "Sure. There are some strap-ons in
the picnic basket behind the stock. Get me one too. We can do a
double penetration."
     Danielle felt her heart race as she watched Gereti move behind
the restraint device and bend down over something. "What sizes do
you want?"
     Maria licked her lips. "Get a four-a for her ass, and a six-b
for her cunt. Let's stretch her a little."
     Gereti returned with two strap on dildos. Danielle felt
herself start to panic just a bit. The two dildos were different.
One was made of plastic and was eight or nine inches long, and two
inches in diameter at its thickest, with a blunt end. As
frightening as it was, Danielle hoped that it was the one meant for
her ass. The other dildo was much worse. It was almost a foot long,
almost three inches in diameter, and made of metal. At least the
end was tapered and gently rounded for easy insertion. 
     Maria reached out and took the plastic strap-on. "You can have
her cunt, Gereti. I want to fuck her in the ass."
     "You're the boss," the bigger woman grinned. They both began
buckling on their equipment.
     Danielle found herself almost looking forward to this torture.
She'd had some experience with this sort of thing. She'd been
fucked up the ass a few times by her dance teacher, though that
woman hadn't used anything near as big as the dildo Maria was
strapping on. She had used big dildos in her cunt though. Danielle
felt confident that she could take this torture with a minimum of
discomfort. She would be stretched, but she would survive.
     When they'd finished securely donning their tools of rape,
Gereti and Maria switched places. Gereti sat on the bench, placing
one foot on either side of it, and leaned back to lie along it's
length. She used one hand to hold the metal dildo pointing straight
up in the air. Danielle felt Maria take hold of her hair and force
her to her feet. Her soles burned from the welts Gereti had put
there. Roughly, she was guided over to the bench where she was made
to stand astraddle Gereti, her pussy directly above the cruel
instrument of penetration.
     Then Maria was pushing down hard on her shoulders, and she
felt the head of the metal shaft begin to force its way into her
tight cunt. As soon as the first inch was in, Gereti let go the
dildo, and put both hands on Danielle's hips in order to pull her
down. Maria let go of Danielle's shoulders, leaned down, grabbed
the young lady's ankles, and pulled her feet out from under her.
Suddenly, Danielle found her entire weight on the dildo. It sank
into her, or rather she sank down on it, in one quick, smooth
action.
     The metal shaft was a lot bigger around than anything she'd
ever taken in her cunt, and it hurt as it stretched her. As well,
the full foot plunged into her belly in a largely uncontrolled
motion. Danielle felt a pain surge through her, and a cramp form in
her middle. Maria and Gereti giggled as they watched her go pale.
"What's the matter hon? Am I too much man for you?" Gereti joked.
     "Yes! But she loves it! Don't you, Danielle?" Maria teased her
cruelly. "Grab her and hold her down while I mount the bitch!" she
ordered.
     Gereti wrapped her long, strong arms around Danielle's back,
and pulled her down against her. Holding her there with one arm,
she reached down with the other and, grabbing a buttock, pulled it
aside. 
     Maria said, "Thanks, darling," and moved the other aside
herself. Danielle felt the blunt, plastic head begin probing
between her ass cheeks, and went whiter still. Then the head was
against her hole, and Maria was pushing her way in. The woman
reached in with her thumbs and began pulling the sphincter open.
Danielle prayed that the ring of muscle wouldn't tear. 
     Then the plastic head was in and Maria was beginning to fuck
her. Gereti began to buck under her as well. She felt like she was
being split in two. Her cunt was wet, and still hurt a lot. Her ass
was dry, and the dildo was stretching her all to hell. She'd be
walking funny for a long time. She screeched at each thrust, but
her tormentors merely picked up the pace, fucking her madly with
their artificial phalluses.
     She didn't actually pass out. But unable to deny the pain, her
brain retreated into some never-never-land. The next thing she
knew, Maria and Gereti were pulling out of her. She was seeing them
through a haze as they took off the dildos. Both instruments were
covered in blood. The one that had gone up her ass had more than
just blood on it. 
     Maria placed her dildo on the table top and grabbed her slave,
lowering her to the floor. Danielle closed her eyes, and then
opened them when she felt hands at her mouth, freeing her tongue. 
     The clamp was taken off, and she gratefully withdrew her
tongue into her mouth. Or at least she tried to. Her tongue and
mouth were severely dried and her tongue was swollen. Maria was
looking right at her as she tried to collect herself. The cruel
woman smiled, and suddenly, she was kneeling astride Danielle's
chest.
     "Poor baby. You're mouth is all dry, isn't it? Well, Gereti
and I have just the thing to fix that." She grabbed a handful of
Danielle's hair and lifted the girl's face to her twat. "Keep your
mouth open and drink if you know what's good for you!"
     A torrent of piss exploded from the shaved pussy and cascaded
all over Danielle's face. Some squirted into her eyes, making them
burn. The rest poured into her mouth. Danielle had to swallow the
first mouthful. But then she sealed her lips tightly, fighting the
urge to throw up. 
     The pissing stopped. Maria's hand cracked down sharply across
her face. "Open your fuckin mouth and drink, bitch, or I'll make
you really fucking sorry!" When Danielle didn't comply immediately,
Maria slapped her again, and then again. 
     Through a haze of pain, Danielle felt someone reach down
between her legs. Suddenly, her clitoris was being cruelly
squeezed. A long nail dug into it. When Danielle opened her mouth
to cry out, Maria resumed pissing. This time, she held the pretty
mouth open, and forced Danielle to swallow several mouthfuls of the
bitter yellow stream.
     "After everything we've done for her," Gereti complained, but
with a grin, "this bitch still hasn't learned her place, has she?"
She gave a hard twisting tug on Danielle's clitoris as she watched
the last few drops of urine drip from Maria's pussy into Danielle's
mouth. "Hey, bitch! You'd better do a much better job when it's my
turn, or I'll rip your fuckin clit off!"
     "Now now, Gereti," Maria gently chided her larger companion as
she wiped herself dry with her fingers, then wiped her fingers
along Danielle's lips, "you should know that threats don't always
work best. The young lady here's just had too many shocks for one
day! Besides, I won't bluff with her, and we're to deliver her to
the Mistress relatively intact, right? It'd be a shame to bust her
up before the Mistress gets a chance to personally tame her. And it
wouldn't do our health much good either."
     Danielle let out a breath she'd didn't know she was holding on
hearing those words. Maria leaned over her, and looked her directly
in the eyes. "Would you like me to set your tits free? Well?"
Danielle nodded eagerly. Her poor breasts felt grossly bloated by
their bondage. "Then will you cooperate? Gereti wants to relieve
herself, and she'd very much like to do it in your mouth, but she
wants you to promise to do a better job of drinking hers than you
did drinking mine. If you promise to do it, I promise to release
your breasts. Is that a deal?"
     Danielle weighed the alternatives carefully. Maria's piss had
been acrid and bitter. It had tasted terrible. Something told her
Gereti's would be worse. She had no guarantees that they'd keep the
promise. On the other hand, perhaps they would. As well, it
wouldn't hurt her to try to please them if she could. There wasn't
any real point in resisting them. The only way to convince them not
to abuse her was to goad them into killing her. That wasn't a
solution she liked. Feeling sick to the stomach, she nodded her
agreement.
     "Good," said Maria. "As a gesture of good faith, I'm going to
untie one of your breasts. If you do well, I'll free the other. If
you blow it however, perhaps we'll just have to tell the Mistress
you were trying to escape and take our chances at making her angry.
Understand?"
     Danielle nodded. "Yes, Mistress Maria," she managed to croak
out through her sore mouth. 
     Then the cruel woman's slender fingers were at the rope around
the base of her right breast, and picking away at the knot. She
must have been careful when she'd tied it because she had no
trouble at all undoing her earlier handiwork. There was a tingling
in her breast when it was freed, then Danielle felt the place where
the rope had been start to burn, and her breast start to throb as
full circulation was restored. It almost hurt more than when it had
been tied, and she wondered if Maria hadn't tricked her into
trading her toilet service for a more subtle form of torture. 
     "There we go," her cruel tormentor purred. Danielle watched
her get to her feet and step away. Maria moved over to Gereti, who
had also stood up, and reached between the butchy chauffeur's legs,
feeling her up. "Have fun with her dear. She's all yours."
     "I can't wait," Gereti replied, and Danielle watched
helplessly as the big brunette knelt astraddle her head.
     Gereti manoeuvred her knees apart getting her pussy as close
to Danielle's face as she could. She looked down at Danielle with
a truly mean look. "You are going to cooperate aren't you? I want
you to open your mouth and keep it open. You may only close it to
swallow, and you have to do that fast so you don't miss much. Don't
force me to have to keep your mouth held open, or I'll be very
upset. I want my hands free to spread my twat. I want to see my
piss go into you straight from the tap. Got it, bitch?"
     Danielle nervously ran her tongue over her lips, and opened
her mouth. Gereti laughed at that. "Hey, your licking your lips
now! Just wait till you taste it!" She spread the outer lips of her
pussy wide and squatted down as close to Danielle as she could.
Then she released her bladder. 
     She'd been right, Danielle winced as the first squirt of piss
splashed down onto her tongue. Gereti's piss was worse! It was a
lightly brownish gold in color, and had a very musky stench. It
made her whole mouth burn, and scalded her gullet as she dutifully
swallowed it. Her stomach began heaving, and she had to fight to
keep herself from vomiting while still drinking what was coming in!
     Gereti had said she'd been holding this load for a while, and
it showed. The piss just kept pouring and pouring. Some of it
overflowed her mouth and ran down the sides of her face. Some
splashed into her nose as she fought to breath, and seared her
nostrils. Eventually she could take it no more. As the last drops
came forth from her tormentor's urethra, Danielle turned her head
and puked. 
     She heaved and heaved, and the mostly liquid contents of her
stomach splashed onto the clearing's stone floor. Gereti quickly
moved aside to keep any from splashing onto her thighs. Danielle
heard Maria laugh. Then Gereti was chuckling too. She hoped that
she ought to feel relieved that they weren't more upset with what
she'd done. On the other hand, women like them might laugh just
that way before dismembering someone.
     "Fuckin beginners," Gereti was joking. "Can't keep their drink
down!"
     "Did you do any better your first time?" Maria asked. "I think
we all puked our guts out one time or another. Maybe we just took
her too far too fast. I was going to have her lick the dildoes
clean. I guess that might not be a good idea for right now. Get the
hose and rinse her off. Make sure you get the floor clean as well."
     Danielle was still feeling nauseous, so she didn't see where
the hose came from. But suddenly, very cold water was jetting onto
her body, hard enough to hurt! She screeched and flopped around on
the stone floor, trying to avoid the frigid spray, but Gereti must
have had a lot of practise with that hose. She kept the water right
on her. 
     Some of her abused muscles cramped in reaction, and once again
she curled up into a fetal position. Then the water stopped hitting
her directly as Gereti concentrated on cleaning off the stones of
the clearing floor. 
     Danielle opened her eyes when she heard the water stop. She
was shivering a lot, but neither of her captors did anything about
it. Maria was wiping the dildos clean, and Gereti was putting away
the hose. Danielle wanted to beg to be dried off, but she was
afraid that they'd use that as an excuse to start a new series of
abuses. She watched, with her teeth clenched to keep them from
chattering, as the two women completed their chores and returned
their attention to her.
     Maria smiled. "Well, Gereti, did she satisfy you? Should I
free her other breast?"
     Gereti took a moment to consider. "Oh, hell sure! She tried at
least. And making her throw up was kind of cool. It turned me on
knowing it was my piss that made her do that! I'd like to do her
that way again someday."
     Maria had knelt at Danielle's side, and was undoing the rope
around the other breast. It took her longer with the cord soaked by
the water. She looked down at Danielle and smiled reassuringly.
"Don't worry about it, love. You'll grow used to it soon. You might
even get to like the taste with enough practise. Not everyone's is
as bad as Gereti's."
     "Fuck you!" the other woman grinned.
     Maria ignored her. As she finished with the knot and began
unwinding the cord, she continued her comments. "There are a lot of
things you're going to have to learn to tolerate. You'll be even
better off if you learn to enjoy them. Believe me, it really is an
acquired taste. But if you have any true submissive qualities in
you, you'll start to like it. If you don't have any of those
qualities," she continued, her tone suddenly hardening, "then you
won't last a week."
     She removed the rope and tossed it aside. "Help me up with
her," she said to Gereti. They each grabbed Danielle under an arm,
and hauled her to her feet. She was still very wet, and the breeze
felt like an icicle scalpel on her skin. "Come on dear," Maria
purred. "It's time to go back to the car. Then we'll take you to
see your new home. You can get all nice and comfy when you're
there!"
     They made their way back along the path. Danielle ached all
over. Her privates were stretched and sore, the soles of her feet
ached, and walking was hell. Her stomach was very upset, her face
and breasts hurt, and the scratches Maria had put on her leg
earlier burned. Even her eyes were sore from the piss that had
splashed into them. Danielle was sure that they were redder than a
northern sunset. If she could be this beat up after only a few
hours in the company of these women, she wasn't at all sure that
she would survive a day! 
     When they got to the car, Gereti let go of her to open the
door. Maria threw her right in. She hit the floor-mat hard, and
just lay there silently. Maria climbed in after her, and shut the
door. The car started up, and pulled back onto the road to the
mansion. 
     Maria was smiling down at her. "I've turned off the intercom
dear. I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed you this afternoon.
I hope that we get to do this again soon. You make a marvellous
slave! I almost hope you don't make it. I'd love to sit in on your
execution!" Then the wild and wicked woman bent down and tenderly
kissed her the terrified slave on the lips. 
     Danielle looked up at Maria confused by the sudden change.
Maria looked down at her and laughed.
*          *          *





Stephen










     He liked to call it his Bat-Cave. At least he had until the
movie came out. By that time he'd switched allegiance to the Joker
(Nicholson being simply superb in the part), but it would have cost
too much to redecorate. No, not too much money. There was, as far
as he was concerned, no such thing as too much money. It would have
cost him time. Time was the one commodity that he found much too
precious to waste. So Stephen Sunder walked through the huge room,
with it's high irregular ceiling -- complete with fake stalagmites
-- and the rough-cut stone floors, and ignored the decor that had,
only short months before, given him great pleasure.
     He cut a bizarre figure. He knew he did too, but he didn't
care. He liked it, and that was all that counted. His father would
have disapproved, but his father was long dead. Adelle would laugh
if she saw him. Adelle had always laughed at him. But one day she
would be dead too. He would take care of that. He could have had
her taken care of a long time before if not for that one nasty
complication! "Ah, Father, what I go through for being such a
faithful son," he muttered to himself, oblivious to the attention
of his subordinates.
     One such subordinate followed just a few feet behind him,
watching him carefully, as always, careful not to laugh. It took a
lot of discipline not to laugh at Stephen. He was an easy man not
to take seriously. He was a full six and a half feet tall. But he
was ridiculously thin. His bones were long and delicate, and left
him looking fragile. His hair was as pale as his sister's, and he
wore it long around a sharply angular face. (he was most often
compared to an overly anaemic version of David Bowie... but not to
his face.)
     He was dressed in his favourite costume. He had on a long
black cape over his bare torso, a tight pair of pvc pants, and
thick-soled leather boots complete with stainless-steel spurs. A
chain-link belt was looped around his waist. A spiked leather
collar adorned his neck. His long, slender hands were in black
gloves, the long sleeves of which also bore metal spikes. He might
have looked dangerous if he weren't so ludicrous.
     His imperfections ran deeper. One leg was slightly shorter
than the other. He had compensated for this by means of the custom-
made boots. He never went barefoot when anyone was around. The
other imperfection was easier to conceal, but harder to ignore. He
had been born with one testicle. It was, however, easily larger
than two normal testicles, and floated loosely in his oversized
scrotum. Stephen Sunder was a clear warning against the dangers of
inbreeding.
     "Lisa," he called out to the young woman following him at a
discrete distance, "has there been any progress in the North Wing?"
His voice was high and a little squeaky, sounding as if it had
never completely finished breaking.
     "No, Sir Stephen. We continue to have a complete slate of
self-terminating pregnancies. We've been able to identify three
more dangerous recessives, and the engineers are working to figure
out if they can be altered. However..." she caught herself and
stopped, though perhaps not in time.
     "However, without a sample of the defect-free Sunder genome,
that could take years of trial and error. That makes Richard and
Elaine's latest failure all that much harder to forgive. I had told
them that their timing would be off. They chose not to believe me.
If they weren't my best operatives, I'd have had them terminated
immediately!"
     "Yes Sir. You're as merciful as you are wise!" Lisa thanked
all the practising she'd done. Few others could say that without
cracking a smile. But then she knew that despite Stephen's quirks
and limitations, he had indeed inherited the Sunder intellect. It
was a pity his mind was so unstable. A pity for Stephen. For her,
if she played things right, it was the doorway to influence.
     "And we all know the boundlessness of my wisdom! If only we
could grow a fetus artificially, we could save so much time! We
could also be so much more space efficient. One mother could supply
enough ova for months and months of experiments. We wouldn't need
to keep all those women hooked up. Not that I mind. I enjoy having
them, especially when it's time to dispose of them. But really, we
could speed our research by a factor of a hundred!" He smacked one
fist into the other, like some comic book character.
     Lisa bowed. "There is the alternate solution. Has any progress
been made in getting at your half-sister?"
     Stephen spun about theatrically. "Karen would be a long detour
if she didn't turn out to be a dead end. She has many of the Sunder
genes, but she's not as pure as my sister. She might not have all
the proper dominants to counter my recessives. She would have to be
used to breed a line of other breeders. We would be going back to
my father's original procedure. But I don't have that kind of time,
do I? I don't have the luxury he had, and that he passed on to my
sister."
     "Surely with artificial insemination procedures we could
cut..."
     "Silence, woman! You begin to bore me! I have a plan! It will
be carried out! That is enough! Let us get on to other things!
There are subjects to dispose of in the North Wing, aren't there?"
     "Yes sir. We have three women that have been rendered sterile
due to an allergic reaction to their fetus."
     "Three? Excellent. They will serve to cheer me up, even if
they failed in their prime objective. Let's get to it!"
     Stephen took off at a brisk, if uneven pace and Lisa scrambled
to keep up with him. She was used to his behaviour by now. In fact,
she had learned to enjoy it. If she was careful, he would let her
get away with murder. In fact, she literally did just that all the
time! She was a plucky blond woman of about twenty six. She was
five foot five, with a nice figure. Her curves were tight and
compact. She wore her hair short about her cute face. The large-
rimmed glasses gave her the air of a prim librarian. Her sensuous
mouth hinted at the slut she could be. She was, as usual, wearing
only a long white lab coat and a pair of loose rubber boots.
Stephen was insistent that all his assistants be properly attired
for lab work. But he liked to have her body instantly available as
well.
     They arrived at the door to the North Wing. It slid silently
open before them, and they were suddenly awash in a white, sterile
light. Whereas the main sub-basement level was gloomy and cave-
like, this ward was a long, relatively narrow, well-lit room.
Everything was either a pale metallic silver, or white. On each
side of the room ran a series of small alcoves. In each, there was
a small cot surrounded by a host of machines. Strapped to each cot,
hooked to all sorts of monitors and support devices, was a naked
young woman.
     They were Stephen's breeders. He preferred to think of them as
organic incubators. They were only things, from the moment he had
them abducted to the time he terminated their existence. This wing
held thirty six. There was another wing that held another thirty
six. The rest of the complex was devoted to other bio-engineering
projects. For that was what Stephen had inherited from his father
-- the A. S. Sunder Biological and Chemical Weapons Division, as
well as several front companies through which to secretly peddle
his wares. Of course, Stephen had wanted the whole A.S Sunder
empire. But there was only one way he would get it.
     He was examining the women on the cots. Several were just
beginning to show the swelling in their abdomen that meant their
pregnancy was well along. The rest had not yet made it that far.
Till now, not a single breeder had been able to carry a child past
the five month period. He looked up at Lisa. "Which are the ones
that have gone sterile?"
     Lisa smiled. "Cot numbers eleven, seventeen, and thirty five,
Sir."
     Stephen walked over to cot eleven. It was occupied by a petite
red-head who looked at him in pure terror. "What's the subject's
name?"
     "Kate, Sir."
     "Hm," Stephen smiled. "Don't worry, Kate. Soon your nightmare
will be over. All your nightmares will be over." He continued on to
cot number seventeen. "And who is this?"
     The occupant of cot seventeen was a very lovely, full-bodied
blond. "That's Judy, Sir Stephen. She was farthest along of the
three before she had her, um, accident."
     "Very nice. This should be a very interesting afternoon. Let's
go see the last one shall we?" He picked up his pace, and Lisa
scrambled to keep up.
     The last of the sterile women was a slender, delicate
brunette. Stephen looked at her somewhat disappointedly. "She looks
like she should have been thrown back after we caught her. She
hardly has any figure at all. What's her name?"
     "She's Monica, Sir. She's lost a little weight since she's
been here. She's had nothing but trouble adjusting to the machines
and the drugs we've been trying. We only kept her because she had
a high-end term. She went over the four and a half month mark all
three times before this last one made her go bad. If you don't like
her, I wouldn't mind disposing of her for you," Lisa hinted
hopefully.
     Stephen shook his head. "Oh, I wouldn't think of it. I
wouldn't deprive her of my company in her final moments. Besides,
I know just what I want to do with her. Minerva hasn't been fed in
so long. She's due a tasty morsel. Have someone send the other two
to the playroom. We'll attend to them later. I think you can manage
Monica here by yourself. Get her off the support systems, and into
a wheelchair. Bring along some drugs to get her fully alert.
Minerva will appreciate a moving target best."
     Stephen moved off to inspect the charts of some of the other
women, nodding or shaking his head as he absorbed each breeder's
progress. Lisa efficiently removed the feeder tubes, and unhooked
all the monitoring gear from the petite brunette, sighing her
disappointment. She found Monica cute in a scrawny sort of way. She
would have enjoyed playing with her. Not that watching her be fed
to Stephen's overgrown boa snake wouldn't be fun in itself.
     Monica was about five two, and couldn't have weighed more than
ninety eight pounds. She was very slender, small breasted, slender
hipped, but with nice girlish legs. She had small, delicate, long-
fingered hands, and narrow feet. Her face was also thin, but she
had big sweet eyes, and a small pretty mouth. Lisa thought Monica
could pass for thirteen or fourteen years old instead of her twenty
two or three years. Her wing of the center didn't get many young
girls, so she had to improvise when she felt the need for some
juvenile pussy. 
     She finished freeing up the docile slave. Monica was still on
the mild sedative that left the breeders mostly unaware of what was
going on around them. Lisa brought over a wheel chair and parked it
next to the cot. Then she swung the slender woman into it and
strapped her in. Finally, she went over to a small refrigeration
unit located between two of the alcoves, and took out a small vial
of medication. With that, she took a needle to inject it with. 
     "We're all set to go here, Sir Stephen."
     Stephen had been admiring a lovely large-breasted blond
breeder. "This one doesn't seem to have much of a track record," he
concluded. "Let's say we give her one more chance. If she gets
nowhere, I want her in my playroom."
     "I'll make a note of that, Sir," Lisa nodded. She waited for
her master to take the lead, and followed dutifully, wheeling their
victim before her.
     They exited the North Wing, re-entering the large, cave-like
central area. Computer displays flashed intermittently in the far
background where white-coated technicians and researchers monitored
several hundred experiments in progress. It was a bizarre place to
work, Lisa reflected, with all the ramps to various levels, and the
constant fear of falling off of one and plunging up to sixty feet
to the rough stone floor below. But it did sort of grow on you, if
you had the right sort of mentality for it. Considering the morally
questionable work they did throughout the complex, the fantasy like
atmosphere of the work-place was helpful in getting Stephen's
employees in the right frame of mind. Of course, six figure pay-
checks didn't hurt either.
     They reached one of Stephen's private elevators. The tall,
gangly master punched in a long series of numbers quickly and
unerringly, his spidery fingers dancing across the keypad with
lightning speed. It was the little things like that which reminded
his workers that he wasn't just the crazy lunatic he came across as
being. He was a brilliant crazy lunatic. Lisa had seen him read and
analyze three and four hundred page lab reports in under a half
hour. She'd also seen him kill the kitchen supervisor for running
out of his favourite breakfast cereal. 
     The door slid shut behind them, and Stephen keyed in the
access code for the lowest level. The descent was quick, and the
doors opened to a rush of steamy air. This was the snake pen. It
was kept at a tropical temperature. They walked onto the ramp that
lined the wall twenty feet above a pit half the size of a football
field. The room was lit as brightly as any stadium for a night
game. A number of ramps crisscrossed the room so that any section
of the floor could be observed from above. The floor of the pit had
been landscaped into the semblance of a marshy grass land, with one
large stone in the center. On that stone, basking in the soft glow
of an overhead sunlamp, was Minerva.
     The sight of this exotic pet always brought a smile to its
master's face. Minerva was the result of a five year-long personal
project of breeding and minor gene alterations. She was of mixed
python and anaconda stock. She was almost thirty feet long, and
almost as thick around as large man's upper thigh. She was also
still relatively young. He had hopes of watching her double in size
in a few years time. 
     He led Lisa around the ramp to a large alcove where the
monitoring room was. "Oh, doesn't Minerva look simply wonderful
today? She's going to get this nice tasty snack. But not till we've
had some fun with it ourselves first. Give her the shot. It should
take a good twenty minutes for her head to fully clear. I want her
alert and able to run around. It's so much more fun to watch
Minerva have to chase her food."
     Lisa prepared the needle, took one of Monica's slender arms,
and injected her with the drug. Stephen took the time to check the
room's temperature and lighting controls, and to make sure the flow
of water into and out of the snake's pool and trough was as it
should be. "Oh," he said, not looking at her, "Lisa, I'd like you
to take off your clothes. I might want to play with you a bit too."
     She'd known that was coming. Making sure Monica was secured,
she unbuttoned her lab-coat and stepped out off her rubber boots.
She let the lab coat fall to the floor, and stood with her legs
spread wide, waiting for his next command. As always, she felt a
thrill go through her. There was something about this man, despite
his weirdness, and despite his deformities, that turned her on. She
loved giving up sexual control to him.
     Lisa felt her short, thick nipples growing hard and her pussy
getting wet just from thinking about what Stephen might do to her.
She could never tell what sort of mood he might be in. Some days he
was actually tender with her, and on others he was very close to
brutal. But he never hurt her badly. He saved that for his victims.
He had made her shave her pussy though. She didn't like it. She
found it humiliating. But he often liked to pretend she was his
sister. She didn't think she looked anything like Adelle, other
than being a blond. But Stephen was strange that way. It was during
those sessions when he was the most dangerous to her, taking out
his frustrations on her body.
     Stephen turned to face her and pursed his lips as he looked
her over. Then, wordlessly, he unzipped a small triangle at the
front of his tight pants, and let it fall open. His pale pink cock,
and large distended scrotum fell into view. Keeping his eyes on
Lisa, he motioned for her to kneel. She did so quickly. Then he
signalled her to come closer. She shuffled over on her knees till
her face was just inches away from his groin.
     He took one more step towards her, grabbed a handful of her
hair, and forced her to tilt her head back. He was so much taller
than her that his cock and ball dangled over her face. He took her
face in both his hands now, and stared down at her. His cock began
to grow hard. It was tool perfectly suited to the rest of him. It
was long and thin. He was almost a foot long, but no more than an
inch thick. His glans was no thicker than his shaft. Fucking him,
Lisa had often thought, was like fucking a living broomstick.
     The smell of him was intoxicating to her. She didn't
understand why, though she had some theories. The result however
couldn't be argued with. Her inhibitions melted, and she felt up to
anything he might ask. 
     "Lisa, how long have you been working for me?" Stephen
suddenly asked her.
     She froze momentarily. Then she quietly replied. "Two years,
Sir. You hired me right after I got my Masters' degree."
     "You have been my special assistant for how long?"
     "Four months, Sir."
     "Have you ever wondered why? Why I picked you?" He didn't give
her a chance to answer. "It's because from the first time I saw
you, I knew you were a heartless, blood-thirsty, scheming bitch.
You've been manoeuvring your way up the official company ladder the
last few weeks using my name and influence to do it, haven't you?
Don't bother to deny it. I know it's true. I've been watching you
at least as closely as you've been watching me. The question is
what should I do about it?"
     Lisa's jaw had dropped. The cold, steel vice of fear had
clenched itself around her chest, and she was having trouble
remembering to breath. This was the last thing she'd been
expecting! She had no idea what Stephen might do next. But she knew
enough about him to know that she might die any instant.
     He leaned over, and his long, surprisingly strong fingers slid
down to wrap around her neck. He watched the sweat start pouring
down her face, and giggled a mad little giggle. "Not so sure of
yourself now are you, my dear little slave? Yes! Slave! You work
for me, but you're as much my slave as Monica there!"
     He squeezed gently on her wind-pipe. Lisa had gone pale and
limp. She knew she ought to be fighting for her life, but something
was paralysing her every muscle. She had never felt so intimidated
in her life. She was almost positive then that she was going to
die.
     Suddenly, Stephen released his grip, tossing her lightly back
onto the floor. "But," he added, as Lisa lay stunned on her side,
not yet knowing whether to feel relief, "you have one thing going
for you. I like you, Lisa. You know how to obey. You know how to
show your respect. You also have displayed the ability to take the
initiative! Now, if you can think of a way to prove your complete
and utter loyalty to me, I might be able to make a few more of your
dreams come true!"
     Lisa felt the fear slip away from her at last. Her mouth had
gone dry in her panic, so she had trouble replying. "Master, you
know that I would do anything for you! I know I'm your slave, Sir
Stephen. I've been your slave from the moment you first payed
attention to me! Forgive me if anything I've done makes it look any
different, or if I've offended you in any way." She lowered her
head and hoped it looked good.
     "I don't believe you!" Stephen snapped. "If you think your act
has ever fooled me, you're sadly mistaken. Besides which, have you
really thought through what you're saying to me? The truth now,
bitch!"
     Lisa sighed, but felt compelled somehow to comply. "You are
right, Sir Stephen. I haven't really considered it. I don't know if
I could do anything you asked of me. But I would try. I really do
have a lot of respect for you, and to tell the complete truth, I
have a lot of respect for the position I could reach in this
company."
     Stephen smiled. "That's the correct answer. At least for now.
I think I will be able to deal with you. Now I shall be blunt. I
need a woman. I need, in particular, a cruel, bitchy, scheming,
clever woman. I need that woman's way of looking at the world. If
I'm ever going to get through my sister's defenses, I'm going to
need to better understand how she thinks. I need a woman's point of
view. I would like that woman to be you. Stand up, Lisa."
     Lisa got to her feet slowly. She had to fight down the
excitement now growing within her. Stephen continued. "Let me tell
you what I'm offering. I would make you my second in command here.
You will have what you wanted -- power in this company second only
to my own. In order for you to understand the what is at stake, I
shall have to brief you on the full family background, so you shall
be told secrets no one outside of my sisters knows. You will learn
some things that they aren't aware of either. I won't even go into
what your reward will be if I'm successful at replacing my sister
as head of the parent company!"
     He paused, and his tone became melodramatically sinister.
"However, if I'm to give you all this power, I will need some
assurances from you in return, as well as a gesture of the extent
of your loyalty. I warn you, Lisa, I will want your soul! You must
ask yourself if what I offer you might be worth the price. And you
have to decide soon! The offer won't be held for you long! Time
waits for no one!"
     Lisa didn't take long to decide. "For what you're offering,
Master, I've already made plans to sell my soul. I think it's worth
it any price!"
     Stephen's laugh was deep this time. "Good. Because I've
already decided what the price will be. Tell me, Lisa, since you've
been enjoying my attention, have you slept with any other men? Tell
me the truth now!"
     She shook her head. "No, Master. To tell the truth, I've
always enjoyed females more. You are the only male lover I've had
since I left university. I do fantasize about other men, but
usually I'm in a dominant role. I've been hoping that I could one
day convince you to let me run experiments on male subjects, and
let me dispose of them afterwards the way we do with the ladies."
     "I don't see any problem with that. Would you, then, be
willing to give up all your pleasures to me? Would you sacrifice
your right to have pleasure?"
     Lisa had to think about that one. "Yes. All right, Master, I
would."
     "Fine!" Stephen exclaimed triumphantly. "Then if you wish to
receive the position that I have offered, this is what you must
agree to do. Before the next five days have passed, you must of
your own free will, and by your own hand, or at least your direct
actions, remove or destroy your own clitoris!"
     He stared down into her eyes with an almost child-like
excitement, awaiting her reaction. Lisa looked back at him stunned.
She unconsciously pressed her thighs tightly together. "Oh," he
added, "I almost forgot to mention. You can't use anything to kill
the pain before, or for a week after you do it. I want you to
suffer! That will be the proof or your loyalty and sincerity. You
can decide how it's done, but it must be relatively slow and
painful." He laughed. Well, it was actually more of a cackle. "Are
you still up to it, darling?"
     Lisa was, for at least a full minute, in shock. But then she
began to think straight again. She realized that he would request
something like this. The thought of doing it terrified her. But
strangely, she found the idea of it turned her on. However, it was
the cooly logical part of her that made the decision. She wanted
power, and she had figured on doing whatever it took to get it. She
could make herself do this. 
     Keeping herself from thinking about what she was getting
herself into, she looked her boss and Master in the eyes and
nodded. "I will do it, Master. It will be the way you want it."
     "Good, Lisa! Good! You've pleased me immensely. In return,
when the deed is done, I'll give you the power of life and death
over all your fellow employees. You won't even have to ask
permission from me to indulge in anything you want to try. The only
thing you have to consider is the welfare of the company, and not
getting in my way. But we'll discuss those details later. What say
we celebrate our deal by sharing Monica, and then I'll let you feed
her to Minerva personally!"
     By this time, the frail brunette had regained her senses. Her
thoughts had been clouded by the drugs ever since the last time
she'd impregnated. But she knew her situation. The women were left
off the drugs in between pregnancies in order to normalize their
body chemistry. The sedatives used were simple but advanced. They
had no effect on the fetus. They rendered the mothers docile so
that they couldn't give the orderlies any trouble when it was time
to examine them physically.
     In between pregnancies, however, the breeders were kept in
special group cells, and were made available to any of the staff
that wanted to play with them. The only thing they were spared was
vaginal intercourse. They were raped or tormented in every other
conceivable way. Therefor, when Monica came fully awake, she
already knew she was in hell.
     Stephen nodded to Lisa, and with a wave of his hand, indicated
to her that she should take the lead. Lisa put her situation out of
her mind as best she could. She would have whatever fun she could
for now, and worry about that later. She gathered her composure,
and sauntered over to the bound young lady.


-----------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Notes to those who have contributed suggestions.

--I can't guarantee that I will use your suggestions exactly as you
wanted, but a lot of the ideas were things I had in mind to do
anyway. The contributor of sund-c09/10 will probably get to see
most of what he wanted, though I may not use the characters that he
asked for.

--Sorry if I'm having trouble keeping you all straight at the
moment, but I just finished this chapter, and I want to get on,
upload it, and get to bed. 

--For the person who described Marilee, I might end up working her
in, though not in the way you might have expected. But there is a
way I might be able to make her fit well within the story. You'll
have to be patient, however. Things will have to happen in their
proper sequence.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

All contributions have been read and were welcome. They were all
inspirational... having all that feedback forced me to sit down and
write. I'm going to try to get a chapter out every three to four
weeks at the most. I might occasionally get one off faster. But I
might just as readily have to take longer. There are places in this
one where I still feel I did a rush job. Let me know what you
think. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------
To the guy that started the trend....

................whatever happened to the next installment of Cute**
anyway? I've been waiting a long time to see it!!!! I hope you can
get around to it soon. (cute07 is the last I have.)

I hope to keep hearing from you. I'll have to make myself a list of
who you all are, so if you send more feed back, please include the
alias you're using for this, and list which other Sund-c comments
you've sent so far. And above all, let me know what you think. The
more feedback (read ego-stroking :) ) I get, the easier it is to
force myself to sit in front of the computer on those nights I'd
rather be doing something else.


...................anon-sk.




[Note: this is part five of a very long story. It was never written
with the intent of making it public. It is very much an anything
goes piece of sex fiction. It will eventually cover many taboo
areas. Anyone that might feel uncomfortable with that should not
start reading it!]






CHAPTER FIVE











Danielle











     The Sunder mansion was huge. It was at least one hundred feet
across, and had four stories above ground. Danielle couldn't tell
how far back the house went, and she suspected that there must be
more than one basement level. Something in her gut just told her
that. She stood before the front door naked, battered, bruised, and
with hands cuffed behind her back. Maria stood beside her, also
undressed except for her holster which she'd put back on. Gereti
had gone around to park the limo. Danielle had been assured that
house servants would see that her bags and the cloths she'd been
wearing got to whichever room she'd be assigned.
     "We rarely use the front door really," Maria was explaining.
"Even Mistress Adelle often just enters via the garage. But since
this is your first time here, I figured you ought to get a good
look at your new home!"
     Danielle was suitably impressed. The mansion had a stone
facade, and its architecture suggested a gothic air. There were
even gargoyles stoically guarding the upper windows, of which there
weren't many. There weren't many windows at all except for a few
large ones on the first floor. The front door was set back in an
alcove which was closed off with iron gates, and which boasted two
very conspicuously placed surveillance cameras.
     "Believe it or not, the Mistress occasionally has guests over.
She has thrown a few unbelievable parties here! Only very very
special guests are ever permitted in this house, however. For her
usual business entertaining she has a smaller, though no less
opulent, house in the city."
     The gates suddenly began to slowly swing out. It wasn't until
she saw them edgewise that Danielle began to appreciate how massive
they were. Maria grabbed her arm and pulled her towards the front
door.
     "They know who we are, of course," the security agent
continued her orientation speech. "They got all the correct codes
as we drove in, and they have both our pictures on file as well.
Otherwise we'd have had to submit to a retina scan."
     The front door now swung slowly inwards. Maria eagerly dragged
Danielle into the mansion's front foyer. The first thing Danielle
noted was the cold, marble floor. The second thing she noticed was
that the walls were also of marble, or at least panelled with it.
The ceiling was a good twelve feet high, and the room was almost
three quarters the size of her old apartment. There were two
archways. One was in the left hand wall and led to some sort of
cloak room. The other was straight ahead and led into the main
hall.
     The room was lit with old-fashioned gas lamps. They had a
classy look, and yet lit the room in such a sinister way. There
were no windows here, so the lamps cast flickering shadows on the
walls. The hall through the opening up ahead appeared to be lit in
the same way.
     "Usually the head servant comes to see to newly arrived
guests," Maria commented. "But you're not really a guest. When
you're all set in your new position, it will be your job to great
any guests that come for formal occasions. Now let's go on in. I
want to show you to your room and then head down to the kitchen to
get a bite to eat."
     Maria led her down the main hall. It was a good twenty feet
across and over sixty feet long. The walls were buttressed to
support the weight of the floors above them. Paintings hung from
them every few feet. Danielle didn't know enough about art to guess
if any were rare, but she wouldn't have bet against it. Half-way
down the hall, Maria took a left turn, and led her through another
arched opening. It let them into a circular room around which a
wide staircase spiralled upwards to the next floor. 
     Maria pulled Danielle over to the stairs, and they began to
climb. "This staircase leads to the servant's section of the upper
floors. The floors are all divided into three areas. There are the
guest rooms, there are Adelle's rooms, and there are the servant
quarters which is also where security central is, and where most of
the household maintenance is carried out from. The places where one
can go from one area to another are limited and heavily watched.
Adelle's area is off limits to all. The servants' areas are off
limits to the guests."
     They got to the top. The staircase opened up onto a five foot
wide corridor that went off to the left, right, and straight ahead.
The right hand path ended in a door ten feet away. The left hand
path had several doors opening on it, and ran at least fifty feet
further down. The way ahead ended in another staircase. This one
was narrow, and straight, not circular. It was this way that Maria
led her.
     The decor of this floor was a lot less fancy. The walls were
of patterned, light-gold-coloured stucco. There were no paintings
hanging here, and the lights were electric, not flame. They started
climbing the second set of stairs. These were carpeted, and the
soft rug felt nice and comfy to Danielle's feet after all the other
surfaces she'd walked on this afternoon. 
     They were met at the top of this staircase by a very pretty
petite young brunette. She stood there naked, and not at all self-
conscious. The first thing Danielle noticed about her was the thick
stainless steel collar she wore around her neck. This was the first
of Adelle's slaves that she'd seen wearing something like that. She
guessed that this girl probably never went out off the mansion
grounds.
     "Hello, Maria," the young lady said, bouncing up to the agent,
going up on her toes, and tilting her head up for a kiss. Maria
gladly obliged, leaning over to lock her mouth on the shorter
woman's. The kiss was long and deep, yet had a very casual air.
When Maria pulled away, the young woman turned her attention to
Danielle.
     "Hello! You must be the new Exec! I'm Fanny. I've been
assigned to show you around while you are prepared for your
initiation." The petite woman -- more a girl, Danielle decided --
returned her attention to Maria. "Are you going to come with us?
You can go if you like. Security central asked me to tell you that
you're on off time now."
     Maria shook her head. "I'm starving. I'm going to go get some
food. You two go on. It'll give you a chance to get acquainted. Oh,
and Fanny, remember, she's not the Exec yet. You know what that
means, don't you?"
     "Ooh, yes!" the pretty little bundle gushed. "I know exactly
what that means!" The look she gave Danielle next had a little-girl
maliciousness in it.
     Maria laughed. She turned and gave Danielle a brief kiss on
the lips. "See you later, hon. You two have fun!" Then she went
back down the stairs.
     Danielle watched her descend and move out of sight, then
turned to find Fanny studying her appreciatively. "You're very
pretty," the girl told her. There was a touch of shyness to her
voice.
     Danielle was surprised to realize that she found that
attractive. She also found Fanny herself very appealing. The young
lady was just barely over five feet tall. She had luxuriously
thick, raven tresses that hung down to the middle of her back. She
had a bit of a latin look mixed in with something else. Her eyes
were wide, large and exotic. Thick, black lashes fluttered
seductively, setting off the soft brown of her eyes very nicely.
She had a small nose that was mostly straight, but had a hint of
the roman in it. Her mouth was small and pretty. Her lips were
thick, and poutingly red. She was small boned, but had a country-
girl sturdiness.
     Almost embarrassed, Danielle let her gaze wander down the
girl's body. Her breasts were perfect uptilted cones. They weren't
very large, but were more than ample-looking on her. Her nipples
were a very dark almost brown red. There was not an ounce of flab
on her, but she wasn't skinny either. She looked very soft and
inviting. Her waist was almost tiny. Her hips were small, but
looked wide by comparison. She had a perfect round, protruding
posterior. She was one of those women who, even when she put her
legs together, had a hollow space below her crotch. Her pussy was
shaved, as was to be expected here, and the outer lips looked plump
and tenderly juicy. Her legs were compact, but perfectly in
proportion with the rest of her. Her feet were small, with low
arches and short,tiny, even toes.
     Fanny noticed Danielle's interest in her and smiled a small,
slightly crooked smile. "What's your name?"
     Danielle looked up, blushing slightly. "I'm Danielle."
     "Pleased to meet you! Danielle? That's a nice name. My real
name is Anna. They call me Fanny because when I started here there
were already three other girls named Anna. They called one Annie,
and another just Ann, but since we also had an Ann-Marie, an
Annabel, and an Annette, they decided to call me something else to
avoid confusion! Sandy, one of the head security people here,
suggested Fanny cause it sounds close to Annie, and she said my
tush is one of my best features!" She giggled as she said this. 
     Danielle found she just had to ask. "Fanny, may I ask how old
you are?"
     The young lady smiled. "I just turned nineteen a month ago.
But I've been here since just before my eighteenth birthday."
     "Oh." Well, Danielle thought. She'd been right! Fanny was more
girl than woman! "How did you come to, uh, work here?"
     Fanny laughed. "You mean how did I become one of the
Mistress's slaves? You don't need to be shy with the word. A few of
the girls hate it here, but most of us like it! I was waitressing
at a small restaurant on weekends when Maria and one of the other
security people from the downtown office came in for a late
breakfast. Maria seduced me. We went to a motel and made love. I'd
never made love to anyone before. She took my virginity with her
fingers and fist."
     She'd closed her eyes, and her face had acquired a dreamy
look. Danielle looked at her amazed. Then Fanny snapped out of her
brief reverie. "I'm sorry. I just love remembering that! Anyway, it
was the kinkiest night of my life. She made me do all sorts of
things, and did all sorts of things to me, and I loved it! So when
she dropped me off at the restaurant later, she made me give her my
address and phone number."
     "Well, I couldn't put her out of my mind! I wanted to do it
all again so bad! When she called, she told me that she wanted me
to be her slave for good, and not just her slave, but slave to her
Mistress as well. To make a long story short, I said yes, and here
I am!" She dipped a knee as if she were making a little curtsy. It
looked adorable.
     "Well," Danielle was surprised to hear herself say, "you're a
very pretty woman too! You have a very lovely face, and your eyes
are incredible!"
     Fanny giggled. "It's my mixed heritage! My father is of
Italian ancestry, and my mother is half French and half Polynesian.
They met while my dad was in the Marines. I take mostly after his
side, but my mom shows through in all the right places!"
     Fanny looked Danielle over once again more critically, and
frowned, as if noticing her scrapes and bruises for the first time.
"Oh, how rude of me! Making you stand out in the hall here when
you're all beat up like that. Let me take you to your room and help
get you washed up. We'll probably have hours before Mistress Adelle
gets home, and you won't be going anywhere until then. You can ask
me all the questions you like about the house, or the girls here,
or even me if you want!"
     She grabbed a hold of one of Danielle's arms and began leading
her down the cosy, carpeted hall. She took her right to the end,
and up to a solid-looking oak door. "This is your suite. Other than
this afternoon, you won't be able to use it until you've been
initiated as a full slave to the Mistress, and your position is
official. But Mistress Adelle will probably want to be there when
you're brought to the dungeon cell where you'll be staying for a
while. Your stuff has all ready been brought up here."
     Fanny looked over at Danielle again. "Hm. I forgot. We might
have a problem here. Your hands are still tied off behind your
back. Security will want to key the lock to your palm-print. I
guess we can do that later. You just won't be able to shut the
door." So saying, she pressed a small button next to a panel set
beside the door. There was a buzz, and the oak door swung open
inwards. "Welcome to your rooms, Danielle."
     The sight that greeted her almost made up for the abuse she'd
taken to get here. They entered a large room, almost twenty feet by
twenty feet. It was lushly carpeted, with a soft fur rug. The walls
were draped with pink and purple silk. There was a large,
comfortable looking sofa at it's center, facing a large television
set. A very expensive stereo system was next to that. Along another
wall was a small work area, complete with desk, high-back swivel
chair, and a computer. There were glass and brass tables here and
there holding crystal lamps, and potted plants. There were two
other open archways leading to rooms beyond. 
     "This is your combination office and living room. The doorway
on the left is to the bathroom, and the door straight ahead is to
your bedroom. The bathroom opens up into that as well. There is
also another room to the suite that opens into the bedroom alone.
That's your private playroom!" Fanny said that with a twinkle in
her eyes.
     Danielle took it all in wide-eyed. Fanny laughed at her
expression. "Too much, isn't it? Let me show you the bedroom, and
then we'll go to the washroom and get you cleaned up."
     They walked ahead through the living room and into the
bedroom. The center-piece of that was a huge four-poster water-bed.
It was covered with deep purple satin sheets. Danielle's ugly
luggage was on the bed. There was a dresser, and a vanity table
complete with a lit mirror. Danielle noticed that neither this room
nor the previous one had windows. Instead, they were softly lit by
the delicate lamps that were scattered about each space.
     Now Fanny took her over into the washroom. It too was huge. To
her right was a large sunken tub. Just over from it was a small
sauna. Right across from the door was the sink. To the left was a
separate shower stall, a bidet, and a very strange looking toilet
bowl. 
     Danielle wandered over to it, puzzled, and Fanny followed her
with a mischievous grin. The toilet bowl had a deep indentation at
the front of it that was about five inches wide, and smoothly
rounded at the bottom. The bowl was abnormally deep, and the water
level was several inches below the indentation. Danielle glanced
over at Fanny, a question in her eyes.
     Fanny smiled, and sat down with her back to the toilet bowl.
She lifted the normal looking seat with one hand, arched her back,
and before Danielle's somewhat horrified eyes, slipped her neck
into the indentation, her head ending up in the toilet bowl, and
lowered the seat down again, which effectively locked her in place.
     "When you're officially the Exec, there'll always be a girl
here on toilet duty," Fanny said simply, and then lifted the toilet
lid, and slipped her head out. She had been careful to keep her
long hair out of the bowl so as to not get it wet.
     Danielle stared at the toilet mesmerized, and felt her heart
begin racing. She honestly wasn't sure if it was with fear and
disgust, or, just perhaps, with sexual excitement.
     "If you have to go, I can get back in," Fanny suddenly said,
her voice gone husky, her tone a little shy.
     Danielle turned to her and just stared. Fanny stared right
back. Her eyes stayed steadily on Danielle's own. She'd stopped
grinning, and her lips were just slightly parted, lush, moist, and
intensely beckoning. Her pretty little feet moved slightly apart,
her thighs parting in a silent invitation. Her pussy glistened
redly in the sultry light. 
     Danielle found herself taking a step back away from Fanny. She
was still trying to sort out the implications of the young lady's
willingness to be her toilet. Now she had to deal with a growing
attraction on her part for the petite woman, an attraction that
seemed to be mutual. It was quite different from the other times
that she'd been turned on today. This lust seemed almost to be born
of affection. She'd only just met the girl, but she found herself
liking Fanny very much!
     Fanny stepped towards her as she backed away. The shyly
playful smile had returned to her lips. "You know, since you don't
really have any standing yet," she purred, "that you're as much my
slave as anyone else's don't you? You have to do what I say. And I
say that I want to make love to you! In fact," she continued after
a brief pause, "I think I'm not only going to make you let me love
you, but I'm going to make you let me love you roughly!"
     Danielle continued to back away until suddenly there was a
cold wall at her back and there was nowhere left to retreat. Fanny
continued to move right up to her until her perfect little body was
just brushing Danielle's. She went to her toes, which brought her
face just about even with Danielle's, and reached up with both
hands to pull Danielle's head down to hers. Her tongue flickered
out over Danielle's lips, and then her mouth pressed up into the
other woman's and she was kissing her hungrily.
     Danielle felt herself wanting to respond. She found this, in
one way, to be even more upsetting than her reaction to Maria had
been. This was beginning to feel less like pure lust, and more like
the stirring of something deeper. But falling in love at first
sight in this situation would be absolutely ridiculous!
     Suddenly, Fanny was going to her knees. Her breasts rubbed
against Danielle's belly, and one slid against her cunt so that a
hard nipple flicked briefly against Danielle's clit, making her
gasp. Fanny moved herself between Danielle's legs, forcing her to
spread them. Her mouth found Danielle's pussy, and she kissed it
passionately. Danielle found herself getting more and more into it,
and her pussy was getting wetter and wetter.
     Then Fanny drew her mouth away and panted, "Now I want to do
you the way Maria did me!" She was short of breath from her
excitement. She hurriedly brought her hand up to the pussy and
began to force her fingers inside.
     At first Danielle didn't realize exactly what was going on. By
the time she figured out that Fanny was planning to fist-fuck her,
the petite woman already had four fingers inside, and was working
on squeezing in her thumb. Due to the good stretching that Gereti's
dildo had given her earlier, she felt little pain. It was
uncomfortable, but in a good way. It also didn't hurt that Fanny's
pretty hand was as small as the rest of her.
     What did draw her gasps was the girl's fingernails. Fanny had
fairly long, pointy, well-kept nails. They were very attractive,
but they cut at Danielle's insides as the fingers squirmed around
trying to improve their position. The thumbnail caught on a pussy
lip on the way in and made Danielle cry out sharply as it scraped
her. 
     Then Fanny had all her fingers in to just past the knuckles.
She kept pushing in slowly, making a fist as she went, and rotating
it side to side to help get it in. Danielle felt the first real
discomfort now. She was stretching even further than she had
earlier. Fanny worked on her till she was buried in just past the
wrist. Then she began a steadily increasing in and out motion. She
pulled out just to the point where the fist was stretching the cunt
entrance the furthest, and then she gently punched back in, going
a little deeper each time.
     As soon as she'd established her rhythm, she brought her face
back in close to the distended pussy and put her lips around
Danielle's clitoris. She began sucking and flicking her tongue over
the pert little love button. Danielle began to pant in mounting
ecstasy. Fanny's lips formed into a smile at this sound, and she
increased the pumping speed of her hand. At the same time, she took
Danielle's clit between her teeth, and gently started biting down
on it. She slowly sawed her lower teeth back and forth against the
tiny bundle of flesh, rolling it between her inscissors.
     Danielle was close to seeing stars. Her pussy was hurting, but
it was hurting so good! She had never before in her life been so
turned on! She'd never felt an orgasm build the way this one was
building. Part of it, she was sure, was because she'd never felt as
good about anyone as she felt about the girl presently between her
legs. Well, she'd felt an attraction to Adelle this morning. That
had certainly been strong. But she had no time to wonder how making
love to Mistress Adelle might compare to having Fanny screw her.
She felt her orgasm coming, and her breathing became more frantic
and uneven.
     Sensing that her lover was near the edge, Fanny considered
easing off and teasing her for just a brief moment. But then her
own need to get Danielle off overrode that thought. She continued
fisting and biting until she could sense that Danielle was on the
crest of the orgasmic wave. Then she viciously thrust her fist from
side to side, stretching the pussy membranes while at the same time
giving a good hard bite on Danielle's clit. 
     Danielle screamed! But the agony was laced with an incredible
release! She felt herself exploding in pleasure!  Fanny continued
to violently assault the vaginal opening with her fist, careful to
limit the worst of it to the vaginal entrance itself. Her teeth
remained closed down on the clitoris, and she sucked and sucked and
sucked on it, greedily slurping up the juices dribbling from
Danielle's lust swollen membranes.
     As the crest of Danielle's cum passed, Fanny gradually eased
the stimulation, first withdrawing her fist, wiping it dry on the
inside of Danielle's left thigh. Then she released the clit. Her
mouth dropped down again to the hole itself, and she kissed it as
she had earlier, giving it plenty of tongue. She held this kiss a
good half minute. Danielle shuddered from the pleasure, thrusting
her hips forward now in encouragement to the talented mouth. But
Fanny broke the kiss and pulled away.
     She looked up at Danielle from where she knelt and licked her
lips clean saying, "Hm! Oh, Danielle, that was heaven!" Then her
eyes acquired a shy little puppy-dog look, and she smiled. "Are you
sure you don't have to use the toilet?"
     When Danielle didn't reply, Fanny turned around, still on her
knees, and ducked her head under Danielle's rear. She reached up
with her small fingers and spread Danielle's buttocks. Danielle
heard her say, "I do assholes too!" and then the darling little
tongue was assaulting her tight sphincter.
     "Oh!" was all that Danielle could manage to say. Then Fanny's
hands were on her pussy again. With one, Fanny took Danielle's
clitoris between thumb and finger, kneading it, tugging on it, and
squeezing it hard every so often. With the other hand, she once
again inserted several fingers into Danielle's pussy. She kept it
at three this time, and as she fingered the tight pussy before her,
she made love to Danielle's asshole with her tongue. 
     Danielle felt her legs go weak. The only thing keeping her up
was that she was quite literally sitting on Fanny's face! Again the
pleasure built within her and this time, when she came, her knees
buckled slightly, and she slid off of Fanny, the girl's fingers
being pulled out of her pussy along the way. She let herself fall
to her hands and knees, and then lay down on her belly and just
rested her head on her folded arms. 
     Fanny smiled tenderly, and lay down beside her, nestling in
close, her mouth pressing up against Danielle's ear. "It was good
for me too, love. You're beautiful, Danielle! Now, what say I give
you a bath, huh? We came in here to get you all cleaned up and
patched. Let's do it!"
     Danielle nodded and let her petite lover help her to stand and
move over to the tub. "I think I might love you, Danielle," she
heard the younger lady say. 
     Danielle smiled. "I think that maybe, just maybe, I just might
love you too, Fanny." She sighed, wondering what she was getting
herself into.
*                *               *











Karen











     There was always something irresistibly kinky about holding
briefing sessions in the nude, Karen thought. Staring at Jason's
big hard penis certainly made it a challenge to concentrate on
business. They were seated at the table in her main room. Several
sketchy floor-plans were laid out before them, and a number of file
folders were stacked to her left. Jason was going through the
motions of leafing through one of them, but she could tell he
wasn't really paying it any attention.
     "I don't fuckin believe it," he was saying incredulously. "You
mean to tell me this whole thing is about an out-of-control sibling
rivalry?"
     Karen giggled. "That's one way of looking at it. Just don't
say that in front of either Stephen or Adelle or you're dead meat!
Well, there are things I can't tell you about without permission
from my sister. They would make the nature of the whole situation
very clear. Unfortunately, you'll just have to trust me instead.
Yes, Stephen is trying to wrestle control of A.S. Sunder
Enterprises away from his sister. To do this, he has to meet a
certain obligation placed upon him by our father. Adelle's control
over the company is only temporary, although of indefinite
duration. To guarantee she keeps it, she's got to beat Stephen to
his goal."
     "And you can't be more specific?"
     Karen shook her head. "Nope. Sorry."
     Jason tossed the file onto the table and sighed, then grinned.
"Oh well. 'Mine is not to ask you why, mine is but make them die!'
Do you know who your brother got to stage the raid?"
     She nodded. "I think so. Stephen's part of the company is
almost purely a scientific branch. He's gathered himself a few
special operatives, but he doesn't have many. By cross checking the
data with what I was able to determine from the video footage, I
think I've got it pegged." She pulled out one of the files and
handed it to him. "Their names are Richard Diggs, and Elaine
Spicer."
     Jason sat up quickly and snatched the file from her out-
stretched hand. He opened it and gazed at the two photographs
within. Karen watched him with interest. Finally, he looked up.
"Shit!" he said quietly. "I know these two dick-heads!"
     "Oh?" She was curious as to where from.
     Jason nodded. "Mr. Diggs and I served in the Special Forces
together before I was discharged and signed with the Chaos Company.
He was a pretty good demolitions man, but had a hard time following
orders, and lacked the tactical creativity to get away with doing
his own thing. He just narrowly missed being court-martialled. Ms.
Spicer was a Chaos grunt, a private in one of my own units, that I
had a falling out with."
     Karen slid her chair closer to his and looked at the picture
of Elaine Spicer yet again. "She worked for me? Are you sure?"
     Jason grinned and looked down at his groin, playfully moving
his scrotum aside as if to examine underneath. "I think I still
have the bruises here somewhere. Damn bitch tried to cut my balls
off. I beat the shit out of her and left her tied up awaiting a
field execution. Somehow she got free and disappeared. I filed a
report with your office and forgot about her. This was about three
months before you promoted me from the field."
     Karen was pensive. "There was no such file on her on record.
It might have been flushed out accidently, but I doubt it. Shit! I
hope this doesn't mean that Stephen has found a way into some of
our peripheral systems! I'll have to check on that!" Then she
smiled. "Tried to cut your balls off, eh? What was that all about?"
     He shrugged. "Commander's privilege. I called her into my
tent, told her to pull down her pants and prepare to get it up the
ass. She refused. I tried to force her, and she fought back. She
kneed my groin, came damn close to dislocating my knee, and made a
grab for a knife I had lying around. She made comments about
relieving me of the source of my "hormonal poisoning" or something
like that."
     "Which, I'll bet, was a mistake!" Karen was laughing.
     Jason looked hurt. "Damn straight it was! Woke me up in a real
hurry. I faked her out, kicked the knife from her hands, and got it
a really sweet snap kick to the solar plexus. The fight didn't last
long after that. I cuffed her up and left to get cleaned up. I
would have killed her right then and there, except that she was a
real pretty woman, and I figured I owed it to the troops to make a
show of it. I wanted to make it last. By the time I got back from
making the arrangements, she was gone."
     "Inside help?" she suggested.
     He shook his head. "Well, in a matter of speaking, maybe. She
had some sort of small tool kit hidden up her snatch, we think.
Somehow she must have got it out without her hands, found a way to
get out a lock pick and open her restraints. Shit! I would have
payed to have seen that!"
     "If she was that good, her being in Chaos was a mistake. She
should have been made an assassin," she declared.
     Jason chuckled. "Which is obviously the decision your not-so-
dear half-brother reached as well."
     She shrugged. "Regardless of anything either I or Adelle say,
never make the mistake of thinking that Stephen is stupid. Stephen
is insane. He is not stupid." 
     He shrugged. "Anyway, there was a reason Elaine joined my
mercenaries. She loved to fight. She loved the brutality of it, and
most of all, she loved the after-battle rape and pillage parties.
She finished off her fair share of women and children, believe me."
     Karen licked her lips. "Anyway, this operation should go more
smoothly now since one of the planners has personal knowledge of
the targets."
     He shook his head. "Richard was a long time ago. People
change. And I never really got to know Elaine. Besides, you and
Adelle know Stephen, and that hasn't helped you much, has it? Which
leads me to say that I still don't understand why you two just
don't off him and have done with it!"
     "I told you. That's confidential until Adelle says otherwise.
Now, you have a target. How do we go about getting our hands on
them? Suggestions? It'll be your teams after all."
     He looked up at her. "Any idea where they have their personal
spaces? Are they staying wherever your brother's holed up, or do
they have private rooms?"
      "Our intelligence on them is not in-depth. We only ever
checked them out as part of keeping tabs on Stephen. I think that
they both have rooms in the central bio-complex. We do know though
that Richard can't stay away from the strip bars. We've a list of
four or five that he seems to visit on a regular basis."
     Jason nodded. "That sounds like him. He probably spends all
his time and money trying to get the dancers to take him home." He
paused. "You know, that might be just the way to get him! We plant
someone in one of the clubs and let him pick them up. When they get
him alone, they finish him."
     "Okay. That sounds like a promising start. Don't forget
though, it's possible that they have information on some of our
operatives. How could we tell that one of the girls might not be
compromising her safety and the success of the mission because
she's known?"
     Jason smiled. "Simple. You hire freelancers. You have a list
of several who've worked for you before, don't you? Killers that
you know you can trust to get the job done?"
     Karen smiled. "Killers you can trust. I like that. As a matter
of fact, I think I have the perfect girls in mind. Do you remember
those two that helped you take out that corporate president a few
weeks ago? The ones that posed as escorts?"
     "Karsti and Shelley, right?" He shuddered. "Vicious bitches
both!"
     Karen nodded. "They hate men with a passion. They ought to be
just perfect for your buddy Richard."
     Jason's knees reflexively pressed tighter together. "Fuck! I'd
hate to be in his jock-strap!"
     "Considering their rep," Karen continued, "perhaps I should
make sure that someone's there with a video camera. Adelle wouldn't
want to miss them at work. They'll do it too. They called in a few
days ago asking for some special favours. I can arrange a trade
easily -- their services for our labs."
     Jason frowned, then shrugged. "Never mind. I won't ask. Well,
that takes care of Mr. Diggs. What about Elaine? Much as I hate her
guts, she's a cunning bitch! She'll be tough."
     "Especially if we have to grab her out from right under
Stephen's nose." She pointed to the blue-prints. "Those show the
bio-complex lay out from back just before Stephen became the head.
Who knows how much of it he's changed. He has a very warped mind.
You could find anything in there!"
     Jason looked down at them. "How much was working space and how
much might be given over to personal uses?"
     She shrugged. "I might just be able to find out. I have a
plant in his service. He's very low-level and doesn't work for us
directly, but he is deeply in love with one of Adelle's agents and
might tell her what we need to know. I was hoping to save him until
he got promoted high enough to be of use. But he's been there four
years and that hasn't happened."
     Jason raised an eyebrow. "Is he that bad, or do you think your
half-brother suspects something?"
     "He might have an idea of what's going on. Stephen might just
be keeping him around so that I don't try to plant someone else. I
can't figure out the way he thinks. But even as lowly as he is, he
should be able to find where Elaine's rooms are."
     "Then it'll be a raid," Jason stated flatly.
     Karen found herself getting horny again. She had been unable
to keep from glancing at Jason's crotch every few minutes and
imagining what Elaine might have done to it had Jason not defeated
her. She found herself fantasizing about hurting that beautiful
cock, and torturing those heavy balls. She imagined what Jason
would look like screaming in agony.
     Unfortunately, he was too valuable to her both as an employee
and as a lover for her to be able to indulge herself in such
activities. She thought about Princess in the other room, and
suddenly she was in a hurry to get back to her pretty little victim
and make her suffer. She was also in the mood for a male slave. But
that could wait until after Jason left. She didn't want him seeing
what she might feel tempted to do.
     "How many agents are you going to take in?" Karen asked,
swinging her feet over into his lap. He spread his legs for her,
allowing her to do whatever she wanted.
     "It might have to be a two-part operation. One unit will be
for diversionary purposes while I lead a second smaller group in to
capture Elaine. Say maybe ten people in all, myself included."
     Karen was running her toes under his heavy balls. He was
growing hard again. With her other foot, she used her toes to tease
his cock head, rubbing and pinching it. A picture came into her
head of Jason tied up so that his scrotum rested against a solid
surface, and her stepping down on it, grounding his balls beneath
her heel. She had to bite her lip to keep from moaning. 
     Jason was enjoying her attention. But he was growing restless
as well. "Karen, do you think we could get back to Princess now? We
really can't lay any further plans until you have better
intelligence on the bio-complex lay-out. And you are making me
extremely horny!"
     She used the ball of her foot to press his balls upwards into
his belly, and applied just enough pressure to make it enticingly
uncomfortable. "Believe it or not, I was thinking exactly the same
thing. Let's go!"
     They rose from their seats so hastily, they almost tripped
over each other. This made both of them laugh at their sadistic
arousal. Karen took the lead and let them back into the mini
dungeon. Princess was just where they had left her. A little more
than an hour had passed, and she seemed to be a bit more alert, her
eyes turning to them the minute they entered the room. She made
little moaning sounds of terror. Her antics made Karen grin. "Well,
the little bitch is awake again. Good. Time to party, dear!" But
she went over to one of the supply drawers first.
     Jason went directly over to the girl and began fingering her
still tight pussy. He did it roughly, probing from side to side
with two fingers. He snickered. "Whatever you've given her, its
definitely making her more cooperative. She's actually getting a
little wet!"
     Karen came over to him. "It's a side effect of the pick-me-up
I gave her. It makes one so horny, even extreme pain is welcomed.
She still feels it as pain, but it can make her cum. Her pain and
pleasure centres trigger together. It's wild stuff."
     Jason withdrew his fingers and slapped the captive pussy as
hard as he could. Princess shuddered and whimpered, but her hips
quivered enticingly. "Shit, you aren't kidding are you. It's almost
like there's two of her, one in agony, and the other really turned
on."
     "Of course I wasn't kidding. I've experienced it first hand.
I let Adelle use it on me shortly after it was first developed. She
fucked me up the ass with a huge spiked dildo, and as much as it
hurt, I never came so many times in my life!" As Jason stared at
her surprised, she showed him what she'd gone to get. It was a pair
of delicate pliers. The jaws were lightly serrated, but very small,
perhaps a quarter inch squared.
     "What are you going to use that on?" Jason asked her.
     "Well, when we left, I had told you her pretty little cunt
would be next. Maybe you weren't paying attention?" She said this
last with a nasty look, and gestured playfully towards his balls
with the pliers. Jason decided it was best to say nothing.
     Karen knelt between Princess's spread legs and brought the
pliers to the base of the girl's right pussy lip. She took just the
smallest bit of flesh in the mouth of her stainless-steel tool. She
slowly began to squeeze the handle. 
     Princess screamed, and tried to buck her hips away from the
kiss of the cruel metal mouth. But she was too well restrained for
that. Karen squeezed harder and harder, using all of her
considerable strength. Blood began to seep through the metal jaws.
She was crushing the delicate tissue to a pulp.  Jason watched,
fascinated. Princess's pussy was juicing heavily.
     When Karen finally released the bit of membrane, it was
tattered and flattened, enlarged in area the way a piece of chewing
gum would be if one were to squeeze it flat. Karen took the next
little piece of flesh over and repeated the procedure. 
     "You know, this is all very nice, but I'm getting bored. Do
you mind if I do something to her?" Jason inquired.
     "Get another pair of these pliers," Karen ordered him. "You
can do one of her nipples. I want you to reduce the entire thing
the way I'm doing with this pussy lip."
     Jason did as she suggested. He found the appropriate drawer,
grabbed himself a pair of the pliers and returned to the girl's
side. He went to work on the girl's left nipple. He started where
the aureole met the white skin of the breast, and worked his way
upwards in a line to the tip of the nipple. The metal plier handles
felt good in his hand. He squeezed slowly, keeping his eyes on
Princess's face, enjoying her expressions of torment. Meanwhile,
Karen did the outside edge of the pussy lip a bit at the time,
stopping about a half inch away from the girl's clit.
     "Enough," Karen said suddenly. "I'm just introducing her to
pain today. I don't want to do too much damage to her yet." She was
looking at the nipple that Jason had attacked. He hadn't crushed
it's tissues as completely as she had the membranes she'd worked
on. "It's time to feed her dinner."
     She moved to Princess's head, and took the tip of the tongue
between the jaws of her pliers. Then she began pulling out the
needles, doing it slowly, and pressing them against the sides of
the wounds to aggravate her victim's pain. She pulled out the one
that went from side to side first, and then the two that went from
top to bottom.
     Princess, withdrew her tongue into her mouth. She looked so
arousing with her face bruised, welted and bleeding from its
previous whipping, and tears streaming from her reddened eyes.
Karen took the pliers from Jason, and put away both pairs. She
returned with a paper plate and a plastic spoon.
     "You're actually going to do this, aren't you?" Jason grinned.
"I haven't seen anything this wild since my days in the field!"
     Answering him with only a smile, Karen squatted over the paper
plate and began to strain. She had her feet well apart and was
leaning forwards, her weight mostly on the balls of her feet. A
thick putrid brown turd appeared from between her perfect buttocks
and dropped down onto the plate. It was followed by a second almost
as large as the first. Jason stared at them, aroused by the
revolting sight. "You've been eating corn again, I notice," he
quipped at last. "You can see the little bits of it where it's not
completely digested." He'd seen enough shit in the jungle under all
sorts of circumstances. He wasn't easily grossed out. 
     Finished with her toilet, Karen stood and went over to the
wall across from the entrance. There was a hose with a spray
attachment there. There was a small basin set into the floor along
with a drain. She used the hose to rinse off her ass, not bothering
to wipe herself dry. Then she returned to where she'd left the
plate and picked it up.
     Princess had watched Karen shit with an unattached air, as if
she couldn't really figure out what was going to happen next. But
when Karen sat on the edge of the altar next to her head, plate in
hand, she began whimpering anew. "No, please, not that!" she
croaked weakly, her words slurred because of the pain she still
felt in her tongue.
     Karen set the plate down on the young girl's belly. She
grabbed the girl's jaw with one hand, and shook the head from side
to side. "You're going to eat that, got it? You're going to eat
every little bit of that shit! If you don't, I'm going to pluck out
your eyeballs one at the time and make you eat those! Do you
understand me?"
     Princess broke out in fresh sobs. Karen picked up the plate
and, holding it a moderate distance away from herself, used the
spoon to break off and pick up a piece of one of the turds. The
shit was soft, and sliced easily. Karen brought the moderately
sized chunk to her captive's mouth, holding it before the pursed
lips.
     "Now open wide and eat the nice shit," Karen cooed. Princess
just stared at her, paralysed with fright and disgust. Karen
sighed. "Jason, be a dear and fetch that blowtorch over in the
third cupboard." She looked Princess in the eyes. "Jason is going
to light that blow torch, and if you don't eat your dinner, I'm
going to have him burn your calves and thighs. If you still don't
eat, then I will indeed poke out your eyes and stuff them down your
throat."
     Jason returned with the torch. He'd lit it already, and had
focused the flame into a narrow blue stream. He regarded Princess
cooly, wishing he could really burn her with this to his heart's
content. He longed to take a harsher approach as well as a more
direct role in this beauty's torment. Slowly he brought the flame
closer and closer to the sole of Princess's right foot till she
could feel it's heat. He held it in place until she started to
squirm, then drew it away. 
     "Now open wide, or the next time you get burned!" Karen
ordered.
     Princess stared at the spoonful of shit, and slowly parted her
lips. "That's a good girl," Karen purred. "I'll bet you're starved!
Your belly is completely empty, after all. Here. Have some of this
succulent manure."
     Karen spooned the putrid stuff into the girl's mouth. Then she
pressed the jaw shut. Princess made a ghastly face. Her eyes
pleaded with Karen's for mercy. But she would have none. "Now chew
and swallow it!" Karen ordered. She grabbed the girl's lips,
holding them tightly together. She put the spoon down on the plate,
and slapped the girl's face. "Chew it, bitch!"
     Princess moved her jaw gingerly, limited in how much she could
open it by the fingers holding her lips. She chewed and then forced
herself to swallow. "See? Was it so bad?" Karen sounded like a
nanny talking to a little child. "Now for the next bite!"
     A bit at the time, she spooned the shit into her slave's
mouth, and made the girl eat it. Several times the girl almost
retched up the gruesome contents of her stomach. But the drugs in
her system acted to deaden that reflex. Whenever she balked, Jason
gave her just the barest taste of the flame. He didn't burn her,
but reminded her how easy it would be for him to do so. Princess
found herself having to eat all of the two thick pieces of shit.
     When he wasn't keeping her in line, Jason amused himself by
pinching the girl's clit hard, and slapping her exquisitely lovely
legs, bruising them heavily. Her pale flesh made the purple of
bruise marks stand out deliciously. But he found that as much as he
was enjoying the girl's abuse, he didn't like the secondary role he
was being forced to take. Karen too seemed a bit subdued, as if she
was beginning to resent having to share her toy with him. He
decided that he wouldn't regret having to leave the dungeon as much
as he'd thought he would earlier.
     Once again, it seemed that Karen was thinking the same thing.
When Princess had cleaned off her plate, she taped the girl's mouth
shut and went to throw out the plate and spoon. When she was done,
she came up to him and looked into his eyes. "I think it's best if
you leave now, Jason. I have a lot of work to catch up on. You've
watched Princess eat her shit, and you've had a half dozen or so
cums, so you can't complain."
     He sighed, shutting off the blow torch and putting it down.
"You're right. There are things to do. I'm going to go over who I
want on my strike force."
     She opened the door to the outer office, and he preceded her
out. He walked over to where his cloths were piled, and started to
dress. "You'll let me know as soon as you've got Elaine's location
figured out?" he reminded her.
     She nodded. "It shouldn't take more than a day or two. I'll
notify Karsti and Shelley about their assignment too. We are best
off if we time the raid with their move on Diggs." She walked up to
him and kissed him on the lips. "Thanks for a wonderful afternoon,
lover."
     Jason smiled and nodded. "I had a great time too. I still want
you to get me onto Adelle's mailing list. My birthday's coming up
too, and I could really use a present like Princess!"
     Karen giggled. She gave him one last kiss, cupping his crotch
and squeezing his genitals almost painfully. He grunted his
discomfort, and she reluctantly let it go. "Come on! Get out of
here!" She keyed her door open, and shooed him out, slapping his
behind playfully. He turned and mimed a bite as the door slid shut
on him.
     Karen sighed. She was truly relieved that he was gone. She
really lusted for that man, but right at this moment she had other
needs, and a male lover would only get in the way. No, at this
moment the only type of male she wanted in her presence was a
submissive masochist slave. She wanted a cock to abuse. She wanted
balls to break.
     That reminded her of a thought she'd originally had back when
Princess had first been delivered. She smiled and returned to her
dungeon. Princess was looking very sick to the stomach. Karen found
a paper cup, filled it with warm water, and walked over to her
slave. She peeled the tape off her mouth with a hard jerk, enjoying
the girl's wince of pain. "Here. This will wash some of the taste
from your mouth."
     She poured the water slowly between the girl's parted lips,
and Princess drank it down gratefully. Karen poured a little faster
and jerked her wrist so that some splashed up the girl's nose,
making her cough. "I want you to tell me something now, girl,"
Karen spoke with a mistress's firmness. "Do you have a boyfriend?"
     Princess looked at her, then nodded slowly. Karen smiled. "How
old is he?"
     "N-nine-t-t-een," the poor girl stuttered. 
     Karen sat on the edge of the altar. She put down the cup and
reached out with a hand to gently stroke the girl's cheek. She had
to admire her victim's beauty now because before long it would be
gone. "You're going to tell me his name, and you're going to tell
me where he lives." She ran a finger over the bruised lips as she
said that. "Do you understand that?" 
     To that, there was no response. "Go on! Tell me!" Karen
insisted. At the girl's continued resistance, Karen went to the
tool drawers and returned with what looked almost like a long metal
dildo with a forked prong at the end. A long wire extended from the
base of it ending in a plug. Karen untangled the wire and plugged
it into a socket not far from the altar slab. She moved between her
slave's legs.
     "Do you know what this is? It's an electric prod. I'm going to
use it on your pussy unless you cooperate. This is the low
setting," she said adjusting a small knob on the instrument's
handle. She held the prongs just an inch away from their target,
letting the anticipation build, then pushed them into the pussy on
either side of the girl's clit. There was a crackle as the current
flowed, and Princess screamed and convulsed in her bondage. 
     "Now I'm going to make this interesting. I'm going to tell you
exactly why I want to know, and what I'm planning to do. When you
tell me where your boyfriend lives, I'm going to have him picked up
and brought here. A couple of my girls will either seduce him into
a car, or take him by force -- whichever works best. They'll
deliver him here, to me. I'm going to put him in here with you, and
I'm going to torture him exactly like I'm torturing you now."
     She paused to see what effect her narration was having. There
was a look of despair on the girl's face. "I might even let one of
you help me hurt the other. In fact, I might insist on it. Tell me,
do you think he would enjoy hurting you? Would you enjoy hurting
him? Will you get a kick out of watching me cut off his balls, or
would you prefer to do it yourself? I might let you if you asked to
nicely. Or maybe he might enjoy carving off your big, lovely
breasts?" She smiled. Princess's breathing had become faster. She
was definitely reacting.
     "In the end, I'm going to kill him before I kill you. You are
going to watch. And you're still going to tell me what I want to
know. You can tell me now," she paused dramatically, "or after I
torture you with this," she waved the prod around, " or I can drug
you to make you more cooperative. But you will tell me."
     She adjusted the control knob on the prod yet again. "It's on
full strength now. At this setting, it packs about ten times the
kick you first felt." She slowly brought it towards the girl's
clitoris, her eyes locked on her victim's the whole time. 
     "Noel! His name is Noel," Princess gasped, fear overpowering
loyalty.
     "His full name, bitch," Karen insisted, smiling wickedly. "And
his address." 
     "Noel Severin," the girl sobbed, and she proceeded to give
Karen all the details. 
     Karen smiled. "Thank you. But you shouldn't have given in so
fast. This is for spoiling my fun!" The prod drove into her clit.
*               *               *











Adelle











     Sharon had been laid down along one of the benches and
forgotten. For what Adelle really had in mind to do, she would only
have been in the way. Adelle wanted a sparring session, and of the
two women, Caroline was the only one qualified to fight her. 
      She began leading Caroline through a series of warm-up
exercises. The stretches came first. Adelle kept her attention on
Caroline as they worked. She really admired the petite woman's
body. Under the right circumstances, Caroline could pass for a
little girl. As they went from deep bends into the splits, she
found she also enjoyed the way the shaved twat looked in that
position, hovering less than an inch above the floor. She resolved
to create a torture around that position. Caroline also had
adorable little feet. They were tiny and perfect, but were deadly
weapons. Caroline could break through a stack of five, inch-thick
wooden boards with a kick.
     Done with the stretching, she commenced a vigourous series of
aerobic exercises with sets of push-ups and sit-ups mixed in for
good measure. Caroline strained to keep up with her. The little
woman was in excellent shape, but she was sweating buckets. Adelle,
on the other hand, found it easy to maintain the pace.
     Finally, Adelle snapped, "Enough! At attention!" She stood
straight, feet set slightly apart, arms at her side. Caroline did
the same. "We'll do katas nine through twelve. Begin!"
     She began leading Caroline through the series of martial arts
patterns and techniques. These served not only as exercise, but as
a meditative focus as well. Caroline would need to be fully
concentrated on combat in order to spar with Adelle and expect to
come out uninjured. The precise series of movements would help get
her in the proper frame of mind. They punched, spun, blocked, and
kicked out in unison, as if dancing a deadly dance.
     Adelle had mastered three different martial arts to a high
degree, and was familiar with six others. Her favourite was
Taekwon-do because she loved using her legs, and the fluid but
powerful kicking techniques suited her perfectly. She had, however,
combined the things she liked about Karate and Kung-fu with her
Taekwon-do to create a hybrid style all her own. It was this style
that she personally taught to the very best of her people. Caroline
was one of her top three students. She was fast, with quick
reflexes, stronger than she looked, very disciplined, and had a no-
nonsense approach to fighting.
     They ran through the four different katas quickly. Had this
been a tournament, they would both have received near perfect
scores. Caroline, Adelle knew, had worked very hard to get that
good. She on the other hand, had mastered all the elements of every
style she'd learned extremely quickly. She always marvelled at how
quickly she could train her reflexes. Whenever she stopped to think
about the extent of her physical and mental abilities, she was
reminded how far above the human norm she was. Above normal
physical abilities had apparently run in her family for
generations. But she was something more, due to the efforts of her
father. 
     When Anthony Sylvian Sunder had, many many years ago,
discovered just how unique he was, he had decided, for his own
reasons, to see just what would happen if he could pure-breed for
the peculiar traits he exhibited. Those traits included, among
others, high intelligence, above normal physical strength and
toughness, high resistance to disease, and a very slow aging
process. Being as to how he aged so very slowly, he had devised a
simple plan of inbreeding. 
     He abducted a number of his female cousins who exhibited the
traits he wanted, and had children by them. The males he sold into
slavery. The females he raised and tested. Those that showed no
signs of negative recessives he had fucked, creating the next
generation of breeder. By breeding them young, he had managed to
concentrate the traits he wanted over three generations until he
arrived at two near perfect breeders. One had been Karen's mother.
The other had been hers, and Stephen's. Unfortunately, for her
father anyway, Karen's mother had turned out to be a dead end.
Karen did not inherit the prolonged life-span. Adelle's own mother
had an accident while carrying Stephen to term. Stephen had been
born malformed, and she had died during the birth.
     Adelle snapped herself out of her reverie. Thinking of the
past always made her morbid. She had come down here expressly to
make herself feel better, and thinking about her family background
was not the way to do that. Having finished warming up, it was time
for her to begin her sparring session with Caroline.
     "Are you ready to fight, Caroline?" Adelle asked her
underling.
     Caroline stood herself at attention and bowed. "Yes, Mistress.
Are we going to do hand-to-hand, or weapon sparring?"
     "I'm in the mood for hand to hand. But I want to make it
interesting. There'll be no off-limit targets, and double points
scored for blows landed to the face and crotch. It'll be standard
victory conditions."
     Caroline shook her head and grinned. "I don't think anyone's
ever been able to beat you anyway, so I don't even worry about the
possibility of being able to use you!"
     Adelle laughed. "I am human, regardless of what it looks like
at times. You never know when I'll have an off day. And for your
information, my sister has beaten me twice. I paid the price both
times! Anyway, we'll also be using the sponge-backed gloves.
They'll minimize bruising. But we'll soak them in the heavy
irritant solution first. Come!"
     Just outside the sparring area ran a long wooden table on
which were laid out several different practise weapons, and other
equipment. From this, each woman took a pair of special gloves.
They were fingerless and made of leather. The backs of them were
padded with sponge which was covered by a porous fabric. They
pulled these on, and laced them tightly. Then Adelle picked up a
small glass bottle and unstoppered it. Caroline held out her fists
before her, knuckles up. Adelle carefully poured the solution onto
the back of each glove, letting the liquid be soaked up by the
sponge. Then she handed the bottle to Caroline and held out her
gloves in turn. Caroline returned the favour, soaking the back of
Adelle's gloves.
     Since the gloves were water-tight except for the porous cloth
covering the sponge, the liquid couldn't get onto their hands, but
every time a back-hand blow would be landed, it would be squeezed
out from the sponge and onto wherever the blow landed. The liquid
was not harmful, but was an extremely nasty skin irritant. It was
like being exposed to poison ivy, except it worked much faster, and
mercifully, it would wear off more quickly. But it was murder on
the erectile membranes, like the nipples, and both upper and lower
lips!
     Caroline sealed the bottle once again, put it down, and
followed Adelle to the sparring area. It consisted of a circle
drawn in white on a thin blue mat. The circle was about ten feet in
diameter. To discourage a participant from willingly leaving the
circle during combat, the area outside the circle was strewn with
ground glass that had been glued to the floor. This extended for
about six feet around the circle. Both women slipped on a pair of
wooden sandals in order to cross this space. They removed these
again when they reached the centre, putting them aside.
     They walked to the middle of the mat, and stood a few feet
apart, facing each other. Adelle gave a small nod, and they bowed
to each other, then each immediately went into her particular
fighting stance.
     Their stances were actually quite similar, which was
understandable considering Adelle had trained Caroline. Each stood
with her with left foot forward and the right foot back and to the
side, so that front and back foot were also about a shoulder-width
apart. The right fist was up to block high and left set to block
low. They balanced on the balls of their feet, most of their weight
to the rear, and they bounced slightly, beginning to shuffle around
the circle each looking for an opening in the other's defences.
     They attacked each other almost simultaneously, looking like
a small cyclone of spinning arms and legs. Both women had shuffled
ahead. Adelle had launched a quick round-kick to her opponent's
head. But Caroline had ducked while delivering a side-kick of her
own which Adelle just barely managed to block with a slapping
action of her hand. Adelle followed through on that by snapping the
same hand forward in a punch aimed at Caroline's chest, but the
petite woman shuffled back and to the side, avoiding the blow.
     It was a strange match. Adelle was larger and had a greater
reach. Caroline would have difficulty landing any kicks to the
head. But it balanced out because she was also so compact a target
that Adelle had a lesser area to aim for. Caroline was also one of
the few agents whose natural quickness was almost comparable to
Adelle's.
     The petite agent shuffled away from Adelle, going in circles
just inside the perimeter of the combat area. Suddenly, she stepped
towards the centre, went down low, and attempted to kick Adelle's
lead foot out from under her. Adelle was almost caught by surprise,
but managed to jump over Caroline's outstretched leg. Even as she
landed, her own foot snapped out to catch Caroline in the head.
Caroline managed to avoid the brunt of the blow, but points had
been scored.
     Adelle backed away, and Caroline stood and bowed to her. "Two
points for me already!" Adelle said grinning. "Nice try, but a bit
of a suicide move, don't you think?"
     "I was hoping this might be one of those off days you
mentioned," Caroline admitted ruefully, her head ringing just a
little. "On the other hand, not too many people would have
recovered as quickly as you did, Mistress!"
     They began again. The standard game in a match against Adelle
was that the first to reach twenty-five points won the match. The
winner would get to abuse the loser. The difference in points
defined the amount of abuse the winner was entitled to dish out.
Caroline usually could manage to stay within ten points of her
Mistress. Even losing by that much was painful! Losing by more than
fifteen points was hell. Once, Caroline had watched one agent fail
to score a single point. The poor girl had almost died during her
punishment!
     The two women circled each other again. This time, Caroline
took the initiative, moving in, faking a quick jab to the head, and
snapping her foot up towards Adelle's cunt. Adelle blocked the kick
with her arm and knee, jabbed at Caroline in return, missing, and
followed quickly with a kick of her own. Caroline blocked it with
the back of her hand, rubbing the irritant solution onto the front
and toes of Adelle's foot. Before she could gloat at that bit of
luck however, another quick punch caught her in the mid-section,
and Adelle scored another point.
     Adelle stopped, and looked down at her foot. The skin was
already turning an angry shade of red, and it itched and burned
ferociously! "Nice block, bitch!"
     Caroline stood and bowed. "But you got the point. I figure you
got the best of the deal."
     "I'll rub this on your tootsies, sweet-heart and we'll see if
you still think so. Come on, let's go again."
     On this exchange, Caroline finally managed to land a kick,
catching Adelle in the side just above the hip. Since anything
counted in this match, she scored a point. However, on the next
exchange, she took a back-fist across the face. The blow made her
head spin. And while the padded glove kept her from losing any
teeth, the solution was rubbed across her right cheek and over her
lips. Her face and mouth began to burn. Her lips began to swell
painfully.
     The fight continued. Caroline did a double fake, and took
advantage of Adelle's quick reaction time to duck in under a punch,
and land a side kick into her Mistress's crotch, scoring two
points. Adelle acknowledged the well-placed blow, and retaliated by
landing the next two points, both to the tits, one with a kick, and
the other with a back-hand that set Caroline's left nipple to
burning.
     The scoring continued at similar ratio. Caroline scored three
points for every five or so that Adelle managed against her. By the
time the score was twenty one to twelve in favour of Adelle,
Caroline was just about beat. She'd taken another back-hand in
side, and had had a spinning kick blocked when Adelle moved had
moved in with a punch so that she'd had more of the stinging
solution rubbed against her right inner thigh. She was really sore.
That stuff burned! Adelle had also had been rubbed with the
solution, but mostly her marks were the result of Caroline's
blocks, and were limited to her calves, shins and feet.
     Adelle knew Caroline was calculating the amount of punishment
she'd be made to absorb depending on how the match finished. Adelle
had known all along that she would win the fight. She used these
sessions to let off steam and to practise various combinations. But
now she wanted to see if she could finish Caroline off before the
petite agent could score another point. A thirteen point win for
her would mean she could have a lot of fun at Caroline's expense!
     She launched a furious attack, aiming for a two-point shot.
She sent a rapid series of punches and snap-kicks Caroline's way.
She mixed in a lot of fakes, trying to tire the girl's defences.
Caroline was placed purely on the defensive, struggling just to
block everything, and having no opening for a counter-assault. The
petite woman had to retreat, and retreat.
     Adelle manoeuvred her against the outer edge of the circle.
Caroline had no place to go from there. Not only would Adelle score
a point if she left the circle, but she had no wish to step on the
ground glass. She tried to spin away and break through to the
circle's centre, miscalculated, and left herself open. Adelle
snapped up a powerful kick to her groin that lifted her off her
feet and sent her sprawling back onto the ground glass.
     Caroline somehow managed to land so that only her hands, feet,
and one knee made contact with the glass. Still she screamed as she
was cut. A tear ran down her pretty face, as she collected herself,
carefully got to her feet, and jumped back onto the mat. The gloves
had protected her hands, but her knee and the soles of her feet
were bleeding.
     "That's three points for me. Two for the cunt shot, and one
for you leaving the mat. I'll let you quit now if you want. I only
have to score one more point!" Adelle was grinning wickedly. To
give up meant Caroline would have no chance to narrow the score. In
terms of the game, it would be best to go on. But she knew Adelle
would make her suffer if she refused the offer to quit.
     She went to her knees. "I resign, Mistress. You win."
     Adelle smiled. "By thirteen points. Ooh, this will be sweet!
Very sweet! It was a good fight, Caroline. I feel much better. I
think I'm going to keep your abuse nice and simple. Let's get out
of the circle."
     Caroline stood, and both women slipped the sandals back on to
navigate safely through the glass. They were removed on the other
side. Caroline also pulled off her gloves, placing them on the
table. But she noticed that Adelle only removed her left glove.
Adelle noticed her staring and smirked. "This will be part of your
punishment." She took the bottle and poured a fresh bit of the
solution into the sponge on the back of her glove. "Follow me!" she
commanded.
     Caroline was led to one of the weight machines, of the sort
that used the pulley system. Adelle moved the bench beneath it so
that it lay at an angle, then fetched another bench, and placed it
at an equal and opposite angle from the first. Caroline was made to
stand with one leg on either side of each. Adelle had her grab hold
of the pulley-cords' handles, and told her to squat. This left her
ass suspended in mid-air, her privates splayed open.
     "You are not to move from that position, dear," Adelle warned
her sternly. "If you do, I'll make you very sorry for the rest of
a very short life. I'm going to fist-fuck you with this glove on!"
     Caroline's eyes went wide with fear, but there was little she
could do. To disobey Adelle was to court death, usually of a very
slow and painful variety! She swallowed, gritted her teeth, and
prepared to suffer her violation.
     Adelle wasn't kind. Smiling savagely, she began by rubbing the
back of her fist firmly against Caroline's delicate, pink, inner
cunt-folds, making sure to get the clitoris good and wet with the
burning solution. Caroline held back a scream as her privates began
to burn and swell painfully. Her knuckles went white as she gripped
the handles with all her strength.
     Then Adelle began inserting her four fingers all at once. With
the labia already swelling shut, and Caroline's cunt being tiny and
tight to begin with, the little lady's pain was unbelievable.
Adelle drove her fingers in, careless about the scratches her long
nails inflicted on the tender inner walls.
     Caroline had to fight a sudden weakness in her legs. She
didn't dare fall out of position. But she was sweating from the
pain, and her feet felt like they were slipping. As Adelle worked
her way in to the knuckles, Caroline realized that the worst was
just beginning. Now would come the glove!
     Adelle worked her thumb in as well, and began using it to
force the cunt-walls apart so that she could wriggle in the rest of
her hand. The liquid in the sponge padding began to be squeezed
out, and it ran down Caroline's pussy to her ass crack, causing her
anus to begin hurting like mad. It felt like a hot poker had been
shoved against her sphincter.
     Adelle shoved her hand all the way into the tight twat. She
made a fist, and began pulling it slowly out. When the widest part
of her hand was just inside the mouth of Caroline's vagina, she
began rotating her fist, rubbing the painful liquid seeping from
the glove into her slave-agent's inner membranes.
     Finally, she pulled her fist out. "Okay, you can let go now,"
she said, a look of intense satisfaction on her face.
     Caroline let go the handles and the sobbing lady crumpled
slowly to the floor, her legs being pulled up over the two benches
so that her feet were still draped over them when her ass hit the
floor. She clasped her burning pussy, but there was no way for her
to reduce the pain. She would have to wait for the chemical to wear
off, and that would take well over an hour!
     Adelle sighed her pleasure, and walked over to the table,
taking off the other glove. A bit of the chemical had dripped onto
her own hand, but she was able to ignore the pain. It wasn't bad
enough to be more than a distraction. In a way, she enjoyed it. It
was a reminder of how much more Caroline had to be suffering.
     She wondered for a moment is she should go back to Sharon and
get the lovely lady to suck her cunt. She looked over at the lovely
blond, licked her lips sensuously, but decided against it. The day
was winding to a close, and she had a lovely young lady back at the
mansion begging to be broken in. She suddenly knew that she wanted
to go home and play with Danielle.
     "The two of you can let yourselves out, dears," she said.
"Thank you for a lovely afternoon. Sharon, I'll let you know what
I decide about training you for field work. If I were you, I'd
start training a little harder, just in case. You never know when
you'll need to prove your conditioning again. Caroline, you were
delightful. We'll have to do this again sometime soon! Good day,
ladies!"
     She left the way she came in. Once in the access corridor, she
first went to her bathroom. She climbed into her whirlpool, and set
it for a relaxing bath. She would unwind here, she decided, then
get dressed in her small bedroom, make one last check on the
business of the day, and head out the mansion.
     As the hot, swirling waters loosened her muscles, her thoughts
turned to Stephen and the raid. However, now she was able to think
about it level-headedly. She had complete faith in her sister's
ability to plan and execute a counter-strike. Getting into
Stephen's offices would be difficult but no less so than his
agent's getting into hers. What complicated things was that neither
one of them could afford to just kill the other. Each needed to
capture the other alive.
     She smiled. There was no way Stephen would ever take her
alive. She had as little chance of capturing him alive, but she
would easily outlive him. She had her father's longevity. In fact,
because of her pure-breeding, it had been estimated that she would
be even longer-lived than her father. One trusted company physician
estimated that she could expect to live to be nearly two hundred
years old. Her cells could continue to properly replicate a lot
longer than those of the average human, that seemed to lose the
ability to reproduce themselves after a given period of time. 
     No, she had the advantage. Stephen had a quantity of his semen
deposited in a company sperm-bank. If he died before producing a
viable off-spring, his holdings reverted to her, and she would have
his genetic material to work with. Combined with her faultless
genome, she could produce the super-child her father had wanted.
Time was on her side.
*               *               *











Lisa











     Lisa looked Monica over and licked her lips. Stephen had
definitely not been fair when he'd commented on the slender
brunette's figure. It was true that the young lady was bony and
willowy, but there was a sexiness to her gauntness. Lisa was
reminded of the graphic pictures of nude female holocaust victims
that she'd stared at in fascination while growing up. She had
German blood in her background, and had always fantasized about
what it might have been like to be in charge of a concentration
camp. Even as a young teenager, even knowing her desires were sick
by the definitions of normal society, it was the one fantasy she'd
never been able to abandon. Now, staring at the terrified woman,
she felt those images stir anew in her head.
     Lisa savoured Monica with her eyes. The brunette's face was
elfin and narrow. She had thin, bruised lips. There were shadows
under her liquid, brown eyes that turned Lisa on with the tale of
suffering they told. Monica had a slender neck, and delicate
shoulders. Her breasts were small, almost girlish. Her nipples were
small pink buttons amidst tiny aureoles. All her ribs showed
clearly, and her navel was very shallow. Her hips were bony,
slender, and made to look even more so because of all the weight
she'd lost. She still had a tight girlish behind. Her thighs and
calves were long and somehow managed to retain most of their muscle
tone. Her hands and feet were as elfin as her face, long, slender
and delicate. She was not a typical beauty by any means.
     However, Lisa could have her fill of typical beauties at any
time. Monica's very imperfections were what made Lisa want to fuck
and abuse her. Lisa would have loved to have had this woman in the
privacy of her own rooms, where she could take her time and indulge
all her whims. But even with Stephen watching her, she was
determined to have her fun.
     Monica was restrained to her wheelchair by means of two
leather straps and four metal cuffs. The first of the straps passed
across her chest just below her breasts, while the second went
across her waist like a seat-belt. The cuffs clasped each of her
arms just above the elbow, and each of her legs just below her
knees. She had little leeway to struggle, but all her resistance
had long since been beaten and conditioned out of her. She'd been
a captive for too long a time.
     With a playfully coquettish look, Lisa sat on her captive's
lap and put her arms around the young woman's shoulders. She had to
turn her upper body to do so, and her breasts brushed against
Monica's. Lisa's nipples stiffened at the contact. She looked into
the sad brown eyes, and purred, "Oh, you are such a dear. You look
so sweet and lost! I just have to taste you, love." Slowly, she
brought her mouth to Monica's, closed it over the bruised lips, and
forced her tongue in between them.
     She kissed Monica lingeringly, the kiss deepening as it
progressed. Monica had a sweet mouth, and Lisa found she liked the
way it felt. She also liked the way Monica felt in her arms. The
thought of sacrificing this lady to Stephen's snake had her all
horny, and that came through in her kiss.
     She felt Stephen's eyes on her and did her best to ignore his
attention, taking her time. One of her arms slid out from behind
Monica's back, and she let her hand slide down to cup the gentle
swell of a girlish breast. She rubbed her hand slowly over the
nipple. Finally, despite Monica's fear and loathing, Lisa felt the
nipple grow hard against her palm. 
     Taking her mouth away from Monica's, she brought it to the
woman's breast, sliding her rear to the edge of the wheelchair so
that she could bend over comfortably. She stuck out her lengthy
tongue, and licked up and down over the top and bottom of the
gentle swell, getting it all good and wet. Then she took the nipple
between her lips and began sucking on it hard. At the same time,
with her fingers, she squeezed on the flesh surrounding the nipple.
     She ran her tongue over the little nubbin, then took it
between her teeth and began biting it, sawing her teeth over it.
Monica, who had been resigned to let Lisa kiss and fondle her
without resistance, suddenly cried out, and tried to struggle free.
Her limbs were pinned. She could only move her forearms a bit, and
swing her calves from side to side. But she swung her head up and
down, trying to butt Lisa's skull with it.
     Monica could not really move her head enough to hurt Lisa
seriously, but she was making a nuisance of herself. Suddenly,
Stephen's hand grabbed the victim's hair and he pulled her head
firmly back. Lisa glanced up at him without releasing the nipple.
He was smiling savagely, and his long, thin cock was pointing
almost straight out from his arousal.
     "Bite it off!" he commanded excitedly. "Bite her nipple off as
much below the base as you can. Then let me see it between your
teeth."
     Lisa nodded her agreement to his request, curling her lips
into a smile, and pulling her face away from the breast with the
nipple still trapped between her teeth, so that Stephen could see
her grin. He had given her an order she would enjoy obeying! 
     She sucked more of the nipple and breast into her mouth till
she thought she had as much as she'd be able to bite through. She
figured she would get all of the girl's aureole this way. She
continued to saw her teeth over the flesh, and soon she could taste
the blood in her mouth. This made her bite harder. Monica was
screaming herself hoarse!
     Lisa felt her teeth break through the skin. The blood really
started to flow now! Lisa let some dribble from her mouth and down
her chin. She could imagine how it would look, and what it would do
for her Master Stephen! She could tell that he was jerking on his
cock, and that it was aimed at her face. She didn't mind that at
all!
     "Yes, Lisa! I can see that you've sunk your teeth deep into
her flesh. Now all you have to do is cut through the rest of it!
You make such a stimulating sight! I only hope you enjoy being on
the receiving end as much!"
     She felt her top and bottom teeth meet. She had punched all
the way through the morsel in her mouth. Only little strips of
flesh on either side held the nipple and surrounding flesh to the
rest of the savaged breast. The blood was thick and salty on her
tongue, with a metallic tang to it. Most people would have been
sick to the stomach at the taste, but to Lisa it was an
aphrodisiac.
     Her teeth sought out one of the offending fleshy strips. She
half bit through, and half tore free the flap of meat from the tit.
Now there was only one strip of skin holding the nipple to the
breast. Lisa didn't bother to bite through it. She once again took
the nipple proper between her teeth, and just pulled hard on it.
The bit of flesh stretched and tore. Blood splattered Lisa's face.
Lisa turned her face to Stephen, and showed him the pink nipple and
the surrounding bloody flesh hanging from between her lips.
     Semen splattered into her face as her aroused Master came. It
came at her in three powerful spurts, and the thick white cream
oozed down from her nose and mouth. A bit had splashed her between
her eyes. That dribbled down the bridge of her nose. Normally she
would have reached up with her tongue to lick it clean. But her
mouth was busy with the nipple.
     Stephen stared at her with a contemptuous smile as he admired
his handy-work. "Very good, Lisa. Now I want you to chew the nipple
and swallow it! Be a good little cannibal for me!"
     If this was a test, Lisa thought, he'd only be disappointed if
he wanted her to fail it. She pulled the severed nipple into her
mouth and chewed on it. It had an almost rubbery feel at first,
though the taste left no doubt as to what she was chewing. But soon
she'd ground it down to a pulp. She stuck her tongue out with the
masticated bit of flesh on it so that Stephen could see it. Then
she swallowed it. As a final touch, she licked her lips in
satisfaction.
     Monica had been forced to view this all, though it was hard to
tell how much had actually sunk in. She was almost in a state of
shock. Stephen let go her hair, and her head fell down to her
chest. She was sobbing quietly now, and occasionally a moan would
escape her lips. Lisa put her fingers to the girl's wound, getting
them all bloody, then wiped them clean on Monica's lips. She forced
one into the mouth, making the girl taste her own blood.
     "No. This won't do!" Stephen mumbled to himself. "She's much
too passive. Much too shell-shocked, I guess. She must be more
lively than this if she's to provide any entertainment while she's
in Minerva's cage! Pump her full of something that will raise her
adrenalin level. Put some fight into her! Don't worry about
overdosing her too much either. She's going to die anyway!"
     Lisa nodded and got up to check out what Stephen might have
stowed away in this room in the way of drugs. Her hand went to her
face, but before she could wipe away any of the still dripping
semen, Stephen stopped her. "No!" he commanded. "Let it dry there.
I like you that way."
     There was a small refrigeration unit in the corner of the room
that turned out to be well stocked with drugs. None were there in
quantity, and they were mostly experimental. It seemed that Monica
was but the latest of a stream of test subjects, all of who ended
up as snake chow when their experiment ended. She chose one that
she remembered reading would have something close to the desired
effect, and filled a syringe with it.
     Stephen monitored her choice, and nodded his approval. "Yes,
that should work fine! You know of course that in it's final effect
it's quite lethal. But it won't harm the snake, and she'll be dead
before the after-effects kick in."
     "If I remember the report on this correctly, sir," Lisa
replied, "this will make her slightly psychotic, won't it?"
     "Yes, and it'll really boost her will to survive. She'll fight
us every step of the way. It's best we bind her the way we want her
before it's administered."
     Lisa nodded. "But will she really understand what we'll be
doing to her? Or will the drug cloud her mind?"
     "She'll know exactly who she is, and where she is, and what
we're doing to her. And she'll care very, very much. Which is more
than we can say for her now. That's the one problem with our
breeder set up. We get them too used to pain and abuse. They begin
to accept it too much. Docility is nice in the breeding room, but
a lifeless slave-toy is no fun to play with!" Stephen complained.
     "How do you want her bound, then?"
     Stephen smiled. "We'll use the hoist itself. That's what it
was designed for."
     He wheeled Monica's chair over to the hoist himself. It was
this device that he used to lower his victims down into his
oversized terrarium. It consisted of a large mechanical arm from
which dangled four metal rods of differing lengths, each ending in
a pincer-like metal cuff. These giant fingers could be moved
together or apart, or they could be shortened by retracting them
back into the arm itself. Monica's arms were unstrapped from her
chair and held up. Stephen guided each of the slender wrists into
a separate cuff, which automatically snapped tightly shut. Then he
had Lisa free the rest of the girl's body.
     He went over to the hoist control, and retracted the rods
holding Monica's arms so that they were pulled up and apart, and
Monica was lifted so that her feet dangled six inches off the
ground. Lisa moved in behind the girl, caught an ankle, and pulled
it into one of the other cuffs. Monica didn't fight back at all
until Lisa grabbed her last free limb. Then she gave a few half-
hearted kicks, but Lisa had no problem putting her last leg in
bondage. Stephen nodded when she was done, and proceeded to adjust
the lower rods so that the girl's legs were stretched wide apart.
     "Administer the drug, Lisa," Stephen ordered.
     Lisa nodded and began probing one of the slender calves for a
vein. Swiftly locating one that suited her needs, she inserted the
syringe and injected its contents into Monica's bloodstream. Then
she stood back and waited to see what would happen.
     Within minutes, the helplessly dangling girl's eyes glazed
over, then snapped wide open. She began to struggle in her bonds,
pulling as hard as she could against her restraints. Blood began to
seep slowly from the cuffs where she was tearing her skin with the
effort. Muscles tensed, fingers and toes wriggled spasmodically. 
     "Better! Much better!" Stephen asserted. "Now at least she's
showing a little spunk!"
     Monica turned her head and glared at her tormentors. "Let me
out of this or I'll kill you! I swear I'll get out of this and I'll
rip you to pieces."
     Stephen grinned and shook his head. He turned to Lisa. "Of
course, the drug doesn't do much for their IQ, does it?" He laughed
in Monica's face. "My dear, you're not going to rip anyone apart.
You are going into that pit over there and join my pet for dinner."
     At this, Monica cursed fiercely, and renewed her struggling.
Lisa had to admit it was really amusing. This young woman was all
skin and bones, and she thought to force her way out of the
stainless steel cuffs! She admired the way the slender limbs tensed
in their struggles. By now, Monica's bleeding breast had dripped a
trail of blood down over her flat stomach, past her waist, and down
the inside of a thigh. Lisa found that highly erotic.
     "However," Stephen was going on, "there remain a few things to
do before we feed you to Minerva. I want you to suffer in many many
ways. It's just the kind of guy I am. You're a little thin. You may
not provide enough nourishment on your own. So we're going to have
to fatten you up just a bit!"
     Lisa looked over in time to see her master go over to one of
the walls and pull out what looked like an oversized garden hose.
It was made of a transparent, clear plastic.  Stephen motioned his
assistant over. "This hose is attached to a special dispenser.
We're going to use it to pump some special, thick liquid paste up
into her. It's a nutritional supplement for the snake. But it will
also serve another purpose." He giggled as he said this. "Put some
industrial strength glue on the nozzle, and stick it up her ass.
We'll pump as much of this as will fit into her, then you will shut
the nozzle off and detach the hose from it. It'll plug her butt and
keep this stuff in."
     Lisa took the hose excitedly, and moved in behind Monica. The
petite victim was thrashing wildly now. "No! Fuck, no! Get away
from me! I'll kill you, bitch! I'll rip your cunt to pieces! I'll
shove a foot so far down your throat it'll come out your ass!"
     Stephen looked up at that, a pensive smile on his face. "What
an interesting idea! We'll have to try that some time!"
     Monica was wriggling around so much that Lisa was having
trouble guiding the hose's end to her sphincter. Finally, she put
an arm around the girl's middle and pulled back hard. She held the
end of the hose with her index finger running up along side it, and
in this way, guided it between the tightened asscheeks. Her finger
tip found the clenched rear opening, and she forced it in, her nail
tearing at the delicate flesh. 
      Using that finger for leverage, she began working in the tip
of the hose. Monica clenched her ass hard, but the nozzle was only
about a half inch wide at the tip, and so Lisa had only a little
trouble getting it in. Monica screeched, and her anus started to
bleed just slightly. Once she had the first little bit in, Lisa
looked over to Stephen. "The glue, Master?" 
     Stephen nodded, and fetched a tube of smelly yellow paste.
Lisa slid her finger out of Monica's ass, and held the hose from
below the nozzle. Stephen moved in beside her and applied a liberal
amount of the yellow paste onto the metal cone, spreading it
around. "Okay, shove it in!" he ordered.
     Lisa smiled and pushed the rest of the three inch metal nozzle
into the little behind, and then just held it in place, keeping her
arm around the struggling girl's waist so that Monica couldn't work
it out. It took only a minute for the fast-acting glue to form its
bond. Lisa let go the tube and took a step back.
     When Stephen saw that their slave had been properly prepared,
he flipped a few switches, and suddenly the dispenser's pump began
to operate. A thick, white fluid that looked almost like semen, but
was almost as thick and sticky looking as honey, began flowing
through the tube. 
     Lisa smartly turned opened a small valve where the nozzle met
the hose, allowing all the air trapped in the hose to escape. When
the thick liquid reached just below the valve, she shut it again,
and watched as the gooey stuff began entering their terrified and
angry slave.
     When Monica felt the first of the fluid enter her behind, she
squealed and squirmed. But there was no way for her to stop it.
"You'll die for this, bastards!" she ranted, renewing her frantic
struggle to escape her bonds. 
     "All you'll succeed in doing, if you continue," Stephen
informed her casually, "is perhaps dislocating several of your
joints. I'd advise you relax."
     Monica ignored his words, yowling, and thrashing about. She
was fully under the spell of the drug, pumped up and angry,
fighting, even if futilely, for her life. Meanwhile, slowly, her
belly began expanding outwards. 
     "Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she whined, as her innards were stretched
from within. Cramps gripped her stomach, and for a moment she went
limp in her restraints. She was beginning to look almost pregnant.
Lisa couldn't help thinking about the poetic justice of it. If
Monica had been able to carry a fetus to this bigness, she would
never have been subjected to this. At least not for a long while.
     "How much will you force up into her?" Lisa asked.
     Stephen smiled. "Enough to make her every movement very
uncomfortable. We're going to force some up into her front hole
too. And we'll use another liquid to fill her bladder. Get another
nozzle for the hose and a catheter ready, won't you? I think she's
had enough up her rear."
     Stephen walked up to the moaning, swollen-bellied slave. The
nozzle had another valve that could be used to shut it off from the
hose. He screwed this shut, twisted a ring at the base of the
nozzle, and pulled the hose free. He moved around to stand before
his whimpering victim. "Oh, you look so plump and juicy now. I'm
sure Minerva will appreciate you all the more, my dear. Oh, you'll
make a big bang with her!"
     Lisa returned with the new nozzle. Stephen pushed the end of
the plastic hose in, locked it in place, and motioned Lisa to apply
the glue to it. Then he used one hand to pry open Monica's cunt,
and he rammed the nozzle in, holding it in place while the glue
set.
     "Lisa, put some glue on that, and force it into her urethra."
     Lisa was holding the catheter tubing. She did as she was told.
Stephen had stopped the flow of the thick fluid. She realized that
he wanted her to fill the girl's bladder first, and then he would
pump in some of the thick nutrient and put pressure on that organ.
     She put the glue on the thin tube, and using a rotary motion,
pushed it into the tiny hole. Monica jerked anew at this new
violation. Her face was red, and the tears were streaming down her
cheeks. "Bitch!" she moaned weakly, and spit. 
     The gob of saliva hit Lisa in the forehead. Lisa looked up
angrily, still holding the tube in place. Stephen laughed. "No
Lisa, you will let that pass. I rather like the way you look with
that gob of spit oozing down your face. Now attach a bottle to that
hose and pump a good litre of salt solution into her. When you're
done, crimp the hose just where it leaves her flesh, and we'll cut
it there and glue it shut.
     Lisa nodded and followed his commands. She used a plastic
bottle. She had to. With Monica as bloated as she was, she had to
squeeze on the bottle to force enough of the solution in. Stephen
did the crimping, cutting and gluing himself. 
     Now there was just one last step. Stephen turned the main
dispenser back on and slowly pumped even more of the goo into
Monica's body. By the time he was satisfied, her belly bulged out
like a watermelon, and the girl was having trouble breathing
properly, not being able to fill her lungs all the way.
     "There." Stephen shut the second nozzle and detached the hose.
"She's all ready to be served. She's one fat, juicy little long-
pig. It's time to lower her into the pit."
     Lisa couldn't believe how turned on she found herself. The way
Monica looked, all gaunt limbs and upper torso, and then the huge
belly, really turned her on. What she really wanted to do was beat
that belly with something till it burst. But she would have to be
satisfied with watching this girl become snake food. A thought came
to her and she smiled, realizing what Stephen was up to. Minerva
was a constrictor!
     Stephen had moved over to the hoist controls. "We'll put her
down far enough away from the snake that she has a chance to
realize what she's up against," he was saying, as he powered up the
main arm. "Then I'll signal my pet that dinner has been served."
     The huge metal construct began to shift. The hand part of it
rose off the ground, carrying the feebly struggling Monica with it.
Then it unfolded out to the side, hanging out over the pit. With a
steady, practised hand, Stephen swung it out over the desired
location, a patch of sand about fifty yards from the basking snake.
Then the arm rotated at a joint, and folded down towards the
ground. Stephen gently lowered it till Monica was lying face down,
parallel to the floor, about three feet above it. Then he  released
all the clamps at once.
     Monica, who'd had a wild-eyed look of terror on her face as
she'd made the journey down to the pen floor, fell flat on her
belly. She would have tried to use her arms and legs to cushion the
blow, but she was too slow. The impact caused her a lot of pain. It
was a miracle that her bladder or intestines did not burst on the
spot. As it was, she was nearly paralysed with cramps.
     "Good, good," Stephen muttered. "We'll give her a brief moment
to recover. It would do no good to have her just lie there." He
moved over to the edge of the balcony overlooking the pit. "Come to
me Lisa. You may watch, but I want your hand on my penis the whole
time, understood? You are to take your time and whack me off."
     Lisa hurried to obey. She knelt beside him, spit into one of
her hands, and used this to lubricate his thin, long pole. Then she
expertly began to stroke it up and down, having done him enough
times before to know exactly how much pressure he would best
respond to.
     Stephen waited a full five minutes. During this time, Monica
recovered and sat up. She looked around, slightly dazed. Her gaze
fell upon the center stone, and suddenly a look of sheer terror
filled her face. She looked around frantically, searching for an
escape, but the walls of the pit were all at least twenty feet high
and smooth. The floor was strewn with sand and gravel, and big
rocks poked up from it here and there. She did the obvious, and
began a slow, careful crawl that would take her behind the biggest
and nearest one. 
     Stephen reached down and pressed a switch. Suddenly, the pit's
illumination took on an orange-yellow tinge, and a low, loud hum
filled the room below. "That," he explained, lost in the action,
and enjoying Lisa's hand-work, "is Minerva's dinner bell. She's
been conditioned to understand that when her room does this, there
is food in there with her. As she hasn't eaten in a while, she
should be quite eager to hunt."
     The snake had raised it's huge head. It's eyes opened, and
it's huge forked tongue began to taste the air in all directions.
"She will find her soon," Stephen continued to explain eagerly,
like a child demonstrating a favourite Christmas toy. "The stuff
we've pumped her full of registers really well on the snakes sense
of, well call it smell, but it's more like taste, isn't it? Then
the hunt will be on."
     Monica had reached her shelter and crouched behind it. Lisa
smiled and wished she could make out the look on her face. The big
snake head suddenly pointed off in Monica's general direction, and
slowly, majestically, the huge snake slithered off it's rock, and
began a slow leisurely journey towards the poor girl's place of
concealment. 
     Monica could hear the scape of scales on gravel slowly getting
closer. She looked around frantically for anywhere to run to. Then
suddenly, she started off towards a higher section of floor. 
     Lisa smiled, licking her lips. The girl was wobbling as she
ran, weak from her ordeal, and encumbered with that full swishing
belly that threw off her balance, and cut down her speed and
endurance. Her feet were being cut on the stones beneath them. She
stumbled, and fell face first in the dirt. Again she doubled over
from the cramps, but she could not wait to recover this time.
     The snake continued on its initial course for a while, not
immediately aware that its prey had changed location. When it was
almost to the original hiding place, it suddenly stopped and tasted
the air again. It swung its head around till it faced Monica, and
it resumed its pursuit. 
     Monica abandoned all attempts at being stealthy. It was run or
die. She forced herself to her feet and dashed towards the higher
ground. The snake followed behind her, at an almost casual pace.
Monica kept looking behind her. Her run was bringing her closer to
the balcony Lisa and Stephen were on, and now Lisa could clearly
make out the panic on the thin face.
     Suddenly, Monica's foot got caught in a crevice. Perhaps had
she been fresh, and not overbalanced, she would not have suffered
from it. But as it was, she fell down hard, screaming as her ankle
clearly broke. She fell on her side, which saved her from internal
ruptures yet again. But now only the adrenalin produced from the
drug given her kept her going.
     She jerked her foot free, tried to stand, and fell to her
knees. She was a slight rise. Desperately she tried to crawl up it.
When she glanced back, Minerva's head was only ten feet away. The
snake was regarding her intently. Monica screamed, and made a last
futile attempt to pull herself up the incline. 
     If Lisa had blinked, she would have missed what happened next.
With blinding speed, the snake struck forward. It's jaw opened and
snapped shut right around the base of Monica's pelvis. The girl
barely had time to scream a final time. Then the snake had drawn
her into itself, and coiled several loops of its body around the
poor, fragile woman.
     "Oh, yes!" Lisa found herself moaning. She felt an orgasm
working its way through her from the incredible arousal the scene
had inspired in her. "Oh shit, that's gorgeous! That's the most
sickeningly beautiful fuckin thing I've ever seen!"
     The snake's coils had tightened about its victim. Monica was
twitching frantically in its grasp. The pressure across her middle
had cut off her air, and she was being both crushed and suffocated.
Then suddenly, the pressure around her middle proved to be too
much, and thick, white fluid, mixed with bile and blood, spurted
out of her mouth. 
     Lisa missed what happened next. Stephen had grabbed her hair,
and turned her face into his crotch where he was busy spilling
another load of sperm onto her features. This time, the flow of
seed seemed endless. Lisa felt as if someone had thrown a good
quart of thick milk into her face!
     When he was done coming, Stephen threw hard onto the floor,
and kicked her in the belly, making her double over in pain. Then
he turned away from her to contemplate the scene below.
     By the time Lisa had recovered enough to go back to watching,
Monica's head and torso were already in the snake's mouth. She
watched as the girl's breasts, then her belly, hips, and legs
disappeared into the serpent's guts. The final sight of the
slender, twitching feet disappearing into the snake burned itself
lovingly into her memory. She knew that she'd be masturbating to
these images for a long time to come. 
     Which suddenly reminded her of what she'd promised to do to
her own clit. As aroused as she was, her natural masochistic
tendencies came to the fore, and she briefly looked forward to it.
The idea did turn her on after all, even though the reality scared
the shit out of her. She grasped the tiny morsel of flesh between
two pointy fingernails and squeezed down on it as hard as she
could, until she howled with the orgasm that surged through her.
     When she opened her eyes once again, she found Stephen looking
down at her with a cruel grin on his face. "What's this," he said.
The sadistic sarcasm dripping from his voice was unmistakable. "Is
my little slut getting a head start on her clitorectomy?"
     Had Lisa really been any less of a slut, she would have
blushed. But she really had no shame. She lay back on the floor,
spread her legs wide, and used her hands to pull her outer pussy
lips apart. "It's yours, Master, to do whatever you want to it,"
she purred submissively.
     Stephen smiled. "Well, this is certainly a change for the
better from the scheming slut you were this morning. You almost
sound sincere. Get up. Go get washed. You are invited to my
apartment for dinner tonight. Come naked. Right after, we shall go
into my playpen and see what we can do with those other two
worthless breeders."
     Lisa rolled over onto her stomach, and then got to her hands
and knees. Stephen used the opportunity to give her a nice stiff
kick in her pussy from behind. She gasped, sprawling forward, then
quickly rose to her feet and headed for the door. 
     "Aren't you forgetting something?" asked Stephen, holding up
her lab coat and boots. "But perhaps this is better. Yes. Take the
long way around to your private rooms. I want the whole complex to
see you naked, and with my sperm on your face. I will check that
you've complied with this request, so don't dare disobey me. Now
go!"
     Lisa scampered to the door, and through it when it slid open.
She would have felt deathly embarrassed to be seen like this by her
fellow workers except that she liked showing off her body, and
besides, she knew that she'd soon be in a position to revenge any
negative comments made about her. All she had to do was get rid of
her clit.
     Suddenly, however, now that she was away from her Master, it
didn't seem like such an easy idea to deal with. She'd always
preferred to dish out the punishment rather than receive it. Her
masochism and submissiveness were supposed to be an act. Except
that around Stephen she really was submissive. It was as if there
was something about him that compelled obedience. 
     She stared down at her cunt all the way back to her room,
ignoring the stares, whistles, and comments she drew from the men,
and even a few of the women. One part of her mind made a list of
who the culprits were. The other part could only wonder how she was
going to go about fulfilling Stephen's command.



-----------------------------------------------------------------

Well, there you go... Chapter five. I know, you all waited a very
long time for this. If I don't get any feedback, and I don't mean
just from the author of Sunlove... I know he writes, (though I
would like a message, my friend), you'll all have to wait even
longer for chapter six.

As things stand now, I wouldn't expect the next part to appear
before sometime in July. I simply don't know if I'll have the time
to write before at least the middle of June. On the other hand, I
might keep chapter six to a two parter, and it might be ready
sooner than I think now. A lot will depend on how much
encouragement and inspiration I receive from you people that are
reading and (I can only assume enjoying) this. Inspiration can be
in the form of ideas, or even your own stories of abuse and the
like. I know that Cute and Sunlove, (and to some extent, the Game
series) are what make me want to write. 

So remember, comments are to be uploaded as sund-c**.  Actually,
perhaps just to avoid confusion, you should start with the number
16 and go up. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------
=================================================================
_________________________________________________________________

Remember, send feedback. That's the only way to make sure you get
the next part soon. Till later....
............anon-sk.




[WARNING......

     The following story contains heavy S&M elements as well as
other situations that may be offensive to some. Those of you who
have come across the Sunder stories before know what you're getting
into. Anyone new to the story, if you're squeemish, prudish, or
have any morals at all...stay away.

The following work is FANTASY. It is not real life, nor should it
be taken as such. The author is uploading it for those who enjoy
this type of FICTION, and does not endorse the views or practises
of the characters in the story.

Once again.... if you can not stomach stories of sexual abuse and
brutality just delete this file.

You have been WARNED!

CHAPTER SIX


Danielle


     "Wake up, little bitch! The Mistress is waiting for you!"

     Danielle hadn't realized she'd fallen asleep. She struggled to
open her eyes, fighting to remember where she was. Suddenly, she
heard a sharp crack that coincided with a sudden burning sensation
across her buttocks. That not only woke her up, it served to remind
her of situation. 

     She rolled quickly over onto her back and sat up. There was
another strange, naked young woman confronting her, riding crop in
hand, and a cruel smile on her hard but pretty face. How many 
strange naked ladies did that make for the day anyway? There had
been Adelle, and Maria and Gereti, and then sweet Fanny.

     Fanny's face was the last thing she remembered seeing before
falling asleep. She remembered the pretty girl giving her a nice,
long bubble bath, the attentive little hands soothing her abused
body, rubbing her down so nicely. Then she'd been led over to the
bed and made to lie down while Fanny had disinfected all her
scrapes, and rubbed some sort of soothing ointment onto all her
bruises. Somewhere along the way, she'd drifted off to sleep.

     The crop came down again, this time catching her across her
thighs. "Aiyyee!" Danielle squealed.

     The woman confronting her laughed at the cry. "Come on! I
don't have all night! The first stage of your initiation into our
happy little family is about to begin, and it wouldn't do for us to
be late! Who the hell gave you permission to sleep, anyway?"

     Still somewhat disoriented by her abrupt awakening, Danielle
stumbled out of the heavenly comfort of the water bed, and onto her
feet. She rubbed at her eyes, and tried to give her summoner a
look-over. The woman stared at her impatiently. "Never mind. Go
into the washroom and wash your face. That'll wake you up. And
don't take any more time than you have to!"

     Danielle shuffled off into the bathroom. She paused, looking
for the sink, and found herself having to smile. She would never
again be able to enter this room without thinking of Fanny. The
short time she'd spent with that pretty brunette had almost made
all the fear, pain, and abuse of the day worth it! This, however,
wasn't the time to start daydreaming about that.

     She washed her face as she'd been told, trying not to think
about Fanny. The water did indeed wipe the sleep from her eyes.
That, in turn, brought the throbbing of the welts across her ass
and thighs into sharper focus. She looked down, and saw the angry
looking line across her thighs, right at home among the other
bruises she'd acquired. That in turn reminded her that while she'd
survived until now, there was probably much worst yet to come!

     The young woman with the crop was waiting for her by the
entrance to the washroom. She grabbed Danielle's arm with painful
force, and began dragging her to the exit. At the door to the
suite, she stooped to pick up a piece of black cloth lying on the
floor. "Your blindfold. I dropped it on the way in."

     Danielle used the opportunity to get a make a quick study of
the woman before her eyes were covered. Noticing the attention, the
woman smiled. "I'm Sandy." she said by way of introduction. "I'm
the head of mansion security during the day shift. Because of you,
I'm putting in a little extra overtime tonight. Not that I mind."
The last words had a cold, cruel ring. "So go ahead and take a
look. Maybe later we'll have a chance to get to know each other
better."

     Sandy was five seven in her bare feet, and she looked strong.
She had the physique of a swimmer, lean, with wide shoulders, and
a flat stomach. Her hair was a light, coppery-brown color but was
dyed blond at the sides. She wore it cut very short except at the
front where it hung down in a wavy curl. Her face was attractive in
a tough sort of way. She had piercing steel-blue eyes under brows
that had a pencilled-in look. Her small nose was sharp but cute.
Her thin lips made her mouth look cruel. Her breasts were small,
the muscle apparent beneath the softer flesh. She had tiny, pointed
nipples. Her hips were slender, and her asscheeks were firm and
compact. Her shaved pussy was one of those where the inner pink was
completely hidden by the outer folds. She had strong, shapely legs,
though her calves did look just a little too thick with muscle. Her
feet were on the dainty side. Small and pretty, with delicate,
straight toes, they were perhaps the only part of her that retained
any femininity. 

     "Enough," Sandy suddenly snapped. "Time to get this show on
the road." She tucked her riding crop under her arm, and moved in
with the blindfold. Danielle stood still and let the thick piece of
cloth be placed over her eyes. Sandy leaned in very close in order
to tie it off behind her head. Danielle detected the faintest hint
of a fruity perfume. Somehow it seemed out of character.

     "You were wearing cuffs when you came in. Where are they?"
Sandy asked.

     Danielle blinked. With her sight taken away, she was feeling
very helpless, and uncertain. One thing was for sure. She hadn't
even realized that her hands had been freed. She had no clear
memory of the cuffs being removed. Her mind strayed back to the
massage she'd received as she'd drifted to sleep. "Maybe Fanny?"
she mumbled mostly to herself.

     Sandy laughed. "If so, the little bitch is going to be in real
shit! Mind you, knowing her, she did it just to give me an excuse
to discipline her! It's okay. We'll get another pair of cuffs on
the way down."

     Danielle was still unsure of what the rules in this place were
and just how she fit in. Her gut feeling was that she should keep
her mouth shut. But her curiosity got the better of her. "Where are
we going?"

     All Sandy said was, "And I'll get you a gag to go along with
those cuffs."

     They started off to wherever they were going. Danielle quickly
lost track of where she was. Sandy guided her through a number of
turns, and down a set of stairs. She tried to relate it to the path
she'd taken on the way in, but it was hard to do without her sight.
It didn't seem the same, but who could say?

     They stopped, and she was made to wait while her guide left
her for a while. She knew Sandy had returned when one of her wrists
was grabbed and pulled behind her back. The cold metal of a cuff
bit tightly into her flesh. She quickly put her other wrist behind
her, not wanting to give Sandy an excuse to use the crop. That
wrist was promptly cuffed as well.

     "Now open your mouth," Sandy ordered her. "And I think you'd
better tilt your head back."

     Danielle swallowed, and did as she'd been ordered. She felt
something being forced between her lips and into her mouth. She'd
been expecting a gag, but this felt like a large, hard, plastic
dildo. It was pretty thick. Her jaw was forced apart until it ached.
It was fairly long too. Before she knew it, Sandy was forcing the
tip of it into her throat, and Danielle had to fight her gag
reflex. Mercifully though, after only the second inch had entered
her throat, Sandy stopped pushing, and strapped the dildo-gag into
place.

     "It's mostly plastic," Sandy told her, "except for a bit of
metal in the head. It's made so that an electrical cord can be
plugged into it, and shocks set off in your throat. You won't have
to worry about that being done unless you do something deserving of
punishment. Just remember to breath through your nose. But I doubt
I really need to tell that to a slut like you. Now come on. The
Mistress is waiting."

     There followed a long, straight stretch of corridor, after
which they stopped. She heard a door slide aside. They stepped into
what she guessed was an elevator. When her stomach lurched, she
knew that she'd guessed right and that they were going down. It was
a quick trip. Then the door slid open, a wave of chilly air blowing
in and giving her gooseflesh.

     "Welcome to hell, Danielle," Sandy whispered in her ear.

     Once again, Sandy grabbed her arm and pulled her forward. She
suddenly found a cold, damp, rough floor beneath her feet. The
momentary shock of the cold made her go to her toes, and hop up and
down. Sandy laughed and said, "Wimp!"

     They continued forward. Danielle couldn't resist dragging one
of her feet over the rough floor to feel it out. She couldn't,
however, tell whether it was of stone, or concrete. It did feel
like it could be one or the other. She didn't need Sandy's clue to
figure out that she was in the dungeon.

     Then she heard the voice that had so mesmerized her only that
afternoon. "Thank you for being so prompt, Sandy," Adelle's tone
dripped amused sarcasm. "I'll settle with you on that score later.
Privately. As to her, uncuff her hands, and stretch her out on the
main table. There's work to be done on her."

     Danielle once again felt that indescribable rush of something
to her head that she'd experienced in Adelle's presence earlier in
the day. It was as if someone had suddenly given her a drug that
made her willing to do anything. She stood meekly as Sandy freed
her hands and then led her to one side until she felt herself bump
into a waist high slab of stone.

     "Sit up on this," Sandy ordered her.

     She moved to sit on the slab. It too was cold, but she found
she liked the way it felt. It soothed the burning of the welt she
had on her ass. Sandy guided her with her hands, forcing her to
slide over more and to turn her body a certain way. "Now lie down
and stretch out. Extend your arms above your head and spread your
legs as wide as you can manage."

     Danielle did so, a strange thrill running through her.
Somewhere in her brain, some small part of her complained that she
was acting wrong. It was as if something in her recognized that she
was reacting like a completely different woman. But she found
herself not caring about that. Instead, she reached up and out with
her arms, and genuinely forced her legs as far apart as she could
manage.

     She felt new sets of cuffs being attached to her wrists and
ankles. There were extra sets of hands working on her. It wasn't
just Sandy. But with the blindfold, she couldn't tell exactly how
many other girls might be there. Whoever they were, they were not
talking, so she couldn't use that to judge.

     When she had once again been firmly restrained, she heard a
gentle hum, and felt herself being slowly pulled on, a deliciously
painful tension being placed on her spread limbs. Thankfully, it
did not reach the point of being truly painful. Then she felt a
section of the table, underneath her lower back and jutting half
way beneath her buttocks, start to rise. This forced her ass up off
the table. She was forced to arch her back painfully. The effect,
she assumed, was to make her crotch totally accessible. But it also
helped keep her head tilted back so that the dildo in her throat
wouldn't bother her too much.

     "Very nice," Adelle said from somewhere farther off in the
room. "She's going to make a very nice addition to my little stable
if she works out. Thank you Sandy. Now let Pam and Nina shave her."
Then her voice assumed a harsher tone. "Clean her from the armpits
down, girls! You know the drill."

     Danielle tensed, and then felt two pairs of tiny hands rubbing
some kind of lotion onto her body. One pair started at her feet and
slowly worked its way up her legs. The second set of hands rubbed
the strange tingly substance into each of her armpits and then went
straight down to her crotch. There, more of the lotion was spread
over her cunt and into her ass crack.

     At first the lotion just made her skin tingle pleasantly. Then
she slowly started to itch. The itch built up to a slow burn.
Within a few minutes she was squirming uncomfortably, moaning into
her gag. It felt like hundreds of tiny insects with needle-point
legs were running around on her bare skin. It was a very annoying
and distracting sensation.

     The hands working on her upper body finished rubbing first.
The other hands were still working on her thighs. Something thick
and wetly sticky was suddenly applied to each of her armpits. Then
the same stuff was slapped wetly into her crotch and spread out
over her cunt and ass crack. At least this stuff cooled the itch in
those areas!

     After a minute, she felt the stuff under her left armpit being
tugged out. She could sort of feel the hairs going with it. It
stung, but not too much. It was, she thought, actually a rather
nice way of getting rid of unwanted body hair. The same thing was
done down below. At the same time, the second pair of hands
finished rubbing in the lotion, and started smearing the gooey
stuff all over her legs, not missing the slightest spot.

     "You were probably expecting something a bit more dramatic,"
she heard Adelle say. "But this system works too well. I had it
developed for my own personal use, which is why there's so little
discomfort involved. Your body hair has been removed right from the
roots. At the same time that lotion will make your follicles
incapable of growing new hair for almost six months. Rest assured,
the treatment will be renewed before then."

     Danielle took a long slow breath and forced herself to relax.
She had indeed expected a more painful treatment. She used this
opportunity to regain some of her composure. The gooey stuff was
being peeled away from her legs now, and she could tell it wouldn't
be long before she'd have to deal with whatever the next part of
her initiation involved.

     As soon as the last of goo was peeled off, a blast of very
cold water was jetted against her. She would have cried out if not
for the dildo stuck in her mouth. Her body jerked in its bondage
and she began to shiver uncontrollably. She got gooseflesh all
over!

     But the hands returned and began washing the lotion off her.
The scrubbing blunted the cold. By the time the water was turned
off she felt fresh and clean, and her skin tingled pleasantly.

     A hand cupped her newly bared crotch, feeling the smoothness
of her skin, and prying her pussy open to take a peek inside. "Very
nice," Adelle purred into her ear. It was her hand on Danielle's
cunt. "I hope you're ready to face the first part of your
initiation. You'll be in for some really intense pain over the next
little while. Normally, I keep new girls here in the dungeon and
break them in slowly. But I really need you on the job. So you'll
be working days, and making up for the lost time at night. However,
the first order of business before we can begin with the serious
stuff is for you to be purged. Sandy, you know what to do. String
her up."

     Danielle felt herself being freed from the restraints of the
table. Then she was pulled to a sitting position and helped off the
slab. There was someone on either side of her, each holding one of
her arms. They half-dragged her some unknown distance. Then she
felt loops of rope slipped over each of her wrists. These were
pulled tight, and then the ropes pulled up and apart. The ropes
continued to pull until she was lifted far enough off the floor that
she couldn't even brush it with her toes.

     Next her legs were pulled apart and tied that way. At the same
time, she felt her buttocks being pried open. Suddenly, a nozzle
was being forced up her ass. She squirmed in discomfort. She knew
what was coming.

     Again though, she was surprised. She did indeed receive an
enema. But no one went out of their way to make it painful for her.
Only enough liquid was pumped into her to flush out whatever solids
were in her system. Small, delicate hands massaged her bloated
belly, and then the nozzle was removed and she was encouraged to
immediately release the contents of her bowel. She did so, using
the opportunity to empty her bladder as well. Then she was once
again rinsed off with cold water.

     "The fun is over now, love," she heard Adelle tell her. "At
least for you. My fun is just beginning. Okay, Sandy, go ahead.
Plug her up."

     Small, agile fingers forcefully spread her cunt open. Then a
thick metal object was pressed up against her hole. "We'll be
inserting a couple of dildos like the one in your mouth into your
cunt and ass." This was Sandy talking to her. "This means that
they're equipped to channel current. Of course these ones will be
much bigger than the one you're sucking on, and they're metal all
over."

     The one being shoved up her cunt felt huge! It was stretching
her more than Fanny's fist had! It also felt endless. She really
couldn't tell how much they were forcing into her. But she would
have sworn it was at least a full foot. Finally, it was in as far
as her captors wanted, and they strapped it into place. Almost
immediately, the process was repeated with her rear passage.

     This time, the insertion really hurt! The dildo being forced
into her ass wasn't much smaller than the one in her pussy. She
could feel her sphincter tearing, and not just a little bit! The
gag muffled her screams, and the blindfold kept the tears from
pouring freely down her face. But she was sure that her face had
turned red and purple from the strain and the pain!

     "Nina," she heard Adelle order, "take her right foot, and Pam,
you take her left. You know what to do. Sandy, you work over her
backside. I'll do her front personally.

     Danielle held her breath, awaiting whatever abuse was in store
for her. Instead, she felt two hands grab each of her ankles, and
small mouths close around the toes of each of her feet. The hands
and mouths felt child like, and she remembered Maria mentioning that
Adelle also kept very young slaves. But she had no time to wonder
about it, or to be repulsed. Twin agile tongues licked the balls of
her feet, and between her toes. They sucked on her gently, and it
felt surprisingly divine. She hadn't realized that having her feet
sucked on could feel so good.

     Whips struck her front and back simultaneously. One caught her
across the tight flesh of her buttocks, and the other landed across
her breasts. The pain flashed through her like fire. Her nerves had
been primed by the pleasant sensations in her feet, and the contrast
served to heighten the shock effect of the blows. The pain in her
breasts though had made her nipples stiffen. She found that almost
embarrassing! 

     The sucking of her feet continued, and so did the whipping.
The next blows caught her across the small of her back, and the
middle of her lovely belly. It felt like they were using fairly
supple leather whips, and not crops or anything like that. Danielle
knew her experience in such things was limited mostly to the events
of the day, but all the reading she'd had to do on such matters
would seem to point to her conclusion.

     The dildo gag, of course, muffled her screams. They came out
as gurgled whimpers. Her throat was beginning to hurt from being
stretched straight, and from the abuse of her vocal chords. She was
very aware that all the dildos inside her were wired to shock her,
and she knew her tormentors would not be able to resist using them.
Her fear and terror threatened to overwhelm her.

     Lashings landed along the back of one thigh and up hard into
her cunt. Some of the force of the pussy shot was broken by the
protruding end of the dildo, but it still hurt like hell! Her
torturers were picking up the pace as well. The whips rained down
on her faster than before, though still at a deliberate pace. Not
a single area of her body was spared! One shot landed on the back
of her neck, making her head snap forward painfully, and she nearly
choked on the dildo in her throat. Another blow was landed with the
tip of a whip against the left side of her face! 

     Her world was pain now. It was the burning of her skin, the
throbbing of her bruises. It was the welling up of despair from the
inner core of her being. It was also the humiliation of the
dampness developing in her pussy. How could her body betray her
like that! She sought to shut out the world. She wanted to pass out
and not feel what was being done to her, but there was a buzz
running through her system, singing through her brain, that made it
impossible for her to black out.

     It took the new pain in her feet to make her realize that the
licking there had stopped. Pins were being driven into the top of
each foot. She felt them inserted and slid lengthwise below her
skin. New convulsions racked her suspended body, but there was
little she could do to demonstrate her agony that she hadn't done
already.

     More pins were inserted into her feet by the deft little
hands. Pins were pushed under the fingernails of each toe. Others
were driven right through the flesh of her toes from side to side.
Amidst the cracking of the whips, the grunts of Sandy and Adelle,
and her own muffled cries, she swore she could hear girlish giggles
of pleasure.

     Then what felt like thumb-tacks were pushed into the bottom of
her feet, in the fleshy part right before the heels and on up to
the base of her toes. It was silly, but in that endless red ocean
of pain that her mind had sunk into, she had the clarity to wonder
how bad it would feel to walk in the morning!

     Suddenly, Adelle yelled, "Break!"

     The torments stopped. Or at least no more blows felt. No more
pins were stuck into her feet. The agony continued unabated, having
built up a monstrous momentum.

     "Cool her off!" Adelle's voice, cooly business-like, sounded
a million miles away.

     Cold wet sponges gently assaulted her body, rubbing off the
sweat that had been pouring from her tortured form. There were a
lot of them. Danielle couldn't be bothered to keep track of how
many. They sponged her off from her head down to her feet. The cold
soothed the burning of her welted skin, but did nothing to help the
pain in her feet.

     The sponges withdrew. The shocks that surged through the
dildos buried in her body caught her by surprise. The jolts ran
through her cunt and ass and the back of her throat. Every muscle
in her body spasmed at once and she stiffened as they pulled
against her restraints.

     The current stopped as suddenly as it had begun. She went limp
in her bonds, her brain in a grey fog of pain. She was at the
breaking point. She could no longer think straight. The torture
seemed to have gone on forever. When the electricity came on again,
the shocks succeeded in doing what the whipping and the pricking
had not.

     She passed out.
*               *               *

Adelle


     Adelle stared at her unconscious slave and admired her
battered body. The girl looked quite good covered with cuts, welts,
and bruises. Adelle found most women were at their best that way,
but Danielle seemed especially suited to bearing the angry red and
purple marks. She smiled briefly when she recalled what her half-
sister called it -- "slave make-up".

     "Should I revive her right away, Mistress Adelle?" asked Sandy.

     Adelle turned her attention to her household security chief.
She'd always had a deep liking for Sandy. The young woman was a
model of cruel efficiency, and she was always very eager to please.
Adelle rarely had reason to punish her and really enjoyed every
opportunity she got. Sandy was not a masochist. She hated pain and
humiliation. Adelle loved making her submit. "In a moment, my
dear," she said, a dramatic frostiness in her tone. "There is still
the matter of why you took so long to bring her down."

     The security chief shrugged and stared at the floor. "She was
asleep when I got to her room. It seems Fanny took the liberty of
removing her bonds, and I had to go hunt up another pair of cuffs
for her."

     Adelle smiled, looking thoughtful. "Fanny, eh? Is that who
you've paired her with? Interesting."

     "Do you want the little slut punished?" Sandy asked. She was
eager to pass the blame for her tardiness onto someone else.

     Adelle laughed. "I always want everyone punished." She stared
right into Sandy's eyes as she emphasized the word everyone. "But
this time," she continued, turning away, "I've something else in
mind."

     Sandy nodded, a trifle disappointed. She still wasn't sure she
was off the hook. Now she might not get to torture Fanny either!

     Adelle noticed the sour look and laughed. "Oh, don't look so
glum. You may give her a good stern reprimand. No, I'm thinking in
the long term. Did you monitor them? How well did they get along?"

     Sandy half-shrugged. "I wasn't watching their room myself, but
the report I glanced at seems to indicate that they were quite,"
she paused seeking the best word for it, "smitten with each other.
I can have the recording piped to your room later if you wish."

     "Smitten. Beautiful. I think Fanny is going to be part of
Danielle's final exam. I'm going to use that little bimbo to test
this bitch's loyalty to me."

     Sandy looked intrigued, but held her tongue. "Don't think that
I've decided not to punish you though," Adelle suddenly snapped.
"I'm just going to put it off to later."

     The vicious blond mistress turned once again to admire her
newest slave. But when she heard the giggle, she lowered her gaze
to the two young girls kneeling at Danielle's feet. The two pretty
things, who'd been admiring the job they'd done on Danielle, froze
when they noticed her attention was on them. They looked at her
fearfully. "Face down, sluts!" Adelle commanded. "I've told you
more than once that you are not to look me in the face without my
permission!"

     Pam and Nina quickly lowered their faces to the cement,
touching it with their foreheads. This ensured that their eyes
could only see the floor. Adelle nodded. "Very good. You do know
how to follow orders. Now why didn't you get it right the first
time? It seems the two of you will have to be punished as well.
We'll take care of that when we've finished with Danielle."

     Pam and Nina were two of Adelle's youngest servants. They were
lovely twelve-year-olds both of whom were making a rapid trip
through puberty. Normally Adelle's taste ran to older girls. She
liked her slaves and victims old enough to really appreciate the
abuses she heaped on them. While she did like to torture children,
she never kept them around long. She found them boring. Pam and
Nina though had captured her imagination. She had decided to have
them trained to be full servants in her house. She still had plans
to torture them to death. Unless she changed her mind, they would
be snuffed before their sixteenth birthdays. In the meantime, they
were a joy to behold.

     Both were just under five feet tall. Pam, the shorter of the
two at four foot eight, was a honey-blond. Her hair was neck-
length, and hung in waves about her cute, round face. Her eyes
sparkled a lively blue. Traces of her baby fat could still be seen
in her cheeks, and when she smiled she had the most adorable
dimples. Her breasts were very well developed for a twelve-year-
old. They were already the size of apples, and very firm. Her
nipples were babyish, tiny, rosy buds. She was just short of plump.
Again, it was probably just the last bit of baby fat. Her hips were
nicely curved, and her ass pleasantly chubby. Her bald mons was
very fleshy. Her clit was surprisingly long and thick, and
sometimes Adelle found herself wondering whether she should let Pam
survive to adulthood so she could see just how big that bit of
flesh would get when she was full grown. Her legs were short but
well proportioned in their compact way, with killer thighs. Her
feet were small and chubby.

     Nina, a brunette, was three inches taller than Pam. Her dark
tresses hung down to mid-shoulder. Her face was a slender oval
shape. Dark lashes set off sultry brown eyes. Her cheeks were
sharper than Pam's, and her mouth fuller. There was a quiet
innocence to her appearance. She would have looked at home in a
convent. Her neck was long and slender. Her body was slender too.
Her breast growth had not been as precocious as Pam's. Hers were
just starting to swell up, but she already had thick, long nipples.
There was not an ounce of fat on her, but neither was she bony. Her
belly was flat and soft, and she had a cute little navel. She had
one of those classic shapes, where the ass seemed to stick straight
out behind her. It was this ass that had grabbed Adelle's
attention. It was a perfect behind. Perfectly round at the hips,
tight, full, and firm in the buttocks, it was surprisingly adult.
The slenderness of her thighs left an ample opening below her
shaved crotch. Her pussy, like Pam's, promised to grow into a
fleshy one. Her clit was just a tiny button, but her labia already
hung well down below her slit. Nina's legs, unlike Pam's, were in
perfect proportion. They weren't long enough to be coltish, but
they were perfect little-girl legs. Nina had pretty feet too. They
were small and perfectly shaped, with the sweetest looking little toes.

     But it hadn't been just their looks that had grabbed Adelle's
attention. It had been their youth and temperament as well. Despite
the fact that both girls had been very innocent when they'd been
taken, both had demonstrated a horniness beyond their years. This
had made it a snap for Adelle to mould them into the perfect
slaves. It had also been a delight to cultivate their meanness. She
had turned them into sadistic little sluts, and they loved it when
she had them help her torture other girls. In fact, there was no
limit to what they were willing to do. They would torture, or kill,
anything, from full adults to babies, male or female, with equally
fascinated pleasure.

     As victims, they were a treat. She had trained them to
complete submission. Neither girl was truly masochistic, though
sometimes Pam came close. They didn't like pain. But they were so
obedient that they would willingly submit to any torture she cared
to devise for them. They were so well trained that she could pass
them on to anyone else to use, and they still behaved. They didn't
require her special gifts to persuade them.

     "I don't believe you all!" Adelle continued musing aloud. "We
come down here to break in one girl, and I find myself having to
discipline all of you! Let's wake Danielle, so we can get on with
the program."

     Sandy fetched two small vials and a syringe. She filled the
syringe with the contents of the first vial and handed the second
vial to Nina. Finding an easily accessible vein in Danielle's leg,
she gave her the needle. She disposed of the used syringe, and
returned to take up the second vial, all the time counting slowly
to a hundred. When she was sure that the needle had been given
enough time to start working, she opened the second vial, and waved
it's contents under Danielle's nose. The abused young woman's head
snapped up. Her body quivered, then stiffened in its bondage. She
let out a long, muffled moan.

     "She's all ready to go again," Sandy happily announced.

     "Fine. I think we can start her on a little of phase two,"
Adelle declared.

     "That's a bit soon, isn't it?" Sandy asked, uncertainly. "It
usually takes several days of abuse before we go on to the next
phase."

     Adelle nodded. "I know. Consider this an experiment. We're in
a hurry, and I need to break her in quickly. I've got to start her
on the job right away. That's already against regular procedure. So
the conditioning has to start now. I believe that the accelerated
program will work on this girl. The preliminary evaluation of the
psych questions she answered today say it's a good risk." She
looked down at Nina and Pam. "Take her down and help her over to
the sensory chair."

     The young girls nodded. Nina went to the winch control and
began letting Danielle down while Pam untied the cords holding
Danielle's legs apart. Danielle was whimpering and shaking. When
her feet hit the floor, she didn't even try to stand, but slowly
folded to the ground. Pam finished with the ankle ropes and quickly
moved to untie her wrists. Nina came over to help. Then they each
draped one of Danielle's arms over their shoulders and began
dragging her to the far end of the dungeon.

     In spite of their youth and small size, the two little slaves
were quite adept at moving full-grown victims around. The needle
Sandy had given Danielle had an interesting side-effect. It had
helped force her to consciousness and it would make it hard for her
to pass out again. But it also left her muscles too loose and
relaxed for her to struggle effectively. This made it even easier
for Nina and Pam to move her around.

     At the far end of the dungeon Sandy had already opened the
door to a special chamber. Adelle entered and began setting up the
program she wished to run for Danielle. In spite of what she'd told
Sandy, she knew that moulding Danielle into the type of servant she
needed might be tricky. Until now, every girl she'd broken had been
exposed to many days of abuses. They'd all been desperate to embrace
any course that would deliver them from their private hells.

     But what Adelle did with her servants wasn't just induce
servitude. She brought out their sadistic sides. She brought out
their remorseless cruelty. She sought out the Mr. Hydes of their
personalities, the monsters kept chained in the darkest corners of
their psyches. She not only freed these monsters, but gave them a
free hand to explore their deepest fantasies in her employ. Nothing
they could dream up, no matter how vulgar, violent, or ugly was
denied them.

     These evil sides were sometimes so deeply buried, so reviled
by the slaves-in-training, that some of her subjects had preferred
to die rather than to be remade in their own nightmare image.
Adelle had discovered that prolonged exposure to abuse would begin
to break this resistance. Then she would combine pain with
pleasure. She taught her victims that pain could be pleasure if
dealt in a controlled manner. Finally, she began teaching them that
inflicting pain, torturing other human beings, was the greatest of
all sources of pleasure.

     The sensory chair was a primary tool in this process. It was
simply a metal frame onto which a subject could be securely
strapped with all the sensitive body parts left exposed. These
would in turn be hooked up to a variety of sensors, both passive
and active. They could measure a victim's physical responses, and
they could be used to apply additional stimuli, both painful or
pleasurable. The chair's chief purpose was to monitor the subject's
reaction to the information Adelle would present to her in the form
of videos and, sometimes, live demonstrations.

     Adelle watched her two young slaves drag in Danielle's limp
form. She'd broken in both those young sluts in this room. The
memory still brought a smile to her face. Pam hadn't needed much
conditioning in order to be broken in. Nina had taken a little
longer. She'd been brought up with strict sexual taboos. But when
she'd finally given in to the programming, she turned out even more
remorseless than her friend. Their "final exams" made up some of
her favourite video footage.

     Sandy grabbed Danielle's legs and helped the girls put her
onto the chair. They strapped her down. As soon as that was done,
Pam and Nina went to their knees and lowered their faces to the
floor. They'd learned quickly! Sandy began the long, involved
process of attaching all the sensor pads to Danielle's body. The
pads were taped on all over. They went on her face, along her arms,
in the armpits, down the belly and up her back, along the bottom
and inside of the thighs and calves, and the soles of the feet.
Sandy paid special attention to the ones that went on the breasts,
nipples, and clit. Special sensors plugged right into the dildos
still buried in all of Danielle's holes so that they needn't be
removed.

     While Sandy was doing her job, Adelle picked up a short, thin,
flexible metal rod. She moved up behind her two young slave-sluts.
She stared down at them. "Nina, get on your hands and knees. Pam,
I want your tits. Move over in front of Nina and lie back over top
of her. Spread your knees wide. You too Nina."

     The girls quickly complied. Nina kept her straight down. Pam
shuffled in front of her and backed up until her ass was pressed
against the back of Nina's head. She leaned back so that her proud
tits stuck straight up. She reached back with her arms to help hold
herself in place. She spread her knees as wide as she could. Nina
did the same. Due to the slenderness of her thighs, and her
position, her cunt was a lot more accessible.

     Adelle brought the rod down hard right down the middle of
Pam's luscious tits. The hard metal sank deep into the soft flesh
just below the nipples, and Pam screeched! A thin red welt formed
across the milky whiteness of Pam's skin. Adelle struck her again.
This time, the rod came down on the front of the tits. It was a
harder blow, though it wasn't hard enough to break the skin. Pam
cut her shriek off into a whimper.

     The next blow came down against the full cheeks of Nina's ass.
The shapely little brunette quivered and her ass jerked forward
trying to evade the blow. Pam had to hang on tightly not to lose
her position. Both girls knew well what Adelle would do to them
should they move out of this pose without her permission. Neither
one wanted to anger their Mistress!

     Adelle walked around to stand in front of Pam's reclined form.
She lifted one of her perfect feet and stuck it up high between
Pam's full thighs. "Spread your knees a little further, bitch!" she
ordered. She pressed against the thighs with her toes, and Pam did
her best to comply.

     Satisfied that she had the room she needed to work, Adelle
brought her foot back and kicked the pretty young girl right
between the legs. Pam, braced for a blow of the rod, was caught by
surprise. She grunted in pain and just barely kept herself kneeling
up, or bringing her hands to cover her fat pussy. That would have
been a big mistake!

     Adelle sighed and kicked her again, enjoying the way the pussy
felt against her toes. The girl's fleshy cunt was already wet. Pam
enjoyed this sort of abuse just enough to have it quickly get her
hot. Adelle, using the rod as a cane for added balance, pushed the
ball of her foot against the cunt and rubbed it firmly. Pam's moan
changed to one of pleasure.

     Adelle lowered her foot, took a step to the side, and brought
the rod up hard between the girl's thighs. Even before Pam could
finish screaming, Adelle struck her again. These were hard sharp
blows. A third followed quickly, and this time the tip of the rod
struck right against the thick, tender clitoris. Pam shuddered in
agony. Tears began streaming down her reddened face. Her teeth were
clenched and her hands tightly gripped Nina's waist.

     Adelle reached out with her left hand and ran her fingers over
Pam's crack. It was very wet now. As much as she hated it, Pam
could not help but respond sexually to the pain. Soon Danielle
would have the same conditioning drilled into her.

     The regal blond mistress took Pam's clit between the nails of
her thumb and forefinger and squeezed hard, pulling on it. Pam's
mouth opened wide, and the cute girl moaned long and hard. Adelle
twisted the nob of flesh hard, and suddenly Pam was in the midst of
a massive orgasm. Adelle's fingers were drenched with the sexually
precocious youngster's pussy juices. She let go the clit and
brought her hand to her mouth. She began licking it clean, enjoying
the taste, as she watched Pam's quivers of pain and pleasure come
to an end. Pam had one of the sweetest pussies she'd ever tasted.
There was a strong muskiness to it too. It made for delightful
eating.

     She didn't want Nina to feel neglected. She walked around to
stand behind the other's spread legs. She pushed the tip of the rod
gently into the back of a thigh, and ran it down the leg, and over
the sole of Nina's small cute foot. Nina had perhaps the prettiest
feet in her harem, at least for now. Perhaps as she got older
they'd lose some of their cuteness. But for now, Adelle loved to
torture them. They were surprisingly sensitive to pain considering
Nina was forced to go barefoot at all times which should have
toughened them.

     Adelle could not resist hurting them right now. She jabbed
down hard with the point of the rod right in the center of the
slender foot. Nina gasped in pain, her foot jerking and her toes
curling prettily. Luckily for the young slut, the rod's tip wasn't
pointy enough to actually pierce the skin. But Adelle had hit a
nerve, forcing the muscles to cramp painfully.

     She raised the rod and struck down on the other foot the same
way. Then, without pause, she began to whip the back of Nina's
thighs. She struck each one in turn, beginning just above the
knees, and placing each new welt an inch higher until she reached
the buttocks. Nina cried out shrilly at each impact, and by the end
was sobbing loudly. Adelle paused briefly and admired the results
of her handiwork.

     The pause was short-lived. Reversing the rod in her hand so
that she held the thick end forward, she spread Nina's ass cheeks
with the fingers of her left hand and pressed the end of the rod
against the young girl's ass hole. She brutally shoved the first
four inches into the girl's ass, getting a nice long scream in
reaction!

     Nina had taken thicker objects up her rear hole during her
training. The suddenness of this penetration rendered it painful
anyway. Adelle had purposely shoved the rod's tip against the left
side of the sphincter instead of driving straight up the middle and
the impact stretched, and slightly tore, the delicate muscle. Adelle
withdrew the rod, and repeated the penetration, this time banging
against the other side on the way in.

     Nina arms buckled at the elbow. As she bent down in agony,
Pam, caught by surprise, fell off to a side. She quickly got back
up, flashing a look of helpless desperation Adelle's way. It looked
so cute, thought her Mistress. But rules were rules. Both girls
would have to be punished further for breaking formation!

     "I'll settle with you both for this error later. Get back into
position. I'm not finished with my games yet. Sandy, how much
longer until we're ready to proceed with Danielle's session?"
     The security chief was taping a sensor to the bottom of
Danielle's right foot. She had paused to remove the tacks in her
way first. "I'm just about done with the wirings. I'll just have to
run a check on the equipment to make sure that everything's
functional. Another five to ten minutes should do it."

     The two young slaves resumed their pose, moving quickly, not
wanting to give their Mistress any further excuse for punishing
them. Adelle took the opportunity to put away the rod and pick up
another toy. It was a pair of pliers with short pointy needles
dotting its jaws. She admired it for a minute, then decided where
she would use it first.

     She moved in behind Nina, bent over and reached between the
girl's legs. With her left hand, she pinched the long labia
together, pulling down on them firmly. She placed them in the mouth
of the pliers and began to squeeze. The needle-points pressed hard
against the taut flesh, then penetrated it. It happened too fast
for Nina to react before her nether lips were holed. The poor girl
screamed blue murder and jerked her torso up. Once again, Pam found
herself falling from her perch.

     Adelle didn't let the pussy lips go. Taking a firm grip on the
pliers, she began jerking down with them. The cruel jaws tore at
the captive tissues. Little rivulets of blood began dripping onto
Adelle's hand. Her lust fired by the sight of blood, she was
tempted to tear the pussy lips right off her slave! But finally,
she decided that it was not the right time or place to mutilate the
girl. Reluctantly, she released the tortured bits of flesh.

     "On your backs both of you, and spread yourselves," she
ordered. When they complied, she knelt between Nina's legs and
brought her mouth to the ravaged little pussy.

     She sucked the bloody labia into her mouth, enjoying the salty
taste of blood. She rolled the flesh around on her tongue. The girl
started to juice. Compared to Pam, Nina still didn't get very wet,
nor did she turn on as quickly. But she tasted nice, and Adelle
loved sucking on fleshy pussies. She stuck her tongue into the
girl's tight hole and scraped her teeth along the tender folds of
flesh, making the petite beauty release a long whining sigh. Thanks
to her training, Nina had already forgotten her pain, having it
transformed completely to pleasure by her Mistress's attentions.

     She had no intention of eating Nina to orgasm. The little slut
hardly deserved it. Slowly she withdrew her face from the tiny
twat, kissing and licking the girl's lovely thighs on the way out.
She really found this girl attractive. Pam too. Maybe she wouldn't
be able to wait those three to four years to snuff them!

     She moved over to Pam. This time she knelt over the girl's
head facing her plump and eager body. "Suck me," she said simply.
Pam eagerly did as she was told. Clasping her hands over her
Mistress's buttocks, she pulled her face up into Adelle's pussy and
began licking and sucking with gusto. Though young, she'd been well
taught, and had turned out to be something of a natural when it
came to using her slutty mouth to give pleasure.

     Adelle sighed. She had total control over her pleasure
centres, even as she had total mastery over pain. She could, if she
wanted to, easily focus past the feelings in her pussy, or she
could concentrate on them to enhance her pleasure and speed her
orgasm. She did neither for now. She just relaxed and revelled in
her power and position.

     She reached down and took one of the firm, youthful breasts in
her left hand, squeezing it harshly. Pam's face pushed hard against
her pussy, and the girl's moan felt good against her flesh. It was
too bad, she thought, that Pam's nipples were still so babyish.
There wasn't much there on which to use the pliers. But she knew
where there was. She let the breast go and bent forward.

     Pam's pussy was before her, the girl's large clit hard and
sticking out from between the plump outer folds. Adelle licked her
lips and dropped her head down to take the sexy morsel between her
lips. She pressed her tongue against it. Again Pam moaned into her
pussy. Adelle sighed with pleasure. She could feel the girl's pulse
throbbing rapidly against her lips and tongue. She began nibbling
roughly on the sensitive knob. With her right hand, she placed the
cruel pliers down on Pam's pillowy thigh.

     Ever since she was little, Adelle had been fascinated by
pussies. She found cocks and balls interesting too, and didn't mind
torturing them. But nothing compared to the thrills she got when
she was abusing a pretty pussy. Perhaps it was due to the lust she
felt for women that she didn't feel for men. But though she loved
to torture tits and pretty faces, ass holes, feet, thighs, and
whatever else, torturing pussy was special. If the pussy was
especially pretty, full-fleshed or tight, whether it was young or
old, she could literally spend hours and hours playing cruelly with
it and not be bored.

     Before she could go further, she heard Sandy clear her throat.
She looked up. "Yes?"

     Sandy looked a little embarrassed at having to interrupt her.
"Danielle is ready to go. All systems are up and running properly.
All you have to do is choose which program you want to run."

     "I'll be right there. I want you to raise the stage. I might
want her to watch a little live action as well."

     Sandy nodded, and pressed a button. A nine by nine foot
section of the floor directly in front of the chair slowly rose up
till it was three feet higher than the surroundings. The area was
dark now, but there were spotlights in the ceiling that could be
used to flood it with light.

     Adelle looked regretfully at Pam's pussy. There would be time
later to slake her lust. She rolled off her slave and got to her
feet. "You two get on your knees and wait for my orders. I've got
other uses for you."

     Along one wall of the room was a programming console. She
walked over to it and considered the selection of tapes. Her first
selection was a tape made of Danielle's predecessor, the late Anne-
Marie. It would be good to show Danielle what she should expect
from her job. Next she decided on tapes of Nina and Pam in action.
She had the girls here where they could be made to interact with
the subject. That would help make the reality of it all sink in.
Then she smiled. She had some really neat footage of Fanny both as
a victim and as the abuser. Considering how fond Danielle was
supposed to have become of the little bitch, it should have a good
impact.

     Was it wise to include snuff-footage right away? Or would the
shock be too much too soon? It was, perhaps, best to wait on that.
She shouldn't let the experimental nature of this accelerated
session tempt her into varying too much from her tried and true
technique. For the same reason, she wouldn't use the olfactory
mask, or the taster tube on the poor girl and overwhelm her with
too many stimuli. That could wait for later sessions. No. The tapes
she had so far would be enough. She could supplement them with a
live session if she felt it necessary.

     She loaded the tapes and keyed in the code that would unlock
the controls for the chairs active features. Sandy would man the
main controls, freeing her to watch the session and evaluate
Danielle's responses.

     "Okay, dear," she said to her lieutenant as she moved to stand
next to Danielle's bound body. "We're all ready to go. Turn on the
video, and let's get this show on the road!"


Author's comments......


Well, Sunder is back. For now anyway. Originally this chapter was
going to contain one other part, but I decided that that part could
wait for the next chapter so that I could upload Sunder06 immediately.

Why did this chapter take so long to write?

Well, first, I was busy.

Second, my inspiration, Anonymous the author of Cute, Sunlov, et
all stopped submitting stories.

Third, I wasn't getting any feedback. Not only did the comments dry
up, but while everyone wondered what happened to the above author,
I didn't see one comment wondering what had happened to Sunder.

I don't get paid to write this stuff. I have other things to do.
One of the few satisfactions I do get is in knowing that there are
people out there that enjoy reading this stuff. I WANT TO HEAR FROM
YOU PEOPLE.  UPLOAD comments. Upload them as Sundc***. where *** is
a three digit number starting from 001. (its important to do this
as there is a series of old comments using a two digit numbering
system going from 01 to 09 or 10 or something. I'm not sure what.)

While I can not accomodate requests as easily as some of the other
authors, your ideas are inspiring, as are the stories submitted by
the other authors dabbling in this genre. In fact, this installment
is dedicated to all of you who have written any stories or have
made comments either to me, or to any of the other authors that
have been submitting stuff.

So write in. Please. If you've written before, write commenting on
Chp. six and let me know what you think.

If you haven't written before, but have read all the chapters,
write me a commentary on what you think of the story as a whole...
what parts you liked best, what you'd like to have emphasized in
the action.... While I have a direction for the plot, I can add a
lot of little detours to it if something good is suggested. If
there's some kind of scene you really want to see included, all you
have to do is suggest how it could relate to what has happened
already. If you take the trouble to make it compatable with the
plot, I'll take the trouble to fit it into some future chapter.


To the Author of Cute, Sunlov, etc... my latest comment to you,
uploaded a few days ago, says it all. But it wasn't in the
directory yesterday. I hope I didn't screw up the upload. If it
doesn't show up, I'll try uploading it again in a few days. 

However, in the meantime I'll repeat one idea....
...if you don't plan to continue Sunlov, I would like to borrow
some of your characters and incorporate them into the Sunder story.
But I'll only do this with your permission.

Hope to hear from as many of you as possible, as soon as
possible....
.....................Anon-sk

10/10/91

--------------------------------------------------------------------
For the largest collection of S/M, B/D & Spanking text

LEATHER ROSE BBS (312) 665-0111   14.4 Kb  V42 (PC PERSUITABLE)
We can be reached from over 1000 local phone numbers
---------------------------------------------------------------------




[WARNING!!!!  GRAPHIC AND STRONGLY OFFENSIVE S&M TYPE MATERIAL
FOLLOWS!!!  IF YOU DO NOT APPRECIATE TRULY ANYTHING GOES
STORY�TELLING, DO NOT READ THIS!  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!]


Note: The above wasn't kidding. If you have any morals, scruples or
decency you have two choices. Delete this story now, or check them
at the door.


The following is only a fantasy, written for the enjoyment of
adults that like strong fiction. In no way does the author condone
any of the practises mentioned in the work.


Before the story begins, I'd like to say hi to all the people that
kept asking me to upload more Sunder. This one's for you. At least
two people have already read the first half of Sunder07. They've
been waiting three months for the second half. The rest of you've
been waiting since sometime in Nov.  I apologize for the delay. It
couldn't be helped.

Well, maybe it could have been helped, but hey, what does it
matter. It's written now, so sit back and enjoy it.

Of course it helps if you've read parts 1 through 6. I'm hardly
about to give any new comers an instant recap. I mean the whole
story is about 150 pages now. While not intended as such, the first
few pages of this segment does sort of recap the first part of
chapter 6 by going over a few of the events there from a different
perspective.


Anyway, for now to the story. Some final comments will follow


CHAPTER SEVEN


Danielle


     Danielle woke up in a dark fog, with a stinging, bitter smell
in her nostrils. Her body felt limp and light, somehow disconnected
from the rest of her. She felt pain, but it was a distant, filtered
pain. She struggled to remember who she was, and where she was.
Then she felt her feet hit the ground, and something moved inside
them hurting her like hell, and she began to remember. Still, she
was all but released from her bonds before the fullness of her
experiences in the dungeon came back to her.

     She almost panicked then. She tried to move, and her muscles
would not respond. Had her torture rendered her a vegetable? Was
she paralysed from the neck down? She didn't know what the heck was
going on! All she knew for sure was that she'd never in her life
been more frightened!

     Then she realized that someone was speaking. But the sounds
were unfocused. What was wrong with her? Even her ears didn't work?

     Someone grabbed her arms. Or was it two someones grabbing an
arm each? Yes. It was two people. They were small, whoever they
were. She remembered thinking before she'd blacked out that there
were two young girls in the room. They each had draped one of her
arms over one of their shoulders and were dragging her somewhere.
Her knees, calves and feet were being scraped along the cement floor.

     The feeling in her arms and legs started to come back. The
dull throbbing in her feet became a more focused pulsing pain. She
still couldn't move her arms or legs, but now they only felt as if
they were asleep, and she was sure her control would return. One of
the girls took the hand Danielle had hanging over her shoulder and
placed it against her breast. Danielle felt a hard nipple pressing
against the palm of her hand. The girl rubbed Danielle's hand
against the breast, and Danielle felt the youngster's nipple grow
a little bigger. The size was pretty impressive for a young girl's
tit. She wished her fingers weren't asleep. She wanted to gently
squeeze the nipple and feel it out. As it was, the attempt she did
make to grab the bit of flesh just made the girl giggle.

     She felt another pair of hands grab her, and she was lifted
onto something. Cold metal pressed into her back, and she felt her
body try to shiver. It felt like she'd been placed on some kind of
metal frame. Her head, thankfully, was on a small padded area. The
frame ran directly down her neck and then forked into two bars that
ran down her back a few inches apart on either side of her spine.
They ended at a small flat plate that pressed up into the small of
her back, and then forked out again so that one ran under each of
her spread legs.

     They strapped her firmly onto her new resting place. She felt
a strap bite into her forehead. Another passed just under her
collar, fitting snugly under her armpits. Two more crossed over her
torso. One passed several inches below her breasts and the other
just above her hips. Her arms were strapped to metal arm-rests that
ended at her wrists, her hands dangling over the ends. Her legs
were bound tightly at mid-thigh, at the knees, and at the ankles.
She pictured what she looked like, and quickly realized how exposed
and available all her sensitive areas remained!

     She heard Sandy's voice say something about wiring her up, and
the next thing she knew, cold metal wires were being taped to her
body. The procedure seemed very exact. Sandy, assuming it was her,
knew exactly what she was doing. Danielle wished that they'd take
the stupid blindfold off! She was getting tired of not knowing who
was doing what to her.

     From somewhere to the side came the sound of a whip or a cane
hitting flesh, with the accompanying whimpers and screeches of the
victims. She guessed it was the young girls being tortured. It
sounded that way, but she wasn't sure. Despite the fact that she
wasn't the victim of that assault, her anxiety grew. This whole
night had been one agony after the other. She was terrified of what
this complex thing they were putting her on might do!

     Adelle and Sandy talked again. Sandy mentioned something about
having to test the equipment. Danielle tensed up, not knowing what
to expect.

     There was a tingling in her toes. Suddenly, her feet seemed to
catch fire. All the pain of the earlier session returned, and she
screamed into her dildo gag. The tingling went away, but the pain
remained. At the same time, her full feeling returned all over her
body. The welts and bruises she'd collected during the day began
tormenting her again. She was acutely aware of the pins that were
still in her feet. Sandy had removed a few, but a good dozen still
remained, and they bothered her tremendously.

     The sudden thrill that went through her pussy was completely
unexpected. It made her shudder with delight in spite of the pain.
It also left her embarrassed and confused! The same exciting
sensation next appeared in each of her nipples simultaneously, then
in her asshole, and finally in her toes! Each time it happened, she
found herself moaning with pleasure. What were they doing with her?

     The sensations subsided. "Danielle is ready to go." Sandy
suddenly said. It was only then that Danielle realized how much her
hearing had improved from just moments before. "All systems are up
and running properly. All you have to do is choose which program
you want to run."

     She heard Adelle's reply, and the sound of a motor humming and
something scraping against cement. Her heart was beating faster
now. She could tell that her torments were about to resume. How she
wished that she'd never gone to Adelle's office that morning!

     After a few minutes, Danielle heard Adelle say, "Okay, dear,
we're all ready to go. Turn on the video, and let's get this show
on the road!"

     Danielle felt fingers fumble behind her head, and suddenly her
blindfold was removed. It took a few seconds for her vision to
clear, but at least the room was dimly lit, and she didn't have to
wait for her eyes to adjust to the light. She had little choice as
to where to look, however. She couldn't turn her head. She was
staring directly at a huge video screen. It was at least eight feet
high, and twelve feet wide, and curved slightly in towards her on
either side. It filled her entire field of vision. She also
discovered that she could not turn her head away from it.

     She screeched into her dildo gag as she felt someone bite her
ear. "Good. You are awake!" Adelle chuckled. "Welcome to the
wonderful world of the sensory chair. For the next little while,
we're going to fuck with your mind. We're going to show you things
you'd never thought you'd see, and we're going to make you enjoy
them. But don't worry. It's only you're first time here, so we'll
take it slow. After all, you've got to go to work tomorrow morning.
As you've no doubt discovered, you have no choice but to look at
the screen. In case you're wondering, you will not even be able to
shut your eyes. If you do, the sensors will notice immediately, and
your lids will be stimulated to open."

     With that, Adelle withdrew, and Danielle felt someone slip a
set of headphones over her ears. Then the screen before her
brightened to life. This time her eyes did have to adjust. She shut
them to escape the glare. Suddenly, a mild shock went through the
tiny muscles that controlled her eyelids. They snapped back open
against her will, aching dreadfully. When her eyes had adjusted to
the screen's brightness, she found that she was looking at a lovely
blond girl, perhaps only a year or two older than herself. She was
about her own height, give or take an inch or two, and was just a
little on the plump side. She was wearing only a simple white gown
that was almost see through and ended just above her slender ankles.

     Behind her, Danielle could see a large, brightly lit room
filled with exotic plants, delicate marble statuettes, and a
variety of fountains. It looked like Adelle's main office that
she'd been in just that morning. She wasn't sure if she'd seen this
part of it, but that room was certainly large enough for her to
have missed this.

     The picture was incredibly clear and lifelike. The girl and
her surroundings were life-sized. Danielle almost felt like she was
falling into the picture. She felt if she could only reach out, she
would touch the young woman before her.

     "Hello," the pretty blond's video image said with a nervous
giggle. "My name's Anne Marie. I'm Mistress Adelle's executive
secretary. Or maybe I should say I was, since this tape is being
made to help train my replacement. Whoever you are, if you're
watching this, it probably means I'm dead." The girl sighed and
shrugged, still smiling. "This is a dangerous job. There are a lot
of enemies of Sunder Enterprises out there, and I never know when
one might attack, and whether I'd end up being killed. That's a
worry you're going to have to learn to live with unless you're
like me, and that kind of thought turns you on. Or maybe the
Mistress will grow bored of me and snuff me for kicks. Personally,
I think that's how I'd rather go."

     Right then, Danielle felt a tingling in her clit. There
followed a pleasurable surge that ran rampant through her sexual
centres, getting her all wet. It felt like a thousand tiny tongues
were all licking her cunt at once. She was being scared silly, and
meanwhile her body was having a great time. It was very
disorienting. She knew that the excitement wasn't her own, and that
the pleasure was an illusion. But it felt so damned good! 

     "Of course," Anne Marie continued, "I really can't tell you
about the business end of things on a tape. No, I'm here to explain
about your sexual responsibilities, your servitude, and your fringe
benefits." With that, the blond woman slipped off her robe. What
she revealed was a lushly figured form covered with welts and bruises.

     Right on cue, the pleasure being fed into Danielle's nervous
system increased and was sustained until she orgasmed. At the same
time, the camera had zoomed in on Anne Marie and was panning down
her body, lingering over her creamy breasts with their thick pink
nipples, her plump and tender belly, her shaved mons, and finally
her thighs and calves. Every part of the lovely anatomy was red and
black and blue. As well, there were burn marks around the nipples
and on either side of the pussy cleft. She was the very picture of
a sexually abused female. The stimulation from chair peaked right
then, and Danielle found herself cuming forcefully at that sight.

     The effect was to burn the picture into her mind. It would,
she was certain, haunt and obsess her for a long time. She would
see it whenever she closed her eyes. Worse, she was afraid that
she'd get the urge to play with herself at the memory in order to
try to recapture the pleasure she was being made to feel right now.
She wasn't sure how much of the pleasure was from the machine and
how much of a turn on she would have felt without it. A small part
of her was almost convinced that the sight might have made her
horny regardless. They really were fucking with her mind!

     "Yes, as executive secretary," Anne Marie explained, "the most
important role you play is to relieve the Mistress's frustrations
when you're alone together in the office and there's no one else
around for her to abuse, and no time for her to slip out into her
private dungeons. As you can see, I've quite a collection of
painful marks. Actually, I'm quite proud of them. The Mistress
rarely has to tie me up any more. I will get into whatever position
she wants me in and hold it. I've been whipped, caned, punched,
slapped, kicked, pissed on, had my ass and pussy fisted, had hot
liquids dripped on me, candles put out against my skin, and pins
stuck into my tits and pussy, and you know what? I've learned to
like it!"

     A new surge of excitement tickled Danielle's nipples, and she
felt them stiffen in response. They seemed to itch, as if they were
only being stimulated to the slightest degree. They throbbed out
for attention, and Danielle would have whimpered if not for the
huge dildo stuffed down her mouth.

     Anne Marie giggled again. "Oh, I don't mean that I like the
pain itself. Submitting still terrifies me. I never know whether
Adelle has decided that this is the time she'll really mutilate or
even snuff me! You see, I saw pictures of the girl who worked for
her before me. She was literally cut to pieces a bit at the time,
and she had to continue at her job until the day she was actually
killed!"

     Anne Marie licked her lips and began playing with her nipples
as she spoke. At the same time, the feelings being sent through
Danielle's nipples seemed to increase as well. "First," Anne Marie
continued her sordid tale, "her toes were cut off, one at the time
with a butcher knife. Mistress Adelle had her place her feet on a
large wooden board. Some of the Mistress's other slaves held her
down, and the Mistress just carved the pretty little things right
off. The stumps were sealed with fire, and the feet bandaged, and
as soon as she was able, she was sent back to work. A few days
later, Mistress Adelle burned off her nipples with a candle flame."

     Anne Marie paused, savouring the pleasure she was giving
herself. When she resumed her tale, her voice had the breathless
quality of one who was nearing orgasm. "The next day, both her
breasts were hacked off! This girl had nice heavy breasts. The
Mistress just took a knife to them and pruned away till she'd
whittled them right off. She had to go to work like that for a
week before Mistress Adelle finally decided to snuff her!"

     Danielle could feel another orgasm building up inside her.
This one, she was sure, wasn't all the machine's doing. Was she
really being turned on by the grisly story? What was happening to
her? Could they really be corrupting her so much in one short day?
Or had this side of her always been there, hidden away in some dark
corner of her mind?

     "No," Anne Marie sighed. "It's the terror that I find
delicious. I love being scared! And I love being controlled! It
turns me on a hell of a lot to think that there is someone who owns
me so completely that she could do whatever she wanted to my body,
even destroy it! I know that I could end up like that other girl
any day. And after my tortures are over, sometimes I cry. But not
just because I hurt, but because I know I'm addicted to the pain!
And when I'm asked to assume a position, I get all wet. It makes
me feel so cheap. And I like that too!"

     At the word pain, Danielle's pleasure turned to agony! She
barely heard the last few sentences that Anne Marie spoke. Her
nipples, clit, and asshole burned! As well, the three dildoes
jolted her in all her holes! Her body spasmed and her vision
blurred. Then the pain ended as abruptly as it had begun.

     "But enough of the morbid stuff!" Anne Marie said, sounding
suddenly more self-assured. Danielle's attention returned to the
video. "This job's not just about playing victim!" Anne Marie
enthusiastically continued. "I, and you who come after me, are
second in command of Mistress Adelle's private holdings!
Understand, this position gives no control over the business
itself. But in the running of the offices, the mansion or any of
her other homes, and in the management of her personnel, our
word is second only to hers. So let me show you what I mean."

     Anne Marie began walking over to the right, the camera
following her, showing Danielle other parts of the huge office that
she hadn't seen that morning. She also saw that Anne Marie's back,
buttocks, and the backs of her legs were even more black and blue
than her front! The lovely blond moved along a path that ran
through a row of high shrubs and between vine-entwined pillars.
Turning a corner, she came to a small clearing.

     It was hidden behind a thick growth of vines. At one end was
a large, square section of marble wall, attractively framed by the
dangling vines. A petite, raven-haired lady was bound against it,
almost spread-eagled, her wrists and ankles held by tight metal
cuffs. Actually, her arms were almost straight up over her head,
the wrists bound only a few inches apart. Her legs though were
spread wide, leaving her small, narrow feet more than a foot off
the ground, and over a yard apart.

     "This is Yasmine." Anne Marie said, turning to face the camera
once again. "Lovely, isn't she? Yasmine works for our legal
department. This morning, it came to my attention that a set of
papers she was responsible for were botched rather badly. This was
bad for her, but great for me, because I've been itching to have
my way with her for some time now!"

     The camera zoomed in on the helpless woman. She looked to be
just past her middle twenties, but was quite attractive in an
exotic way. She was no more than five feet tall and very slender.
Her hair was midnight black and hung down long and straight almost
to her hips. Her skin was a dusky tan colour, a sort of Middle-
Eastern complexion. Her face was a slender oval. She had large
brown eyes under long, thick lashes, a small nose that ran mostly
straight except for a slight downward hook at the end, and a small
serious mouth.

     She had a slender neck and shoulders. The slightness of her
torso accentuated the size of her ripe breasts. They hung down soft
and inviting against her rib cage. They weren't saggy. They were
just low-slung. She had a flat, shallow-navelled belly, and a tiny
waist. Her hips were slight too, and her ass could have been
fuller. She had short, girlish legs with slender thighs and calves
that were straining as she struggled in her bonds. Her small feet
were too narrow to really be pretty.

     The camera zoomed in on the bound woman's crotch. As was to be
expected, it was smooth-shaved. The dark skin-tone of her mons
nicely set off the bright pink of her fleshy inner folds that were
peeping shyly out from between her cunt's outer lips. But
Danielle's attention was caught by the two large silver rings that
hung from the woman's cunt. The camera continued to zoom in until
Danielle could see where the rings pierced the lady's tender labia.

     "Now you have to understand that most of the time the Mistress
takes care of discipline herself. That's why this slab is so
conveniently situated at the back of her office," Anne Marie's
voice came from the side as the camera remained locked on Yasmine's
pussy. "But she can't discipline everyone, or she'd never get any
work done! So usually, the job of making sure that everyone gets
their proper punishment or reward falls to the Exec. I compile the
list of who's due for what, and bring it to the Mistress's
attention. She picks out the punishments that she wants to handle
herself. Then I get to pick the ones I want to administer. Any
remaining are sent down to the dungeons."

     "But I'm boring you now, and that's bad television, right? I
bet you're wondering about those pussy rings Yasmine is wearing.
Yasmine also used to be the slave of one of Mistress Adelle's
special agents. That's why she's pierced. They were due to be
married. But the woman died on a mission, and poor Yasmine has
been left without a lover. It's so sad, isn't it?" Anne Marie
didn't sound the least bit sad when she said this.

     "Those are her engagement rings," she explained with a giggle.
"She was due to have her nipples pierced and to be branded at the
wedding ceremony. Maybe it's the loss of her lover that has made
her lose her will to work. Is that it, Yasmine?"

     The camera panned back up to Yasmine's face. Tears were
streaming down from those pretty eyes, as the woman fought back
quiet sobs. Danielle felt strange inside as she watched this. She
was filled with both compassion and lust.

     The camera pulled back till Anne Marie was back in the shot
with Yasmine. "Well guess what, Yasmine?" Anne Marie's voice held
a teasing quality. "I've had permission to take you as my
concubine! So you're going to be pierced and branded after all!"

     Yasmine's big brown eyes fixed themselves on Anne Marie, and
her lower lip quivered as she shook her head in denial. Anne Marie
ignored her. She put her hand on the bound woman's breast,
squeezing it appreciatively, then ran it down the tense body. "Then
we're going to," she paused as she reached the pussy, "consummate,"
she slipped a finger up into the cunt, making Yasmine gasp, "our
new relationship!"

     Anne Marie now turned to look into the camera. "I bet you're
wondering what I'm going to use on her since I don't seem to have
any tools with me. Well, watch carefully. There'll be a test later!"
She giggled at her own dumb joke. She took two steps over to her
left. "Right behind this clump of ivy is the control for the tool-chest."

     She reached a hand between the tight growth of vines and did
something with her fingers. The result was that a section of the
floor began to rise. This brought a large upright metal chest about
the size of the standard refrigerator into the room. When it
finished rising, Anne Marie opened a door at it's front, revealing a
series of shelves holding implements ranging from whips, crops, and
dildos, to clamps, scalpels, needles, and other things Danielle
couldn't quite make out.

     Anne Marie took out a small metal box and opened it. She took
out a pencil sized plastic handle. Into it's end, she inserted a
three inch long, rather thick needle. Her subject-to-be watched her
in silence, her breathing getting quicker, whether from fear or
anticipation, Danielle couldn't tell.

     Anne Marie disinfected her tool by lighting a small candle and
passing the needle through it several times. Then she grabbed one
of Yasmine's nipples, and pulled hard on it, stretching it out,
and making the woman gasp.

     "Do you, Yasmine, agree to be my personal whore," Anne Marie
recited, "for me to use and abuse, to own and lend out?"

     Yasmine begged for mercy with her eyes and shook her head.
"No, please don't make me do this." she sobbed quietly. But Anne
Marie just slapped her face with the back of her hand. The cruel
executive had to slap her several times, but finally, her lips
and nose bleeding from the blows, Yasmine whimpered, "Yes."

     "Do you promise to honour, obey, and submit to me
unquestioningly from now until the time one of us gets snuffed?"
Anne Marie asked her.

     Yasmine sobbed. "Yes. Alright. You win."

     "Then I pronounce you my personal lover and body slave. With
these rings I will claim you." As she said this, Anne Marie pushed
the needle through the base of the woman's nipple. Yasmine cried
out shrilly!

     Pain shot through Danielle's own tit! It felt like someone was
piercing her! She blinked, and suffered another shock to her eyes.
She would have shook her head from side to side from the pain, but
she was prevented by her bondage.

     On the screen, Anne Marie withdrew the needle from the wounded
nipple. To Danielle it felt like the needle was moving in her own
tit! Anne Marie quickly pierced the other dark pink nubbin. She
wasn't actually piercing the nipples themselves, but the area just
beneath each one. Again as Yasmine shrieked, Danielle suffered a
severe pain in her other nipple.

      Anne Marie put the needle away and took out a small plastic
tube. Unstopping it, she squeezed out a small amount of a thick
yellow ointment onto each of the wounded breasts and rubbed it into
the two pink buds. Right after this, she put a gold ring through
each of the nipples. She crimped the rings' open ends, and stood
back to admire her work.

     "There. Isn't that pretty? I'll bet you'd be the envy of the
every girl in the legal department if they could see your rings.
Maybe I should make you go to back to work naked," Anne Marie
grinned evilly. As Yasmine blushed a bright crimson, the cruel
executive added, "Now only the branding remains!"

     Tears ran down Yasmine's lovely face. "No, please! Don't brand
me! Please don't! I'll do anything else to make you happy!"

     "You were more than willing to let that other slut brand you!
Weren't you? Come on! Tell me! Did you or did you not agree to your
former lover's request to brand you?"

     "Yes! I did! But I loved her! I loved her, and I don't want to
wear anybody else's marks!" Yasmine blurted out.

     Anne Marie laughed. "Well, tough shit! There's no room for
love in this organization. There's only the pleasure you can grab
for the moment, cause every moment might be your last, baby. Your
my slave-wife, Yasmine, and I plan to beat you black and blue every
night. I don't give a shit if you don't love me."

     As she spoke, Anne Marie took a pair of branding irons and put
them into a metal container that looked to Danielle like some sort
of small portable oven. She then turned to look her slave over
carefully. "Where should I mark you? Let's see. On the tits?" She
hefted one up with her left hand and squeezed it roughly. "On the
belly?" She ran her right hand down the bound woman's gently
mounded midsection, then drew it back, made a fist, and punched
Yasmine in the gut, making her grunt in pain. "On the ass, or hip,
or your thigh? Or maybe I should brand you right above the cunt?"

     Danielle felt a brand new buzzing in her pussy. Her clit was
being stimulated again, and it felt good! She was really getting
into this video! She found herself wondering where she would brand
Yasmine if she were in Anne Marie's place. She hadn't quite
decided. When a new burning pain in her asshole started, she
ignored it. She focused instead on the pleasure in her pussy, and
suddenly the pain in her anus served only to heighten that
pleasure. It was another stimulation pushing her on towards yet
another orgasm.

     "Should I brand you somewhere private, or should the mark be
where everyone can see it?" Anne Marie grabbed a hand-full of
Yasmine's thick black hair. "Maybe I should brand you on the cheek!
Maybe I should mark that lovely face of yours so that everyone will
know your shame! What do you say to that?"

     Yasmine seemed to sag in her bondage. She appeared both
physically and emotionally exhausted, and unable to struggle any
longer. "No, not my face!" she begged quietly. "If you must,
Mistress, mark me, but not on my face!"

     Anne Marie shook her head. "No. I've decided. I will mark your
face. And you're going to get more than one mark. In fact, I'm
going to mark you in several places. My personal mark will go on
three different parts of your body. The company slave mark will go
on your face." She reached back over to the small oven and pulled
out one of the brands. It was already glowing a cruel bright white.

     Danielle was lost on the edge of an orgasm, totally engrossed
in the drama being played out before her, and in the feelings
flooding through her body. But there was still a part of her alert
enough to remember how she'd been made to feel pain in her breasts
when Yasmine had been pierced. However, the possibility that she'd
be made to feel the pain of Yasmine's branding didn't fill her with
the outright fear that she would have felt just this morning.
Rather she found herself anticipating her possible fright and
discomfort, the way she sometimes did while watching a horror movie.

     "The first mark goes here," Anne Marie said. She grabbed
Yasmine's breast by the wounded nipple, and pushed the brand slowly
into its underside, letting the hot end cook its way into the flesh
gradually, prolonging the woman's agony.

     Yasmine's scream and Danielle's were simultaneous. The
difference was that the dildo muffled Danielle's. On the screen,
Yasmine spasmed delightfully in her bondage. Danielle too convulsed
in her bonds as a sharp, severe pain filled her breast. At the same
time, the stimulus in her pussy peaked. As a result, she orgasmed
just seconds after the pain in her breast began. She quivered in
both agony and release!

     And as she stared up at the screen, her eyes wide open, but
her vision unfocused, she saw Adelle's face staring down at her.
The angelic face bore a diabolical smile. Yes, her own Mistress
was obviously pleased at the way her treatment was going!

     On the screen, Yasmine had almost passed out from the pain.
But Anne Marie had prepared for that possibility. She put the
branding iron back into the stove to reheat, and picked up a small
vial of smelling salts. She waved this under Yasmine's nose, and
the poor woman's head snapped back as she was forced to full
awareness.

     The helpless victim sobbed uncontrollably now as Anne Marie
inspected her mark. The camera zoomed in to show the black burn
lines. They formed the shape of a wide letter "M" with a line going
across the middle of the top valley to form an upside-down letter
"A". The brand had gone deep into the woman's soft, dusky flesh.
Anne Marie put her nose to the breast, sniffed deeply, and turned
to the camera. "Hm! There's nothing like the odour of burnt flesh!"

     She retrieved the branding iron. She held it up before
Yasmine's tear stained eyes, giving the woman a good long look at
it. Then she bent over and grabbed a hold of one of Yasmine's
slender ankles. "That's right. This one goes right on top of one of
these pretty feet. Every time you put on a pair of open-topped
shoes, or go barefoot, you'll be reminded of me!" She pushed the
brand onto top of the foot just behind the slender toes.

     Danielle braced herself for the mirror-pain in her own foot,
and was surprised when it didn't come. On the screen, Yasmine's
legs were trying to kick in their bonds, and she did manage to make
Anne Marie lose her grip on the ankle, but not until the damage was
done.

     Again Anne Marie put the brand back into the oven to reheat.
"I think I'll do the slave mark now," she said, pulling out the
other brand. This one was in the form of a long, thin letter "S".
Danielle wondered if it stood for "slave", "Sunder", or both. It
too glowed white hot. Anne Marie gleefully brought it up to
Yasmine's face.

     As Danielle watched with growing excitement, Anne Marie
grabbed a hold of Yasmine's hair, and forced the woman to turn her
face. Yasmine struggled, shaking her head in denial, but there was
really nothing she could do to escape this abuse. Anne Marie pushed
the glowing brand into Yasmine's smooth cheek. There was a loud
hiss as the hot metal did its job. This time Yasmine did pass out
from the pain.

     Again Danielle had braced herself for a pain in her cheek to
match the one to which Yasmine was being forced to submit. Instead,
a new round of pleasurable sensations were introduced into all her
most sensitive areas. She felt the tingling in her crotch and in
her breasts. The sensation in her ass became a nice one. There was
a tickling of pleasure in her toes, at the back of her knees, the
small of her back, the nape of her neck, the inside of her thighs,
and even in the area just below her armpits!

     The pleasure grew, but in a controlled and wispy way. It was
an ethereal stimulation. It filled her with a need to cum, yet she
couldn't focus on it to bring about the orgasm she needed so badly!

     But she wasn't stupid, Danielle told herself. She knew what
was coming. She also knew that there would be nothing she could do
about it. She watched with helpless fascination as Anne Marie put
the "S"-iron away and woke Yasmine up with the salts. Danielle had
already guessed where the next brand would go.

     Sure enough, when Anne Marie took out the brand with her own
mark, she lowered it down to the level of Yasmine's crotch.
Carefully she brought the white-hot metal into the alignment she
wanted. The two outer diagonals of the "M" came down to either side
of the top of the pussy. The middle point would just touch the top
of the clitoral hood. Slowly, grinning like a cruel little child
torturing ants, Anne Marie brought home the brand for the final time.

     This time Danielle's expectations weren't disappointed. A red-
hot agony flooded her crotch! But at the same time, the pleasurable
feelings she was being fed went right off the scale! She lost all
sense of what was real as she was carried away by a never-ending
orgasm! She closed her eyes and surrendered to this bliss. Even
when her eyes started to hurt from the shocks, she didn't care.
In that moment, all pain became the ultimate pleasure. The basic
elements of her personality shattered forever and reassembled into
a new form.

     Perhaps she was only partly conscious, because she could no
longer feel her body as a physical thing. Instead, she was a
disembodied essence falling down a bottomless black pit, falling
like a feather, almost floating, while bright flashes of colour
exploded around her like fireworks.

     She wasn't sure how long she remained lost in that pleasure.
But when she openned her eyes once more, the screen was off, and
Adelle stood before her. The sensory "chair", Danielle realized,
had been tilted slightly up so that she was no longer lying flat
She could look into her Mistress's eyes without Adelle having to
stand over her.

     Sandy came into her field of view. The butchy woman unstrapped
the dildo gag and pulled it out of Danielle's mouth. Suddenly,
Danielle realized how much her jaw ached, and how dry her mouth
was. Sandy must have read her mind because she put the dildo away
and returned with a small glass of warm water. She trickled it
slowly into Danielle's eager mouth, smiling as she teased her. She
purposely missed with some of it, pouring it over Danielle's nose
or chin, making her lap for it.

     When the cup was empty, Sandy stepped aside, and Adelle moved
in closer. Danielle suddenly realized that her Mistress was
entirely naked. For the next little while she lost herself in her
admiration of her boss's perfect body. Then Mistress Adelle spoke
to her.

     "You're responding very well to the chair, Danielle. I'm
pleased. We'll continue with Anne Marie and Yasmine tomorrow. The
next parts of that tape wouldn't be appropriate for your first day
in the chair," she hesitated briefly and smiled. "Though I almost
think you might be ready for them now. But don't worry." Danielle's
Mistress half purred those words. "We have a few other interesting
scenes for you to watch tonight. I'm sure you'll find all of them
equally stimulating." 

     Then the chair slowly tilted back into the horizontal position.


*               *               *


Lisa


     Dinner with Sir Stephen, while it did not quite live up to her
hopes, did manage to fulfil most of Lisa's expectations.

     She had arrived at the door to his private apartments an hour
ago. As was customary, she had presented herself totally naked. She
was thankful that the route to his chambers was fairly private and
she had been spared having to exhibit herself to her co-workers the
way she'd had to that afternoon. Lisa didn't mind showing off her
body. It was her sperm-soiled condition that had made the walk from
the snake pen to her room so humiliating.

     Stephen's "Mistress of Maids" had answered the door. Lisa had
quivered inside the way she always did when she came face to face
with Nanny Leisha. Leisha was the only woman Stephen kept that
wasn't young and beautiful. Leisha was a tall, stout, heavy-set
black woman in her mid-forties. Legend had it that she, in fact,
had been Stephen's nanny, raising him as a child. Lisa had never
been able to discover if this was true, but there was no reason
not to believe it.

     Leisha, unlike Stephen's other females, was dressed. She wore
a tight-fitting leather corset and mini-skirt. These accentuated
her ample chest, and her strong, long legs. Her feet, however, were
bare, because either she or Stephen preferred it that way. Her hair
was long and black with silver streaks. Her face did not betray her
full age. She might have been quite pretty in her younger days if
not for her size. She wasn't really fat. She was just big. Lisa had
heard stories about how strong and cruel she was. The fact that
Stephen kept her around said a lot about the kind of man he was.

     Leisha had smiled her cruel lustful smile and given Lisa a
mocking bow. "The Master is expecting you." The way she said that
made Lisa shiver. Her sweet sounding voice was full of sour tones.
Listening to her was sort of like being forced to eat honey-covered
pickles, or marshmallows dipped in vinegar. "Please, follow me."

     She had led Lisa down the short dark entry hall to Stephen's
dining room, then stood aside to let her enter. As Lisa had walked
into the candle-lit chamber before her, Leisha reached out and
grabbed one of her breasts. Lisa was caught so completely by
surprise that she didn't have a chance to react. "Wait, white
bitch! Stephen tells me you're a hot one. I do hope the Master will
call for me during play-time. I would so enjoy getting to know you
better." Then she squeezed Lisa's pert tit so hard that the poor
woman couldn't help but gasp and whimper. Leisha laughed and let
go. "We're going to be such close friends!" the black woman purred.

     Lisa shivered once again. Leisha left the room. For a minute,
Lisa stood still, regaining her composure. When she finally calmed
down, she suddenly smiled. Tina Turner on growth hormones! That's
what Leisha reminded her of!

     The dining room, was a long, narrow chamber with a high-
vaulted ceiling. It was simple in it's decor. Even had it been more
elaborate, the candles didn't shed quite enough light to let one
see the whole room in detail. There was a single, eight foot long
table with a chair at either end. Stephen sat at the far end,
dressed, as far as she could see, in a violet and wine coloured
satin bath robe. A pair of candelabras sat near either end of the
table. The near one shed light on a covered plate that, she
assumed, was the opening course already waiting for her.

     "Sit, Lisa," Stephen had said, a cold smile on his face.
"There is no need for you to greet me again since we only parted
company a short while ago. Begin eating. I've had some very special
dishes prepared for you tonight. You could say I've had somewhat of
a hand in getting them just right. So, you see, I would be greatly
offended if you didn't eat every bit of food on each of the plates
you'll be presented with tonight."

     Lisa had sat down in the plush chair, enjoying its warm, silky
feel against her naked skin. Even then, she had a hunch as to what
she could expect. Lifting the cover off the plate before her, she
was not surprised to see a sperm-drenched antipasta. The sliced
meats and vegetables sticks lay under a thick coating of white.

     Stephen laughed at her. "In case you're wondering, most of it
is not fresh. It is all mine though. I had it brought down from my
personal sperm bank. Enjoy!"

     Having been sitting under the stainless steel lid, the smell
of the semen was quite strong. While she enjoyed eating cum
straight from the tap, Lisa wasn't sure how well she would manage
to deal with so much of it cold. Thinking about how this sperm had
all been kept on ice, perhaps for years, didn't help matters any!

     She had daintily begun picking at her food, knowing that all
the promises of power made her that afternoon were void if she
disobeyed her master now. She pushed several leaves of sperm-coated
lettuce onto her fork and lifted them to her mouth. She felt
Stephen's eyes on her, watching her intently. He wanted her to know
he was watching her, judging her. He wanted to increase the anxiety
she was feeling!

     The sticky semen, made thicker by its refrigeration, was
slowly dripping off the food, hanging down in a thick thread.
Ignoring the turning of her stomach, Lisa stuck out her tongue to
catch it, tilted her head up, and pushed the food into her mouth.

     It wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. Actually, she
found the taste and feel intriguing! Relieved, she lowered her face
and met Stephen's gaze. Smiling, she slowly chewed her food,
swallowed, then licked her lips. Stephen stared at her, his
expression unreadable. Suddenly, he laughed, and the tension at the
table finally broke.

     "I'm pleased that you find your meal so enjoyable," Stephen
smirked. "I've arranged for some dinner theatre. I hope you find
that to your taste as well. Ah, here comes Leisha now!"

     At the mention of the woman's name, Lisa shuddered slightly.
She slowly turned towards the entrance. Her eyes widened. Leisha
was leading in a pair of very young ladies. They were naked, being
lead on leashes, with their wrists cuffed and their feet hobbled.
But there was more to it than that.

     Both girls looked like they were barely acquainted with the
concept of puberty. There was only the slightest swell to their
breasts. They were also completely hairless. They were bald, and
even their eyebrows and lashes were non-existent. It was hard for
Lisa to tell if their pussies had been shaved, or were yet to ever
grow hair.

     Without hair color and style to go by, Lisa found she had to
look harder to figure out how to keep them distinct from each
other. Both girls were barely four and a half feet tall. The one on
the left had slightly darker skin, a slightly olive complexion. The
other was more fair, with a hint of freckles to her face. When they
got closer, Lisa could see that they were brown and green eyed
respectively.

     "Give Lisa a good look at your little actresses, Leisha,"
Stephen commanded as he surveyed the scene cooly.

     Leisha nodded and walked over to the turned-on cruel blond.
"You see, Lisa," Leisha said the name with a strong undercurrent of
spite, "I like white bitches. Especially when they're young and
tender like these two honeys. The dark-eyed one's name is May. The
other one is April. Believe it or not, they're sisters. May is just
a year older than April, though you can't really tell. Their mama
had really bad taste in names, didn't she? But she sold me these
two darlings for a bargain. Say hello to Lisa, little sluts!"

     Leisha took the two girls right over to where Lisa was sitting
and had them stand before her. With one of her own feet she forced
the girls to spread their legs as far apart as the hobbles would
let them, which was just enough to make their little pussies
plainly visible. The two girls kept their eyes down and said
together, "Hello, Mistress Lisa."

     Leisha laughed. "Now bitches, who told you to call Lisa
mistress? But for tonight, you might as well pretend that she is.
Go ahead, Lisa, give them a good looking over before I begin the show."

     Lisa picked up a piece of bread and used it to wipe the come
that was dribbling down her chin. She saw Stephen smile at the
sight. Grinning back at him, she put it in her mouth and chewed it,
making an appreciative face. Then she turned in her chair until she
was sitting sideways, facing the two girls. Reaching out, she
pulled them closer still. They came to her without resistance,
keeping their eyes on the floor.

     At close range, she could easily make out the differences in
their physiques. April was actually a little taller than her older
sister, though more slender of build. She had longer legs. May had
slightly wider hips that had begun to show some development. She
had a bit fuller, though still girlish ass, and her pussy was
plumper than her younger sister's. Both had very pretty faces.
April had a slightly uptilted nose and sharp cheekbones, while May's
nose was small and straight, her mouth small and serious, and her
face had a more heart-like shape.

     Neither one had much development where their nipples were
concerned. May's breasts may have had a bit more of a swell, but
not by much. Both were skinny, though not painfully so. They had
lovely legs, and small pretty feet. April's were more narrow and
her toes were longer. May's were perfect, looking sweet and tender
enough to melt in her mouth.

     Lisa didn't normally go for the "bald-headed-slave" look, but
in this instance she found the humiliating aspect of it really
turned her on. She wondered what kind of show they were going to be
made to put on for her. She could only hope that it would be cruel
and abusive, because she wanted nothing better at the moment than
to see them both crying.

     Suddenly Leisha picked each one up in turn and sat them on the
table with their legs dangling. The girls just let themselves be
handled. They looked scared, but they were not resisting her at
all. She detached the leashes from the leather collars the girls
were wearing, and removed the shackles from their feet. "Okay, my
little darlin's, it's time to start the show. Come with me."

     May and April slid off the table and moved to where Leisha
pointed. Their hands were still cuffed. Leisha did something that
caused two ropes with hooks on the ends to descend from the
ceiling. The chains from the girls' cuffs were pulled over the
hooks. The hooks themselves snapped back so that the chains could
no longer be pulled free. There was enough slack in the rope so
that the girls' arms were held only half way up above their heads.
They could move around a bit, but they had no where to run.

     Lisa resumed eating her cum-soaked antipasta. She found that
because of where the girls were positioned she could watch the
action easily.

     Leisha was standing on the other side of her charges.
"Normally," she told her audience, "I'd start the show off slow by
having the girls show just how much they care for each other and
having them kiss and stuff. But I'm sure no one's in the mood to
take things slow tonight. I know that you two have a couple of
breeding slaves to go play games with later, and frankly, I don't
blame you. They look like they should be good for a few laughs. So
after I give these little sluts a quick warm up, we're going to go
straight into the main part of the show!"

     Without another word, the large black woman turned and struck
April across the face with the back of her hand. It was a very hard
blow! The poor girl screamed and blood began streaming down her
face from her now broken nose and bruised lips. Grinning fiercely,
Leisha turned to May and punched her hard in the gut. May's cry was
part grunt. Her legs buckled but the rope kept her from collapsing
to the floor. Both sisters were now sobbing.

     Lisa looked down in surprise realizing that she'd emptied her
plate. She looked up at Stephen. Noticing her predicament, he
pressed a small button on the arm of his chair. She heard a faint
ringing sound somewhere off in the distance. Leisha left off with
the girls for a second and came to collect Lisa's empty plate. She
placed it on a tray and carried it to the door. There she was met
by someone Lisa couldn't clearly see. One tray was exchanged for
another and Leisha brought it over to her.

     "Now eat this slow, honey," Leisha admonished her. "I don't
want you interrupting my show again, you hear? At least not till
intermission."

     Lisa nodded automatically and lifted the cover of this new
plate. Then she just stared at its contents. Someone in the kitchen
had a really sick sense of humour. The plate itself stunk like
shit, and looked like it had been subjected to someone's diarrhea.
The food itself was separated from this mess by a bed of lettuce
and consisted of fettucini in a combination of cheese and cum
sauce. So she wasn't going to have to eat any shit. But just the
sight and stink was enough to make her ill.

     Stephen was staring at her. "Is something wrong, my dear?
Don't tell me you don't appreciate the second course? And after
Leisha went through all the trouble of giving herself an enema for
you!" The cruel edge in his voice reminded her of what was expected
of her.

     "No," she lied, "it looks, uh, delicious. I was just
appreciating the, uh, the look of the plate."

     Stephen grinned maliciously. "How fortunate then. That bodes
well for dessert."

     To stall further, Lisa decided to pour herself a drink. She
hadn't got around to it yet because of all the distractions. There
was an open bottle and a ceramic pitcher next to an empty wine
glass. She picked up the bottle and poured some of the contents
into her glass. It was piss. She looked at Stephen who was laughing
at her openly now. She was expected to drink piss with her dinner!

     Almost this was too much for her. She briefly considered
getting up and leaving. But not only would that mean that she would
lose her chance of rising in the company, but it was likely that
she would lose her life as well. She was playing a dangerous game
here. She would have to do it by Stephen's rules. She picked up the
glass and took a small sip.

     It was very salty and acrid. Every sip had to be forced down
and she had to fight to keep it from coming back up. "If that's a
little too much for you straight," Stephen smirked, "that pitcher
contains Leisha's douche water from this morning. It's from the
second rinsing and is only water, so it will be quite potable, if
somewhat, shall we say, less than appealing."

     Not wanting to think about it, Lisa wound some fettucini on
her fork, careful not to disturb the lettuce below them. She didn't
want to contaminate her food with the stuff hiding beneath it. She
put it in her mouth and turned her attention back to the show.

     Leisha was still "warming" the girls up. While Lisa had been
busy with her food, Leisha had picked up a thick leather strap from
somewhere and was plying it vigorously, striking the girls mainly
on their asses and the backs of their thighs.

     Both little angels were screaming in agony. Quite a bit of
blood had run down April's face, making a mess of her front. Now
both girls bore a multitude of red stripes along their lower
halves. But it was not Leisha's intent to prolong this lashing. It
served merely as a prelude. When she was content with the intensity
of their sobs, she threw the strap aside. She reached up between
first April and then May's legs roughly fondling their cunts. Then
she turned to her audience.

     "I think we're ready to begin. When their mother sold these
girls to me I promised her that they would not survive past their
next birthdays. Tonight, I keep that promise."

     So saying, Leisha walked over to the far end of the room and
returned with a pair of two foot high stools. These she set down
before April's feet. Next she fetched a pair of hot plates. She
placed one of these on each stool. She went to fetch something
else. Lisa gasped with pleasure when she saw what it was.

     Between the two stools, Leisha set down a five foot high metal
spike which rested on a wide metal base. There must of been holes
in the floor because she next proceded to bolt the spike's base
down. She then carefully arranged the stools to either side of it.
Then it was time.

     Grinning hugely, Leisha grabbed April by her slender waist.
The young girl was too hysterical from her beating to properly
comprehend what was happening. Leisha handled her like she weighed
nothing. With the flick of a bent elbow, she was able to drape one
of the girl's coltish legs over her shoulder. This allowed her a
clear view of the girl's tender pussy. With great care, she
manouvered the girl over the spike, then began lowering her down
onto it.

     Lisa couldn't take her eyes off the proceding. She couldn't
believe how excited she was! She'd always had fantasies of having
decandent dinners complete with a live torture, and now she was
living it. That the victim was such a young innocent was just the
perfect touch.

     The spike's cold point made contact with the tender outer
folds of the girl's pussy and April's legs jerked prettily. "Calm
down now, girl." Leisha lied to her reassuringly. "Nothing to be
worried about."

     The spike was well over an inch thick and tapered to it's
point over the last half foot of it's length. With a little effort,
Leisha managed to change her grip on April so that she freed a hand
to pry the girl's pussy open. Then she aligned the girl's tight
precious hole with the dangerous iron pole. Then she began easing
April down onto it.

     Now April reacted, but it was too late. She sought to use her
purchase on Leisha's body to pull herself up off the spike. She was
groaning as the spike stretched her pussy. The spike wasn't that
thick, but it was as thick as anything she'd been allowed to take
in there. Leisha shrugged the girl's leg off her shoulder, moving
her a full arms length's away. Now only the strong grip of her large
hands held April up. For a second April kicked her legs in panic.
But as the spike moved inside her, she realized her danger. She
sought some purchase for her feet and found the hot-plates. But she
could barely reach them with her tip-toes.

     Leisha obliged her by carefully lowering her until April could
rest her full weight on the metal surfaces. But this meant that the
girl had already taken four inches of the spike in her pussy! She'd
been lowered onto it so carefully that it had not torn her on the
way in. But there was no way now for her to get it out of her body.
April was suddenly holding very still. She had realized that her
survival depended on keeping her footing. If she fell off the
stool, she would be impaled.

     Lisa had been eating almost mechanically as she watched. The
food wasn't that bad. She was starting to get sick from eating all
that cum. It was so salty! She'd only been given the one glass and
it was full of piss. She was ready to try the douche water, she was
so thirsty. But there was no way she'd be able to pour the piss
back into the wine bottle, and she was sure that if she spilt any,
she'd be in deeper shit than April was. 

     Inspiration struck. She grabbed the pitcher and looked into
it. It was not completely full. Gratefully, she dumped her glass of
piss into it. She swirled the mixture, then poured herself another
glass. She studied it for a short while, then brought it to her lips.

     It still tasted awful. But now at least she could force
herself to drink it. She had only a small amount of pasta left on
her dish. She quickly scooped it up and finished it. Stephen was
already ringing the bell when she looked up.

     He smiled at her and nodded towards the action. "Inspiring is
it not? The best, I've been assured, is yet to come. Leisha, bring
Lisa the next part of her meal."

     Lisa felt her stomach lurch. She decided to take a chance.
"Truly, Master, I'm starting to feel pretty full. I really don't
know how much else I can eat!"

     Stephen raised an eyebrow. "Come, there's only one more course
before dessert is served. You can make room for it! In fact, I
insist!"

     Leisha had come over to fetch her empty plate. "Are you
enjoying the show sweetie? You see how I like to handle you white
girls? You're all such babies, you know. Now wait here while Nanny
Leisha goes to get the main course."

     Lisa fidgeted in her chair as she waited. She turned her
attention back to the girls. May had recovered her senses and was
looking at her sister, a horrified expression on her face. Lisa
found herself licking her lips at the sight. This promised to be
even better than watching Minerva eat Monica had been. At least she
hoped that this time she'd be able to watch it all rather than
being buried between Stephen's legs sucking on his slender stick.

     Leisha returned with another plate. She set it down before the
reluctant blonde and waited. Lisa really didn't want to see what
came next. But she had no choice. She lifted the lid. The steak was
raw and bloody.

     She stared at it incredulously. Then she looked up into
Stephen's cruelly smirking face. She looked back down at the meat.
At least it looked like there was no cum or shit or anything else
like that on it. What was the catch. Suddenly, she wondered where
the heck exactly the meat had come from. There was little she'd put
past Stephen at this point.

     He might have been reading her mind. Or maybe he just read th
pale expression on her face. "I assure you," he said, "that it's
only beef. I saw how much you enjoyed chewing on Monica's raw
nipple this afternoon and figured you might like your meat rare. Or
if it's the lack of a sauce that's bothering you, well if you ask
nicely, you can have some fresh made."

     Lisa sighed, only slightly relieved. She chose her words
carefully, knowing that the wrong thing said now would only
encourage Stephen to do something she wouldn't enjoy. "I appreciate
that, Sir. But I would rather not distract your full attention from
the show. Leisha looks like she's ready to continue."

     Leisha had in fact returned to stand between her victims.
Noting that, Stephen nodded. "Very well then, Lisa. Dig in!"

     Lisa found a knife and began cutting herself a thin slice of
meat. Noticing the salt and pepper shakers before her, she decided
that some spice would make the meat go down better. She gave her
dish a good dose of pepper. But the thought of what she'd have to
drink kept her from making the dish too hot.

     Leisha had knelt down before May. She was running her hands up
and down that young girl's badly bruised body. "Oh, May, you're
such a little doll, you know? Tell Mistress Leisha how much you
love her! You do love me, don't you?"

     May just sobbed. Leisha grabbed hold of her bald head by the
ears and looked right into her pretty brown eyes. "You don't love
Mistress Leisha? Tell me then, pretty May, my little May flower, do
you love your sister? Do you love little April?"

     The poor girl just looked at her with horror. Leisha laughed.
"Well then, do you know what you're going to do? I'm going to free
you, and you are going to go and turn on the hot plates under your
sister's pretty little feet!"

     "No!" May finally spoke. Her voice was a little whimper. "No,
don't make me. I won't do it!"

     Leisha slapped her face hard, making her scream. "Little
bitch! Do you think you have a choice? You will do it! You will beg
me to let you do it! Come on! Beg me! Beg me to let you go turn on
the hot plates!"

     May shook her head in furious denial. "No! Noooo...."

     Leisha grabbed both of the girl's tender nipples and began to
squeeze. "Well then, it seems like you're going to need some
encouraging!" She pulled on the tender pink tissue, twisting them
between her strong fingers. May's face went a fresh shade of red
and the stream of tears began anew.

     Leisha let the nipples go. She stood up and walked to the
room's far end. She returned with a large tool chest. She set that
down next to her young charge and opened it. "See, dear, you've
forced me to get serious with you. If you'd obeyed me to start, I
would have gone easy on you. But you had to force my hand. Now you
pay the price!"

     She took a thick metal plate out of the box and set it on the
floor. She grabbed hold of May's right foot and put it down on the
plate. There were a pair of leather straps attached to it. She
slipped the girl's foot under the first one and pulled the other
one tight behind the ankle. Then she tightened the one that ran
over her foot. The pretty appendage was now locked into place.

     May tried to pull it free. The plate was too cumbersome for
her to do more than just lift it off the ground, and too heavy for
her to hold it up for too long. Leisha pulled a number of short,
thick candles out of the box. Forcing the plate down, she began
sticking the candles between the girl's pretty toes. She ignored
the space between the second and big toes. It would be too easy for
May to squeeze that one out. She concentrated on placing a candle
in each of the other three spaces. May's toes had to be twisted a
little to make it work. It was very uncomfortable. 

     The girl tried to use her other foot to get the candles out,
but Leisha grabbed it and pulled it up behind her body. From
somewhere, she produced a length of rope which she looped around
the girl's ankle. She passed the other end of the rope over the
hook holding the girl's arms up and tied it off there. Now May
couldn't really even raise her other foot as she had no leverage
at all. 

     Satisfied at how things were going, Leisha bent back down to
her box. She pulled out a can of lighter fluid. Careful not to get
any on the candles, she began gently squeezing some out onto the
girl's pretty foot, making sure to soak it substantially. Then she
ran the tip of the can up the girl's calf and around her thigh.

     Putting it away, she grabbed a lighter and looked into May's
terrified eyes. "Are you sure you'd rather not turn on the hot
plate?" When May failed to do anything but sob, Leisha shrugged.
"Fine. Then we're going to play a game. It's sort of a game of
chicken. I'm going to light those candles. They're going to start
to melt. Now I'm sure you'll have no problem dealing with the hot
wax that'll drip on your feet. But what happens when the flames
reach down to your flesh? Ah, then the lighter fluid will ignite.
The fire will run right up your pretty little leg! And in case you
think that the lighter fluid will have evaporated by then, well,
don't worry. I'll replace it if it does. This is your last chance
to reconsider before the game begins. Agree to turn on the hot
plates now, and you will be spared for the rest of the evening.
No? Very well!"

     Leisha reached down, flicked on the lighter, and lit the three
candles. When they were all flickering merrily away, she drew back.
"There. Now all we have to do is wait. But wait! Maybe you just
really can't imagine how much it will hurt when your leg catches
fire! Well then! I'll just have to show you!"

     With a cruel laugh, the big black woman reached into her bag
of tricks and pulled out yet another candle. "This will be so
appropriate! I'll be snuffing this out on you unless you agree to
help me snuff your sister! Yes! Let's begin, shall we?"

     Lisa found that she was so involved in the action that she
could ignore the taste of the meat. She kept cutting, chewing and
swallowing while she held her breath and watched the drama unfold.
This was truly as much a play as it was a torture session. It was
art, that was what it was!

     Leisha lit the candle. Standing up, she slowly walked behind
her victim. She held the candle up over May's bald head and tilted
it. Hot wax splashed down onto the tender skin. May screamed. Her
whole body jerked. One of the candles between her toes started to
slip out and fall over.



Author's Note (part 2)

Well, you've been waiting for it. What did you think? An inquiring
mind wants to know. (the author too!) 

I sort of apologize for the cliff-hanger ending. Well, no I don't.
The sooner Mr B  sends me part two of Smfish, the sooner I'll get
around to resolving this.

To the rest of you that have been uploading stories, great work
guys.

To the medical person working on the Julie series. I'd like to get
in touch with you by private mail. Send private mail to MrB and ask
him for my alias. Then write me with yours.


I don't know where the comments left off. So upload any new
comments as  Sndcom**.   where ** is the number from 1 to whatever.


MrB and Anon are free, of course, to send me private mail. 


Till Sunder08


...............anon-sk.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
For the largest collection of S/M, B/D & Spanking text

LEATHER ROSE BBS (312) 665-0111   14.4 Kb  V42 (PC PERSUITABLE)
We can be reached from over 1000 local phone numbers
-----------------------------------------------------------------------




[Warning!!  This is the most graphically violent chapter of Sunder
yet. The story deals with hard S&M and other unsavoury topics.
Anyone who might be offended by such is warned to delete this file
now.

These stories are only fantasy. The author in no way endorses the
actions of any of the characters. Most of them are truly sick human
beings and I try to highlight that. Don't try any of this stuff at
home.]



CHAPTER EIGHT


Danielle


     The sensory chair locked back into the viewing position.
Danielle shivered as she waited for the screen to come back on. At
least she would be more comfortable now that the dildo had been
removed from her mouth. She still had the ones in her other holes,
but they didn't hurt quite as much as the one that had been stuffed
down her throat. 

     The wires attached to all erogenous zones started sending
fleeting impulses of pleasure through her body, in preparation for
the next scene. Right on cue, the screen came alive. She still
couldn't believe how bright and vivid the images were. It almost
felt like she could reach into the picture and touch someone.

     The setting this time was a large, brightly lit cell or
dungeon area. The camera panned over the grey stone walls then came
to rest on a bound figure. It was a very young man. Well, he was
more of a boy than a man. Danielle judged him to be maybe fifteen
or sixteen. He was suspended naked from the ceiling, his legs
spread in a manner that Danielle was quickly becoming familiar
with. Iron cuffs were locked tightly around his wrists and ankles.
His hands and feet were slightly purple because of this. He was
gagged with a rubber ball. Danielle found herself sympathizing.

     The scene, though, was not what she'd been expecting. The
emphasis so far had been so completely on women that seeing a bound
male left her momentarily confused. She heard Adelle chuckle from
somewhere behind her head.

     "Surprised?" her mistress asked her. "Sandy, pause the tape
just a second." The picture froze. Adelle leaned over her so that
she could look into her eyes. "You see," Adelle explained, "just
because I've so little use for the male of the species, I don't expect
that all my subjects must be raving lesbians. While I train all my
slaves to respond strongly to women, I do not seek to break any
hetero or bi tendencies they already have. Actually, I prefer it if
some of my slaves are bisexual. There are times I like to watch a
man and woman make love. I also like having female slaves that are
completely straight so I can forcibly rape them. I get off on the
horror I cause them by doing that. And I also have my completely
lesbian slaves raped by men from time to time. It makes true man-
haters out of them."

     Adelle paused and came around to stand in front of the chair
so that Danielle could feast her eyes on the cruel young woman's
beautiful face and perfect breasts. "However, it is necessary that
all women learn how to take charge of men from time to time and
enjoy it. They should learn that causing a man pain can be almost
as much fun as torturing another woman. They should not fear men
simply because they are men. They should not hesitate to do what
they want with them."

     "Look at him," Adelle commanded, moving out of the way of the
screen. Danielle obediently focused on the stilled image. "He's a
handsome young buck, isn't he?"

     The boy was very attractive, Danielle thought. He was a not
very tall, maybe five six or seven, and slight of build, but while
he was not bulky, but he was all muscle. He had short, wavy black hair
and a face like a teen idol. He wasn't very hairy. Actually there
could almost have been something feminine about him. But there was
no mistaking his sex. While it was hard to determine how large his
shrivelled penis would be when erect, he had a very large pair of
balls dangling so very temptingly between his bound legs.

     "Watch," said Adelle, "and learn. Sandy, start the tape."

     The action resumed. Suddenly, two young girls entered the
picture in the company of an older woman. Danielle didn't recognize
any of them. But when the girls giggled and spoke, she recognized
their voices. They were the girls that had put the pins in her
feet, and that had then helped her into the room!

     She found herself admiring their youthful naked bodies and was
briefly ashamed. What was happening to her? Had she suddenly become
a pedophile? They were still children! Okay, she had to admit that
for children they had nicely-developed little bodies. But still! It
wasn't right for her to be turned on by girls that were barely into
their teens! What kind of pervert was she being turned into?

     In an effort to tear her eyes away from the charming young
sexpots, she focused on their adult companion. No doubt, she
thought, this was another of Adelle's "slave-trainers" or
something. This one was a tall, statuesque blonde with a really
sweet girl-next-door face. She looked like the kind of woman that
would have been a cheerleader in her teenage years. Danielle
guessed her to be in her middle twenties, perhaps twenty five. She
was about five foot nine or ten. Most of that was due to her long
legs. They weren't slender legs either, being well padded around
the thighs.

     Danielle was surprised at how much more she noticed about the
female form all of the sudden. She found herself picking up every
detail. The woman wore her honey-coloured hair shoulder length, and
had twinkling blue eyes with a mischievous mouth that just seemed
to water whenever she glanced at the bound boy. Her breasts,
Danielle judged, probably could have stood a little enhancement.
They weren't that small. They just looked that way on her frame.
She had a lush middle and looked like she could stand to lose five
or six pounds too. But it was not an unpleasant effect. Her hips
were wide and her behind was well-rounded. Her shaved pubes were
chubby and concealed all her inner pink charms.

     The tall blonde trainer reached walked up to the dangling boy
and reached out a hand to stroke his belly. She smiled when she
noticed the twitch in his cock. She turned to face the two young
girls. "Okay, Pam and Nina, this is Simon. He's your living sex
doll. And this," she said reaching between the spread legs and
fondling the flaccid cock, "is Simon's peter." Pam giggled at the
joke. Nina looked more than just a tiny bit uncomfortable.

     "Do you know what it is you're going to be learning today?"
the tall blonde trainer asked her petite students.

     Nina shrugged. Pam smiled a dazzlingly cute little smile. "How
to suck cock, Mistress Jane?"

     Jane laughed. She had a high, girlish laugh, totally out of
character with her position, Danielle thought. "No, my little slut.
True, you're going to have to learn how to suck a cock. You're also
going have to learn how to use your hands and tits to make a guy
feel good." Nina made a face. Jane noticed and grinned. "But not
today. Today you're going to learn how to make a man hurt, and
you're going to learn to like it! Doesn't that sound yummy?"

     Pam nodded and licked her thick, pouty lips. The idea seemed
to fire her youthful imagination. Nina seemed a less enthusiastic.
Jane laughed. "Do I detect a budding young lesbian here? What's the
matter dear, don't you like men? Or does the idea of hurting him
turn you off?"

     Nina looked up at her for a long moment, then shrugged. "I'm
sorry mistress, but he reminds me a little bit of my brother. I
know I shouldn't let that bother me, but it does. And yes,
mistress, I do like girls better, especially pretty ones like you!"

     Jane laughed. "Flattery will get you everywhere, but never for
long! You have to understand, Nina, that Mistress Adelle owns you,
and she will, from time to time, lend you out as a toy. Sometimes
she will lend you to women, and sometimes to men. Some of them will
have sex with you, and others will just torture you. Sometimes they
will do both. Some men, or women for that matter, will want you to
play the part of the "slutty innocent". Others will want you to be
the totally submissive slave. And, sometimes, they will want you to
play the nasty, cruel little-girl-dominatrix and either be their
mistress for a few hours, or else help them in torturing someone
else. That victim could be a boy or a girl. You have to be ready to
handle whatever comes up! Now you don't have to like men. Being a
girl-lover is fine. Some of the men you'll be given to will
appreciate forcing themselves on a budding young lesbian. But you
do have to know how to make them cream, and also how to make them
scream."

     Jane turned to the bound young man who was watching this whole
thing with frightened eyes. She smiled at what she saw. In spite of
his fear, there was no doubt he found the sight of the naked woman
and two naked young girls irresistible. His penis had grown erect
and was now jutting out close to seven inches. He was not very
thick, but then he was young yet, and perhaps had not fully
developed.

     He certainly had nothing to be ashamed of, Danielle thought to
herself. She found herself becoming aroused once again. She was
gratified that she could still respond sexually to the male form.
She had been afraid that this training would allow her to become
aroused only by women or something. She would have missed the feel
of a warm cock in her pussy, or a jet of cum on her tongue. She had
never been a really kinky lover, but she'd always had a taste for
sex that was a little on the dirty side.

     On the screen, Jane was reaching out to fondle Simon's
scrotum. She cupped his balls in her large but delicate hand,
hefting them experimentally. Simon's cock twitched as it tried to
grow bigger. "Notice how he likes this." she said to her charges.
"Most men get a kick out of being sized up by a woman. Not all of
them would admit to it however. Try it. Take his tool in hand and
play with it as if you're checking it for size."

     They did as they were told, first Pam and then Nina. Each took
her turn at placing a petite hand under the boy's balls and
stroking his now huge erection with the fingers of the other. Pam
seemed to be getting a real kick out of it. Nina acted like she
just wanted to get the whole thing over with. Before she could let
go, however, Jane walked up behind her and told her to wait.

     "There's another way to handle a male organ I want you to
learn. You treat it like it belongs to you and you don't care for
it much! Do the same thing that you were doing before. This time
though, use your fingers to actually grab each of his balls as if
you're trying to figure out how big they are, and give them a
careless little squeeze."

     Pam came to stand right next to her little friend looking on
almost jealously as Nina did as she was told. Jane watched the
girl's performance critically. She shook her head at what she saw.
"No, you silly little bitch! That's not what I meant! When I said
to squeeze his balls carelessly, I meant squeeze them like you
don't care if it hurts him or not."

     Pam looked up at her mistress. "May I try please?"

     Jane smiled at the cute little girl's eagerness. "Of course!
It's your lesson too!"

     Pam took her place before the throbbing purple cock and
reached out with her pretty little hands. With her left, she took
a firm grip on the rigid organ. With her right, she grabbed his
balls. Danielle couldn't tell exactly what she did, but the bound
boy suddenly jerked, his eyes going wide. Jane laughed and Pam
giggled, pleased by this reaction.

     "Very good, Pam. You seem to be a natural when it comes to cocks!"

     Pam smiled and did it again. The boy moaned into his gag, his
eyes starting to water. Pam ran her tongue over her lips, turned on
by her sudden power. 

     Pam would have continued hurting the poor boy, but Jane gently
put her hand on the girl's shoulder and pulled her back. "Very
good, dear! You deserve a reward. You may kiss my pussy."

     Danielle smiled. The look on Pam's face made it clear she's
much rather have kept squeezing on the boy's balls. But she
obediently went to her knees before the tall woman, who had to
squat a bit to bring her pussy down to the young girl's mouth. Jane
sighed, a blissful smile adorning her features. The scene certainly
didn't lessen the dangling boy's aroused state. His cock, which had
lost a little rigour while Pam had teased his balls, reared to its
full extension once again.

     Jane looked across at Nina. "You must learn to enjoy abusing
cocks. I want you stand in front of Simon. Go ahead. Now I want you
to make a fist." She panted as she spoke. Pam was obviously
talented with more than just cocks. Danielle felt a stirring in her
own privates. It didn't feel like it was due to the chair. "Now
punch him in the balls!"

     Nina closed her little hand into a fist. She drew it back
uncertainly. Danielle understood her hesitation. Up until this
morning she would have felt the same. But she found she wanted to
see it happen. She wanted the little girl to punch the helpless boy
in the groin. She found herself wishing she were in Nina's place.
After having been the victim all day, she would get a real kick out
of something like that!

     With her head half turned away, her eyes almost shut, Nina
jabbed her fist up into Simon's balls. As punches went, it was a
real dud. It was a very girlish blow to start with, clumsily
launched. At the last second it veered slightly off target so that
she only glanced the boy's scrotum. Of course it still hurt. Simon
gasped into his gag, and his legs pulled against his restraints as
they tried to curl up to protect his vulnerable privates. But all
in all, it wasn't even painful enough to make the boy lose his
erection.

     Jane certainly wasn't impressed. "Girl, you are beginning to
annoy me! Why can't you be more like you're little friend here? I
bet she'd love to have a chance to lay into that boy's crotch." She
looked down into Pam's upturned eyes. They almost begged her to be
given the chance. Jane smiled. "Don't worry dear. Finish the job
you're doing on my cunt and I'll let you use those pretty little
feet of yours on him!"

     Pam resumed sucking cunt with even greater enthusiasm. Jane
sucked in a breath as the girl's tongue found a particularly
responsive zone. The tall woman closed her eyes for a moment to
more fully savour the moment. When she turned her attention once
more on Nina, her face was flushed, her breathing rapid and
shallow, and it was clear she was close to orgasm. 

     "One more chance, little bitch!" she half whispered. "I want
to hear him scream to help me cum. Make it good or you'll be the
one screaming!"

     Nina looked at the exposed cock and balls and it was clear she
really didn't want anything to do with them. Again she made a fist,
but neither her heart nor her groin was in it. There was no
authority in her stance. She threw an uppercut, shutting her eyes
as she did. All she hit was Simon's thigh.

     Danielle had been watching with mounting excitement. While she
wouldn't admit it to herself, she had wanted to see the blow
connect. When it didn't happen, she found herself getting angry
with Nina. If she were in Jane's place, she would teach the little
bitch a real lesson!

     From what happened next, Jane had the same idea. She'd been
riding Pam's face to orgasm, expecting Simon's suffering to trigger
her come. The let-down left her frustrated. "Come here you little
bitch!" She yelled at the young girl. "Now! Right now! Kneel!"

     Nina went white with fear, and timidly did as ordered. She
slowly walked over to where Jane was squatting, and went to her
knees, eyes on the floor.

     "Look at me!" Jane snarled. "What's so fucken hard about
hitting someone between the legs? Nothing! That's what! I'll show
you! Spread 'em! Spread those knees and lean back!"

     As Nina followed orders, Jane got up off Pam's face, moved in
front of her, brought her foot back, and drove it between the
girl's spread legs. She hit Nina so hard, the young girl was
knocked onto her back.

     Nina screamed, her hands moving down to clutch her battered
cunt. Jane knelt astraddle her head, grabbed her by the ears, and
pulled the face up against her crotch. "You like women so much?
Here then! Suck on this! Pam?"

     Pam did a little bow, playing the favourite and liking it.
"Yes, Mistress?"

     "Hit Simon in the balls for me! Hard! I need it to make me cum!"

     Danielle felt the stimulation in all her sensitive areas
increase. But she hardly needed the chair to arouse her at this
point. She wanted to see Simon squirm as much as Jane did. She held
her breath as saucy little Pam sauntered over to the bound boy. The
little girl seemed as eager to go through with this order as Nina
had been to avoid it. She reached out first to fondle the cock. It
twitched in her hand. She leaned over and kissed it right on the
tip. Then she took half a step back, made a fist, and punched the
boy hard right in the nuts.

     Simon's face went from red to purple, becoming a mask of pure
anguish as waves of pain shot through him. He jerked so hard
against his bondage he was in danger of dislocating his joints. His
cries were so frenzied not even the gag could muffle them.

     Danielle felt a surge of pleasure shoot through her body. It
was due to the chair. But she didn't mind. She cheered it on! She
needed to come really bad right away. She didn't care if it was
natural or induced.

     On screen, Jane was going through the same thing. She was
panting hard, grinding her groin into Nina's sobbing face. She
wasn't being the least bit gentle with the girl either, moving off
her from time to time only to slap her hard. Her eyes were focused
on the suffering youth. "Again, Pam! Hit him again!"

     "Yes!" Danielle muttered to herself. She felt the pleasure in
her groin peaking. She was so close to coming! "Do it, bitch! Do
it!" She didn't realize she was saying it out loud. She didn't see
Adelle raise her eyebrow in pleased surprise as the blond mistress
read the intensity of Danielle's response on her monitors.

     Pam hit Simon again, just as hard. She took her time because
the boy was squirming so much. She wanted to make sure she hit him
just right. As the victim began thrashing about in renewed agony,
Jane ground herself down extra hard on Nina's face and came.
Danielle felt a sharp shock go through her pussy, and she came as
well.

     It was a long, intense orgasm. The leads attached to her body
kept feeding her pleasure centres, extending the sensations she was
feeling. She didn't fight it. She just lay back and enjoyed it all.
When it finally ended, and she returned her attention to the
screen, she realized that she must have missed a bit of the action.

     Jane was no longer astride Nina, and Nina was no longer lying
on the floor. Instead, the sexy young girl was standing against a
wall with her legs spread wide and her pretty ass jutting out. Jane
was sticking a wired dildo up into the girl's tight asshole. Nina
was squealing as the cold metal was forced inside her. A second
wire dangled from her pussy, evidence that another dildo had
already been inserted there. Pam was lying on her stomach kissing
and licking Jane's feet. Every so often she looked at what was
being done to Nina and giggled.

     "You had your chance, you little bitch," Jane was saying to
Nina. "You blew it good. Now you're going to get a little extra
special training. That dildo in your pussy is a pleasure inducer.
The one up your ass will induce pain. Once turned on, it will do
that continuously, the pain building in intensity until the cycle
is interrupted. The only way to interrupt it is to trigger the
pleasure dildo."

     She gently kicked Pam's face away from her, took the wires
dangling from the girl's bottom and plugged them into a machine.
She took another set of wires already attached to the device, and
moved over to the dangling Simon. "What I'm going to do is attach
these feed-back sensors to Simon's groin." She began taping the
wires to the inside of the boy's thighs. "They will pick up only
high intensity stimuli, which in this case means pain. They could
also be triggered by pleasure, but that would be much harder to do.
The dildo in your pussy can only be made to go off by triggering
Simon's sensors. In other words, the pain in your ass will keep
getting worse until you hurt Simon. But when you do hit him, the
pain will stop, and be replaced by pleasure."

     "Now even with your aversion to touching his cock, this set up
could be too easy. Well, you've lost your chance at an easy escape,
so we'll have to make the game more interesting, won't we?"

     Jane fetched two pair of steel cuffs. She bent down and cuffed
Nina's ankles together. There was only three inches of chain
between them, making it hard, but not impossible, for the girl to
shuffle about. Then Jane cuffed the girl's hands behind her back.
She stood back to look at her slave. "Hm, almost ready! Just a
couple of more touches."

     The tall blonde vixen fetched a helmet that seemed made of
stiffened leather. She brought it over to Nina and showed her the
inside. Short metal nails jutted out. Smiling, Jane carefully
placed it onto Nina's head. "Hold still or these nails will hurt
you bad!" She laughed as she gently pressed the helmet down until
Nina, feeling the metal points against her scalp, gasped.

     Then Jane passed a strap under Nina's chin and buckled it
fairly tightly. The result was that the pretty girl couldn't even
open her mouth in comfort because moving her jaws pulled the nails
down against her head. Still, considering how she was bound, it
seemed that her mouth might be the easiest part of her body to use
on Simon. She could always nibble on him hard!

     "Now there are just two more rules. If you try to hurt him the
same way more than once, you will be penalized. Not only will I
keep the pain dildo from turning off during that time, but you will
receive extra jolts of pain equal in number to the times you tried
the same torture again. Do you understand me?"

     Nina nodded miserably. Jane turned to look at Pam. "The second
rule is that Pam will be whipping you the whole time. Here Pam,
take this." Jane handed Pam a slender birch rod. "You can hit her
anywhere except on the face, and you can hit her as hard as you
like! The session will continue for at least a half hour. I hope
you don't get tired before then!" Jane told her eager little helper.

     Jane walked over to the machine, and began setting the
switches. She looked at Nina, a cruel grin on her face, and said,
"Let's begin."

     Danielle was watching the scene intently. Jane pressed a
switch. Nina jerked and screamed as the dildo in her ass began to
hurt her. Suddenly, there was a severe pain in Danielle's own ass!
The dildo lodged in her behind felt like it was burning her
sphincter muscles. Danielle screeched!

     Her pain was mirroring what Nina had felt, she realized! After
the initial shock, she realized that while it hurt a lot, it was
nothing like the agonies she'd already had to endure that day. She
could not block the pain out, but she could resist it.

     On screen, Nina was having a harder time coping with her own
torture. In part that was because she also had to deal with Pam
caning her. The plump little tart was happily bringing the slender
birch rod down hard onto Nina's body. There was no particular
target for her blows. She landed them on Nina's back, her breasts,
belly, hips, and thighs. For the first few minutes, Nina just
curled up into a ball and took them.

     Then the ass-pain got worse. Danielle stiffened in her own
bondage. It felt like the flesh of her anus was being melted away.
"Fuck! Fuck you! Get up and hurt him, bitch!" she yelled at the
figure on the screen. Her only hope, she realized, was if the
mirror pain she was feeling would also stop if Nina's stopped. The
only way Nina's would stop was if she would hurt the damned boy!

     The increased pain was too much for Nina to just lie down and
take. She rolled to her knees and struggled to her feet. Walking in
a half crouch, her stomach cramped by the searing pain shooting
through her, she moved to stand before the dangling young man. Her
eyes focused on his crotch.
     For a second, she wasn't sure what she was going to do. She
just stood there looking at her intended victim. Pam took the
opportunity to land some vicious blows on her full, tight ass. Then
as Danielle mentally cursed her to do something, Nina slipped a
shoulder underneath the boy's dangling balls and drove it upwards
as hard as she could.

     Even as young Simon screamed into his gag, Danielle felt the
burning in her ass subside and a wonderful sensation fill her
pussy. In fact, her ass felt completely undamaged! She'd sort of
known that it was unlikely any real damage was being done to her,
but it had hurt so much that she had begun to worry! Now though it
felt like hundreds of wet cool tongues were licking her pussy
simultaneously, bringing her delightfully close to an orgasm.

     On screen, Nina had closed her eyes and was savouring her own
reprieve. Jane had made Pam pause the caning as well. She wanted
Nina to appreciate what hurting the boy had done for her so that
she would be less hesitant the next time.

     Danielle had just started to wonder if they'd be allowed to
come when the pleasure suddenly ended and the pain in her ass
resumed. Again it started slowly. She looked up at the screen and
hoped that Nina wouldn't wait so long to act this time around.

     Nina seemed unsure of what to do next. They way she was bound
limited her options, as did the height at which the boy was hung.
She seemed to think about using her mouth, but as she drew close,
the idea apparently repulsed her, and she drew back. Pam started
striking her again, this time raising lovely red welts all over
Nina's slender calves.

     Danielle was praying that Nina would do something before the
pain reached the next stage of intensity. Nina finally did. She
turned around and backed up against the bound boy. She bent forward
and reached up with her bound hands. Taking the boys testicles in
her pretty little fingers, she gave them a nasty squeeze.

     Both she and Danielle sighed in relief. The pain disappeared.
The pleasure resumed. This time it was a little more intense as
well. It brought Danielle a little closer to orgasm. But again it
ended too soon, leaving her feeling cheated.

     This time, when the pain started again, Nina didn't hesitate
at all. She lay down on the floor and stretched her legs up between
the boy's legs. With a little effort she was able to kick her feet
up into his groin, and the torture ceased before it had fully begun.

     But Danielle suddenly realized something else. This scene was
going to be lasting a while, and there were only so many ways Nina
could hurt the boy. It would be wiser perhaps for the girl to take
her time between each little torture. The first level of dildo pain
was not hard to resist. If she waited until just after the
intensity shot up, she could use up more of the clock.

     Nina didn't figure that out. Perhaps it was because Pam had
not stopped caning her this time, and the added discomfort was too
distracting. She was being hurt and yet immensely turned on at the
same time, and her thoughts were completely confused.

     The moment the pain began again, Nina reached up with her feet
and trapped the boy's balls between her big toes. She squeezed them
together. Apparently, this did count as a unique torture because
she was not penalized.

     In the midst of another hazy bout of pleasure, Danielle
focused her attention on Jane. The tall blond bitch was fingering
herself with one hand and playing with her breasts with the other.
She was concentrating on Simon's agony and discomfort, apparently
incredibly turned on by that spectacle.

     Danielle didn't blame her. The handsome young buck was
dripping with sweat as he spasmed in his bondage. His face was red
and purple, tears pouring down his livid cheeks. His cock had
shrivelled from all the abuse, but still hung down half hard. He
had been teased so much just before the tortures had begun that he
could not get it completely down without relief, no matter what was
done to him.

     Pam had knelt before Nina's ass as the slender girl had raised
her legs up, and during the time Nina had squeezed Simon's balls,
Pam had managed to guide her birch rod down onto the girl's tender
shaved pussy. Nina yelped, but the pleasure dildo had set off again
then, and the sensation of the blow also transformed to pleasure.

     Now though Nina was running out of ideas. She rolled back onto
her feet just as the pain dildo in her ass kicked back in. She
moved in front of Simon and just stood there. Now perhaps she
realized what Danielle had already figured out. She seemed to brace
herself to resist the agony in her behind for as long as it took.

     Pam moved in behind her and began lashing the back of her
thighs and the tender spot behind the knees. She, at least, seemed
to be having a wonderful time. She put every part of her body into
each swing, her full breasts swinging around wildly and looking
cute and sexy.

     The ass pain reached the next highest intensity. Danielle
howled and silently wished for the figure on the screen to make her
move. Nina must really have hated the thought of using her mouth
because she head-butted Simon instead. This was in spite of the
nails lining the inside of her head-gear.

     Danielle had to commend her courage, even as she watched the
slender girl fall to the floor in agony. She was glad that she was
not wired up to Nina's head! As she watched, a tiny single rivulet
of blood trickled out from beneath the helmet and ran down the
girl's forehead. Danielle thought it looked very sexy. She also
realized she no longer cared if it was sick of her to think
something like that!

     The ass pain was well into the second level of intensity
before Nina recovered her wits again. Danielle was no longer upset
with her. The girl was certainly doing her best! The only thing
that Danielle could think of now was for Nina to bite him.

     Nina was thinking the same thing. With tears of surrender in
her eyes, she brought her mouth down close to the young man's
member. She carefully opened it and choking back a sob, she sucked
an inch of the boy's half hard penis into her mouth. Then she bit
it. She bit it so hard that she drew blood!

     "Yes!" Jane shrieked, as she rubbed herself fiercely. "Fuck
yes! That's gorgeous! Shit, I'm going to cum!"

     Danielle herself now felt so proud of Nina. The girl had come
through. She'd fought her own revulsion and down what had needed
doing! But there was still time to run on the clock! What could she
do for an encore?

     At least Jane was so pleased at Nina's progress that she
ordered Pam to stop caning her. "That's enough now, dear," she
sighed. "The little slut has enough to occupy her attention for the
next ten or fifteen minutes. Why don't you come eat me and see if
you can get me off again before this is over?"

     Pam did as she was told, reluctantly putting down the whip and
coming to kneel before Jane's very wet pussy. She daintily began
licking away, trying her best to look cute and adorable while doing
it. Jane grabbed a handful of her hair, gave her a sharp slap
across the face, sighed, and pulled her back against her hot pussy.

     Nina was licking the blood from her lips. When the pain in her
ass started again, she braced herself and held out as long as she
could. She was a very erotic sight now. There were few spots on her
tender young body that were not decorated with angry red welts. In
a few spots she showed signs of bruising, a testament to the force
with which Pam had hit her.

     When Nina could no longer hold out, she moved her face below
Simon's balls. She slowly opened her mouth. Danielle smiled,
excited. Off course! Biting the boy's cock and biting his balls was
not the same thing! God! She couldn't wait to see this!

     As Danielle had guessed she would, Nina sucked one of the
large testicles into her mouth. She seemed to be trying to
manoeuvre it between her molars. When she had it where she wanted,
she paused as if to give Jane time to realize what was going to
happen. 

     Jane began panting. She wasn't the only one to catch on to
what was going to happen. Simon began squirming. His muffled whines
were unmistakably pleas for mercy! But Nina had been pushed past
the point of mercy. The only thing that mattered to her now was
surviving the pain she was feeling, and perhaps enjoying the reward
of the pleasure this act would give her.

     Nina bit down hard on Simon's ball.

     She used her tongue and some suction to hold him in place, and
with all her resolve, she crushed the boy's testicle. Simon's eyes
rolled up till only the whites showed. His entire body spasmed,
then he mercifully passed out. Nina continued grinding her teeth
over the grisly nugget of flesh till only a mashed pulp remained.
Then she pulled her mouth away, and spat a thick wad of blood onto
the floor. Some of the thick spittle refused to break away and
splashed against her chin, from there dripping down onto her breasts.

     Jane was in ecstasy! The scene was enough to make her come
again. As she abandoned herself to her pleasures, she pulled Pam's
face from her pussy and began smacking it with her closed fist
until blood ran from Pam's nose and mouth. Then she threw the now
sobbing little girl to the floor.

     "Congratulations, Nina! You've just passed your test. For that
last performance, I'm ending your torture now." She turned off the
pain machine. Back in the sensory room, Danielle sighed her relief
that she would not be made to feel that awful ass-pain again!

     Then Jane walked over to the unconscious boy and put out a
hand to feel his out his bloody scrotum. What she found made her
eyes go wide with delight! "Oh shit dear! You've ruined him!" She
was smiling broadly as she said this. "We're going to have to find
a new boy if you're going to have your cock-sucking lessons. This
one's never going to be able to use his to its fullest again!" She
fondled the bitten member. "It's a shame to let him keep it now
that it's no good for anything any more. It will only serve to
remind him of what he lost. Let's get rid of it for him!"

     As her excitement mounted, out of the corner of her eye,
Danielle saw Sandy signal Adelle. "Mistress, shall I stop the tape
now?"

     "No," Adelle replied. "She's really into this scene. Let's let
her enjoy the end of it and we can call it quits for tonight! She's
come so far so fast, I think we can call the evening a success."

     Danielle returned her attention to the scene in time to see
Jane fetch what appeared to be a really sharp scalpel. At the same
time, she felt the instruments she was wired to begin stimulating
her with pleasure in all her sensitive areas, her breasts, her ass,
her pussy, even in her toes! 

     Jane had also fetched a small bottle which she now opened and
waved under Simon's nose. With a muffled screech, the boy came back
to consciousness. As he began to remember where he was and what had
happened to him, Jane fetched a large mirror. She positioned it
before him so that he could see what had been done to his crotch.

     Simon didn't really need the mirror to know that he'd been
severely wounded, but the pain had been so intense that some part
of his brain had shut off and he could no longer really feel his
crotch. What he saw made him try to howl into his gag. This time
all his jerking around made him pop his shoulder joint. This new
pain almost knocked him out again.

     "Pam," Jane said, unable to keep her extreme excitement from
her voice, "since Nina got to have all the fun so far, why don't
you do the honours? Take the scalpel and cut off his dick!"

     Pam quickly crawled over to where the scalpel lay at Jane's
feet. She picked it up almost reverently, then moved to kneel
before Simon's bloodied crotch. As Danielle watched, her artificial
ecstasy threatening to overwhelm her, Pam smiled and took the tip
of Simon's penis between her cute fingers and pulled the pathetic
worm of flesh out as far from his body as it would go. Then she put
the scalpel to its base and with one quick flick of the wrist, she
sliced it off.

     Blood began to pour forth in great quantities from that wound.
Simon passed out once again. Jane made no effort to either awaken
him, or to staunch the flow. Instead she knelt down next to Pam and
kissed the pretty girl full on the mouth. She took the scalpel from
her hand and used it to slit the bottom of Simon's scrotum. With
deft and practised fingers, she fished out the still intact testicle.

     Danielle was panting from the intense pleasure she was being
made to feel now. As she watched with morbid fascination, Jane cut
the ball free and held it in front of her face. "Do you know," the
blond mistress said to her young charges, "that in some countries
the testicles of an animal are held to be a great delicacy? I don't
see why the human animal's should be any different!"

     The last thing Danielle saw before she exploded with a senses-
shattering orgasm, a scene that would haunt her sleep for weeks
giving her eerily delicious dreams, was Jane popping the severed
testicle into her mouth and eating it. Then the machine-made
pleasure coursing through her reached an intensity greater than
she could handle. Even as she came, she passed out.


Lisa


     As Lisa caught her breath, Leisha reacted instantly. She
reached out with her foot and with a slap of her toes, she put out
the candle that was slipping free of May's own tiny digits. "Now
now dearie," she purred at the sobbing May. "We don't want to
fricassee you before you've had a fair chance to give in, do we?"

     She knelt down and quickly put the tiny candle back into
position. Then she relit it with the one she held in her hand. The
other two candles were still burning merrily away, and were
starting to drip wax down onto May's tender foot. Leisha waited to
see what May's reaction would be and whether she would have to keep
the girl from being prematurely roasted yet again. 

     But May was not stupid. She knew how close she'd come to being
severely hurt! When the hot wax began reaching her toes, she took
a deep breath and held it, clenching her teeth tightly. Her foot
twitched in its restraint, and she gasped slightly. However, the
wax cooled as it ran down the candle, and while it stung, it was
not a serious pain.

     Satisfied that everything was under control, Leisha smiled and
got to her feet. She prepared to resume tormenting the pretty
little bitch.

     Lisa looked down at her plate. Her rare steak was more than
half finished. She sighed, wryly wondering what other wonderful
surprise she would get for dessert.

     Leisha brought the candle to the back of May's neck and began
dripping wax onto it. She held the candle close so the wax couldn't
cool on the way down. May gasped and tried to move her head away.
From what Lisa could see, it looked like the candle's flame was
uncomfortably close to the back of May's skull.

     "No, please, no!" May sobbed. "Stop it, Mistress, you're
hurting me!" Leisha ignored her.

     Instead, the cruel black mistress put the candle out against
the tender scruff of May's neck. The little darling let out a high-
pitched squeal and began sobbing with renewed vigour. Leisha
brought her nose close to the burn and sniffed it. "Ah, now there's
a truly delicate aroma," she drawled lovingly. "Even better than
the smell of fresh coffee!"

     Lisa smiled briefly. She was beginning to like Leisha just a
little. Not that she'd stopped finding the big black woman
intimidating, but she was starting to appreciate her sense of
style. Perhaps when she got her promotion, Lisa thought, the two of
them could work together and form a good team. Leisha would make a
good right-hand woman. Lisa wondered if Stephen would let her have her.

     Leisha relit the candle. She brought it before May's face.
"Let me tell you some more about your choices, little bitch. It's
still not too late for you to take the easy way out. I'm going to
keep torturing you with this candle until you either agree to help
me, or until the lighter fluid ignites and you go up in flames.
Once things go past a certain point, it will be too late for you."

     Leisha paused for effect. "In a way I hope you continue to say
no. I'm going to enjoy burning you. I'm going to roast those tasty
little nipples of yours. You're never going to see them reach their
full female maturity! You're never going to know how good it feels
to have them sucked on and nibbled. Then I'm going to mark the rest
of those pretty titties and your luscious belly. I'll toast your
ass cheeks and put the candle out against your asshole. Then I'll
work on your little pussy."

     She paused again. "Are you going to continue to resist? Won't
you reconsider? I'll set you free. All you have to do is turn on
the hot plates!"

     "No!" May wailed. "I don't want to do that! I don't want to
kill my sister!"

     Leisha laughed heartily. "Little fool! April is already dead!
She was dead the moment she walked into this room. But not you! You
can still live. Let me tell you what will happen if you don't
cooperate!"

     The tall black woman paused as she relit her candle. She then
slowly brought it down towards one of May's youthful breasts. "As
I was telling you, I'd work on your pussy. I'll hold the flame
beneath your immature little clit until it turns to ashes. Then I'd
do the same to your pussy lips. By that time, the candles between
your toes should ignite the lighter fluid on your leg, and you'd
suffer severe burns to a large area of your body. But even before
that happens, you will have lost your chance to change your mind!"

     "No, instead if you've passed out, I will awaken you. Then I
will turn on the hot plates beneath your sister's pretty feet
myself! You will be made to watch what happens! And your sister's
end will be the last thing you'll ever see, because when that's
over, I'll burn out your eyes. Then you'll be thrown into a cold
dungeon cell and left to die slowly of hunger, thirst, and from the
infections setting in on your damaged flesh. Now doesn't that sound
tempting?"

     It sure sounded tempting to Lisa! She hoped the stupid child
would continue refusing! She'd get to see two snuffings that way!

     Suddenly, a tiny frightened voice said, "It's okay, Sis. Do it."

     Lisa turned to see the terrified April looking down on her
tortured sister. The pretty young babe was sobbing herself, but
there was a look of resolve on her face. "Don't let them kill both
of us! Please! Just do what they say. I won't hate you! I love you,
Sis! Save yourself!"

     If April had hoped to convince her sister to go through with
Leisha's request, her self-sacrifice only served to make May feel
worse. The pretty girl looked up at her sister and just sobbed
hysterically.

     Leisha turned her attention on the younger girl. "Ooh! Hear
that? Little April wants to be a hero! Tell you what, girl. Are you
serious about one of you surviving? If you are, I'll let May here
take your place if you promise to turn on the hot plates!"

     April would probably have turned paler if she hadn't already
been as white as a sheet. She looked as if she were going to say
something. Then she paused. When she finally spoke there was a
quaver in her voice. "If May would agree to take my place, then I
would turn on the hot plates. But I won't do it if you force her to
change places with me."

     Leisha arched an eyebrow and smirked. "Oh! A counter offer. A
good one too. Yes then. If May wishes, I will let her take your
place." She looked into May's big brown eyes. "What do you say?"
April's ready to throw the switch for you if you'll take her place.
You won't have to kill your younger sister, and one of you will
still survive."

     May stared back at Leisha, her eyes filled with fear and
indecision. She looked down at her foot. The candles' flames were
nearing her skin. She only had a few minutes left before her leg
went up in flames.

     "You don't have long to decide, bitch!" Leisha snapped
sharply. "It's time to do or die! Will you turn on the plates, take
your sister's place, or burn and then watch your sister die anyway?"

     "I'll do it," May said quietly. "I'll take her place."

     "Very well!" Leisha sighed. She reached down and snuffed the
candles, removing them from between May's toes. Then she
straightened and looked into May's eyes yet again. "But you have to
cooperate completely. Not only must you not struggle, but you must
help put yourself onto the spike. Agreed?"

     A fresh sob escaped the horrified young girl. "Yes! I agree.
Just promise to let April go!"

     "Oh, April will be just fine. Don't you worry!" Leisha turned
away from May and towards Lisa, and winked.

     Then she began freeing May of her bonds, first untying her
bent back leg, next freeing her foot from the metal holding plate.
She removed the hook holding up the girl's cuffed hands, but didn't
remove the cuffs. "Now, follow me!" Leisha ordered.

     She waited while May massaged the feeling back into the leg
that had been pulled up behind her back, then led the way to where
April had her precarious perch. She put her hands around the girl's
slender waist and slowly lifted her off the spike, careful not to
gouge her pussy.

     As soon as April was clear of the metal rod, Leisha put her
down and grabbed her by the throat. "Now, bitch," she said to May,
"you're going to go through with your end of the bargain. Put
yourself on the spike the way your sister was or I'll wring her
pretty little neck. There are a couple of small ladders against the
wall over there," she pointed to a corner of the room. "You can use
those if you need them."

     May looked at her helpless sister, then looked away. She
slowly went to the corner and dragged back a pair of five foot
aluminum step ladders. She carefully set one up before the spike
and one behind it. Before she could climb on up, April said with a
sob, "Mistress Leisha, can I please kiss her goodbye?"

     Leisha laughed. "Why not. May, come here and kiss your
killer!" As May moved, Leisha uncuffed April's hands.

     Lisa felt a fresh wetness forming between her legs as she
watched this scene unfold. May came to stand before April. Both the
young girls were crying. "It's okay, April," May said to her
younger sibling. "You can do what you have to do. I love you sis!"

     April sniffed as fresh tears ran down her pretty face. "I love
you too!" Their mouths met and they kissed each other. It was a
brief but fiery kiss. Then May turned and walked over to the ladder
that she'd set up behind the spike.

     As everyone watched, she climbed the ladder slowly. When her
cunt reached the level of the top of the spike, she stretched out
her right leg till that foot was on the rung of the opposite
ladder. Careful to keep her balance, she reached down with her
cuffed hands and grabbed hold of the spike. Then she slowly
squatted and used the extended thumb of one hand to guide the
opening of her cunt to the tip of the spike.

     Slowly she manoeuvred herself down until the spike entered her
tight vagina. Like her sister, she had not been seriously stretched
in that hole before this, so it was a tight fit. When she had
squatted enough to place five inches of the spike into her body,
she moved her right foot off the ladder and onto the right-hand hot
plate. Then she swung her left foot onto the other plate. Looking
across to Mistress Leisha, she let go the spike and moved to stand
up straight.

     Leisha let go of April's neck. "Very good, May! Very good!
Now, April, the first thing I want you to do is to go put those two
ladders back in their corner. They've served their purpose." April
nodded numbly and did as she was told.

     Lisa stabbed at her plate with her fork only to discover that
she'd finished her meat. It surprised her yet again how watching
the little drama unfolding before her had made her forget what she
was doing! She looked over at Stephen, who, seeing her situation,
clapped his hands to get Leisha's attention.

     "Nanny, dearest, will you please fetch Lisa her dessert before
you go any further?" he ordered.

     Leisha bowed to him with a smile. "Why certainly. April! When
you're done with putting away the ladders, I want you to come back
here in front of Lisa. You will sit on the floor and wait for me!
Understood?"

     "Yes, Mistress Leisha!"

     "Good!" Leisha took Lisa's empty plate and left the room.

     April came over to where Lisa was sitting and did as she'd
been ordered. Lisa looked at her bruised face and smiled. April
just stared at the ground and sobbed in despair. But, Lisa noticed,
at no time did she make a move to try to help her sister. She
followed her orders completely.

     Leisha returned with another large covered tray which she put
down in front of Stephen's reluctant guest. Lisa looked at it,
trying to decided if she really wanted to see what it might
contain. A glance at Stephen's intently observant eyes reminded her
she really didn't have a choice. She crossed her fingers and lifted
off the cover.

     She smiled. Now this was a pleasant surprise. Dessert was
jello. Just jello. But the jello was moulded in the form of a naked
woman. It was a perfect sculpture. It was scaled down somewhat, but
it looked like the body of a teenaged girl, complete with breasts
and a well-developed shaved pussy. Now this would be a pleasure to
carve up and eat, Lisa thought!

     "I knew you would appreciate dessert!" Stephen chuckled.
"You've been a very good girl, Lisa. Enjoy your reward. I don't
expect you to have to eat all of it. It will be interesting to see
what parts of that little gelatin dolly you carve up!"

     Lisa studied it delightedly. It seemed to be made up of
several different flavours. The head was lemon, the pretty titties
were strawberry. The pussy, appropriately enough, was cherry. The
legs were grape, and the pretty little feet were lime. The rest of
the body appeared to be clear, plain, unflavoured jelly. It was
obvious she wouldn't have to eat that. Licking her lips, she took
a clean spoon and jabbed it into a titty. Then, as she brought it
to her mouth, she turned to see what Leisha would do next.

     When Leisha saw that Lisa was ready to watch again, she tapped
April's bare head and barked, "Get up, bitch!" April quickly got to
her feet, but her face stayed turned down to the floor. 

     "Your sister mounted the spike of her own free will. Now
you'll carry out your end of the bargain. Go and turn on the hot
plates!"

     April raised her head slowly and looked her Mistress in the
eyes. Then she nodded, and with an incredibly sad look on her face,
she moved over to the hot plate on which her sister's right foot
rested, and she turned the switch on to high. Mechanically, she
went on to do the same to the other. She looked up into May's
terrified face. Her sister looked down at her and nodded. "It's all
right, April. It's all right. I forgive you."

     Leisha had reached under the dinner table and pulled out a
box. From it she took a huge strap-on dildo. It was made of metal
and was a foot long and two inches in diameter, lovingly sculpted
with every detail of a real cock. She buckled it on and called
April over. "Come here, bitch! You're not just going to be standing
around while your sister buys it! No siree!" She pulled up a pair
of stools and when April came to her, she forced the young girl to
straddle one and lean over onto the other. This left the youthful
rear end available to her depredations.

     "No siree! You're a sister-killer, bitch. Your sister's going
to die because of you! You're not getting off easy. No way. I'm
going to fuck you up the ass, white girl!" Leisha said laughing.

     Lisa felt Stephen's eyes on her as she dug her spoon into the
jello pussy. She looked over to see him smiling evilly. "You're
enjoying your little dessert woman aren't you?" he snickered. "Tell
me, Lisa dear, what would you do if I presented you with the real
thing? What if one day, you lifted the lid of one of those trays
only to find a fine female roast? Say something about April's age
done up in a savory sauce, with an apple in her mouth?"

     Lisa paused in mid bite and a small smile graced her lips.
"Why sir, I would ask you to join me in enjoying such a fine feast!"

     Stephen laughed. "A fine answer Lisa. One day soon maybe we'll
see if you can live the fantasy."

     Leisha had steered the huge metal prong up to the tiny pink
rosebud that was young April's anus. The little girl had never had
anything thicker than a finger forced up her rear passage. She
definitely was not ready for what was going to be done to her
tonight! Leisha gripped the tender ass cheeks with both her large
hands, and thrust her thumbs against the tender sphincter, pulling
it open. April gasped and whimpered. Then she screamed as the metal
dildo head found lodging, and Leisha began thrusting it in.

     It was not a smooth entry. As soon as the veined metal head
had a good purchase, Leisha shifted her grip and pulled April's
slender hips towards her with all her strength. At the same time,
she thrust forward with her muscular pelvis, and the cold, hard
phallus began to tear its way into the near-virgin ass. Delicate
muscle tissue tore, and blood began dribbling down the crack of
the young girl's ass.

     Lisa looked over at May. The hot plates would take their time
heating up, but it was obvious they had already become uncomfortable.
May had arched her pretty little feet up, keeping only her pretty
little toes in contact with the hot metal. She kept shifting her
weight from one foot to the other. But she had to be careful while
doing even that, because the stools on which the hot plates rested
wobbled just a little, and too violent a move on her part could
cause them to topple over, which would start her slide down the
spike ahead of schedule.

     "Come here, Lisa!" Stephen suddenly ordered. Lisa saw that
he'd opened his bathrobe, and his long thin penis was fully erect.
She tried not to sigh openly, and hoped that his need for her
services wouldn't cause her to miss yet another show! She pushed
back her chair, and slowly walked over to his end of the table.

     When she stood before him, he signalled her to turn around to
face the action. Then he pulled on her hips and guided his own
slender pole to her rear entry port. She gasped slightly, but it
was from the stimulation. His penetration of her ass was effortless.
It was times like this that she felt grateful his cock was so thin.
Just as it was those times she was forced to deep throat him that
she resented the damn thing's being so long!

     Leisha was sawing steadily in and out of April's behind. As
she did, she reached forward to cup the young girl's chin and
lifted her face so that she had to view her sister's pretty little
dance. May was now doing a delicate hop from foot to foot. The hot
plates had gone from being uncomfortable to almost searing. It
wouldn't be too long to the end now!

     But Leisha wasn't one to make things easy on anybody. "See!"
she taunted April as she ass fucked her, "May is not going to be
able to keep her footing long. Maybe you can help her." She pulled
the dildo out of the bloody ass hole, grabbed April about the
waist, lifting her effortlessly, and tossed her several feet so
that the girl landed painfully just a short distance from where
May was yelping in pain.

     "Go ahead! Try to help your sister!" Leisha said with a
booming laugh.

     April slowly got to her feet. Her face contorted in pain as
she tried to straighten. It was obvious that her behind hurt a lot.
Leisha had done a lot of muscle damage with that penetration. The
young girl grit her teeth and shuffled over to the hot plates. With
a glance at her savagely grinning mistress, April tried to shut off
the right hand hot plate. 

     The knob came off in her hand.

     Lisa, who had been on the verge of disappointment, thinking
that Leisha was going to let the girls off after all this build-up,
moaned in pleasure. She tightened her ass on Stephen's penis and
grinned at this latest turn of events.

     April stared uncomprehendingly at the knob in her fingers.
Then she tried to put it back on the plate. For some reason, it
wouldn't go in. Panicked, April went to the other plate. Holding
her breath, she tried to shut that one off, being more careful not
to pull on the knob. As soon as she tried to turn it, that knob
popped out into her hands too.

     Now the pretty little poppet truly didn't know what to do
next. May was screaming. The plates had grown red hot! Every second
that the girl's tender feet were in contact with the metal resulted
in a severe burn. Soon May would no longer be able to keep her footing.

     Lisa closed her eyes for a second to savour the building
pleasure in her ass. But she didn't dare close them long for fear
of missing out on any of this action. This had turned out to be
quite a show!

     April tried to hold one of May's feet up with her hands. At
first she tried to put her sister's foot up on her shoulder. But
she quickly realized that if she did that, May would lose her
balance and hurt herself on the spike. May's body had to stay
straight. So April cupped her hands and put them under one of the
blistered feet.

     But she wasn't strong enough to hold her sister's weight. Her
own hands were pushed down onto the plate. May, who was delirious
from her own pain, knew only that she was putting her foot down
somewhere safe. She pressed down with all her weight, trapping her
sister's hands against the hot metal. April screamed as her
youthful flesh was seared. She jerked her hands free, and placed
them between her thighs, doubling over from the agony.

     May lost her reason. She began kicking her legs, an act
somewhat restricted by her bonds. But unfortunately for her, she
was able to thrash just enough to knock over the hot plates and the
stools they'd been resting on. Suddenly, there was nothing holding
her up. As Lisa, Leisha, and Stephen watched excitedly, she slowly
began to sink down onto the cruel metal spike.

     The pretty girl tried to grip the pole with her burnt feet. It
was an effort for her to press tightly enough to hold her weight
because her tender soles hurt so much. Still, the effort, combined
with the pole having to force its way up her tight pussy, slowed
the impaling process quite a bit initially. However, May already
had as much of the spike in her pussy as could fit without doing
her damage. She had barely slid down the pole another inch when she
gave a gurgling cry and blood began to run down her gorgeous little
legs.

     April looked up and saw her sister's predicament. She stumbled
over to the spike and tried to catch hold of May's legs in order to
help support her. But May's struggle on the pole had become more
mindless than before. Her legs kicked out again, her instincts
betraying her, as that action served only to accelerate the spike's
penetration. One of her little feet hit April in the face, a toe
jamming into a pretty green eye. April fell back, clutching her face.

     "Oh shit! Oh shit!" Lisa breathed deeply. "Oh fuck! This is so
fucken gorgeous! Oh shit!" The cock up her ass felt really good
now. She felt so near to yet another mind-shattering orgasm.

     She could see the spike's progress by the distension of May's
belly. It was somewhere up just past the area of her belly button.
The blood was flowing down heavily now. The girl was growing paler
by the minute. Her leg kicks were growing more feeble. 

     Leisha had removed the strap on dildo and now walked up to the
dying girl. "I want her to be able to feel this while she still
can," she said. Grabbing hold of the tiny, blood-slicked feet, she
pulled down with all her considerable strength, ending in a crouch.
May gave a sharp, surprised-sounding gurgle as she moved down on
the cold metal invader, and suddenly the point exited just at the
base of her throat. 

     The sight triggered Lisa's orgasm. She stiffened on Stephen's
cock as waves of pleasure washed through her bowels. Even as she
rode the crest of her passion, she felt Stephen shoot off inside
her, and the feeling of all that semen filling her ass made her
come yet again.

     Leisha meanwhile, had stood back and was admiring May's final
moments. That once lovely girl's head had jerked back one last time
as the spike had moved through her body. Now it hung limply, all
color completely drained from her face. If her body twitched at all
now, it was due only to her nervous system's reactions. Leisha had
kept her promise to May's mother. The young girl had not lived to
see her birthday.

     Leisha turned to where April was writhing on the floor
clutching her gouged eye. "Just one last piece of unfinished
business," she remarked matter-of-factly.

     She sat down on the floor next to the sobbing girl and grabbed
her by a slender calf. She pulled the girl over to her and put her
face down across her lap. April didn't struggle right away. She was
still a little out of it. She hadn't even had time to realize that
it was all over for her sister. She hadn't even seen May's body,
which was still slowly sinking down on the pole, the legs crumpling
under it, a good two feet of the spike sticking up above its exit
point.

     Leisha spread April's thighs, and without prelude, began
jamming her hand up into the ten-year-old's ass. It didn't take
long for April to notice that intrusion!

     At first she only screamed and bucked a bit. Leisha's firm,
strong grip kept her from going anywhere. Soon though, the black
woman had to wrap her strong legs around the girl's middle to hold
her while she used her free hand to hold the ass cheeks spread.

     It took her a good five minutes to force her way in. April was
looser than she would have been if she hadn't been fucked by that
huge dildo, but she was only a little girl. Her ass just couldn't
take that kind of abuse.

     Leisha didn't care. In fact, she was counting on that for her
pleasure. Because when she finally did manage to get her whole hand
in, and the pretty pink anal ring was stretched around the thick
black wrist, Leisha continued to push her arm in as hard as could,
going deeper and deeper.

     Much as her sister had done before her, April began to scream
and gurgle. Her thrashing became more desperate. Leisha was panting
as if her violation of April was all she needed to bring on her orgasm.

     Lisa recovered from her own cum in time to witness what
happened next. She saw the way Leisha's wrist twisted around inside
its anal bracelet. But because April was face down, she really
couldn't see anything more. What truly excited her was that Leisha
was now in almost to her elbow.

     Then April's head snapped back and the girl gave one final
exhilarating scream of agony. Leisha jerked her arm out, and her
clutched fist was full of April's bloody intestines. In fact, she
pulled out a fair amount of the inner tubing, turning the large
intestine inside out in the process.

     She tossed April off her lap, jumped to her feet, and
spreading her legs wide, began rubbing her cunt with a handful of
April's bloody innards. And as Lisa watched in enraptured
fascination, Leisha threw her head back and howled as she came.

     The howl sent shivers up and down Lisa's spine. It was the
most animalistic sound she'd ever heard a human being utter. At the
same time, looking down at April's rapidly dying form, she couldn't
blame Leisha for her victory cry. She was feeling incredibly high
herself! She was feeling immortal, god-like, larger than life! She
had savoured once again the pure power of life and death of one
human over another, and she found the taste intoxicating!

     Stephen was still pounding in and out of her ass. Another
orgasm was fast approaching. She let it build, revelling in the
sensation. She almost didn't see Leisha until the black woman's face
was right before her's. For a second, panic clutched her heart and
she wondered if she would be betrayed and if her end was near.

     Then the woman's bloody hands clasped her face, and Leisha
kissed her on the mouth, hard! Lost in the smell of death, Lisa
kissed her back and, at that very second, she came again.

     As she surrendered to her ecstasy, she remembered that the
evening was young, and there were still those two failed breeders
awaiting in Stephen's playroom! It was going to be, she said to
herself, a wonderful night!


*****************************************************************
This is the second time I try to upload this story. Last night
something went wrong when I converted the file to dos txt for
upload and I forgot to check it. So that means I'm writing this
post story comment for the second time and I've forgotten most of
what I wrote the first time around. 


This chapter marks the end of the first day of the story. I'm not
going to detail Lisa and Stephen's romp with the failed breeders
except maybe as a flashback at some point. Don't worry. There'll be
more than enough stuff to go around. But I found I was doing too
many pure S&M scenes and was not really furthering the plot at the
rate I wanted to.

Chapter eight also marked the first real male victim in the story.
I'm sort of wondering what sort of reaction this is going to get.
Why did I do it? Up till now I'd hinted at the fact that some of
the ladies in this story enjoyed tormenting males as much as
females. I wanted to show that side of them. I know the female
victim stories are popular. But how realistic is it to assume that
every female sadist only tortures other females? Now I have reasons
why I won't do male-male scenes. But I wanted to start balancing
things a little more. It would also be interesting to find out if
any females read these darn stories and what they think.


As well, this was maybe the goriest Sunder instalment since the
last part of chapter 5. The thing is I try to finish what I start.
As far as the second part of chapter 8, once the Lisa part of 7 was
done, this one was inevitable.

But now we are at the end of part one. When the story finally
resumes, (I probably will take a short break from writing) another
day begins. This means now is a good time to make any suggestions
as to things you'd like to see. I really would like some feedback.
I particularly want to know if any of you think I might have gone
too far. I don't pull punches. But if this story was too much for
too many, then I'll try not to start anything like that. But no
promises.

Try uploading comments as Sundcm**.txt, where ** is a number.


To some of the other writers who've sent me private mail. I'll get
around to sending you my comments on your stuff as soon as I've had
some time to myself. Since I won't be doing any work on Sunder for
a while I should have time to finally get around to giving you
feedback.

Anyway, everyone write soon.....

-------------------------------------------------------------------
For the largest collection of S/M, B/D & Spanking text

LEATHER ROSE BBS (312) 665-0111   14.4 Kb  V42 (PC PERSUITABLE)
We can be reached from over 1000 local phone numbers
---------------------------------------------------------------------                                                                                     




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





