BDSM Library - Memory Lane




Memory Lane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Fond bondage memories shared between my lover and I, lead to another interesting encounter.
Memory Lane
By the White Knight

Over the holidays, my bride of fifteen years and I were lying in bed reminiscing
about the past.  She talked of our three children, their births and high points
in their young lives.  But, being the more selfish of the pair of us, I couldn't
help but remember our engagement and the first year of our marriage
(pre-pregnancy and kids).  So I led the discussion back to our first apartment.

"Remember our little four-room flat, boy I really loved that place.  It was so
small that it took hardly any work to keep it clean, but there was plenty of
room and time just for us.

"And boy, we used to do it a lot when we were newlyweds," I said wistfully. 

"God, almost every night and a least twice a day on the weekend!" Ann remarked. 
"And if I remember correctly", she said changing from a wistful tone a
challenging yet playful one, "for the first year, until I became pregnant with
Jamie, I used to have to wear whatever you wanted me to wear and let you tie me
up at least once a week."

"Come on I wasn't that bad", I said defensively. 

"Baby", she said softly, patiently.  "Who was the one of us bringing home a new
piece of lingerie or shoes or slippers almost every week?"

"Me", I admitted.  She smiled as her point was made and then moved on.

"But, I know exactly what you are thinking about, oh husband of mine, when you
say there was still plenty of room for us", she said with a smirk.  "Would you
perhaps be referring to a certain old briefcase of yours that we kept in our
bedroom closet?  Hmmmm?"

"Well..." I stammered turning a bit red.

Ann cut me off.  "A briefcase in which you kept all your homemade bondage toys
and rope... if I'm not mistaken.  By the way I never did say thank you for
lining the cuffs with those soft felt pads that was nice of you.  But you have
to admit that they really weren't very secure and that first ball gag that you
made was so big it wouldn't even fit in my mouth!"

"OK, I admit that I got a little over zealous with the gag, but you never
slipped out of the ankle restraints", I replied defensively.  Heck, I had worked
hard on those restraints while we were engaged.  No they weren't exactly pretty,
but they had served their purpose.

"No, I never did slip out of the ankle cuffs, because I didn't need to!  When
you would leave me alone for a few minutes, all I had to do was slip out of the
left wrist cuff, which was always loose and in minutes I would have my ankles
unbuckled."

"Hey, I fixed that cuff after I found out and besides it was the best I could
do.  I was born and raised, like you, in the suburbs.  I had never even seen a
store that sold bondage items, so I obviously couldn't buy them."  I thought for
a few minutes and then continued.  "Actually, that's not exactly true.  Remember
the lingerie store Satin & Lace near your parent's house? I did see them there
before we were married, but didn't have the guts at the time to buy them."

"Remember it.  How could I possibly forget it!  That's where you bought me my
corset, the red and black satin one with the matching red satin mules with the
feathers.  You must have had me wear that outfit over a hundred times, you loved
it so much!"

"I also brought you that pair of black leather slippers and the satin night mask
there", I added while I smiled at the thought of her in that wonderful red
corset.

"That's right, but that must have been after I accidentally turned you on to
slippers.  Remember, it was that night that I wore those satin ballet warm up
slippers when I was still living at my parents home.  They were probably six or
seven years old, but still in great shape because they had been sitting in a box
in my closet for the entire time.  Now here I am the girl that likes nothing
better than to run around barefoot and my loving finance tells me that he hates
seeing me barefoot in the house.  So being the nice person I am I went to my
closet to find something to wear.  Since I was already in my nightgown and robe,
I was pretty limited in my choices.  I thought about wearing my big yellow ducky
slippers, but lucky for you my eyes caught sight of the pink shoe box on my top
shelf."

"Boy was that funny when I wore them back into the living room where we were
playing pinochle with my parents.  I thought that your eyes were going to bulge
out of their sockets.  I was laughing to myself during the entire game, as you
tried to be so causal about glancing over towards my slippers.  That's when I
crossed my legs, so that you had a perfect view of my slipper and I began
arching and relaxing my foot in its satin sheath.  Oh, Lord did you lose that
game badly.  Dad and I creamed you and mom."

"Yeah, and then I went to the bathroom and you met me.  The next thing I know
you've got your hot little hands on my member and you're jerking me off.  Oh,
boy was that great." 

"Ha. You were so excited that you didn't last two minutes.  Thank God, you were
quick though, because then we had to rush to clean your cum off the wall with
toilet paper!"

"You never told me why you did that and it really meant a lot to me," I told her
sincerely.

"Well, now that I was your finance I didn't want you to have to do it by
yourself anymore.  I figured if you needed relief, it was my place to be there
for you."  She smiled.  "Besides it really was my fault after all."

"I did love those white satin slippers.  They made your feet look so sexy.  Heck
we used them for quite a while afterwards.  In fact, if I remember correctly,
they were part of your outfit the first time that I tied you to our four-poster
bed with my much-maligned homemade cuffs."

"Your memory serves you correctly, dear sir.  In fact I was wearing a white lace
teddy, which fortunately had a snap crotch.  That was when we were christening
our new bed, just a couple of months before we got married.  You hadn't shared
with me your affinity for stockings at that point, so I was still "allowed" to
be bare legged at the time."

"I bet you don't remember when you started on me about wearing stockings with my
lingerie!" she stated with a smirk. 

"Sure I do.  It was shortly before we got married.  Because on our honeymoon you
rolled out that sexy black and gold bustier, with the fishnet stockings and the
black high heels."

"Beep. Wrong. It was after that." Ann corrected me. Remember, we were with three
other couples at our table and you guys went off to the resorts shooting range
and while the girls and I went off to the "Gift" store.  That was the first real
Fredrick's of Hollywood, trashy lingerie that I ever wore for you.  I felt so
naughty!  But, boy did it turn you on! Didn't you come twice in the next hour or
so?"

"Yes, I did", I replied proudly.  Then I said slyly.  "Remember when we were
playing that honeymooners game at the resort and they asked how many times each
of the couples had made love in the last two and a half days."

"Do I ever," she answered.  "The resort moderator is calling on all the couples
and their answering one or two and then it's your turn and you say in that loud
voice of yours, 'Oh, probably ten times unless you count... well you know...
that would make it eleven.'  I thought I was going to die of humiliation. 
Especially when he brought the mike over to me and asked me was that true. 
There I was red as a beet, nodding my head and admitting that 'Yes it was true'.

"Well, it was true.  We hadn't been able to lay a hand on each other for six
weeks before the wedding, so we had a lot of loving stored up.  Besides, we got
a lot of applause from the audience, didn't we?" I said defiantly.

"That's not the point.  But, you are right about the applause and the cat-calls. 
But the worst part of all was that you had had me dress so sexy.  I was sure
that half the men in the room were undressing me with my eyes!"

"I didn't make you wear any sexy outfit that night", I retorted.

"You most certainly did.  I was wearing a short white skirt, off white pleasant
blouse and sandals when I first got dressed.  Then I saw you look at me with one
of those faces that you make when you're unhappy about something.  I ended up
having to switch my shirt for a tight pink one, add the pearls that you bought
for me and put on the four-inch heels that I had worn at the wedding! 

"Oh, yeah that's right", I replied sheepishly. "But, I just wanted to show off
how beautiful you are and how proud I was to be your man.  Besides you can't
blame the heels on me, you bought them for the wedding because I'm so much
taller than you.  Six foot four versus five foot four didn't work for you with
the wedding pictures, hence your first pair of really high heels.  And you were
the one that said if you had to get all dressed up you might as well wear them. 
I simply agreed with you."

"I know", she patted my hand reassuringly.  "Thank God, I wore my sweater over
my shoulders.  At least I was able to use that to hide in."

"Come on, it wasn't that bad", I said.  "Heck, you curtsied for the audience!"

"I was totally mortified when the moderator of the game said that we had won and
that I should curtsy for the audience", she snapped back.

"You didn't look it.  Except for your rosy cheeks you looked poised and graceful
the entire time."

"Well, I tell you, that I was shaking in fear inside.  I was totally sure that I
was going to fall over in those spiked heels!"

"You looked great", I told her again. 

"I should hope so! You took me back to our bungalow and made love to me twice
more, before I could even get my pumps off!"

"You see there are some really good memories associated with my proclivities!" I
exclaimed.  "How about the first time that you had an orgasm while you were
bound?"

"I know the time you're talking about, that was when you surprised me by opening
up the ceiling tiles and showing that you had put a big eyebolt up in the
rafters.  It was the first time you ever tied me in a standing up position, and
you're right I came like I had never come before, but it wasn't the first time. 
The first time was shortly after we were married and you bound me spread eagle
to the bed with your cuffs and rope.  Remember, we both came at about the same
time."

"Wow, you read my mind!  I was thinking about the second time.  Boy did you look
spectacular!  Your breasts were bulging out of your bra and your waist was so
tight that I could see the outline of your lower ribs, when you twisted your
body.  Even your fair Irish skin had a warm beautiful bronze look to it.  That's
right, it was bikini season and you had been doing your aerobics daily and
catching every bit of sunshine that you could.  And those heels... God your feet
were arched so sexily in them!"

"Down boy", said my bride with a laugh as she patted my hardening member.  "My
feet certainly were highly arched to fit into them, do you remember why?"  I
shook my head to say no.  "Because I went out and bought a pair of black patent
leather heels, complete with a sexy silver cap on the toe.  Do you remember the
first time that I wore them for you?"

I gulped and began to turn red.  "Yes, now I remember", I admitted. 

"OK, so why don't you tell me what happened.  I'd love to hear what you were
thinking at the time."

Guiltily, I hung my head and continued the story.  "When I got home one Friday
night, you were already there dressed in a short skirt, stockings and your new
heels.  You were absolutely beaming, thinking that you had really hit a home
run.  That's when I blew it."

"Instead of praising you on the shoes and thanking you for doing something so
nice just for me, I..."

"You gave me one of those faces and asked me how high the heels were?  Of course
I didn't know.  Heck, I went into the store, saw a pair of ultra sexy spiked
heels and tried them on.  It was tough to walk in them and to me that meant that
they were high enough."

I hung my head in shame.  "Then I made you take off a shoe and place it on the
table so I could use a ruler to measure the heel."

"Three and three quarters!  I knew they weren't even four inches." You shouted
triumphantly. 

"I know baby, and I am sorry.  I had had it in my mind to buy you black patent
leather pumps, but I was thinking about five-inch or maybe even six-inch
heels... then when you trotted out in your purchase... Heck, I know I have a
fetish for heels and especially for seeing females in heels so I had spent a lot
of time looking at them.  That's how I knew right off that yours weren't as high
as I had planned on buying for you."

"You nearly broke my heart that night.  It was like you were accusing me of
short changing you by selecting a lower heel height.  The only thing that saved
the situation was when you got your mind off of your own wants and really looked
at me."

"God, you were nearly in tears. I felt like such a heel."  I laughed as I
realized what I had just said.  "No pun intended."

Ann frowned at me.  "Your humor, unfortunately, isn't the only thing that hasn't
changed over the years!"  She looked into my eyes and resumed her story. 

"Then you began to hug me and my tears flowed out like a river.  You started
reassuring me that the heels were absolutely beautiful and because I had
selected them myself that made them even more special.  I stopped crying,
especially when you called me your Venus... your Sun... the center of your
universe.  That's what brought me back to thinking about you and how
disappointed you were."

I smiled.  "Gosh, that's right.  You all of a sudden became like a whirlwind. 
Putting the heels back in their box and announcing to me that we were going to
the mall.  Even before we had dinner, you lead me right over to the Wild Pair. 
That's when I found out that you were wearing stockings and garters and not
pantyhose!"

Ann laughed merrily.  "There I was slipping into another pair of heels and the
very nice, but obviously bored, salesman's eyes popped open.  I'm only thinking
of sliding my foot into the shoe, so I'm raising my knee up into the air and
angling my toes down onto the heel.  I didn't even think about how high I was
raising my skirt.  But, that Ralph Cramden, eye popping look from the salesmen
woke me up quickly to the fact."

"I looked over when I saw his reaction and saw the top you your stocking being
pulled by the garters clamp, quite clearly from the side.  You quickly squirmed
into the shoe and smoothed down your skirt, with just a hint of a blush shinning
on your cheeks."

"I was mortified.  That salesman had had a perfect view right to my sexy lace
panties, stockings and all! I didn't know what to do so I..."

"You looked at him like you had been totally offended.  Then totally flustered
him by asking if this was the highest heels that he had.  So he starts looking
from you to me and rattling off about the different heel heights that they
offered."

"It was OK for you, but there he is talking about seven inch heels and I'm dying
inside thinking that he's actually got them in the back room and I'm going to
have to try them on and walk in them!  Heck, back at our apartment I thought you
were crazy talking about five and six inch heels and he's talking about seven!" 
She smiled again.  "Then you turned to him and ask if he's talking about
platforms.  Platforms, what the heck are platforms, I'm thinking to myself?  At
the time, you will remember that, I was the perfect little high heel neophyte. 
And there you are going into a fashion discussion with this guy and I've got no
idea what you mean.  Seven inch heel with a three inch platform... blah, blah,
blah."

"So I told the guy no platforms, because I hate the damn things.  They totally
ruin the symmetry of the shoe."

"Yeah, he fell over agreeing with you, before you asked him to just bring out
the heels that I had purchased originally with the highest heel that they
offered."

"Oh, God did you look so hot in them!" I groaned.  "You even wore them out of
the store and around the mall.  I was so hot thinking of your body, the heels
and your stockings that I suggested that we forget about dinner!"

 "I had my arm about your waist and yours about mine the entire time, because I
was so afraid that I was going to fall over!  Even ten years of ballet training
had never prepared me for walking in nearly five-inch heels!  Your pants were
bulging so I agreed to go home and that's how I ended up with those four and a
half inch heels that you were tying me up in."

"Oh yeah, we got home and I helped strip you down to your sexy undies. God, we
were kissing and you were so hot, but I had to tie you up first.  You were
simply too perfectly dressed not to be tied up, so I showed you my home
improvement and you allowed me to bind your wrists and pull them up above your
head.  Then I added the leather ankle cuffs and used my homemade spreader bar to
separate your legs."

"Separate my legs!" She said loudly.  "Separate means six inches, maybe even
twelve.  Not over two feet like you did!  I thought that my arms were going to
be pulled out of my sockets, because I was putting so much weight on them.  And
it's a hell of a lot tougher on the ankles when your trying to stand in spiked
heels with you legs spread that widely!"

"All the better, to eat you, my dear", I replied with a chuckle.

"That's what caused the huge orgasm", she proclaimed.  "You were so excited by
your own handy work and my new heels, that you went at my pussy like a starving
man.  You were licking, sucking and nipping at me like a puppy with a new bone."

"Hey I wasn't the only one out of control!  You were bucking your hips so hard,
that I had to grab hold of you with both hands, so I could hang on!"

"Oh, you hung on alright.  No one had ever done that to me before.  I remember
coming so hard, as I humped your face, that I thought I was actually going to
faint.

"I just couldn't help myself.  You were beyond the beauty of mortal women, you
were a goddess."

"Hmmm, I didn't know that they used to tie up goddesses", Ann smirked.

"Hey, I got you out of the bondage tout suite and carried you onto the bed.  It
seemed to take hours to untie you because I couldn't wait to have you."

"I remember you not being able to wait at all!  Not even long enough to take off
the spreader bar, so we ended up doing it doggie style. 

"You're trying to get me horny, oh husband of mine", Ann said with a rye smile. 
"Just what do you hope to get out of doing so?  Hmmm?"

"I was hoping that we could recreate some of those memories", I told her
truthfully.

"It's only nine thirty and the boys are still awake!" Ann said sternly.

"Baby, we do have a lock on our door now and you'll remember that we have made
love before their bed times.  I don't see how this would be any different. 
Besides, isn't the whole idea to have more time for us to be a couple and not
just parents?"

"Sometimes I think that the whole idea is to keep you happy", she smirked as her
smile returned.  But I can live with that because when you're happy the whole
family seems to be happier.  What did you have in mind, dear sir?"

I quickly outlined my plans to her and she nodded her head in agreement.

"And what would you have me wear?" Ann asked suggestively as she shook her
flannel-covered breasts suggestively at me.  Her pink flannel pajamas were
decorated with little black and white cows.  While not exactly sexy they did
keep her warm on those cold winter nights.

"Your dark red baby doll", I stated quickly.  "You know the one from our tenth
anniversary trip to the resort that we had honeymooned."

"One of the very few that survived... sure I know the one. And what about
stockings?" Ann responded.  "Hmmm.  I've a pair that I bought recently from
Victoria's Secret.  They are the ones with the seams that I wore to the
Straker's party."

"Yeah, they are great.  I really loved that you picked them out yourself, by the
way.  That was really thoughtful."  I beamed at my partner happily.

"Perhaps, but I think that thoughtful was more in line with the satin ballet
warm up slippers that I went out of my way to find for you.  How about I wear
those for the finishing touch?"  Ann smiled as she watched my reaction, which
was to nod my head excitedly in the affirmative.

"You're the best baby.  You're simply the best."

Ann trotted out of our walk-in closet shortly afterwards.  "Ta da", she said a
she performed a graceful swan-like movement with her arms and arched one foot
into the "on pointe" ballet position.  Her slippers, of course, were not a
ballerina's reinforced toe-shoe so she couldn't bring both feet into this highly
arched position.  Regardless it made for a beautiful display of her and her
outfit, so I quietly applauded showing my approval.

Smiling see danced over to the bed and hopped on next to me.  With no direction
required, she moved into a sitting position, legs together with her knees bent,
her feet resting flat on the comforter and her arms behind her back supporting
her weight.

"You look great honey", I told her with a smile.  The dark red baby doll was
made of a number of layers of soft diaphanous material that gave it a full yet
ethereal look.  Her inviting nipples dimpled the tight triangular cups that
showed off her lovely mounds beautifully. 

Her legs, well they were simply to die for.  Ann doesn't have those thin
model-like legs that you see so often in ads.  Her build is a medium type that
allows for more curves and this is particularly true of her legs.  The lovely
stockings showed of the wonderful curve of her calf, which narrowed at her knees
and then curved majestically into her thigh.  The skirt of her baby doll had
slid down her legs, leaving the tops of her stockings and their attendant garter
belts gloriously predominant.

The slippers on her feet... magnificent!  She had recently gone to great pains
to find this exact type of ballet warm up slipper, and I mentally thanked her
once again for doing so.  Many satin slippers are actually stiff and rough to
the touch, despite looking good from a distance.  These were made of layers of
soft satin, which molded themselves to her foot, sexily mimicking her every
movement.

"Oh, please elaborate oh masterful one.  A girl just can never get enough
compliments!" She said playfully.

I rested on my haunches in front of her, with a couple of pieces of rope nestled
in my hands, as I smiled at her words.  "Your hair looks great now that you've
straightened it.  I loved it when it was curly, but boy those beautiful auburn
locks look great the way that they frame your features.  Especially your big
green eyes and your sexy full red lips."

"I love my new green contacts also", she said casually.  She smiled at me
mischievously as she raised one slipper-clad foot from the bed and began making
little circles on my pants against my quickly hardening rod.  Her voice turned
playful again. "It's funny how you can so easily compliment my eyes and face,
when your eyes have spent most of their time on my feet."

I didn't even blush.  Heck, the truth is the truth.  I smiled as I now
unabashedly stared at her sexily shod foot as it played with my manhood. 
Instead of apologizing I simply said, "Thanks again for finding them for me.  I
really love them and I really REALLY love what you're doing to me with them
right at the moment!"

"However, I am going to have to ask you to stop so that I can tie your ankles
together", I said in a strained voice as I tried to maintain my composure.

"OK", she said as her foot gave me a final pat as it retreated.  "But why not
tie up my chest first?  You always tie up my ankles first and you're the one
that's been talking about ways to keep our love life from becoming routine. 
Hmmm?"

"You're on! And may I compliment you on a great idea, because I do so love
seeing your breasts in a rope bra."

Ann moved into Indian style position, sitting very erect and smiling the entire
time.  She placed her hands behind her neck, clearing her arms out of he way as
I moved behind her.  God, I really loved her new outlook.  Over the last year
she had become the epitome of the compliant yet challenging bondage submissive. 
We had dispensed with her calling me master, because it made her feel
uncomfortable.  Although every once in a while she would still give me the title
when she was feeling especially playful.  We had made a few other minor
modifications to our role-playing, but the results spoke for themselves.

I doubled over a piece of rope and let the double strand lie loosely on the top
of her breasts.  Threading the taped ends through the eye formed by the bend in
the center, behind her back, I took up the slack.  I tightened the rope until it
dug into the top of her soft mounds and scored furrows in the soft skin under
her arms.  Ann looked down, watching me intently, but showing no signs of
distress at all.  I tied the line off behind her and proceed to place a second
double strand loop below her breasts.  I pulled upwards on these lines until I
felt them digging into the bottoms of her mammary mounds and again tied these
ropes off tightly behind her back.  The white nylon rope formed a set of
railroad tracks across the top of her dark red gown.   Using a small piece of
cord I encircled both sets of the rope directly below her right arm.  I wrapped
the cord around the ropes twice before I started pulling it taut.  This, of
course, caused the two tracks to begin to merge.  Ann winced once as the ropes
pinched her tender skin, but otherwise she appeared content.   When the gap
between the ropes narrowed to about an inch, I tied off the cord.  Her left side
went equally smoothly.

The effect on her chest was easy to see as the width between the tracks had
tightened from roughly four inches to now about three inches, squeezing her firm
smallish breasts between them.  Moving to her front, I placed the last cord
between her breasts and again pulled the ropes towards each other.  The final
result was all I could have hoped for as her mounds were squeezed tightly into
my sexy rope bra creation.

"Very nice honey", she said as she began working her breasts into as comfortable
a position as possible.  "A little on the tight side, but I suppose that was the
plan."

While she was involved in pulling and poking her breasts, I attached a set of
nylon cuffs to each of the headboards bedposts.  As I finished She smiled up at
me and raised her wrist to the height of the first cuff.  The black nylon cuff
was the epitome of simplicity.  I merely wrapped the soft cuff about her wrist
as tightly as possible and the Velcro did the rest.  Unlike my own creations
these cuffs didn't slip so they provided a very effective and comfortable
binding for my lovely partner.

"Thanks darling, that's really very thoughtful of you", Ann said sincerely as I
sealed the Velcro binding in place.  Ann hadn't been the only one searching for
items to enhance our playtime.  I also had been on a mission to find a
replacement for ropes to use for binding her wrists.  Ann had complained to me,
that while she could hide the rope marks on her legs and ankles she could not do
that with her wrists.  We didn't want to be raising questions in our kids
fertile little minds, hence the nylon cuffs. 

I helped prop up her back with a couple of pillows, letting her recline
comfortably against the headboard, while I finished securing her left wrist.  
Ann held the restraining nylon straps in her hands, rather then let them hang
limply.  I picked up two pieces of rope to be used on her ankles and knees, as I
moved down to her legs.

I folded the first rope in half, forming twin four-foot lengths and used this to
encircle her proffered ankles.  I formed an 'eye' at the bent middle of the rope
and fed both of the taped ends into it.  Pulling on the ends, I tightened the
twin circles of rope that had now been formed about Ann's shapely ankles. 

Ann teased me as I worked by flexing her sexily clad feet or waggling one or the
other of her slippers in order to distract me.  She giggled happily each time
she was successful in getting me to look down.

I smiled wryly as I slid the circle clockwise about her ankles so that the eye,
where the two parts of the ropes joined, was moved behind her legs.  Despite any
of her attempts at distracting me it was important to the look that I was trying
to achieve the ropes form perfect and neat coils about her gams.  I was able to
wrap the twin ropes three full times about her ankles.  Slipping the ends
between her ankles I encircled the bindings, pulling them tighter in the
process, and tying them off.

I bound her legs, just above the knee in the same way that I had her ankles. 
The white rope dug even deeper furrows here, in the softer flesh of her lower
thighs.  I loved the picture I had now created and wanting to show my
appreciation to my lovely wife I began caressing her ankles and calves slowly
working my way up to her creamy thighs.  Her slippers flexed invitingly as she
silently acknowledged my attention.  I traced the bindings about her knees,
caressing the flesh strained beneath the nylon stockings and rope.  As my hand
moved upwards Ann's eyes closed and she moaned softly, eating up my tender
touches.  With her legs tied so tightly together, I could barely touch her most
excitable parts.  But, even these small touches caused her to shift her hips and
pull against her inescapable bonds.

She looks so absolutely beautiful, bound helplessly to our bed, in her sexy
slippers and lingerie.  The rope bra highlights her breasts and draws my
attention to her swelling mounds.  Ann's head flicks from side to side.  Her
eyes are still closed as her tongue slips out to lick her shinny red lips.  I
couldn't resist this, so I leaned over and gave her a long, deep kiss.  Our
tongues met passionately in a joyful embrace.  Ending our kiss, I gave her one
last soft touch of my lips to hers and then backed away.

She smiled at me as her eyes re-opened.  "Hmmm.  That's was really nice."

 "I'm glad that you liked it and I also really liked what you were doing to me
with your feet earlier", I told her.  "Do you think could do that again?"

"I'm sure that I could", she responded.  "But wouldn't it be more fun if you
took your boxers off and you let me really play with your penis and not just
your pants?"  Before I could answer she added slyly, "I'll bet it would feel
awfully good having my two soft satin slippers wrapped around your throbbing
pole!"  Ann sexily emphasized the words 'soft satin slippers' by saying them
slowly and sensuously.

There is something extremely sensual about being fondled by a beautiful woman,
especially if she is bound.  I have always loved watching her bound hands or her
mouth, while she was equally inescapably bound, working on my highly charged
member. This particular manner was even more stimulating for me because it was
her soft slippers doing the caressing and I have a strong affinity for these
ballet-like slippers. 

I removed my shorts and sat down in front of her, straddling her legs, which are
again bent at the knees, to give her easy access.  Ann smiles at me as she
begins to move her feet towards me in a scissor like motion.  I'm already very
excited but my cock is still a little reluctant to stand at attention just yet. 
Sliding her feet under my member she slowly moves them forward and backward. 
The sensation of having first the soft satin and then the smooth nylon caressing
the underside of my rod is simply incredible and sends a roaring fire burning
into my loins.

My wife jumps back a little and then giggles as my pole snaps up into the air. 
"I see that John Thomas has decided to wake from his slumber and rather abruptly
at that!"  Opening her feet into a V shape she grasps my member tightly between
the sides of her sexily clad feet.  Then using all of those muscles that she has
built up through years of aerobics, she raises her feet upwards sliding tightly
along the entire length of my thick rod.  Releasing me, she quickly moves back
down to the bottom of my shaft and does it again and again and again...

At one point she even grasped me between the soles of her slippers.  This added
the texture of the soft kidskin pads that protected her toe pads and heels.  But
soon she returned to her satin caresses.  Just the look of those soft black
slippers melded to her peds was fantastic.  But watching her sexy nylon sheathed
legs at work plus watching her sexily clad feet ride up my pole was... magic!

"Oh, God", I groaned in contentment.  Her talented feet, shod in the soft satin,
had brought me nearly to the point of orgasm. Reluctantly, I moved her feet away
from my throbbing manhood, so that I could bury my seed in a more deserving
orifice of her lovely body.  I lay her shapely stocking sheathed legs down flat
on the bed and gazed upon her entire form.  With her wrists bound to opposite
side of the headboard she looked like she was bound upon an imaginary cross.

Moving to her chest, I began nipping at her nipples that are standing up tall,
like little soldiers, beneath the tight gauzy material covering her breasts.  As
my teeth play with her right nipple my hand caressed and squeezed her left
mound.  Playing my fingers lightly over the top of her nipples Ann moaned and
arched her back to my manipulations.  I luxuriate in tracing the tight ropes
that surround her bound breast and cupping her protruding tit, begin to fondle
the pleasant handful of flesh.

Caressing her tender flesh, squeezed within her rope bra, felt so good I
dedicated both of my hands to the task.  My hungry mouth kissed its way up her
chest to her throat.  Ann moaned happily and offered me more of her neck with a
twist of her head.  I began to smell the heady scent of her White Shoulders
perfume as I lightly kissed my way across the hollow of her slender neck.  As I
knew that she loved it I ended my path as my lips met her earlobe.

Ann's moved her feet backward raising her knees.  She began to slowly gyrate her
sex in a sensual hip twisting motion.  I moved my right hand downward and
lightly caressed her thighs about the tops of her stockings.  Gently, I slid my
finger across her naked flesh until they found her hot vagina.  The soft
material quickly became wet as I gently rubbed her tender flesh.  Sliding
beneath her panties my fingers found their way between her lower lips.  Finding
her little excitable piece of flesh sometimes referred to as the G spot, I began
to softly fondle her.  Her eyes closed as she shivered in sensual satisfaction. 
"Alright, I give.  I promise I'll tell you all of my secrets.  But please,
please make love to me now!"

Of course this only caused me to rub and caress her even more ardently.  Ann's
body began to swing wildly from side to side and the muscles in her arms began
to show as she pulled against the unyielding nylon restraints.  "Please. 
Please.  Please make love to me... master."  Ah, now I knew she was really
ready!

Over the years I had learned that using simple bow ties, like those on a shoe,
could easily facilitate removing the bonds from her legs.  I tied these bows
behind her legs which would sometime result in her bonds coming loose, but as
with this situation they proved their worth once more.

Within seconds her legs were free and her panties removed.  As I moved in front
of her she smiled and again touched me tenderly with her slippers.  "Bring it on
big guy.  Bring it on!"  She said cheering me on.  Ann's slippers slid their way
up my chest and over my shoulders.  Her smooth stockings lay against my chest as
I plunged my raging hard on into her steaming sex. 

"Oh yeah", I groaned in satisfaction as she used her muscles to grip me tightly
within her soft warm confines.  Ann's eyes were half opened slits and while her
hands gripped the nylon restraining straps tightly,  she bucked her hips in time
with my thrusts.

"Ohhhh, yes", she moaned delightedly.  "That beautifully thick cock of yours
feels so good in me.  Hhhhmmmm, please don't stop master."  I kept up a slow,
but constant pace of inward and outward strokes with my hardened meat,
attempting to keep her on the edge of orgasm for as long as possible.  It was a
good plan, but one my helplessly bound partner was able to derail with her
incredibly powerful pussy!

I had tied her into the perfect position to use all of her lower muscle strength
and my God that was impressive!  Her lower mouth gripped me as tightly as her
two hands could have and her inner warmth felt like a fluid volcano.  Time
seemed to stop for me as the sensations I was feeling overwhelmed me.  Ann's
voice crying in my ear, "Now please, now!" brought me back into the real world. 
I could feel her body responding to her own orgasm as I began pumping my hot
milky cum into her.  I continued my thrusts and she continued to meet them with
her hips.  We rocked together so perfectly, it seemed as if we would never come
to rest.  Slowly, ever so slowly, my stream of molten cum ended.  I stopped my
pumping as she continued to use her talented muscles to squeeze the last drops
from my spent member.

"Now that's what I mean by passion!"  Remarked my wife in a lazy satisfied tone.

I laughed and held onto her tightly.  I lay like that for quite some time, until
my wife's gentle voice chided me back to wakefulness.  "Baby you know I could
sleep like this, but what will the kids think when they find us like this in the
morning?"

"Opps", I said with a laugh.  Then I quickly removed the nylon cuffs from her
wrists and we both adjourned to the bathroom. 

After cleaning up we climbed into our comfortable flannel pajamas.  We checked
on the kids how were now pleasantly asleep.

Ann quickly fell asleep lying on my chest and I smiled in contentment as I slid
off into dreamland happily remembering the evening.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





