BDSM Library - The Undress Event




The Undress Event
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of businessmen and women are caught up in a political protest, losing their clothes and subjected to assorted indignities. No real violence, no rape.
THE UNDRESS EVENT

By Francine


It was not the first time Barbara Waleski had been in Latin America, for she had
often represented her company in parts of the region; but it was the first time
she had been with such a large group.  Barbara was Vice President for
Development for her company, in the business of producing and marketing certain
types of pharmaceuticals and biochemicals, and she was here with four associates
attending a trade fair set up by the local government.  Barbara was both the
senior member of her delegation, and the only woman.  With her were two
engineers, a legal advisor, and a representative of the Finance Department.

However, these five were among over three hundred representatives of firms,
mostly North American and European, in attendance.  The objects of the fair were
twofold; it was an opportunity for foreign companies to display their wares and
make local contacts, but also a chance for the local Ministry of Industrial
Development, which sponsored the fair, to attract foreign companies into the
country.  The area had many advantages, which the government wished to show off
to foreign organizations in its effort to attract international investment.

Although the only woman in her own delegation, Barbara found plenty of female
company at the conference.  Other firms had also sent women among the
delegations, and some of the larger groups had brought secretaries and hostesses
to staff exhibits.  Many of the attendees also had brought family members along
to enjoy the sights.

As is usual in such events, the fair made use of a exhibition hall in the center
of the large city which served as the country's capital, and most of the
attendees were quartered in the numerous luxury hotels nearby.  The host
government had been generous in providing hospitality to the foreigners
attending, and lost no opportunity to display the opportunities which existed
within its population.

Barbara had been five days at the fair, and had about had her fill of cocktail
parties and speeches by local dignitaries.  At lunch she shared her thoughts
with Ralph DeMaurice, her legal advisor.

"Ralph, are you getting much from all this talk?  I came here to do a marketing
job, and meeting with the local buyers and consumers is useful, but I've had it
up to here with the political hard sell we're getting.  Do you think these
bureaucrats really have anything worth listening to? Personally, I'm about ready
to pack up and get back home - you know I'm a new grandmother, and this isn't
the best time for me to be away!"

"Barb,  maybe your grand motherly instincts are getting in way of your hearing. 
They're not really wanting us to come into this city and set up sales outlets or
production facilities, though it sounds like that.  Now, I know you're a
marketer, and you look at sales opportunities.  What they want to do is sell to
us - they want to get foreign capital to build manufacturing plants here,
preferably light industry, like, say, ours.  But they don't want any more
building in the capital.  That's why you here some much about the 'Terranovas' "

"And have you figured out what these Terranovas are?  I've heard the word, but
my time has been with the buyers, or ones we think might be buyers.  They don't
seem to have much to say about it."

At that point, Mark Atwood, who represented an electronics firm, approached the
table.  "This seat vacant?  May I join you?"

"Of course", Barbara replied, her best sales style showing. Mark seated himself.

"Mark, Barb and I have been talking about the Terranovas - you sat in on the
seminar about some of them yesterday.  Maybe you could explain the concept to
Barbara."

"The Terranovas?  Well, I'll try.  Terranova, of course, is just a way of saying
new ground - and that's basically what they are.  By the way, are you set up for
the tours to any of them Friday?"

Barbara smiled. "Of course. I wasn't sure what the concept was, but I saw the
sign up forms for the tours, and naturally our good friend the Minister is
paying for them. I've had enough of this city, and so I picked the one that
looked like it was the farthest away - that's Terranova Five. I figured it would
give me a good chance to see the countryside at someone else's expense!"

She laughed a bit at her reasoning.  Mark continued.  "You'll find it's a sales
pitch.  As you have seen this city is awash in people - they keep coming in from
the countryside, and all the facilities are overtaxed.  There's not enough
housing, or water, or telephone lines, or really anything.  But out  in the
countryside, there's a lot of land and not much of it is crowded, because the
people, especially the young ones, are gravitating to the city."

"To get jobs, and better pay - as they do in so many countries around this old
earth", Ralph observed.

Mark went on.  "The government has come up with the idea of creating small
industrial centers - something like industrial parks - near a number of the
outlying towns and villages.  They have selected a number of sites, not in the
little towns, but near them, and they have called them Terranovas. I suppose
each will eventually get a name, but right now they just go by numbers. Nothing
is really built there just yet, but they are hoping."

Barbara was listening with care. "Hoping for some company like us to decide to
stick a factory out there and pay for it, then hire the local people to staff
it?"

"Exactly", Mark continued.  "My company has at least a little interest.  The
idea is that if small factories are set up at these sites, the workers will not
come primarily from the little towns, but will come from the capital and will
decide to move back out to these areas to get  better employment and probably
cleaner air and somewhat more spacious living.  Many of the little towns have
lots of vacant houses, or land where houses could be built, because people have
been moving out of the little communities.  To get foreign companies to build
these plants, the government is offering incentives - tax relief, relaxation of
labor laws, and even some help with financing. It may not be a bad thing to look
at."

Ralph interjected, "But - and I heard it's a big but - this hasn't been given a
lot of publicity in the country. It's mostly being promoted among foreigners. 
What I heard is that there is political opposition.  What did you hear?"

"Someone mentioned that, but not the Minister or any of his bureaucrats.  There
does not seem to be any real opposition in the government, or in the city here. 
These people seem to be all for it. Now, I would think most of the people in the
small towns affected would be for it, too; because, if it happens, it will bring
a lot of money and jobs into their communities."

"Then who opposes it - other than ones like us, who would wind up footing the
bill if we decide to participate?" Barbara asked.

"It seems that there are some in the rural areas, the small towns, who really
don't like the idea of bringing people from the city back into their towns. 
They've sort of said 'good riddance' to many of them when they left, and won't
welcome them back.  Some of these people just like the small town way of life,
and the see the Terranova plan as bringing them an influx of strangers, a lot of
congestion, and, in short, big city problems."

"Is the opposition active, then?  I heard there were some demonstrations", Ralph
asked.

"Not violent ones, as far as I know.  This country is pretty stable. But there
apparently have been some protest marches, people sticking up signs, things like
that.  I really don't think it's much to be concerned about at this point."

"Anyway", Barbara observed, "we will see that Friday when we go on the tours. 
Since I'm going to Terranova Five, I was told it will be an all day trip, from
morning to late evening.  I'm not sure I'm sold on buying into the Terranovas,
but I plan to enjoy the chance to get out of the city and see the countryside,
as long as I have to be here anyway!"

"Going to the banquet Thursday night, Barb?" Ralph inquired, then added
thoughtfully, "Free, you know.  Courtesy of the Ministry".

"Wouldn't miss it. Right price.  And Ralph, don't you dare try to put it on your
expense account!" Barbara pointed a threatening finger as she laughed a bit.

The banquet indeed ran late, and it was nearly midnight when Barbara got back to
her room. She noted that the tours on Friday were to leave early, hers at seven
thirty.  The night would be short, she noted.  She laid out her clothes for the
tour, glad to be able to dress casually for once, instead of having to present
the proper image of corporate dignity.

Friday morning saw crowds of delegates milling around waiting for the tour buses
to visit the Terranovas.  She noted only forty people had signed up for her
tour, to the most distant location. The shorter trips were obviously more
popular, some requiring more than one bus to accommodate those who had signed
up.

She found the bus designated for Terranova Five.  A few people were standing
around it, and others came in.  Barbara recognized one woman she had encountered
briefly before, and went over to her.  "Hi - I'm Barbara Waleski - I think we
met in the seminar on Tuesday? Do help me recall your name."

"Nora - Nora Concannon.  Yes, we did meet.  I have my secretary with me, here
somewhere; oh, there she is!  Evelyn, I want you to meet Barbara - she sells
chemicals or some such!"

The women exchanged greetings, as the bus began to board.

Although forty persons had signed up, only 37 actually boarded - 32 men, and 5
women.  There was also a driver and a representative of the Industrial Ministry,
both men.  Barbara noted the gender difference.  "Well, ladies, it looks like
we're in the minority - as usual.  We're outnumbered about six to one!"

"Seems fair," Nora observed confidently.

Once aboard, they were treated to a rather thorough and prolonged briefing by
their tour guide, who turned out to be a long winded minor bureaucrat named
Antonio Gonzalez.  He was at once humorous, cheerful, loud, and never at a loss
for words.  He mentioned a few sites of interest in the city, as they passed,
but devoted most of his extensive discourse to the need to move people out of
the city to the countryside and how the Terranova plan would address it.

Barbara was the only one from her company on this bus, and she really hadn't
planned to do any heavy research on what they were to shown.  However, she might
be asked about the plan, so she felt it prudent to get out her notebook and
record a few notes about what was said.  She rather quickly lost interest,
however, when the bus reached the limits of the city and set off on a rural
road.

"Ah, fresh air" she noted to Nora, sitting beside her. "About time after all
that pollution we've been living in!"

"Get used to it - we have almost two hundred kilometers to go to get to the
Terranova Five site!"

"Good. I like the country - but this is the best part of it I've seen!"

Like two tourists they focused more on the sights outside, only occasionally
mentioned by Tony, as he asked them to call him, than on his continued emphasis
on Terranova.  However, as Nora observed, "They're paying for this, so I suppose
they have a right to talk about whatever they want!"

The bus did make a couple of short stops at sites of some touristic interest,
but not for long; as the guide and driver seemed intent on getting them to their
destination with minimum delay.

The route passed through hill country, covered with fairly lush tropical or
subtropical vegetation, according to the altitude.  There were a number of small
farms and a few villages, but for the most part their route lay through a thinly
populated rural region.

After about three hours of driving, they approached a village they guessed was
about ten kilometers  from their destination.  Tony had explained that the site
of Terranova Five lay not far from the town of Nuevo Campinas, which they would
visit after seeing the site. This little village ahead was not the town they had
expected to approach, but the bus suddenly came to a halt in the middle of the
road.

"What is this for?  There seems to be some obstruction in front of us," Barbara
noted, trying to see ahead of the bus.  Several passengers craned their necks
trying to see what was in front of them.  Their guide, never before at a loss
for words, left the bus with the driver.

Through the windows, they could see a number of men, apparently somewhat
agitated, moving about.  Several walked around the bus, looking up into the
windows.  Voices were heard, now quite noisy and seemingly disturbed about
something. 

Clark, a man sitting across from Barbara, turned to her. "I think we have a
problem.  These fellows don't seem to want to let us through, and they are
taking our driver and Tony away to some building."

"Are they police?" someone asked.

"No, there are no uniforms. I don't know who they are!" one of the passengers
replied.

All of them waited.  A man near the back called out, "Can't we get out, if
there's a delay?  Some of us need a bathroom stop - we haven't had one since the
hotel!"

"Better stay on the bus", came a reply.

Nora turned quietly to Barbara. "That guy who wanted a bathroom stop could have
been me! I sure could use one!"

Overhearing, Clark admonished them, "Better stay with it for now.  I am not sure
what's happening!"

They had not long to wait.  A man dressed in very casual attire, but speaking
fairly good English, climbed on the bus and called for the attention of the
passengers.

"Friends - we welcome you to Nuevo Campinas, which is where you are going to be
for a while. Your driver will be replaced by a new driver.  I am Miguel
Mortinas, representing the People's Committee of Nuevo Campinas.  You can call
me Mike." He smiled at the anglicized version of his name.

"My friends and I will take you into the town of Nuevo Campinas, which is about
fifteen kilometers away.  You will not be going to what the government has
called Terranova, as the People's Committee does not recognize the government's
plan, which would disrupt our town and our way of life.  You must understand
that we bear no ill will to you, as you are guests in our country; but we must
show our government that the Terranovas must not be built.  Unfortunately, you
were sent here by the government ministry that is planning the Terranovas, and
your companies are those which might come into our area to build factories we do
not want.  We must impress you, your companies, and especially our government,
that their ideas are unacceptable to the people of this area.  I regret very
much that we must use you to show our disapproval, but that is what we must do
to preserve our way of life.  We are a peaceful people, and our actions are
peaceful, but you must understand they are necessary and we are determined."

He stopped for a moment, apparently for emphasis. Meanwhile, two other men had
climbed aboard the bus, and one took the drivers seat.

"We mean you no harm, but you must stay with us for a time.  If you do what we
ask of you, you will be able to return later.  We do not intend to harm you,
but, I must point out, we are determined and we are many.  Some of my men are
armed, but we are not trying to scare you with weapons.  Instead, we want you to
come to a party in our town!  We insist you must come - you will be the biggest
part of our celebrations!  But, please, we mean no personal ill will to you. So
please cooperate with us and all will be well!"

The passengers turned to each other. "Looks like we're being hijacked", one
noted.

Al, sitting near the front, turned to those behind, saying "You got the message
about their weapons, didn't you?  I think it's best to cooperate.  We're way the
heck out in the hills!"

"Who's going to help us?"

Another man was more thoughtful. "We're going to be missed - the police, and if
need be, the army, will be coming for us.  We don't need to make any trouble
ourselves.  They just want to make a protest and get a lot of publicity, and
this will probably do it.  Play along with them - they've no reason to hurt us!"

Barbara looked at Nora.  "I don't like this, but it does liven up the day.  But,
we might as well make the best of it.  They're not going to miss us back sat the
hotel until late tonight - maybe not until tomorrow!"

Nora was a bit more pessimistic. "I wish I could feel good about it.  But I
don't.  And I still need a bathroom."

Miguel, or Mike, smiled at them, but continued to explain firmly that their
cooperation was needed; and he insisted that if it was, things would be
peaceful.  He left unsaid what would be the consequences if they were
uncooperative.

The bus continued along the road for perhaps half an hour.  They came into the
town of Nuevo Campinas, and the passengers could see townspeople out in the
streets looking at them.  Their arrival was not unplanned.  Something was going
to happen.

The bus came to a halt outside a building which apparently served as a market. 
It was a large, open-sided structure with an assortment of tables under the
roof.  It was largely empty, but in front of it barricades had been set up, and
a number of men, and a few women, were placed around them.

The door opened.  Miguel told the passengers, "OK - everybody out; go over by
the tables. Leave all your things on the bus.  You will not need anything!"

The passengers, all thirty seven, filed out of the bus, and headed for the
designated area.  More and more people came, forming a cordon around the
barricaded area.

They were allowed to carry nothing with them.  A woman who tried to take her
purse was instructed to leave it on the bus.

After the passengers were assembled under the roof, Miguel stood in front of
them and addressed them. 

"We want you to know we are not thieves - we intend to keep nothing of your
belongings. What you have left on the bus will be taken back to the city with it
- but all in time.  Your driver and the government man will not be harmed either
- they will be taken back to the city, too.  Now, if you continue to cooperate,
you, too, will go back to the city - but not for awhile.  We need you to be part
of our little party, here.  Now we must get you ready for our party and our
parade!"

He hesitated a moment for emphasis.  Then he gave a loud command.

"Strip.  All of you.  Take your clothes off - put them on the tables! They will
not be stolen, we will put them on the bus and send them back with it.  But for
our party, you no longer need them! Now - everything comes off!  Men must strip
naked - but as for the ladies, we are courteous to the ladies - they may keep on
their shoes and underwear.  Now - please start!"

He was firm.  The group exchanged glances.  There were grumbles and shrugs, but
the obvious consensus was to comply.  There seemed to be no alternative.

Clark looked to Barbara, standing near him.  "At least you get to keep your
underwear! Let's be thankful for small blessings. Well, ladies, I never planned
to do this in front of you, but--".  With a resigned look he began to take off
his shoes.  Other men had started to remove their footwear and shirts.  Those
with jackets were taking them off.

Three of the five women collected together slowly.  None of them had started to
remove anything so far; they just looked at each other.  Two other women were
scattered among the men in the group.

"Well, girls" one woman announced, "we'd better get started before they change
the rules. At least we're allowed shoes and underwear!"

Barbara slipped off her jacket, then started to unbutton her shirt.  "I feel
sorry for the men - they didn't get any kind of break! They lose everything!"

"We'll get it back - they said so", observed Nora, rather cynically.

"Do I detect skepticism there?  Here, I'm Grace Collins - I'd rather say hello
now than have to meet you in my underwear later!"

"What counts as underwear?" asked Evelyn, not one of the first three, but coming
over to join them.

"Underpants and a bra", Grace answered emphatically. "Don't push your luck, and
if you don't have a bra, you're in trouble!"

Evelyn was wearing a blouse and skirt, the only female not clad in pants. "I
asked, because I have a half-slip on under this skirt - I wonder if they'd let
me keep it ?"

"You're pushing your luck, lady", Grace informed her.  "We're going to wind up
in panties and bras, and I'd suggest you do the same.  Be glad you're not a
man!"

Around them, men were removing their garments and placing them on the tables. 
One man was already down to a pair of boxer shorts.  Several of the men were
making nervous glances at the women.

Miguel watched, but didn't seem to try to hurry the pace.  He had positioned
himself where he had a good view of the women, but also kept the men in his
view.  Around the barricades, many people had now gathered, men, women, even
children; all looking eagerly at these North Americans and Europeans getting out
of their clothes.

Barbara, her shirt off and sliding down her pants, looked up and saw a man now
naked, his white skin showing no tan at all.  "Like me", she thought.   Another
naked man was facing her, caught her glance, and quickly reversed his posture,
only to find himself standing in front of three grinning local women leaning
over the barricade.

"This is terrible for the men!" Barbara muttered, to anyone who would listen. 
She had found it necessary to remove her shoes in order to get the pants off,
but quickly replaced them and then laid her removed clothing on a table.

"Do they want to separate mens' and womens' clothes?" asked Grace.

"All going to the same place. I don't think anyone will care", answered Nora,
now standing in a serviceable white bra and cotton panties.    A man facing her,
had just discarded his last bit of underwear and now found himself naked. He was
staring at Nora in her undergarments.  Suddenly realizing that she saw him, he
apologized, "Excuse me - I didn't mean to look. I don't want to make you
self-conscious!"

"Don't worry", Nora reassured him while staring back at his private parts,
"Everyone's looking. We can't hide.  I really don't mean to look, either, but I
can't do much about it!"

By now, a number of naked men were milling about, while a few others were still
delivering clothing to the tables or undoing shoelaces.  All of the women were
now done to pants and bras of varying styles.   Their guards were watching the
show.

At a signal, several men and women from beyond the barricades came forward and
started picking up the clothes from the tables, carrying the piles of clothing
back to the bus.

Barbara found Clark, standing not far from her, now fully stripped.  His eyes
had obviously been on the women, and as he turned to face her she noticed he had
an obvious erection.  Her eyes fell on it.

"I can't help it", he said to her quite sheepishly. " I never had to do anything
like this before, and I was watching what you had to go through, too! I -"

"You don't have to explain.  It's a natural reaction", Barbara returned.  "None
of us is comfortable with this". 

While the eyes of the crowd were mostly on the naked men, several of Miguel's
cohorts were in the area and it was obvious they were feasting their eyes on the
five women.  They were standing where they had a clear view of them, and the
broad smiles on their faces showed their reaction.

"Why do they have to look at us like that?  Like we were livestock at the county
fair?" commented a very annoyed Nora.

"Because we are at some kind of fair, and we are the show!  Why do you think
they made us strip, except to leer over us and humiliate us?"

The fifth woman came over to join them.  The youngest of the group, it seemed
she had been a secretary brought by her company to staff their exhibit.  She
seemed little older than a teenager, now dressed in bikini underpants and the
briefest of bras.  She was shaking and sweating.

"What will they do to us?" she nervously asked the other women.  "Are we going
to be --- attacked?"

Grace tried to reassure her.  "Probably not.  They didn't make us take all our
clothes off, which is a good sign.  I think they just want us to be embarrassed,
humiliated, scared stiff, or whatever - so we won't ever want to come back here
and our companies will never want anything to do with this place. But I don't
think they mean us any real harm.  It's all some kind of a demonstration, a show
of power-"

"Who knows what they want", Barbara chimed in. "If they want us to develop such
a distaste for this place we'll never recommend it to anyone, they've already
made their point.  Just look at these poor guys - not a shred of cover on any of
them!"

"That's, I guess, the one good part of it, if there is one", the new arrival
observed.  "I never saw so many undressed men in my life.  Oh, I'm glad they let
us keep a little bit on!"

"I haven't got much modesty left", Nora remarked, "but I sure need a bathroom. 
Worse than  ever!"

"You need to pee?" Myra, the new arrival asked.  "So do I.  I've needed to for
the last hour.  Think they'll let us?"

Grace scowled at them.  "Fat chance.  Right now, the word is hold it!"

"A number of the men were asking for a bathroom stop", Barbara noted. "That was
an hour ago.  You can guess how they feel now!"

Their attention was drawn to Miguel, who now was calling out orders.  He
instructed  all the men to form in a line, and to hold their hands behind their
backs.  This had the effect of making several men, who had been using their
hands to try to cover their genitals, to now expose themselves completely.

The men formed in a line, the front of which was aimed at a gap in the
barricades.  As the first man in line was called forward, two of the male guards
took his arms and bound them together behind his back.  Then the next was called
forward to receive the same treatment.

The first man then was moved forward to a second position, where several women
were in place. As he stopped in front of them, one woman immediately reached out
and seized his penis, holding it firmly and stretching it out a bit.  A second
woman then took two rubber bands and slipped them over his penis, allowing them
to snap in place.  He winced noticeably as he felt the snap of the rubber bands
tighten around his organ.

One of Miguel's associates told the men the reason.  "You won't be peeing for a
while.  That's just to help you control yourself!"

The men in line squirmed nervously and muttered among themselves, as they
realized what was being done.  The women picked up part of the conversation and
they, too, realized what was happening.

"Wonder what they'll do to us?" Evelyn pondered. 

"I think", Barbara speculated, "that any prospect of a bathroom break is being
postponed".

"Ohhhhh", Nora moaned at the thought, "I don't know how long I can hold back".

"Want them to put a rubber band on you?" Grace asked.

"Or worse" Myra responded nervously.

Miguel surveyed the situation, then called to the women to fall in at the end of
the line.  They did as instructed, with a mixture of curiosity and dread at what
would happen to them.

As the last man finished having his hands tied, Grace stepped forward, holding
her hands behind her, expecting them to be tied also.  To her great surprise,
she was told to just stand in position, while the rubber bands were applied to
the man in front of her.  Then, she was told just to move to the next station. 
She looked at one of her captors with a quizzical expression, as though as to
ask, "Why are you not tying me, too?"

Miguel, standing not far away, perceived her unspoken question.  "We told you we
are courteous to ladies.  As long as you cooperate, we see no need to tie your
hands!"

Grace moved forward.  Nora, behind her, asked Miguel, "Do we get rubber bands,
too? Where will you put them?" There was sarcasm and a note of defiance in her
voice.  Nonetheless, Miguel responded to her with his somewhat distorted version
of politeness.  "Where would you like them? No, you do not get the little
straps.  They are not tight enough to be painful, but they may cause a little
discomfort.  They will make it hard for the men to pee, and prevent any
accidents if some have trouble controlling themselves.  We do not think ladies
will use the street for a toilet, so we will not put bands on you!"

"Are you going to allow them to pee?" Grace demanded.  "None of us has had a
bathroom break since we left the hotel this morning!  Some of them need to pee
rather badly!"

"All in good time, ladies, but right now, we have other things to do first."

"How about us?" Nora called.  "Will we be allowed to pee?"

"You and your bladder!", Grace said to her softly. 

Miguel looked directly at Nora.  "Do you need to?"

"Absolutely!" Nora answered with emphasis.

"I will keep it in mind.  But, first things first.  You must follow along with
the "men!"

The group broke from the single file line into a loosely gathered group spread
across the street. They were flanked on each side by their captors, mostly men,
and were being marched down the center of the street.  The pavement was crude,
and some of the men were cringing as their bare feet landed on the  rough
stones.  Ahead of them, the group could see a crude sign being carried, its back
to them; and a truck was going ahead of them, with a man using a bull horn to
address the gathering crowds in Spanish.  With the man was another, equipped
with a video camera, recording the events, and especially focusing on the naked
marchers.

It was obvious they were being taken on a kind of parade.

Now that they were no longer in a line, several of the women broke from their
group and rejoined the men with whom they had been associates.  Barbara turned
to the nearest man, whose name she did not know, and asked "I think it is awful
what they're doing to you.  Do those rubber bands hurt badly?"

"They're pretty tight, but I can stand it.  What I'm afraid of, though, is
they're not going to let us relieve ourselves, which is why the bands are on,
and ----" he stopped, then turning away from Barbara, added, "Sorry - I
shouldn't be saying things like that to a lady".

"Go ahead," Barbara encouraged him.  "We're all in this together, and, for what
it's worth, there are five women here in pretty dire need of a ladies' room,
too."

She looked down at his penis, squeezed by the two tight bands.  It was flaccid,
but the bands were still compressing it noticeably. 

Not far away, Grace was walking next to a man who obviously was having an
erection he didn't want.  The rubber bands were tightly squeezing his erect
organ, and Grace perceived that they were causing him some distress.  She said
something intended to be comforting.  He wasn't comforted.  He rather roughly
answered her with, "Lady, you're not helping. The more you look the worse it's
going to be.  Just leave it alone - at least you've got your underpants on!"

It seemed obvious that they were being paraded around the town.  People seemed
to line the sides of the street, calling out to them, and making what they took
for jeers and catcalls.  For the most part, though, the onlookers were orderly. 
The bull horn continued to broadcast something about them from the truck ahead.

"What are they saying?" Grace asked of Jim, her erstwhile companion at the fair,
knowing he spoke the language.

"I think", he began, "the sign says something about the 'People's Committee of
Nuevo Campinas' and says that no foreign factories are going to be built here - 
he's telling them that any foreigners who come here to disrupt their life are
going to be treated---  oh, excuse me!"

He groaned for a moment, then began again, "He's saying any others that come
will be treated like we are being treated -  they don't want the Terranovas, and
their government must abandon - ouch!"

"Something bothering you?" she asked.

"I've got a heck of ache at the bottom of my stomach, that's all!"

"Are you sick - anything you ate?"

"More likely everything I - oh, oh,  drank for breakfast and before.  It's just
needing to be let out; and these cursed rubber bands aren't helping any.  Oh,
but you're lucky they didn't do anything like this to you!"

"Jim, I know the feeling - I may not have rubber bands but the women all need to
pee like - well, pretty awful, too.  We're all in it together!"

"At least you've got some clothes on -  nice of them to let the women keep some
of their dignity! We didn't get any!" He grimaced with his growing discomfort.

Something was happening ahead of them.  The march was slowing, as the truck
pulled ahead away from them.  The crowd ahead of them was filling the street. 
Their guards were holding open only a small path down the center of the road,
perhaps eighteen inches  wide.  Ropes were stretched along the sides of this
little path for a distance of perhaps forty feet.  The entire march halted as
their guards stood by.

"What's this?" Barbara asked, looking to Clark.  "Looks as though they are going
to make us go through that narrow gap - it'll have to be single file.  Look -
people are crowding up to the ropes. They're going to do something!"

"Looks like the people on the ropes are all women.  Are they going to make us
walk right between them?"

In a moment they had their answer.  One of the men was told to walk through the
path.  He immediately found his way hindered by hordes of female hands reaching
out to him, grasping mostly at his genitals.  They weren't holding him; if a
women touched him, she gave him a small tug or a squeeze and let it go.  Some of
them reached for his testicles, grabbing and squeezing quickly.

"They're making us run a gauntlet between crowds of pretty grabby women!" Clark
noted.  "Oh, if there was just a toilet at the other end it would be worth it!"

One by one, the men were made to walk through the path.  The women weren't
unduly rough, but each was trying to get a momentary grip on some piece of a
man's private parts. Most of the women were young, some probably teen-agers, but
a few were middle aged and even elderly.

Barbara turned to the other women near her. "This is terrible.  They're doing
everything they can to humiliate the men!  And they're making us part of it!"

"How are we part of it?  We're victims, too?" Grace retorted.

"They made the men strip off everything, but let us keep a few of our clothes.
But they made them strip in front of us, as well as the locals.  Now they are
making them go through this with the local women, and they probably will just
wave us through without a touch!  I tell you, they're using us to humiliate the
men with us!"

"Nothing we can do about it, Barbara!  We're victims, too!"

"Oh, yes, there is!  I've seen enough of this.  I'm not going to be part of
embarrassing the men any more!"  Barbara's words were emphatic.

"What can you do?" Evelyn asked.  "If we tried to help the men any way, they'd
stop us! There's nothing we can do about it!"

"Oh, yes, there is!" Barbara repeated.

Grace stared at her.  "What are you going to do?"  she inquired.

"What any red blooded woman ought to do in a situation like this!  They told us
we could keep our underwear and shoes on - they didn't say we had to!  Well - if
the men have to be naked, I will be, too!"   With a quick gesture, Barbara
reached down, pulled off her shoes, and tossed them to the crowd lining the
street.  While the astonished onlookers stared, she reached behind her back,
unhooked her bra, and threw it to the crowd on the other side.  Finally, she
pulled off her panties, and tossed them in the same manner.

Several of the naked men were looking in the women's direction and saw Barbara's
actions. They stared, standing still in their spots as they awaited their turn
for the gauntlet ahead.

The other women stared at Barbara, too..  Then Grace quickly began to do the
same thing. A moment later Nora followed suit, then Evelyn and Myra.  In seconds
all five of the women were naked and barefoot, just as the men were.

Now a number of men had turned and seen what the women were doing.  Their hands
cuffed behind them, they were unable to make any kind of hand gesture.  Suddenly
a voice went out, "Let's hear it for the ladies!"   A rousing cheer went up from
the the group of naked men, realizing they had now been joined in their nudity
by the women.

Their captors were dumfounded.  The men acting as guards just stood and stared.
Men on the sidelines pushed to the front, the better to view this new found
sight.

Meanwhile, the men continued to be sent through the gauntlet of groping female
hands. In a few more minutes, the last man stood in position to be started down
the path.  Behind him now stood five naked women, ranging from the slender and
youthful Myra to the more corpulent and graying Barbara. 

As the last man ran through the lines, the make up of the crowd began to change. 
Men pushed themselves into position along the ropes.  Some women drew back,
others held their place. 

Grace was the first of the women in line.  She was signaled to go down the path. 
Before she had gone even one foot, a male hand had grasped her left breast,
administering a hard squeeze. At the same time she felt a hand running over her
genitals.  As she moved, the other breast was groped, too.  Both men and women
were groping the naked captives, squeezing their breasts, pulling their nipples,
pulling their pubic hair and poking their genitals. 

Barbara pushed herself to second position in line, and went through the same
chaotic reaching of hands, aimed mostly at breasts and pubic regions.  It was
awful, and there was no way to avoid the constant handling.  Finally, she
emerged at the other end of the path.  She awaited the remaining three women who
still had to run the course.

The men were standing about, pushed rather closely together, and their captors
were preparing to march them further down the street.  Clark found Barbara after
she emerged, and spoke to her.

"Every man here thinks what you did was great!  I can't believe you women
voluntarily gave up the clothes they let you keep and then went through that!" 

Other men joined in support for the women.  One came up to Grace, remarking, "I
couldn't believe what I was seeing - five women stripping in the middle of the
street!  I still don't believe my eyes!"

"You might as well get a good look at us", Barbara returned, with a bit of a
smile. "Everyone else is looking at us.  No reason you shouldn't!"

After another three blocks of walking, they were stopped again.  Something was
happening up front.
Finally, they realized what was taking place.

Two of the naked men were taken from the group, by women who were leading them
by their penises.  They were taken a short distance away from the street and
made to stand facing a drainage ditch.  A crowd, mostly female, gathered around
them.

The women who led them then reached down and removed the rubber bands from their
sexual organs, then each held the penis of her captive and pointed it at the
ditch.  The men were then instructed to release their urine, as the women held
them.

With great relief, the first two men were quickly sending copious streams into
the ditch.  The waiting men realized what was occurring, and the response was
almost joyous.  "They're letting us pee!  Bless 'em!  They're actually going to
let us pee!"  one exclaimed.  Another cried out, "Oh, thanks for little
blessings!  We're really going to get to pee!"

Others followed.  Throughout the crowd, men with badly overfilled, aching
bladders rejoiced at the thought of relief.  It came slowly, though, as they
were taken by women, two at a time.

"What will they do with us?" Myra wondered.  "Do we get taken down there, too?"

The question was answered sooner than they expected.

Miguel came up to the women, another man at his side.  "Ladies", he addressed
them, "would you like to use the toilet?" he inquired, rather politely.

"Oh, would we ever!" answered Nora, her enthusiasm obvious.

"Carlos here will take you.  There is a toilet in that building", and he
indicated a small structure nearby. 

The five women, led by Carlos and guarded by another man, were escorted into the
building. Inside there were two rather grungy bathrooms.  He motioned for the
women to go ahead and use them.  Nora was the first to enter.  "At least there's
one advantage in being naked - nothing to unfasten or take down!" she observed,
seated herself on the toilet.

Grace was directed to the other toilet.  She started to go in, then hesitated. 
She turned to Carlos, shaking her head, and moved to withdraw.

Carlos was perplexed.  Evelyn looked at her.  "Don't you need to go?" she asked.
"I thought we were all pretty desperate!"  With that Evelyn started to go into
the toilet, but Grace called her.

"It's like the underclothes thing.  The men don't get a toilet in a bathroom -
they get taken to a dirty ditch, and have to stand there in the sight of
everyone, while they pee.  Even then, a woman takes them in the most humiliating
manner and has to take off those rubber bands and then hold them by their
private parts.  We get taken to an inside toilet and privacy!  Even if my
bladder aches, I'm not doing it!"

"She's right!" Barbara proclaimed.  "You saw how they reacted when we took off
our bras and pants to be like them!  I'm not going here, either. Even if I have
to squat and pee in the street!"

Myra then joined in. "Which you may well have to do.  Look, men are more used to
doing it in public than women! It's not that bad for them!"

"Then it won't be bad for us either!" Barbara retorted sharply.

At this point Nora came out of the toilet.  "Oh what glorious relief! Whose
turn--" she stopped short, seeing no one else had made a move to use the other
toilet.

"We're not using it" Myra said with emphasis, rethinking her position.  "We can
do it like the men  have to. If they can do it, we can do it!"

Thus one woman, smiling and with an empty bladder joined her four unrelieved
sisters in turning back and marching out of the building, as Carlos and his
associated watched in amazement.

The men captives standing by assumed the women had all used the toilet.  One
asked Barbara, "Feel better now?  It must have been a lot better than that ditch
up there!"

Barbara answered him without even looking in his direction.  "Four of us,
including me, decided we would wait for the ditch!"   His jaw dropped in a
moment of stunned silence as he contemplated her statement.

Grace, despite her resolve, was running out of endurance.  "That ditch is
looking better and better - but if I don't get to it soon, I'm going to leak!"

"Don't you dare!" Barbara warned her. "Not after we decided to use the ditch!"

The women, except for Nora, fell into the line of men waiting to be taken for
relief.  A man in the forward part of the line saw Grace moving into the line,
and courteously allowed her to step in front of him.  "Thanks - I don't know
your name-"

"Mark", he replied. "I didn't think they'd make women get in this kind of line. 
It must be rough for you.  But, I want you to know we all appreciated what you
did when you took off your clothes back there!"

A few minutes later, Grace stood at the head of the line, Mark behind her.  One
of the female escorts came back, leading one of the men back by holding his
penis. When he saw Grace, he averted his eyes, mortified at the thought of one
of the women in his group seeing him being led that way.

The woman escort looked at Grace. She seemed uncertain what to do with a female
captive. She hadn't expected women in this line. She consulted with a colleague,
then motioned to both Grace and Mark.  She stood aside, indicating that Grace
should lead Mark down to the ditch.  She spoke little English, but Grace got the
words, "Him first -  then you!"

Looking at Mark, she muttered a soft "I'm sorry, Mark!" as she gently grasped
his tightly bound penis.  He quickly answered, "It's OK. I would rather it was
you than her, anyway! Let's go!"

She led Mark down to the edge of the ditch.  Then she turned to him to remove
the rubber bands, now tightly stretched around his partially erect organ. 
Struggling a bit, she muttered an embarrassed, "I'm trying not to hurt you -
they are really tight, aren't they?"

Standing still, his hands bound behind him, Mark could only nod and await the
completion of her task and the blessed relief it portended.  Shortly she had the
bands off, and she aimed his organ at the ditch.  "All right - now you can let
go!" she told him.

It took a moment for his stream to start, but when it did, Grace was overtaken
by two powerful feelings - her obvious arousal at seeing his stream while she
was holding him; and a surge in her own bladder, demanding immediately the kind
of relief Mark was achieving,

Straining to repress her own urge, she held on as he continued to produce an
increasingly powerful stream that shot splashing into the pool at the bottom of
the ditch.  Quickly it was joined by a second stream from the next man who had
now been brought up.

Finally, he finished.  Grace realized it was her turn.  She released her grip on
his penis, and he turned his back to her to return.  On a whim, she pulled him
around to stand beside her and grasped his hand tightly, as she spread her own
legs.  At first she had been tempted to squat, but then she was seized with an
urge to accomplish the function as the men had to -standing.  Her legs spread,
and with male onlookers gawking, she squeezed Mark's hand even as she released
her own stream.

To be sure, she could not achieve the distance the men had, but her water shot
out to the bank of the ditch, from where it ran down inside.  She stood rigid,
her grip on Mark's hand tight, her body erect, her eyes looking straight ahead. 
She felt the stream pouring out of her, but did not lower her eyes to follow it. 
She noted, however, that Mark did.

When her bladder was empty, she released Mark's hand, turned around, and
grasping his penis as the others had done, she led him back to the group.

Her return was greeted by smiling approval from the others.  A few places behind
her, Myra had her place, and already she had turned to the man behind her,
indicating that he would be her partner when called.  As she moved to front of
the line, she received the same signals as Grace had, earlier.  Taking the man
by the penis, she led him down to the ditch, where she repeated the procedure
Grace had followed.    When her own turn came, she reached over and took her
partner's penis in her hand, as she leaned back slightly, projecting a strong
stream into the ditch.

Then she led him back to the group.  As she walked, she said softly to him,  "I
didn't think I could do that! Never did I do anything like that before!"

A bit farther, Barbara prepared for her turn.  Jim was behind her, and she
anticipated what she had observed with the other women.  However, they evidently
decided to change the ritual.  As Barbara came to the front of the line, the
woman who had led the last man back turned Jim around and untied his hands, then
used the cord to tie Barbara's hands behind her.  She noticed Miguel standing
and watching, apparently the one who had switched the signals.  He smilingly
told her, "You're the woman who started this business of being like the men -
we're going to let you be just like a man this time.  He can lead you!"

Wondering just how he would do it, with her hands now bound, Barbara watched the
woman guard take Jim's right hand and place it on her left breast, indicating he
should grasp it.  His fingers tightened around her nipple.  "Barbara", he told
her, "this doesn't mean anything - they're making me do it!"  Perhaps it was
unintentional, but Barbara noted that he tugged the nipple a bit toward him, and
her breast, more flexible than those of the younger women, now extended
considerably to her left side, giving her a very asymmetrical appearance as they
walked side by side.

"I know - go ahead.  We both need the relief - let get it over!"

This time Barbara was to go first.  She hadn't planned to stay standing, but it
was indicated that she must, presumably to be "like the men".  With Jim holding
her by the nipple, she spread her legs and released her stream.  While it poured
from her. she observed to Jim,  "Boy, does this ever feel good!  I've been
needing it for hours- look at all the people watching us!  You don't have to
wait for me - why don't you just go ahead?"

Taking her cue, Jim released his grip on her nipple and used his now freed hands
to remove the rubber bands from his penis, then released his stream which then
joined hers pouring into the ditch.

When they had finished, they returned to the group, Jim again leading her by the
nipple. As they passed the woman guard, she removed the bonds from Barbara's
hands and retied Jim's.

Jim seemed to feel he owed Barbara another apology. "I didn't want to hold you
that way - I hope it didn't hurt you!"

"Let's just say you found how far I can stretch.  No, it didn't hurt that
badly." She smiled at him.

When all of them had been relieved, they were marched a bit further, then herded
into small park where there were a few tables and some benches.  They could see
that there was some kind of food on the tables.  Miguel, as their host, welcomed
them into the park.

"My friends!  Our guests!  You must be tired. Perhaps you are hungry! Did you
not think we would feed you?  Please know that our hospitality is not lacking! 
Enjoy yourselves - there is plenty to eat and drink.  Relax a bit - for you will
need to be ready for the festivities of the evening!" immediately guards began
to unbind the hands of the male captives.

"The food looks good", a man remarked, "but the 'festivities of the evening'
sounds ominous - I'm not sure I look forward to that!"

Grace, overhearing him, added "Looks like we're going to be part of the
festivities whether we like it or not!"

They did get a break, though they were still all naked, exposed to the view of
each other and the townspeople and guards who surrounded the park area with
watchful eyes.  The tables were supplied with food, though hardly the luxury
type.  There were large pots filled with rice and beans, a large basket full of
fruit, a pile of bread, and containers of water and some kind of juice.  A
assortment of well used plates, cups, and eating utensils were stacked on a
table.

For those needing other forms of relief, they noted that the park was equipped
with a small building containing toilets.  However, the doors to the toilets,
one designated for men and one for women, were wired open, so that anyone using
the toilets would do so in full view of the numerous onlookers.

They were tired and hungry, and most partook of the food and drink, though quite
uneasy about what was to follow.

Someone noted, "This must be what you call a naked lunch!"  Several of them
laughed.  They were getting a bit used to their nudity, at least among
themselves. 

A male captive came up to Nora, noting "You women didn't have to take off the
clothes they let you have -  you could be standing here now, with at least a
little covering.  Why did you decide to do it?"   Her answer was her own
question.  "Would you rather we were here, with clothes, while all you guys had
to run around bare naked?"

He replied with one word, "No".

They were given almost two hours of relative peace, before the next activity
began.  Now the sunlight was fading, and the captives were wondering what would
be done with them during the night. 

The rest period over, their guards began a new activity.  Captives were
selected, two or three at a time, taken to the edge of the park, and their hands
were again bound with cord, but this time in front of them.  They were then
taken away.  There would be a lapse of ten minutes or so between groups being
removed.

The first four groups were all men.  Not until the fifth group did the guards
select a woman, and they chose Nora.  With two men, she was taken to have her
hands tied.

"What are they doing with them?" Grace wondered, looking at Barbara.

"I fear we are all going to find out shortly!  I hope Nora's OK - and I hope the
men are, too!"

Nora was led by a guard, holding her arm, down the street.  She was taken to
what appeared to be a market square, a moderate sized open space surrounded by
buildings, shops and small businesses.  Most the buildings had large overhangs
extending the roofs to cover the sidewalk area, the edge of the overhang being
supported by posts at intervals.  The buildings without overhangs in front were
now fronted with wooden frames, set on posts, with a horizontal beam being held
some seven feet off the ground.  She and her two male companions were led to a
place under one of the overhanging roofs, where they were made to stand facing
the open square, their backs to the sidewalk and storefronts.  Here their bound
arms were raised over their heads and attached by ropes to the roof above. They
could twist and turn, but could not bend over or move far from their positions.
They were left in this posture, Nora in the center between her two male
companions.

As Nora looked about, she saw others of the captives tied up in similar fashion. 
As each group was brought out, new locations were set up for them.  Meanwhile,
in the center of the square, a small band was setting up, tables with food and
drink were being arranged, and a variety of other supplies were being placed on
tables.

Finally, all the captives were tied in positions, and the festivities seemed
ready to begin.  People began milling all over the area.  Food and drink were
being served, the band was playing, and for the local people it seemed like a
great party was in the offing.

People were free to come up to the captives and touch them, and they did. 
Favorite items of attention were their private parts, the men's penises often
being tugged or touched by both men and women.  Nora was soon aware of a boy
tweaking her breasts.  The touching, though humiliating and annoying, was being
kept gentle, and there was no attempt to do injury to any of them.  Apparently
the people had been advised to keep their play within limits.

A man began haranguing the crowd with a bull horn.  First there was a long
address, then the music resumed and the people occupied themselves with the food
on the tables, and what appeared to be an abundance of drinks, of assorted
kinds.

Nora's left hand companion attempted to interpret the proceedings to Nora. 
"It's all about the Terranovas, and how they want to show that they disapprove
and that no foreigner should dare to come into this place to create a disruption
of their town.   He said something about signs the foreigners will bear - I
didn't quite get that.  The people were told they could play with us all they
want, but to be careful they don't harm us - he doesn't want anyone to come here
and say they had caused injuries.   Ouch!!" He ended his explanation as a girl
grasped his penis, tugged it, and started flipping it up and down.  He squirmed,
trying to free himself from her grasp, but she held on, looking into his face
and laughing.  Then she let go and wandered off.

The groping and handling went on, and they were powerless to stop it.  Then, a
new activity began. Several people came up to Nora and her companions,  carrying
small paint brushes and some kind of paint.  The man on her right let out an
exclamation as he felt something drawn down his back.  He tried to twist away,
but several people restrained him.  Then he realized something was being painted
on his back.

A few minutes later, Nora felt herself seized by several people and held still
while a paintbrush was used to apply some kind of lettering to her front -
beginning just below her shoulders and then down over her breasts and her
stomach, even to her pelvic area.

For quite a while the process went on, as each captive was turned into a
signboard - words being applied to various body parts, most often on their
backs, but on other areas too.  It was like they were to become walking
graffiti.  They soon realized the words were expressions of protest - complaints
about the Terranovas, the government, and warnings to foreigners to stay out.

While the painting was going on, people continued their periodic touching and
groping of the hostages. Someone apparently thought up a gesture of hospitality,
and decided to offer one of the captives a drink.  It appeared to be weak tea,
or something like that, but it was held to his mouth in a large cup, and then
poured into his mouth.

As the sign painting came to an apparent end and the party became more raucous,
the idea of giving drinks to the captives turned into a major event.  It became
almost a contest to see who could get one of the captives to drink the most
beverage.  People would stand around one of the naked captives and offer him
drinks, pouring it in his mouth if he would cooperate.  At first, there was some
appreciation for them, because the drinks offered were not offensive, and the
captives were getting tired and many were thirsty.

Now it became almost a feeding frenzy.  The captives could hardly speak to each
other, as people continually tried to get them to take more liquid.  Some
coughed and choked, but this only temporarily held off the offerings by the
captor townspeople. If the captives would not open their mouths to receive the
drinks offered, their noses would be held until they opened the mouth to
breathe, at which point a drink would be poured in.

They could hear the bull horn, instructing the people and admonishing them to go
easy, not to injure their captives, but just to be sure each received plenty.

At this point the captives were a mess.  They hadn't been allowed to wash all
day, and had been marched through dirty streets, barefoot.   Words and messages
of protest had been painted on the backs, as well as on many other parts. The
drinks they were being force fed spilled all over their faces and ran down their
bodies.  People had groped them all over, especially their private parts, and
some had paint or ink colors applied in spots.  Two men were sporting red
penises, a result of the application of extra paint.    Grace found she had one
green breast and one red.  

Barbara also had been tied between two men.  Looking about as best she was able,
she could see that the women had been separated, and no two women were together. 
She herself had been the victim of continual breast groping, as men tried to
make her breasts shake and stretch.  Her back and stomach now bore painted
signs, but no one had put a sign on her elsewhere.  She had been given more
drinks than she could count, mostly tea or water, as she judged by the taste;
and her stomach was beginning to feel bloated with its load of liquid.

After an hour or so, there was apparently an order given to stop force feeding
the captives, and the infusion of liquid to them came to an end. 

Nora looked to the only clock she could see.  It indicated a few minutes after
ten.  It was quite dark but the square itself was brilliantly lit.  All of the
captives were clearly visible in the lights which had been set up for the
festival.  Her right hand companion, whom she now knew as Bill, was expressing
some relief at reduced level of activity.  "Looks like they might be winding it
down.  I don't know what they'll do to us yet,  but my belly is loaded. I'm not
going to want a drink for a week!"

The man on her left echoed the feeling.  "I've had more than I can hold  And I
don't mind telling you, I've got to pee, and in the worst way!  I'd like to get
back to that ditch.  How are you doing, Nora?"

Nora was trying to get her breath.  She had belched several times, trying to
relieve her stomach of air she had gulped along with her liquid intake.  She
knew it seemed unladylike and not very polite, but she felt terribly bloated and
needed any kind of relief she could get.

"I'm just full - water, tea, whatever they poured in me.  I'm getting cramps in
my arms from standing like this, and my legs hurt.  And, oh, do I ever need to
pee!  What torture are they going to give us next?"

Bill decided he was at his limit.  "I don't know about you guys, but I've held
all the water I can- here goes!" With that, he relaxed his sphincters and began
to urinate into the street.  A forceful stream was coming out of him.   A young
girl came up immediately, and started manipulating his penis to move the stream
around.

Others were having to relieve themselves, too, in much the same way.  There was
a bit of a new game brewing, as several of the younger onlookers watched for a
captive to urinate, then rush to grasp his penis and play games with aiming his
urination.

Barbara watched this for a bit, then twisted her body toward her nearest
companion. "I"ve got to relieve myself, too - I wonder what they'll do with me!" 
She turned to the street and released her urine stream, which sprayed in front
of her and ran down her legs, soaking her feet.  Several men and boys came up to
her, watching, pointing, laughing, and  showing amused expressions.

They left the captives standing in position until about eleven o'clock, when
their guards began taking them down, but not releasing their bound hands. 
However, with their hands in front of them now, they could protect their
privates a bit from the continual gropings as they were taken away, they knew
not to where.

It developed their place for the night was to be a room in a small building. 
The room was about twenty-five feet square, lit with two glaring light bulbs
hanging overhead, with high windows and only one door.  It had a cement floor. 
The captives were led in. When all were inside, the door was closed, and, it
seemed, locked.

It appeared they were alone, and perhaps this was their hotel for the night.  No
beds, no blankets, no padding on the floor, and hardly roomy for thirty seven
people.  The floor was reasonably clean, but hard, and there was no furniture
except for one wooden table.  Looking under it, they found a  single drain hole,
perhaps four inches across, covered with an iron grill.

After most of an hour, Miguel opened the door and came in.  "Friends, we offer
you this for your room for the night.  It is not spacious, but we are a poor
community.  We will see you in the morning, about six.  Your bus and driver have
been sent back to the city, with your clothes. All of us thank you for your
excellent and generous participation in our little festival.  We hope you enjoy
the little markings you have acquired, and we hope you  will show them off to
our government officials and your friends when you return.  For tonight, if
anyone needs to use the toilet, our guards will open the door every two hours
and will take up to four people  if they need to go in the night.  Tomorrow, we
will have a farewell party for you!  Good night!"

The door closed and they were left with their thoughts.  It was now about
midnight.  Most of them were sitting or lying on the bare floor, using each
other's bodies as cushions or sitting with the walls as backrests.  A few were
sleeping.  All were exhausted.  All were dirty, messy, covered with painted
messages, and with the huge liquid intake they had been given, most were needing
to urinate in varying degrees of intensity.

The men were complaining of their discomforts.  It was cool, but not terribly
cold, and their collective body heat was keeping the room temperature at a
tolerable level.  They complained of the hard floors, their own untidiness, and
of tomorrow's uncertainty.  But, after another hour, most of the complaints were
of one overwhelming need - most of them needed to pee, and badly.

At least twelve men had placed themselves near the door, awaiting its promised
opening in another hour.  One loudly observed, "He said they would only take
four of us at a time!  That's an hour for four people - and at least three hours
for the rest!"

"I'm not going to be able to wait that long!" one man protested.  Someone
sitting on the floor said, "Look, why don't we use that drain?  At least it'll
be better than swimming in the mess we're going to have when some of us start
doing it on the floor!"

Several of them moved the table, leaving the small drain in an open area. 
Immediately one man knelt down beside it and, aiming his penis into it, started
urinating.  Several others took places behind him, forming a queue.  The process
was slow, even though two men could use it at a time if they took care.

"Be sure your aim is good - we don't want this place awash in pee!" one of the
men loudly instructed.

Nora was leaning on Grace, trying to get a bit of rest.  It was difficult.
Although she was exhausted, the light was in her eyes, the floor was hard, 
there was noise around, and her bladder was demanding relief.  She looked toward
the door, where eight men now stood, waiting for its promised opening, now about
fifteen minutes away.  "Think we should get in line for the door?  Maybe some of
the men would let us in the line?"

Grace looked at the line.  As she did, she noticed men breaking up the queue for
the drain hole, thinking it not a good idea for the guard who would open the
door to realize how they were using it.  Fearful that the door line might get
longer, she got up and moved toward it.  Grace followed her.  As Nora had hoped,
several men allowed the two women to go to the head of the line.  They waited.

At about the promised time, one of their guards opened the door, holding up four
fingers to signify four people.  The two women went quickly out, followed by the
two men next in line. The guard closed the door, and everyone waited about
twenty minutes, when the door again opened and the four were ushered back in. 
The door closed with a noisy slam.  Almost immediately, men again began to form
the queue for the drain hole.

Mark was near Evelyn, and asked her why she had not gone to the door.  "They
might have taken four women- you could have gone. Or don't you need to?"   She
looked back at him sympathetically.  "Do you think I needed to go worse than
those two men they took? My bladder probably isn't hurting any worse than theirs
was. I'm going to try for the other line - excuse me!"

She got up and went to the end of the queue for the drain hole. Eleven men were
in front of her. One turned and saw her, the first woman in that line. He
quickly said something to the men ahead of him, and quickly Evelyn was ushered
to the front of the line.   When the two men using the drain hole had finished,
they gestured for her to use it next.  The man behind her turned to the others
in line.  "Look, fellows, let's give the lady a bit of privacy.  Why don't you
turn your backs?" Most did, and Evelyn smiled an appreciative glance as she
positioned herself squatting over the hole.   Then she began a prolonged
urination, as her body rid itself of some of the huge amount of liquid she had
swallowed.

Waiting for her to finish, the man next in line asked her over his shoulder if
she was finished.  "No - still going" she answered, "I don't mean to hog it, but
I was awfully full!" Then she added, thoughtfully, "I know you are too - just a
minute or so."  Finally she finished, and moved away.  Aware of her dampened
lips and hair, she momentarily wished for something with which to dry herself,
but there was nothing.

The man beside Barbara asked her, gently. "Do you think you can wait for the
door?  It's going to be at least an hour and half!"
 
"No - I can't", she answered. "Might as well get in the other line now!" She
moved over to the line for the drain hole.  Immediately the man ahead of her
offered her to go ahead of him.  "I'll take my turn!" the steely faced
grandmother answered quickly.

Myra, the remaining female who had not moved to relieve herself, got up and went
to the end of the  line, now two places behind Barbara.  Like Barbara, she
declined to be moved ahead.

Barbara reached the head of the line, watching two men use the hole together. 
When they had finished, she moved to position herself over it.  The man behind,
as had been done for Evelyn, suggested to the men they turn their backs to allow
her some privacy.   Barbara stopped them. "You weren't given any privacy, and
we're all in the same situation.  I'll do without it, too.  Now two people have
been using it at once - you can use it with me, if you're not afraid!" she said
to the man next in line, then added with a smile, "And if your aim is good!"

She squatted over the hole, on the side away from the line, and indicated the
next man could come forward.  She spread her legs as wide as she could, allowing
him to kneel between her splayed legs and aim for the hole.  Suddenly her body
began releasing a torrent into the drain.  Her male hole mate tried to release
his stream, but found he was developing an erection as he watched her.  Finally
he got his own stream going.  Barbara finally finished, and got up, motioning
the next man to move in.

Myra, the youngest and arguably the prettiest of the women, finally got her
turn, Following part of Barbara's example, she declined the offer for the men to
turn their backs, but also declined to share the hole.  Relieved at last, she
moved away from it.

It was a long night.  The room was crowded and uncomfortable.  While there
remained a queue for the drain hole, much of the urgency had been relieved. 
Some managed to sleep, others just dozed a few moments at a time.

Grace awakened to see sunlight coming in the windows. She had managed at least
to nap, and now she felt cramped from her position sitting on the floor and 
with her back against the wall.  She looked down at herself, the sunlight
illuminating her body clearly and showing off the bizarre appearance of her
painted breasts - one red and one green.  She was almost laughing at her
ridiculous appearance.  She tried to scrape the paint with her fingernails, but
now it had dried hard and little came off.

Shortly, the door opened, and their quasi-gracious host, Miguel stepped into the
room.

"Good morning, my friends!" he began in what they began to believe was total
sarcasm.  "We have a breakfast for you, and then your farewell party!  You must
all come outside, now!"

They began to file out the door.  They were made to line up, single file, with
their guards watching on each side, and marched back to the square where they
had been given their meal the previous afternoon.   Once there, they found the
same tables, now set with a supply of bread, a bit of fruit, and a generous
supply of water, fruit juice, and weak coffee.

"You are welcome!  Enjoy yourselves!" Miguel instructed them.  They began to
take of the food and drinks.

As there had been no offer of a toilet break after they were awakened, several
moved to use the toilets in the small park.  Of course, the doors were still
wired open, so those who used the facilities did so in full view of not only
other captives but the numerous onlookers who were gathering.  Nonetheless,
lines began to form in front of each of the two toilets.

They were given about an hour to eat and fortify themselves for the day.  They
looked at themselves.  They were a sorry looking lot.  All were naked, and no
one had bathed for a day.  They had no combs, no razors, no deodorants.  The men
were unshaven, and all had uncombed hair. They were dirty, and a certain amount
of body odor was becoming evident.  They were all painted with slogans and
messages, and some of their body parts were smeared with paint. The paint was
now dry and virtually unremovable by any means available to them. 

Miguel now announced that they would have to go for photographs, to "record a
memory of this time you have been with us!" as he put it.

One at a time they were taken outside the park, to a place where each was made
to stand against a wall while two photographs were taken; one full frontal, one
back view. 

"Looks like they're going to use us for cover girls and boys," Barbara noted in
disgust. 

"I guess they don't care how we look -  we're all such a mess!" Grace noted.

Once the pictures were taken, they were formed up into a double line and again
their guards went down the ranks, binding each captive's hands behind his or her
back.  This time there were no exceptions for the women.  Then they were marched
back down the streets, two abreast.

Periodically, there were made to stop and face outward. This gave them a short
rest period, but while they were standing stationary, once more local citizens
were allowed to come up to them and amuse themselves with the genitals and
breasts of the captives. Many took advantage of this opportunity.

The process went on for the rest of the morning.  As noon approached, Miguel
again addressed them.  "Perhaps you are now a bit weary.  We have enjoyed having
you with us, but the party is nearly over and it is almost time to say good-by.
We cannot offer you lunch, but we will provide you some drinks."  They saw a
bench at the side of the road, on which containers of water and weak tea were
placed, with a small number of cups.  The guards untied their bound hands, but
kept watch around them.

"I've had enough of that tea to last a lifetime!" Mark almost snarled as he
looked at what was offered.  Still, there was a limited alternative.  They began
to drink of what was available, sharing cups as there were many fewer cups than
captives.

"For those who need relief, this way - and two at a time, please!" Miguel
pointed the way back to that ditch they had used in pairs the previous day. 
There was, as usual, a catch.  Anyone wanting to go and relieve himself must
first have drunk of the fluids offered, and then again had his hands bound
behind him.    Two at a time, they went down to the ditch to urinate, crowds
watching them.

Grace was among the first of the women to be escorted to the ditch, along with
one of the men.  As she stood on its edge, she started to squat, and was
immediately pulled back up.  "Stand!" she was told, firmly.   She stood and
released her water in that posture.

When those who sought relief came back, their hands were not unbound.  Instead,
those who had not gone to ditch were tied in like manner, and the whole group
were taken down a side road for a bit, where they saw two ancient, rather
decrepit trucks, their beds open but with low sides.  Several boxes had been
stacked to make a type of steps to allow them to board.  They were directed to
load up, still with hands bound behind them.  Then they were made to sit on the
truck beds.

After all had been loaded, the trucks were started. 

"Now where are we going?" was the standard question.  Their seemed to be no
certain answer.  Several of their captors rode each truck to insure they made no
attempt to leave, but their destination was not announced.

They wandered down lonely country roads through the rural region.  For two hours
the vehicles meandered through small roads.  Eventually they were stopped at a
point that seemed desolate.  There was a flat grassy area to one side of the
road, but no buildings or evidence of any local population.

They were ordered out of the trucks, and assembled in the flat open area. 
Miguel stood before them.  "It is time to say good-by.  We will miss you, we
wish you well, but we do not wish for your return.  We hope you have the same
feeling.  We want our towns to remain as they are, and not to be polluted by new
factories and warehouses.  We hope you will remember this.  Now we will leave
you!"

"Where are we?" One called out.

"You do not need to know," Miguel answered.  "The Federal Police are being told
where you are. You will be rescued.  Do not try to leave here and you will be
all right.  Now we go. Good-by!" He waved merrily to them, and the two trucks
drove off, leaving thirty seven naked people with bound hands, standing in the
grass.

At first they could do nothing but mutter to each other about their plight.  
Then they began to try to help themselves.  Mark suggested they back up to each
other, everyone trying to free the bonds of his partner.  They struggled with
the cords for a number of minutes, but finally one man was able to get his hands
free.  From that point on, it was easy, as they began to untie one another.

"Free at last" Jim called out, with a big smile.

"Free in the jungle of Heaven-knows-where!" someone answered him.

They conferred, finally deciding their best course of action was to remain
together for the time being, in the hopes that there really would be a rescue. 
So they waited.  Some sat or laid on the grass.  Some walked around aimlessly.

Several of the men stood at the edge of the clearing to relieve themselves.

Evelyn tapped on Grace, saying "Look - there's a bush!  I can go behind it and
pee in privacy!"

Grace opened her arms, and looked down at her bi-colored breasts.  "At this
point" she declared, "Who needs privacy!"  With that she squatted where she was
and started to urinate.  Mark, standing close by, turned and looked directly at
her, pouring a stream on the ground.

"Two days ago, I would never have let you see me like this!  Now I'm past
caring!  Look all you want!"  she told him, almost laughing.  She glanced down
at herself. "Look - one red and one green! Did you ever see anyone colored like
that?" She seemed amused at her own absurd appearance.

Mark pointed to another man.  "See Patrick?  Look what they did to him!"  Grace
stared at the man's penis - painted red.  She went over to him and inquired,
rather brazenly, "Will you be able to get that off?"

"Could have been worse", Patrick replied.  "I'm Irish - suppose they had done it
in orange?" He laughed at his own predicament.

Gradually, the captives were developing a rapport with each other - sharing in
the absurdity of their appearances.  They were openly looking at each other and
trying to decipher the markings each bore.   Though they were all naked and of
mixed genders, they were arriving at a camaderie born of the experience they had
been put through.  They had ceased to be embarrassed at displaying their nude
bodies to each other - now nudity had become a mark of honor, a sign of the
adventure they had shared.  They were beginning to relax and recover.

They waited for what must have been hours.  They had no idea where they were,
and not a single vehicle had passed down the road. They were getting hungry and
some were thirsty again.  They considered alternative strategies, but stopped as
they heard the approaching sounds of a helicopter.

Then they saw it.  It was a military helicopter, and it flew over them slowly,
then gradually descended on the road.  As it settled, two men in uniforms
stepped out.  They stopped and stared at the naked group.

One called out in English, "Have you no clothes?"   The answer was obvious.  The
uniformed men informed them rescue was indeed on the way, and that a bus had
been dispatched to pick them up.  They would now radio precise instructions for
the rescuers to follow.

Then they continued to stand and stare at the sight.  Naked people, smeared with
paint, covered with slogans and writings, dirty and disheveled.  No one tried to
hide or cover themselves from view.

It took another hour, but three police cars, followed shortly by a bus,
appeared.  They were quickly greeted by the police and then ushered into the
bus.  Unfortunately, their rescuers, knowing of their location but not their
condition, had no clothes to offer them.  They did have some food in the bus,
which was quickly distributed and consumed.

Aboard the bus, they were taken back to the capital, three hours away.  The bus
stopped briefly to obtain more food for them at a village shop, but none of them
left the bus, preferring to go back to the capital instead of wasting time
looking for clothing.

Finally, back in the city, the bus pulled up to the hotel from which they had
left early the previous day.  It was now dark, and as they approached the hotel,
a welcoming crowd was in evidence.  As the bus stopped, some were expecting the
passengers to disembark, but they remained aboard.  From somewhere a supply of
plastic coats had been obtained, and these were hastily passed up the steps to
the bus.

Inside, the coats were quickly passed out to the passengers, who now could cover
themselves.  Once so attired, they began to disembark.

As Barbara stepped off the bus, Ralph, her legal advisor, was awaiting her. 
"Barbara!" he called out.  "Are you OK?  We heard all kinds of stories about
you.  We understand there was even a videotape of you that was delivered to the
police, but they wouldn't let us see it.  What happened?"

She came up to him, gripping the sides of her ill-fitting coat. "Don't you ever
let them show that videotape!  And don't you ever look at it, either!" she fumed
at him.

"OK, Barbara.  We just wanted to see that you're OK.  We can talk about it
later!" He held out his hand in greeting.

Barbara released the grasp on her coat, which she had not yet figured out how to
fasten, to receive his hand in greeting.  As she did, the coat fell open,
exposing her paint smeared breasts and her body down to her pubic hair.  Ralph
received her hand, but stared in surprise at what he saw.

"Oh, that", Barbara noted with a bit of a smile, but not a hint of embarrassment
or fractured modesty,  "I'll have to remember that I'm back where we're supposed
to wear clothes!"


END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Francine


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





