BDSM Library - What Little Boys Cum 4




What Little Boys Cum 4
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: To keep her secret, she agreed to be tied up again by him. But the plan of him and his buddies is much more than that.
A Follow up to What Little Girls R 4.
        
                             By PAGAN.

WHAT LITTLE BOYS CUM 4.


 It had been three months since the episode at the farmhouse,the men were guilty
anyway so no court case came of it and life for Pat was getting back to
normal,the worse thing had been the girl`s but slowly they came to terms with it
and went back to school.Today started as usual,Pete had gone to see a client and
would be back tomorrow, the girls to school,it must have been about ten when
there was a knock on the back door and Alan came in.

He put his duffel bag down on the kitchen table as a startled Pat asked,"Hello
Alan,shouldn`t you be at school?"he sat down and looked up at her,"Yes,but I
have something to say to you,I need to say it as it`s affecting my school work
and home life,it`s about the farmhouse,I can`t stop thinking about it",she sat
beside him,"Go on",Alan took a deep breath,"Why didn`t you tell them about what
you and I did,you see I think they were right you do like being tied up",Pat
stood up,"Don`t be ridicules,I just didn`t think people should know,why?"Alan`s
voice became stronger,"I have got to tell,you see I can`t sleep because of
it,Mum caught me playing with myself and my teachers keep shouting at me for
being asleep at school,so I have to do something about it".

Pat suddenly felt sick and inside there was panic,"What do you mean,do
something,you can`t tell your Mum or Dad,they would only tell Uncle Peter and
things would be very diffecult all round,"Alan smiled,"You mean diffecult for
you,but if you want to make things better there is one thing you could do".

Pat stiffened ,"What thing?"Alan held his duffel bag,"I want to tie you up
again,I`ve brought some rope,"he opened the bag,Pat shut it fast,"You must be
joking,I can`t allow that,you go,just go,"Alan got up and stared at his Aunt,"O
K I will tell Mum and Dad what`s troubling me we will take it from there",he
turned to leave but he hadn`t reached the door handle before Pat spoke,"Alan
please there must be another way,think of me,"Alan turned,"All I do is think of
you and that`s the only way".

Pat looked down at the floor,"If all you want is to tie me then maybe if we made
it quick,but this is it ,no more,this is just as a thank you for saving our
lives",Alan`s eye`s shone,"O K I understand,let`s get started".Pat took off her
apron and was standing there in her blouse and skirt,she put her hands together
and held them forward,"Oh no behind you and crossed",as Alan got a long piece of
rope from the bag then criss crossed her wrist`s leaving the long end on the
floor,he went to the bag took out cloth and went back to her,"Open wide,"Pat
glared at him,"You don`t have to gag me,"he pushed the cloth at her mouth,"Oh
but I do,come on,"and he pushed very hard until Pat reluctantly open her
mouth,the gag was in and secured,"Now for the best bit",Alan bent down between
her ankles and picked up the rope that was attached to her wrists and pulled it
up between her legs dragging her towards the stairs.

Pat muffled through the gag as Alan pulled hard making her skirt ride up in the
middle,"Come on Aunty we must have you wriggling on a bed to make it look
right",he tugged her up the stairs and into her own bedroom,pulling her towards
the bed.He jumped over the bed pulling her over so she fell,he grabbed her legs
and pulled them onto the bed,taking the rope and tying them at the knee and
ankle,"Come on Aunty try and get free,if you don`t I have some more rope in my
bag I could really truss you up".

Pat lay on her own bed struggling to get free but she was bound tight,Alan
smiled at the beautiful woman,he felt the hard bulge in his trousers as he
watched her skirt move catching a look at the top of her stockings as she moved
and made moaning noises at him to release her.

Alan had other plans and left her to struggle on her own while he went down
stairs,Pat suddenly froze and laid still she could hear voices,she could make
out Alan's but there were two more,she laid there helpless as the voices got
louder,they were coming upstairs.Alan walked through the door carrying his
duffel bag followed by two more boys of about his age,he ushered them to the end
of the bed,"See,I told you she likes being tied up".

Pat made more noises in to her gag but Alan had filled her mouth and nothing
made sense,finally she gave up and looked at the three face`s admiring her,Alan
was the first to speak,"Come on Aunty move around a bit,I`ve got that rope and
some assistants if you want to play some more".

Alan smiled at her in triumph at his last remark and turned to the other two,"I
told you she was a good looker,was I right or was I right",the one on his left
nodded,"Ya but I didn`t think she would have all her clothes on,not with what
you`d said", before Alan could answer loud muffled sounds came from the
bed,"What did you want to see,"Alan carried on,taking no notice of the
noises,"At least her knickers and bra,"he waited for a reply but added,"To start
with".Pat`s head strained up to look at Alan but he was looking at his
friend,"You want to see her knickers then you know where they are,have a
peek,"Pat shock her head and tried to scream,her eyes fixed on to the boy and
looked him up and down,she noticed to her horror a large bulge in his trouser`s
she immediately looked at the other two and their trouser`s were the same,as she
looked the first boy moved towards her.

Pat tried to move but every time she did the rope from her leg`s tightened the
one on her wrist she watched Alan go to his bag, pull out more rope and go to
the end of the bed,loop it round and pull the end up the middle fastening it to
her ankles forcing her leg`s straight.He stood back and nodded to his friend who
looked in to Pat`s eye`s as his right hand picked up the hem of her skirt,they
could just make out the word," Noooo" as he looked up and down her perfect legs
lifting her hem higher untill his eyes feasted on her naked thighs and the
crutch of her knickers,with a smile he changed hands and put his right  hand
down on her leg feeling the sheer stocking he slid his hand up,Alan feeling the
power he had in the room said,"I thought you just wanted to see her knickers",he
stopped and looked,"Just kidding,my Aunty won`t mind,go on Dick enjoy,infact why
doesn`t Des join you, Aunty has got two leg`s for twice the fun".

Pat`s head hurt as she tried to keep it up shaking it violently as the two boy`s
held her skirt up, their other hands sliding up her leg`s rubbing her stockings
letting their fingers touch her naked thigh,she tried to move down the bed
pulling her legs left and right,Alan pulled the bed away from the wall and took
some more rope tying it at the top,down and looped it round her neck and started
to pull, forcing Pat to move back up until her legs were straight again then he
tied it off,"Come on Aunty your enjoying this".

Pat felt their hands moving further getting bolder,she saw them smile at each
other as they touched her pants,"Go on touch it you now you want to and Aunty
Pat wants you too as well,"He looked down at Pat,"Don`t you ",She shook her head
but knew it was a waste of time as she felt fingers on her flesh probing under
her pants.oh no thought Pat,out of respect from her ordeal Pete hadn`t touched
her since the farm house and she was a woman she prayed her body would not
betray her to these horrid little boy`s.

Alan's triumph new no bounds,"Feel it go on feel her cunt it`s lovely stick your
fingers up it I bet it`s wet,"They looked at him,"Cunt that`s what you call
it,tell me it`s wet,"she felt fingers going under her pants and touching
her,Dick said"I you sure you Aunt won`t mind",Alan laughed,"Mind,mind she won`t
mind she loves anything up that cunt of her`s especially being fucked by a thick
fat cock,"Pat looked up at him pleading into the gag,where had he got these
idea`s from,oh god no she felt fingers on her pussie,rubbing her hairs,now
pushing in.Alan who was still stood at the head of the bed lent down and
squeezed her breasts,"Can`t wait to have these out to play with again",she
stared up at him,Des said,"No she not wet but she feels nice,I want to see
it,"Alan carried on squeezing her breast`s,"Don`t worry we will see it,you wait
till we lick it and kiss it, she like`s that but we have to get it wet first and
I know how,untie her legs and get  her skirt and pants off leave her stockings
and suspenders on then shove that long rope under the bed so we can tie her
knee`s open,Dick get that soft table dusting brush off her dressing table,it`s
just the thing,isn`t it Aunty Pat".

Pat groaned as she felt her legs being untied she fought to stop them but Alan
nearly choked her with the rope around her neck

and as she coughed and gasped for breath her skirt and pants were pulled off,the
two boys pulled one then the other leg open and fastened her knee`s as far apart
as they could to the rope,Alan had undone her blouse and revealed her full bra
to the lecheries boy`s.

Alan now took full control moving between her legs he started to play with her
running his fingers up and down the inside of her thighs just touching her
pussie and making her jump,then she felt his tongue on her,licking at
her,tickling her clit,flicking his tongue over it as fast as he could as his
fingers tickled between her ass-hole and cunt,she bit hard on the gag fighting
any reaction.Alan stopped and turned to Des,"Think you can do this,"Des nodded
and Alan made way for him,Des was a good student and was flicking his tongue all
over the heated cunt.Alan got up and stood beside Pat grinning at her as she
shut her eye`s pushing tears from them,he put his hand inside her bra and pulled
both her tit`s out,"Here Dick,come have a suck on these",and he pinched her
nipples,Dick was soon on his knees beside her gorging on the erect hard
nipples.Alan stood up,picked up the small soft brush and waved it in Pat`s
face,"Fun time,you know how your pretty cunt likes this,"he bent down,"Having
fun,you soon will be".

Pat`s whole body was on fire and Alan could see it as he bent over Des and
flicked the brush over her clit,"Push your finger up her and tickle her
inside",Pat felt his fingers go in and she knew he would feel her getting wet as
the brush drove her body towards everything she feared,her hips started to lift
and Alan worked harder on her driving her towards her first climax then he
stopped and pulled the others off,she writhed and bucked her hips but Alan told
them to hold her still until her breathing slowed which was the signal for them
to start again.Des had his fingers back up her and the brush doing her,Dick was
back on her sensitive nipples sucking one and rolling the other between his
fingers as Alan undid the rope around her neck then took off her gag as soon as
it was off she pleaded with him to stop,he said,"In a while", as she was
building again her hips gyrated but again just before she came they stopped and
held her until,much to her disgust she pleaded with them to do something to let
her cum.

Alan stood over her and with a wide grin he said,"What do you want use to
do,"she bit her lip,"I need it,"still he didn`t,"Need what come on you know what
to say,"she said,"I want him to put it in me,"Alan smiled,"If you want him to
fuck you ask him,nicely,"with defeat in her voice she was allmost crying as she
whispered,"Please will you fuck me,I need you to fuck me,"Alan laughed,"O K he
will as soon as you suck this,"he lowered his trouser`s and pulled his cock out
waving it just above her face,"she turned her face away,"NOOO Alan not that
please no,"he held it,"O K get back on her boy`s,give her some
more".Fingers,lips and the brush soon had her moaning again,her head rolled back
and forth as she searched for relief until Alan held it as she was cuming
again,her lip`s were parted and he held his cock on her mouth,suddenly it was in
and she was sucking it down her throat he smiled as he felt her tongue licking
round his shaft while she sucked him,"Don`t waste time Des stick it in her she
asked you to fuck her,so fuck the cunt,we have her to far gone to stop us and
she`s ready for it".

Alan held her head keeping his cock firmly in her mouth as Des mounted her,Dick
still worked on her nipples as she felt a cock slide in her,she was surprised at
the size,  it filled her touching all the areas they had made so sensitive,Alan
went back to pushing it in and out of her throat,something all the men who had
used her had forced her to learn,she was on fire and the boy`s knew it as they
let her have her first climax.Pat came but Des kept going and as she subsided he
picked the brush up pulled his knees up and went to work on her clit again as he
slowly fucked her, all the time Alan kept her quite with her mouth full of
cock.Pat was cuming on again as Des filled her with his cream she didn`t have
time to slow down as Dick took his place using the brush on her as well. The
boy`s had made their minds up, they had Aunty Pat tied up and so hot she
couldn`t stop them fucking her and that`s the way they were going to keep her
all day.

The next one to cum was Alan he pumped away in her mouth making her take him all
the way down her throat until he shot his load,she swallowed most of it as she
writhed under Dick who was tickling her cunt while her fucked her,he filled her
at the same time she came.Alan knew she must not be allowed to calm down as he
thought of the next way to have her,his perverted mind knew no boundaries he had
laid in bed planning this for to long.Under his instruction the boys lifted  her
off the bed  as Alan laid down,they turned her to sit on Alan's face and Des
stood in front off her,"Come on Aunty sit on my face while you show Des what a
good cocksucker you are, how you like a cock stuck down your throat and how you
swallow juice,"She tried to stop them but with her arms still tied it was easy
for Dick to slide his hand under her bottom and between her legs tickling her
cunt,she stood there staring at Alan laid on the bed,he looked back at her as he
saw her legs open more and her knees bend giving Dick easy access to push his
fingers up her from behind,he put his tongue out and wiggled it at her and Des
stood on the end of the bed,leaning against the wall with his cock sticking
straight out.

"Come on Aunty let me suck it for you,we both know you cum when you have your
cunt licked,come on let little Alan stick his tongue up that little pussie  of
your`s,come on,with your arms tied you are going to get your cunt licked one way
or the other."Dick pushed her back on to the bed and she straddled Alan's
face,Alan gazed up at the beautiful sight lowering it self towards his greedy
mouth licking hungrily at the moist cunt now covering his mouth  he looked up to
see her mouth locked around Des`s cock and Dick massaging her large tit`s.

As Alan sucked and tongued her cunt he let his finger tickle her ass,one of his
fantasies had been her puckered little ass-hole and he knew how much he wanted
it and how he was going to take it,he worked his tongue in and out as she ground
her self down on his face,Des was now holding her head and she was deep
throating him and all the time her tit`s were being played with,they soon had
her building again, yes another uncontrollable climax was inevitable the boy`s
took delight in making her cum again and when she did she spurted Alan's mouth
with lot`s of sticky cum which he licked and sucked until she was empty.Des was
still fucking her mouth so Alan held her on his mouth and continued to lick and
suck knowing he could start her again, with her mouth full of cock and still
being tied she had no choice but to stay in that position being abused any way
they liked

Alan licked her as hard as he could he knew Des was pumping her mouth he was
cumin and she was going to get another mouthful,Alan knew he had cum as the way
she wiggled her cunt on his mouth and the fact that some juice and escaped her
mouth dropping on his forehead.He felt Des get off the bed but still he worked
on her cunt only stopping when he could feel the wetness he knew would keep her
how he wanted,he slid out from under her and knelt behind putting his hands
round and squeezing her tit`s,"Aunty want some more cock,Aunty want her cunt
filled again,"Pat tried desperately to break free but he held firm,"Please Alan
enough,no more,"Alan slid his hand down her body and pushed two fingers in to
her sopping cunt,"I don`t think your going to stop us from fucking you some
more,Dick`s all hot from squeezing these lovely tit`s and his cock wants some of
your cunt,come on Dick lay on the bed and let Aunty sit on your cock".Dick
manovered himself under Pat and Alan pushed her down until she sank on Dick`s
cock and buried it right up her,just to make sure she wanted it Alan put his
hand down on her cunt and wanked her clit until she was pumping herself up and
down,it didn`t take long for Des to be playing with the juggling tit`s while he
put his hand on the back of her head and sucked her open mouth,forcing his
tongue in to it and much to her own disgust she found her self sucking it in
just like she had sucked their cocks.

This was the moment Alan had dreamed of,he nodded to Des who pulled his mouth
away and pushed the back of her head down,Dick put his hands up grabbed Pat`s
hair and pulled her down locking his mouth on hers,she wasn`t aware of Alan
climbing on the bed behind her until he was knelt and positioning his cock at
her ass-hole she tried to move but Des held her firm and Dick held her hair
keeping her mouth on his.Alan shoved his cock in to her ass slowly at first
until her had broken in then pushing it in to the hilt he dreamed it would be
tight and he wasn`t disappointed.

Alan was taking a gamble he didn`t know if it would keep her hot or weather she
would cry off how ever he did remember that when he had her tied up at the farm
house when he stuck the hair brush up her ass she still got wet when he fucked
her and played with her cunt.Pat tried hard to escape the two cocks that were
violating her but try as she could, she could not stop her body taking enjoyment
from what ever these three perverts did to her.

The rhythm of the two cocks in her and the aroused state she was in soon had her
pushing her self on to them,Dick snogged her for all he could loving the way her
tongue played with his,he didn`t have to do anything, the way Pat was pushing on
to Alan`s cock that was buggering her ass, she was fucking him and the fact that
both boy`s had already cum made it last a lot longer,they must have fucked her
and buggered her for twenty minutes before  she came,she just lay between them
exhausted as the sandwich fucked her really hard until they couldn`t hold back
any longer and blew themselves off inside her.

The two boy`s got off the bed and left Pat laying there,Dick said,"I`v got to
have a piss,"Alan pointed out the bathroom,"How about you Aunty Pat,need to
go,"Pat nodded and Des and Alan got hold of her marching her to the bathroom,"No
no I can go myself just untie me",the boy`s took no notice and as soon as Dick
came out they pushed her in and sat her down,"O K pee for us",she knew she had
to humiliate herself again and trying not to look at the boy`s she let go a
stream of water,when she finished Alan got some tissue and took great delight in
rubbing her cunt dry before they took her back to the bedroom.

They pushed her back on her heavily soiled bed,"Please Alan I`m begging you
untie me,let me go,you have done enough,"Alan got on the bed and pushed her
back,"Enough don`t you beleave it, we have you and your staying tied up we have
at least two more hours and we aren`t going to waste them,"Pat struggled against
him,"No Alan stop you musn`t",Alan bent down and sucked her nipples then looked
up in to her face,"Oh Aunty Pat we are going to work on you, get your cunt hot
and wet then we are going to fuck you again,we are going to do things to you
that will have you begging us to fuck you,"his hand went to Pat`s cunt,"Oh your
cunt lip`s are allready nice and puffy,it won`t take long to have you begging
and dripping again,when you have sucked us all hard again we will fuck this
lovely cunt dry,so don`t tell me you`ve had enough,you never had enough in the
farm house with those three,me or your daughters,who ever was between your leg`s
you were allways ready for a good fucking and you will be ready again soon and
if your not there`s allways my belt that makes you do or say anything," as he
said the last words he ran his face down her body and plowed his tongue into her
cunt,the other two got on the bed ether side of her ready to have more fun with
the beautifull bound housewife.

Des and Dick got down on her nipples again,licking at them taking it in turns to
move up to her mouth holding her head as she tried to avoid the searching
tongues.Alan was impatient as he sucked her cunt wanting her wet and in his
power again,his tongue was`nt long enough and he didn`t want to start fucking
her until he had her uncontrollably sexed up so he could have maximum
enjoyment,he needed something long and hard to fuck her with,yes, the toilet
brush handle,he remembered  from taking her there, it was a foot long with a
good hand grip.

He was out from between her thighs, in the bathroom and back in the blink of an
eye,she couldn`t see him as the other two were playing with her tit`s and
forcing her to snog with them.Alan had her leg`s open and was toying with the
handle running it up and down her slit as he licked her,he got hold of the two
boy`s arms and made them each lift Pat`s legs up and back,spreading her wide as
they continued to play with her tit`s and kiss her, he had complete access to
her cunt.

He slowly pushed the handle in,still licking her until it was far enough for her
to start moving,Alan smiled knowing she didn`t know what was making her wet,he
pushed slowly finding out how far it would go in,once he knew he griped the
handle and started to fuck her with it,the other two held her legs and carried
on kissing her tit`s as Pat began to moan.Alan pulled himself from between her
legs but still carried on fucking her with the handle now moving it around
searching for spots that would make her jump,to his satisfaction he found
several.He remembered what he had said and with his free hand he took of his
belt, wrapped it round his hand leaving about a foot of strap,he looked at the
other two enjoying her tit`s and still forcing their tongues in to her mouth as
her head rolled her mouth open as she fought for air, he deliberately pushed the
handle to one of the spots he knew would make her wiggle and moan,he smiled as
they licked over her lips forcing her tongue to respond.

Her hips were moving it was a graet sight her legs back and spread wide rotating
to the fucking the handle was giving her,Alan moved to his next pervertion,he
slapped her ass with the belt,not hard but enough to let her feel it,first she
jumped and stopped moving but he carried on fucking her,she moaned and moved
again,another slap,this time she didn`t stop moving.Alan got a nice rythem
moving he pushed in and turned the handle,pulled it slowly out,slapped her ass
then pushed in, the others could see what he was doing and worked harder on
her.Alan quickend the movement the slapping getting a little harder making her
jump more and forcing her to move on the handle,Alan could see it was getting
very wet.

He stopped spanking bent down and picked up some discarded rope,motioned to the
others to let her legs go as soon as they were down he pushed the handle right
up then tied her knees together,trapping the brush head between her thighs and
keeping the handle up her,Alan played with her clit bringing her close to a
climax but before she could releave herself they pulled her up making her stand
in front of them.She was so confused,what was up her?what were they doing?Alan
was quickly round behind her and spanking her with the belt,not hard,he didn`t
want to hurt her just get her hot and submissive and at his mercy.

As each slap hit her she tried to tell Alan to stop but as she moved so did the
handle touching her and making her more and more aroused the other two were
ether side of her playing with her tit`s and tickling her cunt,she was finding
it difficult to stand as her cunt leaked juice down the side of the invading
handle,Alan pushed the back of her knee and she sank to the floor in front of
them.Des was the first one to grab her hair and ram his cock in her mouth,Alan
continued to slap her making her wiggle giving her no rest from the moving
handle as Dick moved Des out of the way to stick his cock in to the wet sucking
mouth and both boy`s moved her head from side to side taking it in turns to
spear her throat.

Alan played spanker and wanker as he was on his knees slapping her ass with one
hand and rubbing his fingers all over the opening of her slippery wet cunt with
the other,the boy`s were really giving her mouth a fucking,Alan wanked her
really hard enjoying watching the boys force her to move her head around while
sucking or they would hold their cocks and make her lick their balls.Des was the
first to cum,he pulled back and wanked until a huge load spat out hitting Pat`s
eye`s forcing her to close them with her blinded he shoved it back in her mouth
making her suck every last drop out of his cock,then it was Dick`s turn to foul
her beautiful face,fucking her mouth then wanking as much as he could over her
before again forcing her to suck him empty and all the time every movement she
made forced the handle to heat her body but not bring her to the climax she so
desperately wanted.

Alan turned her to the bed and bent her forward pushing the handle to another
direction to heat her but he didn`t want her cunt the handle could fuck that,it
was that tight sweet puckered ass hole which was heaven to him.She buried her
face into the bed wiping as much of the filth off her face,preparing herself to
be buggered again by the young pervert who`s sexual lust new no bounds,she
didn`t have to wait long.Alan pushed his cock in to the woman's ass,sliding in
with lovely little stroke`s really enjoying the tight grip he felt,as he slowly
fucked her the handle moved inside rubbing her,sending waves of pleasure through
her cunt.Alan could please himself what he did with her,fuck her fast and the
handle drove her wild,fuck her slow and the rhythm inside her made her
groan,wiggle and squrim pleading with him to fuck her fast,he had her right
where he wanted,being forced to let him do what ever he liked to her also being
made to enjoy it wether she wanted to or not.

Alan was determined to make her cum first before he was going to fill her ass
again,he brought her up to the point and then slowed off to stop her,half the
fun was hearing her plead,making her beg and ask using the foulest language he
could think of,his sense of power hearing his sweet pretty Aunty beg him to fuck
her ass hard,she said he could spank it if he wanted,play with her cunt and
tickle her clit,he made her ask his friends to squeeze her tit`s and pinch her
nipples and ask them to put their cocks in her mouth so she could lick the heads
before swallowing as much of them as she could they told her, that meant all the
way,he even told her he was going to piss up her ass,she was forced to beg him
to keep fucking her and kept the handle moving, he got her so hot she didn`t
care.For twenty minutes he enjoyed humiliating and degrading the beautiful woman
before he built up speed and forced an incredible orgasm on her,it was then he
filled her ass with another  load.

He pulled out of her and they rolled her on the bed,instead of untying her and
taking the brush out they tied her ankles together and gagged her,she struggled
and looked at them,Des said,"Are we going to do what you said,"Allen smiled at
him and then at Pat,"Of course, it`s nearly four,the girls will be home soon,I
never did get to fuck them so there`s some lost time to make up,"Pat tried to
shout at him and tried to move but when she did the handle started to move
inside her, touching and probing,she quickly lay still,Alan smiled and looked at
his helpless Aunt,"I fancy my cock in their sweet little mouth`s and I bet their
little cunt`s taste creamy,"Des said,"What about your Aunt and their bound to
tell their Dad,"Alan looked at Pat,"Oh no,we will get the girls,strip them,tie
them up then we will come back in here and take the rest of her clothes off,
play with Mother`s cunt and ass until she`s all hot and begging again,if we
leave that handle up her cunt she`s likely to fuck herself for us then she will
join the party after she`s sucked and played with her daughters cunts we will
tie them to differant beds and change cunts all night just as I planned we will
fuck all of them all night and nobody will tell anybody,you should see them
girls suck Mummies cunt their great little cunt lappers,we will make them suck
her out again I told you we were`nt going home tonight,I had to wait three
months for Uncle Pete to fuck off for the night so we could get these three
beauties alone,I knew Aunty would be an easy fuck once we got our hands between
her leg`s and got her cunt going I knew she would, thats why the three men at
the farm house could do what they liked to her,they put their hands between her
legs,tickled her cunt and she would open her leg`s ready to be fucked,they told
me all about her, now we have to teach the girls the same, that they are here to
suck cock and let boy`s fuck their cunts and sweet little ass`s,that`s what
little girls are for", Pat`s face was white with fear as Alan put his hand
between her legs and tickled her cunt she jumped and the handle moved sending a
surge of uncontrolable pleasure through her body,she groaned as Alan said                                                
"THAT`S WHAT WE LITTLE BOYS CAME FOR".


                                                                      PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





