BDSM Library - Burns Night




Burns Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl has her virginity sacrificed at a 'court' and party presided over by Auld Nick himself.
Please take note!
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.
MF FF NC
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.
Copyright 2002




Burns Night
by obohobo


Chapter 1. To the party

Wee, sleekit, cowrin, tim'rous beastie,

O, what a panic's in thy breastie!

Thou need na start awa so hasty

      Wi' bickering brattle!

I wud be laith to rin an' chase thee,

      Wi' murdering pattle! ........

Moira lay on her bed and recited the poem to herself over and over until she had
all eight verses memorized. It wasn't really necessary to learn it by heart but
Moira knew they would be going over it line by line and trying to analyze Burns'
thoughts behind the words in literature class at school in the morning.

"That will do for tonight," she said to herself but instead of putting the book
away she idly flipped through the pages until it lay open at the tale of Tam O'
Shanter. She liked this long tale in verse and could recite parts of it from
memory. It took her mind away from the dismal tower block in Glasgow where she
lived, to an age and countryside that was very different. Her sympathies were
with Tam as he drunkenly rode home at midnight in terrible weather knowing he
would be greeted by a

'.........sulky sullen dame,

Gathering her brows like gathering storm,

Nursing her wrath to keep it warm.'

Moira vainly tried to decide why a man like Tam should want to return home in
appalling weather to the inevitable row. Her mind pictured the scene as Tam on
his way home was confronted by

'Warlocks and witches in a dance:

Nae cotillion, brent new frae France,

But hornpipes, jigs stathspeys, and reels,

put life and mettle in their heels.

A winnock bunker in the east,

There sat Auld Nick, in shape o' beast;'

"Tap, tap, tap." Moira's reverie was interrupted by an insistent rapping on her
bedroom window. How could that be when she was nine floors up in a tower block?
Cautiously opening the curtain she was surprised to see a young girl wearing a
short shift apparently standing there. The girl beckoned her. Moira unfastened
the window lock and tilted the window open. Faintly, traditional pipe music
floated through. Still very puzzled and confused but not afraid Moira stared at
the girl. She looked old fashioned and the short paisley shift was made of a
coarse material. Who was she? How could she stand when the ground was a hundred
feet below.

"Hello, I'm Nannie. Come and join us Moira."

"But.... but ..."

"Come on Moira. You're not the goody-goody girl you pretend to be to others. Be
yourself. Enjoy yourself."

"But... I'm not dressed ..." Moira looked down at her baby-doll nightdress. The
lightweight material was just thick enough to hide her body colour but it was
short and with nothing underneath she would only have to bend forward to reveal
her crotch.

"You've more than enough on for our party. Come Moira, give into what your mind
desires. Have a night to remember and enjoy. It's time for you to stop playing
under the duvet and let your body enjoy what it has only imagined." Nannie
tossed her curly hair and laughed so infectiously that Moira laughed too. She
clasped Nannie's hand slid through the open window into the chill night air.

Without any feeling of fear or foreboding or even of feeling cold, Moira watched
the ground below as they flew above it. "How?" she wondered.

As if she read her thoughts, Nannie said, "You are probably wondering where the
broomstick is. We don't need them. They are just a myth created by people who
have seen the bundle of birch twigs kept in the corner of every witches home and
used by the warlocks for warming our bottoms before rogering us or for flogging
those who try their religious spells on us."

"What's rogering?"

"Fucking in the terms of today."

"Will I be rogered at this party?" Moira sounded alarmed.

"Of course. Many times I would think. We don't get too many young girls and Nick
will certainly want to put his cock in first." Feeling Moira trying to slow
down, Nannie turned and spoke quietly. "Don't be afraid. Just relax and enjoy
yourself like you imagine yourself doing while in bed at night. I know what you
think and do in the darkness, that is why I came for you. No one at this party
is able to hide from their real selves. Let your hair down and free up your
inhibitions." Placing an arm around the girls shoulders, she gave her a friendly
hug, "Come on, we're nearly there. Can you see the fire?"

Moira could and shortly heard the sound of pipe music. Soon she made out the
figures dancing to the music. All were naked or nearly so and while some were
getting on in years they were not the 'wither'd bedlams, auld and droll,
ragwoodie hags that wad spean a foal' that Burns had written about. There seemed
to be a wide age range of both male and female dancers and she stared slightly
embarrassed at the way the female breasts and the male cocks bounced at each
step.

"See what I meant by you having more than enough clothing for this party,"
Nannie commented as their feet settled on the grass.

Nannie led her around the fire between it and various copulating couples. In the
flickering firelight Moira noticed there seemed no logic to the age pairing of
the couplings. Old men fucked young girls, elderly ladies had the cocks of
youths in them, but there were also pairings of similar age groups. Where she
could see them, Moira noticed the bottoms of the ladies seemed a very rosy
colour. The reason soon became obvious when they came to a buxom woman in her
early thirties kneeling with her arse high in the air. Behind her stood a lad
about sixteen wielding a bunch of birch rods. At each stroke the woman groaned
but the thrust her arse up again for the next. Pausing to watch for a few
moments and feeling herself becoming very wet between her legs, Moira asked
Nannie why the woman was being beaten.

"We girls always get our bums warmed before a fuck. Gives you a nice feeling and
allows the men to think they are in control."

"Doesn't it hurt?"

"Of course it does, silly but you have to mix pain with the pleasure that comes
after. You'll find out soon enough."

"Why don't the men get warmed up too?"

"Some do, but the men are the bosses the top dogs and at these parties we concur
to them. Now enough questions. We must get you to Nick before he gets angry at
waiting and really warms our bums. There a great deal of difference between a
warming before a fuck and a punishment thrashing." Nannie took Moira's hand and
hurried her along.

"Is Auld Nick the same half beast as Burns described?"

"Not so much of your 'Auld' Don't even suggest it to Nick. He is still young in
body and very virile and you'll soon see."

Almost immediately Moira stood still, confronted by the sight before her. Seated
on a brushwood covered couch and flanked by two naked girls was Nick himself,
just as she had pictured him in her imagination. Nick stood and approached them.
"Well done, Nannie. You managed to get her."

As she approached them, Moira could see him fully. He did indeed have a hairy
body and hair covered legs with hoofed feet surmounted by a bearded head with
tousled curly hair and horns. Yet what caught Moira's attention was his erect
prick that stood hard and proud against his body. Once before, while on a school
camping trip, she'd seen a man with an erection and the vision had stayed with
her but the prick in front of her was far, far larger.

"Take off the shift Nannie and lets have a good look at her." Immediately Nannie
did as she was asked and removed her own. Moira instinctively tried to cover her
breasts and crotch with her hands but Nannie took hold of her wrists and held
them behind her back.

Blushing deeply, Moira uttered "Nooo, please let me go."

"You don't really want that do you Moira. Isn't this what you have thought about
many times in the darkness of your bed? To be held naked and then savagely
ravaged and raped? How often did you imagine getting a good size cock into your
young virgin cunt and yet because of your shyness you failed even to let a boy
feel inside your knickers. It is what your mind wanted and tonight it is going
to happen."

"Nooo, please let me go," repeated Moira struggling fiercely to free herself
from Nannie's grasp. Recalling instructions from her self defence classes at
school, she placed a leg between Nannie's and with a quick movement flipped her
captor over her hip and sent her sprawling on the grass. Before she could run,
the two girls either side of Nick caught and firmly held her.

"You're a feisty bitch," Nannie yelled as she got to her feet but there was
laughter in her voice, "but methinks you will pay for it."

"You're right on both counts, Nannie," Nick roared, "Very like you were when you
first came here! Bring her here." The two girls brought Moira to Nick and forced
her to kneel at his feet. His cock was then level with her face. Not only could
she see it in full detail could smell the sexual aroma it gave off. Invisible
pheromones caused her body to react, her nipples became erect and her pussy very
wet. "Ruth show her how to make her obeisance," Nick ordered one of the girls
who knelt alongside.

"When any girl approaches Satan, our Lord who we also call Nick when we are not
at a formal occasion, she has to kneel in front of his most illustrious prick as
we are doing now, and then take it in her right hand and kiss it six times from
the base to the head." Ruth demonstrated. "Then open her mouth and take it in as
far as possible and suck on it until, Nick says it is enough. I won't show you
that because he just finished giving Jane on the other side of you, a good
fucking and although she cleaned him, there is still some juices exuding from
the tip and as a newcomer you should have the privilege of savouring it."

With the smell wafting strongly up Moira 's nostrils and the lewd behaviour of
Ruth, her sexual system went into overdrive. As instructed she took the devil's
prick in her right hand and kissed it the required six times. Further juice
leaked from the opening but Moira had no hesitation in placing her mouth over it
and licking around the head.

"Do you think it tastes different to man spunk?" asked Jane.

Removing her lips for a few moments Moira replied, "I dunno. I've never tasted
any spunk before."

"Okay, that's enough," growled Nick, "Time to get this show on the road. We've a
virgin to martyr. Take her to the altar."

Moira looked up, suddenly afraid. "Are they going to kill me as a human
sacrifice," she thought.

Satan boomed with laughter when he saw her face. "Dinna worry yersel lass. We
want to keep yer body nice and fresh for a long while yet. It's only yer
virginity we're going to martyr and we'll do a thorough job of that but ye'll
live and we'll get ya back to Glasgow. Thing is we have a special court tonight
where we have a couple of devout churchgoers who have been preventing their two
daughters from seeing any boys, have not allowed them to go dancing or have any
books in the house that are not bibles or religious tracts. We don't mind too
much when people have beliefs that are not the same as ours but when they
narrowly restrict others from even finding out about us and preventing them from
leading a normal healthy life, we have to step in."




Chapter 2. The court

By now they had arrived at the altar, a grassy mound about as high as a dining
room table but only about two feet wide and less than four feet long. Stakes
were driven in the ground at various points around the altar. Nick signalled the
piper to cease and when the dancing stopped he called for everyone to seat
themselves on the grass. Even those fornicating on the other side of the fire,
stopped and gathered round.

Looking round and shaking with apprehension, Moira noticed that some of the
girls were being carried still impaled on their man's cock. She also noticed
that a large number of the menfolk, the warlocks, sported erections and she
wondered if she was going to be made to take all of them. Jane and Ruth gave her
a glass of punch to drink but still held her and when they felt her muscles
tense, they tightened their grip and Ruth whispered, "Don't think of running,
you have no where to go and you will only get further punishment. There's going
to be pain but there will be enjoyment too." Moira finished the punch. It was
strongly alcoholic but had a pleasant fruity taste that belied it potency. It
made Moira much less tense and less apprehensive of what was to happen to her.

"Warlocks and witches," Nick started on what seemed to be a prepared speech, "We
are gathered here tonight to pass sentence on Joshua and Eileen McFee for
preventing their daughters enjoying the normal sexual activities of young girls,
worse they have been indoctrinated so much they even think their own bodies
unclean." Nick paused to allow the murmurs to subside. "Bring out the accused."

A couple in their mid thirties were bought from a nearby tent. The man was
dressed in a dark suit while his wife wore a long black dress that covered her
completely from neck to ankles.

"Bring out Emily and Madeleine." Moira judged the girls to be about her own age
but were clothed like their mother in dresses Moira wouldn't have been seen dead
in. "Cut the clothes from the accused. Let us all have a good look at what is
lurking beneath that sordid exterior."

Joshua struggled and pleaded, then hurled abuse at his captors. Finally seeing
he was no match for all the warlocks that surrounded him, he called on the Lord
for help. Quickly two men with knives made short work of his suit and
underclothes while others threw the tattered remains on the fire. Stark naked he
was turned and displayed for all to see. Especially he was paraded in front of
his daughters. "What you see," Nick commentated to the crowd, "Is an ordinary
looking man. Normal sort of body. Bit of a gut. Smallish cock. Is it easily
stimulated?" A middle aged witch knelt in front of him and gently rubbed the
cock and then sucked it. Soon she had a full erection in her mouth. "Yes, it
seems he gets a hard on in the normal way. No doubt he enjoyed the stimulation
even if his mouth won't admit it. Are you going to tell us you don't enjoy
fucking your wife, Joshua?"

Joshua didn't answer until prodded. "I only do it when we wanted to procreate."
The statement brought roars of derisory laughter from the gathering.

"So Joshua, are you telling us your poor wife Eileen hasn't had a decent fuck
for what, fifteen years?" More laughter. "I think someone who is such a devout
believer should not resort to lying. No man and woman living together would go
without for so long. Or has she looked for someone with a larger weapon than
yours?" Nick turned to the daughters. "Have a good look round girls, look at the
pricks some of the warlocks have. Look at mine. That's right turn them round so
they can see everyone's. Now Emily and Madeleine, you don't have to blush, ask
yourselves when your turn comes to be fucked, which cock would you expect to get
most satisfaction from?"

It was now Eileen's turn to be stripped. Like her husband she was held and
knives cut her clothing to shreds and the fire quickly consumed them. She too
stood naked her arms held wide by two powerful warlocks. She cried and pleaded
with them not to display her but her pleas were ignored. Suddenly they upended
her and displayed her cunt to the crowd and then they brought it close to their
daughters tearful faces. "Have a good look girls. You came out of that little
opening. Rory, does it feel as if she's had a cock inside her lately?"

Rory, one of the warlocks holding her, put his finger in her cunt and announced,
"She's fairly tight but she also quite wet."

"Okay, stand her down but you can keep your finger in if you wish. If her
husband hasn't been giving it to her, then she must have used her own fingers or
some other object." Eileen blushed deeply so all guessed she had masturbated
probably when her husband was at work.

"How often does your husband fuck you Eileen?" Nick started his questioning.

Eileen hung her head and refused to answer. Rory nipped her clitoris. "Answer,"
he said.

"Not often."

Nick continued his questioning of her sexuality until she became so humiliated
that she lost all thought for what she was saying and burst out, "No he doesn't
fuck me as often as I would like and I have to play with myself when he is not
there. Does that satisfy you!"

"You hypocrite Eileen. You service yourself but don't allow your daughters the
same rights. Still by the time dawn arrives you should have been well and truly
satisfied and wont have any need to use your fingers." Nick turned to Emily and
Madeleine, "Girls, you are now overdressed. In fact you are the only ones that
are wearing anything at all. Wouldn't yer like to dress more comfortably and
join the rest o' us?" Both girls, crying shook their heads. "Well lasses, there
be two ways we can do this. Either yer remove ya clothes yourselves and have a
dress to go home in, even if it has been somewhat modified, or we can cut yer
clothing off and toss it into the fire like we have your parents. Then, like
them, you will be left in the centre of your town and have to walk home in your
birthday suits. It may feel warm here, but you will feel the full force of the
chill night air once you leave the confines of this site."

Slowly the two girls took off their dresses. A witch came forward with a pair of
scissors and shortened the length considerably and opened up the neckline. She
held it in front of Madeleine. "That will make you look much sexier dear," she
cackled.

"Come on, girls, get the rest off," Nick began to get impatient, "Everyone's
waiting to see those lily white titties of yours and to see the colour of you
cunt hair." Hesitantly they removed their underwear. It was immediately
collected and to their horror was thrown on the fire. "Very nice girls. You have
no need to be ashamed of your bodies. They are very desirable. They should give
you and us a lot of pleasure. However, since it is not your fault you haven't
experienced the pleasures of a good fuck yet, I have given instructions that you
are not to be raped. I have though asked four young lads to escort you during
our nights entertainment and they will do their utmost to stimulate and persuade
you to enjoy sex with them. Their hands are allowed to roam freely over you
lovely bodies but until you say 'yes' they are not to put their cocks inside any
of your holes." Turning to the lads, "Boys, bring the girls to the front here
where they can see everything clearly."

Nick jumped on the 'altar' and announced that before the punishment of the two
offenders could begin, tradition demanded the sacrifice of a virgin. "For this
purpose, Nannie has brought along young Moira who is willing to allow us to
violate and make a trainee witch of her." Moira had no idea she was to be made a
witch or what her training would consist of. She started to shake with fear they
would do something terrible to her.

"Ha no fear, Moira," Nannie whispered, "Ye'll be back in your bed by dawn. A
little sore and well fucked but ye'll be okay."




Chapter 3. Virginity martyred

"As you all know, all witches have their arses warmed before they are fucked.
Normally I would do it to the sacrificial lamb but Moira, this spirited young
lady, earlier tossed her friend and helper to the ground in a real effort to get
away. In view of this I am asking Nannie to do the warming and, instead of a bum
warming, to flay the feisty girl back and front." The crowd clapped and cheered.
Nannie looked very surprised but took the offered birch rods. "Fasten her down,"
Nick continued.

Four elderly warlocks picked up the squealing Moira and laid her face down on
the alter mound. She felt the soft grass tickle her tits and then her pubic area
as her legs were folded down over the end of the mound. Soon her arms and legs
were spread-eagled and tied to stakes so her virgin cunt was on display for all
to see. One elder at her head leaned over and felt her firm tits. "Just making
sure they aren't getting badly squashed," he grinned. Moira looked at his hard
cock already leaking pre-cum that was level with her face. Seeing the expression
on her face the elder fisted his cock, and said, "You won't have to wait too
long now before you feel this inside you."

Again Moira wondered how many of the warlocks would rape her and was about to
say something when Nannie kissed the back of her neck and whispered, "Be brave
Moira, I have to hurt you but the marks will fade in a few days and you must
learn to feed the pain into the more pleasurable sensations you will also feel.
Everyone is watching you, Nick, the warlocks and witches, the prisoners and
their two lovely daughters. Be brave. Not too much fuss." Nannie kissed her
again.

Taking a stance to one side of the altar, Nannie brought the birch rods slightly
diagonally down across Moira's shoulders. Moira cried out part with surprise and
part with pain. The pain wasn't all that bad for Nannie had not used anywhere
near her full strength. It felt more like a thousand stings especially where the
ends of the twigs had curled under the arms and touched the sides of her
breasts. After the first stroke Moira was able to control her cries as Nannie
worked steadily down her back, bottom and thighs until some of the tips caught
her tender cuntal flesh. She couldn't hold back her cries then. There followed a
brief respite during which Moira wondered if it was over but no, Nannie had
moved to the other side and now started crossing the previous birching. Crying
now continuously, Moira felt her back was afire and was certain it was cut and
streaming blood.

Another respite during which her back was sponged with clear water and she was
allowed to stand. Nannie put her arms around the girl and kissed her fully on
the lips and then slid her tongue inside. Then giving her a hug, she said
quietly, "You're doing very well Moira, but the next part will feel worse. I am
going to ask the elders to hold you so the ropes don't burn and cut into your
wrists and ankles. However, if you struggle too much we will have to bind you
and I may be forced to start birching you again from the beginning so please try
and keep calm. Do try and be brave if you want to become one of us and join in
our fun again."

Quite gently the elders lay he back on the grass mound. It felt cool but she
could feel the pain when her body weight pressed the flesh to the soil. As
promised the elders held her down but not before they had publicly caressed her
breasts and fingered her cunt.

"Get on with it," Nick roared anxious to get his cock in and remove her
virginity.

Once again Nannie started at the head end. Moira tried to control herself but
the pain when the rods cut into her pert breasts caused her to cry out. Nannie
moved on as swiftly as she dared and started from the other side. She only did
the breasts before Nick ordered two to her cunt. His cock was now freely leaking
yellow pre-cum.

The pain as the birch hit her very tenderest spots was almost too much for the
poor young girl. For a few moments she hovered between consciousness but then
shook herself awake. Nick loudly proclaimed, "The virgin is to be martyred!"

Nannie knelt by Moira's head and tilted it forward slightly. "Watch, it is the
only time in your life you will lose your virginity. Prepare yourself for your
first fuck."

Nick placed the head of his enormous weapon at her entrance and massaged the
pre-cum around and into the opening. Moira could feel her own body responding to
the aphrodisiacs in the spermal fluid and her juices flowed. Without warning
though, the devil's dick entered her, paused for a moment at her hymen, withdrew
slightly and then plunged right in.

"Aaaaaghh!!" Moira screamed.

"Another virgin sacrificed!" yelled Nick and he began fucking her in earnest. By
now the elders holding her ankles had released them and Moira instinctively felt
she should close her legs around Nick's body. It brought a cheer from the
onlookers. Moira hardly heard them. Her cunt was on fire with need. A need to
take as much of that giant cock inside her as possible. The pain from the rest
of her body was temporarily gone all she wanted was to service this devil man
and bring herself to a screaming climax. And climax she did. Nothing in her
previous experience with her own fingers even came close to the sensations she
was feeling.

Nick held himself back as long as he could but the tight young cunt milked him
until he could no long control his ejaculation and poured a copious quantity of
the yellow spunk into the now willing womb. Sometimes he wished he could
fertilize these young bitches and produce his own offspring but that wasn't
biologically feasible.

Slowly he withdrew as Moira reluctantly released her legs from around his waist.
Knowing what she had to do, Moira placed his cock, still almost fully hard to
her lips and began cleaning the blood, her juices and his sperm. "Thank you,"
she said.

With the excitement of the fuck over, pain now began to return to her body. She
gently massaged some of the worst areas, particularly her tender tits. Nannie,
still cupping Moira's head, said, "Time for that later, you have to service the
elders next and Old Jim, was a sailor and likes a nice tight arsehole. After
having Nick's cock inside her the first three elder's fucks hardly excited her
except when their hip bones plunged against her whipped cunt lips. Even then she
didn't find the experience unpleasant. Her cunt was well lubricated and she
decided to give the old men all the help she could. They seemed to appreciate it
and came fairly quickly especially given the encouragement from the crowd. One
whom they just called 'Fart' was helped along by his witch 'wife' using the
birch on his bum to force him to thrust more forcibly.

Nannie was correct in thinking Old Jim would want to take Moira's arsehole. He
bent her over the end of the alter and asked Nannie to wet her hole a bit.
Nannie not only did so but dipped his cock in all the juices that were running
from the well fucked cunt before guiding it into the brown entrance. Moira cried
out at the entry but Jim's prick was on the thin side so once entered the
remainder of the fuck wasn't too painful.

At last Moira's initiation ordeal was over. Nannie led her to a space alongside
the two daughters and sat down. Immediately they were joined by two middle aged
warlocks who started to fondle them. Moira cradled herself against the chest of
one and allowed his hands to roam freely.




Chapter4. Punished

"Moira? Can I ask you something?" Emily, the youngest of the two daughters and
the nearest to Moira, leaned forward as far as she could with the arm of one boy
around her manipulating a nipple. On receiving an affirmative answer she went on
shyly, "Did Satan really hurt you when he.....?"

"When he fucked me?" Moira finished for her, "Yes, it hurt like hell at first
but as you probably noticed, once we got going I didn't want him to stop. The
sensations I had were out of this world and I would certainly do it again if I
get the chance. I'd even do it if I have to take another whipping first. Now
that was painful. If you get the opportunity to let him fuck you, go for it. But
I think it will be your mother that gets it up her cunt next by the look of
things."

"It looks as though they are going to whip them first," Emily observed as she
watched the warlocks pull on ropes that led from her parents wrists over
branches on either side of a stout oak. Soon both were swinging with their feet
inches from the ground.

Three witches stood around Joshua and three warlocks circled Eileen, each
carried a long wet birch. They didn't hold back. As the figures swung and
twisted to and fro so whoever they came towards struck them on any convenient
part of the exposed body. Emily and Madeline were crying and would have rushed
forward had not their partners prevented it. Soon both parents were a mass of
red welts some oozing blood. Both were pleading to be spared any further
punishment and promising to give their bodies to Satan if only he would call a
halt to the beating. Eventually Nick ordered them down and had them taken to the
altar.

Eileen was first. Like Moira before her she was held spread so her cunt was open
for all to see. It and inside her thighs were raw from being caught many times
by the birches.. "Come close girls," Nick ordered, "Come and see what your
mother has been needing for a long time." Nick's prick seemed permanently erect
and was again oozing yellow pre-cum. Quickly he spread this around the tender
opening and plunged in.

"Aaaghh!" cried Eileen. Unused to such a large weapon she thought it would split
her. Quickly though she accommodated it and began thrusting back to meet Nick.
Her cries of abuse and pain turned to gurgles of pleasure. Moira knew exactly
what she was feeling and was somewhat jealous. However this was mitigated by the
fingers of her escort sitting behind her and feeling her tits and cunt. Lifting
her body she positioned herself over the man's cock and slowly impaled his prick
in her wet cunt.

"Fuck me. Fuck me please!" she begged. As the man, a stranger to her still,
lifted with his hands under her armpits so she helped by pushing up on the
ground. Soon, despite the rather awkward position they developed a rhythm and
before long her young womb was again filled with sperm. Briefly she wondered
about pregnancy but decided it was too late anyway after all the earlier
inundations.

"You should have had your arse birch warmed before a fuck, Moira," her partner
stated, "But I think we can let you off this time after your earlier thrashing.
It looks as if your friend Nannie is to get her bum warmed though." Moira turned
and saw Nannie kneeling with her bum raised and legs apart.

"Swish!" The birch flayed across Nannie's white arse leaving an network of fine
lines. Five more times the birch laid it stripes and each time Nannie pushed
back to meet the strokes. To Moira these were obviously not the punishment
strokes Eileen and Joshua had but they must have stung.

"That's the way an experienced witch takes a warming," Moira's partner informed
her, "And they expect a warming every time a warlock wants a fuck so by the end
of a party like this witches bums are more than warm, they are red hot."

"My time with Moira now if you please." A younger warlock appeared.

"He's a bit of a hunk," thought Moira as she was passed over. "Looks as if he
was a weight lifter in life."

He was certainly strong. Picking her up he quickly placed her over one knee and
without any preamble laid the usual six strokes across her already tender arse.
She hardly had time to cry out before she felt his prick delve deep inside her
cunt and begin a vigorous fucking. It went on for ten minutes or more before he
finally came and, after cleaning his cock, she was able to look around. She had
another drink of punch and was becoming quite light headed.

Eileen was being mouth and cunt raped by two warlocks and Joshua had Old Jim's
cock up his arse and a witch's cunt in his face. Another was rapidly and
strongly pulling on his cock. This seemed causing him a great deal of pain
especially as the birches had been used very effectively on his genital area.

With the 'court punishment' session formally over, the music and dancing began
again. Nannie took Moira's hand and was about to lead her to where groups of
eight were forming when they noticed the two virgin daughters, Emily and
Madeleine across the laps of two boys. Their arses were being birched so they
knew they had succumbed to the pleasures of the flesh and wouldn't be virgins
much longer.

So for Moira the night flew by with dancing, drinking and submitting herself to
the sexual extravagances of the warlocks. Her poor arse was indeed red hot but
it all excited her and while it was painful she received much pleasure too. An
hour before dawn the party began to break up, Nannie came and suggested she went
home. "We must be away and back in our homes by first light," she said. Moira
said her good-byes to those whom she sort of knew and to Nick and pleaded with
him to be allowed to attend another party.

"We'll look for'd to havin. Ye'sel if Nannie d'na mind picking yer up. Once you
get to full witch status ye'll be able to come on yer oon."

They hugged and kissed the two daughters as they put on their shortened dresses.
"You look as if you really got into the fucking business," Moira laughed as she
noticed how red their arses were. They were taken directly home whereas their
parents were left naked on the village green. Fortunately there were not too
many people around at that time of the morning but it was a cold and painful
barefoot walk to their home although they were met part way back by Madeleine
dutifully bringing shoes and coats.

*****

"Knock, Knock, Knock." Pause. "Wake up Moira. Time to get ready for school" It
wasn't usual for Moira to oversleep. Her mother opened the door and went in.
"God, it's cold in here! Why is the window wide open?" Moira hardly stirred even
when shaken she barely opened her eyes. Sally, her mother could smell alcohol on
her daughter's breath. Puzzled, she pulled the duvet down and saw the state of
Moira's body. The red lines had turned blue in places and sperm was running down
her thighs. Immediately Sally knew. "You've been marked by the devil!"

Moira, half awake now, looked at her body and she too knew as she answered,
"Then it wasn't a dream."


Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





