BDSM Library - The Mall of Torture




The Mall of Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As a security guard for the mall, he got a lot of chance to arrest the shoplifting girls. After discovering the hidden basement under the mall, he had an idea about how to put it in use.
THE MALL OF TORTURE
   By: R. B. Thibo

CHAPTER ONE:
      

   Roy had just finished his shift and was heading to his place when he notice
three teenage girls wearing very baggy football jerseys in The Music Emporium
acting very suspiciously. He stood out of sight and watched them. Sure enough he
observing them stuffing several CD's under their jerseys. When they left the
music store he followed them. Because Roy was dressed like regular run of the
mill teen and the fact that they were making a beeline to the nearest Mall exit
the three teens had no idea that he was following them. Just as the three prissy
teens stepped out side in to the bright California sun Roy stepped up to them
and flashed his Mall Security Badge.

   "Pardon me ladies; but I am placing you three under arrest for shoplifting
those CD's that are tucked under your clothes." Snapped Roy in an authoritative
tone.

   The three teens looked as if they were a trio of does caught in headlights.

    "Please hand them over to me." Roy snapped

   Nervously the three girls reached under the baggy jerseys they were wearing
and withdrew the music CD's that they stole and placed them in a box marked
'EVEDENCE' in large red letters that Roy was holding.

   "You'll have to come with me to the Security Office. Turn around, please and
place your hands behind your back." Barked Roy sternly.

   The short busty blonde, immediately place her hands behind her back. Roy
quickly placed a set of handcuffs tightly around her narrow wrist.

   At the ratcheting sound of the cuffs made the three teens started to cry and
the one that Roy was cuffing winced and let out a painful gasped as the cold
metal dug into her delicate flesh.

   "Next."

   The redhead to the left of the blond slowly started to compile, but as her
hands just started to slide around her shapely ass she began to stutter as she
continue to cry, "Ohhh...Goood...Oooficeer; Weee'lll giveee ev...everyth...thing
ba...back. Pleaseeee don't a...a...arrest ussss. It wa...wa...was ooonly aaaa
fra...fraternity p...p...prank."

   "Sorry Miss I have to arrest you three. You can talk to my supervisor. It
lies within his bounds to or not to involve the police in this matter." Roy
stated as he tightly cuffed her hands also. "It will depend on your history of
this sort of thing."

   "Oh, God mister." the busty blonde mewed barely above a whisper as two
rivulets of tears streamed down her face. "None of us has never, ever done this
before; honest."

   "Well if that's true my supervisor will most likely let the three of you go
and ban you from the Mall.

   The third teen nervously took a couple of steps away as Roy held up a third
set of handcuffs.

   "Miss it will not bode well if you run. Even if you escape I'm sure your two
companions will tell the police who you are and where you live in order to stay
out of juvenile hall. Then Miss you alone will be prosecuted not only for the
minor offense of shoplifting but also for resisting arrest. That Miss will bump
you from juvenile court to a real court and you'll be doing real time in the
women's prison for five years at least. So run if you want."

   Dejectedly the retreating teen stopped backing up. With slow short steps she
moved forwarded to stand in front of Roy; she turned around and put her hands
behind her back. After tightly securing her hands behind her, Roy turned the
trio around and marched them back in to the Mall. Their hair draping their tear
streaked faces like veils, as the three teens hung their heads down in shame as
Roy threaded them through the crowed Mall.

   Roy had thought that he would hate being a security guard at one of the
nation's largest Shopping Malls. Hell he didn't even think they would hire him
having just graduation high school. Or so it stated on his employment
application. But they did. The head of security had said that he needed a young
face to cover the stores that teens hung out in. A face, that wouldn't draw the
attention of the young people who were shoplifting. So Roy was hired.

   Hell there wasn't even run a background check on Roy. If one was they might
have found out that that most of the info Roy had written on the application was
bogus. About the only thing on it that was correct was his first name.

   But with a booming economy and the fact that it was hard to get anyone to
work for a sum of money that was dead even with the minimum wage Mall security
had trouble finding people to fill the open slots. Hell kids at those fast food
places made more money then the sum they were giving Roy.

   Not that the security outfit that the owners of the mall had contracted out
to couldn't afforded higher pay; they could easily have do so considering the
huge amount of money they were paid by the mall owners. But the security outfit
wanted to maximize their profits. Hence the ridiculously low pay of the people
they hired to do the actual work.

   If those money mongers would have done a proper background check they may
have found out the reason why so much of the info on Roy's application was
wrong. They might have found out that he was kicked out of school for roughing
up a cheerleader and trying to rape her.

   Hell it wasn't really Roy's fault the bitch asked for it. Time and again she
pranced around teasing just about everyone on the football team. When Roy
obliged she screamed rape.

   It happened after a game one night the coach had called Roy into his office
to bawl him out for misaligning the football for a field gold that cost the team
a major game. So he wound up being the last one in the locker room.

   Roy had just gotten out of the showers and was briskly rubbing his hair with
a towel as he was walking to his locker when Roy herd a high pitch giggle. When
Roy drew the towel off his head he saw Brittany Brooks standing right in front
of his locker.

   Brittany had her sexy little cheerleading top pulled up and was exposing her
perky firm tits. As Roy's eyes locked on to those lushes breasts he let the
towel flutter to the floor as his cock sprang to life and his mouth began to
water.

   Roy was immensely proud of his cock. It was a massive thing even in its limp
form it was longer and thicker then all of the other guys on campus hard ones.
When it was fully erect it lanced outwards from the dense forest of black curly
hairs of his groin for a good thirteen inches. The girth was almost as thick as
a 12oz beer can. Roy was so proud of his huge cock; that he has affectionately
named it 'Dong Kong' in reference to the movie about a giant gorilla. Whenever
he could he would display his horse like prick. The guys reacted to it with
jealous envy and the gals with fearful wonderment.

   It was with that fearful wonderment that Bridget popping eyes locked on to
Roy's stiffing cock. Like so many other gals Brittany thought to herself, "Oh
what a exquisitely stupendous hunk of man meat."

   Brittany's felt a warmth building up in her little snatch. Her loins became
so hot it was if her snatch was about catch fire. Her pussy cream flowed out of
her like Niagara Falls. Her nipples were a buzz sending waves of pure delight to
ripple throughout her young body. Her little clit poked its way out of the
sheath it normally hid in as it swelled. Brittany was on the verge of popping.
She was very near a wonderful climax from just looking at Roy's awesome one eye
wonder. It was so monstrous.

   Monstrous! Just as suddenly as it started her pussy juices dried up, her clit
dove back into its sheath and her near orgasm vanished. The joy she had been
feeling was replaced by a gut-wrenching fear as the image of Roy's monstrous
cock; for that what it was a monster ripping her little pussy to shreds as it
reamed its way in and out of her.

   Mark her current lover, who was also the football team's Captain cause her
immense pain when his nine incher stretched her cuntal walls to there very
limits each and every time it bottom out at the deep end of her pussy-hole. The
prick that still held her gaze was four inches longer and twice as thick.  No
way was she going to let that monstrous thing inside her tight little pussy.

   But being the true-blue cock tease that she was she decided to complete what
she had come to the locker room for.

   She thrust her own set of mouth-watering attributes towards Roy. The twin
38-inch D-cup globes sitting high and firm on her chest. Brittany started to
giggle as Roy reached out to touch her succulent mounds of flesh. Just before
his fingertips came into contact with them Brittany slapped his hands away and
snickered, "These aren't for losers." Then she started jiggling her breasts as
she continue to giggle, "You can't even handle a football much less these
babies" Then she quickly pulled her tight fitting cheerleading top back down.

   She turned her back to Roy who was standing there slack-jawed. She bent over
at the waist and flipped her short skirt up. Brittany wasn't wearing any
panties. Her moist plump pussy lips framed her slit and her asshole was
pulsating wantonly at Roy. 

   "This also is only for winners, LOOSER." As she straiten up her skirt fell
down over her ripe round rear covering it. "See ya later LOOSER!" Brittany
giggled as she walked away from Roy.

   Roy stood dumbfounded for several moments. Then just as Brittany was about to
reach the locker room doors he snapped out of his stupor. His iron hard cock and
balls bounced and swung around wildly as he raced towards Brittany. With ease he
tackled her to the floor. He quickly got to his knees while clutching her slim
waist. As he rose up Brittany hips came with him. Roy tucked one arm under
Brittany's tummy and used the other to flip her short cheerleader skirt up.

   Once her skirt was flipped up Roy used his free hand to center his throbbing
cock up with her pussy gash. But before he had a chance to plunge into her,
Brittany let loose with a blood-curdling scream.

   Roy let go of Brittany as the coach burst into the locker room from his
office. "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE!" he bellowed.

   "Hh...heee was ttrrrying toooo rrraperrr meee." Brittany sobbed as she
scrambled up off the floor.

      Well needless to say the shit hit the fan. Although no charges were ever
filed, because every one at the school knew what a tease she was so no one
believed Brittany's story that Roy had dragged her into the locker room to rape
her. However because of her father who was a member of the city council, who
only sent Brittany to public school to show the he was a common man of the
people got Roy thrown out of school.

   Gone; were any hopes of graduating from high school much less getting that
football scholarship the he was slotted for. So at the age of seventeen Roy drop
out of school. He moved out of his little hometown and headed south. So when he
filled out the application he reinvented himself. Gone was Roy Baker. Hello Roy
Davis.

   Roy was right at first. He was bored completely out of his skull. For close
to three months he slugged around the mall nearly oblivious to everything and
everyone around. Occasionally arresting and turning over the young people that
he caught shoplifting.

   But that change one night when Roy had pulled the graveyard roving patrol
shift. He was just finishing his rounds of the fifth level of the under ground
parking garage built under the Mall. After entering the elevator and was about
to push the button to go to the ground level when he notice that there was a
level below the level he was on marked on the control panel that require a key
to access. Using the security passkey he overrode the lockout.

   The level was basically empty only the massive support columns that supported
the mall sitting on their earthquake dampeners were on the newly discovered
level. Roy figure that no one had been down on the level since the mall was
finish and no one would be down there till a major quake.

   Roy was about to leave when he pass a section along one of the out side walls
where the sheetrock wall had a hole punched into it. There was a strong stream
of air rushing out of it. With his curiosity peeked Roy widen the hole out with
the flashlight until it was large enough for him to squeeze through. What Roy
found when he shone the flashlight around, surprised him.

   It seemed that an old stonewall behind the sheetrock had crumbled. On the
other side was a cavernous basement of some old building that once stood on the
mall's site.

   As Roy explored the basement an idea popped in to his mind, a marvelously
sinister idea. He hurried out of the newly discovered basement and went to the
maintenance supply room. After getting enough stuff to patch the busted
sheetrock Roy repaired the hole and cleaned up the mess hiding the room
completely.

   Roy moved from the ratty rent by the week hotel room he lived and into the
old basement he had found. Over the next few months Roy spent all of his off
time fixing up the place.

   First a mock wall was made that allowed him easy access. On one side of mock
wall it appeared just like the rest of the unfinished sheetrock walls that line
the perimeter of the quake dampening level. On the other side was a sheet metal
panel panted gray to resemble the countless doors that allowed access to the
various shops throughout the Mall On it was stenciled Security Office
Interrogation and Detention Room. The sheetrock/door panel had a set of sliding
hinges that made the panel easily reversible.

   Roy sound proof the entire huge basement with acoustic tiles, the next thing
he did was to build a smaller room about 10'X10' just on the inside of the
entryway. Once constructed, He furnished it like the real security office was.
Then Roy set about fixing up the rest of the large basement just the way he
wanted.

   The place had all the creature comforts a man could want and array of items
that Roy would need when he put the basement to the use he had envisioned when
he discovered it. The last thing that Roy did was to install an extensive
security system.

   Though most of the furnishing and other stuff came covertly from various
stores in the Mall the project completely wipe out Roy's meager savings. But if
things worked out as planed it wouldn't mater. He sure couldn't use the money
for what it was original intended for; a collage education. Brittany had seen to
that.

   On the day Roy set his plan in motion he rig the entryway so that the mock
wall showed the security door side. Then he went up the main part of the Mall.
It was the middle of the Christmas season so the Mall was pack with holiday
shoppers.

   Roy staked out one of the expensive jewelry shops. Though he did see a number
of shoplifters none of them fitted what he was looking for. So he arrest and
turned them in to the real Security Office. That was until a busty redhead in
her early twenties caught his attention near closing time.

   She was neither short nor tall, perhaps five-five, with a sleek body that
seemed molded to her bones. Her weight wasn't much more than a hundred and ten
pounds and all of it was packed in long muscles that looked like they were built
for speed. Her hair-long, rusty-colored tresses-flowed smoothly across her
shoulders and draped down her back stopping just above the small of her back.

   Her eyes were green and her features were small, giving her an appearance of
being much younger than the twenty-one years that she was. Her legs were lean
and hard. And the backs of the thighs crawled up onto a pert, tight little ass
that seam to want to burst out of the tight fitting slacks she was wearing.

   As a shoplifter she was totally inept. It was easy to tell that this was her
first time stealing. Even the clerk noticed her. Roy gave the clerk the sign
that he was on her as she left the jewelry store with several thousand dollars
of merchandise in her oversize purse. The shop clerk smiled with the
satisfaction that he was going to get the stolen items back.

   Being a first timer was one of Roy's major requirements. For first time
shoplifters were willing to do almost anything to avoid being turned over to the
cops. Being beautiful with a knock out figure and under, thirty were a couple of
others, which this red head was. But the most important requirement would have
to wait until Roy got her into the newly finished hideaway.

   Roy followed the redhead until she exited the Mall. He then stepped up to her
and showed her his security badge. "Miss, I am placing you under arrest for
shoplifting. May I have your purse please?"

   The redheaded 21-year-old flushed sheet white as she handed the young man who
was holding his hand out the large purse that she had stuff the jewelry she had
just stolen in.

   "If you would be so kind as to put your hand behind your back so that I can
handcuff you."

   Shaking like a leaf the redhead placed her hands behind her back. She winced
and whimpered. "Ohhh! Do they need to be so tight?" as the handcuffs reattached
tightly around her wrist.

   "Yes they do Miss. It's so you can't slip out of them." Roy stated sternly as
he clutched her upper left arm. As Roy marched the redhead back into the Mall,
Dong Kong began to stir from slumber. Dong Fought to escape form Roy's pants
that imprisoned it as he lead the redhead through the crowed public area of the
Mall and down into the bowels of the Mall to the fake Security Office. Neither
spoke as they walked along. However the redhead did began to shutter and cry
softly.

   After the two stepped into the fake Security Office the door with a
resounding clanged shut behind them with the sheetrock panel facing out. Roy
released his grip on the redhead's arm when she was standing in front of a metal
desk. Then Roy went behind the desk and sat down. Pushing a button on the desk
he activated the security system. Now Roy would know instantly if anyone
approached his little hideaway.   

   "Miss...mmm" Roy started to say as he ruffled through the redheaded women's
large purse until he found her wallet. "Mrs. O'Neil. Mrs. Tricia O'Neil..." Roy
stated in an authoritative tone as he read the women's name off her driver's
license. "Turn around please."

   When Tricia complied with Roy's command he fished a handcuff key out of desk
drawer and unlocked the cuffs trapping Tricia's hands behind her. Tricia drew
her hands in front of her and began rubbing the circlets that resulted from the
handcuffs being too tightly clamped around her wrist as she nervously turned
back around to face Roy.

   "Well now Mrs. O'Neil, what do we have to say about these?" Asked Roy as he
fished out several expensive watches, rings and other jewelry from the large
purse and placed them atop the desk.

     "I'm sorry sir. It's just that my husband got hurt on the farm several
months ago. And due to the crazy weather recently we loss the crops. We had no
insurance and we ran out of money. I needed food for my kids. That's the only
reason I took that stuff." Stammered Tricia.

   "You have some very strange kids Mrs. O'Neil, if this is what they eat." Roy
growled menacingly as he used both of his powerful burly hands to scoop up the
jewelry off the top of the desktop and thrust them towards the trembling,
sobbing woman.

   No, no I wasn't going to feed them that. I was going to pawn the jewelry then
buy food for them. Honest." Tricia stuttered through her sobs.

   Roy let the jewelry slip between his burly hands back to the desk and fished
out a couple of photos from Tricia's wallet and showed them to her. "Are these
your kids?"

   "Yes sir, that's Little Keith, He's three month's old and that Linda she's
eighteen months."

   "Where are they now? Did you abandon them in some alley like yesterday's
trash?"

   Oh, Dear God no! There're at home with their father."

    "Well Mrs. O'Neil I hope that you gave them all a big hug and kisses before
you left home to steal. Because you're going to jail..." Roy riffled through the
jewelry on the desk, "...for a very long time for stealing this amount of
jewelry. Yes, a very long time. Grand larceny is a ten to fifteen year stretch
in the state pin. Even with good behavior it will be six years before you see
these kids again." Roy snapped as he tossed the two photos on the desk towards
Tricia and picked up the phone.

   "Oh, please no. Please don't call the police. I beg you. Think of my kids.
Please." Tricia stammered as she renewed her crying.

   "I don't know about that Mrs. O'Neil. After all, the Mall has a very firm
policy on shoplifting. They insist that any and all thefts on the Mall property
be prosecuted to the full extent of the law."

   "I'll do anything you want. But please just don't call the police." Tricia
sobbed with tears streaming down her face.

   "I don't know I could get into a lot of trouble if I let you go. Anything you
say?"

   "Yes, yes anything at all. Anything! Just don't call the police."

   "Let's see mmmmm...Mrs. O'Neal sound very sincere about your circumstance.
And I sure, that you will promise not to steal at this Mall again. Isn't that
right Mrs. O'Neil?"

   "Oh, yes! Yes, yes I am very sorry and I promise never to steal again. Please
Officer Baker let me go." Tricia pleaded, her crying turning through heavy sobs.

   Roy got a thrill out of that his entire body rumbled with excitement as this
frighten sobbing woman continue to plead before him. Dong Kong was painting the
insides of his jeans with pre cum that it was spitting.

   "I could get into some very serious trouble if I don't report this to the
police. It might not be worth letting you go. After all you could tell someone
then I would be out of a job."

   "Oh, please Officer Baker I won't tell anybody about this if you let me go. I
won't cause you any trouble. I promise. Please let me go home to my kids.
Please!"

   Again Dong Kong tried to rip its way out of Roy's jeans as the redheaded
woman continued to plead. Roy wondered if she could see the bulge in his jeans.
"I don't know Mrs. O'Neil letting you off scot free doesn't sound like a very
prudent thing for me to do."

   Tricia cast her eyes downward and stuttered. "Please Officer Baker don't send
me to jail."

   "Well Mrs. O'Neil that depends. If you answer a few questions for me honestly
I'll think about it. OK."

   "Oh, yes Officer Baker I will. I will." Squeaked Tricia as she choked back
her sobs.

   "All righty then. First does your husband know you're here stealing?"

   "No Officer Baker. My husband thinks that I am up north trying to borrow more
money from my stepfather. He doesn't expect me back till late Monday"

   "What about someone else? Got a friend waiting out in the parking lot in a
getaway car?"

   "No, Sir I'm alone there's no one waiting for me in the parking lot. I don't
even have a car. I used my last few dollars to come here by bus."

   So no one knows that you're here stealing? And you're not expected home till
late Monday?"

   "Yes sir, that's right."

   It had worked out better than Roy had hope. The final requirement had been
fulfill. Dooming this frighten shivering young woman before him. It was just
after 9:00pm Friday night and she wasn't expected back home till late Monday
night. That gave Roy two and a half days to do what he wanted to do to her sexy
body before any alarms went off. Then when she was missed they would be
searching completely in the opposite direction then where she was actually
located. Yes it had worked out perfectly. There just couldn't be a better first
victim for his hidden playroom. Toy reached beneath the top of the desk and
rubbed his stiff cock that was straining to get out while saying to himself
"Almost, Dong Kong. Almost. Just hold in there a little bit longer."

   Then out loud, in soft comforting tones he spoke to his prey. "Well in that
case Mrs. O'Neil I think that we can work out an arrangement to keep you out of
prison. You did say anything didn't you Mrs. O'Neil?"

   "Yes sir, what do you want, Officer Baker?" Tricia asked, as hopefulness
crept into her voice. "What is it that you want me to do?"

   "Just show me those TITTIES you're hiding under that blouse." Roy giggled
sinisterly.




     CHAPTER TWO:

    

   Tricia's mouth dropped open in shock and desperately stuttered, "But I can't
do that."

   "Sure you can," Roy insisted sternly. "It's not going to hurt you to flash
them titties. It's that or the police!"

   Tricia's face burned. She knew that she was turning red. She could feel the
embarrassment burn in the skin of her face and tits. But she knew that she was
going to have to do exactly what she had been told to do to keep the young man
behind the desk from calling the police.

   "I'm tired of waiting, BITCH," Roy growled, and reached for the phone on the
desk. "I'm starting to dial-the police right now and the only way you're going
to stop me is to have those titties out before the cops answer on the other
end!"

   Tricia whined mournfully, but as she watched a finger punched out the first
number her fingers quickly flew to the top button of her blouse. By the time the
third number was pressed, she had the buttons of her blouse open and she
shrugged out of the garment, all the time watching that finger dance over the
phone buttons. As the finger was punching in the seventh digit she quickly
reached behind her and unsnapped the hook of her bra. The cups of padded
material fell away from her twin mounds, her thick nipples pointing toward the
young Security Officer as if they were threatening to poke his eyes out.

   Roy's eyes feasted on the bare female tit flesh, as he spoke into the phone.
"No, I'm sorry, I don't need the police right at this minute, I must have dialed
the wrong number."

   What the redhead with trembling boobies which were redder then her long
flowing hair didn't know that Roy hadn't been talking to anyone. Because the
phone he had used wasn't even hooked up. It was a ruse to see if she would
comply with his demand to avoid going to jail.

   With a sigh of relief, Tricia watched the young Security Officer put the
receiver back into its cradle. When she shifted her eyes from the phone back to
the man who was staring at her naked chest, it made her skin itch and crawl.
Once again she flushed scarlet as blood rushed hotly through her cheeks and
tits.

   "Holy shit!" Roy hissed. " You do have a real wild set of knockers!

   From Tricia's long neck and narrow shoulders creamy flesh flowed down her
chest to arch outward into a pair of magnificent 42-DD boobies. Her titties were
full and firm, and riding high with very little drooping despite having two
rug-rats. The tips looked like they were almost reaching upward and outward, as
if seeking a mouth to suck them in. The sand dollar size halos of skin around
the long turgid nipples were only a slightly darker hue than the surrounding
skin that was crimson red from embarrassment. Never had Roy seen a better pair
of shapely tits, and the lusty sight was beginning to make his mouth water.

   "Can I put my bra and blouse back on now?" Tricia asked with a quivering meek
voice as she wrapped her arms around her busty chest wanting to hide her
breasts, along with her shame. Roy's sadistic laughter seemed to fill the room
making Tricia ever more fearful.

   "You haven't even started being naked yet, you silly BITCH!" Roy yelled at
her. "You think one peek at your TITTIES is worth putting my job on the line to
keep your ass out of jail? If you want to hang onto your freedom, and those
goddamn BRATS of yours, you're going to have to do a whole hell of a lot more
than flash your titties around before you've paid your dues!"

   Tricia almost panicked She backed into the corner of the office, eyes darting
around the room hopping to find an avenue of escape. Her stomach tensed and her
heart leaped into her throat as she huddled there shivering with pure fear.

   "Continue stripping bitch!" Roy snarled at her. "When you're finished, l,
don't want you to have a stitch of clothing on!"

   "No!" Tricia squealed, clutching her tits so tightly that her full firm
breasts were being squeezed flat.

   She watched her bra and blouse snatched from the desk where she had dropped
them, and disappeared behind the desk, then the loud rattling of a metal drawer
slamming shut.

   "I told you that you didn't have a fucking choice, BITCH" Roy snarled. "If I
don't see your ass naked, I'll recall the police. Or maybe I'll kick you out of
here with your titties hanging out for every one in the Mall to see, then I'll
tell everybody that you were stripping and begging to suck my cock to keep me
from calling the cops!"

   'Pleeease! Don't do this to me!" Tricia groaned, but the fiery lust in the
young Security Officer eyes told her that her pleas didn't stand a chance. There
was nothing she could do, so she stepped forward in the room and began stripping
out of the rest of her clothes, until she finally stood naked before him.

   Roy whistled as he glared closely at her trembling flesh. The bitch's body
was even better than he had expected. His thirteen-inch long cock was throbbing
so hard in his trousers that it ached.

   Far down her rippling belly, a soft patch of carroty cunt hair grew like a
pelt around the mauve lips of her delicate little cunt. Her cunt-slit peeked out
of its beard. And despite her fear or because of it those delicate pink lips
were slick and gleaming with moister.

   Roy stared at Tricia's crotch, she was the best-looking bitch that he had
ever seen in his life, even better then Brittany. And she was in his clutches
his mouth twisted into a evil grin at the sadistic thoughts that ran ramped
through his head.

   "Please, Officer Baker!" the frightened woman moaned. "Let me get dressed!
I'm so terribly ashamed!"

   "Shut the fuck up!" Roy growled, and pushed the chair back from the desk.
"Come over here in front of me so l can get a better look!"

   Trembling, Tricia stumbled on faltering feet to the side of the desk, where
she used a hand on top of the metal surface to give her whirling head some
balance.

   "Damn it BITCH! Haul that ass over Here!" Roy snarled, pointing at the edge
of the desk in front of him. When she moved between the desk, and Roy he shoved
her backwards.

   Tricia grimaced, as she fell atop of the metal desk. Her head making the
metal desk ring as it slammed into it. The jewelry she had stolen dug into her
back. The position perched her ass over the edge of the desk; right in front of
Roy's face giving him a superb view of the thick carrot colored forest of her
twat and the little hump of her forested mons. His eyes roamed past that mound
to the slightly concave stomach which was ripping with fear to the towering
mountains of titty flesh that were jiggling like two jello molds.

   Tricia could almost feel the set of lustful male eyes swarming over her flesh
staring right at her pussy. Devouring every square inch of her naked body.
"Ooooh!" she groaned in desperate humiliation.

   From the tip of her toes to the top of her head she glowed brightly with pure
embarrassment as if someone had painted her skin a bright crimson. She cross her
shapely long legs and wrapped her arms back around her jutting breasts in an
attempt to hide her feminine attributes from those dagger eyes.

   Powerful hands clamped around the young woman's ankles and pried them apart
until her pussy-slit parted slightly. Her cunt looked good enough to eat. The
closeness of her inner thighs caused the mounds of the pussy to appear enlarged,
and splitting the center of the hump was the juicy slit of her cunt that was
tantalizingly parted; just enough to get a glimpse inside. Tricia gasped in
shock when in one quick movement she was flipped over onto her belly like a
pancake.

   "Reach back and spread your ass-cheeks," Roy snapped, and then slapped her
rump hard with both of his open hands when her arms remained folded tightly
across her breasts beneath her.

   Tricia yelped in pain at the brutal, stinging blow. Her hands zipped to her
rear. For a few seconds, she rubbed the prickling skin on her rear where the two
bright pink handprints were. The skin of her ass still burned from the slaps to
it, and her fingers felt as if they were branding her flesh.

   "I said spread them not play with them BITCH!" Roy roared as he smacked the
back of her head.

   Tricia yelped as her head slammed into the top of the metal disk. She stopped
her gentle rubbing of her inflamed rear and slid her fingers into the deep
furrow of her ass. She could feel the pressure beneath her fingertips as she
pried open, her ass-crease.

   A wave of total degradation flooded through her body and mind. She blubbered
like a baby, almost choking on her sobs of embarrassment, but her fingers
continued spread her ass cheeks wide. As her ass-flesh was pulled tight, her
asshole puckering inward and outward like a dark pulsating star.

   "The little thieving bitch had fallen completely into my clutches. She had
been so afraid of being locked up in jail and not seeing her rug-rats that she
had given in to my humiliating demands. Now I have the sexy bitch right where I
wanted her, ready to make her my sex slave my Fucktoy." Roy thought to himself.

   "She was going to pay me in full. Not for the stuff she stole. I couldn't
care less about that. But she was going to pay for what Brittany did to me." Roy
continue to think then burst out with a side splitting laughter; that was filled
with sadistic lust as he poked his left index finger where the tiny star shape
bud of her asshole winked out from the shadows. "Damn I going to enjoy reaming
this tight bugger out, but first."

   "Oh my God!" Tricia groaned in shame, when a finger prodded the tight star of
her rectum. Goosebumps sprang up all over her body as that finger ever so
lightly traced a path on her skin from her twitching rectum entrance across the
small span of skin between her legs to the bottom of her pussy and around her
pussy-slit.

   Tricia strained forward, pushing the front of her thighs painfully against
the edge of the metal desk that Roy had narrowed almost to a point. Her weight
shifted forward, pinching her exquisite breasts against the metal until they
ached. But no matter how much she squirmed, she couldn't get away from the
roaming finger as it swirled around her pussy-slit and lining up with the mouth
of her pussy-hole.

   "Eeekkkkeeee!" Tricia squeaked in pain as the thick finger shoved into her
dry vagina. "Nooo! Dooon't dooo th...that" She groaned in shame as the finger
began pistoning like a small cock.

   "You better get that nasty twat greasy if you know what's good for you!" Roy
snarled, leaning forward in the chair so he could get a better view of his
Fucktoy's twat that he was crudely finger-fucking as she was forced to lean over
the desk like a cheep street whore.

   When his jamming finger easily slid far up the trembling woman's twat he
shoved a second finger inside.

   "Don't hurt me!" Tricia cried as she felt her pussy being stretched.

   Roy scissored the two fingers in her cunt-hole, twisting one way, then the
other. The humiliated young woman felt terribly used and abused, dark black
lines streaked down her cheeks as her tears dragged her makeup down her face.

   That wasn't the only fluid that was flowing. Despite the humiliation and pain
she was suffering, the two fingers pistoning in and out of her pussy-hole was
causing her pussy to secrete its natural lubrication. Not in pleasure but as a
defensive from the ripping pain was causing. Whatever the reason Tricia sham
deepened even more as she felt her pussy juices flow out of her pussy slit and
dribble to the floor from her carroty pussy hair.

   "There's enough twat-cream now," Roy quipped, as he suddenly ripped the two
thick fingers out of her twat.

   Tricia heard a soft thud behind her somewhere on the floor, and she rolled
her head around to see. Her young tormenter was naked from the waist down, and a
tremendous thirteen-inch prick was jutting out from his hairy crotch. She
couldn't believe what she was seeing. Not only was it the longest cock that she
had ever seen, but also it was the thickest. It was thicker then her wrist.
There was no way that throbbing purple monster would be able to fit into her.

   "Oh, God, no!" Tricia cried, and tried to push her nude body up from the
desk.

   But a large hand smacked the back of her head causing her face to be slammed
back down against the top of the desk. The metal smacked her right cheekbone as
hard as if she had been hit with a fist.

   "Ugh!" Tricia yelped, clenching her eyes close and trying to force her head
to clear.

   "Shut the fuck up; BITCH!" Roy growled at her as he guided his bulbous purple
cock-head into her pussy-slit. "Don't give me any shit! You're nothing but a
Fucktoy. MY FUCKTOY!"

   "OOOHHHDEARGOD! You'll kill me with that thing. Tricia wailed. "Oh, please
don't stick your thing into me! It's too big. "

   "Tough titty said the kitty!" Roy snarled sadistically. "Say hello to Dong
Kong!"

   "EEEEAAAAKKKKEEEE!!!!"

   Tricia howled like a dieing cat as three inches of throbbing prick rammed
into HER tiny cunt-hole before wedging tightly in her cuntal grip. The thick
cock tugged sharply at the tender flesh of her cunt walls.

   "It hurts!" Tricia shrieked. "It's ripping me to pieces! Take it out! Oh,
please-take your thing out of me!"

   With a beastly laugh Roy rocked his hips in a little circle to aid his mighty
throbbing prick into the tiny tight snatch. He had a naked, sexy bitch sprawled
over his desk and was feeding her his long, rigid prick. And even if it split
the little bitch's twat wide open, he was going to fuck all of Dong Kong into
her.

   The bulging cock-head felt like a small fist in Tricia's cunt-hole. Her cunt
ring squeezed down tightly on the thick shaft. Slowly, the prick began inching
back out of her cunt-hole, and then it fucked violently inside once again.
Another two inches of her twat channel was broached as the cock-stroke spread
cunt-juice in her fuck-hole.

   "Aaargh!" Tricia screamed as another couple of inches of prick was fucked in.
Her tight cunt walls were shoved brutally out of the way stretching them super
thin as the monstrous thick cock burrowed further and further in. Another few
tearing cock-strokes wedged even more of the massive prick into her cunt. With
just over half of the massive cock in her totally distorted cuntal passage the
mushroom cock-head knocked roughly against the end of her cuntal passage,
against the narrow doorway of her womb.

   "Half way there BITCH!" Roy snigger with glee. "Get that nasty twat ready to
take the rest.

   Tricia squirmed and shuttered in sheer agony beneath Roy as he wrapped his
powerful hands around her narrow waist. Roy's giddy statement rung in her ears,
"Halfway there? Take the rest?" Surely that was impossible. Already her pussy
was stretched beyond belief and the fat cock-head was shoved agonizingly against
her cervix. There was simply no place for more of the monstrous cock to go. But
she was wrong, so very, very wrong, which, Tricia quickly and painfully
discovered.

    Roy drew three inches of his cock that that was inside her back out. After
pausing for a few moments he tighten his grip around Tricia's narrow waist and
yanked her backwards. At the same time Roy thrust his hips forward. Dong Kong
roared through her incredible tight twat and even tighter womb. A wide grin of
satisfaction spread across Roy's face as his heavy jism filled balls slapped
into the small "V" of her crotch.

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEEKKKKKK! OHDEARGOD! NOOOOOOOOO" Tricia wailed.

   She was sure that she was going to die. Not since the birth of her son had
anything pass through her birth canal. Mother nature's hormones had prepared her
body for that birth. And she was doped out to the max. Still she went through
hellish pains as she delivered little Keith.

   But now she didn't have either of those things to ease the excruciating
mind-blowing pain. Now not only did she felt the monstrous prick rip its way
through the narrow birthing canal but felt the fat mushroom head of the prick
pop into her womb.

   "How do you like that, Bitch! Just think of every pounding cock-stroke, is
one more day you won't have to spend in prison!''

   The massively thick hard cock pounded in and out of her aching pussy. Tricia
howled at the top of her lungs, each time the swollen cock-head battered its way
into her womb. Her entire insides felt as if they were being rip to shreds by
the monstrous 13" long thick cock-shaft, even her pussy-juices, which were
flowing heavily as a defensive measure did not ease her horrific pain one iota.
She could hear the wet sloshing sounds of her pussy as she was brutally raped
from the rear like some bitch dog in heat.

   "That's a tight fucking twat!" Roy hissed as he reamed his throbbing cock
into her. Her twat was squeezing Roy's cock harder than a fist. He could feel
gripping twitching cuntal walls along every inch of his buried prick meat, and
the wet heat of her cunt-juices felt like it would scald his skin.

   Never before had had Dong Kong buried to the hilt in a twat. Roy was lucky to
get nine good inches it into one before the bitch he was fucking squeal for him
to stop pushing in. Most of the time, not even that much. But with Tricia here
he didn't need to worry about that problem. She had no say on the subject. 

   "Oh God it hurts! It hurts, real bad! Please take it out! Please. Ohdeargod
please take it out!" Tricia howled as her pussy-hole and womb was brutally
fucked.

   "Hot damn!" Roy gasped. "My balls are about to explode! Get ready BITCH! Dong
Kong is about to fill your nasty twat with cum!"

   Tricia felt his prick swell even further inside her. Then a hot wetness
blasted not only into her pussy-hole but also into her womb. The stick stuff
seem to be scalding her womb as the jism filled up the cavity meant for holding
an unborn child. Sticky cum splattered out of her jism filled womb and spread
over the deep end of her pussy as she continued to be raped. His cock-head
hammered and spat then beat at her again, again and again.

   The raping prick shot its sticky juices into the tortured young woman,
filling her so completely the sticky gooey stuff jetted out of her cunt to run
down the insides of her legs. She gasped and shuttered as the still hard, long
thick prick was yanked out of her. She thought she was being turned inside out.

   The retreating of the massive prick came so suddenly that it left the young
sobbing woman had her feeling kind of hollow before her thinly stretched cunt
walls collapsed back in.

   Though she desperately wanted to get out of the little Security Office.
Tricia remained laying across the metal desk. Both from the horrid raping that
had left her as week as a kitten and fear of what her rapist would do to her if
she moved without permission. So she remained bent over atop of the desk as her
rapist pulled his trousers back up

   "Please, sir may I get dress and go home now? Please?" Tricia blubbered over
her sobbing.

   "Bitch I'm not finished with your ass by a long shot. But I need to make an
appearance topside. So I'm going to tuck you away for a while."




     CHAPTER THREE:

  

   Tuck away she was. Over in the corner was a 35gal drum with the words
'DETENTION CELL' stenciled in inch high letters around the drum's sides. Tricia
was grabbed by her ankles and carried over to it. She was dropped headfirst. The
top of her head smacked against the bottom of the drum, which dazed her. Like a
sardine the rest of her was crammed into the drum.

    Tricia's head was force to curl around so that her chin was pressed
painfully into her chest and her forehead rested between her breasts that had
flopped downward towards her shoulders.

   This put the pressure of her entire body weight on the curved portion of her
neck that was in contact with the bottom of the drum. Her long tapered legs were
bent and shoved into the drum with her until her knees were aguishly jammed into
the under sides of her breasts.

   It took a great deal of effort to have her five-foot-five frame squeezed into
the three-foot drum. But when it was finally achieved the drum top was put in
place and secured with a drum clamp plunging Tricia into complete darkness.

   Though Roy knew that she was screaming in agony; for she was doing so as he
squished her into the drum, but he couldn't hear a peep from the sealed drum
now. Roy fought to get his giggling back under control as he made his way back
to the upper levels of the Mall.

   The jewelry shop clerk thanked Roy as he returned the jewelry that Tricia had
pinched. He said something about Roy being to easy on the little theft when Roy
told him that due to the holiday season he had let her go with a warning and a
promise from her not to do it again.

   Roy wandered about his assigned section of the Mall as it closed down. After
the Mall finished closing, he went to the real Security Office to finish up his
daily reports and punched out. 

   "You seem awfully happy tonight Roy. The holiday sprit finally hit you?"
Asked Roy's watch supervisor Harry Stone.

   Roy's smile broadened as he imagined his Fucktoy scrunched in the pitch-black
detention cell. "Yea I got a nice little package waiting for me back at home."

   "Tom wanted me to thank you for swapping Christmas with him." Harry stated.

   "No problem, a guy should be with his kids on Christmas. Besides I can use
the extra day off this weekend to have some fun with my new gift." Roy replied
giddily.

   "Well then I guess I see you Tuesday at 2pm then. I hope you really enjoy
that gift of yours. Its good to see you in such a good mood."

   "Oh, I'm sure I will. I'm very sure that I will enjoy it immensely. Bye!"

   Tricia was collapsed facedown atop the wide metal desk once again. Half of
her rapist cock was still jammed into her pussy, and it remained as hard as a
rock. Even after cumming for a second time since her release from the cramping
drum he had stuffed her into, hadn't knocked the starch out of his raping prick,
and Tricia whimpered when she felt the long prick shaft throb deep inside her
vagina. She had hoped that emptying his balls for the third time would have
taken the lust out of her rapist, but that wish had turned out to be empty.

   "Please take it out!" Tricia groaned, her weight pressing heavily on her
breasts. She hadn't realized how banged around her firm tits had been, while she
was being violently fucked, but they ached now from the savage mashing they had
taken.

   "When I'm good and ready," Roy barked and thrust forward shoving his prick
deep inside her pussy, poking it painfully up against the narrow opening of her
womb.

   Tricia didn't know what to do. She was still in agony from being crammed into
the drum for over two hours. She had been so happy when the top of the drum was
popped open and she was hauled out of the drum. However her happiness completely
disappeared as she was slammed stomach first back onto the metal desk and her
rapist plunge the entire thirteen inches of cock meat into her already bruised
and swollen pussy-hole and back into her womb adding to her agonizing pain. All
that filled her mind was her desire for her rapist to back his cock out of her
pussy and allow her up off the hard metal desk. But her rapist prick kept her
body nailed to the desk. Tricia yelped as her rapist pushed a finger into her
tight sphincter.

   "Anyone, been in here yet?" Her rapist giggled evilly.

   Tricia's mind was reeling. His words were like daggers in her chest. They
pierced and almost stopped her heart. The brutal man was talking about fucking
her in the rear, and she knew that her asshole just wasn't big enough. His cock
would tear and rip her guts to pieces, and the fear of it made her howl. Stars
exploded behind her eyes as her rapist smacked the back of her head.

   "Quit that caterwauling and answer me!"

   Tricia subdued her howling and stuttered, "No, sir. No one has been up my
bottom."

   "Bottom? What this crap about a bottom? I want to know if anyone has packed
this steamy poop-chute?"

   Tricia groaned her rapist was out to totally debase her. Forcing her to
respond in crude vulgar words.

   "No, sir no one has pac..."

   Again stars exploded behind Tricia's eyes.

   "Bitch I am your Lord and Master. Use it when speaking to me.

   "My Lord and Master, no one has packed my steamy poop-chute." Tricia sobbed.

   "Good at less there's one hole on your worthless slutty body that virginal.
Get ready for some corn-holing!" Roy gloated, "Ding Kong got all the grease that
it needs!"

   Roy used his fingers to spread the tormented woman's ass-crease, revealing
the tiny pucker of her asshole. His prick throbbed and hardened even more within
the tight confines of her twat.

   There was a loud sucking pop as he yanked his long thick prick out of her
stretched, cum flooded pussy. He pressed his mushroom shape cock-head against
her shitter. Brutally, he shoved the wrinkled skin of her asshole inside as he
crammed his cock-head through her ass-ring. A crushing pressure gripped his cock
right behind his swollen cock-head, making him gasp with pleasure. It was the
tightest shitter he'd ever fucked his prick into and he was determined to make
it swallow every single inch of his meaty cock.

   "AAEEIIIAAARRRRGGGEEE!" Tricia screamed as she felt her asshole ripping
apart. It was just as if she had been speared. Speared by a hot throbbing metal
spike that was going to rip out her guts. She would have never believed that
such pain could exist. It was ten times worse then the three; pussy/womb rapes
she had already endure from this horrible man.

   The young woman's cries turned Roy on even more. "What good is it to
corn-hole a shitter," he thought, "if the bitch doesn't scream in pain?"

   Roy grunted as he watched all of Dong Kong disappear through his Fucktoy's
tight shit-hole. There was nothing he liked better than corn-holing a young
virgin poop chute, and Tricia's shitter had obviously never been fucked.
Impaling her ass with Dong Kong was even more fun than fucking her pussy.

   "Nooo!" Tricia groaned. "It's killing me! It's ripping my guts to pieces! I
can't stand it! Take your cock out of my guts!"

   "It's just beginning BITCH!" Roy chirped as he fucked her tight ass with
greater vigor. "By the time you get fucked in the ass a hundred times by Dong
Kong, you'll be able to pop turds out without them touching the walls of your
poop chute!"

   The tortured young woman collapsed loosely across the top of the desk. Every
muscle seemed to go limp, battered into submission by the iron hard monstrous
cock raping her ass. Before long, even her ass-ring gave up the fight and
stretched enough to lessen the pain. Then the rapist's cock was gliding in and
out of her tight asshole as, if it had been meant to be fucked.

   "Oh shit, this is good corn-holing" He exclaimed as his balls began
tightening between his legs,

   He could feel his cum bubbling in his balls, getting ready to blast into the
woman's shit-chute. His prick-shaft swelled even more. Then his spine burned and
his balls gripped, and cum exploded from the end of his prick far up into
Tricia's raped asshole.

   Tricia felt the heat of his jism splash into the depths of her shitter, and
it seemed to spread fire through her gut. Horrible pain was mixed with bolts of
some other sensation, and the combination rocked her body and mind. If she had
been making love with her husband's cock up her cunt, she would have sworn she
was starting to climax. But that was clearly impossible, she thought as
pussy-juices ran hot and thick down her legs. She sobbed, then her whole body
was ripped by a violent explosion, which began somewhere down near her pouting
bruised pussy and speared asshole and spread upward to jolt her mind.

   Tricia couldn't believe it despite all the agony she was in she had just
climaxed. A powerful soul-rattling climax; never in her young life had she
experienced such a strong climax. It completely shamed her when she realized it
was because of the sodomizing act she had just gone through. Her skin tone
blossomed to a candy-apple-red as gooey spunk drooled out of her stretched and
tattered pussy and ass to splat loudly on the floor beneath her.

   Tricia had a slab of hard prick in her mouth. She sucked the cock-head clear
to the back of her mouth. The swollen prick bulged against the opening to her
throat, almost plugging it up. Her velvety tongue was mashed to the bottom of
her mouth, allowing almost a third of the long thick cock to slide beyond her
lips. Although the young captive didn't know it, the prick was just one good
shove from burrowing down into the intense tightness of her throat.

   Her eyes were closed. Her nose was full of the smell of blood, cum,
pussy-juice and shit left over on the prick from when Roy had raped her two
bottom holes. Her jaws ached from being stretched wider then they had ever been
stretched before. She wanted to spit the throbbing thing out of her mouth, but
after several powerful raps to the sides of her head when Roy had first shoved
his pulsing prick into her mouth she decided it would be best to continue to
suck on the massive prick.

   Sharon had expected the whole thing to be over now, especially after dumping
his second load of jism into her rear; his fifth counting the three loads that
were dripping out of her tenderize pussy. But instead he had griped about how
messy she had made his prick as he withdrew the hard rod from her burning
rectum.

   He had twirled her hair around his hand and yanked her off the desk. After
spinning her around he sat back down in the chair behind the desk. As he sat he
forced her down to her knees then with his free hand he started to slap her face
over and over as he barked. "CLEAN THIS MESS YOU MADE BITCH!"  Then he squeezed
her jaws open and inserted the hard thick rod of pulsating flesh into her mouth.
Then he grasped both of Tricia's ears and jerked her head back and forth by them
so that his prick pistoned through her mouth as if it was her twat.

   Having never had a man's cock in her mouth before Tricia didn't know what to
do with a mouthful of thick rubbery pulsating prick. So she passively laid upon
the desk letting him piston the thing through her mouth as if it was her vagina.
The raw earthy taste of her own shit that coated her tongue made Tricia choked
and gagged as bile rose up from her stomach.

   In trying to get her choking and gagging under control Trish swallowed hard
to force her bile back down into her stomach. Her already stretched lips closed
tightly around the thick shaft filling her mouth forming a perfect airtight seal
creating a vacuum as a result.

   "That right BITCH!" Roy moaned with pleasure. "Suck hard on Dong Kong. Suck
on my prick like a goddamn straw!"

   Tricia was too frightened to do anything else. His prick was already sliding
back and forth through her well-stuffed mouth devirgining her last hole. So she
did what she was told. She sucked hard on the thing stuffing her mouth as if she
was trying to suck a thick milkshake through a soda straw. As the prick slid
back and forth allowing her tongue to accumulate more and more of her own shit
Tricia fought the urge to vomit as she kept her lips tightly sealed around the
thick sausage like cylinder of hot throbbing meat.

   "Oh yea man that's it! Keep it up BITCH!" I groaned in pure ecstasy.

   She couldn't believe the staying power of Roy's cock. In the three an a half
years married to her husband It was a major event if his three-inch cock dumped
his load into her pussy twice in one night. The norm was one load per night and
only one strictly strait intercourse session a month. Now she was sucking cock,
waiting for Roy to dump his sixth load, this one in her mouth; which would be
another first for her.

   "BITCH! When you clean cock you clean ALL of it." Roy roared as he thrust his
hips forward and yanked Tricia's head forward by her ears. The small opening to
her gullet was breached, and the mushroom cock-head slid down into the gripping
pressure of her throat. The muscles of her neck bulged outward, showing the
progress of the wrist thick fuck-shaft down her throat as the tormented captive
breath was cut off. Her nose was buried in Roy's groin-hair and her chin brushed
against his balls. Every bit of his thirteen-inch prick was buried beyond her
lips, and three quarters of the long thick shaft was down her throat.

   Tricia lungs felt like they were on fire as the long thick prick denied her
any chance to exchange air. She struggled mightily to pull her head back so that
the prick would be dislodged from her throat. But Tricia couldn't overpower
Roy's powerful grip. Just as she grew light headed and was on the verge of
passing out Roy pulled her head back by her ears letting his prick slid out of
her throat just enough to allow fresh air to rush into her lungs.

   As Tricia sucked in air into her burning lungs the air fluttered around the
mushroom head of Roy's cock sending ripple after ripple of sheer delight to rush
from the tip of his tingling cock to course throughout his muscular body.

   Tricia's lungs were still burning when Roy yanked her head forward again. His
long thick prick burrowed back down her throat cutting off her air supply once
again. In and out, out and in slid the monstrous pulsating prick. Tricia spent a
great deal more time with a thick throbbing cock plugging her throat then not.
Wiry cock-hair tickled Tricia's nose, the heavy balls hanging low in their sack
slapped against her chin each time the pistoning prick bottomed out against her
lips. Each time the prick slid back, it stopped just out side her gullet
entrance allowing her to suck in just a wisp of fresh air during the all to
brief time that her throat became unplugged. Though she got enough air into her
to keep her conscious she never did suck in enough air to squish the burning in
her lungs.

   Tricia could do nothing but remain kneeling and submit as Roy's monstrous
prick piston back and forth like a locomotive out of control. Over and over she
was deep throated. It was over ten minutes before the long thick deep-throating
prick blossomed even larger, and rippled along its entire length. Then something
slimy and sticky was shooting down her gullet to splash in her stomach. Tricia's
concave tummy bulged out as sperm filled it up. 

   The now deflated prick slid easily out of Tricia's throat and mouth as Tricia
collapsed to the desk gasping for breath when Roy released his grip on her ears.
While she lay there, soothing the burning in her lung by gasping in huge amounts
of air she watched her rapist through puffy tear swollen eyes.

   He retrieved the handcuffs that he had use on her earlier. The cuffs were
snapped around her wrists so that her hands were trapped in front of her. The
cuffs were tightened even tighter then the first time. The unrelenting circlets
of steel sank deeply into her flesh, until their progress was halted by bone.
Already Tricia could see her hand turning color and bloat, as the blood flow to
them was severely restricted.

   After standing up right and moving behind his new Fucktoy Roy drew his foot
back. "UP AND AT 'EM! BITCH!" Roy giggled as he kicked her in the ass.

   Tricia groggily rolled onto her back and with teary eyes looked up at her
rapist towering over her. "Please no more. Please! Haven't you done enough to
me?" Tricia gurgled as gooey jism worked is way back up Tricia' raw gullet to
drool out of her mouth.

   "Not by a long shot BITCH! Your payback is just starting." Roy growled as he
stomped his foot down hard atop her gut.

   Roy broke out with sidesplitting laughter, as he watched globs of jism spray
out of her mouth like a water fountain.

   "All you've done was flash a little skin and try to fuck me silly. We haven't
even begun the fun and games yet. So get off your lazy ass now BITCH!"

   "Dear God, what else could he possibly want to do with me?" Tricia mumbled to
herself as she struggled up off the floor. On her way up her teary eyes locked
onto Roy's groin. Even though it was spent and hung limply over his low hanging
ball sack it was still over twice as long and thick as her husbands fully erect
cock.

   She wondered how she ever survived the monstrous prick in is fully erect
state. But she had. Not only once but six times before the starch was knocked
out of it. Every orifice in her body was rubbed raw, stretched and throbbing in
immense pain.

   Her young rapist couldn't be human. No man could be hung as he was much less
be able to have such stamina. No he couldn't be human. He was some kind of
demonic beast that was let out of hell to punish her for braking one of God's
commandments.

   Once on her feet Tricia shuffled dejectedly upon very wobbly, rubbery legs
followed her rapist. She was surprised when with his pinky finger he easily
removed one of the apparently solid sections of the Security Office back wall.

   "An exit!" Tricia mumbled to herself. "There was a way for me to escape. But
escape to where?"

   With a broad sweeping motion of his left arm and hand he signaled Tricia to
step through the opening in the wall. She nervously stepped through the opening
with Roy following right behind her.

   "Welcome to the Brittany Brook's Memorial Play Room BITCH!"




     CHAPTER FOUR:

  

   Tricia turned sheet white as she scanned the room. Like something out of the
medieval ages the items scattered throughout the room had only one purpose. The
room she was standing in was nothing more then a torture chamber. Like a beaten
whimpering puppy Tricia sunk to the floor howling in total despair. "Dear God
you can't possibly want to use those horrible things on me."

   "Sure I do BITCH." Roy giggled as he reached down and grabbed a hand full of
her hair. "And were going to start right now."

   Roy dragged his sobbing victim to a set of wire ropes hanging from the
ceiling. He looped the thin wires around each of Tricia's ankles and hauled her
up. The thin wire bit deeply into her ankles as they took the strain of her body
being lifted up off the floor. The higher she was lifted the wider Tricia's legs
were pulled apart. By time her head was six inches off the floor her legs were
pulled so far apart that Tricia was sure that she was going to split in two.

   Tricia felt the terrible ripping pain radiating through her hip joints as she
hung upside down like a side of beef. She pressed her cuffed bloated hands to
the floor and pushed. The resulting handstand eased some of the cutting pain in
her ankles and the popping strain in her hip joints.

   But that minuscule relief was lost when Roy's powerful hands gripped her
right mammary gland one over the other. He clinched down so hard on her titty
that the flesh oozed through the gaps between his fingers. She moved her own,
cuffed hands up to her right breast and tried to pry Roy's hands off it. The
handcuffs digging into her wrists made moving her numb, stiff fingers difficult
and were causing her even greater pain. For as she flex her bloated digits
searing lighting bolts of pain lanced up her arms.

   Despite her valiant effort Tricia just didn't have the strength to remove the
powerful hands crushing her right breast. As a reward for her attempts to
dislodge his hands Roy sunk his talons deeper into the spongy tissue and twisted
his hands in opposite directions. Tricia howled and shuddered violently. She
abandoned her attempt to dislodge Roy's hands as a blinding white flash of pain
exploded behind her eyes. She settled on just letting her cuffed hands rest
around the base of her crushed and twisted mammary gland.

   Roy lifted Tricia's torso up by her right booby until her face was a couple
of inches from his. Roy's spent cock began to twitch back to life as he looked
into her grimacing face. Drooling and letting his spittle fly into Tricia's face
as he spoke in a giddy tone, "BITCH! If them hands touch the floor again I'm
going to cut them off!" Then he let go of the crushed mound of titty flesh.

   Tricia kept her cuffed hands around her right mammary gland trying to sooth
some of the hurt in it as she swung back and forth like a pendulum. She watched
Roy walked over to a pegboard that held a wide assortment of torture implements.

   Roy flexed the bamboo cane he had selected to begin torturing his first
Fucktoy. It was thin, green and springy. It made a wonderful SWHOOSHing sound as
it sailed through the air as he tested it.

   "NOOOOOOOO!!!!" Tricia wailed when she saw her rapist turned torturer test
the snappy bamboo cane.

   "BITCH you're going to love this game. It's called put the strips on the
zebra."

   SWHOOSH! CRACK!

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEAAAAKKKKEEEE!!!!" Tricia howled in pure agony.

   Tricia's bucked and twisted wildly as if she was a marlin caught on the end
of a fishing line. Her cuffed hands rushed together from her right breast to the
left one. At first Tricia had thought that the bamboo cane had sliced her left
nipple off the pain was so great. But after she had cupped the throbbing nipple
that the bamboo cane had just roared across she was relived to still find it
there.

   When she tried to flex her bloated digits around the caned nipple the searing
lighting bolts of pain returned to lanced up her arms. But still though be it
only mentally stroking her just caned nipple with them help soothed the burning
roaring through that redden titty button.

   Roy's demonic laughter blended in with Tricia's animalistic howling which
reverberated around the cavernous basement turned torture chamber. Cutting the
air with the bamboo cane he waited for the wild thrashing of his little Fucktoy
to die out. When she was once again hanging limply by her ankles Roy took aim at
his next target.

   SWHOOSH! CRACK!

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEAAAAKKKKEEEE!!!!"

   The throbbing pain in her left nipple was completely forgotten as Tricia's
cuffed hands zipped to her clitoris that had just caught fire. With renewed
vigor Tricia danced from the end of the lines holding her suspended upside down.

   When once again Tricia's spasmodic movements ended the bamboo cane soared
through the air on its way to a new target.

   SWHOOSH! CRACK!

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEAAAAKKKKEEEE!!!!"

   A fiery red line sprouted up directly through the center of the nipple
sticking out of her right boob.

   "OHHHHDEARGOD!!! NOOO MORE! PLEASE NO MORE!" Tricia blubbered like a baby as
she snapped her hand to the right titty button.

   But there was more, much, much more. Tricia screamed and howled like a bangee
and thrashed about wildly about as the bamboo etched fiery red line, after line
across her body. Her cuffed hands zipped around to each new agonizing spot on
her body trying to comfort it.

   With each passing minute Tricia's wailing voice became, hoarser and hoarser.
Her twisting and bucking became, limper and limper. Her cuffed bloated stiff
hands moved slower and slower to each newly caned spot. After ninety minutes of
brutal caning her only movement, was her swaying body that was the result of the
bamboo cane impacting her body as it etched yet another fiery red line into her
battered flesh.

   By the end of the second hour of continuous caning Roy was dog-tired. He was
sweating profusely. Both of his arms were acing from wheeling the bamboo cane. 
So he stopped lashing his Fucktoy with the bamboo cane and returned it to the
pegboard.

   Tricia hung limply by her ankles barely conscious. Only the uncontrollable
twitching of her muscles and her slow shallow breathing was the only indication
that Tricia was still alive.

   The bamboo cane marks did make Tricia look like a zebra. Though as apposed to
the orderly broad black bands that striped a zebra Tricia's were thin angry
looking lines that crisscrossed her young body every which way which colors
range from bright red to a dark purple. A great many of the caned lines were
welted and bleeding.

   As Roy looked over his Fucktoy's stripped body he licked his lips and stroked
Dong Kong that was jetting out of his groin like some pulsating pole sticking
out of a black forest. Roy adjusted Tricia head height until her gapping mouth
was lined up with Dong Kong. Then he slipped Dong Kong into the moist cavity.

   When Tricia felt the massive prick slide into her mouth she instantly sealed
her lips around the thick stock of pulsating meat that completely filled her
mouth. Once she had lock her lips around the prick began to suck on it.

   Roy was too tired to put forth any effort so when the massive mushroom crown
of Dong Kong butted against the narrow passageway of the tight little throat. So
he was content to just stand with his massive prick lodge a third of the way in
the tight little mouth letting his Fucktoy suck away. Even when he decided that
the mouth action lacked any gusto he was too tired to do anything about it. But
he filed it away for future disciplinary action.

   It didn't take very long. Less then five minutes before gooey jism spurted
out of Dong Kong's single eye. With a wet sucking pop Roy pulled Dong Kong out
of the moist cave it was in and allowed Dong Kong to spray the rest of the
jetting spunk over his Fucktoy's face.

   Once spent Dong Kong drooped down for a well deserved, rest. Roy lifted
Tricia higher until her legs were doing a perfect right angle spilt and her eyes
were even with his.

   "Nighty, night BITCH. Don't let the bed bugs bite." Roy giggled then followed
Dong Kong's lead and went to bed for some shut eye.

   With envy Tricia watched Roy coil into a downy soft king size bed. Within
moments loud heavy snoring filled the chamber of torture. Tricia's beaten body
was ratting much too much pain to allow her to sleep.

   Tricia entire torso front and back, from the two buttons poking out of her
breasts to just above her knees was in immense agonizing pain from the horrible
bamboo caning she had just endured. Several of the savage blows had permanently
scored her body. Every time one of her muscles twitch uncontrollably under her
caned flesh sent a new wave of anguishing pain to ripple through her.

   The immense agonizing pain from the horrible bamboo caning increased
dramatically as salty beads of sweat formed rivulets that cascaded down her
inverted torso coursing through the multitude of welts and blistering marks left
behind by the bamboo cane. Causing her muscles to rattle through her body with
even greater vigor.

   The acidic pain inside her body was just as intense as those on the outside.
Her battered and stretched pussy/womb still felt as if she had just finish given
birth. Her stretched shitter was pulsating with renting pain as if it was
searching for something to fill its now cavernous area backup. And her stretched
raw throat radiated caustic pain every time she swallowed.

   All three of her horribly stretched holes were also burning from the salty
residue of the seven loads of spunk deposited in them by her rapist/torturer.
Not only did the spunk cause a burning sensation but it also was creating a
madding itch in the three, raped holes that Tricia could not quash. Even the
spunk that was sprayed across her face was causing it to itch.

   Hung as she was her stretching fingers tips at the end of her draping arms
could only barely brush the floor. So she had to allow all of her weight to be
suspended from her right-angled ankles. She was sure that her hip joints had
become dislocated from the tension exerted on them.

   She couldn't feel anything in her hands any more. They were a dark, dark blue
boarding on black. Try as she might she couldn't make a single one of her digits
to even twitch a little bit. However the lighting bolts of pain still serge
through her dangling arms every time she tried to move her hands.

   Because of her unnatural inverted position her head was spinning and
throbbing as blood pooled in to her skull. Her eyes felt as if they were going
to pop out of her head each time her thudding heart increasing the pressure in
her head.

   Tricia had hope that she would have passed out somewhere along the way but it
didn't happen. She came close a couple of time but she was denied the blissful
world of unconscious. And now her numerous soul-shattering pains denied her any
chance of sleep. So it was with truly envious eyes she watched her
rapist/tormenter snore away in restful slumber while she hung in inverted agony.

   "Oh, dear God I knew it was a mortal sin to steel. I shouldn't have done it.
But haven't I've paid enough penance for my transgression? Won't you please have
mercy on my soul? Please God let me go home. I promise never, ever do any thing
bad again. Please God. Please!" Tricia prayed.

   There would be no salvation for Tricia. Her God paid her no mind. He left her
as she was. Suffering with all of hellish pains that were racking her twenty-one
year old body for breaking one of his commandments. 'Thou shall not STEAL!"

   When Roy woke some six hours later he felt well rested though his arms and
shoulders still twinge a little from the exhausting romp with the bamboo cane on
his Fucktoy. But it was well worth it. He glanced down over his muscular chest
and washboard stomach. Dong Kong was still snoozing. That was ok too. After all
he put in a month of work in just one day. He'll just have to come up with some
thing else to do with his Fucktoy.

   Sitting up on the side of the bed he looked over at his Fucktoy. It was just
where he left it. Suspended up side down with its legs at right angle to its
torso. A broad smile of satisfaction spread across his face as he got out of
bed. He wandered over to shower stall and took a long relaxing steamy hot
shower. For several minutes he let the steamy water pulsate across his broad
acing shoulders soothing them. After Roy finished showering he felt totally
refreshed. Not bothering to dry himself off and still nude he went over to the
kitchen area and fixed a hearty breakfast.

   Tricia groaned in pure misery as the wondrous aromas from the kitchen area
filled the basement. Despite the two loads of spunk that was discharged in her
oral cavity Tricia was severely dehydrated which completely threw out her
electrolyte balance. And anything close to a meal was a couple of pieces of
cornbread she had eaten on the bus on her way here. Before then it was Wednesday
when she ate water down vegetable stew so her blood sugars were extremely low
also. So she longed to have even a teeny morsel of the cooking food she smelled.
After all trying to get money for food was the reason for her present hellish
predicament.

   With a hot steaming cup of coffee in hand Roy wandered over to his Fucktoy.
As he looked at the glassy eyed wretched creature with its brilliant red stripes
he wonder if his Fucktoy got any sleep. He didn't care his Fucktoy was there for
his sole comfort not its.

   After taking a few sips of coffee Roy chirped giddily, "Its 10:00am Saturday
morning BITCH! Time to get started on our first full day of fun and games."

   Roy burst out laughing as his Fucktoy cottony dry puckered mouth that was
coated with a crusty layer of dry jism started to move. Though its mouth was
moving in a clear attempt to form words the only sound that came out was a
series of raspy croaking sounds that were completely unintelligible. "Please no
more." The mouth seemed to be mouthing over and over.

   "Oh but there is more BITCH, its only Saturday. We got the entire day to have
more fun. Not to mention all of Sunday and most of Monday before I put that
scrawny ass of yours back on the bus and ship you home."

   Tricia trembled with fear and groaned despondingly, "Dear God I can't
possibly survive almost three more days of this. I simply can't."

   Tricia was right she didn't survive. Though she did went through two full
days of the most hideous tortures that Roy could device. But early Monday
morning Roy had Tricia's head stuffed in a toilet. The toilet seat was down
trapping her neck between the bottom of the seat and the porcelain rim of the
toilet. Roy was sitting atop of the toilet seat. Though he didn't have his full
weight on it. He was more crouching then sitting. He was exerting just enough
downward pressure on the seat to keep Tricia head firmly held in place within
the toilet bowl. Roy would then piss and crap. He called it 'The Bobbing for
Turds' game.

   Tricia's part of the game was to bob for the turds that rolled down her head
to splash into the toilet water while having her ass whipped with a hard wooden
paddle. When she had finished gulping down the turds she would then suck down
all of the pissy water before being set free from the toilet to lick Roy's ass
clean of shitty residue.

   The Monday morning game was the fifth time this particular game was played.
But something went wrong. The floor was wet from Roy's morning shower and his
foot slipped. Tricia's windpipe was crushed as Roy's full weight came crashing
down on top of the toilet set.

   Thinking waste not want not Roy pulled Tricia' head out of the toilet,
slammed her to the floor and rammed his 13" prick to the hilt into her
cunt-hole. Dong Kong then had the wildest ride ever as the twat he was in with
through death throw spastic fits.

   Tricia who was just trying to get some food for her hungry kids looked up at
the sadistic man who was raping her as she choked to death. It was her last
earthly experience.

   Having experiencing the most intense fuck he ever had Roy remain lying atop
of the dead twenty-one-year-old panting heavily. His spent prick still buried
within the lifeless twat "Goddamn Bitch that was the best fuck ever. Too bad you
can give a performance like that only once." After resting for a few minutes Roy
withdrew his deflated prick as he got up. "Ya Bitch, too bad you can do that
only once. But that doesn't mean that I can't."

   Roy practically mummified his body with saran wrap and don a set of rubber
gloves. Then being very careful he spent the rest of the morning cleaning the
dead women.

   He used a high-pressure steam wash wand like the type use to power wash
buildings with. Using a mixture of ammonia, bleach, degreaser, and drain cleaner
along with other caustic chemicals.  He used the wand to blast away his spunk
that crusted her and any other thing that could be genetically traced back to
him. Paying particular attention to her twat/womb, shitter/guts and
mouth/stomach.

   Roy put the dead woman in a heavy-duty chemical resent bag and stuffed her
into another 35-gallon drum that was paint jet black. Then he poured three bags
of quicklime atop of her and added some water to start the chemical action.
After welding the drum top in place he loaded it in a van he had stolen.
Throughout the night Roy drove to the little town that Tricia's rich stepfather
lived in.

   Early Tuesday in the pre dawn morning he found the stepfather's house. He
stealthily buried the packet of clothes and other personal stuff belonging to
Tricia, which he had sanitize into a field that had just been plowed over. In
the barn he stuffed the empty quicklime sacks under some farm equipment at the
back of the barn. After a quick looking around the barn he took an old pair of
coveralls, a pair of rubber work boots and a pocket watch he found hanging on
the roll cage bar of the farm tractor. He also took a couple of vials of
prolactin hormones and syringes that were used to keep the two farm cows with
milk, that he found in a cabinet.

   After leaving Tricia's stepfather's farm he located the park that was in one
of the photos he found in Tricia's wallet. It was just outside the little town
some fifteen miles from Tricia's stepfather's farm. He swapped out his shoes for
the work boots from the barn. Then Roy dragged the drum with Tricia in it to the
wishing well that Tricia had been sitting on in the photo with her infant son in
her arms.

   The drum left deep furrows in the grass then scratches in the walkway leading
to the well. Some ten feet from the well in a set of rose bushed that line the
walkway Roy dropped the pocket watch. Next he tossed the old pair of coveralls
that he had taken from the barn into the wishing well followed by the drum. As
Roy drove out of the park he tossed the work boots towards a pond. One splashed
into the pond the other falling two feet short of the pond.

   Roy then returned home. The last thing he did before leaving the stolen van
in a high crime area was to rip out the dashboard to get at the speedometer,
which housed the mileage indicator. Roy made it back to his hideaway for a quick
shower then reported to the real Mall Security Office for his next duty shift
with fifteen minutes to spare.

   Over the next few months Roy followed the news closely. Four days after Roy
dropped Tricia in to the wishing well she was discovered by a group of high
school kids who had climbed in to the well to pilfer the money.

   It didn't take long for the local Sheriff Department to find the clues that
Roy had planted and arrests Tricia's stepfather.

   The frame-up worked out better then Roy had thought. For unbeknownst to Roy
the news people dug up an old court record of spousal abuse to his first wife.
That really put the man on the wicket. The press had a felid day when the
details of how badly beaten and scared Tricia's body was and how it was
partially dissolved leaked out of the Coroner's Office. The press crucified him.

   Despite his protest of his Innocents Tricia's stepfather was convicted in the
court of public option, which was followed quickly by a judicial one. Tricia's
stepfather received the death sentence for a crime he didn't commit.

   After the trial Roy started cautiously looking around for his next Fucktoy.
Ironically it was on April 1st when he spotted a sixteen-year-old that was a
likely victim. He had just finished the graveyard-roaming shift and was about to
leave the real Security Office when the supervisor called out to him.

   "Roy! John Tisdale would like you to stop by the music store."

   "OK, thanks." Roy responded.

   Roy knew was John wanted. He had been pestering Roy to join the Mall's flag
football team. He was going to blow it off but for some reason he couldn't
explain he decided to go ahead and talk to John. As the two men talked a teen
walked in to the music store.

    She was a lovely red head and despite wearing a baggy football jersey that
she was wearing the men could tell she was busty. She was a tall one about 6'2"
with very shapely legs that seemed to go on forever. Those wondrous sculpted
legs were clad in a pair of electric-blue spandex leggings that molded to the
legs like a second skin.

   "I bet if that little honey was on the team you would join in a heart beat."
Stated John lustfully.

   "Yea I sure would. I would love to lock on to them knockers and drag her to
the ground and plant my flag pole." Roy giggled.

   "Me to, but it would never happen. Hell these days if you sneeze funny
towards a bitch all hell brakes loose. They either, sue you for sexual
harassment of scream rape. Know what I mean?" John sighed.

   "Boy, do I!" Roy exclaimed as he thought back to Brittany.

   Both men let out deep remorseful sighs as they continue looking lustfully at
the teen that had entered the store.

   "What the fuck? Will you look at that?" I'm not open for even ten minutes and
someone sealing." John growled as both men watched the teen stuff a expensive
music Compact Disk Player and a dozen music CD's under the baggy football
jersey.

   "Ya, I see her. Dumb little slut." Responded Roy.

   "I'll call Ed and have him send up someone to pick the bitch up."

   Don't bother John I'll take care of her."

   "You sure? You've just finish an eight hour roaming shift and I know that
cheap security firm you work for doesn't pay any over time."

   "No problem John. Be glad to do it. If I can't plant my flag in her I can
some enjoyment out of her."

   "What do you mean?"

   "Well look at her. It's easy to tell she has never stolen before."

   Ya, so?"

   Well we both know that the judge will just give her a slap on the wrist this
being her first time. But she doesn't know that. Just think of the fun I can
have by explaining in graphic detail what the dikes in juvenile hall do to first
timers."

   "Boy I would love to here that. Here take this." John handed Roy a micro
recorder.

   Even before she left the music store Roy arrested her. As soon as the cuff
were tightly snapped on Roy started the micro recorder and started a very
pornographic story of what would happen to the teen in juvenile hall.

   John licked his lips and rubbed his bulging crotch through his pants as he
overheard a segment of what Roy was telling the trebling little thief. He
couldn't wait to get the micro recorder back from Roy and listen to the entire
tape.

   After he finished scaring the 16-year-old nearly to death he turned off the
micro recorder and took her down to the fake Security Office. Once there, Roy
interrogated her. He found that she fitted his requirements perfectly. Not only
was the sixteen-year-old going to be his newest Fucktoy but also she had a
special bonus to boot.

   Roy didn't have time to introduce Dong Kong to the totally cherry frighten
teen but he did have time for a quick 'Put The Strips On The Zebra' game though
it was only the front side. Then he secured the sobbing 16-year-old into the
'Detention Cell'. Being seven inches taller the Tricia it took a lot more
squishing before Roy finally had the hollowing teen sealed into the 35-gallon
drum.

   Before Roy stuffed the 16-year-old into the drum as a special bonus he muted
the sobbing girl by stuffing her bra and panties in her mouth and secured them
there by wrapping duct tape around her mouth and head. After all he didn't want
her squawking when he pulled her out of the drum and spoil the special surprise
now did he.

   Roy returned to the music store with the micro recorder "Here you go John."
Stated Roy as he slid the micro recorder across the counter. I forgot the CD
player and CD's in the Security Office. Is it alright if I bring them back when
I come back on duty?" 

   Sure no problem. Thanks for this." Responded John as he shook the micro
cassette. Think the little slut will rise a stink?"

   Na, about halfway to the Security office I took the cuffs off her. She
thought it was do to her complaining that they were to tight. You'll here her
complaining about them on the tape. Then, as we approached the Office I stop at
the water fountain by the east exit and pretended to drink from it. Like a
gazelle she took off running and bolted through the exit. I tell ya I never see
someone run so fast. Wish I had a video of that. Oh well; anyway I doubt if she
will stir up any kind of trouble." Let me know how you like the tape, OK."

   "Will do."

   After leaving the music store Roy went to a pay phone to make a call then
took the elevator to the fifth level sub garage. 




     CHAPTER FIVE:

   The middle age woman was walking pass several huge pillars somewhere deep in
the bowels of the Mall listening to the young man walking next to her. He was a
handsome young man not much older then her daughter, a year; maybe two. His
muscular chest and washboard abdomen were clearly outline in the tank top shirt
that he was wearing. His biceps bulged with well-defined muscles.

   When she had first see this young man standing by the elevators in the Mall's
sublevel parking garage she didn't think he was the man that she was to meet
there. After all he was so young. The middle age woman was expecting to meet a
much older man not a young teenager. But when he introduce himself as Officer
Roy Davis of the Mall Security Office and showed her his badge and Mall ID She
knew that this kid was the individual that she had talk to on the phone.

   She expected to go up in the elevator to the Mall, so she was surprised when
elevator descended further down then the garage 5th sublevel when the Young
Security Officer inserted a key into the elevator control panel and turned it.

   As they rode down in the elevator she secretly glanced down at his crotch at
the bulge in his trousers and wonder how he was hung. She blushed at the
thought. Her hue deepened and got a bit woozy when the handsome young teen
glanced over at her. Shamefully she cast her eyes downward as the elevator
continued to descend.

   "This boy was at less half my age how could I have such carnal thoughts.
Especially having just left my husband for having the same type of carnal
thoughts. But husband's were much more perverse. For the teenage body he was
lusting after was our own daughter." The middle age woman thought to herself as
the incident with her husband flashed through her mind.

   One morning while cooking breakfast she heard her daughter scream at the top
of her lungs. In a sheer panic she streaked up the stairs from the kitchen to
the main bathroom where her daughter's screams had come from.

   The middle age woman's daughter was in the tub with her back crunched back
into the corner screaming. She had the opaque shower curtain clutched in her
hands holding it tightly against her soapy lathered chest. At the other end of
the tub was the reason she was screaming. Her father!

   He was standing in the tub completely nude His six-inch cock poking out of
his groin as stiff as a board, as the shower water pelted off of him. He was
franticly trying to calm her daughter down.

   "ALBERT! WHAT THE FUCK?"

   Albert scrambled out of the tub on hearing his wife bellowing. "It was only a
joke I wasn't going to do anything. It was only a joke."

   "GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!!"

   Dripping water, as did Albert scurried out of the bathroom. Mother helped
daughter out of the tub and wrapped a towel around her sobbing daughter and
helped her to her room. Once in her room she helped her daughter get dress. Then
as her daughter sat on the bed crying she hastily dumped several of her
daughter's clothes on the middle of the bed.

   "Can you stand honey?" She cooed softly.

   Her daughter responded with a slight nod as she rose up off the bed upon
trembling legs. The middle age woman quickly gathered the corners of the bed
spread and made a bungle out of it. She carried the bungle of clothes and guided
her daughter to her own bedroom and bundle up some of my own clothes in the
bedspread from her bed.

   On the way out of the house Albert stuck his wet head out of the den. "It was
only a joke."

   "You'll be hearing form my lawyer you pervert!" the middle age woman scream
over her shoulder. Then she drove clear across the city and got a hotel room
near the Mall. That was a week ago.

   This was the first time in that week that her daughter had venture out of the
hotel room. It was just a few hours after she left that she got a call from Roy
Davis about her daughter being held for shoplifting. After talking to Roy for a
few minutes she rushed over to the Mall to meet him.

   The middle age woman was jolted back to the present when the elevator doors
opened up to a pillar filled chamber. 

    "They sure put you boys way out of the way don't they?" The startled middle
age woman asked the young Security Guard next to her.

   "That they do, Mrs. Its not the main office mind you. That's up in the first
surface tear of the Mall. The office we're going to is the dentition area for
suspects to be picked up by the police. We find it better for both the Mall's
image and the suspected shoplifters waiting for transportation if we don't have
people handcuff up in the main office where the regular patrons can see the
prisoner." Roy stated calmly.

   "About the police?  On the phone you said we could avoid involving them."
Asked the middle age woman as they walked through the chamber

   "That's true Mrs. as long as what your daughter told me about this being her
first offence of this nature." Roy answered.

    Oh, I'm sure it is Officer. Yes I'm sure it is. I don't know why she was
shoplifting today but I'm sure she has never done anything like this before. I
hope we can clear this matter up without getting the police involved." she
stated out loud then thought silently "The episode with her father has really
upset her. I'm going to have to get her some consoling to help her...to help the
both of us through this."

   "I hope so to Mrs.. But I must warn you the shop owner just might want to
press charges against your daughter anyway. If he does its out of my hands and
she will be taken by the police to Juvenile Hall and be put in to the system."

   "Is there anything thing you can say to the shop owner? I'll gladly pay him
for the items that my daughter took from his shop. And I can insure him that I
will get consoling for her so something like this doesn't happen again."

   "We'll see Mrs.."

   When the two came to a stop Roy open a gray door marked Security Office and
gestured for the middle age woman to enter. It was a small room with only a
large desk and a single chair behind the desk, which Roy sat in after closing
the door.

   With no other chair in the room the middle age woman stood in front of the
desk. "Where's my daughter? I don't see her."

   "She's in there." Stated Roy as he hooked his thumb towards an open doorway
marked 'Detention Area' that was behind and just to the left of the desk.

   "Can I see her?"

   In a little while, let me make a phone call first to see what the shop owner
wants to do."

   Anxiously she watched Roy pick up the phone receiver and punched out a phone
number.

   "John it me Roy. I'm down in the holding office with the kid's mother... Yea,
that one, I need to know what you have decided what to do with her? ... Just a
sec I'll ask her."

   Roy let the phone dropped away from his mouth a little as he spoke to the
middle aged woman.

    "Mrs., John that John Tisdale the owner of the music store that your
daughter stole from; he wants to know in lieu of pressing charges if you would
not only pay for the items taken from his store but also agree to let your
daughter do some community service around the mall. It entails things like
removing gum, cleaning graffiti, picking up trash and a few other things around
the Mall. Would you agree to do that?"

     "Oh yes! Yes, yes I agree. Oh yes, thank you."

   "John she... Oh you heard... Ok then see you later."

   After hanging up the non connected phone the middle age woman asked Roy
excitedly, "Can I see her now? Can I see my daughter?"

   "Sure thing Mrs. Hughes. Give me a sec and I'll be right back with her." Roy
stated as he got up from behind the desk.

   Fidgeting nervously Mrs. Hughes waited as Roy walked through the open doorway
leading to the 'Detention Area'. His 'just a sec' lasted almost ten minutes. She
was about to call out when Roy holding her daughter's upper arm appeared.

   She looked ash white and was trembling. Though her head was hanging down in
apparent shame Mrs. Hughes could see that her eyes were sunken and swollen Tears
were streaming down her face to be soaked up by the football jersey she wore. It
was the same bulky football jersey that she had left the hotel room in this
morning. The jersey hung on her like a large sack the bottom end of it stopping
at her bare mid thigh. Curiously she wondered what happen to the electric-blue
spandex tights that her daughter also had on when she left the hotel room. Her
daughter's hands were cuffed together in front and her fingers were fiddling
with the hem of the jersey.

   Roy who seemed to be supporting her by his grip on her upper arm was
escorting her daughter to the front of the desk. She moved in short stumbling
steps as if any second now her legs would give out. As mother watched daughter
approach her nerviness evaporated to be filled with loving motherly concern.

   The daughter almost collapsed to the floor when Roy released his grip on her
arm some four feet away.  "Wendy are you alright?"

   "Oh, mommy I've been a very bad little girl." Wendy's mewed past her soft
gasping sobs. Wendy spoke so softly that if her mother hadn't see her trembling
lips move she would not have heard her.

   "Oh darling is going to be alright. I worked out a deal so that the police
won't arrest you. It's going to be all right. We'll be out of here shortly."

   "Oh God mommy, I'm so sorry for getting you into this. Its all my fault I'm
so very, very sorry...Please mommy, help me. He...he's done ter..."

   Mrs. Hughes thought that her daughter was apologizing for her stealing, but
the last part of her statement was a bit confusing. Especially when she fell
silent in mid sentence when Roy cleared his throat.

   "What did my daughter take from the store? I got some money on me if is not
enough I can give you a credit card to pay for it."

   "Show your mommy what you stole."

   Wendy started showing her mother what she had stolen by spreading her legs
wide. Then grasping the bottom of the football jersey and begin lifting it.

   Mrs. Hughes was thunder struck by what she saw. Shock beyond the ability to
speak or move. All she could do was to watch her daughter with ever widening
eyes.

   When the jersey was drawn up high enough to clear her pubic mound Mrs. Hughes
saw that not only did Wendy didn't have the electric-blue spandex tights on but
she didn't have any panties on either. Her entire pubic area was a mass of
crisscross crimson red lines, which several were sitting atop of nasty looking
welts, but the most shocking thing was what was dangling between her wide spread
legs. It was a portable music Compact Disk player. It was dangling from a thin
wire that had an alligator clip on the end of it. And that alligator clip was
snapped onto Wendy's little clitoris. Tiny beads of blood, was popping up around
the alligator clip where its sharp pointy steel teeth were biting into her
daughter's clitoris. With horror Mrs. Hughes watched her daughter began to rock
her hips back and forth causing the dangling CD player to swing and with it her
clitoris.

    "Being the greedy selfish bitch that I am. I stole this CD player from the
music store." Wendy gasped meekly, through her sobbing.

   The mother continued to watch her daughter in shocked horror as she continued
to raise the jersey up her body.  The more Wendy lifted the jersey more of the
angry crimson red lines were reviled upon her young body.

   When her, well formed and full breasts were exposed Wendy' mother saw that
there were two more alligator clips were snapped onto Wendy's nipples. The two
line attached to the two nipple alligator clips were tugging Wendy's breasts
upwards slightly as the lines disappeared over her shoulders.

   When Wendy finally pulled the football jersey completely off and let it drop
to the floor she began to jiggle her breasts back and forth. The two lines
draped over her shoulders walked down her shoulders until they rolled off of
them. Wendy's breasts were jerked downwards by the six music CD's that were
attached to each nipple alligator clip.

   "I am such a bad little spoiled brat that I also stole these music Compact
Disks. Sobbed Wendy.

   The clattering CD's jerked and yanked Wendy's breasts about as she continued
to jiggle her breasts. Slowly she began to turn around unlike her front Wendy's
backside was completely free of the crimson red lines that marred her flesh on
the front side. She bent over at the waist and sucked her unblemished rump
towards her mother.

   "Mommy I have been such a bad little thieving bitch that I need to be
punished. Would you please ask that kind Security Officer next to you to beat my
creamy white ass until it matches my nasty twat and my pitiful scrawny boobies?"

   Linda was still in shock unable to move or speak as she stared at her
daughter with eyes bugging out as Wendy's breasts and clit were jerked and
yanked about by the twelve swinging CD's and the CD player.

   SMACK!

   Linda did a half spin and crashed atop of the desk from the powerful slap
across the left side of her face.

   "BITCH! That twat over there told you to do something. Not to stand there and
gawk at it!" growled Roy.

   The slap broke Linda out if her stupor. She quickly struck out with her left
foot trying to kick the rugged young man in his balls to disable him. It didn't
work. Though her foot was on target the set of balls that her foot was aiming
for was well outside of its range. So the stretched out toe of Linda's high heel
only found empty air.

   Suddenly a powerful hand grasped Linda's outstretched ankle and was yanked
upwards. Another hand reached under her dress and ripped her panties off. By
her, trapped ankle she was jerked up off the desk.

   Linda was dazed as her face slammed in to the floor. With blood rushing out
of her nose Roy grabbed her other ankle and flipped Linda over like a pancake.
Once on her back Roy yanked the dazed middle age woman legs wide apart.

   "Try to kick me in the balls will you!" Roy growled as he swung his booted
foot back.

   THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD!

   Linda didn't fair as well. Over and over Roy slammed his foot in to her
groin. She bucked wildly and howled in sheer agony. She tried her best to yank
her trapped ankles free of Roy's grip. But she lacked the strength to do so. And
what little strength had had was quickly ebbing as Roy's boot continued to slam
into her. As Linda's howling voice began to crack from the constant screaming
she heard her daughter's own screams. They weren't screams of agonizing pain but
pleading screams.

   "Ohhhh, please My Lord and Master stop your killing her. You've got to stop.
I beg you. Please stop."

   "Shut the fuck up BITCH. Or your nasty twat will be next. This fucked up SLUT
needs to learn not to never ever try to harm me again. Take one of those CD's
them pitiful boobies are holding and play it. I need some foot stomping music."
Growled Roy as his boot continued to pulverize Linda's pussy.

   As the loud Punk Rock music filled the air a red fogy haze descended over the
middle age woman.




     CHAPTER SIX:

    After loosing consciousness Roy had stopped kicking Linda. From the desk
drawer he took out what looked like a large universal lug nut wrench. Instead of
the lug sockets a 2" metal cuff was welded to each of the four points. Roy
secured each Wendy's wrist and ankle into one of the cuffs forcing them into a
very unnatural wide position. This left the 16-year-old jacked knife with her
face nearly kissing the floor and her as of yet unblemish creamy white ass
sticking up higher then anything else on her youthful body.

   The position stopped the jerking and yanking of her breasts. For the music
CDs that were clip to her nipples were resting on the floor. But her sensitive
little nipples were still in agony from the alligator clips steel pointy teeth
biting into them.

   However, Wendy's little clitoris didn't even get that much of a brake. For
the CD player, which was much heaver then all of the 12 music CDs put together,
was still stretching her clitoris that it was bitten by is own alligator clip.

    To make maters worse for the desponded teen Roy was having her waddle up and
down the room in that jack knife position, which caused the CD player to swing
wildly about yank and jerking her trapped stretched clitoris as a result.

   Though at the moment Roy wasn't in the room with mother and daughter he had
gone into the torture chamber, Wendy was too frighten to stop her waddling up
and down the room. The music of her favorite rock band filled the room from the
CD player swing between her widely spread legs by her clitoris. It was the same
CD she has started so that Roy would have some 'foot stomping music' as he
kicked her mother's pussy.

   Though she was told not to Wendy shot a quick look at her unconscious mother
as she passed her. "Oh God mommy, I should have sucked daddy's thing like he
wanted me to. We wouldn't be in this awful place if I had. I'm so, so very sorry
mommy. Please forgive me." Linda didn't hear her daughter's sobbing plea for
forgiveness but Roy did.

   "BITCH! Get your ass over here and present it to me!"

   Wendy snapped her head from her mother to Roy who was standing in the torture
chamber doorway. As fast as she could manage Wendy waddled over to Roy and
presented her rear to him.

   "BITCH! What were you told!"

   "I was to march up and down the room until I was given permission to stop. I
was not to look at that maggot worm on the floor in front of the desk and I was
not to speak to the maggot worm." Wendy mewed.

   "Well let see BITCH, first: You were looking at that maggot worm. Second: You
were talking to it. And lastly I don't recall giving you permission to stop
marching. So BITCH you couldn't even follow one of the rules given to you. So
BITCH no more music for you.

   "AAAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEE!!!! OOOOHHHHGGOOODDDD!" Wendy howled and collapsed to
the floor as Roy jerked the CD player until the alligator clip biting into her
clitoris was yanked off.

   Roy went over to the desk and dropped the CD player and the items he had
brought back from the torture chamber onto the desk. With a wide grin plastered
across his face he watched Wendy howled and trashed around on the floor. He
found Wendy's thrashings highly amusing. She struggled in vain to reach her
bleeding clitoris but the way she was bound made it imposable.

   Roy's attention was drawn away from the writhing 16-year-old by gurgling
moans that were filled with pure anguish. Linda was starting to climb out of the
dark pit of unconscious. As she did her hands drifted to the intense agonizing
throbbing between her legs. "EEEEKKKKEEEAAARRRGGGEEEE!!!!" Linda howled as soon
as her fingers lightly brushed her pulverized pussy. She snatched her hands away
from her pussy as her intense pain tripled by the light touch. She snapped her
legs apart in order to prevent even the slightest pressure from being place on
her pulverized pussy.

   Roy burst out laughing at the middle age woman antics. He picked the howling
mother up by the hair and slammed her atop of the desk upon her stomach. The
slamming drove the wind out of Linda cutting off her ability to howl. As she
laid gasping atop of the desk Roy bent her left leg back till the heel touched
her rump.

   "This should take care of you getting any more ideas about kicking me."
Snapped Roy as he picked up the package-banding tool he had sat on the desk.

   The banding tool was used to secure boxes and other stuff together or on to
pallets for shipping. Roy wrapped one of the plastic bands around Linda's left
ankle and left upper thigh near her crotch. Then using the banding tool he
tighten the plastic band until it sunk deep into Linda's skin. With in moments
Linda's right leg was similarly banded.

   Once her legs were painfully banded in their folded position Roy flipped her
over onto her back and spun her around till her head was hanging off the front
edge of the desk.

   "And just incase that pea brain gets any ideas these get the same treatment."
Giggled Roy as he grabbed Linda's left wrist.

   Though Linda valiantly tried to resist she simply did not have the strength
to prevent Roy from tightly banding her lower arms to her upper arms. Linda's
arms and legs had been effectively reduced to half of their normal length.
Already the tight plastic bands were causing her limbs to change color from the
reduce blood flow. And to make maters worse her limbs were starting to cramp
from their unnatural forced position.

   Dong Kong was screaming for attention, it was battering against is
confinement wanting out for some fun. Before, during and after the 'Put the
Strips on the Zebra' game Dong Kong wanted to pop the cherry of the 16-year-old,
but Roy had insistent that the mother had to be sucked into the web first. So
disgruntlely Dong Kong went along. But now that mom was thrashing about on the
desk like a turtle on its back Dong Kong would not wait any longer.

   Roy obliged his best friend. He laid down the banding tool and spun Linda
back around. No sooner then Roy shuck his pants that Dong Kong jumped into the
black and blue swollen twat to the hilt in one powerful quick thrust.

   Though still incredible tight Linda's fuck-hole was not as tight as Tricia's
so Roy had less trouble ramming his thirteen inch hunk of meat into the
screaming woman. However Linda's fuck-hole was a lot shorter so more of Dong
Kong got to climb inside of Linda's womb.

   Linda howled as the long thick cock roared through her dry snatch. Her
ripping pain filled howls turned to screeches of eternal damnation anguish as
the massive prick stabbed into her womb. She began to trash and buck in
agonizing anguish. And when the long thick shaft of throbbing meat bottomed out
Linda though she was going to go out of her mind from the sheer agony as Roy's
crotch slammed into her battered and bruised pussy slit. And to make maters
worse for the tormented mother Roy ground his wiry groin hair in small circles
against the pussy tissue he had so brutally kicked.

   Wendy shuddered to the core as she watched the young handsome man who was
just 13 months older then her rape her mother. If that monstrous massive thing
jutting out from between those powerful legs was causing her mother such
horrific pain what will happen to her when the monstrous cock ripped through her
virgin pussy.  With her mother's agonizing howls ringing in her ears Wendy
wiggled and squired across the cold cement floor until she bumped into a corner
hopping that Roy would not see her. "I'm so very sorry mommy." Wendy whimpered
from the corner as Roy continued to brutally rape her mother.

   Roy was leaning forwarded over Linda panting heavily. Dong Kong was still
buried to the hilt and hard as ever, even after spitting out its powerful stream
of hot sticky goo that was squirting out of Linda's stretched and stuffed twat.
"Nice, fucking first ride BITCH. Though Dong Kong is roaring to go at it
again..." Roy giggled as he ground his groin into Linda's. "...but I need to
catch my breath first then we'll go for another ride. Ok BITCH!"

   Linda was in too much pain to respond to the young man that was still
protruding into her womb to answer. But in her mind she screamed, "NO, NO,
OHDEARGOD NO NOT AGAIN. PLEASE GOD NOT AGAIN!"

   While he was catching his br�ath Roy started playing with her breasts. He
squeezed them, twisted them, and pushed them into her rib cage. He tweaked and
twisted her nipples rolled the hard buds between his crushing fingers. It gave
Roy immense joy but nothing but pain for her.

   Roy loved big boobs. Big firm boobs. Linda's boobies were big but as middle
age crept up on her Linda's breasts were no longer firm. Roy thought that they
look like two melting jello molds spreading across Linda's chest.

   It was one of the reasons that Roy didn't want any of his victims to be over
twenty-five. Taunt firm boobs turned to flabby sacks around that age. Especially
if the boobies had been stretched to provide milk for rug rats such as the set
of boobs Roy was now playing with. But Roy just couldn't resist the temptation
of a mother daughter set of Fucktoys. He was really look forwarded to popping
the 16-year-old's cherry right in front of mommy. But it still ticked him off at
the squishy flabbiness of Linda's boobies.

   Linda shuddered violently as Roy's powerful burly left hand furiously smacked
her breasts back and forth as if they were a twin set of ping-pong balls.

   "BUTCH! I should cut the flabby sacks off and feed them to you. " Growled
Roy.

   Linda turned ash white at Roy's suggestion. She had no doubt that this madman
would indeed cut off her breasts if the mood really struck him to do so.

   Roy wished that there were some way that the boobies he was smacking could
become firm again. But the only he know how to achieve that was to fill them
full of silicon. Roy hated fake boobies more then flabby ones.

   As Roy's eyes followed Linda's boobs lobbing around her chest as he battered
them around his eyes locked on the her left arm. What he saw had him halt
battering her boobs and a sadistic gleam shone in his eyes. What he saw was the
way Lund's flesh bulged around the plastic straps binging her upper and lower
arm together. A wide Cheshire cat grin spread across his face as he picked up
the banding tool and two more plastic straps.




     CHAPTER SEVEN:

  

   At first Linda was mystified when the brutal young man wrapped one of the
plastic bands around the base of her left breast. But as the plastic band became
tighter and tighter she thought that Roy was going to carry out his threat of
slicing off her breasts then feeding them to her.

   Linda squirmed and wiggled franticly in an attempt to get away. But between
the monstrous prick still punching into her womb and the grip Roy had on the
banding tool around her left breast Linda was trapped.  She had no choice but
endure the plastic band shrinking around the base of her left breast. As the
plastic band tightened around Linda's left breast it began to swell up like a
child's balloon. As it did, the pain radiating from the crushing force grew
exponentially. Growing from a dull throbbing to excruciating and finally mind
blowing. The pain was so great that it almost washed out the horrific piercing
pain in her womb.

   When Roy finally stopped tightening the plastic band Linda's left breast no
longer laid flabbily across her chest. Instead it sat atop a narrow perch of
flesh that was no wider then the width of her slender wrist. Her left breast had
become so firm that its hardness was like the bowling ball it resembled. Its
color had change from a pasty white to a deep dark purple. With in moments Roy
tightly banded Linda's right breast also.

   "Now that how a BITCH'S boobies should look. Nice and firm and sitting high."
Giggled Roy as he laid down the banding tool and started whacking her now super
taunt ballooned breasts back and forth. "Not only that but now them boobies have
great handholds for twat pounding"

   Roy tightly grasped the two narrowed shanks of flesh that now made up the
base of Linda's breasts. Using his grip on Linda's breasts as an anchoring
points Roy began pistoning his iron hard cock in and out of the tormented middle
age woman's fuck-hole like a steam locomotive gone wild.

   Hellish excruciating pain raided out from all of Linda's abused body parts to
exploded like a thermonuclear device inside her skull as she was raped for a
second time. Linda was sure that she was going to die right then and there. But
she didn't. She didn't even loose consciousness. She suffered through each and
every second of her torturous rape until once again her pussy/womb was flooded
with Roy's male seed before withdrawing his still ridged monstrous cock out of
her cum dripping pussy.

   Though her entire pussy tunnel, birth canal and womb were throbbing in
immense pain from the brutal rape Sue was glad That Roy had raped her instead of
her virgin daughter. As she felt the two huge loads of jism slosh around inside
of her womb on its way out of her she said a small prayer of thanks that her
daughter's torturous ordeal didn't include rape. Linda would gladly let the
sadistic teen rape her again and again with that monstrous prick of his if it
would spare her daughter from being rape by that inhuman monstrous prick.

   "Though those perky boobies of yours don't show the slightest bit of sagging
I like the way mommy's looks so you get a set of these also." Roy giggled
sadistically as he picked up two more plastic bands and the banding tool.

   Wendy howled in sheer terror and crunched herself further into the corner
trying to shrink away to nothingness as Roy approached her.

   Through the red fog that threatened to engulf her and plunge her back to
unconscious Linda heard her daughter howling.

   "OHDEARGOD NO! Please don't I beg you please don't do that to my daughter!
Please don't!" Linda gasped weakly that was rattling with anguish.

   "Shut the fuck up BITCH or I'll have another foot stomping twat dance."

   Roy had directed his warning at Linda but the single word 'bitch' had mother
and daughter instantly ceased all vocalization. Roy burst out laughing again.

   "Stand BITCH!"

   Linda gasped and bit into her lip to quill the urge to scream as she wiggled
and squirmed up onto her knees. At the same time Wendy who twisted and rolled
until she was on her knees. Then she struggled to push herself up to the
jackknife stance.

   "Sit BITCH! ? Rollover BITCH! ? On your back BITCH! ? Stand BITCH!"

   Just like a pair of trained show dogs both mother and daughter responded
together instantly after each command that Roy barked.

   "My, my there is two BITCH doggies." Roy stated with a shock tone as if he
had just suddenly notice that her had two captives under his control for the
first time. Roy walked over to the jackknife 16-year-old and squatted next to
her.

   Wendy let out a muffled yelp, as her head was jerked upwards by her hair. The
handsome teen that was holding her head up by her hair had an eerie ghost like
shimmer do to the tears welling up and out of her puffy eyes. Wendy shivered to
the core at the sadistic grin that was plastered across his face.

   "It could become a bit confusing with two BITCH doggies. How will they know
which one is to respond?" After a long pause as if he was in deep thought Roy
erupted excitedly. "I've got it! Names! That's it names. That way each BITCH
doggy will know is being address if it has its very own name."

   "What is that called?" Roy barked as he jerked Wendy's head around until she
was looking at her mother who was standing on widely spread trembling knees.
Knees that were spread so not to put any pressure on her battered pussy that was
very, very swollen and black and blue from Roy's brutal kicks.

   "Linda Hughes, her nam...EEEEEKKKKEEEE!!!"

   Wendy screeched as Roy crimped her caned left nipple between his jagged
fingernails and twisted it as he pulled down stretching her cane welted left
breast. She had to struggle to remain standing in her jackknife position as Roy
stretched her caned left breasts by her trapped nipple.

   "WRONG! Try again and get it right this time or I'll twist this nub till it
pops off."

   Wendy's mind raced back to when Roy had went to the torture chamber to get
the banding tool. "BITCH! You are to march up and down the room until I give you
permission to stop. You are not to look at or talk to that Worthless scum
sucking maggot worm on the floor in front of the desk." After recalling what Roy
had told her Wendy while fighting to keep her sobbing under control whined with
trembling lips, "Worthless scum sucking maggot worm. My mother is called
Worthless scum sucking maggot worm."

   "Then that's its name. From now on, use it whenever speaking to or about it.
Understand?" Roy snapped as he released his pinching hold on Wendy's left nipple
and released his grip on her hair.

   "Yes I understand." Gasped Wendy as her stretched left breast sprang back.
But she kept her head raised up so she could continue to look at her mother.

   "Get that MAGGOT?"

   "Yes." Linda mewed softly.

   "MAGGOT, say your complete name, so that we know who you are." Snickered Roy
as he wrapped a plastic band around Wendy's dangling left breast.

   "My name is Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm." Linda warbled shamefully as
she watch her daughter left breast balloon out.

   "Very good Maggot." Giggled Roy as he wrapped a plastic band around Wendy's
dangling right breast.  "As for this one it will now be called Cherry Twat in
honor of is pristine state of its fuck-hole. Say it MAGGOT!"

   "My daughter's name is Cherry Twat." Sobbed Linda.

   "Now as far as you two BITCHES are concern you will address or refer to me as
your Lord and Master. Say it!" Snapped Roy as he thumped Wendy's ballooned
breasts like a set of over ripe watermelons.

   "You are My Lord and Master." Mother and daughter stammered together.

   "Good now that we have names there will be no further confusion now will
there?"

   "No My Lord and Master there will not be any further confusion now that we
all have names My Lord and Master." Mother and daughter responded.

   "What are you doing, Maggot?" Snapped Roy as he stopped slapping Wendy's
tightly balled ballooned breasts about.

   "My Lord and Master do to the way you have my legs bound I'm standing the
best I can upon my knees." Responded Linda.

   Linda trembled to the core as the handsome but cruel young man stood up and
walked over to her. She let out a long sigh of relief when Roy laid down the
banding tool on the desk next to her, something that she regretted moments
later.

   "Wrong MAGGOT! That is your sitting pretty position." Roy growled then
slammed his fist into Linda's gut.

   What little air that Linda still had in her lungs rushed out as the sadistic
teen's fist sunk unto her soft belly. She folded over and dropped from her
upright kneeling position and down onto her elbows with a heavy thud.

   "On all fours that is the proper standing position for a doggy BITCH!"
Snapped Roy as he wrapped both of his hands around Linda's left ballooned breast
and squeezed it tightly.

   Wendy looked over at her mother upon her knees and elbows atop the metal
desk. Do to her thighs being longer then her upper arms had Wendy's mother's
torso at a slight inclined. With the rump sticking up higher then the shoulders
and the nipple of the purple colored ballooned breast that Roy wasn't squeezing
was brushing the desktop. Wendy's mother was still keeping her legs spread wide
to avoid putting any pressure on her brutally kicked pussy. Wendy could see the
long stringy globs of jism seep out of that battered pussy to splat down on to
the desktop. The entire arrangement made her mother look totally ridiculous. If
it wasn't for the fact that it was so horribly and painfully real Wendy would
have swore that this was some hellish nightmare. But it was real as the
agonizing throbbing in her ballooned breasts attested to.

       "Cherry were we before Maggot interrupted us?" Snickered Roy as he began
twisting the breast he was crushing.

   "I was telling mommy wha..." Wendy started to say but when Roy dragged her
mother by her crushed breast off the desk Wendy stopped in mid sentence.

   Maintaining his powerful grip on her breast Roy dragged Linda across the
room, until mother and daughter tormented tear ridden faces were touching.

   "What is this thing called?" Snapped Roy.

   "Her name is Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm." Wendy responded enviously
as she looked into her mother's pain twisted face.

   Linda collapsed to the floor when Roy released his grip on her breast. Roy
then grabbed a hand full of Wendy's hair and yanked up on it till Wendy was
yanked off her feet. Wendy landed on her rump as Roy lifted her up until her
face was even with his. Letting his spittle splatter across Wendy's face he
roared "TITLE! Where is my TITLE?"

   "My Lord and Master her nam..."

   SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

   "There's no HER in here. Only IT and MASTER, and that thing is NOT a Master!"
Snapped Roy after slapping Wendy's ballooned breasts.

   "My Lord and Master its name is Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm." Wendy
sobbed.

   Roy released Wendy's head hair and grabbed a hand full of Linda's twat hair.
He dragged Linda by her twat hair until he had her in front of the desk before
releasing the hand full of twat hair.

   "Sit pretty!" Roy snapped.

   Despite the agony she was in Linda quickly rose up off the floor and onto her
knees.

   "Cherry! What were we doing?"

   "My Lord and Master I was telling Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm that I
needed to be spanked for being bad." Wendy sobbed.

   "Let's here it. From the top."

   Wendy quickly struggled up off the floor to stand in her jackknife position.
She turned around until her rump was pointing towards her master and mother. As
she was looked between her legs she whimpered in short quivering sobs recited
the little speech that Roy had taught her to say. "Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot
Worm I have been such a bad little thieving bitch that I need to be punished.
Would you please ask that kind Security Officer next to you to beat my creamy
white ass until it matches my nasty twat and my pitiful scrawny boobies?"

   "Well MAGGOT?" Snapped Roy.

   Linda's tear filled eyes drifted over her daughter. From her bright red face
sitting behind a set of tapered legs up to her as of yet unblemished rear that
was sticking up high. She just couldn't bring herself to ask their tormentor to
mark up her daughter's rear. With fear rattling her entire body Linda looked up
at the imposing figure towering above her. "Please don't. Please don't whip my
daug...AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEKKKKKKEEEEEKEKEK!!!

   Linda collapsed to the floor as Roy slammed his boot into her groin. Linda
tried to coil into a fetal position but Roy grabbed a hand full of her hair and
jerked he back up to her knees. After slamming his boot into Linda's already
tenderize twat for five minutes he stopped kicking and spun her around until she
was facing her daughter. 

   "WELL!" Snapped Roy.

   Linda twitched and convulsed from the sole shattering pains boiling away in
her pussy. She was on the verge of passing out The only reason that Linda didn't
collapse to the floor was that Roy was still holding her up on her knees by a
handful of her hair. "Please no more." Linda sputtered and gurgled.

   Roy spun her back around facing him. As Roy drew his foot back Linda quickly
blurted out, "My Lord and Master. Cherry Twat needs to be punished. If you would
be so kind as to beat its creamy white ass until it matches its nasty twat and
its pitiful scrawny boobies for being such a bad little thieving bitch." 

   "Sure Maggot. No problem I'll take care of that for you." Giggled Roy as he
released Linda's hair.

   Linda collapsed to the floor in a fetal position. She watched the sadistic
teen strut towards the door he had brought her daughter through.

   "You two lazy-ass BITCHES put them in to gear till I get back. And I best not
hear a peep out of either of you." Snapped Roy as he entered the torture
chamber.

   Wendy instantly started waddling in her jackknife position around the mock
security office as soon as the orders left Roy's lips. As Wendy passed her
mother who was still curled up on the floor writhing in agonizing pain she
wanted to stop and help her. Wendy wanted to at less tell her mother that she
needed to get up off the floor and comply with Roy's commands. But the fear of
what their tormenter would to her kept Wendy silent and waddling.

   As her daughter passed her Linda could see the concern and fear behind
Wendy's eyes. And knowing that if she was caught her still on the floor instead
of moving about the room she would suffer even more at the sadistic teen's
wrath.

   Lighting bolts of searing pain lanced through Linda's battered pussy as she
struggled up on to her knees and elbows. The horrific pain in her battered pussy
increased ten-fold as her pussy lips brushed lightly against each other as Linda
started to scurry along on all fours behind her waddling daughter.

   For over thirty minutes completing lap after lap mother and daughter moved
around the mock security office. One, waddling as fast as she could in a
jackknife position and the other securing along like a dog upon her knees and
elbows. Both nearly climbed out of their skins when Roy booming voice
reverberated around the room.

    "Cherry! Present that lard ass to me!"

   Both women snapped their heads to the entryway to the torture chamber. Roy
was standing there his immense muscular frame nearly filled the small opening.
In his left hand he held a wicked looking bamboo cane. It made a loud SWHOOSHing
sound as he cut the air with it.

   Wendy looked at that cane with dread. Already that spring implement had
etched her entire front side. And now her rump was going to receive the same
treatment. She wanted nothing more then to run in the opposite direction, but
there was nowhere for her to run. Even if there was hobbled the way she was in
her jackknife position she couldn't flee fast enough to outpace the completely
unencumbered young man.

   Wendy let out a long pitiful moan as she broke from the circular path she and
her mother had been making. She scurried over to the teen with the bamboo cane
and presented her rear to him.

   "Cherry you are to go to the center of the room. There you will receive ten
sweet kisses with this." Wendy cringed and shivered with fear as Roy gently
stroke her rump with the bamboo cane. "You are to count each stroke, thank me
for it and ask for another. If try to avoid being kissed on your luscious ass,
mess up the count or fail to remain still the count will be set to zero and
we'll start again. Understand?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I understand." Wendy whimpered.

   "Proceeded." Roy continued to gently stroke her warbling rump with the bamboo
cane as she scurried to the center of the room. "Well?" Snapped Roy as they
stopped in the center of the room.

   "My Lord and Master will you please beat my creamy white ass until it matches
my nasty twat and my pitiful scrawny boobies for being such a bad little
thieving bitch."

   WHOOSH! Wendy shuddered as the wispy cane rushed passed her ear.

   "Not just yet Cherry. I think mommy needs to have a front row view first."
Roy giggled as he continued to slice the cane through the air next to Wendy's
ear. "MAGGOT! Get over here and 'Sit Pretty'."

   Linda scurried over to where Roy was point with the bamboo cane next to her
daughter. She rose up off her elbows and up onto her knees being her eyes level
with her daughter's creamy white rear, which was blurred by the bamboo cane,
whooshing pass her eyes.




     CHAPTER EIGHT:

  

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "AAARRRGGGGEEEE!!!!" Linda howled and dropped down to her elbows as searing
pain ripped through her purple, ballooned breast.

   At the same time Roy burst out laughing. "MAGGOT! That is a sample of what
your daughter's tush is going to get." Roy snapped through his chuckling. "Now
get the peepers back up here!"

   As she rose up off her elbows Linda quickly glanced down at her right breast.
The purple orb had a deep and permanent welt etched into it.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "One. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?" Wendy gasped as the
bamboo cane ate is way across her taunt meaty left buttock.

   Though the blow across her rear stung like the dickens it was nowhere near
the agonizing pain that that same cane had caused when Roy used it on her pussy.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Two. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?" Wendy gasped as the
bamboo cane ate is way across her meaty left buttock.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Three. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?" Wendy gasped as a
fiery red line sprouted up across her meaty right buttock.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Four. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   Linda watched in horror as the forth welting fiery red line sprouted up on
her daughter's rear end. She watched the sadistic teen raised the bamboo cane
high above his head in preparation to deliver another wicked blow to her
daughter's rear.

   "Please don't hit her anymore. Please!" Linda murmured as her concern for her
daughter's well being over road her own fear.

   At first Linda was ecstatic when Roy checked his downward swing. But Linda's
rejoicing vanished when instead of lashing her daughter's rear with the bamboo
cane Roy plunged his boot into her battered pussy.

   "MAGGOT! Were we given permission to speak?" Growled Roy as he continued to
brutally kick Linda in her twat. "I don't think so!"

   Linda was in much too much pain to answer the seventeen-year-old. All she
wanted to do was to get away from the booted foot that was pulverizing her
pussy. She clamped her folded legs together, rolled on her stomach and squirmed
across the floor. Linda tried everything she could think of. However no mater
what she tried Roy would easily counter it as he continued to kick her in the
crotch.

   Roy stopped kicking Linda when she was on the verge of unconscious. He
wrapped her long red hair into a crude ponytail and tied a line around it. Then
Roy dragged Linda back to her daughter and strung her up.

   Linda didn't notice the ripping pain in her scalp as she slowly swung by her
hair with her knees inches off the floor. Though under normal conditions the
ripping would have demanded greater attention. But now her mind completely
ignored the ripping pain. The only thing in Linda's universe was the relentless
hellish agonizing pain mushrooming out of her battered pussy.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Five. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?" Wendy painfully
gurgled.

   "Cherry, are you sure about that number?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master you have swatted my rear with the bamboo cane five
times now." Wendy mewed.

    "Well we wouldn't want to error and miss out on any of the sweet kisses from
this now would we?"

   Wendy shivered as Roy ran the bamboo cane through the deep crevice of her
rear. No My Lord and Master I wouldn't want to miss any of the sweet kisses from
the bamboo cane." Wendy stuttered mournfully.

   Wendy gasped and clenched her heinie muscles together as Roy poked the star
shape entrance to her shitter.

   "Well Cherry what do you think we should do about making sure that we get
each and every tender loving kiss?"

   "My Lord and Master I should start the count over so that we can be sure of
the proper count."

   "So let it be said, so let it be done!" Chuckled Roy as he raised the cane
high above his head.

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "One. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Two. Thank you My Lo..." Wendy counted out, thanked Roy and asked for
another slash across her bottom for each brutal stroke Roy delivered. Though
each stroke left a permanent scar on her bottom Wendy was amazed at her ability
to remain in position. Though it was becoming harder and harder to do so. "Thank
God that I have only two more strokes to go." Wendy thought to herself. "I don't
think I could stay still for any more then that."

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Nine. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?" Wendy voice
crackled over her heavy sobbing. Then to herself, "Just one more. Only a single
stroke left then the beating of my rear will be over. Thank God."

   Wendy steeled herself for the last blow. But it didn't come. Instead Roy's
jovial voice rang out.

   "Maggot, do you agree with Cherry's count?"

   Though Linda cringed and flinched with every powerful blow of the bamboo cane
across her daughter's rear her mind was still coping with the agonizing pain
radiating form her crotch. So she had no idea of the count her daughter had
said. "I don't know My Lord and Master. I'm sorry." Linda stuttered through her
heavy sobbing.

   "Well Cherry since it was your mommy who insisted that your derriere be
tanned, don't you think that she should know the count?" Giggled Roy as he
traced several of the blood dripping welts on Wendy's scared bottom with his
fingernail.

   Wendy winced as the jagged fingernail scraped harshly across the open wounds
"Yes, My Lord and Master, Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm should know the
proper count. Since it was its idea to have my derriere tanned."

   "Hear that Maggot you're failing as a mommy. So to make up for your lack of
attentiveness we'll just have to start the count over." Snickered Roy as he drew
back the bamboo cane. "From the top Cherry!"

  

   "OH..." WHOOSH! "...DEAR..." CRACK! "...GOD..." SMACK! "...NO!" Wendy howled
as the bamboo cane slice through the air and etched its way across her left rump
globe.

   "One. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Two. Thank you My Lo..."

   "Wrong reset for the silly bitch prattling"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "One. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Two. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Three. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   "Cherry don't you think to make sure mommy is paying attention this time that
she also should count your derriere kisses with you?" Giggled Roy as he dragged
the bamboo cane through Wendy's pussy slit.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I think that the Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm
should count my derriere kisses so that we know that it is paying attention."
Sobbed Wendy.

   "Got that Maggot!" Snapped Roy.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I am to count with Cherry Twat for each and every
kiss to its derriere." Linda mournfully stuttered.

   From the top then BITCHES!"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   At the same time both mother and daughter rang out.

   In Linda's case she responded, ""One. Thank you My Lord and Master. Please
give Cherry Twat another kiss.

   Wendy's was, "One. Thank you My Lord and Master. May I have another?"

   WHOOSH! CRACK! SMACK!

   "Two. Thank you My Lo..."

   So it went mother and daughter singing out together each stroke of the bamboo
cane.  My time Roy finally allowed both women to count to ten, Wendy had a
hundred, blood dripping permanent welt etched across her rump.

   "Maggot you can give Cherry some comfort. Lick her ass." Giggled Roy.

   Linda stared up at the sadistic teen towering above her with shock disbelief.
She couldn't believe what he was telling her to do. To lick blood; her
daughter's blood. The Idea revolted her. But when she saw Roy beginning to draw
his booted foot back Linda scampered on her knees behind her daughter and
started licking the blood off her daughter's scared rump like it was a lollypop.

   Linda nearly upchucked as she licked up her daughter's blood but she fought
the urge. She was sure that the sadistic teen would once again start kicking her
in the pussy if she did vomit. And that was the very last thing she want
happening so Linda swallow her rising bile back down and continued to lick her
daughter's bloody rear.

   Wendy winced each time her mother's tongue danced across her flaming rear.
Despite what Roy had said about being comforted her mother's tongue felt like
coarse sandpaper scraping away at her raw rear.

   "Put them buns in gear!"

   Wendy once again started waddling around the small fake security office.
Linda followed her daughter on her knees while continuing to lick her daughter's
bloody rear. Out of the corner of their eyes the watched Roy enter the torture
chamber. He reappeared moments later with two thirty-five gallon drums.

   Wendy shuddered when she saw the drums. Having been squished into one for two
hours she knew exactly what those drums were going to be used for. However that
was not the case with Linda. She was totally puzzled by the two drums as Roy set
them up in the middle of the room. Though they were stenciled 'Detention Cells #
1 & 2' Linda had no idea what the drums were for.

   "It's time to put that nasty twat of your back to work" Giggled Roy as he
grabbed a hand full of Linda's head hair and haul her up. He carried her over to
and slammed her down atop of the drum with the number two stenciled on it.

   Linda was still gasping for breath when Roy slammed Dong Kong to the hilt in
her pulverized pussy. As Dong Kong drilled, its way in and out of Linda's cunt
and womb Roy snapped, "Cherry where is that lazy ass of yours suppose to be?"

   "My Lord and Master, my lazy ass is suppose to be in Worthless Scum Sucking
Maggot Worm face so it can give me some comfort by licking my bloody ass."

   "Well?"

   Wendy waddled over to the drum and pushed her welted bleeding rear into her
mothers face. Linda instantly resumed licking blood of her daughter's rear while
Roy raped her for the third time. After dumping two loads of jism into Linda's
baby factory and twat Roy withdrew a very drossy Dong Kong.

   With globs of his gooey male seed dripping from her very full pussy Linda
continued to lick her daughter's rear while out of the corner of her eye she
watched Roy get dressed. Then he removed the bindings from her daughter's wrist
and ankles. Roy didn't give her daughter very much time to stretch before he
tightly recuffed her hands behind her back. He then removed the top of the other
drum.

   "You've earned a rest period Cherry go to your cell." Snickered Roy.

   Linda stopped licking her daughter's bloody rear as Wendy scurried over to
the other drum. Linda watched her daughter bend over and stick her head and
upper torso into the drum. Linda's eyes widen in horror as she watched Roy grab
her daughter's ankles and stuffed her daughter's six-foot frame into the
three-foot drum then sealed her inside. The scream that her daughter was making
as Roy stuffed her into the drum were completely muffled when the drum top was
sealed.

   "You too get a rest period Maggot!" Giggled Roy.

   Within moments Linda found herself painfully crammed into the drum and sealed
in. Linda was completely isolated she could neither see nor hear anything. The
lid pressed harshly against her rump pressing her five foot seven frame to be
squished in to the three-foot drum. Her spine was force into a curve position,
which put all of her weight pressing on the small curved spot of her neck. Her
face pushed against the tops of her dark purple, ballooned breasts. Which were
cold to the touch. Her knees were jamming into the undersides of her ballooned
breasts. Linda shivered violently. Not from the coldness of the drum lid
pressing against her upturn rump but because of the image of her daughter
stuffed in a similar drum next to her. Her daughter was five inches taller then
her so it must be even more cramp for her and the lid that was trapping her
daughter in the drum was pressing down on her well beaten, welted, bleeding
rump. So Linda knew as painful as her squished predicament was her daughter was
in even more hellish agony then she was.

   Indeed in the drum next to Linda was Wendy howling at the top of her lungs as
the harsh medal drum lid, which Roy had coated with abrasive non-skid strips was
grading her welted rear.

   In the pitch-blackness inside the drum Linda broke out in uncountable wailing
sobs as Roy's four loads of jism oozed from her battered pussy to drip in gooey
strings between her ballooned breasts and onto her face. Her tears did little to
wash away the sticky goo that was coating her face.

   Out side of the drums Roy was strutting as free as a Jaybird from the fake
security office to the real one to start his next duty shift. Though he had just
finished an eight-hour roaming shift he had agreed a week ago to take one of his
coworker's, noon to eight shift. And it was too late to back out of it now. He
was going to sleep for the four hours between the two shifts but Wendy and her
mother change that. He'll just have to slug through the shift the grab some shut
eye then more fun and games with his two new Fucktoy's.

   With two captives waiting for him below Roy didn't have the excitement of
scoping out pray so the work shift was a long and dull one. He thought about
popping down to play with one of his Fucktoy's during his lunch break but he
decided that he didn't want to do a rush job or forget the time so he remained
up in the mall proper. After all he'll have the next two days off to play with
his Fucktoys.

   Roy gave the CD player and the music CD's that Wendy had stole back to John
in the music store. They talked for a while about the tape that was made with
Wendy as Roy frightened her with juvenile hall.

   Roy had nearly burst out laughing as her thought about Wendy, "Boy I bet that
thieving little bitch is now wishing I did send her to juvenile hall instead of
being stuffer into the drum. Too, too bad."

   John had thought that Roy's giddiness was due to the pleading voice of the
young girl on the tape. After a quick discussion Roy had agreed to take the
micro-recorder and tape the next first-timer shoplifter could be terrorized with
the juvenile hall story.

   Towards the end of his shift Roy was passing the mall's trash compactor when
e heard a commotion behind it. On looking behind the trash compactor Roy saw the
biggest and ugliest dog he had ever seen fucking another dog. An evil smile
spread across his face as her slipped off his belt.

   After making a loop in the belt he walked up behind the big ugly dog and
slipped the looped belt over the dog's head. Before the dog knew what was
happening Roy jerk the loop tight and lofted the dog off the ground by the belt.

   The big dog snarled and snapped at Roy as it thrashed about at the end of the
belt that it was hanging from. The bitch dog spun around and also tried to bite
Roy, but Roy was ready for her. As she got within range he fire a stun gun into
her. The bitch dog dropped to the ground twitching its muscles totally useless.
After zapping the bitch dog Roy did the same to the snarling, snapping male. He
then hurried to the hardware store and got some duct tape and a couple lengths
of chains and four padlocks.

   After returning to the two twitching dogs Roy zapped them again just to be
safe. Using the duct tape Roy tape each of the dogs muzzle closed. Roy tightly
wrap a chain around each dog throat and pad locked it in place. Then he secured
the other end of the chain to the trash compactor.

   After securing the two dogs Roy headed back to the Mall to finish the last
ninety-minutes of his extended workday. Looking over his shoulder at the two
well secured twitching dogs he thought of what he was going to do with them.
"Boy, are we going to have some fun." Giggled Roy as he rubbed Dong Kong through
his pants.




     CHAPTER NINE:

  

   Stabbing pain shot into Linda's head as the florescent light flooded the drum
she was in as the top was popped off. The pain was so intense that Linda had to
squeeze her eyes tight to block the bright light.

   "Nappy time is up Maggot." Giggled Roy as he reached in to the drum and
hauled Linda out of the drum by her cuntal hair.

   Linda landed with a heavy thud on the floor between the two drums, which
knocked the wind out of her. As she tried to gasp more air into her lungs she
began stretching out her neck and back. Linda had no idea how long she had been
squeezed inside of the three-foot drum. All she knew was that every muscle in
her body was twitching and cramping in sheer agony. So she was nearly ecstatic
when the sadistic teen popped the lid to the drum and hauled her out. She wished
that Roy would release the very tight plastic bands from around her arms, legs
and especially the ones crushing the base of her breasts. But it didn't happen.
Instead Roy barked a single word.

   "HEEL!"

   Linda cracked her eyes open and looked up at the sadistic teen towering over
her. She was about to beg him to release the plastic bands when through the tiny
slits in her eyes she saw Roy draw his booted foot back. Lind scrambled off her
back and on her knees and elbows. She then scurried over to Roy's left side.
When he started walking she followed him like an obedient puppy.

   Linda's tiny slit eyes popped wide open in horror as she entered the
cavernous room just behind the mock security office. Though she had watched Roy
inter the room and returned with various implements of torture that were used on
her daughter and herself she had no idea of the size of the room and scope of
torture devices the her wide eyes were now bouncing around to. She burst into
heavy chest rattling sobs as she realized that the young sadistic teen she was
scurrying next to could and would use any and/or all of the hideous torture
devices on her daughter and herself.

   "OHDEARGOD!" Linda moaned pitifully as she followed Roy to the far left side
of the cavernous room to where a bed was set up. Next to that bed was her
daughter.

   Wendy's hands were still cuffed behind her back. A steel cable was attached
to the cuffs and went up to the ceiling to an electrical hoist. The cable had
been adjusted so that it lifted Wendy's cuffed hands high above her back. This
forced Wendy to bend over at the waist until her face was a few inches above the
bed's mattress. Wendy's feet had been drawn so far apart that she was force to
stand on the very tips of her toes in order to remain in contact with the floor.
They were held in place by leg irons bolted in to the floor next to the bed.
Wendy's arms and legs were twitching and rippling from the strain they were
force to maintain.

   "Stay!" Barked Roy as Linda came up next to her bound daughter.

   Linda watched Roy yank duct tape off her daughter's mouth. Wendy's muffled
cries turned to wails of anguish as Roy pulled out her panties and bra from her
stuffed mouth. 

   "Maggot if you drop these I kick that worthless twat till I hear bones
crack!" Roy growled as he stuffed the salvia-drenched undergarments into Linda's
battered pussy.

   Though it was extremely painful to do so Linda clamped down with her cuntal
muscles onto her daughter's dripping wet panties and bra to keep the buried
inside of her. To her surprise the warm wet undergarments were soothing some of
the hurt inside her pussy. She wondered if Roy knew this.

   "Maggot get under your daughter so you can see between its legs then 'Sit
Pretty'." Barked Roy as he stepped behind Wendy.

   Linda quickly did as she was commanded. The top of her head pushed into she
daughter's concave stomach. And the back of her head was butted against her
daughter's ballooned breasts.

   "Maggot you have exactly one minute to get Dong Kong all lathered up before
he takes Cherry's cherry." Goggled Roy as he slid his monstrous prick across
Wendy's pussy lips and mound till it butted against Linda's lips.

   Linda shuddered from the memory of the stiff, monstrous cock buried to its
hilt in her pussy-passage and how it agonizingly poked into her womb.
""DEARGODNOOOO!!!" Wailed Linda desperately. "Please My Lord and Master fuck me
with Dong Kong. Not my daughter. Please My Lord and Master. Please!" Before
Linda could utter another word Roy snatched his bulbous purple prick head from
her lips.

   ""Nope! I promised Dong King a cherry. He has never had one. And your
daughter's is going to be it. And since you rather bitch prattle then slick down
Dong Kong with your mouth; Cherry here will get popped without the benefit of
any lubrication." Snarled Roy giddily.

   Wendy screamed when she felt the first pressure of Roy's cock-head against
the pink lips of her pussy. She thrashed like a mad bronco, yanking her arms out
of the shoulder sockets. She arched her back and swung her lush ass in every
direction to avoid Roy's big cock.

   "That's it Cherry Twat," Roy said running his strong hand over her creamy
haunches and kneading them like dough. "Keep shaking that sexy little ass and
you'll be a fine fucking machine before you know it."

   "OGODNOOOOOO!!!" Wendy wailed.

   Roy pounded his fist into the small of her back so hard that for an instant
Wendy was paralyzed. And in that moment Roy plunged his fat cock inside her.

   "I'm a virgin!" Wendy screamed desperately. "Please don't?oh no! Why are you
doing this to me?"

   "Like I told Maggot I promised Dong Kong a cherry. And you're the only one
around." Giggled Roy.

   "Oh please don't!"

   Roy closed his eyes against the pleasure of Wendy's super tight, super dry
twat. His cock was bigger then the tiny pink mouth of her pussy, and as he
pushed his fat cock-head inside her petal-like cunt-lips stretched almost to the
point of tearing. Wendy was a tall girl, but her cunt was tiny, virginal. Roy
had fucked no more then three inches of his cock into Wendy's tiny cunt when he
hit the fleshy wall of her cherry.

   It didn't stop him.

   Wendy, stop thrashing when, Roy tore her cherry to shreds. At first it felt
like as though it was hold tight as it stretched. Then it gave way with a rush,
and something hot and wet filled Wendy's tiny cunt. When she realized it was her
virgin blood, she almost passed out.

   Wendy had denied nice boys who really liked her; determined to save her self
for the man she was going to marry. She had even recently broken up with Brian
Sanders, the Eastmount football team's center, because of his sexual advances.
Now, her virginity had been viciously ripped away in some dark damp torture
chamber. Brutally deflowered by a heartless cruel security guard.

   Roy dug his strong hands into Wendy's silky hips and fucked his cock in. It
was like fucking a hot, throbbing vice. Wendy might be trembling like an injured
deer, her fine muscles drawn tight as bow strings, her creamy skin dotted with
goose-flesh and her beautiful face pale as if she was dying, but her cunt was
reacting as though it loved everything his big cock was doing to it.

   Roy backed off a couple of inches and thrust in to her pussy again,
stretching the tight elastic walls of her pussy. Wendy gasped and shivered as
though she was dying. Roy rabbit-fucked her with short hard strokes until her
tight, tiny pussy was taking every inch that it could.

   "AAAARRRRGGGGGEEEEEKKKKKAAARRRRGGGGEEEEKKKK!!!!" Wendy howled in sheer
animalistic as she found out what real pain was as Roy pile-drove the remaining
length of a very dry Dong Kong into her virginal twat which caused Roy's massive
prick head bored its way into her never before used birthing chamber the now
decherryed sixteen-year-old passed out from the excruciating pain.

   Linda could feel Roy's massive prick ripping is way through her daughter's
insides through her the top of her head, which was in contact with her daughter
belly. And when her daughter passed out Linda had to scrunch down as Wendy
slumped down.

   "Man-O-man I think your daughter is trying to snap Dong Kong off." Giggled
Roy sadistically as his heavy balls slapped against Wendy's little pussy mound.
"I don't think Dong Kong will ever be so happy again." 

   Linda watched and felt the massively long and thick, throbbing prick slide
slowly out through the top of her head. As the prick slid out Linda watched a
rivulet of blood streamed out of her daughter's pussy. When the blood coated
bulbous head popped out the incredibly tight sixteen-year-old twat it did so
with sickening sucking slurping wet pop.

   Roy strutted over to a locker next to the torture chamber entryway where he
retrieved an ampoule of smelling salt. After returning to Wendy her pushed Dong
Kong into her twat just enough so that the thick bulbous head was inside.

   Linda had to scrunch even further down when Roy leaned forwarded and laid
across her daughters back forcing her torso to dip lower. Linda shuddered and
got sick to her stomach when she heard a god awful popping sound from her
daughter's shoulders.

   With Roy on her back Wendy's nose brushed across the fluffy quilt covering
the bed. Roy reached forwarded and snapped open the smelling salt ampoule and
placed it in the bed under Wendy's nose. Wendy began howling as soon at the
smelling salt shook her back to consciousness.

   "Welcome back Cherry. We wouldn't want you to miss your very first fucking
now would we?" Giggled Roy as he slammed Dong Kong to the hilt in the tight
sixteen-year-old, blood-dripping twat.

   Wendy, howled and howled, as Roy's monstrous prick pounded in and out of her
pussy channel and womb, stretching and tearing the delicate tissue as it did.
The smelling salt under her nose insured that Wendy remained conscious for each
and every heinously painful stroke of the monstrous prick.

   Through the contact of her head to her daughter's belly Linda also could feel
every powerful thrust that the sadistic teen made inside of her daughter. Linda
sobbed despondently whishing that she could somehow rescue her daughter from the
brutal raping she was undergoing. But Linda couldn't save herself much less her
daughter. Both of them were completely and utterly under the sadistic teen's
control to do anything and be used in anyway; all at his cruel sadistic whim.

   "All right Cherry!" Roy shouted and he fucked Wendy's tiny cunt even more
brutally then ever, swinging his hips from side to side to plunge his savaging
cock into her from different angles. "Get ready for some spunk, you sleazy
little cock-tease! I'm going to cream in your stuck-up little twat!"

   "NONONONONONONOOOOOO!"

   "Dirty slut!" Roy cried gleefully. He leaned down over Wendy's bowed back and
pounded his cock into her. "Dirty, sleazy, slimy cunt! That's all you've ever
been, Wendy! And now you're going to learn your fucking place!"

   Wendy grunted in agony with each brutal jab of Roy's long thick cock. He was
wrecking her tiny cunt ripping through the narrow passage into her womb.
Stretching the tiny pocket of her pussy until it tore with the strain. Her cunt
was filled with blood and pussy-cream, as her inexperienced young body tried
desperately to cope with the massive cock that was rutting inside her, Roy
stirred the broth with every grinding, powerful thrust, crushing Wendy's slim
young body up to him by her ballooned breast to meet his brutally humping frame.

   "I'm going to shoot!" Roy screamed, twisting Wendy's ballooned tits and
smashing them together. He looped his powerful legs around her silky thighs and
pounded her svelte young body with short brutal fuck-strokes. "Maggot your
daughter has the worlds tightest fucking twat! I'm going to wet it down with its
first cum shower!"

   Wendy's lean, sultry body buckled with Roy's weight and the young teen's face
was mashed into the bed's mattress. The smelling salt fumes made her choke and
gagged.

   "Here it comes slut!" Groaned Roy as he teen pulled her head up off the
mattress by her hair

   "NOOOOOOO!" Wendy screamed. "Please pull out! Roy, please, I'll do anything,
but please don't cum inside me!"

   Wendy had dreamed about the day she would give up her cherry to the man she
married. Already that dream was shattered, pierced and ruined by Roy's long
thick spearing cock. Now he was going to cum inside her. Polluting her pristine
body with his filthy cock-slime. Roy was going to contaminate her with his
slimy, disgusting fuck-filth.

   "Fuck on it, Wendy!" Roy shouted, gnawing on the back of her neck until he
drew blood, pulling and smashing her ballooned tits until Wendy thought they
were going to pop off her chest any moment. "Roll some sweet jism around in your
dirty little pussy!"

   Roy fucked her faster and harder yet, his muscular ass a blur, as he rocked
her slim, sexy frame with savage fuck-strokes. His cock was moving almost its
entire length as reamed it back and forth inside her battered cunt, and the
friction he was getting from her stretched, skin-tight cunt was bring his cum
boiling up from his balls.

   "You love it, Wendy-whore!" he gasped, hugging her svelte young body so tight
against his own that the beautiful cheerleader could barely breathe. "Your
nothing but a cock-loving slut! Cunts like you, they need fucking and hurting!
Then they cum and cum and cum! You're getting excited now, Wendy-whore! I can
feel it inside your scummy little cunt!"

   Wendy screamed in disgust at Roy's words, then screamed in horror as his jism
exploded inside her tiny, gasping cunt and womb. Her pussy felt rubbed raw by
the rapid friction of his long prick.

   She could feel his jism squirting up inside her. She felt as though she had
been polluted with some deadly toxic waste. Roy's jism was so hot and slimy that
Wendy sleek young body shook with disgust. Her cunt felt like a sponge, soaking
up every drop of Roy's horrible fuck-filth. Wendy cried in revulsion, wishing
desperately that there were some way she could stop her pussy from drinking down
his tainted seed.

   But suddenly she was trembling with another feeling.

   Her clit had been rubbed too hard for too long for Wendy not to feel
something. Burning pleasure spike through her brutalized cunt as Roy's
bubbling-hot jism filled her up. Wendy couldn't keep her sweet young ass from
jerking back up against Roy's hard-thrusting cock. She couldn't stop her
blood-engorged pussy-lips from quivering around the thick, thrusting stalk of
rock-hard fuck-flesh. A glut of sticky pussy-cream rolled down her trembling,
luscious thighs. The pleasure was so sudden and unexpected that before Wendy
could stop herself she was gasping with lust and bucking her hips from side to
side in a frenzied bump and grind.

   "Maggot your slutty daughter is getting off!" Roy shouted over Wendy's moans
sexual bliss of her first orgasm.

   Roy's words stabbed Linda in the heart like a knife. She didn't want to
believe them. But the fluid streaming down her daughter's legs was unmistakable.
Her daughter had climax from the brutal taking of her hymen.

   Wendy glanced over her should at Roy and said a little prayer. Thanking god
that it was over. But it wasn't.

   Roy's hard stomach slapped against her lush ass with loud smacking noises as
her rammed his still hard prick all the way into her. He continued making lewd
comments about the way, Wendy's sexy, creamy ass, and long, lean thighs
shuddered under the impacts. He mocked her for bucking back against his brutal
fuck-lunges. He laughed at the gooey mix of blood and jism and cunt-cream that
soaked Dong Kong which dripped from the wide-stretched lips of Wendy's steaming
twat. Roy hammered and hammered the sixteen-year-old twat and womb not caring
how Wendy felt.

   Dong Kong was finally happy after squirting his third load of goo deep into
Wendy's birth chamber. So Roy withdrew the droopy one-eyed monster from the
stretched and tattered fuck chute. Dong Kong had a thick coating of frothy
pink-tented spunk and twat cream covering him.

   Roy would have to let Dong Kong recharge himself before taking on the
sixteen-year-old poop-chute, until then he would amuse himself with mommy. He
reached under Wendy and yanked Linda out from underneath her daughter by her
head hair. He lifted the sobbing woman up until her tear-flooded eyes were even
with his joyful gleaming eyes.

   "What's the mater Maggot are we all upset because Dong Kong is completely
ignoring you while he plays with your daughter?"

   Though Linda didn't want Roy monstrous cock anywhere near her she answered
him, as she knew how she wanted her to answer. "Yes, My Lord and Master I am
very jealous that Cherry Twat is getting all of Dong Kong's attention."

   "Well maggot if this..." Roy slammed his knee into Linda's twat, "...wasn't
loose as a goose maybe Dong Kong would pay more attention to it. But don't fret
Maggot even though Dong Kong wants nothing to do with your worn-out worthless
twat I know someone who just might be." Giggled Roy as he dropped Linda.
"Follow!"

   Linda scrambled onto her knees and elbows and scurried after Roy. He led her
between four post imbedded in the floor. They stood some four feet high and were
five feet apart from each other. From the top of each pole was a small
electrical winch. Roy pulled the cable on the post nearest to Linda's left arm.
The cable spun from the winch drum easily. Roy squeezed and rammed the cable
between Linda's left upper and lower arm near the crook of the elbow. He looped
the cable around itself and crimp a wire shank around it. Then Roy did the same
thing to Linda's right arm and both legs.

   With a simple push of a single button all four winches came to life and
started to reel cables in. It didn't take long for the retracting cables to pull
Linda's arms and legs out from underneath her.

   Linda yelped in pain as she landed with a heavy thud on the rough cement
floor upon her purple-ballooned breasts. But that wasn't the end of the winches
pulling in the four cables. The four motors hummed away pulling Linda's arms and
legs tighter and tighter. The cable pulled so tight that Linda's torso was
lifted off the floor. When the winches had lifted Linda a foot and a half off
the floor Roy pushed the motor control stop button.

   Roy squatted behind Linda and with a turkey baster Roy pushed the baster deep
into Linda's gapping twat-passage. He squeezed the baster bulb ejecting the
baster's contents deep into Linda's twat. Linda had no idea what the cold sticky
substance was but Roy did. Using the baster on the stunned female dog he had
extracted the combined fuck juices of the two dogs he had captured earlier.

   "Don't go anywhere Maggot I'll be right back with your date."

   With her stretched taunt between four poles some a foot and a half off the
floor Lind had no choice but to wait for whatever the sadistic teen had in mind.
But when she saw what Roy had come back with Linda yank, twisted and jerked
within the limits of her bounds. But with Linda stretched out so tightly all her
desperate movement archived was to move a scant few inches.

   "Maggot say hello to Rex. Maybe he'll be interested in that worn-out useless
twat of yours."

   "OHGODNO!! PLEASE DON'T NOT THAT!!!" Wailed Linda as Roy led the snarling dog
behind her.

   "Maggot, either you Ask Rex here nice and sweet to fuck that worn-out useless
twat of yours with his doggy prick or I'm going to practice my field goal
kicking with it."

   Chocking, back her sobs Linda as sweetly and sexy as she could beg the huge
dog to fuck her. "Oh please Rex would you fuck my worn-out useless twat with
that doggy cock of yours. Please fuck me Rex."

   Linda gasped and flush with shame, when Roy forced Rex's cold nose into her
gapping pussy.

   Once the big dog got a whiff of the mixture of fuck juices he needed no
further encouragement from Roy. His long thin shaft slid out of its furry sheath
as he mounted Linda. It took Rex a few thrusts before his hard doggy cock found
the human twat then Rex started to hump away.

   Once Rex was fucking Linda Roy wrapped the chain that hung from Rex's neck
that he used to control the big dog with around Linda's neck also. Now even if
Rex lost interest in fucking Linda he would still be forced in the mounted
position on Linda's back.

   Linda was crying so hard and so was full of shame by being fuck by a dog that
she didn't notice what Roy was doing until his booming voice snapped her
attention to him.

   "Maggot! Rex's lover is pretty steamed up that your getting sexual
satisfaction from Rex and she is not. So you are going to satisfy her."

   It was then that Linda noticed another dog right in front of her face, a
female dog. Roy has secured the poor animal in a modified version of a stock
just behind the dog's rib cage. The dogs back legs had been spread wide and
secured to the ends of the stock. Her tail had been drawn up and secured to the
top of the stock. The front half of the female dog was twisting and jerking in
an attempt to free itself as she snarled and snap at the wooden planks that was
trapping her.

   Linda turned her head away and hung her head down in order to get away from
the female dog's pussy that was inflamed from her being in heat. Linda couldn't
believe that any sane person would want her to perform a lesbian sexual act with
a female dog. Suddenly Rex dug his claws into Linda's back as he struggled to
maintain his mounted position as Linda started to rise higher into the air.

   "AAAARRRGGGEEEEEEKKKKKKEEEE!!!" Linda shrieked as the tension in her arm and
leg joints increased.

   "Maggot your arms and legs will be ripped off unless you start licking and
sucking the doggy twat in front of you." Snarled Roy.

   Linda jerked her head up and snapped it around until the female dog's blood
engorged pussy was in front of her mouth. Linda lanced out her tongue and
flicked it across the dog's pussy. She sucked the upside down triangle shaped
doggy sex organ into her mouth. When she did that the whirling motors stop.
Linda was now suspended two feet above the floor.

   As Rex fucked Linda's twat, Linda sucked and licked a doggie's twat.
Satisfied with his results Roy laid down in the bed. He positioned the dozing
Dong Kong Under Wendy's mouth.

   "Cherry, Kiss Dong Kong!"

   Wendy gasped in shock, as she looked up at Roy with a sick despair, hoping
that he wouldn't make her take so active a part in her own desecration.

   "Get to it, Cherry Twat..." Roy said with a smirk when he saw her pleading
stare, "...or I'm going to smash up that trampy face until its not so pretty
anymore."

   Roy smashed his fist down on top of Wendy's head to prove that he was
serious. He beat her until she was weaving from side to side, dizzy and almost
unconscious from the repeated blows. Wendy wished she could pass out to escape
the debasing and disgusting task that Roy was commanding of her. But she didn't.
After a dozen blows Roy stopped hitting her and slapped his heavy, bloody pussy
cream and jism soaked cock against her cheek.

   "You ready to kiss it now, you little slut?" Roy snapped as he reached over
and trapped her bloated right nipple between his powerful fingers and yank
downwards.

   "EEEEEKKKKEEEEE!!!!" Wendy thought Roy was pulling so hard on her right
nipple that he was going to tear the nipple off her body.

   "Come on, Cherry-slut, stick out your pretty pink tongue and lick all over
that big fat cock-head!"

   Wendy cried uncontrollably, but she stuck her tongue out between her full
lips and brushed it over the pulsating, purple, slimy head of Roy's prick. Roy
moaned with passion as Wendy licked up the hot, sticky pink goo from around his
prick head. He angled his cock so that it crossed the bridge of Wendy's nose,
and when the trembling beauty ran her tongue over the underside of his cock, he
almost came.

   "Kiss it, Wendy-bitch," he said, plopping his fat cock-head right against her
lips. "Give it a little French kiss, you dirty little thieving slut!"

   Wendy ran her tongue all over the bulging cock-head, then pursed her sexy
lips and gave the fat crown a lingering wet kiss. She teased her tongue over the
deep cleft of Roy's piss-slit, tasting his fuck-lube as it leaked from the tiny
hole. And as she kissed the fat head, she sucked on it gently, applying suction
to just the tip of the huge, jerking prick.

   "Where did you learn how to do that, you dirty cunt?" Roy asked, twisting his
hands in Wendy's silky hair and pressing her face into his crotch. "Such a dirty
little slut. I'm going to cum all over your slutty little face.

   A moment latter Wendy felt the first hot, slimy blast of jism against her
full pouting lips. Cum spurted into her mouth, painting her soft pink tongue a
dirty shade of silver. Cum frosted her lips like lipstick. Cum dripped down from
her parted lips in long, stringy strands.

   "Clean Dong Kong"

   Wendy instantly started to lick the new wad of sticky gooey spunk along with
the old spunk mixed with her own blood and cunt-cream off Roy's limp cock. "At
less I'm servicing a man and not dogs." Wendy sobbed to herself as she stared at
her mother being fuck by a dog and her mother sucking and licking a dog's pussy.
Roy also watched Linda's hot action until he drifted off to sleep.




     CHAPTER TEN:

  

   Roy woke up with a smile on his face several hours later feeling quite
rested. The sixteen-year-old was still diligently licking the now fully erect
Dong Kong.  He glanced over at Linda. Rex was no longer fucking her. Instead he
was trying to unmount Linda in doing so he had ripped up Linda's back with his
claws.

   Despite the fact that she was in sheer agony from her tautly stretched arms
and legs along with the intense burning from the multiple claw marks etched into
her back Linda was still licking and sucking the bitch dog's twat. The bottom
part of her face was covered with doggy pussy cream that was dripping off her
chin to form a large pool on the floor beneath her.

   The bitch dog herself had given up trying to free herself and was whimpering.
Caught between the frustration of having her back part of her body held immobile
and kept in sexual bliss by the human sucking and licking on her sex organ.

   Roy got out of bed and went over to Linda. He removed the chain from around
Linda's neck. He pulled on the chain forcing Rex off Linda's back so that he was
standing directly behind her. He then secured the chain around Linda's waist
leaving enough slack in the chain so that if Rex wanted to he could remount
Linda to fuck her. Roy then dragged the stock that the bitch dog rear was
trapped in to the far back wall of the room. As he dragged the stock the bitch
dog started to snarl and snap at Roy, as she was force to scurry backwards.

   Roy burst out laughing when he returned to Linda. Rex had his muzzle buried
in Linda's twat and was lapping up Linda's twat cream, doggie jism, and Roy's
jism. Roy squatted down in front of Linda and yanked her head up by her hair.
"Maggot if I let you down will you behave like a good little doggy?"

   Linda stared glassy eyed at Roy her tear ducts had dried up long ago so tears
no longer streamed down her face as she sobbed, "Oh, yes, My Lord and Master, I
will behave like a good little doggy. Please let me down! Please My Lord and
Master! Please!" When Roy lower to the floor Linda kept her acing arms and legs
spread out. It hurt too much to move them.

   "Suck up that mess you made and spit it into this jar."

   Linda planted her lips into the large pool of doggie pussy cream that had
formed on the floor and started to suck up the sticky stuff. When her mouth was
full she spit it into the jar that Roy had sat next to her head.

   "Listen up Maggot! Once you have clean up both of your messes you are to
petrol the perimeter of the room with Rex here. You are not to stop for any
reason except for one or more of these conditions. First one is to comply with
any order I give you. Secondly every time you pass the bitch dog you lick and
suck her twat for one full minute. No more no less. The time keeping will be
kept by you. But I will do a random check. And woes betide you if that check is
not accurate. And thirdly anytime that Rex wants some nookey you will oblige
him. Understand Maggot?" Roy snapped in a commanding tone.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I underst...AAARRRGGGEEEE!" Linda started to say
which turned into a howl as Roy wiped her clawed up back with the cable he had
released from her right arm.

   "Bitch dogs DO NOT speak! They BARK! One bark for no and two barks for yes.
Now try again and get it right this time."

   "ARF! ARF!" Linda barked loudly.

   "That's a good little doggie. Now if for any reason you tick me off up you go
and the next time you will be lifted the entire four feet and I'll use you as a
chair. Understand Maggot?"

   "ARF! ARF!" Linda once again barked loudly.

   Linda continued to suck up the pool of doggie pussy cream and Rex licked her
pussy while Roy remove the remaining cables that had held her suspended off the
floor.

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!!" Linda howled as Roy whipped her clawed back with the
last cable he removed form her right leg.

   "Up and at 'em Maggot!"

   Though her shoulders and hips joints screamed in protest Linda scrambled to
her knees.

   "Well Maggot did we enjoy our fuck party with Rex?"

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "Did we find doggie twat juice tasty?"

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "That's good to hear Maggot, because as a bitch dog yourself it's the only
thing that your worn-out worthless twat and mealy mouth is good for now. From
now till you die you are nothing but a fucking station and twat servicing
station for dogs. Your daughter will provide all the necessary services for Dong
Kong."

   As Linda moved form the spot where she had finish sucking up the female dog's
pussy cream to the pool of doggie jism and her own pussy cream that had leaked
out of her pussy Linda watched Roy walk over to a small kitchen area. Her
stomach began to growl in protest as the aroma of steak and fries cooking
whiffed through the air.

   In her rush to get to the mall Linda had not eaten breakfast. Nor did she eat
very much the day before. The only sustenance that she had in the last
thirty-six hours was several loads of Roy's high protein jism and doggie pussy
cream so Linda was very hungry. And she was sure that her daughter was even
hungrier. Not having eaten hardly anything since the flight from their home a
week ago. So she was hoping that her captor was fixing her and her daughter
something to eat also.

   Roy looked over to Linda as he sat down at the table with his food. She had
just finished sucking up the last bit of doggie jism and her own pussy juices
and was heading for the wall nearest her. Rex was securing along behind Linda
though he no longer had his nose stuck up, nor licking Linda's twat. Instead he
had his head turned towards Roy and was sniffing the air.

   "I need to get some dog food for them mutts." Roy said to himself as he cut a
portion of steak and stuffed it into his mouth. "Best make it a large bag of dry
dog food after all I have three mutts to feed." Roy chuckled as he followed the
steak with fries.

   "One-one-thousand, two-one-thousand-three-one-thousand four..." Linda counted
to herself in order to mark time as she sucked and licked on the female dog's
pussy. "...sixty-one-thousand." Hoping that her counting was accurate to mark
the passage of a minute Linda stopped sucking the doggie pussy and resumed
walking on her knees and elbows around perimeter of the cavernous room.

   She didn't get very far. For as Rex caught whiff of the in heat female dog
that Linda had gotten the twat juices flowing he strained against the chain to
get at her. However as Linda continued to crawl pulling Rex along behind her the
big dog realized that he would not be able to get to the female dog he changed
tactics. He sped up slightly then mounted the human female he had fucked
earlier.

   Linda yelped and came to a halt as the big male dog's claws dug in to her raw
back. She hung her head down in shame as the dog's long thin prick penetrated
her pussy-tunnel. A little over a week ago she was living a normal life in
suburbia. She had a lovely home, a loving husband and daughter. Though it was a
bit dull she was satisfied with her life. Her biggest problem was trying to
decide if she would participate in the annual bake sale at her daughter high
school fair. Or attend her husband's office bash that was being held on the same
day. But now she was had been strip of all normalcy. She had fallen from that
lofty position as a suburban housewife to nothing but a Worthless Scum Sucking
Maggot Worm providing servicing holes for two dogs a pussy hole for doggie
fucking and a mouth hole with tongue action for doggie pussy sucking and
licking.

   When Rex unmounted her after firing his load of jism into her Linda resumed
her crawling while Rex licked his jism from her pussy. It took Linda ten minute
to crawl around the perimeter of the vast room before she was once again sucking
and licking on the female dog's pussy. And like the first time after she had
counted off a minute and started to move on Rex mounted and fucked her again.
After Rex finished fucking her for a second time Linda nearly climb out of her
skin when Roy's bellowing voice filled the room.

   "Maggot present your ass to me!"

   Linda scrambled on her knees and elbows over to the kitchenette table Roy was
sitting at and presented her rear to him. Dimples formed in her clinched
ass-cheeks as she steadied herself for a lashing that she was expecting.

   "Hungry boy? I bet you are. I don't have any dog food but I save you some of
my food. But I don't have a dog bowl to put it into. Whoa, wait a minute yes I
do."

   The lashing didn't come instead Linda plunged further into humiliation as Roy
started shoving table scraps into her battered pussy-hole.

   "Eat up Rex old-boy." Giggled Roy after stuffing Linda's twat full of table
scraps. He even shoved several bits of meat up her poop-chute. "After all you
need to keep you strength up if you're going to fuck that bitch all day long."

   Rex was a bit confused. He had never eaten food from the same place he fucked
before. His little brain couldn't understand it. What Rex did understand was
that he was hungry. So cautious at first Rex licked at the tasty morsels
sticking out of the human in front of him. Then he plunged his snout deep into
the human twat and started eating.

   "Ow, ow, ow!" Linda yelp as the big dog's teeth nicked the tender lining of
her pussy-hole and lips as he eagerly ate the food that Roy had stuffed into her
pussy-hole. 

   "Heal"

   Linda scrambled on her knees and elbows next to Roy as the big dog scurried
behind her eating from her pussy.

   "Sit pretty!"

   As Linda rose up on her knees Rex kept his snout shoves up her pussy-hole
eating.  Lind had risen next to her daughter's rear, whom was still bound in the
bent over strappado position.

     "It's time for your daughter to give up her second cherry."

   Linda's eyes fixed onto Roy's cock. The monstrous pulsating stiff cock
twitched about freely about over the massive egg size balls hanging low in their
sack and it was aimed right at her daughters tight star shaped entrance of her
rectum.

   "I would let you slick down Dong King first. But he knows where that mealy
mouth has been. And he wants nothing to with a doggie twat sucking mouth. So
like your daughter cherry twat her cherry pooper gets to say hello to Dong Kong
while he's completely dry" Giggled Roy as he pulled Wendy's firm ass cheeks wide
apart.

   Roy pulled so hard on the creamy half moons that Wendy thought that he was
going to tear her in half. She cried out at the pain, tears coursing down
through the tacky jism that crusted her beautiful face. Roy just laughed at her
pitiful pleading.

   This was the very worst assault that she had yet endure that Roy was now
committing on her tiny shitter. Wendy couldn't move at all. Her ass was spread
as far apart as it would go, Roy wasn't using a drop of lubrication, and even if
he had, his massive cock was far too big for Wendy's tiny, virgin shit-chute.
The tiny mouth of her asshole resisted desperately against the invasion of Roy's
huge cock-head, but slowly the tiny ring of muscle began to give way.

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEKKKKKEEEEEEE!!!!!" Wendy howled like a bangee as the
monstrous prick punched into her very, very tight rectum.

   "Love it, don't you, Cherry?" Roy hissed paddling her ass with one hand while
he guided his monstrous cock into her tiny shitter with the other.

   "OHDEARGOD MOMMY! Make him take it out!" Wendy cried desperately. Her blue
eyes alight with pain and fear. "Please MOMMY. Oh god mommy pleases! Please,
mommy! It's not supposed to be there! Please mommy, tell him to fuck my cunt."
Wendy squealed and almost passed out when Roy's gigantic prick-head popped fully
inside her asshole.

   As with her daughter's first rape and her own rapes Linda could do nothing to
aid her daughter. She had no choose in the mater. She could only kneel there
watching her daughter being sodomized by the monstrous prick sliding back and
forth while at the same time having her own pussy being used as a dog food bowl.

   "Please, Roy! Please! I'll try to make it good for you, Roy. Just please,
please go slow." Wendy pleaded with the big burly teen who was fucking her
asshole; her begging punctuated by pain-filling screams as the tiny rings of
muscle inside of her asshole gave way and tore loose under the inhuman assault
they were being subjected to. It felt as though she was shitting out a baseball
bat. But this baseball bat was impossibly, horribly, being shoved inside her,
not sliding out!

   The sixteen-year-old twitched and jerked about wildly as much as her bounds
would allow her, which wrenched her already dislocated arms even more as Roy's
massive dry cock raced along the narrow passage of her rectum. She welcomed the
pain in her shoulders. Anything that could take her attention off the unnatural
implement of her young body seemed like relief to the pain-drenched
sixteen-year-old. The pain in her shoulders was extreme, but it was nothing
compared to what was happening to he tiny shitter.

   "Now you're going to get it!" Roy gasped, locking his hands around her
shapely hips. "Get ready for a ride, bitch!" I hope Dong Kong don't mess you up
too bad!"

   "Slow!" Wendy cried, squirming against the brutal handholds of the powerful
x-football player. "Please, Roy! Easy! Please, go easy!"

   He didn't go, easy. Roy grinned then stabbed his monstrous prick deep into
the tiny tunnel of Wendy's shitter. Letting his huge-cock do its brutal best to
ruin her tiny shit-chute.

   It was like nothing Wendy had ever felt before. Roy's huge cock tore her tiny
asshole apart. Inch after inch of hugely thick fuck-meat plunged up her tight
asshole, tearing loose her ass muscles, spreading the tiny chute wider then it
had ever been meant to go.

   It felt to Wendy as though a new hole was being drilled in her body. Her
shitter was tearing and the sharp agony of her asshole being split sent lighting
bolts of agony shooting up her back and down her long, slender legs. She broke
out into a sweat even though it was cold in the torture chamber, and she twisted
madly against the gripping burly hands that were clutched around her slender
waist.

   Roy clenched his eyes shut against the exquisite pleasure Wendy's tiny,
constricted shitter was giving him. Her ass-chute was so tight and so hot that
he was already close to cumming. He plunged his cock into her little shitter
until his heavy balls smacked against the pink lips of her pussy. By the time he
pulled back out it took every bit of control he had to keep from blowing his
load inside her.

   Wendy gasped for air like a fish out of water; her body trembling and slick
with sweat as Roy buried thirteen inches of arm-thick cock up her tiny, torn
shitter. She couldn't breathe. She couldn't move. Pain flared up her spine and
through her stomach and down her creamy soft inner thighs. Every bit of her
awareness was concentrated on her spread shitter, and the huge cock that was
making it burst at its seams.

   It was a hundred times worst then when Roy's monstrous cock ripped its way
through her hymen and ten times worst when the prick head blasted into her womb.
She didn't even have the benefit of passing out. For before he stepped behind
her Roy had broken another ampoule of smelling salt on the bed under her nose.

   When Roy pulled his cock back out of Wendy's wounded asshole. His prick was
smeared with shit and dripping with blood. He laughed so hard that he nearly
toppled over. After he regained his balance he fucked Dong Kong back inside her.

   "Slow!" Wendy cried hopelessly, her voice almost inaudible over her ragged
gasping. "Roy, please, slow! Go slow?AHHHHHH! Slow!"

   "Hurts, doesn't it?" Roy asked, his eyes gleaming with satisfaction as he
stabbed his massive cock through the tatters of Wendy's asshole. But you still
like it, you stuck-up little thieving slut! Cunts like you spend their whole
fucking lives teasing men. But here slut you're to be put to work doing what you
were made for! FUCKING!"

   "Hurts, Roy!" Wendy moaned in a tiny voice. Hurts, bad! Please go easy!
Please slow down!"

   Roy laughed and fucked Wendy even harder and faster. Thrusting his cock
through her tattered shitter like a hard-striking pile driver. The wet tug and
pull of her ass-chute on his enormous cock was pulling him quickly towards
orgasm, but he was too excited to slow down. Wendy's shitter was damp with blood
and sweat and fuck-lube, and the lubrication made the fucking easier and more
enjoyable for the sadistic teen.

   Things weren't getting any easier for Wendy, though, every thrust of Roy's
cock into her shredded asshole felt like the running of a white-hot poker
through her tender body. She could hear the wet slurping noises that was coming
from her asshole with every stroke of Roy's massive cock, and she knew that he
had torn her open. Even the terrifying knowledge that she'd been fucked bloody
on his huge cock was nothing compared to the continuing pain of having his prick
fucked deep inside her bowels.

   Wendy's lean, sinuous body writher in the hands that were clutched around her
and the cable that stretched her arm above her. Her lean calf muscles twitched
and burn from being force up on the toe tips. Her wide-open blue eyes were
glazed, and her mouth hung limply open. Her sexy, round ass cheeks flexed in and
out, and her asshole dilated around the jabbing stalk of Roy's big cock. Her
creamy white skin was bathed in glistening sweat. Every muscle in her lean, sexy
body trembled. She was being overwhelmed by the ass-fuck, and she was starting
to lose control of her body.

   "Roy!" she cried breathlessly, feeling the fist-size head of his cock
reaching almost to her chest with every punishing thrust. "Hurting me bad, Roy!
Please Roy! You're hurting me so bad!"

   "You love it, gutter-slut!" Roy growled, fucking her shitter with his cock,
making her ass cheeks bounce and jiggle delightfully with every pile-driven
thrust. "You're the kind of whore who'll loves everything I do to you."

   Wendy whimpered with shame and pain because Roy was right. She felt paralyzed
from the cock-torture Roy was giving her, but for some reason she couldn't
comprehend her cunt was twitching and bubbling with cunt cream, and even her
torn bloody ass was starting to feel hot and itchy with the slid of Roy's
monstrous prick. Her injured asshole began to twist and tug on Roy's hard
ramming cock. Contracting her shitter around his monstrous cock made the pain a
thousand times worse, but Wendy couldn't stop it.

   "I'm about to cum slut get ready!" Roy seethed as he lay across her back.

   He released his grip from around her slim waist then dug his steely fingers
around her purple, ballooned tits. Then he used her tits for handles, pulling
her back against his brutalizing cock in perfect tempo with his powerful
fuck-thrusts.

   Wendy couldn't beg Roy anymore. She couldn't scream. All she could was hang
by her backward stretched arms passively as Roy continued to drill her with his
still rigid monstrous cock. She was hardly conscious at all, cock-beaten almost
to the point of insensibility. Roy pulled her against him by her firm tits, and
then pushed her back forward with his ass-savaging fuck-stroke. Wendy twitched
and trembled beneath him, her sexy, supple body bathed in sweat. Another orgasm
made her cunt squirt and twitch, but the only outward sign was a long, dreamy
moan and a slight rippling of her hips.

   And then Roy filled her shit-chute with jism. Wendy screamed, but her voice
was so weak that it couldn't be heard over the squishing, sucking emitted from
her shitter. She squirmed, but she was like a fly caught in a web. Roy's jism
burned into her torn shit-chute like liquid fire. Wendy felt more dirty, more
degraded then she ever had as he administered a fuck-slime enema.

   When Roy pulled his huge cock from Wendy's wrecked shitter, cum and blood
began to pour out of the torn, stretched hole. Roy laughed and made jokes, and
Wendy trembled in pain, fear, and shame. When Roy came around to her face and
showed her his cock, she cried at the bloody, shit-streaked mess she saw. But
when he rubbed it over her face, staining her beautiful features, another orgasm
rippled through her.

   Linda watched in horror as her daughter wantonly wiggled ass invitingly as if
she wanted Roy to plough his prick back into her shitter. The same horribly
stretched shitter that had pink colored jism squirting out it.

   "Patrol!" Roy snapped as he got into bed.

   Linda dropped down onto her elbows and started crawling around the perimeter
of the vast room once again.

   "Cherry clean your mess..." Roy giggled at his own pun. "...off of Dong
Kong."

   Wendy stared at Roy's cock that was completely coated with a thick layer of
his jism mixed with her own blood and shit. She couldn't bring herself to lick
that filthy thing. So she clamp her mouth closed and turned her head away.

    When Wendy didn't respond as he wanted he pushed the up button on the hoist
control next to the bed.

   "EEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKEEEEEEE!!!!!" Wendy howled, as her strappado wrist lifted
her off the floor. The way her ankles were bound, Wendy's feet were only lifted
a couple of inched off the floor. But the cable attached to her handcuffs
continued to pull her arms upward.

   As Wendy felt the muscles rip and tear in her arms she snapped her head back
around and zipped her tongue out of her mouth and started to lick her own bloody
shit and Roy's jism that was coating his prick. As soon as she started to clean
the filthy prick Roy lower her until she was once again standing on the very
tips of her toes.

   While her daughter cleaned a human cock Linda crawl for ten minute, stopped
suck and licked a doggie pussy for one minute and have her pussy-tunnel doggie
fuck for three minutes then crawl once again. Four nearly six hours that was the
only thing that occupied Linda's and her daughter's time as Roy slept.




     CHAPTER ELEVEN:

  

   When Roy woke up he looked down at Dong Kong who was standing up like a
flagpole. Roy reached down and grabbed Wendy by her ears. He jerked her head up
and over Dong Kong. Roy snickered, "Open wide Cherry its time to give up your
last cherry."

   As soon as Wendy open her mouth wide he yanked down on Wendy's ears. "Suck
that cock, you trashy slut! Just like you do with a thick milkshake."

   Wendy Gagged, howling with revulsion as Roy's fat cock stretched her lips and
pushed her jaws wide apart. She tried to jerk her head away, but Roy's hands
held tightly onto her ears so that she could not move her head back. There was
nothing Wendy could do as Roy pulled her head down forcing his fat, long cock to
slide over her tongue and into the warm, wet cavity of her mouth.

   Wendy screamed around the throat-clogging girth of Roy's huge prick when she
felt the first pressure of Roy's cock-head against the entrance of her throat.

   "Maggot, come look at the silly little bitch of yours take cock!" Roy shouted
happily, pulling Wendy's head forward by her ears and pumping his hips at her
face as though he was fucking a cunt instead of a mouth. "She loves it! Your
daughter is nothing but slutty whore!"

   Linda scurried on her knees and elbows over to Roy. Once next to the bed she
rose up on her knees and watched Roy face fuck her daughter.

   Roy gritted his teeth with pleasure as he held Wendy's head in place and
spitted her beautiful face on the long, fat length of his prick. Her lips were
stretched obscenely around the huge girth of his cock. Her throat worked
convulsively in a vain, desperate effort to expel the thirteen inches of wrist
thick fuck-rod he was pushing down her gullet. Roy drove relentlessly forward,
feeding her all thirteen inches of his massive prick. By the time her pretty
chin was resting on his balls Wendy was gagging and thrashing wildly. Her face
was turning blue from the lack of oxygen.

   Roy was jerking Wendy's head back and forth in order to fuck her mouth with
just as much vigor as he had fucked her cunt and shitter. He bludgeoned his fat
prick back and forth through the restrictive tunnel of her throat, delighting in
the way her gagging made it constrict around the fat stock. Wendy's mouth was
filled with spit, and her saliva ran back down Roy's long hard fuck-pole in
sparkling rivers. She was swallowing convulsively in a vain attempt to clear her
mouth of the spit, every time she did, her tongue rubbed over the sensitive
underside of Roy's cock. He knew that was going to cum very soon.

   "Lick it, trashy bitch!" he shouted, pulling back until his huge, spit
slicked cock-head was resting against Wendy's lush lips. "Lick that big
wonderful prick! Lick it and kiss it and make it spit all over your nasty little
face!"

   Her mouth was already chalky with the hot, slimy taste of his fuck-lube. The
taste of pre-cum and the fleshy, bland taste of his cock were already making it
a struggle for her to keep from vomiting. Roy jerked her face around and rubbed
his leaking cock all over her pert nose and full lips. Wendy's beautiful face
was already plastered with jism, and she barely noticed the new coat of
fuck-lube that Roy was laying on. His cock was buried halfway down her throat
making it bulge obscenely.  She squirmed her lips through the wiry hair at the
root of his prick Her chin quivered across the crinkled bag of his balls.

   Roy gushed cum strait into Wendy's stomach. Roy continued to deep throat the
sixteen-year-old. After the second load of the hot gooey stuff caused her
concave stomach to bloat Roy withdraw the throbbing Dong Kong from the tight
restrictive confines of her throat. As the thick bulbous head popped clear of
the tight passage Dong Kong rabbit fuck Wendy's mouth. The third load of spunk
blasted out and rapidly filled what little room left inside her well-stuffed
mouth up with sperm. The hot gooey male seed backed up into her nasal passage
and shot out of her nose. Wendy coughed and choke on the jism that shot through
her nose, As Roy withdrew Dong Kong from her mouth gooey jism filled the void
left behind. Half her mouthful of cum poured out between her moistly parted lips
as the massive mushroom head popped out of her widely stretched mouth.

   Dong Kong was jerking wildly with each powerful discharge, as it cleared her
lips. Like a loose fire hose the spurting cock jerked wildly about as Roy's
cum-spewing cock sprayed fuck-slime across her face. Blasting into her eyes
gluing them shut and left fat globs of cum hanging from her long red lashes. Cum
drooled down her cheeks and rolled down the slender sides of her nose. As the
powerful spurts began to dwindle down Roy jerked Wendy's head back and forth
filling her ears with the last of the third load goo.

   "Clean!"

   As Wendy licked and sucked up the latest coating of spunk off of Roy's limp
prick and groin Roy begin ticking off on his fingers as he spoke.

   "Let's see, worthless twat, brat oven, steamy poop-chute, mealy mouth,
slippery gullet, bulging tummy, fountaining nose, tacky eyes and plugged ears.
Yep that's all of them.  There isn't a cherry hole or cavity left on that
whorish body of yours. Its there Cherry?"

   Wendy recoiled in shame and disgust as she gurgled through the jism in her
mouth, "No My Lord and Master there is no a single hole or cavity on my whorish
body that is still cherry."

   "Well I guess that the name Cherry Twat no longer fits you. Now does it?"

   "No My Lord and Master the name Cherry Twat is no longer suitable for this
whore."

   "Well then what should we call you? Hmmmm! I've got it since you love to get
fuck and can't get enough jism to please you along with that pig like squealing
you like to do this will be your new name, Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet
Fucktoy. What to you think about your name whore?"

   "My Lord and Master, I think that Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet Fucktoy is a
name best suited for a squealing, fuck loving jism starved whore such as
myself." Wendy sobbed shamefully.

     "What do you think Maggot? Like your daughter's new name?"

   "ARF! ARF!" Linda responded.

   SMACK! THUD!

   Linda flew off her knees by the powerful blow across her face and landed with
a heavy thud on the floor.

   "SAY IT BITCH!" Roared Roy.

   "I love the name Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet Fucktoy that My Lord and
Master has given my whorish daughter."

   "Patrol!"

   Linda scrambled to her knees and elbows and resumed her endless track around
the room. The only good thing about was that the big dog had finally fucked
himself out so that just left Linda her ten-minute circuit of the cavernous room
and her one-minute of sucking and licking of the female dog sex organ.

   "Well Fucktoy what do you want to do?" Chuckled Roy as he swatted Wendy's
left ballooned tit.

   "Please My Lord and Master, would you be so kind as to ask Dong Kong to fuck
one of my holes and give me some of that wonderful jism of his. Please My Lord
and Master, will you do that for me?" Wendy pleaded with the sexiest voice she
could muster.

   "Sorry Piglet but Dong Kong Is a bit sleepy. You'll just have to put your
wanton sexual appetite on hold you slutty little whore." Giggled Roy as he trip
the hoist release that was holding Wendy up.

   "Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you. My Lord and Master, thank you for
letting me down." Blubbered Wendy as she crashed into the soft fluffy bed.

   "Well you have put in a marginal productive day so you deserve a little down
time." Roy giggled at his own pun as he released Wendy's wrist from the
handcuffs.

   Wendy yelped in agonizing pain as her dislocated arms slid down off her back
to her sides. She glanced at her shoulders and wept bitterly at the sight of the
odd angle her arms stuck above her shoulders. She wanted to bring her wrist
around so she could see her burning wrist where the unrelenting metal cuffs had
been. But it hurt too much to try to get her dislocated arms to move so she
abandoned the attempt.

   "Onto your back Piglet." Roy chuckled after releasing her ankles.

   Wendy drew her legs painfully together and used them to roll over onto her
back. "Eeekkk!" Wendy squealed has she rolled onto her right arm and she
squealed even louder when Roy tossed her left arm which had slid across her
chest when she rolled over; back down onto the soft bed.

   Roy sat down next to her and worked a pair of clippers between the plastic
band and the breast tissue it was crushing. The base of Wendy's crushed left
breast sprang back out when the plastic band was cut. And just like a deflating
balloon the purple breast lost its stretched ball shape to lay normally upon her
heaving chest. With in seconds the plastic band crushing Wendy's right breast
into a ballooned shape was also cut.

   "Oh thank you My Lord and Master! Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank
you!" Wendy mewed as her ballooned right breast deflated.

   Wendy wanted to massage her throbbing breasts but it hurt too much to move
her arms. So she laid there motionless looking at her purple deflated breasts as
they wobbled like jello upon her heaving chest. They began to tingle as the long
dormant nerves had fresh blood pumped to them. Just as the two breasts dark
purple hue began to lighten Wendy's passiveness ended as the nerves roared to
full life.

   "AAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEEEKKKKKEEEEEE!!!!" Wendy howled with animalistic fervor
and she began thrashing upon the bed like a wild bronco. The agonizing pain in
her dislocated arms was completely forgotten as hideous, excruciating, mind
blowing pain exploded in her breasts. During her spastic like fits Wendy slid
off the bed and onto the floor. She howled and writhed across the floor trying
to quill the fiery pain exploding throughout her breasts.

   Roy was laughing so hard that he had rolled over onto side on the bed. Being
the first set of boobies that he had ever released from such sever bondage he
did not expect the reaction he got from the sixteen-year-old as her long dormant
nerves woke up. He loved it. Simply loved the way the excruciating pain made his
little Fucktoy react.

   On hearing her daughter's blood curdling scream Linda looked back over her
shoulder as she continued her patrol the cavernous room. She saw Roy laying on
his side laughing hard and her daughter squirming around on the floor screaming
at the top of her lungs. Linda shivered to the core as she wonder what hideous
thing the sadistic teen had done to her daughter to cause her so much agony.

   When Roy got his sidesplitting laughter under control he sat up and scanned
the room for his other Fucktoy. He found the older Fucktoy licking and sucking
the bitch dog's pussy.

   Maggot 'Sit Pretty' and get your worthless ass over here!" Snapped Roy
through his giggling.

   Linda instantly stopped servicing the doggy pussy and rose up on her knees.
She then scrambled upon her knees to where Roy was sitting.

   Roy loved the way his older Fucktoy purple ballooned breasts bobbed and
weaved as it scrambled towards him. As the Fucktoy knelt before him trembling
with fear Roy exam its jutting ballooned breasts. The nipples and one-third of
the upper portions of both breasts were scraped raw from constantly dragging
them across the rough cement floor as it patrolled. Though they were scrapped
raw there was very little blood. Only a few droplets oozed from the tautly
ballooned purple orbs. Roy reached over and grabbed the cable that had held
Wendy over his bed.

   WHACK! WHACK!"

   Linda howled and collapsed to the floor as the steel cable slashed across her
breasts. When Linda collapsed Rex growled and lunged at Roy snarling and
snapping.

   Roy was caught off guard by the big lunging dog and he hurtled himself
backwards on pure reflex and rolled off the other side of the bed. If it were
not for the chain around his neck that was secured to Linda's waist Rex's
initial attack would have been successful. But luckily for Roy the chain snap
taunt stopping Rex's snapping teeth a mere few inches from Roy's flesh. Rex
continued to snarl and snap as her strained against the chain. Ever so slowly he
began pulling the howling squirm human that he was chain to.

   Rex was half way across the bed by time Roy got up off the floor. He made a
quick loop in the cable that he was still clutching and lassoed Rex with it. He
then pushed the up button on the hoist control. Roy lifted Rex until his back
paws were barely touching the floor.

   "Maggot stop that squawking and 'Sit Pretty'!" Snapped Roy.

   Linda choked back her ululations and struggled up onto her knees.

   "Maggot, I guess that your lover doesn't like anyone messing with the twat
he's fucking. But, as you're worthless twat knows I don't let my Fucktoys attack
me much less a dog." Roy sat on the bed next to Rex. Even though the big dog was
almost hanging he snarled and snapped at Roy.

   "NO REX! BAD BOY!" Roy shouted as he reached under the snarling snapping dog
and grabbed the dog's dangling nuts in his powerful hand.

   Rex let out a long anguishing howl as Roy crushed, twisted and jerked the dog
testes. When Roy released the crushing pressure On Rex's balls the big dog once
again tried to bite Roy resulting in his testis once again being crushed,
twisted and jerked. By the time an hour had passed the whimpering big dog made
no effort to bite Roy even when he pushed his muscular arm into the big dogs
mouth.

   Happy that the big dog had learned his lesson Roy tied one end of a long
length of sisal cord tightly around the testis he had been abusing and the other
end to the bedpost. Then Roy lowered Rex to the floor and removed the cable from
around his throat. The whimpering big dog scurried under the bed and began to
lick his throbbing acing nuts.

   "Now to see if the mutt has learned who's the master around here"

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "AAARRRGGGGEEEE!!!!" Linda howled, as the steel cable etched is way across
her purple-ballooned breasts.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "AAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"

   Though Rex momentary stopped licking her balls he did nothing as Roy continue
to lash Linda's breasts with the cable while she howled in anguish. Rex remained
cowering under the bed whimpering.

   "Good now we all know just who the MASTER is around here." Snapped Roy after
lashing Linda's breasts a dozen times. Maggot you're to remain right where you
are till I get back!"

   Linda watched Roy as he headed for the mock security office. When he was out
of sight she shifted her eyes to the cowering whimpering big dog that had
resumed licking his tortured nuts.

   Though she hated it every time Rex mounted and fucked her Linda heart went
out to the poor thing, who tried to defend her an hour ago. Unlike the sadistic
teen Rex bore no malice towards her. His simple brain was just coping with a
situation the best it could. All he knew was that Linda's cunt at first smelled
like a female dog in heat. The very same scent of the dog he had fucked earlier
mixed with his own sexual scent. So instinct took control of his aroused body
and fucked the familiar scented cunt even though it was a human cunt. And every
time he passed the real dog in heat he tried to reach her but fasten to the
crawling human he was unable to mount the female dog so he settled for human
cunt to quill his sexual urge.

   "Oh mommy I'm so very sorry. It's all my fault. Please forgive me mommy."
Wendy sobbed that was riddle with yelps and moans of pain.

   Linda looked over her shoulder at her daughter sitting behind her. She
instantly noticed that Wendy was completely unbound. Even her breasts were no
longer being crushed in to balloon shape though they were a nasty red color
instead of creamy light tan. "There's nothing to forgive honey. It's not your
fault. It's not your fault at all." Linda murmured softly trying to comfort her
daughter. "Honey could you come over here and release me?"

   "Oh mommy I hurt too bad."

   "I know honey but we need to get out of here before that madman comes back.
So try Honey. Please try real hard."

   "Ok mommy I'll try."

   Linda watch her daughter lean forward as she tried to get up. She shuddered
as she saw the two bumps protruding from her daughter's shoulders caused by her
dislocated arm ball sockets.

   Wendy didn't bother to get to her feet instead she crawled over to her mother
left side on her knees. "Aaarrrgggeeee!" Wendy yelped as she forced her arms to
move so that her hands could grasp the thin plastic band welding her mother's
lower arm to her upper arm. "Hurts mommy! It hurts real bad!" Wendy whimpered.

   "I know honey but you have to free me. We haven't much time so come on honey
free me. I know you can do it."

   Wendy's whimpering turned to yelps of anguish as she tug on the plastic
strap. After several attempts Wendy wept, "I can't mommy. It's too strong. I
can't break the band. I'm sorry mommy. I tried really I did its just too
strong."

   "I know honey. I know but listen, what did Roy use to free your breasts?"

   Wendy looked down at her red breast and the nasty circles running around the
base of them. "My Lord and Master used a pair of clippers mommy."

   Linda's heart sank as her daughter automatically referred to their torturer
as her Lord and Master. "Do you know what he did with the clippers?"

   "No mommy. I'm sorry I don't know what My Lord and Master did with the
clippers."

   Linda quickly scanned the area where Roy was sitting. She saw the shiny
clippers lying on the bed partly covered by the quilt. "There honey on the bed.
The clippers are on the bed. Go get them and cut the bands off of me."

   Wendy crawled over to the bed and picked up the clippers.

   "Hurry honey. You must hurry."

   With the cutters in hand Wendy returned to her mother as quickly as she
could.

   Roy who had been watching his two Fucktoys from the shadows for some time
stepped out and bellowed just as Wendy worked the clippers between her mother's
left arm and the plastic band. "PIGLET WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!"

   Wendy turned ash white and let loose of the clippers, which stayed trapped
between Lind's left arm and the band. "Oh God I'm sorry! I'm sorry My Lord and
Master. I'm sorry for being a bad little whore. Please don't punish me. I won't
do it again." Wendy sobbed with fear as she backed crawled on her knees till she
bumped into the bed.

   Roy strutted over to the bed and dropped the items he had gotten from the
mock security office.

   Thud!

   "OOFFFF!" Wendy gasped and doubled over from the kick Roy delivered to her
gut.

   "Did I ask for bitch prattle? I don't think so! Now tell me what you were
doing with Maggot!"

   "My Lord and Master, I was trying to fre..."

   "UGH! Wendy yelped when Roy's boot slammed into the side of her head.

   "Stand and look me in the eye when speaking to me WHORE!"

   Wendy scrambled up off the floor and stood directly in front of him and
looked him strait in the eyes. "My Lord and Master, I was trying to free my
mother."

   Smack!

   Wendy flew off her feet and crash down onto the floor from Al powerful
backhand across her face.

   "What's this mother crap. That thing over there has a name. USE IT!"

   Wendy scrambled back up off the floor in front of Roy. "My Lord and Master, I
was trying to free Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm."

   SMACK!

   "Did I give you permission to do that?"

   "Wendy scrambled back off the floor. "No, My Lord and Master, you didn't give
me permission to free Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot Worm."

   Roy went over to Linda and yanked the clippers from between her left arm and
the plastic band then returned to the trembling sixteen-year-old.

   SMACK!

   Wendy crashed to the floor.

   THUD!

   After kicking Wendy in the head he bellowed, "On your back WHORE!"

   When Wendy rolled onto her back Roy placed his foot between her breasts and
pressed downwards.

   "HANDS!"

   With anguishing effort Wendy lifted her arms and presented her hands to the
sadistic teen towering over her.

   Roy grabbed Wendy's left pinky finger and slipped the sharp blades of the
clippers around the base of it. "Well Piglet to keep them hands of yours out of
mischief we're going to remove these digits from them."

   Wendy was too petrified to speak or move as the sharp blades close around her
pinky. Though Wendy was too frighten to do anything her mother wasn't

   "Please My Lord and Master don't! It's not Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet
Fucktoy fault. I told her to set me free. Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet Fucktoy
was only obeying an order given to her. So please My Lord and Master do not
punish Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet Fucktoy for being a dutiful slave. Please
My Lord and Master."

   Having watched the entire episode Roy know what had transpired but he
continued to pretend that he had no knowledge of what had transpired. "Piglet is
that true? Were you obeying a command given to you by that thing over there?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master. I was only doing what Worthless Scum Sucking Maggot
Worm commanded me to do." Wendy whined as the sharp blades cut into the flesh of
her left pinky finger.

   "Well in that case I'll let you keep your digits then."

   Though she could feel a trickle of blood run down her hand and out stretched
arm Wendy let out a long deep sigh of relief when Roy released the pressure on
the cutters around her pinky and tossed them onto the bed.

   "Here let me help you up." Roy shifted his grip from the bleeding pinky to
her left wrist and grabbed the other wrist also. While keeping his boot pressing
firmly down between Wendy's breasts he yanked Wendy's arms upward.

   POP! POP!

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEE" Wendy howled as her arms were wrenched back into their
shoulder sockets.

   "Ops! I guess that I should have remove this first." Roy giggled as he ground
his boot in to Wendy's chest. "Oh-well Piglet maybe next time I'll remember. But
in the meantime, we need to get something strait. Get to your fucking feet
BITCH!" Roy snapped as raked his boot down Wendy's chest leaving a bright red
abraded streak in its wake.

   "AAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!!" Wendy howled. She quickly scrambled to her feet and
fixed her eyes onto Roy's.

   "Who am I?" Snapped Roy

   "My Lord and Master, you are My Lord and Master." Wendy mewed.

   "What is that thing over there?" Growled Roy as he pointed at Linda.

   "My Lord and Master that is Worthless, Scum Sucking Maggot Worm."

   SMACK!

   "Did I ask for its name? I don't think so! Now WHAT is it?"

   Trembling with fear Wendy looked up at the seventeen-year-old towering over
her uncertain what to say. Roy had used so many foul and debasing descriptions
for not only her mother but herself as well. She didn't know which one Roy
wanted her to use. Wendy scrambled back to her feet and stuttered. "My Lord and
Master, I don't know what Worthless, Scum Sucking Maggot Worm is."

   "Well maybe you need a closer look!" Roy sunk his powerful fingers in to
Wendy's bright pink breasts until the soft malleable flesh oozed through the
gaps in his fingers. Roy jerked Wendy by her breasts until her face was slammed
into her mother's.

   "Now Piglet is that thing a master or a doggie's fucktoy?"

   "My Lord and Master, that thing issss...AAAARRRRGGGGEEEEE" Wendy screeched as
Roy yanked her upwards by her breasts he was clutching very tightly until her
toes barley touched the floor.

   "NAME! I shall not warn you again!"

   Gasping and shuttering as Roy held her up by her breasts Wendy responded with
anguish filled stutters, "My Lord and Master, Worthless, Scum Sucking Maggot
Worm is a doggie's fucktoy."

   "Then why is a human fucktoy accepting orders from a doggie fucktoy?"

   "I don't know My Lord and Master. Please forgive me. It won't happen again I
promise."

   Wendy scrambled on her tiptoes as Roy lead her to the whip rack by her
breasts. She slumped to her left enough to plant her left foot on the floor as
Roy released her left breast to grab a twelve-inch ruler off the whip rack.

   "Piglet rise that left hand to booby level knuckles up palm flat!"

   With pain shooting through her reset shoulder Wendy complied with Roy's
command.

   WHACK!

   "AAARRRGGGEEE!" Wendy yelped and snatched her hand away till it was behind
her back.

   "Piglet put that had back where it was!"

   Wendy did what she was told. Through tear bleary eyes Wendy saw dark red line
stretching across the fingers of her left hand caused by the ruler.

   "Piglet if you move that hand again it will be digit snip-snip time."

   Though Wendy howled and did a little jig each time Roy struck her fingers
with the ruler Wendy kept her hand in place.

   After the tenth blow from the ruler Roy barked, "Palm up!"

   With her hand trembling like a leaf Wendy turned her hand over. Roy delivered
another ten wicked strokes with the ruler. These blazed across Wendy's palm.
When finished Roy shoved the ruler into Wendy's mouth until she started to gag.

   "Hold!"

   Wendy, bit down on the ruler protruding out of her mouth. Roy crushingly
grasped Wendy's breasts and hoisted her back up on her toes. He shook her by her
breasts several times before releasing his grip on her right mammary gland.
Wendy slumped to her right.

   "HAND!" Snapped Roy as he yanked the ruler out of Wind's mouth.

   The sobbing sixteen-year-old lifted her right hand with knuckles up which Roy
promptly smacked with the wooden ruler ten brutal times.

   "Palm!"

   Wendy turned her hand over to receive the ten sting blows across the palm of
the upturned hand. Wendy collapsed to the floor sobbing when Roy released his
grip on her left breast. She tucked both of her sting hands into her armpits to
comfort them.

    Roy walked over to bed and sat. "Piglet quit your whining and get that lazy
ass over here pronto.

   Wendy stifled her sobbing as she scrambled over the Roy.

   "Hands!"

   Wendy pulled her hand from her arm pits and extended them to Roy."

   Roy grabbed Wendy's hands tightly turning them to and thro to inspected them.
"Well Piglet do you think the taps to these has helped you to remember who gives
you commands to obey?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, you My Lord and Master is the only one who's
commands I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy are to obey."

   "Good!" Snapped Roy as he released Wendy's hands. See that you don't forget
it! "

   Though her hands were sting and throbbing even more from Roy's ruff
manhandling Wendy held her hand towards Roy.

   "Maggot on your back and present that disgusting doggie's twat to me!"
Growled Roy as he picked up the ruler he had place on the bed next to him.

   With dread Linda crawled on her kneed closer to Roy the flopped onto her
back. She snapped her folded legs wide and pooched her pussy towards Roy.

   WHACK!

   "AAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEEE!!!!!" Linda howled as the wooden ruler streaked across
her battered pussy. She snapped her folded legs together.

   Rex whimpered and crawled further under the bed that Linda's forwarded
movement allotted him.

   "Maggot either take the ruler or is my boot followed by the ruler!"

   Linda spread her legs wide and pooched her pussy back out.

   "Now if you move again it's to the poles where you will be lifted four feet
up off the floor. And there will be no squawking.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Linda bit down on her lips hard enough to make them bleed in order to
squished the screams that wanted to burst forth as the ruler blazed across her
battered pussy. She desperately wanted to close her legs to protect her sex. But
the promise of being stretch out some four feet off the floor followed by
another booting and swatting form the ruler convinced her to keep her folded
legs spread wide.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "Good! Now we are going to learn the hierarchy around here."

   WHACK!

   "First, there is me. Your Lord and Master."

   WHACK!

   "Second, the human fucktoy."

   WHACK!

   "Third, that whimpering mutt under the bed."

   WHACK!

   "Forth, the bitch dog over there."

   WHACK!

   "And lastly there is you the doggie's fucktoy.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "Now do we know our importance around here?"

   "Arf! Arf!" Linda barked weakly to let the seventeen-year-old with the ruler
know that she understood her exact position she had been reduced to.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "Maggot you are so low on the hierarchy table that if a rat comes along he is
above you. If he wants to nibble on that worthless body of yours you are to
remain motionless and silent allowing him to feast."

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Even if a cockroach or any other vermin wants to make a home in or on that
worthless body of yours you are to let them for they are also higher in status
then you are."

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "Understand Maggot?"

   "RATS! COCKROACHES! Are they down here?" Linda howled with fear to herself.
She yearned to look around to see if she could see any signs of the vermin but
her fear of angering Roy so she kept her eyes riveted on the sadistic teen.
"ARF! ARF!" Linda barked out loud to indicate to her Lord and Master that she
understood her status in Roy's insane world.

   "Sit pretty Maggot!"

   As she scrambled to her knees Linda let out a deep sigh of relief when Roy
laid down the wooden ruler; but her heart jumped up into her throat when the
sadistic teen picked up the tin sheers.

   "Now Maggot if we forget about the hierarchy around here or if we partake in
another escape attempt we will loses each and every one of our fingers.
Understand Maggot?" Giggled Roy as he slowly open and closed the tin-snipers.

    "ARF! ARF!"

   "Piglet now that I've finished decherrying you I'll let us get dress. Put
this on," Roy snapped, throwing a rubber outfit in her face. "I'm going to time
you, and every minute it takes you to squeeze your slutty little body into that
baby means ten lashes across your twat with the ruler just like mommy." Roy
watched with great joy while the striped and welted sixteen-year-old pulled on
the shameful rubber costume he had given her.

   Agonizing pain roared through Wendy's hands as she flexed her aching fingers
to unfold the black rubber outfit. When she slipped her foot into the right leg
of the outfit she realized how hard it was going to be to put it on, she cried
like a baby.

   Wendy was a tall slender, girl, but the rubber jumpsuit was half her size,
the rubber was so thin that it molded to every bump and contour on her sexy
legs. It was so tight that it made Wendy think she might smother if she put it
on. It took every ounce of strength she had to pull it up her long, lean legs.
By the time she had stretched it painfully around her lush, creamy thighs, Wendy
was completely exhausted.

   "Three minutes," Roy said with a disappointed sigh. "You got a long way to
go, Piglet."

   The crotch of the leather suit had a slit that allowed the swollen pink lips
of Wendy's cunt and the tight dark crevice of her ass to be lewdly displayed.
Wendy's slender arms trembled with effort of pulling the skintight rubber up
over her full, sexy whipped ass. She looked like some lewd exotic dancer,
twisting and jerking her sexy little body around the cold basement floor. Wendy
pulled the rubber slowly and painfully up her torso.

   Pulling the rubber suit over her tits was the most painfully part of all. The
rubber crushed her 38-inch D-cup tits, flattening them against her chest and
spreading them until they looked like two soft comfortable pillows. They were
two-dime size steel rings vulcanized into the rubber suit. The steel ring holes
allow her nipples to poke out of the rubber suit crushing her breasts but didn't
allowed the dime sized hole to be stretch out. With her tits crushed so cruelly
by the tight rubber, the nubs of flesh swelled and throbbed. Her nipples spiked
out unbelievably hard and long. Roy leaned over and pinched them until Wendy
squirmed with pain and cried for him to stop. He just pinched them harder, then
check his watch.

   "Six minutes, Piglet," he said with a shake of his head. "That means sixty
lashes. Shit, your not going to have any skin left on that sweet little twat by
the time I'm done with you."

   "Whore, you've got a lot of improving to do!" Roy growled as Wendy pulled the
rubber over her arms and onto her shoulders. "As far as I'm concerned, you've
got little-girl tits, a stuck-up face, and a scrawny body! And you don't know
how to fuck or suck worth a shit! You better shape up fucking fast, or there's
not going to be any of you fucking left to fuck!" Growled Roy

   Wendy finally got the tiny rubber suit on Roy's jovial voice filled the
cavernous room. "Shit mommy," Roy said, raspy-voice with lust. "Look at the
bitch now!"

   The rubber suit molded every line and curve of Wendy's sleek, sexy body. Her
long, lean legs her full, curvy ass, hourglass waist, and high, proud tits all
look as though they had been coated in a thin layer of shining black paint. Her
nipples bulged out like long thumb size throbbing rubber erasers. The plump
bulge of her pussy jutted obscenely through the crotch opening in the tight
rubber suit. Even the way the exhausted, sexy sixteen-year-old moved, her svelte
body writhing slowly, sinuously with pain and fatigue, added to the sexiness of
Roy was seeing. Dong Kong was screaming to go drilling.

   So Roy threw his fucktoy onto the bed and slammed Dong Kong into her abused
pussy. After twice raping all three of her holes Roy had Wendy lick Dong Kong
clean once again. "Now that Dong Kong has had a nice ride wouldn't it be nice if
we also had a nice long ride on out very own 'horsy'?"

   "Please don't make me do anything right now! Let me rest for just a second!
Please! Just a second and then I'll do whatever you want!"

   "But Piglet we don't want to miss out on our 'horsy ride'  now do we?"
Giggled Roy.

   "No My Lord and Master. I, Piglet The Sex Crazed Nymphet Fucktoy would not
like to miss out on its 'horsy ride'." Whimpered the pain wrack Wendy.




CHAPTER TWELVE

  

   Roy reached down and grabbed the sleek rubber clad teen off the bed by her
hair "Please My Lord and Master!" Wendy moaned, too tired to scream at the pain
that burned through her scalp. After standing her on her feet Roy spun the teen
around. When Roy released his grip on her hair Wendy wobbled upon her feet but
manage to remain standing.

   Roy pulled Wendy's arms behind her back. He then snapped a pair of handcuffs
around Wendy's wrists. Wendy wince in pain as Roy ratcheted the handcuffs until
the harsh unforgiving metal dug deeply into her rubber-clad wrists. Once her
hands were secured behind her back Wendy was fitted with anklecuffs that were
not linked together but had a short chain with an open padlock dangling from
each cuff. Once her ankles were secured with equal tightness as her wrists Roy
grabbed her by a handful of her red cuntal hair.

   "Move your ass, you lazy whore!" Roy growled as he roughly hauled the sobbing
teen behind him to the far side of the room by her cuntal hair. He stopped in
the center of the torture chamber next to a sawhorse before relinquish his grip
on her cuntal hair. Then he grabbed a hand full of her long red hair atop of her
head.

   A wide evil grin spread across his face as he looked at the sawhorse that he
had modified slightly. He had worked its normal flat surface to a splintery
point and installed a wooden buttplug some12-inchs long with a girth of 4-inchs
in the center of the sawhorse at the apex. This wooden buttplug surface was also
worked so that an untold number of fine splinters covered its entire length

    With ease Roy yanking his teen fucktoy off her feet by her long head hair,
he grabbed one of her long sleek black clad and swung her over the sawhorse.

    "AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!" The tormented teen
screeched as the star shape rosebud of rectum was penetrated by the splintery
wooden buttplug. She continued to scream as the buttplug slid deep within her
poop-chute impaling splinter after splinter along the soft tissue of her rectal
canal; until her puffed out pussy that was jutting out of the crotch slit of her
skintight rubber suit, slammed down on the splintery point of the sawhorse. With
all of her might that her exhausted tormented body could muster Wendy tried to
dismount the sawhorse. With Roy holding her in place all that her squirming and
thrashing achieved was to drive the splinters deeper into the tender flesh of
her already abused twat and poop-chute causing her even more horrible pain, so
the screeching teen gave up her struggle to dismount the sawhorse. Horrific pain
spiked through her pussy and her anal passage, as she sat atop the apex of the
splintery pointed sawhorse and splintery 12" buttplug with her legs hanging
limply down on either side.

   Once his teen fucktoy calmed down he held Wendy's waist with one hand to
steady her upon the sawhorse while reaching down and grabbing the loose chain
and open lock dangling from Wendy's left anklecuff. Yanking up harshly on the
chain Roy bent Wendy's left leg back and up until her left heel was even with
her cuffed wrists. Then he snapped the lock closed around the short length of
chain of Wendy's handcuffs. Once the teen's left leg was pined to her rump Roy
did the same to her right leg. With both of Wendy's hands and feet securely
locked behind the small of her back Roy released his grip on her waist. 

   Wendy slump forwarded and rocked from side to side sobbing heavily. If she
tilted to far in one direction or the other Roy would correct the tilting by
pulling on one of her bloated nipples protruding through the rubber suit that
was crushing her breasts so the tormented teen would not fall off the sawhorse.
After Roy did this for several minutes he snickered, "What's the mater Piglet?
Having trouble staying on our 'horsy'? Well Let's see what we can do about that
little problem? OK!"

   Sobbing heavily with tears streaming down her face Wendy gaspingly squeaked,
"Please Master no more! Please no more!"

   "But Piglet; we can't have us falling off our 'horsy' now can we?" Roy
snickered evilly.

   Wendy continued to plea as Roy dig the fingernails of his forefinger and
thumb deeply into his teenage fucktoy protruding left nipple with one hand and
force her to sit centered on the sawhorse. With the other hand Roy reached up
and grabbed a large alligator clip that was attach to a strong bungee cord
hanging from ceiling. He pulled the clip down stretching the bungee cord twice
its relaxed length.

   "AAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGEEEE!!!!!!" Wendy howled As Roy let the alligator clip snap
closed over her bloated right nipple but held on to the bungee cord keeping it
stretched. The sharp pointy steel teeth of the alligator clip dug deeper into
Wendy's bloated throbbing right nipple deeper and tighter then the alligator
clips that had supported the CD's that she had stolen from the music store
earlier that Roy had clip to her nipples.

   When her screams subsided Roy let go of her left nipple and at the same time
released his grip on the stretched bungee cord. Wendy's right nipple was snapped
upwards as the stretched bungee cord tried to snap back to its relaxed state.

   "AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!" Wendy howled is sheer
anguish and bolted upright towards her left as much as her tormented body could.
Despite her frantic stretching of her torso the bungee cord only retracted a
third of its pre-stretched position causing Wendy's right nipple to stretch even
further from the tight rubber suit towards the ceiling pulling more of her
squished breast through the small dime-sized hole that her nipple protruded
through. 

   "There now we won't fall off our little 'horsy'." Snickered Roy. He sucked
Wendy's unclamped engorged right nipple into his mouth and chewed harshly on it
drawing blood.

   Wendy howled and howled, at the top of her lungs as her left nipple was
pulled further up towards the ceiling by the retracting bungee cord and slowly;
ever so slowly her more and more of her 38"D breast was pulled through the tiny
dime size hole. She desperately squirmed and squirmed atop the sawhorse in an
attempt to ease the ripping pain in her left nipple while a mad man was chewing
her right nipple to bits. As she franticly squirmed more and more of the
splinters drove into her abused tender pussy.

   With a loud slurping pop Roy released Wendy's chewed up and bleeding right
nipple. "Oh-oh! We seemed to be tilting on our 'horsy' a tad here lets fix that
little problem for us. OK!" Snickered Roy as he reached up and grabbed another
alligator clip. He stretched it down and let it snap harshly down onto Wendy's
bleeding right nipple.

   Wendy body snapped strait upright as both of her tormented nipples were
stretched towards the ceiling by the retracting bungee cord. Both of her 38"D
breasts slowly being out of the two tiny dime-sized holes in the rubber suit.

   The next thing Roy did was to go to the cabinet of torture equipment. From
the cabinet he pickup a paper-hole puncher, two shoestrings, and two
weightlifting disk weights weighting about 5lbs each. When he returned to his
fucktoy on the sawhorse a wide grin spread across his face as he notice hat
about a quarter of each of 38D" breasts had been pulled through the two small
dime-sized holes in the rubber suit that her clamped nipples protruded through.
His thieving little fucktoy was straining with all her might to thrust her chest
up to relive the strain on her tortured breast while at the same tome trying not
to move her twat to avoid having more of the splinters of the sawhorse from
digging into her sex box.

   It wasn't working her breasts continued to be ever so slowly through the two
dime-size holes in the rubber suit and the inner lining of her young sex-box was
being pierced by more and more splinters causing the sobbing teen to howl in
pure unrelenting anguish. Her numb cuffed wrist and feet were of no help in her
efforts to ease her pain the limbs remained uselessly at the small of her back
and the wooden buttplug with its own painful splinters prevented her from
squirming either forward or backwards.

   Roy kneeled on the left side of Wendy's tortured body. Setting the stuff that
he had gotten from the equipment cabinet on the floor. He tied a shoestring to
each of the 5lb weights. Once the two weights had shoestrings attached to them
he picked up the paper-hole puncher.

   With the puncher in one hand Roy carefully so not to get any of the sawhorse
splinters imbedded into his own flesh dug his index finger into the left side of
Wendy's split pussy. Once his index finger was inserted Roy used the thumb to
tightly pinch Wendy's left thin inter pussy lip. Wendy whimpered and shuddered
upon the sawhorse as the cruel 17-year-old yanked downward on her delicate
splintered filled trapped left pussy-lip.

    When Roy had pulled and stretched Wendy's trapped left pussy lip out and
away from the sawhorse he aligned the puncher near the center of the stretched
cuntal flesh.

   As Wendy felt the cold metal of the paper hole puncher she begin screaming at
the top of her lungs. "OH DEAR GOD NO! PLEASE NO! DON'T DO IT I BEG YOU!
NOOO..."

   Roy cackled like a mad hyena as he closed the hand that held the paper hole
puncher.

   Wendy's body tensed up as she felt the cold metal of the paper hole puncher
sink into the thin walls of her stretched out inner cuntal lip. "AAAAAAAA
AAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!" The tormented teen
howled as the paper hole puncher punched its way through her pussy lip. Wendy
young tortured body bucked and thrashed wildly about once again.

   Roy was sure that his little fucktoy howls of horrific anguish could be heard
in the crowded and noise mall proper despite being six floors underground and in
a sound proof room.

   Upon hearing a resounding metallic click that told Roy the paper hole puncher
had completed its passage completely through the stretched cuntal flesh Dong
Kong begin jetting its heavy load of gooey sperm up the left side of the
thrashing jerking fucktoy's body. As Dong Kong continued to spray a thick layer
of sticky, gooey sperm Roy removed the paper hole puncher and set it on the
floor. He then picked up the free of the shoestring that was attached to one of
the barbell weights. After threading the shoestring through the freshly created
hole that he had just created Roy released his pinching hold on the stretched
cuntal lip.

   Wendy's stretched cuntal lip zipped back up to its normal position as it did
so more and more of the fine splinters dug into her soft inter lining of her
cuntal flesh as it slid up the splintery side of the sawhorse she was straddle
upon. Roy then pulled the shoestring through the hole of Wendy's punctured
cuntal flesh until he had lifted the 5lb weight a foot off the floor then he
tied off the shoestring to the 5lb weight.

   Again as her left pussy lip was dragged down the splintery side of the
splintery sawhorse even more splinters dug themselves into the abused flesh of
her left, inter pussy lip. Wendy was continuously howling and thrashing upon the
sawhorse she was straddling. Though Wendy was screaming for all that she was
worth the screams were getting lower and lower as her angelic voice began to
crack.

   Roy picked up the remaining 5lb weight by the shoestring fasten to it and the
paper hole puncher off the floor. He moved to Wendy's right side and proceeded
to repeat the process to the tormented teen's right inner pussy lip.

   With both of the Wendy's inner pussy lips being stretched down the sides of
the splintery sawhorse Roy stood up and went around to the front of the
sawhorse. He looked at his littler fucktoy with glee. Wendy's bright red face
was contorted and wracked with anguishing pain. Her bloodshot eyes were wide
open and almost popping from their sockets with heavy streams of tears running
down her face to flow into her wide open gapping mouth that was continuously
scream rattling out. Though it was not the high pitch screams that she had begun
with when her initial penetration of her anal passage by the humongous wooden
buttplug upon the sawhorse. The screams were now hoarse, and crack gurgling
sound that was barely audible. The tears that streamed into her mouth mixed with
saliva pooling in her mouth. The tear and saliva mixture of drool streamed out
of her gapping grimace mouth. The drool was running down between her upward
stretching purple colored 38"D breasts. Breasts that more then three-quarters of
which had been pulled through the two dime-size holes in the formfitting rubber
suit.  The drool continued down her strait as a board rubber clad torso to her
split cunt upon the splintery sawhorse to mix with the blood that was running
out of her splintered filled cunt. The mixture of drool and blood ran down the
sides of the sawhorse to Wendy's stretched inner cunt lips, which mixed with
even more blood from her splintered filled cunt lips and the two holes that had
been punched through them. This drool and blood mixture ran down the two
shoestrings to the two 5lb weights that drip down onto and pooled on the floor.  

   What he saw made Dong Kong once again erupt Roy aimed the streamed of gooey
jetting sperm directly into his fucktoy's gapping mouth. Roy's sperm was added
to the mixture that was running down Wendy's tormented rubber clad body. When
Dong Kong finished his hosing Roy leaned forward and whispered sweetly into
Wendy's ear. "Just one more thing my little theft and we'll be ready for our
'horsy ride'."

   With one hand he grasped and stretched another bungee cord with a heavy
alligator clip attached to the front of the sawhorse. With his other hand he
carefully peeled back Wendy's clitoral hood exposing her clitoris. He stretched
the bungee cord until the alligator clip jaws were being held open over the most
sensitive part of Wendy's anatomy.

   Wendy heard Roy whispered sweetly into her ear but her body was wracked with
more pain then she could ever have imagine couldn't comprehend what Roy was
saying to her. But suddenly all the anguishing pain that was and had been wrack
upon her young body vanished as the steely, pointy teeth of the alligator clip
punched themselves deep into her clitoris as it jaws snapped closed. A searing
white light exploded in her mind and her limp form once again became extremely
animated as the powerful jaws of the alligator clip dug their pointy steel jaws
sank deeper and deeper into her clitoris. Her screaming increased dramatically
though it was hoarser then ever.

   As horrific as the pain was when the jaws slammed closed on her clitoris it
was nothing compared to the ripping pain that roared through her clitoris as Roy
let go of the stretched bungee cord. Wendy was sure that her clitoris had been
ripped out. But as the ripping pain continued to race through her very core she
knew that her stretched clitoris was still in place. Wendy attempted with all
her might to thrush her hips forward to ease the ripping pain going through her
clitoris but the monstrous 12-inch buttplug rammed up her rectum prevented any
forward motion to ease the ripping pain in her clitoris.




CHAPTER THIRTEEN

   Linda was sobbing heavily as she continued patrolling around the perimeter of
the torture chamber upon her elbows and knees with Rex following her. She had
watched the entire episode of the sadistic seventeen-year-old mounting her
daughter on the sawhorse. Deep down in her heart Linda knew that she should be
stopping the horrendous torturing of her only child; but she feared her Lord and
Master too much to interfere with his activities. So Linda crawled on her
continuous circuit of the torture chamber. Her only brake in the repetitive task
was to stop to lick and suck on the female dog's sex organ or to have Rex plow
his doggy penis into her own pussy.

   Roy stood back to admire his handywork. "Maggot doesn't Piglet look cute
sitting on the 'horsy'?"

   Though Linda thought anything but she gave the affirmative response, "ARF,
ARF!"

   "Well Maggot don't we think we should inspect Piglet on the 'horsy'?"
snickered Roy evilly.

   Not knowing what the evil teen was thinking up as an inspection for her
tormented daughter Linda responded in her doggy fashion with an yes. "ARF ARF!"

   Then get that slimy doggy twat over here pronto!" Roy bellowed menacingly.

   As quick as her could Linda broke from her path that she had for hours now
been making and made a beeline over to where the sadistic teenager was standing.

   "Sit pretty Maggot!"

   Instantly Linda rosed up on to her knees. She now had a perfect view of her
daughter upon the sawhorse before her. "Oh dear god...I'm so sorry honey." She
sobbed silently to herself as she saw the horrible tortures her once pristine
daughter had been put through.

   Though he was sure he had broken Rex will to defend his human bitch Roy
didn't want to take any chances that the huge dog would attack him for what he
was about to do. He unhook the chain around Linda's waist and led the dog to a
ring embedded in the wall far enough away as so that the big dog could have no
chance of attacking him. On the way back to the sawhorse Roy stopped at the
equipment locker and got out a pair of needle-nose pliers and a ball-peen
hammer.

   "Well Maggot does Piglet look secured upon the 'horsy'?" Roy asked as he
returned to Linda's side.

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "See that mess that Piglet made on my floor?"

   Linda looked at the pool of her daughter's tears, saliva, blood and Roy's
sperm that had dripped off the two dangling weights that formed the pool that
the sadistic teen was referring to. "ARF! ARF!"

   SMACK! Linda flew off her knees from the brutal closed fist blow to her right
side of her jaw. She landed with a heavy thud on her right side.

   "Then get our lazy doggy fucking ass over there and lick my floor clean!"
Snapped Roy.

   Linda scrambled to her elbows and knees and then scramble to the slimy pool
beneath her daughter. Like a woman that had gone days without water in the
desert Linda begin lapping up the gooey slime. When she felt her daughter's knee
begin to push against her forward sloping back Linda stopped crawling forward to
avoid making her daughter rock upon the sawhorse. She stretched her tongue out
as far as she could to continue to lap up the gooey pool of liquid.

   THUD! SPLAT!

   Linda flew forwarded and landed face first into the gooey pool that she was
licking when Roy had kicked her rump.

   "Maggot; get that doggy fucking ass up and moving we got a floor to finish
cleaning!"

   Pulling her face out of the gooey muck Linda returned to her elbows and knees
and resumed lapping the floor. She felt her daughter's slid up her sloping back,
which forced her daughter to lean further, and further to the right. Linda wept
as she heard the hoarse, anguishing screams Wendy, as she slowly crawled forward
under the sawhorse.

   Not only did Linda feel her daughter's knee ride up her back but also the 5lb
weight that was dangling from Wendy's right inner cuntal lip. As the weight and
Wendy's right knee approach the apex of her jutting buttocks Linda felt the left
5lb weight and her daughter's left knee begin they're run up her slopping back.
It took nearly 10 minutes for Linda to lap up all of the gooey liquid before her
daughter's left knee and 5lb cuntal lip weight cleared her up thrusted rump.

   "Sit pretty, Maggot!"

   Instantly Linda rose up off her elbows on her knees.

   Maggot face Piglet!"

   Linda quickly turned about on her knees until she was facing the left side of
her tormented daughter.

   "Well Maggot does Piglet still look secured upon the 'horsy'?" Roy asked as
he returned to Linda's side.

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "Good then lets let Piglet go on its 'horsy ride'  shall we?"

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "Maggot lean forwarded and place our elbows...oops doggy bitches don't have
elbows now do they"

   "ARF! ARF!"

   "Well in that case put our doggy paws on that weight!" Snapped Roy as he
knelt next to the mother.

   With horror Linda looked at the weight that was grossly stretching her
daughter's left inner labia lip. She knew that if she leaned forwarded and put
her elbows on that weight that her own weight would stretched her daughter's
labia even further causing her daughter even mote agonizing pain then she was
already suffering.

   "Please don't make me..."

   Linda's plead was cut short as Roy slammed his steel toe boot into Linda's
tenderized twat.

   THUD!

   "AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!" Linda howled as the force of
the boot to her vagina lifted her off the floor. When Linda fell back to the
floor she flopped over to her side and curled up into a tight fetal position.

   Roy shoved his boot between Linda's ballooned breasts. Once he had his boot
lodge directly over the center of the breast that was nearest to the floor Roy
shifted his weight from the foot on the floor to the foot atop the ballooned
mammary gland. The deep dark purple breast bulged into an oblong shape and was
being flattened as more and more of his weight was transferred from the floor
the Linda's breast until most of his weight was pressing down on Linda's breast.

   Linda howled louder and louder in sheer anguish, as her ballooned breast was
squish thinner and thinner. With most of his weight squishing her breast Roy
reached down and with both hands her grasped Linda's head hair. With all of his
might Roy yanked Linda's head up by her hair. As Linda was lifted higher and
higher up off the floor her squished breast was rasp from underneath of the
non-skid surface of Roy's boot sole.

   When her squished breast popped out from underneath Roy's boot it bounced
back to its ballooned shape minus several layers of skin. The dark purple orb
bleed very little from the abraded breast flesh do to her blood flow to that
breast was still being retarded behind the plastic banding strap. But that
didn't stop the anguishing pain that roared through the abused breast tissue.

   Holding her with both hands by her hair Roy snapped, "Sit pretty Maggot!"

   With ripping pain roaring through her scalp and the intense pain that roared
through her abraded breast Linda quickly unfolded her legs that she had pulled
up to her stomach after her torturer slammed his steel toe boot into her cunt.
Once she had her knees on the floor supporting her weight Roy let go of her hair
that he was gripping. Linda teetered upon her knees as her hair was released.

   "Maggot if we don't remain sitting pretty; I'll pick us up again using our
other booby!" Roy snapped.

    Linda didn't know how she managed it but she remained kneeling next to her
tormented daughter upon the sawhorse.

   Roy grabbed Linda's left hand pinky finger. He clamped the needle-nose pliers
on the left pinky finger, fingernail and yanked it out of Linda's finger. Linda
let out another blood curdling scream that rattled the walls of the torture
chamber. When Linda's howling subsided held the ripped out fingernail in front
of Linda's blurry tear filled eyes.

   "One down nine to go." Giggled Roy as he pushed the needle-nose pliers into
Linda's slack jaw mouth and let the ripped out fingernail loose so that it fell
into her mouth. "Now Maggot I think we were given a task to complete? Didn't
we?" Roy snapped as he open and closed the needle-nose pliers in front of
Linda's eyes.

   Linda still couldn't bring herself to do what her torturer wanted her to do.
After giving Linda ten seconds to comply Roy gasped her left hand ring finger
and using the needle-nose pliers he ripped out that nail then immediately
shifted to Linda's left hand middle finger and ripped out that nail also.

   Linda's inhumane screech continued to rattle the torture chamber walls as two
more fingernails were ripped from her left hand.

   "Three down seven to go then onto the toes."

   Linda couldn't take it anymore she leaned forwarded and allowed her elbows to
rest on the weight stretching her daughter's left inner labia lip even more.
Linda shivered to the core as a hoarse gurgling scream that was barely audible
rattled out of her daughter's tortured throat. Not only did Linda stretched her
daughter's already stretched labia lip but also caused more of the splinters to
dig into the tender flesh. The action also caused her daughter to lean slightly
to the left, which resulted in pulling more of her daughter's squished right
breast through the dime size hole in the tight fitting rubber suit.

   Roy crouched down next to Linda and screamed into her ear, "Now Maggot we
shall inspect how well our little Piglet is riding our 'horsy'." Roy grabbed a
hand full of Linda's hair and yank her head so that it was several inches over
the top of the sawhorse. "See that clitty?" Growled Roy as he shook Linda's head
violently about by her hair.

   Through bleary tear filled eyes Linda saw her daughter's clitoris. Her
daughter's clitoris was being stretched over 4" from her clitoral hood by the
bungee cord. Several droplets of blood were dripping from where the alligator
clip pointy steel teeth had bitten into the tip of the clitoris and along the
underside of the sensitive sexual organ from splinters, which had dug into it.
The clitoris was bright red from the caning Roy had given it with a score of
angry welts all along its top.  "ARF! ARF!"

   "Open that dog cunt-sucking maw of ours!" Snapped Roy.

   When Linda open her mouth Roy jerked her head about until Linda's open mouth
was thrust upon her daughter's stretched clitoris.

   "LICK IT!"

   Linda whipped her tongue over the top of her daughter's stretched clitoris.
While she was doing this Roy used the needle-nose pliers to snip the plastic
binding bands from around his human-doggy left upper thigh and ankle together.

   No longer banded together the folded limb separated. Her lower left leg
plopped freely down to the floor she was kneeling on. Despite the painful,
prickly, needles sensations that rushed through her left leg as the normal blood
circulation return Linda continued to lick her daughter's stretched clitoris.

   With a gleam in his eyes Roy slipped the needle-nose pliers over his
human-doggie's left Achilles tendon. Once the pliers were over the tendon Roy
snapped the jaws closed and quickly twisted the trapped Achilles tendon until he
herd it snap.

   "AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!" Linda howled as the sadistic
teen destroyed her left foot's Achilles tendon. Despite her beat effort Linda
collapsed to the floor writhing in agony.

   True to his word Roy squished Linda's dark purple right breast under his boot
then yanked her back to her knees.

   "LICK!"

   Linda place her elbows back on the weight that was stretching her daughter's
left inner vaginal lip. She positioned her head over her daughter's stretched
clitoris and began licking the stretched sexual organ.

   Linda cringed with dread as she felt the sadistic teen cut the plastic
binding band around her right leg. As her right lower leg plopped down upon the
floor Linda steeled herself for what she knew what was coming next.

   "AAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!" Despite the horrendous pain
emitting from her right foot's Achilles tendon Linda manage to remain upon her
knees, and leaning on the weight stretching her daughter's left inner vaginal
lip while at the same time she continued to lick her daughters stretched
clitoris.

   Linda sobbed both in agony and bitterness as she realized that with both of
her Achilles tendons destroyed she would never be able to walk upon her feet
again.

   "Now Magot we are ready for Piglet's first 'horsy ride'." Snickered Roy as he
held Linda's head in place with one hand around his fucktoy/'s stretched clit.
With hammer in the other hand Roy lifted it high in the air. With all of his
might Roy swung the hammer down. The hammer landed with great force upon Linda's
left big toe.

   THUD! CRACK! CRUNCH!

   At the same time that her toe was being pulverized Linda's jaws snapped shut
causing her teeth to sink deeply into her daughter's stretched clitoris. Both
females shriek in horrific anguish. Wendy's gurgling agonizing hoarse cry was
completely washed out by her mother's wall rattling vociferation. Upon Roy
releasing her hair Linda flopped to the floor and rolled around the floor in
anguish.

   With glee Roy stepped back and watched his fucktoy's ride upon the 'horsy'.

   Having her clitoris savagely bitten caused Wendy to buck and thrash about as
though was riding atop a fierce wild bronco horse that was dead set on trying to
rid the rider from its back instead of sitting upon a stationary sawhorse.

   Even though she didn't have any leverage Wendy manage to buck so violently
that she manage to thrust her young tortured body upwards, which resulted in 4"
of the 12" of the splintery buttplug to be pulled out of her poop-chute before
her twat once again crashed down atop the apex of the splintery sawhorse. She
whip her torso every which way yanking more of her 38"D breasts through the two
dime size steel reinforced holes in the skin tight rubber suit. As she bucked
and thrashed about the two 5lb weights that were stretching her inner pussy lips
swung and bounced about. Her clitoris was stretched to its very limits nearly 7"
from the protective clitoral hood.

   "aaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!" Wendy
gurgled almost soundlessly as she road the 'horsy'. For over 30 minutes Wendy
trashed wildly about till she slipped into blissful unconsciousness.

   "Don't worry big guy I'll let you have some fun with our little fucktoy as
soon as it back on line." Roy cooed, as he stroked Dong Kong who was ridged as
an iron bar. "Maggot 'Sit Pretty' facing Piglet!" Boomed Roy as her headed for
the torture equipment locker.

   Linda scrambled to her knees facing her unconscious daughter. Linda's stomach
churn and bile rise up her throat at what she saw. All of her daughter's 38"D
breasts had been pulled trough the two dime size steel ring reinforced holes in
her rubber suit. Now the base of her daughter's breasts were being squished to a
smaller diameter then the base of her own breasts that were being squished by
the two plastic banding straps around them. Wendy's left breast was still being
stretched towards the ceiling by the bungee cord that was still clipped to her
left nipple. However Wendy's wild thrashing about had ripped the alligator clip
off her right nipple. This caused the right breast to jutted strait out from her
chest like an over size cantaloupe that was ready to burst. The unconscious teen
was tilting to her left as a result of released right breast. Linda wanted with
all of her heart that she could release her daughter from the sawhorse and
rubber suit. But it was a hopeless wish. She couldn't even help herself much
less help her tormented unconscious daughter.

   From the torture equipment locker Roy removed a vial of smelling salts and a
syringe full of a powerful amphetamine.

   "Maggot, wasn't that was some wild ride that Piglet made on 'horsy'"
Snickered Roy as he returned to stand in front of the unconscious teenage girl.

   "arf! arf!" Sobbed Linda as she looked at her daughter straddling the
sawhorse. She wasn't even sure that that the motionless form of her black clad
daughter was still alive. Linda let out a low whimpering prayer that was barely
audible "Dear God please let it be so. Please God take my daughter to heaven
with you. Please free her soul from this hellish existence. Please God take my
daughter! Oh God please!"

   "It was such a great ride it seems to have tuckered Piglet out. Don't you
think Maggot?" Snickered Roy as he snapped open the vial of smelling salts under
the unconscious teen's nose.

   "arf! arf!" Linda wept as she still hoped that God had taken her daughter.
But that hope was dashed when her daughter started to react to the smelling salt
that the sadistic teen was waving under Wendy's nose.

   Wendy's started to cough as the smelling salt begun to work. As she was torn
from the land of Nod her youthful, salacious teen's tortured body rattled in
anguish, her head begun to lop around in small uncontrolled circles while a
throaty gurgling scream escaped from her drooling mouth.

   "Wakeey, Wakeey, my little thief! We've got more 'horsy' riding to do before
beddy-bye time." Snickered Roy as he cupped Wendy's chin And held her head up so
he could look directly into her glassy-eyes.

   "ppp-ppleaseeee; nnn-noooo mm-mm-mooorreee!  ppp-ppleaseeee!" whimpered
Wendy.

   "Oh but Piglet we have five more rides on the 'horsy' scheduled for today."
Cooed Roy sweetly into Wendy's ear. He immensely enjoyed the muttering babblings
of his little fucktoy not to be tortured anymore for several minutes. "What's
that Maggot? You think Piglet here would like to have a bit of lunch before its
second ride?"

   Though Linda didn't say a thing to Roy she instantly responded affirmatively
"ARF! ARF!"

    "Is that right Piglet? Are we hungry?"

   Wendy just continued her mutterings not to be tortured anymore.

   "Well alright I guess we can hold off our 'horsy ride'  till we have a bit to
eat." Roy reached up and unclipped Wendy's stretched left nipple from the bungee
cord.

   As soon as her nipple was released Wendy slumped forwarded. When her face
crashed on to the sawhorse Roy grabbed a handful of the tortured teen's hair on
each side of her head. He yanked Wendy's head around till Dong Kong was a lined
with her slack-jaw drooling mouth. In one swift movement Roy yanked Wendy's head
forward driving Dong Kong down Wendy's throat until his massive, heavy balls
smacked into the tortured teen's chin.

   Wendy shuddered and gasped for air as Dong Kong slammed deep down into her
throat. The massive cock remained plugging her throat preventing any airflow
until she nearly passed out before Roy yanked her head back. She quickly gasped
in a lung full of air before her throat was once again completely plugged.

   Roy was in such an arousal state that it didn't take very long for a load of
his slimy, gooey sperm jetted down her throat and into her stomach. Though he
delivered a massive load of his spunk into the tortured teen's belly Dong Kong
was still as hard as a steel bar. Roy continued to plummet his rod in and out by
jerking Wendy's head back and forth by her hair. Load after load blasted its way
into the teen's stomach. After the eighth slimy load had jetted down into
Wendy's stomach Dong Kong begin to soften. Though the phallic had lost its
rigidity the now soft penis remained filling her mouth.

   "Well Piglet now that we got some high quality protein in out tum-tum would
we like some thing to wash it down? We do? Well here drink up."

   Wendy started gulping like crazy in order to breath as a hot stream of piss
sprayed out of the piss hole in Dong Kong's slit. For nearly a minute Wendy
gulped down hot, steamy, bitter acidic urine to churn with the eight loads of
sperm already residing in her stomach.

   SLURP! PLOP! Went Dong Kong as Roy jerked the teen upright so that they were
once looking eye-to-eye.

   "There now Piglet are we happy that out tum-tum is all full? I hope we
enjoyed our fine meal my little thief? Because it the only thing that we are
going to get to eat and drink from now on. Dong Kong's spunk to eat and his piss
to drink till the day our thieving little fucktoy draws its last breath."

   Roy let go of one handful of Wendy's hair then reached up and grabbed one of
the dangling bungee cords. He stretched the bungee cord and press open the
alligator clip. He then place the open alligator clip over Wendy's battered,
swollen right nipple and let the alligator clip snapped shut.

   Wendy let out a hoarse gurgling howl and her body trembled as the sharp
pointy teeth of the alligator clip bit deeply into her already mauled right
nipple. Roy swiftly repeated the procedure to the girl's left nipple.

   Once again Wendy was straining to thrush her torso up in order to ease the
strain on her dark purple breasts that were being stretched towards the ceiling.

   Roy took the syringe and jammed it into Wendy's stretched clitoris. He pushed
the plunger down injecting the powerful amphetamine.

   "My, my 'horsy' riding does make one hungry even if you are just watching it.
I think I'll go get me a bite to eat also." Roy stated as he walked to the
kitchenette. Hr took some ground meat out of the frig and started making
hamburger patties out of it. Maggot get that lazy doggy fucking ass over here
pronto!"

   Linda who had been kneeling next to her daughter throughout the 'horsy ride' 
and feeding dropped to her elbows and scrambled over to the sadistic teen. When
Linda got to the teen he shoved several hands full of ground beef into her over
used, dog cum dripping, sore vagina.

   "Go feed your lover Maggot!" snapped Roy after he tightly packed his
human-doggy twat with ground beef.

   Linda sucrryed over to where Rex was chained up and positioned herself so
that her thrust up ass was pointing at the big ugly dog. Though she knew it was
coming Linda gave a little jumped and shivered as she felt Rex's cold wet nose
come in contact with her ground beef packing her vagina. Rex sniffed around her
pussy for a few moments then started munching on the ground beef. Linda let out
small whimpering yelps every now and again as Rex's teeth nipped at her tender
sex flesh.




CHAPTER FOURTEEN

   While Linda was feeding Rex; Roy fixed himself two hamburgers with fries. As
he sat and ate he watched with bemusement as his 'horsy' riding fucktoy became
more and more animated upon the sawhorse.

   With each passing second Wendy was becoming more alert as the powerful
amphetamine that had been injected through her clitoris. Wendy tried with all of
her might not to move as every nerve ending begin to registered each lashed
mark, splinter prick, bite mark (human and alligator clip), squeezed, stretched
body part and piercing that had been done to her. Not only did each pain return
but do to the powerful amphetamine made the pain come back to life ten fold. So
the tortured teen was squirming and shuddering upon the sawhorse, which added to
her misery; and letting out a continuous hoarse scream that was no longer
audible. 

   Finishing up his meal Roy returned to his 'horsy' riding fucktoy via the
equipment locker for and refilled the syringe with the powerful amphetamine.
"Well Piglet now that we all had a bit to eat shall we go for our second 'horsy
ride' ?"

   Wendy soundlessly pleaded with her sadistic tormenter not to any thing more
to her. Her soundless pleas went unanswered as Roy jabbed a syringe into her
stretched clitoris once again.

   "We don't want to miss any of our second 'horsy ride'  like we did the first
one now do we Piglet?" Giggled as he pushed the syringe plunger's down injecting
his 'horsy' fucktoy with more of the stimulus to keep the tortured teen alert
and ultra sensitive nerves active no mater how much pain she was subject to.
"Maggot get that dog fucking twat over here pronto!"

   There was a slurping, sucking sounding pop as Linda scurried on her elbows
and knees towards Roy and her daughter. The wet popping noise was cause from
Rex's snout which was buried deep into Linda's vagina while he was trying to
lick out the last morsel of ground beef that Roy had stuffed it with.

   Maggot! I think Piglet is ready for its second 'horsy ride'  now. So lets get
into position."

   Trebling with terror and dread Linda as she got to her knees.  She looked at
her tormented daughter with sorrow. She didn't want to make her suffer anymore
just for the amusement of the sadistic teen. Linda shifted her eyes from the
dreadful form of her only child to the madman that held them at his complete
mercy. She looked at him with pleading eyes hoping to inspire some of that mercy
with in him.

   "AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!" Linda howled as the
remaining three fingernails were ripped out of her left hand by the merciless
sadistic teen.

   "BITCH IF YOU DO NOT GET INTO POSITION RIGHT NOW I WILL RIP EVERY FUCKN' NAIL
FROM THAT OTHER HAND!!!!!!" Roared Roy.

   Sobbing heavily Linda quickly placed her elbows atop the weight stretching
her daughter's right inner labia lip. Once she had her upper body weight
pressing down on the weight stretching her daughter's right labia lip Linda bent
her head over her daughter's stretched clitoris. She then opened her mouth wide
and then covered the stretched sexual organ. With feverous fury Linda begun
licking the abused clitoral flesh. Gently she bit her daughter's clitoris.
Though she bit as gently as she could her daughter still shuddered violently
upon the sawhorse that she was perched upon.

   But Roy wasn't happy with her attempts to be gentle he wanted his fucktoy to
ride the 'horsy' hard. He grabbed the back of Linda's head and forcibly held her
head in place.

   Linda knew what was coming next as Roy squatted next to her with hammer in
hand. She struggled with all of her might to get away but Roy was too powerful.
With ease the cruel, sadistic teen held her in place.

   THUD! CRACK! CRUNCH!

   The hammer that pulverized Linda's right big toe caused her jaws snapped shut
just like the first time. And like the first time Linda's teeth were driven deep
into her daughter's stretched clitoris. Both females shriek in horrific anguish
once again as Wendy took off on her second 'horsy ride'  for the day.

   Wendy's second 'horsy ride'  was not like her first one. With the stimulants
that were coursing through her body from the two injections her ride upon the
'horsy' was ten times worse then the first. She thrashed and bucked wildly about
for over an hour before she calmed down. She remained wide-awake and alert,
suffering hideously through each and every second. Both alligator clips had been
ripped from her abused nipples within the first ten minutes so her upper torso
whipped around wildly. However the foot long splintery buttplug kept her mounted
firmly upon the sawhorse. Through her wild bucking she had only manage to rear
up enough so that only the maximum of 6" of the buttplug came out of her
splintered lined rectum. Her inner labia lips were whipped around as the weights
attached to flew crazily about. Her clitoris was stretched so far that it could
no longer be stretched any further so the alligator clip biting into the
sensitive head of the clitoris was also ripped off during her ride.

   "MAGGOT SIT PRETTY AND WATCH!"

   Weeping Linda scrambled to her knees to face the sadistic teen and her
daughter.

   "Time for another snack." Giggled Roy as he grabbed both sides of Wendy's
head by her hair after she had managed to calm down from her wild 'horsy ride'.
In one swift movement Dong Kong's behemoth mass plummeted down Wendy's raw
throat as Roy jerked her head forwarded by her hair.

   From the moment that Wendy took off on her second 'horsy ride'  Dong Kong
screamed for release. It took all of Roy's will power to restrain Dong Kong.
After all he had to make sure that his wild broncoing fucktoy had enough protein
to eat. So it took only a few strokes in and out of Wendy's mouth before a huge
load of jism shot strait down Wendy's gullet. After feeding his bronco busting
fucktoy an even dozen gooey loads of high protein from Dong Kong he let Dong
Kong washed it down with salty acidic drink of piss.

   Roy wrapped a hand around base of the dime size squished left breast and
jerked her upright. "That was awesome Piglet our second 'horsy ride'  was even
better then our first one." Giggled Roy as he reattached the alligator clip to
Wendy's mangled left nipple. "By time we finished our sixth 'horsy ride'  we'll
be an expert bronco busting 'horsy ride' r." Roy continued to giggle as her
attached the other bungee cord alligator clip to Wendy's right abused nipple.
"And I know we wouldn't miss a single exciting moment of our fun filled 'horsy
ride'." Roy stated as her stretched the bungee cord at the front of the sawhorse
and clipped the alligator clip to Wendy's deformed clitoris. "So here is some
more go-go juice so we don't go beddy-bye and miss any of this fun." Roy jammed
the syringe into Wendy's stretched clitoris and injected the tortured teen with
more of the stimulate drug. "There now; not only will we eat Dong Kong's gourmet
food and delicious drink till the day we die but we will remain awake and very
much alert for the same duration."

   Once Roy had his bronco busting fucktoy sitting prim and proper, fed and
active he walked behind his human-doggy. He reared back his boot and slammed it
into her rump.

   THUD! SPLAT!

   The force of his kick caused Linda to tumbled forward and land face first
into the pool of blood and slime that had formed beneath her daughter. 

   "CLEAN!" Bellowed Roy

   Linda scrambled to her elbows and knees and started licking the floor beneath
her daughter clean. As with the first time Linda felt her daughter's knees ride
up her slopping back as she crawled forwarded lapping the floor. While she
licked up the gooey mess up

   It was a heavenly sight to see the anguish pain felled contorted face of his
bronco busting fucktoy was forced to tilt to its left as his human-doggy slowly
crawl under its own daughter. Once Linda had completely clean the floor with her
tongue beneath her daughter and was clear of her Roy went to fetch Rex.

   Once He reattached the big dog to Linda's waist Rex immediately mounted Linda
and plummeted his long, red, dog cock to the hilt in Linda's cunt.

   With bemusement Roy watched his human-doggy bring drilled by the big dog as
he set up a video camera in front of his bronco busting fucktoy. He adjusted the
video camera so that it was focused on the tortured teen on the sawhorse and the
floor just beneath the sawhorse.

   "Maggot when you finish having fun with Rex we are to resume our patrol of
our home as before. The only change is that we will detour to clean up Piglet's
mess on each circuit. This video camera will keep an accurate account of each
and every floor-cleaning act. The video has a time index so that we can't cheat
and cut our circuits short. I already know how long each of our circuits takes;
with and without Rex's fun time. After thirty circuits we are to wake me by
barking like a good little doggy. Then we'll watch Piglet ride the 'horsy'
again. And if we are caught neglecting any of our duties in the slightest way
our doggy fucking twat will get an hour of foot stomping."

   Sobbing bitterly Linda watched the sadistic teen climb into his nice soft,
comfy bed while she was being fucked for the umpteenth time by a big ugly dog.
After Rex dismounted her Linda began her arduous journey around the dungeon with
Rex in tow. Around and around Linda crawled on her elbows and knees. Stopping
only to get fucked by Rex, to suck and lick the female dog's sex organ, and lap
up the slimy bloody mixture that formed a pool beneath her daughter. Linda went
through sheer mental anguish during her floor cleaning. Every time she crawled
beneath her daughter it caused her daughter to tilt to the left. Wendy would
tremble and gurgle out a long heartfelt howl of pain and whimpering pleads for
her mother to stop and release her from her torment that could barely be heard.
But Linda was too terrified of the sadistic teen to divert from her repetitive
task that had been set by her master to perform.

   Crawl, get dog fuck, lick and suck dog pussy, rock daughter while licking
floor clean... Crawl, get dog fuck, lick and suck dog pussy, rock daughter while
licking floor clean... Crawl, get dog fuck, lick and suck dog pussy, rock
daughter while licking floor clean... on and on went in an endless reputation.
All the while the sadisticly, mad teen snored away in a restful slumber in a
soft comfy bed.

   Never in her whole life had Linda been so tired or in so much pain. She
briefly though about stopping and resting or maybe getting some sleep curled up
in some corner of the torture chamber; but the fear of being caught not doing
what she was commanded to do spurred the middle-aged mother to continue her
rounds. And because of the video camera keeping track of the number of times she
licked the floor clean beneath hr daughter Linda didn't dare miss a single
round.

   Finally after nearly four hours Linda completed licking the floor clean
beneath her daughter for the thirtieth time she crawled over to the bed where
her master was slumbering peacefully and rased up off her elbows onto her knees.
""ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF..." Linda barked to
wake her master up from his restful slumber as a good little doggy should.

    Roy woke up with a smile plastered on his face. He swung his hand back and
smacked it across Linda's face. "FOLLOW!"

   "AAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!!" Linda howled from the impact to the left side if her
face. The force of the blow caused Lind to be propelled three feet to her right
before slamming down onto the floor. No sooner then she hit the floor Linda
scrambled to her elbows and knees and started crawling after Roy.

   As she followed the sadistic teen as he stroll over to the equipment locker.
His massive prick jutting out as stiff as an iron rod. As he walked the prick
swayed and bobbed. After stopping by the equipment locker to pick up a dosage of
amphetamine then he proceeded to where her tortured daughter was sitting atop a
sawhorse in sheer agony.

   "SIT PRETTY!" Linda lifted her elbows off the floor and stood before her
tortured daughter upon her knees. Tears streamed down her face as she watched
the sadistic teen stand before her tormented daughter.

   "Piglet would we like some more go-go juice?"

   Wendy tried with every fiber in her soul in a gurgling, sobbing, croaking,
pleading voice that was barely audible. Roy listened to the pathetic pleads of
his bronco busting fucktoy for some five minutes before ramming the hypodermic
needle into Wendy's stretched clitoris. The battered teenager shudder as she
felt the powerful stimulate race through her young tortured body awaking each
and every nerve ending.

   While he watched his bronco busting fucktoy become more and more animated Roy
unhooked Rex from Linda's waist and re hooked him the wall several feet away
before returning to stand in front of the sawhorse. When he figured the drug was
fully active in the tormented fucktoy before him he unclipped both of the
tortured teen's stretched nipples. Wendy flopped like a rag doll atop the
sawhorse.

   Roy grabbed Wendy by her ears and jerked her head upward so that the beer can
girth mushroom shape head of his massive cock was resting just inside of Wendy's
slack jaw mouth. "Now for some yummy snacks and drink from Dong Kong." In one
swift movement Roy yanked Wendy's head forward by her ears until all
thirteen-inches of his massive cock was thrust in to the tormented teen's mouth
and throat.

   Linda stood on her knees watching the sadistic teenager orally raping her
daughter's petit mouth. She watched as her daughter's slender throat expanded as
the inhumanly massive cock was cruelty rammed down it. As much as it distress
her to see her daughter's mouth and throat raped by the sadistic teen she wished
that the sadistic teen would continue his savage plummeting oral rape. For she
knew what was coming next and she wished with all of her might that it would not
happen again but she knew it would.

   After pumping six massive loads of his sperm and emptied his over filled
bladder into his bronco busting fucktoy he withdrew the limp form of Dong Kong
from the warm moist orifice. "Maggot it's race time!" Roy chuckled as her
reattached the alligator clips the Wendy's ruined nipples forcing the tortured
teen to sit upright on the splintery sawhorse.

   With a deep, deep sorrow in her heart and tears streaming down her face Linda
scrambled on he knees over to her daughter. Once next to her daughter she placed
her elbows on the weight stretching her left pussy lip she then cranked her head
so that it was over her daughter's stretched out clitoris. As she look down what
she saw sent a powerful fear filled tremble rattling throughout her body. Her
daughter's once pink little clitoris was now a fiery red. It was stretched out
an almost imposable 8" long and bloated as thick as a breakfast sausage; a
breakfast sausage that had been very well chewed. Deep teeth marks were running
up and down the entire 8" stretched clitoris. Teeth marks that were made by
herself upon her own daughter's tortured clitoris. As Linda lanced out her
tongue to lick up the dry crusty blood that had formed from her deep bite marks
she knew that soon she would be adding many more bite deep bite marks upon her
daughter's damage sexual organ.

   "Piglet are we ready for our next 'horsy ride' ?"

   Linda could barely hear her daughter's crackling hoarse voice pleading with
the sadistic teen not to make her ride the 'horsy' again as her hair was grabbed
by Roy and forced her gapping mouth down onto her daughter's savagely abused
clitoris.

   Linda tried with all of her might not to snap her jaws closed around her
daughter's stretched clitoris. However when the hammer that Roy wheeled smashed
down to pulverize her second and third toes of her left foot, which was quickly
followed by a second blow the hammer upon the two remaining toes of her left
foot. The pain was so intense that Linda couldn't stop her jaws from snapping
shut. For the third time her perfect pearly white teeth sunk deep into her
daughter's abused clitoris causing her daughter to once again to take off on a
wild bronco busting 'horsy ride'.

   With glee he tossing aside the mother like rag doll to watch his fucktoy go
through her agonizing gyrations upon the splintery sawhorse for the third time.
Roy trembled with pleasure as he felt Dong Kong's massive bulk began to surge
back to life. Some fifteen minutes or so into the wild 'horsy ride'  Roy saw
that the bungee cord that was stretching his bronco busting fucktoy snap back
and dangled loosely from the sawhorse. At the same time he saw a dramatic
increase in the amount of blood flowing out from the tortured teen's twat.

   At first he thought that the alligator clip had been ripped off his fucktoy's
clit. However when he picked up the clip he saw a chunk of flesh still trapped
tightly in its steel jaws. When he pinched the jaws of the alligator clips open
the small chuck of flesh fell into his hand. Upon examining it he burst out with
a side-splitting laughter. " Hey Maggot look-see what a nice gift Piglet has
given us."

   Linda who had been curled up into a tight ball since being cast aside quickly
scrambled onto her elbows and knees over the sadistic teen. She let out a howl
of terrified anguish as she looked at what was resting in the palm of Roy's hand
that he was holding out to her.

   What she saw in the cup of his palm was the bloody crinkled tip of her
daughter's clitoris. The most sensitive sexual organ of her daughter was now
destroyed. Never would her daughter ever experience what sexual delight that
could be had from her clitoris ever again. Lost forever for the enjoyment of
some sadistic teenager that she hadn't even known existed less then five days
ago.

   Searing pain washed through Wendy as she felt the tip of her clitoris rip
off. She prayed that she would be released from the horrible pain but do to the
drug that was coursing through her body what she got was the exact opposite.
Instead of blissful unconscious her tortured body was more alert then ever. Her
wild thrashing increased ten-fold. In less then ten-minutes Wendy felt the
nipples of her once magnificent breasts rip off. First the left nipple then
almost immediately the right nipple followed its twin.

   Now from the waist up Wendy flopped wildly around like an old rag doll. But
do to the splintery, wooden buttplug jammed 12" up her rectum and with the
weights that were stretching her labia lips Wendy remained upon the splintery
sawhorse. Riding it harder then ever for the next three hours before finally
slumping down atop the sawhorse.

   "We're a little low on our tasty drink but Dong Kong here as lots of yummy
nutritious protein for us to eat." Giggled Roy as he plummeted his massive sex
organ into his fucktoy warm moist mouth. After dumping a recorded braking ten
heavy loads of his male seed into his fucktoy's tummy Roy collected the two
ripped off nipples from the alligator clips. As he headed for the kitchen with
his three gifts Roy bellowed, "MAGGOT CLEAN THAT MESS UP THEN GET THAT LAZY DOG
FUCKING TWAT OF OURS BACK ON PATROL!!!!"

   Linda scrambled to the huge pool of blood that had formed beneath her
daughter during and after her latest horrific torture section on the splintery
sawhorse. She zipped her tongue out and began her arduous task of lapping up the
iron tasting fluid once again.

   "Please mommy no more; please!" Croaked Wendy in a pleading voice that was
barely audible and was a washed with agonizing pain.

   At the weak tortured and unrecognizable sounds reached her ears Linda stopped
licking the blood off the floor and turned her head towards the pleading sounds.
What she saw made her shudder to the core. Before her eyes was her daughter's
wildly bouncing upside-down face. It was blanched white and knurled in sheer
agonizing pain. Her eyes were wide open; they were unblinking, glazed over and
puffy. Scores of tiny red lines spread out from her green irises in every
direction like fine spider webs.

    "Please mommy don't bite my clitoris anymore; please mommy!"

   Linda's eyes traveled upwards from her daughter's bouncing upside-down face
to her twisting torso with its two dark, dark purple ballooned mammary glands.
Linda nearly fainted dead away when she look where her daughter's once pink
eraser size nipples were once was. Instead of seeing the two nursing nibs she
saw two mince meat raw wounds that were slowly dripping blood.

   "Please mommy tell Master not to make me ride the 'horsy' anymore; please
mommy; please!"

   After cleaning his three little gifts from his bronco busting fucktoy Roy
paced the torn flesh in the dehydrator to dry the two nipples and clitoris tip
out. After he got the dehydrator going Roy went to the equipment locker to
gather a few items before he returned to the slumping teen on the splintery
sawhorse

   "OH; dear God; honey I am so sorry. Please forgive me!" Linda sobbed as she
listened to her daughter's pleads knowing that she could do nothing to help her
tortured daughter out. With mock bravo Linda tried to comfort her suffering
daughter, "Don't worry honey I'll get us out of here shortly. Just hang on a
little bit more then we'll escape from heeee...AAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEEEE!!!!!"
Linda consoling turned to a heart-wrenching scream as Roy's steel toes booted
foot rammed her already battered vagina. The force of the kick made Linda slid
across the pool of blood until she popped out from the other side of her
daughter's perched body.

   "MAGGOT WE WERE GIVEN A JOB TO DO AND IT DID NOT INVOLVE ANY BITCH PRATTLE!
NOW GET BACK TO WHAT WE ARE SUPPOSED TO BE DOING BE FOR I GET ANGRY WITH US!"
Roared Roy as he walked to the front of the sawhorse.

   Linda spun around as fast as she could and instantly begin to lap up her
daughter's blood from the floor.

   Roy looked down at the black rubber clad body of his fucktoy. She was
drooping forwarded on the sawhorse to the left with the top of her head almost
touching the floor. Her voluptuous lithe young body twisted and turned wildly
about and bucked upwards in a vain attempt to free herself from her mounted
position. To anyone else who might have seen her they would wonder why the teen
didn't simply slid off the sawhorse to the floor below as they watched her
frantic struggles.

   But Roy knew why, he giggled with the knowledge of what it was that kept his
bronco busting fucktoy upon its mount.  He visualized the 12" long 4" wide
splintery wooden buttplug stuffing his fucktoy shitter. It was this massive
buttplug along with the two five-pound weights that were stretching the tortured
teen's thin inner pussy lips that kept Wendy mounted upon the splintery
sawhorse.

   Roy stroked the massive form of Dong Kong as he watched his fucktoy hopeless
struggles to free its self from the torturous sawhorse. The black rubber suit
that his fucktoy was clad in was stretched so thin that Roy could see every
muscle ripple, every tendon strain, every sinew stand out like over taunt cables
and each and every ridge of her spine flex about as it strained mightily to
dislodge it self from its mount.

   With her wrist and ankles tightly secures behind her back Wendy had no
leverage to aid herself so the most that her wild bucking would result in was
allowing only 4 to 6 inches of the 12 inch buttplug to slip out of her abused
rectum before she fell downwards fully impaling all 12 inches of splintery wood
back up her ass. But still the tortured teen tried with all of her might to
dislodge herself from the sawhorse no mater how painful it was for her to do so.
For she knew that no matter how much pain she was causing herself the ''horsy
ride' s' were ten times more painful then her escape attempts. So the torture
teen continued with all of her might to free herself from the sawhorse. And with
the powerful stimulates that her Master had injected directly into her clitoris
gave Wendy a seemingly endless reserve of energy to assist her in her pitiful
escape attempts. Wendy didn't even know what she would do even if she managed to
dismount the sawhorse. The only thing that was passing through her mind was that
she did not want to go through another 'horsy ride'. So Wendy struggled and
struggled mightily to get herself off the dreaded splintery sawhorse.

   "My, my Piglet I see we are very anxious for our next 'horsy ride' ,"
Snickered Roy as he place the items he brought with him on the floor.

   Wendy stopped her wild frantic struggling to get off the sawhorse. She
strained to tilt her head back so she could see her tormentor squatting in front
of the sawhorse she was tiring to desperately get off of. "Please Master; no
more! Please; no more!" Whimpered Wendy in her hoarse cracked, barely audible,
meek voice. "I can't do it any more Master. It will kill me! Please Master no
more! Please..."

   As his fucktoy continued to pleading Roy grabbed its ears. Then he stood up
dragging the tormented teen's head upwards. Looking into the blanched, pain
filled face Roy in a giddy filled voice spoke, "Yes, yes I know how excited we
are to go for another 'horsy ride' , but we must be careful about trying to ride
by ourselves. After all we might hurt ourselves and we wouldn't want that to
happen now would we?" Mocked Roy to the pleading young girl. "So remember we are
not to try to ride the 'horsy' by ourselves. Always wait for me to spot us
before we go 'horsy' riding. OK?"

   "Oh, please Master no more! Please just let me go! I won't ever steal ever
again. I'll even go home ad let daddy play with me in any way he wants! Just
please no more torturing. Please Master no more! Please..."

   "Yes, yes Piglet I'll spot us for another 'horsy ride'. After all I did
promise us six fun filled ''horsy ride' s' didn't I? And we have only had three
of them so of course I'll spot us for the other three 'horsy ride' s. But first
we need some nourishment. After all we wouldn't want our health to fizzle out do
to the lack of proper nourishment now would we?

   "Please, please Master no more; no more..."

   Roy wrenched his fucktoy's ears downward to his groin level the rammed Dong
Kong in to the still pleading moist orifice until the entire 13-inches filled
the tortured teen's mouth and throat. Jerking Wendy back and forth by her ears
Roy savagely face fucked her until Dong Kong had fed her four copious loads of
its sperm.

   When Dong Kong finally went flaccid once again he released his fucktoy's
ears. Without any upper support the tortured teen flopped down to her left until
her upside-down was once again a few inches above the floor.

   Roy reached down and pick up one of the items he had gotten from the
equipment locker. He wrapped his large left hand around the dime sized squished
base of his fucktoy's left breast.

   Wendy was yanked up right by her left ballooned breast as Roy straitened up.
"Now the we have had some tasty food to keep us nice and healthy let's get
ourselves ready for our fourth 'horsy ride'. OK?"

   With long, stringy ropes of her Master's sperm drooling out of her mouth
Wendy continued to fruitlessly plead with the sadistic teen not to be tortured
anymore and for her freedom. Her pleads turned to a gurgling howl of sheer
anguish.

   His fucktoy's frantic but useless pleading filled Roy's body with joyous
blithe as he position the item he had picked up from the floor under the dark,
dark purple bloated orb. The item that Roy held in his right hand was a large
deep-sea fishhook. The type commonly used to catch marlin with. He pressed the
barbed hook to the sensitive underside of the ballooned left boob of his fucktoy
and pushed upwards.

   Though the point on the fishhook was nice and sharp Roy had to use
considerable amount of pressure and twisting to force the hook into the super
taut flesh of Wendy's ballooned mammary gland. But once the hook punctured the
drum tight outer surface of the ballooned orb it quickly pass through the fatty
flesh until it reached the inner surface of the taut skin at the top of Wendy's
swollen boob where he had to shove and twist the hook once again until it had
been force completely through the tit from bottom to top.

   Roy was ecstatic with the way his little fucktoy was reacting as he brutally
pierced its tit with a fishhook. Once he had the fishhook completely through the
left titty he released his left hand from around the dime sized squished base
and held his fucktoy upright by the fishhook with his right hand. With his free
left hand he reached up and grabbed one of the alligator clips dangling from its
bungee cord. After stretching the bungee cord downward he passed the alligator
clip through the large eye of the fishhook and snapped it back to the bungee
cord.

   Wendy strained her torso up and to the left as her tormenter let go of both
the bungee cord and the fishhook. She continuously shrieked as loud as he damage
vocal cords would allow her to throughout the long and horrible skewing of her
once proud mammary gland. For all of the pain that she was in she knew it wasn't
over yet. She still had another breast that her Master hadn't skewer yet and she
knew that he would do some horrible and agonizing thing to her once pink little
clitoris. Then would come the 'horsy ride' s; at less three more of them. So no
mater how much pain she was in from left ballooned and now stretched mammary
gland she was in for much more horrific pain. And with the powerful stimulates
that had been injected into her through her clitoris Wendy knew that she would
be wide-awake for each and every second of her torture. God how she wished that
she had not screamed when her daddy had entered the bathtub with her. No mater
what he had on his mind when he did so it could be nothing compare to the
agonizingly painful hell she was now going through. How long could her Master
torture her? She knew how long. Her Master had told her. She would be on the
'horsy' till the day she died. So the only question there was left was how long
would it be before she did died?

   With this on her young tortured mind Wendy gurgling hoarse screaming
intensified as she felt the sharp point of another fishhook burrow its way
through her right mammary gland.

   His fucktoy was sitting straighter then ever as the two bungee cords
stretched the two dark, dark purple, ballooned orbs towards the ceiling once
again. He had pierced both of his fucktoy's magnificent breasts with fishhooks
right through the thickest points of their ballooned shape. So the fishhooks
passed directly through the center of both breasts. He was pretty sure that both
of the big fishhooks would remain imbedded in the titty flesh. But if the
fishhooks did rip out of the titty flesh during a 'horsy ride'  he'll just reset
the fishhooks back into the titty flesh until the magnificent boobs were hanging
in tatters with no other place to reset the large fishhooks into.

   Once Roy finished skewering his fucktoy's ballooned breasts with the two big
fishhooks, which had her sitting upright he retrieved a much smaller fishhook
from the floor. Then he dug his fingers in to the hood that had the tipless
bleeding clitoris hiding within. He had a little problem holding on the slippery
bloody sexual organ as her pulled it out but he finally manage it and skewered
the clitoris with the small fishhook. Knowing beforehand that the eye of the
small fishhook would be to small for the alligator clip to pass through Roy had
made a loop with fishing-line and attached it to the little fishhook. It was
this loop that Roy slipped the alligator clip attached to the bungee cord at the
front of the sawhorse through.

   As his fucktoy's clit was stretched he could see that the small fishhook was
already ripping its way through the delicate tissue. He knew that it would not
take very much bronco busting to rip the fishhook out of the abused sex organ.
"O-well I'll just will have to reset the hook after each and every ride." Roy
chuckled as he picked up the syringe fill with the powerful stimulate. "Maggot
get that dog fucking twat over here and 'Sit Pretty'!" Growled Roy after he had
ejected the powerful stimulate into his fucktoy through its stretched and
bleeding clitoris.




CHAPTER FIFTEEN

   Linda couldn't do it; she just couldn't participate any longer in the
tormenting of her daughter. She just couldn't. So instead of obeying Roy's
command she crawled on her elbows and knees as fast as she could towards the
entrance to the torture chamber that lead to the mock security office.

   With bemuse twinkle in his eyes Roy watched his human-doggy scurry away. He
had thought that he had beaten and kicked all of the free will out of his
human-doggy. He was ecstatic to see that he hadn't. "I'm sorry Piglet our 'horsy
ride'  will have to be delayed for a short while." Roy giggled as he viscously
slapped his fucktoy across her blanched face a dozen times. Then he punched his
fucktoy in its nose

   Wendy's head snapped back and forth as her Master's powerful hand smacked it
about then her head snapped backwards from the punch. When he was finished her
cheeks were no longer blanched. Instead they were a fiery red and blood trickled
from the corners of her mouth and a stream of blood rushed out of her broken
nose.

   "But it seems that Maggot wants to play some Puss And Boot Tag. So just wait
here while I play with Maggot for a while. I'll return after the Puss And Boot
game is over then we'll continue our 'horsy ride' s. Ok?" Roy snickered.

   Wendy glassy eyes watched her Master slowly amble in the direction if the
torture chamber's entrance. A few seconds later her Master's booming voice
bellowing out from the mock security office.

   "MAGGOT WHERE DO WE THINK WE ARE GOING?"

   "NO! NO! NO! GET AWAY FROM ME YOU FREAK!" Wendy heard her mother sob filled
screams. Then she heard the all to familiar sound of a boot slamming into human
flesh. THUD! THUD! That sound was instantaneously followed by a heart-wrenching
scream of her mother. "AAARRGGGGGEEEEE!!!!

   "MAGGOT OPEN THEM FUCKEN' KNEES NOW!"

   "NO! NO! NO! Dear god; don't kick my vagina any more! Please; no more
kicking. I'm sorry I ran away! Please don't kick me! I just couldn't bring
myself to bite my poor daughter's clitoris anymore. Please let us go! We won't
tell anyone anything about this I promise."

   "YOU TWO BITCHES ARE NOT GOING ANY WHERE EXCEPT INTO A GARBAGE DUMPSTER AFTER
YOU'RE DEAD! NOW GET THEM FICKN' KNEES OPEN AND THEY BEST BE WIDE!

   "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no......."

   Wendy heard her mother's terrified pleading voice roll through the torture
chamber entrance. There followed a brief scrambling sound shortly followed by
her mother's head popping through the entrance of the torture chamber. Suddenly
her Master's large burly hand flashed out from the mock security office and
latched onto her mother's hair.

   "WHOA THERE MAGGOT WE'RE NOT FINISHED WITH OUR PUSS AND BOOT GAME!"

   Wendy watched both her Master's hand and her mother's panic stricken face
disappear back through the torture chamber entrance. Her mother let out a
high-pitched screech of pain as she was dragged by her hair back into the mock
security office. Wendy then heard a metallic thumping noise that indicated that
her mother had be slammed down onto the top of the metal desk in the mock
security office. There followed some metallic rattling sounds then some
ratcheting sounds, which ended with a heavy thud.

   "ALRIGHT MAGGOT WE'RE READY TO CONTINUE OUR PUSS AND BOOT GAME NOW!"

   THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD!

   "AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEE!!!!!"

   Wendy didn't know how long she listened to her Master's boot slammed into her
mother's vagina all she knew that a long, long time had pass since the sound of
her mother falling to the floor rang out. Wendy wished that she could cover her
ears to keep the horrible sound of boot smashing into flesh and her mother's
heart-wrenching screams of torment. But with her hands securely cuffed behind
her back Wendy had no choice but to listen to her mother's agonizing wails as
her vagina was brutally kicked over and over by her Master's steel-toe boot.

   "NOW THAT WE ARE FINISH WITH OUR PUSS AND BOOT GAME SHALL WE RETURN TO PIGLET
SO IT CAN ENJOY ANOTHER 'horsy ride' ?"

   In a sobbing, pain filled, meek voice Wendy heard her mother's affirmative
response in her by barking like a dog. "arf! arf!"

   Wendy was startled when her mother came flying through the entrance of the
torture chamber. She landed with a heavy thud face forwarded upon her
purple-ballooned breasts. After landing on her breasts Wendy' mother skidded
some three feet upon the rough cement floor of the torture chamber before coming
to rest. While her mother squirmed in agony upon the floor just inside if the
torture chamber Wendy watched her Master walked up behind her mother's sprawled
body. He grabbed her mother by her hair and sat her onto her knees. Wendy saw
that her mother's knees were held spread very, very wide apart by a three-foot
long bar that was cuffed at the base of her thighs just above the knees.

   Once her Master had her mother upon her knees she watched him rear-back his
left foot. Like a field place kicker Wendy watched her Master slam his steel-toe
boot into her mother's vagina. The force of his kick lifted Wendy's mother up
off her knees and soaring through the air again. She flew about two feet before
crashing to the floor upon her ballooned breasts and skidding another three feet
upon her ballooned breasts before coming to rest just before the front of the
sawhorse.

   With a joyous spring in his steps Roy walked over to his youthful fucktoy.
"MAGGOT SIT PRETTY!"

   One of the teens anguish filled sobbing was washed out by the other teen's
boisterous evil chuckling as both of the teens watched the middle-aged housewife
whimpering like a baby as she used all the energy she possessed to tried to get
to her knees. But despite all of her Herculean attempts she failed. Her vagina
had been brutally kicked so much by Roy's steel toe boot that Linda just
couldn't push herself up high enough to lift her severely scraped, ballooned,
purple breasts up off the floor much less get to her knees. But she kept on
trying over and over to obey the sadistic teen's command.

   As his human-doggy continued its valiant efforts to get to its knees Roy went
to the equipment locker, He took out a length of fishing line, a coil of rope, a
pair of tin-snipers, a propane torch, and the ampoule of powerful amphetamine
then he returned to the sawhorse and retrieve the well used syringe from to pool
of blood under his bronco busting fucktoy before returning to the struggling
human-doggy.

   "Maggot I thought that our little puss and boot game had left us with the
clear understanding that we would obey all commands that were given to us?"
Crackled Roy as he reared back his left bloodied, steel toe boot.

   THUD! CRACK! CRACK!

   "AAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEEE!!!!" Linda howled as the sadistic teen's steel toe
boot slammed into her side causing her to flip over onto her back. Not only did
the kick to her side caused her to flip over but also she felt two of her ribs
crack.

   The pain from her cracked ribs made it extremely difficult for Linda to draw
air into her lungs. As she struggling to gasp air into her lungs the sadistic
teen sat on her stomach making her labor ever harder to replenish the life
giving air.

   "I see that it didn't. So I'm going to help us out a little bit to obey my
command to 'Sit Pretty'. First so we don't go beddy-bye a little go-go juice."

   Roy filled the filthy syringe up with the powerful amphetamine and injected
it directly into her carotid artery. After the first injection he quickly
repeated it with a second dose.

   "Second this is for our boobies." Chuckled Roy as he made a loop on each end
of the length of fishing line. Roy slipped the two loops over the human-doggie's
ballooned breasts until the loops were around the squished bases of the
ballooned purple breasts. 

   "Third; this will assist us in 'Sitting Pretty'." Roy heaved the coil of rope
over the wooden beam that ran overhead. He tied one of the loose ends of the
rope to the center of the fishing line that was looped around the base of his
human-doggy titties.

   "Now while we wait while for the go-go juice to kick in we'll play a little
game of titty-badminton." With his opened burly hands Roy began to bat Linda's
ballooned purple breasts.

   Linda's anguishing howls grew louder and stronger as the double dose of
amphetamine stimulated her body and nerves to an elevated state. For over thirty
minutes Linda's ballooned purple breasts were batted back and forth, up and
down, and all around before Roy's burly hands stopped.

   Knowing that amphetamine had done its job he was sure that his human-doggy
could without any assistant get to its knees he didn't allow it the luxury of
doing so. As he got up off his human-doggy's stomach Roy yanked on the rope that
was attached to the fishing line looped around the base of the ballooned purple
breasts.

   Linda's wall rattling screams reverberated off the torture chamber's
stonewalls as she was dragged off her back by the fishing line around the base
of her breasts. The higher that Linda was hoisted the tighter the two loops of
fishing line clenched the base of her breasts.

   Roy hauled and hauled his human-doggy higher and higher until its head
smacked into the overhead beam some ten feet above the stony floor. Then he let
loose of the rope.

   Linda plummeted to the floor below her. First her feet with there broken toes
hit the floor. Despite the horrific pain that radiated from her broken toes and
up her legs from the impact with the floor Linda strained to remain on her feet.
But do to the snapped Achilles tendons Linda could no longer support herself on
her feet and she crumpled to the floor in a pain-wracked heap.

   "Now Maggot do we need a tad more encouragement or do we feel like 'Sitting
Pretty' now?"

   Despite all of the hellish pain that was throbbing throughout her tortured
body Linda didn't want the sadistic teen to kick her battered vagina nor did she
wanted to be hoisted off the floor by her mammary glands again; so as quickly as
she could Linda scrambled to her knees before her daughter.

   Once his human-doggy was on its knees he pulled the rope attached to the
fishing line looped around its ballooned purple breasts until it was almost
lifting her human-doggy off her knees; then he passed the rope through the eyes
of the two large fishhooks piercing his bronco busting fucktoy titties before he
secured the line. Now any movement from either bitch would create a gut
wrenching pain in both sets of abused, ballooned boobies.

   "Now Maggot I believe that we are owed a tad bit of discipline for our
naughty behavior? Am I right Maggot?"

   "arf! arf!" whimpered Linda as she tried to remain upright upon her knees and
remain as still as possible while trying to thrust her lassoed, purple,
ballooned breasts up higher to relive the ripping pain coursing through them.

   "Lets see now; the last time we and Piglet tried to escape we were promise a
little digit snip, snip were we not Maggot?"

   A wave of fear washed over Linda burning its way to the very core of her soul
as she watched the sadistic teen open and close the tin sheers in his left hand.
"arf! arf!"

   "Very well then I think that we have now forfeit our digits for that pathetic
escape attempt we tried." Snickered Roy as her grabbed his human-doggie's left
pinky finger.

   SNIP! CRACK!

   "AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGEEEEEEEAAAAAAGGGGGGG!!!!!" Linda howled as her left
pinky finger was cut off half way between the middle knuckle and the knuckle on
the hand. Despite her exorbitant attempts to remain still the extreme pain from
the lost of her little finger was to much fore Linda to bear. This caused her to
thrash wildly about which harshly yanked on her lassoed, ballooned breasts and
further stretched her daughter's fishhook skewered breasts.

    Roy let loose of the severed pinky finger allowing it to fall to the floor
below. Then he grabbed his human-doggie's left ring finger.

   SNIP! CRACK! The second severed finger plopped to the floor. Which was
quickly followed by the third and lastly the index finger. SNIP! CRACK! SNIP!
CRACK!

   Linda was continuously screaming as the result of agonizing pain from having
her left hand fingers cut off by the tin sheers. In addiction to the pain in her
left hand the ripping pain from her lassoed ballooned breasts were eating its
way through her body as she thrashed wildly about on her knees.

   "Four down four to go." Chuckled Roy as he exchanged the tin sheers with the
propane torch. "But first we need to do something about all of that blood that
is messing up my floor." Roy held the hot flame coming out of the torch to the
bleeding left pinky finger stub of his human-doggy.

   He paned the torch's flame over the four fingerless stubs of Linda's left
hand. Back and forth the flame went charring the middle-aged mother's flesh
until he had cauterized the four stubs.

   If it wasn't for the double dosage of the powerful stimulates Linda would
have pass out from the horrific agony she was in. She did however lost her
precarious perch on her knees and wound up hanging by her lassoed, ballooned,
breasts. Which allowed the fishing line to dig deeper and deeper into the soft
flesh at the base of her breasts.

   When Roy was satisfied that all blood flow had been stemmed from his
human-doggie's left hand then exchanged the torch for the tin sheers. He then
grabbed his human-doggie's right pinky finger.

   SNIP! CRACK! PLOP! SNIP! CRACK! PLOP! SNIP! CRACK! PLOP! SNIP! CRACK! PLOP!
In quick succession the fingers of Linda's right hand fell to the torture
chamber's floor. Followed by the cauterization of the four bloody right hand
stubs.

Once all eight finger of his human-doggy had been severed and cauterized Roy
injected it with two more dosages of the powerful amphetamine. He then collected
the eight digits from the floor and placed them in the food dehydrator along
with his bronco busting fucktoy's two tit nubs and clitoris head.
With the duel dosage of the powerful stimulant racing through her blood stream
that was setting her nervous system on fire Linda became very aware of the
fishing line lassoing the bases of her breasts slowly slicing into her flesh.
She knew if she continued to hang from her breasts her own body weight would
sever her breasts from her chest. So Linda struggled to get back on to her
knees. With her lower arms secures to her upper arms and her Achilles tendons on
both ankles snapped the middle-aged woman had no leverage to aid her in her
endeavor.

In the process of trying to get back to her knees the rope joining mother and
daughter's breasts together caused the fishhooks piercing her daughter's breasts
to be savagely yanked wildly about. By time Linda managed to get to her knees
both females were screaming in sheer agony at the top of there lungs.
Roy had watched his human-doggy struggle to get back to its knees with great
amusement. Once it was on its knees he walked to the front of the sawhorse with
a hammer in hand. "Well Piglet now that Maggot and I are finished with our
little Puss and Boot game are we ready for our next 'horsy' ride." Roy giggled
as the sobbing and pleading teenage girl staring wide-eyed at the hammer. "I'm
free to spot us; but it seems that Maggot does not want to participate in this
ride with us. It would rather just 'Sit Pretty' and watch the ride. Is that OK
with you Piglet?"

"WHY, WHY, WHY..." Wendy screamed to herself. "How could any human being be so
cruel to another?" The tormented teen sobbed as she continued to watch the
hammer in the sadistic teen's hand. "True I did steal from that record store;
but no matter what I stole; even if it was gold form Ft. Knox I don't deserve to
be tortured like this. And my poor mother; she didn't steal anything. So she
definitely shouldn't be punished at all much less tortured. So why, why, why?"
"It is! Well that mighty kind of us Piglet." Roy crackled as he raised the
hammer above his head.

THUD!

"aaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrgggggggeeeeeeeaaaaaaaagggggggggeeeeeee!!!!!!!" Wendy howled
as the hammer smashed down onto her stretched out clitoris.
Stroking Dong Kong, Roy stood back to watch his bronco busting fucktoy take off
on another thrill packed 'horsy' ride.

Wendy's wild thrashing upon the sawhorse caused Linda to screams as she was
jerked off her knees. Linda's wall rattling, agonizing screams easily drowned
out her daughter's anguishing howls as her lassoed breasts jerked her about.
Roy was right; some forty-five minutes later his bronco busting fucktoy finished
its forth 'horsy' ride he notice that the little fishhook had been ripped out of
its clitoris. After resetting the little fishhook into the bleeding sex organ
Roy injected his bronco busting fucktoy with another dose of the powerful
stimulate.

As the stimulate coursed through Wendy's youthful tormented body Roy untied the
rope and the bungee cords form the tortured teen's stretched breasts. He then
grabbed a hold of the bronco busting fucktoy's ears and feed all thirteen inches
of Dong Kong to it.

Although Dong Kong was hard as a granite rock it had spited out such a copious
amount of gooey sperm from its single eye that it took quite awhile before a
small load of the sticky, stringy spunk shot down the bronco busting fucktoy
over stretched throat and into its stomach.

"Whew!" Roy sighed as he withdrew a still hard Dong Kong from his bronco busting
fucktoy gapping mouth. He knew that he couldn't get his ball to produce another
load of male seed despite the urge to do so. For the first time in his young
life he was fucked out. Though Dong Kong was ready his ball were not so Roy
decided to wrap up the ''horsy ride' s' then in a long restful sleep before
reporting in for his next assigned duty shift in the mall above.
"What's that Piglet?" Chuckled Roy as he forced his bronco busting fucktoy into
an upright by grasping the squished base of its left breast. "You say that our
tummy is all full." Roy threaded the bungee cord through the eye of the large
fishhook piercing his fucktoy's ballooned left breast. "I can see why Piglet
after all we have been gulping down Dong Kong's tasty, high protein meals as if
there is no tomorrow."

Wendy bolted upright as the bungee cord stretched her pierced left breast
towards the ceiling.

"Well my dear little Piglet there is a tomorrow; and the day after that and the
next day and all of the days after that till we say bye-bye to this little fun
filled world of ours." Roy snickered as he attached the other bungee cord
piercing Wendy's right-ballooned breast. "But if we're full then we're full. So
I'll let us finish our ''horsy ride' s' without any further interruptions. OK?"
Roy nearly collapsed to the floor from the giggling fit he was going through as
he lessened to his bronco busting fucktoy desperate pleads of mercy.

 Roy was laughing so hard that snot was spurting out of his nose as he turned
his attention to his human-doggy curled up in a fetal position on the rough
surface of the torture chamber's cold stone floor. "Maggot do we want to
participate in the two remaining ''horsy ride' s' or do we want to hang around
and watch the remaining ''horsy ride' s'?" Roy guffawed as he yanked downward on
the rope that was tied to the fishing line lassoing the base of Linda's breasts.

   "AAAAARRRRRGGGGGEEEEEE!!!!!" Linda's agonizing howl washed out her daughter
pitiful pleads of mercy as her breasts jerked her up off the floor.

   With his human-doggy swaying by her breasts Roy drew his foot back then
slammed the steeled toed boot into its battered twat. "Well Maggot; what will it
be? One bark for watching the remaining two ''horsy ride' s' from this position.
Or two barks for full participation in the rides?"

   Despite the ripping pain in her breasts Linda managed to respond. "ARF! ARF!"
Linda landed with a heavy thud upon her knees as the sadistic teen let go of the
rope that had been suspending her above the torture chamber's floor.

   "Well; Maggot? Either we get into position or do we go back to hanging around
while watching position." Roy tired to sound harsh but midway through his threat
he burst out laughing once again.

   Linda wasted no time in scrambling on her knees to her daughter's side. As
she did so she could fell blood flowing down her torso from where the fishing
line lassos had dug into the squished bases of her dark purple, ballooned
breasts. She knew that if she were to be hoisted up off the floor by her breasts
the thin fishing line would continue to slice its way through her breast tissue
until they were severed. So with deep regret Linda slammed her elbows onto the
5lb weight dangling from her daughter's stretched inner labia lip. Stretching
the abused flesh even more. She craned her neck and placed her open mouth over
her daughter's destroyed clitoris. Lind shivered to the core with dread as she
whipped tongue across the bloody sex organ. "Dear God let us die! Please God!
Pleas......AAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGEEEEEEEAAAAGGGGGEEEE!!!!!" Linda's silent pleads
turned to a loud anguishing howl as the hammer slammed down to smash the
remaining toes on her right foot.

   When her mother's teeth sunk deep into her abused clitoris once again Wendy
took off on her fifth agonizing 'horsy' ride.

   After sinking her teeth into her daughter's clitoris Linda had collapsed to
the floor withering in agony from having the last of her toes pulverized by a
hammer. "Dear God; Wendy has another 'horsey' ride to go but all of my toes have
been smashed. I don't even have fingers. All I got are my thumbs. I guess that's
what I going to lose to my daughter's sixth ''horsy ride' '. Dear god take us
away from this living hell!"

   "MAGGOT; SIT PRETTY!" No sooner then the command left his mouth Roy yanked
harshly upwards on the rope that was fastened to the fishing line lassoing his
human-doggy's boobies.

   "AAAARRRGGGGEEEE!!!" Linda didn't have a chance to compile with the sadistic
teen's command. Her dark purple, ballooned breasts yanked her to her knees. She
felt the loops of fishing line cut deeper into her squished mammary glands as
she was yanked into kneeling position. Throughout her daughter's wild thrashing
of her fifth ''horsy ride' ' Linda was yanked up off the floor by her lassoed
breasts. While hanging by her dark purple, ballooned breasts the sadistic teen
would slam his steel-toed boot into her battered vagina before being lowered to
her knees once again.

   For nearly twenty minutes mother and daughter went through their own
agonizing hellish torture for the amusement of the sadistic teen. When Wendy's
agonizing, frantic thrashing subsided Roy knew that despite Dong Kong's
stiffness he would not be able to generate another load of his high protein male
seed for his bronco busting fucktoy to eat. So instead of trying to feed it he
would go directly go on to the last promised 'horsy ride'. So he left the bungee
cords attached to the two large fishhooks piercing his bronco busting fucktoy's
boobies in place. He did however had to reset the little fishhook that had
ripped its way out of the bloody, shredded clit. Then he injected both of his
playthings with another dosage of the strong amphetamine before barking "MAGGOT;
TIME FOR THE FINAL 'horsy ride'."

   As Linda scrambled on her knees into position she quickly glances out of the
corners of her eyed to her yet undamaged thumbs. What would the sadistic teen do
to them? Would he break them? Or smash them like he did to her toes? Or perhaps
snip the thumbs off with sheers like he did with her fingers. Linda wasn't sure
which method the sadistic teen would employ. What she was certain of was that
she was about to lose the usage of her thumbs.

   Linda was wrong about losing the use of her thumbs instead her mouth that was
covering her daughter's shredded clitoris was pulled off by a harsh yanking to
her breasts. Her dark purple, ballooned breasts hoisted the middle-aged mother
into the air until her knees were about a foot off the torture chamber's floor.

   "Maggot; we have been such a good little human-doggy that I have decided to
let us watch Piglet's last 'horsy ride'. Doesn't that sound like fun?' Roy
giggled as her tied the rope that his human-doggy dangled from to the two large
fishhooks imbedded in his bronco busting fucktoy's boobies.

   Despite the ripping pain in her chest Linda used every ounce of will power to
try to remain absolutely still to minimize the horrific ripping pain in her dark
purple, ballooned mammary glands. Linda watch through tear filled, but alert
eyes as the sadistic teen approach her daughter with a large packing stapler in
hand.

   BANG, BANG, BANG! Roy fired three of the large packing staples directly into
his bronco busting fucktoy's shredded clitoris. The result were as if the
human-doggy had bitten into the destroyed sex organ as it took off on its last
'horsy ride'. With his bronco busting fucktoy thrashing wildly about and his
human-doggy being jerked about like a puppet Roy went to his soft comfy bed. He
watched the with glee the final wild 'horsy ride' until he nodded of to the Land
of Nod.

   When Roy awoke he took a quick shower, (a cold one to knock the wind out of
Dong Kong). After dressing and eating breakfast Roy injected his two playthings
with another dosage of amphetamine before going topside for his next duty shift.




EPILOGUE

   When the doors to the elevator opened Roy herded the three teenagers he had
detain for shoplifting towards the mock security office far underground of the
shopping mall a evil smile spread across his face.  Yep; Roy had though that he
would hate being a security guard at one of the nation's largest Shopping Malls
but no longer. But as fate would have it Roy wouldn't now give this security job
up for any other job on earth. After all what other job would he have a wide
assortment of playthings to select from. In the three years he had worked at
this mall he had acquired ten living sex toys.

   There was Tricia O'Neil his first fucktoy. He had caught her shoplifting
items from the mall so she could pawn them to feed her starving babies. She
didn't last long before she died from a crush windpipe. Roy still roared with
laughter at the thought of Tricia's stepfather, (who he had framed) spend life
without the possibility of parole for her death. Then there was Wendy Hughes a
teenager who stole CD's and a CD-player from a mall music store after she was
molested by her own father in the shower. Not only did Wendy became his next
fucktoy but also Roy had tricked her mother Linda into becoming a fucktoy also.
He had resigned Wendy to being a bronco busting plaything and her mother to a
torturous life as a human-doggy. To be fucked by a real dog and suck a real
dog's pussy. Next came Donna Littleton, followed by Susan Knight, then Mary
Duncan, Peggy Knight, Brenda Lang, Sally Cook, and Beth Johnson.

   Of the ten only Wendy, her mother Linda, Peggy and Beth were still alive. The
other six had died in one-way or another. Now he had three more fresh, succulent
teens to torture at his whim. A perfect backer's dozen. He was going to enjoy
torturing the three of them as a set. He wondered if any of the three would
survive the agonizing games he had planed for them. He didn't care the only ones
he wanted to keep alive as long as possible was Linda and Wendy. The Mother,
daughter dual. He knew that both of their minds has snapped long ago but he just
couldn't part with them. Wendy had been on the splintery sawhorse for over two
years. Each and every second being kept wide-awake by powerful stimulates with
nothing to eat or drink except for his piss and sperm. While the mother live
like a dog. A very ill treated dog that was constantly kicked with a steel-toed
boot directly to her battered twat.

   Yep; this was the perfect life. An endless supply of twats to do with as he
please. Life couldn't get any better then this.

  

   THE END

  

  
THE MALL OF TORTURE




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R.B. Thibo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





