BDSM Library - Luxury Suite




Luxury Suite
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A snooty businesswoman gets what she deserves at a luxury hotel, as she is dominated by her room maid.
The Suite


Sylvia had finally finished placing all her stuff in the right place of her
hotel's suite. The lingerie and hosiery in the upper drawers, the suits and
dresses in the hangers, a dozen pairs of pumps and sandals in the closet, and
all the perfumes and cosmetics in the bathroom. Although it only was a four
day's business trip, Sylvia carried a wardrobe enough for three weeks. Aware of
being a beautiful woman and how it helped in her career, she always took good
care of her look making difficult to notice she was in her mid thirties.

She was very tired after a long day working and traveling, and her only wishes
were taking a shower and go to bed early. After undressing she started removing
her makeup and found that the tissue paper supply on the bathroom was over.
Sylvia immediately picked the phone and angrily complained with the concierge.

It's an unacceptable mistake for a luxury hotel like this! Sylvia yelled at the
concierge. As she was a regular guest, the man reacted promptly calling the room
service supervisor. The supervisor rapidly found that Maria was the maid in
charge of Sylvia's room. He severely reprimanded her and told her she will have
a discount on her payment because of her fault.

Maria picked a tissue paper box and headed to Sylvia's suite. When the guest
opened the door Maria kindly apologized, only to hear more angry complaints from
Sylvia.

Somebody should be more careful when hiring  this hotel's personnel! Shouted
Sylvia as she slammed the door on Maria's face. The maid realized there was
nothing to discuss with that snooty bitch, and although she was accustomed to
some mistreat from some guests that businesswoman had gone too far. Maria wanted
to give Sylvia a deserved comeuppance, but she had to think about the three kids
she had to maintain, and being a single mother made her appreciate every cent
she could earn, so she had to put away her thoughts.

Next afternoon, Sylvia ended her workday early and after doing some shopping she
went back at the hotel by 4PM. She sexily walked through the lobby drawing the
attention of every man there as she retouched her makeup while waiting for the
elevator. Sylvia was wearing a tight black double-breasted skirt suit with white
lapels and wrists, black sheer stockings and black patent leather high heel
pumps. During the elevator trip, Sylvia caressed her nicely done brown hair
while looking at herself at the mirror. Minutes ago Maria had finished doing
Sylvia's room and was browsing the drawers surprised by the expensive lingerie
sets and hosiery when Sylvia entered the room and shouted her.

What do you think you're doing? I'll report it to the manager right now! Maria
was frozen, as she only was being curious and she didn't planned to take
anything.

Madame, I was just looking, you have nothing to report, please. Maria begged
knowing she would be fired for sure if Sylvia reported her, but the angry guest
headed directly to the phone. Maria desperately approached Sylvia grabbing her
hand before she could dial while pleading her not to report it.

How do you dare to touch me? Get out of here! Shouted Sylvia after slapping the
maid's face. While heading out of the room Maria was about to cry knowing she
would lose her job, and when she reached the door she decided it wouldn't
happen. The maid locked the door and walked directly to Sylvia who picked up the
phone again.

Put down that phone, bitch! Maria yelled at the surprised businesswoman.

I told you to get out, or you'll be in serious trouble! Sylvia answered without
knowing the anger she had just unleashed. Maria stood at three feet from Sylvia
and warned her.

If you don't put that phone down you'll be the one in trouble, bitch! For a few
seconds Sylvia hesitated before she restarted dialing and threatened the maid.




Part 2

I'll make you fired right n... Sylvia couldn't finish her threat as the maid
roughly slapped her face and grabbed her by the jacket lapels forcing her to put
down the phone.

W-what are y....aaaaaah! Sylvia cried when Maria kneeled her on the groin. The
pain made her bent as Maria let her jacket lapels go. Sylvia staggered back
covering her crotch with both hands till her butt rested on the edge of the
room's desk.

Well bitch, you'll get the beating of your life! Laughed Maria while Sylvia
jumped at her clawing her sharp nails at the maid's breasts. Maria cried in pain
but reacted promptly grabbing Sylvia's hair from the back and kneeled her twice
in the stomach.

Ooooooh! The businesswoman cried as she felt breathless on her knees and ripped
Maria's blouse before releasing her breasts. Though her breasts were aching,
Maria knew she was in total control and from now on, she wouldn't let that bitch
surprise her again.

It seems you like it the hard way, so I'll please you! The maid grabbed Sylvia's
hair and forced her to stand up with such a strength that Sylvia knew she had no
opportunity against a woman accustomed to physical work.

Ok, I am sorry for being rude to you, please accept my apologies! Sylvia begged
at the maid who still was grabbing her hair.

Oh dear, you're sorry? I'll make you be really sorry! Laughed Maria while she
let Sylvia's hair go and looked at her opponent. Sylvia's self confidence was
gone and now she was really scared and Maria noticed it. The maid roughly
slapped Sylvia's face twice making her land on the couch and as she tried to
stand up, a third slap made her sit again. Sylvia teased her burning cheeks and
started crying.

Please stop! Sylvia begged before Maria grabbed her jacked and pulled her up
hardly. The jacket didn't support and as buttons flew Maria ripped part of it.
Part of Sylvia's chest was now exposed together with her pink lacy bra. As the
lower buttons resisted, Maria partially striped the jacket down to Sylvia's
elbows, restricting her arm's movements. Sylvia was defenseless, as Maria
approached her and teased her breasts.

Nice tits and nice bra, bitch. Are these natural? Maria smiled at the terrified
Sylvia while softly teased her nipples trough the lacy bra cup. Sylvia's nipples
hardened with the first touch and unable to control herself, she released soft
moans. For a few seconds she surrendered to the teasing until she realized the
awful reality, she was a successful businesswoman being overpowered by a female
hotel employee, and worst of all, that latin woman was sexually playing with her
and somehow she likes it. It made Sylvia to attempt putting an end to it.

Yes, please leave me, I'll compensate you, please! Sylvia implored to no avail.

Sure you will! Answered Maria before squirting hardly Sylvia's breast with her
left hand and slapped her face repeatedly with her right hand.

Oooooh.....aaah....aaaah....ple....aaah! Sylvia's tit ached like hell, and she
was getting more and more stunned at each slap. Sylvia had spread her stockinged
legs slightly and as Maria continued the punishment, her legs bent making
Sylvia's tight skirt to rip on the back. Maria released her tit and stopped
slapping her, forcing Sylvia to kneel in front of the coffe table. The maid
stood behind Sylvia and stamped her foot at her back making her chest and head
rest on the table. Now Sylvia was sobbing and exposing her pink lace panties and
garter belts, and it was a big temptation for Maria.

Nice tight ass bitch, you leave me no other option than kicking it! The maid
laughed before releasing her anger and frustration on the rich bitch. Sylvia
represented everything she hated of the snooty, wealthy, white bitches she had
to serve daily, and now was her time to take a sweet revenge. Maria applied
several kicks on her asshole and cheeks and Sylvia's ass bounced while her legs
kicked at each hit as she begged for mercy.




Part 3

Please, I'll give you 500 in cash now, please stop! Maria immediately stopped
kicking her and smiled.

That won't be enough bitch! Cried Maria before grabbing the poor Sylvia's hair
pulling her up. When Sylvia stood up Maria ripped her jacket off, leaving the
beauty in her lingerie and the remains of her skirt. Whit her arms free, Sylvia
attempted to cover her breasts staggering back and when she reached the edge of
the couch Maria roughly slapped her face several times until Sylvia was almost
unconscious.

Aah....aah...ooh...mmm.... Sylvia finally fainted and felt sitting on the couch
with her arms dangling by the side of each armrest. Maria lifted Sylvia's head,
just to check she was out cold and soon she knew how to wake Sylvia up. She went
to the suite's refrigerator and came back to Sylvia with some ice cubes. Maria
put some ice cubes between Sylvia's tits and bra cups, and as she was recovering
conscience Maria inserted a couple of cubes into Sylvia's pussy.

W-what.... Sylvia was wondering what was causing that strange sensation on her
pussy and tits, and when she could open her eyes and saw the maid smiling at her
she wasn't having a nightmare. It was real.

Are you done bitch? Asked Maria while she spread Sylvia's legs and stamped her
foot on her crotch. She was delighted at the sight of the dazed rich girl spread
on the couch. At this moment Maria decided Sylvia would be her toy, at least for
a few days.

Ooooh.... Please....no more...ple..aaaah.... Sylvia was feeling pain and
pleasure as Maria drove her toes into her pussy together with the pink lace
panty. Sylvia continued moaning when Maria grabbed her leg by the ankle and
started scratching her sheer black stocking from tight to calf, one leg after
the other.

Now bitch, listen carefully what you have to do!  Maria prompted while removed
her foot from the beauty's wet pussy. Sylvia remained moaning spread on the
couch as Maria continued.

You'll call the concierge, tell him you were mistaken and ask him to charge
another five hundred tip for housekeeping in your account.

Ok I'll do it, please stop! Sylvia agreed while Maria grabbed her hair and
dragged her to the phone, dialed and put her on the phone. Sylvia did everything
she was told to, and when she finished Maria violently stripped her bra and
skirt, leaving her wearing her panties, garter belt, stockings and black pumps
with her perfect tits bouncing. Sylvia was embarrassed but at the same time, the
fact of being humiliated by a strong latina aroused her beyond her control.
Maria sat in the bed and smiling at the humiliated business woman ordered Sylvia
to suck her sandal's soles. Sylvia kneeled down and crawled straight to Maria
and started licking her soles.

I'll be after you bitch! Do you still think you are better than me? Maria spoke
very calmly to her victim.

No, I am sorry, it won't happen again! Sylvia implored as she was feeling hot
being dominated by the maid and managed to make her nipples tease the carpet
while she slurped Maria's soles. Maria noticed that Sylvia was getting horny and
somehow it wasn't a surprise for her.

Well, that's enough slut! Maria stood up and ordered Sylvia to do the same. When
she touched Sylvia's wet crotch, her victim moaned and her legs trembled.

Listen slut, I have to leave now but I haven't finished with you yet, so you
won't leave the hotel unless I allow you to! Maria grabbed Sylvia's red face who
now was hot like hell with her fingers shoved in her cunt.

Yes I won't. Please tell me what do you want me to do. Sylvia had completely
surrendered.

You'll tell me every movement you make. I want to know your complete agenda,
okay bitch? Maria's first demand sounded simple.

And you'll do anything I tell you to, and from now on you call me madam,  it's
that clear honey?

Yes Madam, I'll do anything you want.

Well, let's start with tonight. What are you going to do, slut?

 I've appointed a dinner at 8PM here at the hotel with our associate in the
city.

Well slut, I'll be here at 7:30 to check you are properly prepared. Maria
laughed before she stepped back and pushed Sylvia making her land on the bed.
When Maria was leaving the suite Sylvia was curled in the bed about to reach the
climax, moaning like a whore sucking her fingers and stroking her pussy with her
other hand.




Part 4

Sylvia was so busy masturbating that she didn't notice Maria picking one of her
credit cards before leaving. Before she came his mind was full of images of
Maria ripping her expensive clothes, slapping her face, caressing and squeezing
her breasts and forcing her to suck her soles. Sylvia frantically drove her
fingers in and out her pussy. Her legs were shaking as her moans turned into
loud cries of pleasure, and finally had the deepest orgasm in her entire life.
Her cries faded as she felt asleep in matter of minutes.

At 6:30 the phone rang several times before Sylvia managed to answer it. She
still was dazed and somehow she knew who was calling before hearing Maria's
voice.

Listen carefully slut, you have to prepare properly for dinner. I'll be there in
about one hour and I expect to find you clean, with your hair done, make-up
applied and naked on the couch. It's that clear?

Yes madam. Sylvia felt her crotch become wet again while she hurried to the
shower. After taking a rapid shower she made an appointment with the hotel's
hairdresser and by 7:20 her hair was perfectly done, and the make-up session had
eliminated all traces of the slapping.

When Maria entered the suite she found Sylvia sitting naked on the couch as
ordered.

Stand up for inspection bitch! Sylvia obeyed at once. She couldn't figure out
why she was behaving that way, somehow consenting being dominated by this low
class woman. Maria stared at her perfect body from head to toes and she couldn't
avoid smiling at the thought of having such a beautiful and wealthy toy.

Well slut, there's some issues we should solve now. From now on, you'll always
wear high heels, even when you sleep. Understood?

Yes Madam. Sylvia answered as she took the black pumps and slipped her feet into
the shoes.

And for personal hygiene reasons, you'll keep your pussy shaved from now on.

Yes madam, shall I do it Now?

Of course, slut.

As Sylvia headed to the bathroom Maria stopped her.

One more thing. You must walk in a different way. I want your white ass swinging
more when you walk at every time. Do it!

Sylvia did as ordered all the way to the bathroom, and a few minutes later she
emerged with her pussy shaved. Maria ordered Sylvia to stand in front of her,
afterwards spreading her slender legs to tease her pussy. Sylvia moaned when
Maria's finger penetrated her already wet pussy.

You're quite a slut, but now you have to get dressed. Maria opened the closet
doors and browsed through the suits and dresses, until she picked a white knee
length satin dress and made Sylvia try it. Her toy looked perfect in the
designer dress, but Maria had a better idea. She called the lower level Armani
shop and asked them to make an emergency alteration for a hotel's guest. In ten
minutes Maria returned with the dress and continued with the lingerie selection
for her toy. She picked a white lacy bra, panty and garterbelt with sheer white
seamed stockings. Before starting with the dress Sylvia slipped into a pair of
white 4" pumps and asked Maria's permission to wear a pearl necklace and
bracelet. But she almost fainted when she slipped into the dress, that now was
10" shorter barely covering her stocking tops, and much tighter forcing the
cleavage wider allowing a peek to her lacy bra.

I can't wear that! It's a business dinner, please! Sylvia begged, only to
receive a soft face slap.

You  forgot to say Madam, and you'll wear what I want honey. Besides, every man
would accept any business proposal you can make.

Sorry Madam, but our local associate is a woman, please let me dress properly!
Maria laughed but she had no intention to go back, and the possibility of having
two pets was much more interesting now and perhaps, more profitable.

You can go dressed as you are, or I can take you naked to the restaurant, bitch.
Sylvia was sure she would, so she headed out of the room followed by Maria. When
Sylvia entered the elevator, Maria remembered her how she should walk before
heading to the service elevators. During the elevator trip Sylvia concentrated
on sliding down her dress to cover her stocking tops, but at her slightest
movement the lacy tops showed again. She crossed the lobby bouncing her ass
until she met her local partner, Christine,  a beautiful forty years old blonde
that was unable to hide how surprised she was after looking at Sylvia from head
to toes. Opposite to Sylvia she was wearing a beige knee length skirt suit, a
white silk shiny blouse with a decent cleavage and matching 4" beige pumps that
accented her classy look. Though she was wearing in a conservative way, it was
clear she had a firm slender body under her elegant suit, and she was proud of
it. Both ladies headed to the restaurant where the maitre leaded them to the
table. At the middle of the dinner, the waiter approached and told Sylvia she
had a phone call. Sylvia instantly knew who was before nervously walking to the
courtesy phones. It was Maria.

Listen well slut, after dinner you'll take your stupid friend to the suite.
You'll find a pill over the coffe table, offer her a drink and dissolve the pill
on her drink. Understood?

Yes Madam. Sylvia headed back to the table excited and nervous. Her pussy
rapidly become wet as she tried to figure out Maria's plans for her and her
beautiful blonde friend. After finishing dinner she convinced Christine to go to
the suite with the lame excuse of giving her some paperwork for tomorrow's
meetings. Christine accepted as her husband was on a business trip for the whole
week and arriving home late wouldn't be a problem for her. Once in the suite,
Christine finally accepted the drink after several offers from Sylvia. Both
ladies sat in the couch and Sylvia couldn't help staring at the perfect neatly
crossed legs of the blonde covered with cream pantyhose. Christine had almost
finished her drink when she started to feel confused, loosing control of her
movements. She unsuccessfully tried to stand up and walk to the door but
although she was perfectly conscious she could barely stand up.

Please call me a taxi, I don't think I could drive home. Maybe I drunk too much.
Christine was unaware of what was going to happen to her, and her confusion grew
when she saw the maid enter the suite carrying a large bag.

Well done slut. Now stand with your back against the wall while I play with your
friend. Maria prompted Sylvia, before standing in front of Christine and
grabbing the blonde's jacket lapels pulling her up. The confused blonde was
trying to figure out what was happening there. She was being held by a latin
hotel maid and Sylvia was against the wall, looking at them while teasing her
crotch.

Your stupid friend Sylvia is my toy, as well as you are now, bitch. Maria
threatened the unresisting blonde while started unbuttoning her jacket. Once the
jacket reached the floor, she pushed Christine to the bed. The blonde laid face
up on the bed while Maria unbuttoned her blouse and revealed a satin brown bra
covering the blonde's magnificent breasts.

W-What a..are you doing, please d-don't Christine tried to protest while Maria
fondled her breasts.

You'll learn to be a nice pet, shut up slut! Maria yelled before slapping the
defenseless blonde's face. Christine softly cried and looking for help turned
her head to Sylvia, only to see her sliding her panty crotch to a side in order
to drive her finger deeply in her pussy. After searching inside the bag she had
brought, Maria went back to Christine carrying a big 12" vibrator. The blonde
instantly knew what was going to happen. She would be raped by other woman.

Don't worry honey. I've learned today that rich bitches like you love to be
controlled. Isn't that true Sylvia-slut?

Yes Madam.

Shall I rape your stupid friend, bitch?

Yes Madam.

And by the way, what's your name slut?

Please let me go, I'll pay you, just tell me how much! Christine desperately
tried to avoid the inevitable only to receive another slap.

I made a question slut!

C-Christine.

That's fine slut. But before the real fun begins I'll take a few snapshots.

The maid left the vibrator over the bed and ordered Sylvia join Christine on the
bed. She took several fake photos of both business ladies teasing and kissing
each other, with her skirts raised, breasts showing but still completely
dressed. After the photo session Christine remained face up in the bed and
Sylvia had to go back to the wall and watch Maria start playing with the blonde.

Maria grabbed the blonde's ankles, afterwards dragging her to the edge of the
bed enough to leave her calves dangling. After sliding up the beige skirt and
spreading Christine's legs, Maria ripped the blonde's pantyhose crotch to gain
access to her pussy. She probed Christine's pussy with her fingers only to
confirm that it was completely dry. Christine was sobbing, and though the effect
of the drug was fading she was too terrified to react. Maria grabbed the
vibrator and ordered Christine to suck it, though  the blonde's firs reaction
was a refusal , after a few seconds of rough breast squeezing Maria shoved the
vibrator into her mouth silencing the blonde's cries. Maria continued teasing
Christine's nipples until her body betrayed her. The blonde spread her legs
wider, her nipples hardened and when Maria removed the vibrator from her
drooling mouth Christine was softly moaning.

I knew you were a stupid blonde whore!  Maria laughed at the moaning business
lady before leaving Christine's 38d breasts exposed above the shiny satin bra
cups. The maid probed the blonde's wet pussy with her finger before shoving the
vibrator inside as Christine's body responded trembling.

Ahhh...ooohh....aaahhh...! Christine horny cries grew louder as Maria inserted
the vibrator and secured it with her panty crotch.

If you want me to turn the vibrator on you must say you are a whore. Maria
softly spoke to Christine while she grabbed duct tape from her bag.

I am a whore, please!

Just it? Maria prompted.

I am a stupid blonde slut, I am a dirty hooker, I want you to do me whatever you
want. Now Christine had completely surrendered. When Maria turned the vibrator
on, the blonde struggled on the bed and her pantyhosed legs started kicking.

Maria left the busy blonde and walked to Sylvia.

Is Sylvia-slut masturbating? Sylvia was leaning on the wall, with her lacy white
panties on her knees, rubbing her pussy and pinching her nipples amazed at the
view of her friend being raped. Maria grabbed her hair and dragged Sylvia
afterwards dumping her on chair in front of the bed. The maid fixed Sylvia's
wrists to the chair's arms with the duct tape, removed the panties from her
knees while Sylvia complained. She was so horny and her need to cum so urgent
that she begged Maria to allow her masturbate.

Please Madam, let me cum, I need to cum, please! Maria's answer was a face slap
before she stuffed the panty into Sylvia's pussy, leaving the bound brunette
twisting her nyloned legs and moaning. As a final touch she pulled Sylvia's
breasts out of her bra cups and roughly pinched her hard nipples.

Maria turned to Christine, who still was struggling on the bed, and grabbing the
blonde's breasts lifted her up forcing her to stand up. Though the drug effect
was gone, the blonde staggered on her 4" beige pumps with her body slightly bent
forward while Maria used the duct tape to tie her wrists in her back. Her skirt
still was up when Maria grabbed her blond hair and buried her face into Sylvia's
crotch.

Now slut, remove the panties from your stupid friend pussy.

Kneeling in front of her friend, Christine promptly secured with her teeth the
emerging panty tip from Sylvia's pussy and turned her head to Maria, who stuffed
the wet panties into Sylvia's mouth.

Show me how you love to suck pussy.

No, please I can't do t.... Christine complained before Maria gave her a hard
kick on her ass and buried her head on Sylvia's crotch again. The blonde started
licking her friend's juicy pussy as Sylvia crossed her legs on Christine's back,
trying to force the blonde to suck her deeper. Christine's pantyhosed ass
bounced as the vibrator worked on her pussy taking her to a wild orgasm. The
blonde's loud cries were tempered by the smothering she was suffering from
Sylvia's legs pressure, and before she could take her face out of Sylvia's
crotch her face was flooded with her friend juices when Sylvia finally came.

In the meantime Maria was taking photos of the lesbian scene, and when both
ladies finished she turned the vibrator off before removing it from Christine's
pussy. When the businesswomen recovered their breath, Maria untied them and
forced both to stand in front of the bedroom's mirror.




Part 5


One day ago, none of them would believed the scene they were seeing. The
formerly proud ladies were made a mess, skirts up, breasts exposed, pussies
dripping, Sylvia's mouth stuffed with her own panties and Christine's face
soaked in juices. But worst of all, their dignity was gone in hands of the hotel
maid.

Well sluts, let's talk about business.... As Maria calmly spoke, both ladies
turned their heads towards her.

I didn't ordered you to look at me. Keep watching at the mirror, bitches! 
Sylvia and Christine immediately watched at themselves again and Maria
continued. Sylvia had taken the best part, two orgasms in a few hours and her
pussy eaten by another woman for the first time. The brunette's thoughts were
divided between considering degrading and humiliating the recent events, and the
unstoppable heat she was felling at the mere thought of being humiliated, forced
and even raped by this latina. Christine was feeling quite different. The blonde
was devastated, she still couldn't believe this really happened to her. She
remembered that ten years ago she left a theater when an artsy lesbian scene
started at the european movie she was watching. At this moment she found
lesbianism repulsive, and in the last hour she had been raped by other woman and
forced to suck her associate's pussy.

Today is my last day as a maid. I've taken wonderful pictures of two rich dykes,
and from now on, both of you will take care about all my financial needs, and
that is 1,000 in cash weekly.

Christine suddenly realized she also had lost control of her own life and
started crying. These photos could ruin not only her career but also her happy
marriage. That amount in cash wasn't a problem for them, but both knew it
wouldn't end there.

That's for starting, maybe I require some additional service from you both. Is
it fine? Both ladies nodded as Maria approached to Christine, and using her
index finger lifted the sobbing blonde's chin. Her face was a mess, the make-up
dissolved in pussy juices and her blonde hair stuck on her cheeks.

You should call home. We don't want anybody concerned for you being late, don't
we? Maria evilly smiled at the poor blonde.

There's nobody there. I have no kids and my husband is traveling for the whole
week. As soon as Christine ended the phrase she realized that the automatic
answer was a grave mistake.

That's good news bitch!  Consider yourself a guest of the hotel tonight. Maria
walked around the humiliated women and changed her plans. Having both ladies at
the same place solved several problems, and probably added more fun to the
upcoming days. Now Maria's next step was to prepare  her toys to sleep. She
stood behind Sylvia and after unzipping her dress, roughly striped it down. A
"mmphh" came from the unresisting brunette's panty stuffed mouth, and as Maria
interpreted it as a complaint, she grabbed Sylvia's shoulder forcing the
brunette to face her and applied a hard slap at Sylvia's face. The slap took her
by surprise, and as her were legs entangled with the dress Sylvia staggered on
her heels loosing balance. Maria smiled at her and slapped her face again,
making her land face up on the carpet. Sylvia was trying to stand up when the
maid laughed at her.

Take the dress off and wear your panties properly, slut! After removing the
dress completely Sylvia took the soaked panties out of her mouth afterwards
sliding them up her legs.

On your knees and hands in your head, Sylvia-slut! The brunette did it
immediately. She was stunning wearing the expensive white lingerie set with her
perfect breasts emerging out of the bra cups. In the meantime Maria faced
Christine.

It's your turn bitch, undress now!  The blonde unzipped her skirt and after
stepping out of it she unbuttoned the remaining buttons of the blouse. She
turned her head to Maria looking for approval as the blouse reached the floor.
The maid noticed Christine was terrified and decided to play a little with her
blonde toy. Maria contemplated the firm body of the forty years old blonde
before standing in front of her and started fondling Christine's large breasts.

Did  you enjoy sucking pussy? The blonde stiffened her body as the maid teased
her.

No, I didn't like it, please let me go! It wasn't the answer Maria was
expecting. The maid pinched one of Christine's nipples hardly just to remember
the blonde to treat her as "Madam".

It seems you're a first class cunt licker, aren't you?

No, Madam. Christine's nipples were hard as rocks against her own will. The
blonde considered the fact of being teased by other woman humiliating but her
body was betraying her again. After enlarging the hole of Christine's pantyhose
Maria passed her fingers trough her wet pantie's crotch making her release soft
moans.

Mmmm...Ooo....mmm... Christine surrendered again.

You've just confirmed you're a stupid blonde slut. Maria laughed at her before
stopping the teasing. Christine was embarrassed at her lack of self control and
now she was missing the vibrator on her pussy.

You don't look very classy now, slut. Let's fix your make-up. The maid grabbed
Christine's hair and dragged her to the bathroom. The blonde's tits bounced all
the way until they reached the bathroom as her heels clinked on the hard
surface.

First, we have to wash your face. Maria pushed down the blonde's hair forcing
Christine to kneel in front of the toilet.

No, please not here Mad.... Before she could end, Maria buried Christine's head
into the toilet. The blonde struggled to get released and her legs kicked
frantically, but Maria was far stronger than her, and after 30 seconds the maid
lifted her head to allow the poor blonde to breathe, afterwards releasing her.
Christine managed to stand up and Maria threw a towel  at her face.

Now you look fresher, bitch! In fact, Christine looked worst than before as her
shoulder length blonde hair was completely soaked and her make-up thoroughly
blurred.

You've got 10 minutes to fix your hair and make-up. Use your slut friend stuff 
while I take care of her.

When Maria left the bathroom Christine rapidly started with her task. She was
applying herself the make-up remover when loud moans came from the bedroom.
Christine continued as ordered and the moans turned into cries. Sylvia was
begging for mercy, and though Christine was unable to see her, it was clear that
Maria was doing her something awful. Minutes later, the blonde that now had her
hair done and bold make-up walked into the bedroom only to get shocked at the
scene. Sylvia was facing the bedroom wall, kneeling at two feet of the wall, her
face and hands were leaning against the wall while Maria, still dressed with her
uniform, was kneeling behind her raping her asshole with a huge black strap-on
dildo.

Aaaahh.....Pp..ple..please aaaahh! Maria was wildly driving the dildo in and out
of poor Sylvia's ass trough a hole made at the delicate lace panties. Every time
the maid pushed the dildo to the end, Sylvia's legs kicked as the crying
brunette clawed her nails in the wall. While she watched, Christine's pussy
started dripping again at the sight of the successful businesswoman being anally
raped by the maid.

Tell me how you love it, bitch!

Aaah... I lo...v..it  aaaaaahh!  Sylvia reached her climax when Maria grabbed
her hair and pushed her head back trying to force the dildo deeper into the
brunette. Her body shook as tears flooded from the breathless brunette's eyes.
Maria unplugged the strap-on dildo from Sylvia's ass leaving her trembling on
the floor. The maid stood up and faced Christine who was at the bedroom's door,
visible aroused and softly pinching her nipples. The blonde instantly knew what
was going to happen when Maria walked towards her.

Our black friend wants to meet a blonde cutie! Maria waved the dildo at the
terrified blonde.

No Madam, please, not in the ass! Christine uselessly implored when Maria forced
her to go to the living-room, kneel on the couch and let her tummy rest against
the couch's back. Maria said no word while stripped Christine's pantyhose and
panties to her mid thighs.

Raise your white bitch ass now! The blonde started to cry when Maria shoved her
finger into her tight ass.

Unlike your slut friend you've a real virgin asshole! We'll solve it now honey!
Maria realized the blonde would cry loudly and though the hotel had tick walls,
she decided to stuff the vibrator into the blonde's mouth.

If you let it fall I'll wipe the floor with you. Understood? Christine nodded
while Maria accommodated herself behind the blonde. When Maria started pushing
the dildo in, Christine saw the stars. The pain was unbearable as she felt her
body was being broken in two parts, left and right. She reacted trying to grab
the dildo but Maria twisted the blonde's arm on her back and pushed hardly as
tears started running on her face.

Don't worry Christine-slut, your hubby will love it, and probably you too! Maria
continued pounding Christine's asshole in the same way she did with Sylvia
before. Silenced cries emerged from the vibrator stuffed drooling mouth of her
blonde toy at every thrust of the dildo in. In about ten minutes the result was
exactly the same. At the peak of her orgasm Christine's mouth opened wide to
release the vibrator together with a loud cry of pleasure. When Maria took the
dildo out of her ass, the gasping blonde remained spread on the couch.

The maid was feeling tired at the end of a long and exciting day. She had
started working early, punished Sylvia, gone shopping for all the sex toys and
bondage devices, furnished her home with long time desired appliances, all paid
with Sylvia's credit card, and finally punished both women at the hotel. It was
time to rest.

Still wearing the strap-on she walked to the bedroom where Sylvia was laying on
the floor caressing her rear. Maria forced the brunette to suck the dildo until
it was perfectly clean. In fact the maid thought she would have to force her but
Sylvia did it without complaining and it looked like the brunette enjoyed it.
The maid ordered Sylvia to join Christine at the living-room. After both
businesswomen laid in the two couches of the room the maid proceeded to secure
their wrists in their backs with the duct tape. She watched at her two
unresisting toys before tying each lady's ankles with the tape. With Sylvia and
Christine secured, Maria took a long shower, called home to check the recently
hired nanny was taking good care of her kids and before going to bed laughed at
both women bound in their lingerie and heels.

Good night bitches, have a nice rest, tomorrow will be a long day! Maria slipped
into the large  bed. It was funny, after years working there, it was the first
time she considered herself a guest.




Part 6

The wake-up call rang at 6,30 AM. Maria woke up promptly and after a rapid
shower paid a visit to the bound sleeping ladies in the living-room. Sylvia was
lying on her side with her legs slightly bent and was the first to be awaken
when the maid grabbed her breasts and lifted her. The brunette felt a wave of
pain coming from her tits as her body was being lifted, and as her ankles still
were tied the maid had to keep on grabbing her breasts to maintain Sylvia
balanced.

Good morning bitch! Maria welcomed Sylvia to the real world. The brunette
watched at her mistress standing naked in front of her and rapidly understood
why she and Christine were effortlessly dominated by Maria. Maria had a strong
complexion with a compact and muscular body, and though when she was dressed she
could be mistaken as being somehow chunky, now Sylvia clearly knew the maid was
pure muscle.

The maid removed the duct tape from Sylvia's wrists and ankles before waking up
Christine who laid face down at the other couch. The maid untied the blonde and
as she was slowly awakening, Maria grabbed the dazed blonde's hair pulling her
up.

Good morning cunt liker! Christine realized the nightmare was real.

You're a couple of stinking whores, it's shower time bitches. The maid pushed
both ladies to the bathroom and ordered them get naked. Both ladies started with
their bra and followed with heels, panties and hosiery. Their poor feet were
relieved from the torture of wearing the tight high heeled pumps the hole night.
After being pushed into the shower Sylvia and Christine screamed when the
freezing water showered them.

Hurry up bitches you've got 2 minutes to shower... and don't forget to wash your
hair! Maria shouted at her trembling slaves. Sylvia and Christine were relieved
when after a couple of minutes Maria pulled them out of the freezing shower.
Both lady's pale bodies were shaking beyond their control. After drying
themselves with towels the businesswomen were ordered to wear the hotel's robe
together with the same shoes they wore the whole night.

Now Sylvia-slut, you've 5 minutes to shave the cunt licker's crotch.  Maria had
noticed the blonde bush at Christine's pussy. As the blonde complained, after a
little breast squeezing applied by the maid, Christine was on her four over the
desk wearing nothing but her pumps offering her hairy pussy to Sylvia. After the
brunette carefully completed the task, the blonde slipped into the robe again.
Christine would never recognize the immense pleasure she was feeling at every
pass of the blade on her pussy, but her main concern was how she was supposed to
explain it to her husband.

After dressing with denim pants and a t-shirt, leaving both ladies seating at
different chairs and ordering them not to speak by any reason, Maria left the
suite. Christine and Sylvia remained in silence for a while before two complete
teams of the hotel's beauty salon entered the room. In about one hour, their
hair was perfectly done, all traces of hair below their necks were removed with
wax, their nails were polished in bright red and their faces were perfectly made
up resembling a cosmetics ad.

Maria returned at 7.40AM approximately, and aware her slaves had to go to work,
she started giving orders to Christine.

Where do you live, blondie?

At a house in the suburbs, Madam.

Who's there?

The house keeper and the cook, Madam. Maria ordered her to dress up. When
Christine picked the bra, the maid discouraged her.

Just the skirt, jacket and heels, bitch. After the blonde slipped into the skirt
and buttoned her jacket Maria smiled watching her beautiful blonde pet trying to
hide her huge breasts under the double breasted jacket, obviously designed to be
used with a top or blouse.

Now you'll go home, get properly dressed to work... and don't forget  wearing
garters, stockings and heels. It's that clear?

Yes Madam.

And you'll give your personnel a week of paid vacations, starting today.

Yes Madam. After taking one of the blonde's platinum cards, Maria ordered her to
go. Christine took the elevator down, and to her disgrace there were three men
inside it. The elevator walls were covered with mirrors, making her impossible
to prevent her nipples to show. The men couldn't help staring at her chest
during all the trip, making the poor blonde to blush. When the blonde reached
the parking level, she raced to her car's safety and rushed home. Meanwhile, as
soon as Christine left the suite Maria stood in front of Sylvia and whispered at
her ear.

I promise that before the day ends  you'll get fucked more times than the last
month. Sylvia's body stiffened as the brunette felt her pussy suddenly becoming
wet.

You'll show me the slut behind every white rich bitch. I'll take you and the
blonde whore, at any time, at any place I feel like to. As Maria continued
whispering, Sylvia was unable to control her trembling body, her erected nipples
and her dripping pussy. The maid was satisfied at the brunette's submission when
Sylvia started moaning without even being touched.

Mmmmhhh....mmm...aaa.... Moans continued flowing from the brunette's bright red
lips. Now Maria was in complete control and somehow excited. But Maria's
excitement wasn't about lesbian sex, she wasn't a dyke,  and she had never been
aroused at the thought of any kind of sex with other woman. The new sexual
excitement she was feeling was about dominating those upper class bitches, turn
those proud women into submissive sluts and show them that their expensive
clothes and jewelry, money and social influence were useless against her rage.

Now, Sylvia-slut, get dressed to work and pack all your stuff. We are moving to
the stupid blonde's home.

Yes, Madam. Sylvia selected the lingerie, clothes, shoes and jewelry to wear,
always showing the items to Maria before, in order to get her approval. When
finished, the brunette was wearing a pair of shimmering tan stockings, white
satin and blue lace combination tediette with garters, a delicate cream silk
blouse with a large front bow and see trough sleeves, and a pale blue pleated
skirt suit. The skirt length was 4 inches above the knee allowing a great view
of the brunette's long legs ending in a pair of cream high heel pumps with tiny
crossed straps in the front.

Maria was already horny anticipating the humiliation she would supply to her
unfortunate slaves, while the brunette started packing her clothes after
finishing with the perfume and jewelry.

I am ready Madam. It was 8.45 when Sylvia was done with the luggage. Maria
approached her and while gently lifted her chin, the maid started explaining the
next steps.

You'll check out and ask the concierge to send your stuff to Christine's. Don't
forget leaving a 500 tip for house keeping and a 300 one for the beauty salon.
As Sylvia nodded the maid grabbed from two different vibrators from her "toy
bag", afterwards presenting the toys to the brunette.

One is for you and the other one is for the stupid blonde. Both of you must
carry the vibrators at any time. Make sure the blonde bitch get her toy, you
have the privilege of first choice. After checking out take a taxi to your
office.

Yes Madam. Sylvia felt her pussy moistening again.

Ah, one more thing bitch. Show the vibrators to the concierge and ask them where
can you buy replacement batteries. I'll be watching. Sylvia's face turned to red
as Maria evilly smiled.

But I can't do that, Madam!

Your option is to check out naked with both toys stuffed in your holes. It's
your choice bitch.

I'll do it Madam. Sylvia knew it was worthless to refuse, so she placed the toys
into her cream handbag and sexily walked out of the room, but before she could
leave the maid commanded her again.

You and the blonde slut must keep the make-up fresh at every time. Even when
sleeping.

Yes Madam.

When Sylvia stepped out of the elevator and crossed the hotel's lobby, her heels
clinked on the marble floor all the way to the reception. Every man there stared
at the swinging hips of the stunning brunette until she reached the counter.
Maria watched from behind a column when the blushing businesswoman showed the
vibrators to the concierge plus the other twenty persons on the reception.
Sylvia was embarrassed to death while the concierge politely wrote the address
of a sex shop and passed her the note. The female employees in the counter tried
hard not to laugh at the leaving guest, at least until the brunette raced to the
street.

As soon as she arrived to the office, Sylvia started preparing all the paperwork
she and Christine would need for the multiple meetings they had to attend during
the morning. The blonde arrived at 10 AM, and though she wanted to discuss what
happened with Sylvia, it was time for the first meeting. Christine looked
gorgeous, elegant and sexy at the same time, wearing a burgundy tight skirt suit
with matching suede high heel pumps, a tight white lace top with long sleeves,
together with a white lace lingerie set of bra, garters, panties and stockings.

While her pets were busy at work, Maria spent the morning shopping in the mall.
At noon, she phoned Christine and ordered her and Sylvia to wait for her in the
office before lunch. One hour later Maria was in front of the receptionist
asking for Christine. The receptionist scornfully looked at her before asking
her name, dialed on the phone and after a short conversation with Christine's
assistant instructed her how to reach her office. Maria was disappointed when
Marge, the blonde's assistant, welcomed her. The maid was expecting to find a
younger blonde bimbo, and of course, enslave her too. What she found was that
Ms. Marge was an ugly fifty something over weighted woman, with nothing in
common with her ideal pets. Marge led her to Christine's office door, and after
opening it, discretely returned to her desk. Maria closed the door behind her,
satisfied her slaves were obediently waiting for her.

Christine-slut stand up for inspection! The blonde stood up behind her desk
while Maria lifted her skirt to check her underwear. Maria teased Christine's
crotch for a while, and as the blonde's body didn't responded, the maid slid her
panty to start caressing softly her pussy lips. Once again Christine's body
betrayed her and Maria's finger was rapidly soaked in her juices.

That's good bitch, now let's try with your nice tities!  Christine main concern
was somebody could enter her office at any time, but she surrendered to the
teasing. Maria didn't need to caress her breasts to know the blonde's nipples
were erected, it was clearly noticeable trough the lace top and bra.

Did Sylvia-slut told you what was going to happen?

Yes Madam.

And what are you going to do about it?

Whatever you want me to do Madam. Christine couldn't believe the answers she was
giving to her tormentor, but she was too scared to confront the latina.

That's all I wanted to hear from a pathetic slut like you. Maria laughed before
ordering both ladies to bend on the desk, raise her skirts and expose her asses
to her. None of them dared to disobey, and both businesswomen were ready before
Maria took a wooden ruler from her bag.

Did any of the sluts had breakfast today? Christine and Sylvia simultaneously
answered no. At this moment both realized they were starving.

Would you like to have lunch? At their affirmative answer Maria continued.

Well, but we'll have a little fun before! Maria contemplated the heart shaped
asses of  the formerly proud, but still elegant, ladies turned into submissive
toys and started the spanking session. The first ass to be smacked was Sylvia's.
The brunette released a loud "aaaghh" as she allowed her tummy and chest rest on
the desk surface.

I suggest you bitches to remain in silence. Maria followed with Christine, who
carefully sealed her mouth at the beating

Good slut! The maid gave alternate smacks to both ladies, one after the other as
their asses bounced with every hit. Christine's hands had tightly grabbed the
opposite edge of the desk, and as her weight was almost entirely resting on the
desk, her shapely legs were free to dangle. When the businesswomen received five
smacks each, they heard Marge's voice on the intercom.

Is it everything okay there? I can hear a strange noise coming from your office.
Christine had to fake her voice to give an answer.

Everything is fine here. I can't hear any unusual noise, please make sure nobody
interrupt us.

Ok, I will. If Maria needed a confirmation of Christine's surrender it was more
than satisfactory, and besides, Sylvia and Christine were relieved knowing
nobody will irrupt into the office. The maid resumed the beating with increased
strength, encouraged by the muffled cries emerging from the white ass bitches.
As their round cheeks reddened, the fire on their asses made tears flow from her
eyes. The blonde's legs weren't dangling any more, now her legs were kicking the
air, while Sylvia's legs were stiffened like columns.

Beg for the spanking bitches! Maria didn't have to say it twice. The upper class
ladies begged for more punishment on her shattered asses, wildly arousing Maria.
After a few more hits Maria decided to stop before their classy asses turned to
purple, and stored the ruler back in the "toy bag". Sylvia and Christine
remained in the same humiliating position until they were ordered to lower their
skirts and get ready to go to lunch.




Part 7


Maria watched Sylvia and Christine arrange her expensive clothes after the short
spanking session. Looking at her slaves faces she thought it must have been more
painful than arousing, as there were tears running down their faces.

Well bitches, did you enjoyed?

No, I didn't Madam.

Christine was the first to answer. The blonde tried to step back when Maria
walked towards her, but her punished butt rapidly found the desk stopping her.
Maria stood closely in front of her and softly grabbed her jacket pulling the
blonde closer.

I don't believe you. I think you need to be controlled like every white rich
bitch.

Now Christine's butt was resting on the desk, her upper body was leaning back
and her stockinged legs stiffened trying to keep the grip of her pumps. Maria
continued bowing towards her until the blonde had to rest her elbows on the desk
surface. Maria slightly advanced spreading her legs, until the blonde's thighs
were softly pressed between hers. Christine was unable to control the arousing
provoked by the contact with the strong latina, as instantly felt the heat and
moisture coming from her crotch.

C'mon slut, I bet you want to be fucked in your fancy clothes right now and
right here in your office.

While whispering at the beautiful blonde, the maid released her jacket and
started fondling her breasts trough the lacy top fabric. Christine closed her
eyes and allowed her head to lean back as the maid softly pinched her already
hard nipples. In a matter of seconds the classy blonde was horny as hell, but
she still wasn't ready to admit Maria was one hundred percent right.

I bet you put that rich bitch undies cos you wanna be fucked like the cheap
whore you are. Christine started twisting her shapely legs. She had bought the
sexy lingerie set one year ago, hoping to wear it for some special occasion with
her husband but actually she never dared to do it. The true was that she really
needed to be fucked and that was what she was thinking about when she tried the
lingerie at morning. Though the blonde wanted to reply, her whole body was in
heat and the only sounds that emerged from her lips were soft moans.

That's good slut! Your white bitch cunt must be leaking!

Maria pushed Christine's breast until the blonde's back and head rested on the
desk, took a step back, rolled Christine's tight skirt up to her waist and
spread the blonde's nyloned legs. Christine remained in that inviting position,
showing her already soaked panty's crotch. When Maria put  her lacy panty aside
and shoved two fingers into Christine's pussy, the blonde released a muffled cry
as her hands desperately grabbed Maria's wrist forcing the maid's fingers deeper
into her cunt.

Ooohhh.. ple..please...fuck me...please!

The smart suited blonde was completely out of control. Her nicely manicured
hands were pumping Maria's fingers in and out of her dripping pussy and now her
legs were wide open in the air. Maria turned her head to Sylvia who had her
right hand under her pleated skirt rubbing her pussy while staring at the horny
blonde. Maria hardly slapped Christine's face to encourage the blonde to release
her hand. Christine did it releasing a soft cry of pleasure, and when Maria
touched the blonde's lips with her soaked fingers, the classy blonde sucked her
own juices.

The white whore wanna be fucked?

With an evil smile, Maria took her hand from the blonde's bright red lips and
slapped her again, only to hear another cry of pleasure from the blonde.

Aaahhh....please fuck me Madam!

A third slap came before the maid answered, and of course, another cry of
pleasure.

You'll do it yourself, bitch!

Christine put her hands at work at once. While shoving three of her left hand
fingers in her pussy, her right hand started rubbing her breasts. Meanwhile,
Maria turned to Sylvia and after taking the brunette's hand out of her pussy,
unfastened the crotch of  her tediette and after grabbing Christine's right
ankle stuffed the burgundy pump toe into the brunette's pussy.

Ooohh...yes!

Sylvia exclaimed when the shoe penetrated her, and afterwards grabbed
Christine's ankle with both hands pushing the blonde's shoe deeper into her
pussy. Maria took a small video camera from her bag and started taping the
masturbating executives. Both ladies filled the room with moans and soft cries
of pleasure. Sylvia's hips rhythmically wiggled left and right while she
shoe-fucked herself. Christine struggled over the desk, using her delicate hands
in her pussy and tits, while the suede high heel pump was dangling at the end of
her free leg. Maria continued recording for a few minutes until both
businesswomen were about to reach orgasm.

Enough whores!

Both ladies continued working their pussies until Maria roughly pushed Sylvia
back. The brunette staggered on her high heels releasing a loud cry after the
shoe was violently taken out of her pussy. Maria took advantage of the
brunette's lack of balance, slapping her face making her land seated on one of
the chairs in front of the desk. Christine still was stroking her pussy until
Maria grabbed her hand and started twisting it.

Ooooh.... Please it hurts!

Maria twisted Christine's wrist harder.

You're forgetting the "Madam", and it's time to go to lunch slut!

Please Madam, let go.

It was enough for Maria, so she released the poor blonde's wrist and ordered
both ladies to arrange their clothes and make-up. When finished, Christine's
soaked burgundy suede pump was the only visible evidence of what happened in the
office. Minutes later, Maria and her two wealthy slaves took the elevator down
to the street.

Maria decided to have lunch at one of the places her pets used to go. It was an
elegant, but discrete restaurant one block from Christine's office. The
businesswomen walked into the restaurant followed by their mistress. The maitre
approached them, and after welcoming them, Maria noticed the man examined her
from head to toes. It was obvious she was completely out of place, wearing denim
pants, a plain t-shirt and tennis shoes.

A beautiful and elegant thirty-something brunette and a friend were waiting to
be accommodated. The brunette scornfully looked at Maria at the time she
whispered to her friend.

I remember when you had to come here properly dressed.

The stinging comment was made to be heard. It reminded Maria her days as hotel
maid. Before she could react, the maitre approached to Christine.

Madame Christine, I am sorry but you know we have a certain dress code....

The snooty brunette showed a smile of satisfaction. Christine reacted promptly,
interrupting him.

Of course I know, but she arrived early this morning and the airline missed her
luggage. I am sure I can speak to the manager...

The blonde sounded so self confident and arrogant that Maria was surprised she
was the same woman she humiliated minutes ago.

It won't be necessary. Please follow me.

The maitre led them to a table by the left wall of the restaurant. Maria knew
the table, boxed between to fixed seats was perfect for the next humiliation of
her slaves. Sylvia and Christine sat in front of her tormentor, who started
browsing the menu. When Sylvia and Christine tried to pick the menu, Maria
stopped them.

I'll order. Go to the restroom and wash your stinking hands and apply more
lipstick, and don't forget to walk like the sluts you are.

The waiter came and Maria placed the order before her pets returned from the
restrooms. When the beautiful executives came back, it was obvious every men at
the restaurant stared at them until they were seating again.

Are you hungry pets?

Maria was aware the ladies would have an awful surprise when the order arrived.

Yes Madam.

That's good, but we'll have to wait the order for a few minutes and I don't want
to waste my time talking to stupid rich bitches like you.

By Maria's tone, both ladies knew nothing good could happen.

I am getting bored sluts. Grab the vibrators and get it stuffed in your cunts.

Neither Sylvia nor Christine couldn't believe the maid was so determined to
humiliate them. As Christine was seating by the wall, she was less exposed than
the brunette but she complained anyway. In fact both of them begged until
Maria's patience was gone.

Listen sluts, you may start playing like dirty whores or I can send copies of
the tape to your office.

The businesswomen were invaded by terror. None of them doubted her mistress
would do what she said, so each lady reluctantly grabbed her handbag, placed it
over her lap and discretely took the vibrator. Though Sylvia was sitting by the
aisle, therefore exposed to the guests, she was relieved she decided to wear a
pleated skirt. Christine had to roll her tight skirt up in order to reach her
crotch. The businesswomen had their vibrators ready but both of them were
nervously watching at every direction, unable to take the next step.

If you don't do it I'll shove the toys into your white bitches asses!

Christine was the first to obey, slightly spreading her legs and afterwards
searching her hole under the lacy panties with the vibrator's tip. She was hot
as hell again, when the toy touched her pussy lips her body bent forward. As it
was difficult to shove the toy, the blonde leaned back again before resuming the
task.

Oh my God!

Christine let her head rest on the back of the seat and closed her eyes for a
second before starting to arrange her skirt.

Secure the toy with your panty and turn it on, bitch. If you cum before I allow
you too I'll kick your ass in front of all this people.

The blonde did it as ordered before lowering her skirt, trying to fill her mind
with non exciting thoughts. She knew she would be unable do dissimulate an
orgasm.

Now Sylvia-slut, it's your time!

Sylvia knew she had no option. She turned to Christine in order to give her back
to the salon. Her left leg was over the seat and when she shoved the vibrator,
she couldn't stand releasing a soft "aaahh". When she was sitting properly again
Maria smiled at her slaves.

Look at you now!

The torture supplied by the buzzing toys was almost unbearable. Maria estimated
it would be matter of five, maybe ten minutes for the snooty bitches to cum, and
hopefully it would happen when the waiter arrived. But unfortunately (for Maria)
the waiter arrived in no time, with a large meat dish for her and one plain,
entire carrot for each pet.

You can start eating whores, but you aren't allowed to use forks or knives.

Having to eat the carrots with her hands in the restaurant was the smaller of
their problems. Before they could start, a stunning blonde (Maria estimated she
was in her late twenties) approached the table.

Hi Christine!

The younger blonde was Patricia, a former junior partner at Christine's firm.
She was a tall and slender bimbo, wrapped in a tight gray miniskirt suit that
accented her perfect curves. The short miniskirt allowed a great view of her
shapely legs, encased in black pantyhose and ending in 3" black patent pumps.

H..Hi Pat..tricia. It's b..been a long time. How are you doing?

Christine made her best effort to speak naturally. Meanwhile, after looking at
Patricia from head to toes, Maria got aroused at the mere thought of enslaving
her. Patricia cordially greeted Sylvia and Maria, as she was invited to join at
the table.

Thanks, but I am having lunch with a customer. Please excuse me, but of course
we can join for lunch anytime.

Patricia picked a business card from her jacket pocket, wrote her cell phone
number on it and passed the card to Christine.

Nice to meet you girls, see you soon.

When Patricia sexily walked back to her table, Maria had already decided she
would be her next acquisition. The younger blonde interruption allowed Sylvia
and Christine to focus their mind in something different of the buzzing
vibrators in their pussies, buying them precious time. The embarrassed
executives worked on their carrots as ordered, attracting a few people
attention. They looked classy even eating this way.

Tell me about that slut.

Christine answered Maria's question doing a real effort. Her pussy was on fire
and she could feel the juices moistening her bald crotch and upper thighs.
Sylvia wasn't in better position. The brunette was about to cum, with her legs
shuffling desperately at the torture.

Please Madam, let me cum now, p..please!

Sylvia begged to no avail. Maria was particularly interested in Patricia, as she
was single, and therefore, more available. The latina was aware Christine's
husband would be back in a few days, so having Patricia would solve several
future problems, in addition to 1,000 more in cash weekly.

Maria continued with her dish, while Sylvia reached the point of no return.

Ooohhh....

The brunette silenced her cry,  her bright red lips formed a big "O" as tears
flowed from her eyes. Maria could hear Sylvia's heels clacking under the table,
as the brunette's face reddened. Though the orgasm took no more than a minute,
for Sylvia it was an eternity. While the brunette was recovering, Christine
reached her climax.

Mmmmmm......mmmm......mmmmm...

Christine was less exposed than Sylvia, so she didn't mind using both hands to
push the vibrator deeper. The blonde spread her stockinged legs, ripping her
tight skirt at the back slit. When she was finished, Maria smiled at her
sweating slaves.

Both of you will be punished as white rich bitches deserve!

Nor Sylvia, neither Christine were ready to answer.

You weren't allowed to cum, bitches. I am quite disappointed with you both.

Of course Maria would punish them anyway. The maid looked at her watch. It was
almost 2PM, so she ordered her pets to place the toys in their handbags.

Now you'll go back to work. I'll be at the office at 5PM.

Sylvia and Christine nodded. Maria asked for the bill while her slaves stood up.
In both ladies plates the carrots were unfinished.

One more thing. As none of you could appreciate the generous meal I offered, you
aren't allowed to eat until dinner.

Maria remained seating at the table. It was funny to watch at her slaves walking
out of the restaurant. Sylvia's skirt showed a big wet spot in the middle of her
ass, and the blonde's ripped skirt allowed a great view of her lacy stocking
tops and panties. And best of all, both ladies were unaware of that.

When the waiter arrived with the bill, Maria asked him for a cup of coffee. She
had slightly changed her plans and decided to wait a few minutes at the table.
She slowly sipped her coffee after paying the bill with Christine's card and
leaving a generous tip. Maria didn't have to wait a long time. The snooty
brunette she met at the entrance stood up, grabbed her handbag and headed to the
restrooms. Maria took her time evaluating her while the brunette gracefully
walked along the salon. As the lady disappeared in the restroom's aisle, Maria
stood up and followed her. Maria thought that probably, the brunette would be
alone in the restroom, as the restaurant was now almost empty. When she entered
the room, she knew she was right.

The brunette was in front of the mirror, concentrated in refreshing her makeup.
She didn't notice Maria coming and locking the door from inside. Maria waited
until the brunette finished with the lipstick. She was gorgeous, wearing a white
pinstripe skirt suit, tan stockings and a pair of white 3" high heel pumps with
a small black bow on the toes. Her hair was carefully arranged in a bun with a
black satin bow pin. When the brunette stuffed the cosmetics in her bag, and
headed to the door, she met Maria.

Are you still concerned about my appearance, bitch?

The brunette was taken by surprise. But instead of trying to apologize she
replied.

Low class illegal aliens like you shouldn't be allowed at places like this. Move
unless you want me to call the manager!

Maria's pussy was already wet. That slut was begging for a beating, and Maria
was eager to please her.

Give me your clothes!

The brunette ignored Maria's threats. She walked directly to Maria, and
determined to go out tried to push her aside. The strong latina didn't moved.

If you don't give your clothes I'll wipe the floor with your bitch!

At this moment the brunette knew she was in serious trouble. She nervously
stepped back.

You must be joking, let go!

Shut up whore!

Maria slowly walked towards her. At each step of Maria, the brunette took a step
back until reaching the wall. Now the brunette was in panic. Maria's hands
started with the first black button of her jacket.

What do you think you're doing?

As the brunette was holding her bag with her right hand, she tried to stop Maria
with her free hand. It made Maria loose her patience.

Slap! The brunette's face turned right.

I...

Slap! Her pretty face turned left.

Told...

Slap! To the right again. Her bag felt to the floor.

You...

Slap! To left. She was trying to raise her arms to protect herself.

To..

Slap! Right again. The brunette's arms were at her waist height.

Shut...

Slap! Left again. Her hands were about to reach her face.

Up.

Last slap. The stunned brunette finally covered her now burning face and started
sobbing. Maria calmly resumed unbuttoning her expensive jacket. The silver gray
lace bra covering her 36c breasts was exposed. When Maria grabbed both cups, the
brunette tried to push her back.

Let go please!

Maria understood the snooty bitch didn't learn the lesson.

As you wish!

Maria stepped back, grabbing the brunette's breast pulling her to the center of
the room. The brunette staggered before receiving a hard punch on her face.
Maria released her breast at the same time her fist reached her victim's face.
The brunette's back slammed at the wall. Her arms were dangling at her sides,
unable to protect her from the beating. Maria stood in front of her victim ,
slapping her until the almost unconscious brunette started to slide down the
wall. When her ass reached the floor, Maria kneeled in front of her and removing
her jacket. Maria neatly folded the jacket, afterwards leaving it over the
basin.

P..please no more!

The brunette had her stockinged legs spread on the floor. Her back was leaning
against the wall. Maria kneeled again, slapped her twice, took her gold
necklace, bracelets and earrings. After securing the jewelry in her pants
pockets, Maria tumbled the unreacting brunette face down to the floor. Maria
unzipped her skirt afterwards slipping it down her smooth legs. She folded the
skirt and placed it together with the jacket.

Shut your fucking mouth and stand up whore!

The defeated brunette made her best effort, but her body didn't respond. Maria
grabbed her arm and force her to stand up. The gorgeous brunette now had a black
eye. While she staggered Maria removed her bra, afterwards pushing her into a
toilet stall, until the brunette was seating on the toilet cup. Maria stripped
her silver gray garter belt and panties. She tied the brunette's wrists to the
pipe with the garter belt before removing her denim pants.

Now white bitch, beg to suck my pussy!

The brunette was unable to speak, and Maria knew it. The latina didn't waste
time. She grabbed the brunette's head from the back and started rubbing her
pussy against her face. Her juices washed the remains of makeup on the
unresisting brunette's face. In a couple of minutes Maria was done. Her victim
was breathing heavily. After getting dressed, Maria punched her face again. The
hit knocked her out. Before leaving, Maria picked her lipstick and wrote "fuck
me" on her tits. She grabbed the poor brunette's clothes and after saying good
bye, she left the room and walked out of the restaurant. Ten minutes later, her
friend found the trashed brunette tied in the stall, wearing only her stockings
and fancy shoes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sig


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





