BDSM Library - Bethany




Bethany
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman's car trouble turns to terror.
Bethany

"Aw, fuck!"  Beth muttered to herself as she  grappled with the wheel of her 69
Camaro, fighting for control against the blow out.  Giving the front end just
little play, fluttering the brake peddle, she eased the car to the shoulder.
"Why do flats always happen in the middle of fucking nowhere?" 

Sighing, she stepped out into the cool night air, shivering as the chill wind
struck her nearly bare skin.  Black cami top, tight leather miniskirt clinging
to her shapely body.  Her nipples hardened to points beneath the skimpy top. 
"Bring a coat next time, stupid."  Impossibly high heels made walking in the
gravel tough, but Beth gamely made her way to the trunk.  Removing her jack and
spare, she changed the tire in no time-no insubstantial bit of fluff here.  
Beth loved cars, and beneath the leather and lace beat the heart of a pit crew
mechanic

Tire changed, Beth slid back into her beloved muscle car and turned the key. 
The "wahwahwahwah" of the engine cranking but not catching.  "Aw, what the
fuck?"  Beth tried again.  And again.  She kept her car perfectly
tuned-something was really wrong here.

Climbing out, Beth popped the hood and peered at the engine.  Checked cables,
wires.  All good.  Reached in through the window and tried again.  Same. 
Removing the air filter, she leaned over, gave a good sniff.  Plenty of gas,
this was a problem with spark, not fuel.  A little more fiddling, checking, a
screw driver here, a wire pulled there, and she had it figured out-ignition
coil.  Ignition coil was shot.  Slamming the hood angrily, Beth pulled her purse
from the car, retrieving her cell.  One bar.  ONE transmission bar.  It was
going to be a very long walk back to town.  Long and cold.

Setting off, Beth cursed Mark-her boyfriend, the man who'd left the party with
another woman. Were he here, at least she wouldn't be alone.  She'd have his
warm jacket over her shoulders.  Bastard.

She heard the approaching van from far back and was torn.  Her self defense
classes told her to shrink back, get out of sight.  But her chilled skin, her
aching feet and legs told her to wave those arms, get a ride.  She
compromised-didn't try to signal them, but didn't hide, either.

The van stopped 50 feet ahead, backed slowly toward her.  She stood uncertainly,
fearful but relieved.  A window rolled down, and an obviously retarded man, hair
buzzed, brow heavy and thick, leaned out.

"Y-yyou need help, ma'am?"  Taken aback, Beth nodded mutely.  The driver leaned
forward, smiled.

"Hop in, missy-we're from the hospital  up the road.  Not a lot of room, but
we'll make do."

Beth looked at the others in the van-none of them were as obviously retarded as
the young man up front, but they were all pretty clearly impaired.  "Tards," she
thought, "what could be safer than a van full of retards?" 


Nodding as the side door slid open, Beth climbed in.  She tugged at the hem of
her skirt, tried to hold it down as it hiked up to reveal her black garter belt
and the tops of her seamed stockings.  "Don't want to excite the retards." she
thought, laughing to herself. 

Scooting in next to a huge black boy, she looked at him-and saw he was staring
at her legs with a dull, hungry expression.  She leaned forward, trying to cover
her legs with her arms, but only succeeded in giving the boy a full view of her
firm, 36 C breasts.  They rode in silence, but Beth became increasingly
uncomfortable with the flat, horny stares and the growing sound of heavy
breathing.  Not just from the black boy beside her, but from all.  She shook her
head-no, she wasn't going to be gang raped by a gaggle of retards.  She laughed
at her own paranoia. 

Approaching the truck stop on the outskirts of town, Beth breathed a sigh of
relief.

"You can let me off here," she leaned forward, "I can call a tow truck."

No response.  The driver kept his eyes forward, kept going. 

"Hey!" Beth cried angrily, "I said-"

The black boy grabbed her breast, no warning.  She slapped at him, and suddenly
he was on her, a drooling, impossibly strong monster.  She struggled, and he
bore her to the floor, his weight knocking the wind out of her. He bit her neck,
tore her camisole open as his hips ground into her. 

Hands mauling her breasts, ripping her bra open, pinching, squeezing.  She tried
to kick, but her legs were trapped by the seats.  Sinking her heels into the
floor, she pushed back with all her might, and managed to dislodge him, scooting
to the door.  Reaching up, she yanked it open and threw herself out of the
moving vehicle. 

Lucky for Beth, the driver had slowed the van when the attack started-not for
her, but to allow himself a better view.  So when she landed in the cool, damp
grass, she was unhurt, only stunned, the wind knocked out of her.  She struggled
to her feet as the van stopped, turned toward the woods and ran.  If she could
just stay ahead of them, or, barring that, find a hiding place.   Hell, they
were retards, surely she could outrun them!  The shoes were a problem, but the
leather lacings up her legs made quick removal impossible. 

Running, stumbling, arms cartwheeling as her breasts bounced freely, Beth pushed
deeper into the woods.  She could hear them behind her, laughing, shouting
stupidly as they gave chase.  She ran full speed, yet they were gaining on her. 
Her breath came in great, whistling sobs as she gasped for air, pushed her body
beyond what she thought possible.  Closer, closer they drew as she flew through
the forest.  And then-oh, were those lights?  A building?  Oh, thank God!


The giant black boy tackled her just as she reached the clearing near the
building.  Slamming her to the ground, he covered her in his mass-6'5", 250 lbs. 
Beth's 5'4", 112 was no match, especially not belly down in the soft, loamy
ground.  She tried to scream, but between the exertion of running and his weight
on her, all she could manage was a weak, reedy cry.  He laughed dully as his
hips jerked against her buttocks.  He reached down, pulled his huge penis out of
his jogging pants.  Beth felt it prodding, searching, pressing against her.  Her
panties were ground roughly into her pussy, pushed and stretched by the head of
his ramrod stiff tool.  She groaned, her hips bucking and twitching, trying to
avoid what she knew was to come.  The others arrived, gasping and laughing, to
stand around Beth and her soon-to-be rapist. 

"P-p-please," Beth gasped as her panties began to give, "please don't do this,
please!"

The black boy laughed as the crotch seam tore under his onslaught.  He thrust
hard, parting her pussy lips cruelly, then driving into her dry, tight hole.
Pushing relentlessly, he drove his entire 9 inches into her, laughing harder as
her hips bucked wildly in protest.

"AAAAAAGGGHHH," Beth gasped in agony, her struggles becoming frenzied,
animal-like, "Ah, GOD, NO!  ARRRRRGHHH, it HURRRRRTS!"  Bone dry, her pussy
tore, caught up, and he thrust mercilessly, driving her hips into the ground,
her face scraping painfully on the forest floor.  He pounded madly, her cries
working him into a frantic state.  Drooling, hips slamming her ass, he worked
his trembling hands under her chest, grabbing at her breasts, which were crushed
beneath her.  Pinching, yanking, he began to moan-first low, then louder,
primal, as his orgasm approached. 

"He's a retard, bitch," the driver stepped close, knelt down close to Beth's
head, "trisomy fuck up.  Better hope you're on the pill, because otherwise, he's
gonna be proud papa to your tard baby."

"N-N-N-NOOOOOO!" Beth thrashed wildly as she felt the huge cock in her pussy
swell, begin to twitch, "OH, GOD NOOOO, DON'T CUM IN ME!"  She struggled to buck
him off, to jerk her hips, dislodge him before he could spray his sperm into
her.  But she was pinned, helpless as wave after wave of sticky, hot jizz spewed
into her, burning, coating, filling her hole.  The boy continued to hump her,
hips convulsing until his cock was limp.

Pulling off her, the boy smiled stupidly, drool glistening on his chin.

"Put your wacker away, Jori," the driver admonished, smiling at the boy's happy
compliance, "Who's next?"  He turned to the group of misfits, freaks.  "Mikey,
you want the whore?"  A handsome blond boy stepped forward, eyes hard and
hateful, "Yeah, I want the cunt." 

Beth struggled to her knees, eyes on the lights ahead, trying to block out the
terrible words.  Mikey threw himself at her just as she rose, and she dodged his
weight by an inch.  Running, stumbling, the retard's cum slick on her thighs,
dribbling down her legs as she made a desperate sprint for the building beyond. 
Mikey caught her handily, jerked her backwards by the hair, thrusting an arm
across her throat as his other hand, grabbed a wrist, twisting her arm painfully
behind her.  Thrusting her down, he landed on her hard, crowing as she cried out
in pain and terror.  His penis, hard and angry, pressed against her virgin
asshole. 


"NNGGGGAAAHHH!"  Beth bucked wildly, trying to shake the vicious boy and his
straining dick off her.  He laughed cruelly, let her own bucking impale her on
his throbbing cock.  "GGGHHHHAAAAH!"  Beth was beyond words as his bottle-thick
tool drove into her, propelled by her own struggles.  Each jerk of her hips
drove him deeper, until he was buried to the hilt, balls slapping her as she
jumped and twitched.  Then he began fucking her ass in earnest, dragging her
hips up and slamming harder and harder.  Beth was shaken, her breasts heaving,
scraping across the ground as she grunted with the pain, the violent ass
fucking.

"Don't come in her ass, " the driver grinned, "remember, pull out, put it in her
cunt-you want to cum in her cunt."

"Oh, yeah-I want to fill the bitch with my spunk," Mikey growled as he ground
into her, thrusting so hard and deep that Beth's knees were lifted from the
ground with each hit.  Her belly cramping, blood trickling down her thigh, Beth
tore at the ground, seeking any purchase, any escape.  Faster and fast her
stabbed her with his cock, tearing, stretching, until his breath came in ragged
gasps.  He pulled out suddenly, and slammed his bloody tool into her quivering
pussy, shouting as his orgasm shook him.  He filled her with his foul juice,
laughing as she screamed.

"Mikey is a psychopath, cunt," the driver called out from a few feet away, "just
like his daddy was-just like his brothers are.  Just like your bastard baby will
be, if he's the one who takes.  Think about it-you'll have his bastard inside
you, and when it grows up, it'll be just like Mikey.  Grow up to fuck you the
same way, bitch."

Mikey pulled out, wiped his dick on Beth's torn stocking.  Standing, he kicked
her hard in the pussy, driving her face down in the dirt.  Laughing, he stalked
away, high-fiving a few of the boys as he passed.

Beth struggled to all fours, eyes again on the building, the lights-her
salvation.  She rose shakily, more cum draining, soaking into her stockings. 
Staggering, she took a few shaky steps toward her rescue.

"You've really got a thing for that place, don't you, bitch?"  The driver
laughed, "You want to go there?  Okay, let's go!"  Grabbing her, he thrust her
to the ground and bound her elbows behind her with his belt.   Taking her
shredded panties and torn cami, he forced them into her mouth. 

"Come on, cunt," he wrapped a hand in her hair, "let's go meet your rescuers."

Dragging her through the clearing, they approached the building, making no
effort to be silent.  Dragged up the stairs and inside, Beth struggled
madly-there was no salvation here.  One look around at the dull eyed crowd in
the house told her that.  This was the hospital.  And she was going to be
savaged by retards and psychos. 


Thrown to the floor amidst cheers from the crowd of residents and employees,
Beth's legs were roughly bound to a metal bar.  Head yanked back, a hateful
metal device was forced behind her teeth, forcing her mouth wide.  Her jaws
screamed with it, felt as though they would break.  Sullied cloth pulled from
her mouth, and then a huge, purple cock bobbing before her face, her helpless
mouth.  Hands on her hips, pulling her back, a huge dick pushing into her
battered pussy.  And then the hateful cock in her face pushing past her lips as
she screamed, then deeper, back of her mouth, then in her throat.

"GGHGHHHGGG," Beth gagged, choked as the huge tool ground into her face, pushing
insistently until it opened her throat completely.  Deeper, she couldn't
breathe, his wiry pubic hair up her nose, his balls smacking her chin as he
fucked her face, fucked her helpless, trapped mouth.  Hands tangled in her hair,
he slammed her face down on his manhood again and again, even as the cock in her
pussy bottomed out over and over, rocking her violently, forcing her down on the
other.  The dick in her mouth began to jump and twitch, flooding her mouth with
thick, sour cum.  She gagged, almost vomited as more and more rushed into her,
forcing her to swallow again and again to keep from choking, drowning.  Her
struggles were too much for the one in her pussy, and he began pumping his hot
load into her, pounding harder and harder with each wave of cum he shot.  They
pulled out simultaneously, laughing as she struggled to pull upright only to
slip on the cum that was draining from her pussy to the floor.  Her lips shone
with the fresh cum splattered on them, her chin wet with the cum dribbling from
the sides of her tortured mouth.

"This is a hospital for sexual predators, you numb twat," the driver leaned in
close, "the retards, the psychos, the fucking freaks, and you're dinner.  See,
we bring you stupid whores in whenever we can find one, let them fuck you 'til
you die.  Keeps them calm-it's like a reward system.  They play nice with
society at large, we bring them treats."  Beth struggled, whipped her head back
and forth in horrified denial.  "Of course," he sneered, "we'll keep you alive
for a few weeks, see if you're pregnant.  If you are, you can live-the only
thing more popular than whore around here is baby-a baby in your belly is cash
in my pocket."  He stood, scanned the crowd, then picked out four inmates. 
"Have at her, boys-try to cum in her cunt, okay?  I understand if you can't
wait, but try."

Pulling her backwards, one of the monsters drove his huge cock into her aching
asshole, filling her as he lay back, pulling her squirming body back against his
own.  His legs over the bar, she couldn't even move her legs to fight-all she
could do was buck, arch her back, which drove him into her again and again. 
Another knelt between her legs-oh, God, this one was SO horrible-deformed, bug
eyed, face twisted into a sickening mask.  Chuckling stupidly, he thrust his
uncut cock deep into her pussy.  Her body heaved as the two tools rocked her,
slammed, tearing the delicate membrane between them.   An older man, malevolent
looking, stepped over to mount her chest.  Pulling his angry, throbbing dick
from his pants, he slapped it between her breasts.  Squeezing them together
roughly, he began fucking her chest. 

"Too dry."  He paused long enough to reach into his pocket, pull out a paper
clip.  Straightening it, he grasped a nipple and drove it through the side,
piercing her.  Thrashing wildly, Beth struggled to keep her other breast safe,
squirming, making them bounce and flip from side to side.  He captured it
easily, thrusting the clip through.  Beth screamed in agony, her blood flowing
to pool between her tortured tits.  Squeezing hard, he forced the blood out,
milking it from her abused nipples.  The man smiled cruelly at his handiwork,
then resumed fucking her tits, her blood serving to lubricate. 


The fourth man, a towering black, dropped to his knees near her head.  Yanking
by her hair, he forced her mouth around his pitch black tool.  Pushing,
thrusting, he effectively cut of her air as he drove deep into her constricting
throat again and again.  Beth bucked uncontrollably, hips rising and falling
frantically, fucking the cocks inside her in her desperate attempts to draw
breath. 

"Bitch is loving this," the man in her ass shouted gleefully, "just look at her
fucking us!"  He held on for a few seconds more, then pulled from her bloodied
ass.

"Make room, Davey," he laughed as he jammed his cock inside her, along side the
other, stretching, tearing her red, anguished twat, "I'm gonna be the one to get
this cunt pregnant!" 

Her pussy full to bursting, two huge cocks heaving and thrusting, ripping her
open, Beth gagged around the meat in her mouth, her throat.  With a shout, first
one, then the other came inside her, coating her, flooding her with their seed. 
They continued to fuck their spunk into her, pushing it deep, ensuring it
reached her womb.  Once limp, they pulled out, laughing.  The black man in her
bruised, stretched mouth let loose a flood of sour cum, filling her mouth, then
spurting up her nose, in her eyes.  Beth fought to swallow, knowing she would
choke if she threw up.  More and more, seemingly gallons of his juice in her
belly, on her bruised face, shining on her swelling lips. 

"Shit," he cried angrily, "I was supposed to blow inside her cunt!"

"Don't worry," the driver soothed, "you'll have another chance.  You'll have
many, many chances."

"GGGHHOOO, AAEEEEE," Beth groaned, trying to plead, trying to say no, please. 
The men imitated her tortured groans, laughed uproariously.   The sadist between
her tits released his grasp on her globes, pulling her breasts together by the
tortured nipples.  Faster he thrust, the rock solid head of his cock punching
her in the neck, the jaw.  "AAAIIIEEEE," Beth screamed with the nipple torture,
hot tears cutting through the thick, white cum coating her face.  The man
snickered, twisting her nipples hard as he fucked her tits, shook her with his
thrusting. 

"Whoops," he laughed, releasing her breasts and jumping down between her legs,
"Almost missed it."  His cock twitched, danced inside her, spitting forth a
flood of hateful juice inside her, pushing deep to her cervix, blasting through
and into her womb.  Slamming madly, he reached down, grasped her clit in between
finger and thumb and ground his nails into it, pulling, tearing, trying to rip
it from her.  "GGGHHHAAA, GGGHHHIIIAIAAA!"  Beth thrashed furiously at the pain,
the searing, stabbing agony coming from her pussy.  And then her eyes rolled up
and she passed out.

EPILOGUE


Beth screamed, straining against the binds that held her to the bed.  Another
contraction ripped through her, her belly tightening, back arching high as her
body worked to expel the thing inside her.  A doctor knelt between her bound,
spread legs, watching as the baby's head began to crown.  Whipping her head
violently from side to side, Beth struggled to escape the man climbing onto the
bed, but his hands caught her, finger and thumb pried her mouth open even as she
screamed with another contraction.  At the mercy of her body and her captors,
she gagged, choked as the huge tool was rammed down her throat, even as her body
bore down, pushing, straining.  The man fucked her face furiously, aroused
beyond reason by her pain, by the knowledge that, even as he slammed his cock
down her throat, her cunt was filled, was pushing out a baby.  Faster and
faster, his hips thrusting frantically, he shouted as he splashed her mouth, her
throat with his cum even as she tensed with her last contraction.  Screaming
around his dick, his spew bubbled on her lips, up her nose as the doctor pulled
the baby from her. 

"Congratulations, Beth," the doctor smiled as he held the squalling newborn up,
"It's a boy."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





