BDSM Library - Diane




Diane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 42 years ago, I first met my 6ft tall wife Diane at a school dance but she never spoke a word. On the way home to her mother's house, in my car she silently motioned for me to tie her hands behind her back. Why the silence?
Diane

I danced around the floor with Diane all night feeling the hard sharp points of
her large pointy breasts against my upper chest every time she wriggled her hard
bra cone points into my chest affectionately during the slow dances.

I had met Diane for the first time that night and she had taken an instant
liking to me. I first saw her staring at me with her big blue eyes from across
the room and when I went to ask her for a dance she did not reply but stood up
over six feet in her six inch spiked heels waiting for me to take her in my
arms. As we danced, not a word was exchanged between us all night and I wondered
why Diane never spoke. I also wondered why she and a few of the other tall girls
kept a small locked leather case beside their chairs on the edge of the dance
floor but she was obviously not going to tell me and I didn't dare ask her as I
couldnt believe my luck in being attracted to such a tall, beautiful and shapely
young girl.

I noticed all the other boys avoided the tall girls who had leather cases as
they all towered six inches over the boys in their high spike heels.



Our only communication was the occasional deep kiss from her full soft lips as
we slowly danced around the floor while she playfully dug the sharp points of
her firmly bra'd breasts into my upper chest. I thought I detected a slight
rubbery taste on her lips not knowing why but I got the idea she had something
hidden in her mouth. She kept her lips and jaws closed all the time and never
accepted my offers of a drink so I couldnt see if there was anything there
between her beautiful red lips.It had to remain a mystery for the time being.



I wondered if Diane was one of those girls my school mates had talked about. One
boy claimed that girls who were taller than usual often liked to be tied up
while they were petting after school dances to make them more attreactive to
boys. If I would get that opportunity - then I would be able to see for myself
what was in her mouth and in her case, once I got her wrists tied behind her
back of course!

Another thing that made me suspicious was that Diane sat in a classic bondage
pose, her ankles together and her wrists crossed behind her back at all times
except when we were dancing which increased the mystery about Diane, her big
blue eyes and long blonde hair, seamed black nylon stockings and six inch spiked
heels making her look an absoulute beauty that I could not have wished for
better even if she could speak! I could already visualise thin white ropes on
her wrists and her incredible long nylon clad legs and a tight rubber gag
filling her big mouth while I caressed her in my car on the way home so I could
hardly wait until the dances were finished!



With my right hand in the center of her broad back, I could feel the four inch
wide taut strong elastic bra back strap under her thin dance dress and when I
rested my hand on her hips, I could easily feel the hardness of a strong tight
rubber girdle smoothing out her swelling hips to an ideal size of 37" and
holding her trim waist in to a relatively tiny dimension of about 23". If only
she wanted to be tied up too, it would be perfect!



Once we had got to my car, she smiled and handed me the small locked leather
case she had brought along with her to the dance. She reached inside her left
bra cup and withdrew a small key that she handed to me and slid forward on her
seat  crossing her white wrists behind her back turning her back half to me,
again without saying a word.

With the key I opened the case to reveal some neatly coiled up hanks of soft
white sashcord. Under these I could see the thin leather straps with a two inch
red rubber ball attached so I deliberately said nothing but smiled knowingly at
her and she smiled back.

Apparently she had come well prepared for a tie-up petting session with the
first boy that asked her for a dance. She made a little puffing noise and
wriggled her fingers impatiently, holding her crossed wrists a little out from
her body more towards me. I quickly realised that she was one of those tall
girls I had heard about that liked to be tied up and as she was so silent, would
also want me to gag her before I started caressing her tall shapely body!

I selected the shortest piece of rope and examined it, finding it was about
eight feet in length and about one quarter of an inch diameter like all the
other ropes. She murmured softly as the rope touched her wrists and I wound the
rope very tightly around each wrist then around both wrists before cinching them
tightly together. She sat back in the seat with her long legs out in front of
her, her long legs and six inch spiked heels causing her dark nylon clad knees
to rise up above the edge of the seat so that her skirt slid back to just over
her black seamed stocking tops revealing the metal clips of her suspenders.



I noticed each hank of rope had a letter and a number in indelible ink, her
wrist rope being W1. I reached down and slowly lifted her skirt higher up to
over her stocking tops revealing her four wide white elastic suspender straps
attached to the tops of her fully fashioned seamed nylon stockings by shiny
metal clasps and wound a longer length of rope marked L6 high up as possible
around her upper legs, cinching it tightly between her bare legs. Her firm warm
flesh felt good as I poked my finger between her legs to push the end of the
rope through to tie a double cinch with each end of the rope, the knot finishing
neatly behind her legs. This made the six loops of thin rope bite deeper into
her legs although she made no sound of complaint.



I observed that she wasnt wearing any panties, the white rubber lower rim of her
open bottommed girdle just level with her completely hairless clit which I
noticed was well to the front of her body so that she would be easy to penetrate
with her legs tied tightly together like I had intended to do. The girdle didn't
even need to be removed for sex either and I had often fancied doing this to
girls while they were wearing an open bottommed rubber girdle!



Next I tied and cinched tight, six loops over the nylon clad flesh at her
stocking tops, above her smooth knees, below her knees and around her massive
swelling thighs and finally the rope marked L1 was tied around her trim ankles
so her legs were very securely tied together by six loops of rope at six places.

Diane seemed to like me tying her legs together as she softly murmured her
approval as I cinched in and tied off each knot behind her legs with barely an
inch of spare rope at each knot. She kept her legs parallel and I was glad she
didn't want her ankles tied crossed as I always prefer them tied parallel like
she did as it made their vaginas a little tighter than when their ankles were
crossed. The ropes had obviously been well prepared for each position and the
diameter of her legs.

Five simple bands of rope around her arms below her breasts kept her arms
immobilised before I fastened the special leather seatbelt harness that I had
installed, to the tightest buckle possible for her big body.



Diane smiled at me and opened her mouth wide as though she wanted to be gagged.

I looked inside to see a black rubber disk shaped object filling the back of her
throat. It was the end of some sort of medical gag that was threaded down her
throat past her voice box and was the reason Diane had not utterred any sound
during the night.

I took out the trainer gag from her case and worked the large red rubber ball
between her teeth until it was firmly stuck inside her big mouth. It took quite
an effort to insert Diane's gag ball as it was really a bit too big for her
mouth for comfortable gagging and I could feel it squeaking on her teeth as I
forced it in. Once it was in place behind her front teeth with the back of the
rubber ball resting on her inner gag tube, I fastened the leather straps behind
her head pulling the ball in a bit further then buckled it tightly under her
chin and finally over the top of her head. I couldn't believe she wasnt
complaining at the tightness of the gag as it surely must have been hurting her
a bit with the large red rubber sphere cutting off all possible sound from her
mouth and a thick rubber tube down her throat! I could imagine she was now
tasting the strong rubber of the ball as it looked quite new.



I fastened her bound ankles by a strap I had fitted to the floor of the car so
she couldn't move her legs at all and another strap around her thighs to the
seat and we set off for the lover's lookout and parked the car facing out over
the city lights, quite a romantic spot I thought.

I slid over next to Diane and cuddled her running my hands over her hard pointy
breasts. I loosened the thigh strap and felt up under her skirt to the lower rim
of her rubber girdle to feel her moist vagina entrance. I could tell she was
very excited at being tied, gagged and strapped so throughly as she shiverred in
her bonds and squirmed against the straps that held her firmly in her seat as I
probed inside her body. As time progressed, she seemed to become even more
affectionate towards me the more I caressed every part of her tall incredibly
shapely, trussed body.



Examining her tight fitting home made green satin dance dress, I found that her
mother had fitted small press fasteners across each shoulder and down the front
and back so it could easily be removed in four sections after she was tied up -
such a thoughtful future mother in law, I thought!

I unfastened her harness and it didn't take long to completely remove her dress
leaving her wearing just the white satin pointy coned Whirlpool bra and matching
white rubber Playtex girdle after which I bound her arms more securely to her
sides with the remainder of the thin rope. Of course I immediately refastened
her seat harness even tighter on her more revealed flesh and continued our
petting session for at least another hour.

I liked the way she jerked against her straps while she was also tied up with
rope with each one of her orgasms from my probing fingers on her G-spot, her
high spiked heels thudding against the rubber matting on the car floor with
frustration when I withdrew my fingers just before she had an orgasm.

After she had her third orgasm, keeping one finger in her vagina while we drove,
I started for her home  which was in darkness when we arrived so I carried her,
still aroused, bound and gagged and breathing heavily in her underwear and high
heels up the drive, in through her unlocked back door and into her pretty girls
bedroom where I tied her tightly by her neck and ankles to the bed ends with
short pieces of rope I found already tied to the head and foot rails of her bed
and, for modesty's sake, I covered her up with a sheet to watch me undress.

Diane was so tall that her head just touched the head of her bed while her high
heels touched the foot rails, any more growth and she would require an oversized
bed!

I imagined her to be thirsty by now so I unfastened her trainer gag temporarily,
letting it dangle under her chin and between her big breasts and took hold of
the small ring of her inner gag pulling out the rubber tube that had been
threaded eight inches down her throat.

I was amazed that the rubber tube was quite thick being virtually the same size
and shape as a normal sized penis when it was fully erect, complete with a
moulded circumscised head! It was dripping with her saliva having only had a
small hole through it to enable her to swallow any drool that built up in her
mouth due to the larger outer gag ball.

She could not talk for a few minutes but eventually managed to get out the words
in a deep voice, "thank you darling!"



I held the glass to Diane's lips and she drank hungrily when suddenly I heard
footsteps approaching so I covered Diane's gag straps and ball under her chin
with the sheet and arranged her neck ropes under her pillow out of sight just as
the door opened and her mother entered.

She was just as incredibly built as her daughter and was dressed in a
transparent rubber nightie under which I could plainly see she also wore a
pointy coned bra and a white rubber open bottommed girdle, seamed brown nylons
and the highest spiked heels I had ever seen, taking her height to well over six
feet six!

The mature woman wore a white rubber swim cap over her head with a tight rubber
strap under her chin so her hair was completely covered and she carried a short
cane in one hand.

I was surprised to see red rings around her wrists and upper arms and
immediately looked closer at her legs. Under the sheer brown nylons I could see
more red rings around her ankles, calves and knees although I could not see any
more marks clearly under her thin rubber nightie. There was a faint red mark ran
across her cheeks from the corners of her mouth to just under her ears - the
telltale mark of a gag strap. She had obviously only recently been untied,
having been tied up and gagged quite tightly for some time too by the looks of
the deep rope and gag marks!

Her mother was blissfully aware that Daine was so securely tied up under the
sheet and as she could see the sharp points of her high heeled shoe toes and the
hard points of her bra cones making sharp peaks in the sheet masking the shape
of her hard cherry sized nipples, she was relieved to think that her daughter
was still completely dressed, being the otherwise well behaved lady that her
mother believed her daughter to be!



"I see you are being a good girl keeping your clothes on, Diane?" she commented
feeling the hard points of her shoe toes through the sheet and playfully
wriggling them which made Diane's ankles hurt even more. She bent down and
kissed her daughter goodnight full on the mouth, "but you know the doctor said
you must keep your throat tube gag in for the next month until your operation
heals completely."

I realised then that Diane had recently had the special new throat widening
operation I had read about to make it easier for a girl to perform deep throat
oral sex on her future husband, that is why she was wearing the thick rubber
tube to keep her throat well open until it healed. Tall girls were at some
disadvantage and they had to be able to perform better in order to attract a
suitable husband.

"Yes Mummy, I'm sorry but this is my new boyfriend, Teddy and he was giving me a
drink - he didnt know about the tube so can you please put it back in then,
"Diane nodded in reply with a somewhat blank look on her face as her mother
picked up the large erect rubber penis throat gag and approached her daughter
who dutifully opened her mouth wide. As the rubber penis shaped tube slid slowly
down her throat, she coughed and splutterred a bit but she tried not to reveal
that the ropes were now hurting her quite a bit, especially on her wrists under
her back and around her ankles where I had tied them tighter than necessary.

"Would I be able to stay the night as it is a bit late to go home now -if it's
alright by you?" I asked as I saw the tube slide once more down Diane's throat
and the two inch diameter rubber disk on it's end dissappear from view in the
back of her mouth.

"Of course, I'm sure you are a nice boy, good to see you two getting along well
so soon! Just hang on a bit and I'll test Dianes gag to see it is properly
seated over her vocal chords," she smiled kissing me full on the lips and
digging her large pointy breasts into my chest like Diane had done while we
danced, which I thought was a bit strange then walked back to Diane and after
kissing her lips again, gave her a few sharp cuts across her breasts and loins
with the cane making her jerk against the ropes that bound her. No sound escaped
Diane's mouth as she jerked against her ropes in pain, "yes it seems to be
seated well in your throat but make sure you don't take off any of the clothes
you are now wearing will you, Diane?"

As her daughter nodded in agreement, her mother turned to me and said,"but I'd
ask you to tie Diane's wrists behind her back before you go to sleep as she is
inclined to take her gag out in her sleep. You'll find some rope in a leather
case in her wardrobe and a harness thing to keep her gag tube in place and you
you can put them on her now if you like before you start petting - and make sure
you take her to the toilet before she goes to sleep. Well I better get back to
your father so I'll see you two for breakfast in the morning."

As soon as the door was locked Diane smiled knowingly and opened her mouth wide
so I could see her inner gag tube again. I pulled the sheet down slightly until
it was just above the bands of rope binding her upper arms to her sides so I
could see the wide satin bra shoulder straps digging into her wide shoulders and
the complete trained gag with it's red rubber ball resting between her two large
breasts.

I took hold of the red rubber gag ball and pushed it against her white teeth.
She tried to open her mouth wider but, as her jaw was a bit stiff from being
forced apart continually for the last two hours I had a bit of difficulty
forcing it between her teeth. I pushed and worked it around until it eventually
the rubber sphere slid between her perfect set of white teeth right to the back
of her mouth against her inner gag tube.

Only the tightening of the gag harness straps made it slide fully back in her
mouth so that she could partially close her lips over the ball so her teeth were
not visible. She was perfectly gagged now in the ideal manner from her lips to
well down her throat, the straps digging into her cheeks pulling in slightly
against the large red rubber ball filling her mouth.

I slowly unbuttonned my shirt and trousers, removed my socks and shoes and
finally my elastic jock strap that had kept my erection confined all night and
my cock immediatley sprang out rising a little from the horizontal as I stood
beside Diane tied up so tightly under the sheet.

Her eyes went wide as she saw my muscular body with it's nine inch cock for the
first time and I could easily see her large breast points push against the sheet
in their stiff conical bra cones even further as her breasts swelled up with
excitement.

My cock was aching slightly around the base of the shaft, having swolen more
than two inches in diameter after having been erect for so long and it felt
really ready for some stimulation. I calculated that I could go at least another
hour before I could control it any longer and ejaculate.

I climbed up onto the bed and stretched out on top of her feeling the crisp new
cotton of her sheet covering the shape of her beautiful body and rested my
breasts on where her bra cones pushed two large peaks in the sheet.

After messing around on top of her for ten minutes, tenderly kissing her gagged
lips on either side of the rubber ball until she got used to the sight and feel
of me naked, I slowly eased the sheet off her until it slid down past her taut
girdle and sheer nylons until her black patent leather high heel shoe toe points
and tall, finely spiked heels were visible and I could playfully run my bare
toes over the slippery leather of her shoes.

I could see the red weals of where her mother had hit her with the cane so I
massaged them gently but they only got redder and Diane wriggled and gasped more
indicating that this was hurting her quite a bit so I stopped.

"We must do what your mother said and leave your 'clothes' on, mustn't we?" I
smiled, playfully snapping her tight bra and suspender straps against her flesh
which of course stung her on the red marks left by the cane across her shoulders
and the front of her legs.

Her taut bound body felt lovely against me as I squirmed on top of her feeling
the slippery white rubber of her girdle against my cock and the shiny white
satin bra cones against my own nipples as my cock slid up under the lower rim of
her rubber girdle between her bound legs and against her wet clit.

Finally my cock suddenly slid inside her vagina and it only took ten more hard
thrust to burst through her hymen until I was fully enclosed inside her body.

Having got thus far I decided to make it last as long as possible, pulling out
every time I neared my orgasm and resuming my relentless caressing and probing.

Diane didnt look like ever running out of steam the more I gave her, the more
she seemed to want.

Halfway through I stopped and rolled her onto her tummy and penterated her
vagina from the rear although I could only get half of my cock inside her. This
gave her an almost immediate orgasm as my cock banged against her G-spot.

Her back view with the broad elastic bra back strap and crossed and tied wrists
and the ropes biting into her shapely arms and legs seemed somehow to excite me
even more as I wondered how much tighter I could make them if I tried.

So after a while I untied each of her ropes in turn and pulled them even tighter
around her limbs getting out any slack that had developed in the last three
hours, knotting them as tightly as I dared. Diane couldn't make any sound of
course to let me know it they were too tight but I could see her getting more
excited as I tugged on each cord so tight I thought I would damage her if they
were any tighter. Her hands and her feet under the high heeled shoes were
already red and going slightly numb already!

Tight ropes and gags obviously turned this girl on more than anything and
anyway, she wouldnt be able to complain if I gave her too much on occasions -
just the sort of girlfriend I had been looking for! The combination gag she was
wearing was ideal for when I knew her well enough to give her a flogging before
we had sex in future as the neighbours would not be able to hear a sound!

I thought it was then time to finish her off so I rolled her back onto her bound
wrists which made her breasts thrust harder into my chest and sank my now three
inch diameter cock back inside her, gave her about thirty long thrusts and
exploded inside her, the best orgasm I had had for weeks!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





