BDSM Library - College Submission




College Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jackie had been eagerly awaiting this weekend for awhile now.  With the college community heading home (or to Florida) for Spring Break, she decided to use this new-found privacy to engage in a thorough self-bondage session... that is, until her best-friend/roommate catches her...
(This material is intended for adults only. If you are a minor less than 18
years of age, or if adult/sexually oriented material is illegal where you live,
do not read any further.)

College Submission

By: Da'Rookie22

*BUZZ* *BUZZ* *BUZZ* I reached over and slammed the snooze button on my alarm
clock. I popped my head up from my pillow and looked at the glowing red numbers.
6:45a.m.; another early start to another day of midterms. But then I smiled, and
it was a reassuring smile at that. Today was the LAST day of midterms! I had a
midterm at eight o' clock for my Literature class, and then I was FREE! I
immediately popped up in bed, nearly smashing my head into the ceiling, and
proceeded to climb down my ladder.



I put on a pot of coffee and hopped into the shower for a wake-up rinse. I tried
to be as quiet as I could as not to wake my still slumbering roommate and
long-time friend, Kirsten. She had had her last day of midterms yesterday and
had pulled an all-nighter to prepare for them. She came back to the room and
collapsed into bed and had been sleeping ever since. I actually felt bad for
her, but she said she thought she did well on them, so I guess the lack of sleep
was worth it. I continued to get ready for class. I brushed my teeth and dressed
myself. I took a more relaxed and conservative approach to my wardrobe today.

Considering half of the campus was already home and enjoying their Spring Break
already, there was really no reason to try and turn heads, so I just put on a
pair of faded blue jeans and a blue sweatshirt. I sat down at my computer to
enjoy my morning coffee and a cigarette before my final. I peeked up from under
my bed to make sure that Kirsten was still sleeping.

Her bed was against the far wall of the room, and was lofted as well. Try to
imagine the overhead view of a square room. My bed was along the right hand wall
while her bed was against the bottom wall. A couch would be against the left
hand wall, and our T.V/entertainment center was against the top wall. A small
hallway with closets and the door to the hallway would lead off of the bottom
left hand corner of this overhead view, and the door to our bathroom would be in
the bottom right hand corner. There were windown behind the television and one
behind the couch. I know it might be kind of difficult to describe this, but it
is sort of the best I can do. If any of you have been to college, you should
have a pretty good idea of what this kind of dorm setup is like.

Anyways, since Kirsten was asleep, I decided it was safe to check up on my
latest "purchases". I am a big fan of self-bondage. I grew up with two police
officers for parents, so I had the experience, as many of you had, of
experimenting with handcuffs at a young age. I loved the delicious sensations of
being held captive. When I would handcuff my hands together, my mind began to
take me to places I would never be able to. I dreamed I was a prisoner of war,
bound and helpless, waiting for captor to come and interrogate me in sexual and
perverse ways. I pretend that I am waiting to suprise my lover, and that I have
stripped down to my underwear and handcuffed myself as a present for him. The
ideas were countless, and these thoughts were never as powerful as when I was in
bondage. Pretty soon I began to get more elaborate with handcuffs.

When I was fifteen, I began to freeze the key in ice so that I would have to
wait for release. Sometimes I would freeze it in a small tupperware container,
sometimes I would freeze it in a half-filled milk jug. I even froze it in 5
gallon bucket once when my parents were out of town. I had placed the bucket in
the cooler after they had left on friday and had started my fun on saturday.
Needless to say, I just barely got out before they got back on sunday evening. I
decided not to go that long again. Pretty soon handcuffs lost their appeal. Yes
they were fun, but I craved more elaborate schemes. I wanted total helplessness
for a long time, but I also wanted my wrists to be comfortable. Handcuffs
sometimes have a tendency to hurt the skin, especially since the pair I owned
were cheapos and the "double-lock" had a tendency not to work.

Unable to carry out most of my fantasies, I decided to put my English major
skills to work and I would write about them in my "bondage diary". It was a
leather bound book (what else? *grin*) that I always made sure I kept securely
stowed away from prying eyes. Inside I kept all of my bondage fantasies, my
experiences thus far, as well as plans for scenarios that I had wanted to try
but have been unable to fufill. My collection of toys, I had to admit, was
pretty lame. I had my cheapo handcuffs, a few thin lengths of fabric that I used
for a gag and blindfold, and a 15 foot coil of rope that I snuck out of my
garage from back home. Oh well, I guess it didn't really matter because I didn't
really get a chance to use them anymore either. Kirsten, as much as I love her
dearly, NEVER went home for the weekend! It was honestly driving me nuts. I had
only had a chance to enjoy some self-bondage fun about 3 times this whole year,
and all of them were simple and boring. I was getting desperate for an
opportunity, and finally, after almost two months of waiting, I had my chance...

I turned on my computer and went to check my campus E-mail. "There it is!" I
thought to myself as I notice a message from the campus post office. I clicked
the link and read the message

Jackie - We are writing this message to inform you that you have a package
waiting for you in our mail room. Normally you may pick this up at your leisure,
but since today is the last day before Spring Break, we would advice you to pick
it up before 3:00p.m. due to the shorter hours of the Campus Center. We will
resume our normal hours starting the Monday after vacation. Thank you, and good
luck on your midterms!

Sincerely,

The ------- College Mail Room

"Hooray! Its here!" I was so excited I could barely contain myself. Since
turning 18, I took advantage of the many credit card offers sent to college
students. I had selected one with a relatively low APR and had ordered it
without my parent's knowledge (they would NEVER let me have one). With a credit
card, I now had the power to shop online, which I wasted no time doing. I
immediately starting surfing through all of the virtual sex shops. It took me
awhile to find the one I was looking for. I liked their selection, their prices
were reasonable, I researched them to make sure that they were a respectable
business, and I even researched their credit card security program. Most
importantly, they promised discrete and private delivery. No logos were used on
their boxes to give away the contents, there were no mailing lists I would be
put on as a result of my order, and most importantly, they offered express
delivery options!

This last one was important because I was unaware of Kirsten's exam schedule
until the Friday before exam week. Once I had discovered that she had no exams
today and would be going home, I had to act fast or lose the opportunity! The
discrete packaging and billing was nice as well because I certainly couldn't
have a package like that go home to my two very over-protective parents
(Actually, even though it was discrete I decided against it. Parents are always
nosey in regards to their kid's mail), and I couldn't risk having a box that
said "Bondage Gear Enclosed" show up in the campus mail-room where the students
I went to school with might discover my little habit. So with nothing but
green-lights, I made my online purchases and placed my order for 2 day delivery.
Technically it should have been here wednesday, and I was starting to get
nervous when it didn't show up on thursday, but I knew it had to be here by
Friday, and sure enough, it was. I finished my coffee and put out my cigarette.
I quickly flipped open my bonage diary and looked over my scheme. It was all
falling into place nicely. I heard Kirsten start rolling around so I quickly
shoved the diary into my desk, grabbed my stuff, and headed off to take my exam.

The exam went smoothly. There were one or two short answer questions that I had
a little bit of trouble with, but the whole section only consisted of 10% of the
exam anyways, so I turned in my test with confidence. "Now things will start
getting fun", I thought to myself. I quickly hurried across campus to the Campus
Center to get my package, a spring in my step and a smile plastered to my face
the whole way.

I was a little nervous on my way to get the package. Just my luck the company
would have run out of the plain cardboard boxes and used a clear tupperware
container instead. But my nerves ebbed away as the large, portly guy who worked
at the pickup counter came back with a plain box. I thanked him quickly and then
left the building. Back across campus I went. My dorm was one of the newer dorms
on campus, and me and Kirsten were one of the handful of Freshman to be allowed
to live there. They ran out of room in the Freshman dorms, and since a few
upperclassmen hadn't come back to school this semester, we were able to
capitalize on the overcrowded conditions. Our room was large as dorms go, and we
had our own bathroom which was a definite plus. The thought of sharing 4 shower
stalls between 35 girls on one floor in the Freshman dorms was repulsive, not to
mention difficult to accomplish due to overlapping schedules. My Dad was nice
enough to spring for wall to wall carpeting as well. Since all the furniture was
movable, he and Kirsten's two brothers spent most of the day rearranging
everything and getting it laid down for us. So we had a pretty kickass room on
the third floor overlooking the lake in the quad. It was a nice hookup, and
since it was assumed that most of the people in the hall were Seniors, very few
people said anything about the two of us drinking during hall parties. It was a
good life. :-)

I climbed up the stairs to my room and entered. There was a note taped to my
desk from Kirsten. so I picked it up and read it.



"Hey there sexy, just thought I would leave you a note to say I hope you did
well on your last exam. Sorry I wasn't able to stick around to say goodbye to
you, but I'm sure I will see you this week. Oh, by the way, my parents invited
you over for dinner on Tuesday, so you had better be there! *grin* I know their
meat loaf sucks, but they miss you and haven't seen you around in awhile. You'll
survive. I'll see you later!"

Love,

Kirsten

"Well, that was nice of her" I thought, although I am still a bit uncertain as
to how I feel about her calling me "sexy". Kirsten had admitted to her back in
the first semester that she was bisexual. Well, technically she didn't tell me,
she kissed me when we were sloppy drunk one night! We were sitting on the couch
drinking tequila on a friday, when the topic of sex came up. She asked me "have
you ever thought about being with another woman?" I was so drunk, I must not
have heard the question clearly because the next thing I knew her tongue was in
my mouth and her hand was grabbing my breast. I let this continue for a minute
or two, my mind swirling with confusion the whole time. By the time my common
sense butted in, she had my shirt and bra off, and she was on top of me with my
hands pinned down on the couch. I had enjoyed it, from what I remember of it.
But for the sake of having to live together, I had to let practicality kick in.
We talked about it briefly the next morning and then never mentioned it again. I
must confess though, I did enjoy it. Kirsten was a stunning girl. Long blonde
hair, green eyes, long toned legs, a georgous set of C's up top. Its no wonder
she was the head-cheerleader in high school and had her choice of guys. I mean,
hell, if I was a guy, I would do her! But that is the farthest I have ever gone
in that area. I am a straight girl. I like men. Enough said.

Now it was time to get down to business. I cleaned up the room, vacuumed,
dusted, and made sure that everything was put away. For some reason, I am really
big on everything being neat and tidy when I do self-bondage. I am usually
somewhat of a neat freak in my everyday life, but for some reason, I become even
MORE picky about it when I am bound. Call it strange, but I had waited forever
for this day, and I wanted it perfect. I sat down on the floor and opened up the
box. My hands trembled as I fumbled with the tape.

Once opened, I began to remove the contents one by one. I immediately reached
for the cuffs I had purchased. I had wanted these for the longest time, and now
I had them. Rather than standard handcuffs which had gotten old with me, I had
purchased a set of locking leather wrist cuffs with fleece lining. I wanted
comfort, as well as the feeling of helplessness provided by the leather buckles.
Even though the buckles alone would make it difficult to get out, I chipped in
for small brass padlocks to add on to them to make sure that they would not come
off at all. Just to hear that *click* was enough to get me all wet down below.
And of course, since I had purchased the wrist cuffs, I just had to purchase the
matching black ankle cuffs as well. These too were fleece-lined and buckled, and
could also lock with an optional brass padlock. I, of course, make sure to get
enough padlocks for all four cuffs, as well as a couple of extra ones, each lock
being individually keyed.

Next came a padded blindfold with an elastic strap to it. I actually didn't mind
the white strip of fabric I had been using, but it always seemed to shift in my
struggles. The darkness is erotic, but once it shifts to the point where you can
see from underneath it, the excitement goes away and it becomes a nothing but a
pain. The padding prevented any light from coming in, and the elastic band that
went around your head was tight, but not uncomfortable. No amount of struggling
or shifting would make this come off without some SERIOUS effort.

Next came a coil of black, soft, "Bondage Rope". It was inexpensive, and
promised more comfort than normal rope so I decided to give it a try. I mean,
I'm shelling out all this cash, why the hell worry about an extra 10 bucks? The
next items to come out were also things that I had wanted for the longest time,
but was nervous about going to a "sex-store" to buy. The closest store which
sold such merchandise was right down the street from campus, and I worried that
I would run into somebody that I knew there, or even worse, a professor! I took
out the two vibrators and examined them closely. I had thought about only buying
one of them, but I read online during my research that they don't last for very
long. A couple months of fairly regular use at the most for a reasonably priced
one. Since I didn't want to be ordering stuff all the time from the internet, I
decided to "stockpile" if you will, and make sure that I always had a working
one. They were slightly bigger than their internet picture portrayed. They were
identicle, stick-styled vibrators with that "jelly-feel" to them. They were both
this bright, hot-pink color and had alot of texture to the jelly surface, one of
their main appeals :-) They were about 7" long and pretty close to 1 3/4" wide.
I was hoping that I would be able to "accomodate" one given my somewhat smaller
frame, but I figured if they gave me any trouble I would just have to make them
fit!

Next came the gag. I had contemplated long and hard about the type of gag I
wanted. They made so many different kinds, I didn't really know where to start.
There were inflatable gags, dildo gags, ball gags, and then they had the usually
scarf-like ones that went between the lips and tied off in back. Eventually, I
had settled on what was called a "Ring Gag". It was a large, rubber coated ring
that once inserted, keeps you mouth open in a very inviting position. I almost
went with the ball gag because of the supposed ability it had to muffle most
sound, but the thought of some hot guy finding me and having full access to my
mouth with his member was enough to make me horny as hell, so I decided to go
with it. Finally came my collar. much like the cuffs, it too was leather and
lined with a soft material on the inside of it to prevent any chaffing or
irritation. It locked on, and it had two, heavy gauge rings molded into it. One
if the front, and another in the back.

As much as I wanted to dive into everything right away, it was still only 12:30
in the afternoon. That gave me plenty of time grab another shower, relax with
some wine, plot out my scenario carfully, perhpas make another last-minute entry
in my bondadge-diary, and then set everything up. It was looking to be a very
fun evening. Since the keys would take the longest to get ready, I started with
them first.

Each padlock came with two keys individually made for that lock and that lock
only. I made sure that each of the padlocks were unlocked and proceeded to take
one of the two keys for each lock and put them on a small, plain keyring. The
extra keys to each of the locks I wouldn't need so I just put them back in the
box and put them in my closet. I took a 2 liter soda bottle and filled it
completely up with the coldest water my bathroom tap would allow. I attached a
lenth of string to the ring with the keys on it, and fed the loose end of the
string through a small hole I had punched in the plastic cap. With the cap on
the bottle, I could now pull the string up and down and make sure that the keys
were right smack dab in the middle of the bottle. I secured the string so that
the keys were suspended in the middle of the water filled bottle. I then decided
to lower them a couple more inches to add an extra hour or so onto my time.
After all, I did have nowhere I had to be. I tied off the string and put the
bottle in our freezer. Since our small freezer had nothing in it, I cranked the
temperature level way down to speed up the freezing process.

With main release method prepraring itself, I decided to hop in the shower again
real quick. Unlike my earlier shower, I took alot of extra time to soak and
relax this time. I had pulled out all of my scented body washes that I usually
didn't use except for special occasions. Nothing was going to be done half way
tonight. When I had finished shaving my legs, I stared for awhile at my neatly
trimmed patch of hair between my legs. I had never shaved completely before
because I had always worried that the regrowth period would be irritating and
uncomfortable. But now as I stood there, running my fingers through my soft and
short pubic hair, and I decided to give it a shot. I reached for some more
shaving cream and a fresh razor and began to quickly and precisely remove every
last hair from below my waist.

After my shower, I toweled off and went back into my room. I started foraging
through the closet looking for my latest aquisition from Victoria's Secret. It
was a small, black satin thong with a matching black top that had a front hasp.
I usually wear a size 2 in the lingerie department for comfort, but I wanted
things to feel a little extra tight so I bought a size 1 and knocked a couple of
numbers off of my bra size.

I picked up the panties and slid them up my legs, and then proceeded to put on
the bra. I stood in front of the full lenth mirror and admired my new outfit.
Its amazing how nice lingerie can make a girl feel. It makes you feel so sexy.
In a way, I think it is even sexier than being naked, although I have enjoyed
performing my self-bondage adventures in the buff on many occasions. Its just
that with being naked, there is something missing that goes along with the
fantasy. Everything is so out there and exposed, which indeed does invoke a very
stimulating reaction, but it is more raw and lusty. Lingerie, however, tends to
leave something to the imagination. It is so small that it covers only the bare
necessities, which gives you that feeling of being nude. But even moreso, it
almost emphasizes your helplessness and outlines your most intimate body parts.
The color of the lingerie even plays a part in the scenario. Bondage is often
considered to be a dark, kinky practice. Slaves are usually portrayed to be
donned in black to mark their servitude and make them appear slutty. Especially
when you are blindfolded and your mind compensates for your eyesight, the vision
of yourself looking sexy, bound helpless, giving into that "dark", slutty side
of yourself, and having the possibility that you could be discovered in this
position is enough to send your mind into a sexual overload. The sensations are
absolutely incredible.

I examined myself in the mirror wearing my new outfit. I worked hard to keep
myself in good shape, and although I tried to dress myself conservatively, I
loved to break away every once in awhile and go for a more risque' look. I made
a strong attempt this year to frequent the weight room at least a couple days a
week. Being only 5'4" and a whopping 105lbs, I hated being thought of as a
"petite" or "fragile" girl. I could stand on my own two feet, and if need be, I
could defend myself in a fight. I think perhaps that is another one of my
appeals to bondage. I consider myself to be a strong person, both mentally and
physically, and bondage is a way that I can lower my defenses and indulge in my
submissive side without anybody thinking any less of me.

Going over to my desk, I pulled out my journal from my stationary drawer where I
had stashed it earlier and began to review my plan, as well as make an entry
about the delivery and my current level of excitement. Once done, I went over to
the freezer and checked the status of the keys. The ice was starting to encase
them, but there was still alot of water inside that had yet to freeze. I needed
to keep myself busy for about another hour or so.

I went over to the bathroom and started to prepare myself for this evening. I
applied lip gloss and dark eye makeup, although it wouldn't really make too big
of a difference because I would be blindfolded. It just made me feel sexier so I
figured, "Why the hell not?" I also tied my long brown hair back in a ponytail
so that it wouldn't get in the way during the evening's festivities. I picked up
a bottle of my favorite perfume called "Happy", and proceeded to give myself a
few spritzes. One on my neck, one on my stomach, and one between my breasts.
"There. That should do nicely" I thought. I examined myself one more time in the
mirror. My face seemed to be glowing with excitement. Even my green eyes seemed
to have a more glossy look to them. I went back into my room and lit the
numerous candles I had purchased earlier in the week. I went over to where my
gear was sitting neatly in a pile on my chair. Sitting down on the carpeted
floor, I pick up the numerous wrist and ankle cuffs and proceed to buckle them
onto my wrists and ankles. I made sure that each cuff was secure enough to not
wiggle or come off at all, but not tight enough to the point of discomfort.
After all, this scenario would last for a good long while.

I started to apply the padlocks to each of the cuffs. With each *click* I could
feel myself getting more and more aroused. By the time I clicked on the final
lock, my nipples were standing straight out and I could feel myself starting to
get wet. My nipples were actually in the original plans for this evening. I
don't have the biggest breasts in the world. Unlike Kirsten's high C's, mine
were average-sized B's. My body made them look pretty good though. They didn't
sag, my nipples were the right size for my size chest, they were naturally
perky, (yet rounded, not pointy). I was happy with them. They are actually one
of my major erogonous zones, and I had contemplated perhaps ordering some nipple
clamps for them. I could excite myself to full arousal just my rubbing them and
tweaking them, but in the end, I wanted to wear my bra a little bit more than
the clamps. Besides, I hear that they have the potential to hurt like a bitch,
and I didn't want them to be super uncomfortable during my lengthly self-bondage
session.

Finally came the collar. I adjusted it to make sure that it was snug, but
certainly not tight. Once secured around my neck, I pick up another small
padlock, found the hasp on the back of the collar, and snapped the lock into
place. I stood up from the floor and went over to the mirror once more. What I
saw was perhpas the most awesome sight I have ever seen. There I stood in all my
5'4" glory. Decked out in the skimpiest of black lingerie, complimented by black
cuffs on all four of my limbs, and topped off with a thick black collar around
my neck. Even I had trouble adjusting to the transformation. I looked like a
slave, sure enough, and I was quite pleased with my online shopping adventure
thus far. I especially loved how the ring on the front of my collar hung down in
front and jingled back and forth with every movement of my head. In my opinion,
that little ring looked sexier than any necklace I had in my jewelry box. I
wanted to take advantage of my outfit so I decided to take a picture of this to
add to my alt.com profile. I went into my closet and pulled out my Polaroid
camera that I kept on the top shelp. I set the camera on the chair and set the
timer for 5 seconds. After I started the countdown, I hopped in front of the
camera and slid down into a kneeling position and put on my best looking
"submissive smile". *CLICK*. The photo actually turned out pretty good. I
decided that I would scan it on Kirsten's computer and post it before I left for
home tomorrow. I put the camera and the photo on the desk, poured myself another
glass of wine, and sat on the couch to relax for a little bit.

Getting anxious, I checked the freezer one more time. The keys were now frozen
solid in the ice, so I decided it was time to put the finishing touches on my
little adventure. I really wasn't too picky about the whole key setup. I wanted
no way to escape, which freezing all of the keys did. The other ones were inside
the box on the top shelp of my closet, so they were completely out of the
picture as well. It was a nice and simple escape plan that had very minimal
risks to it. Perfect for a trial run with all of my new toys. hee hee

I cut the string and took off the cap to the bottle and set it down on the floor
across the room. I put fresh batteries inside one of the vibrators and set the
other one on top of my desk for now. Grabbing the coil of "Bondage Rope" (25
feet) that I had sent away for, I proceeded to cut off two 5 foot lengths, a 3
foot length, and a ten foot length, and there was a small two foot lenth left
over that I just put on the desk with the rest of my stuff. I also unwrapped two
new combination locks that I had bough at the store earlier in the week for my
little adventure. I figured that keeping the combination stickers on the back
wouldn't hurt at all because they wouldn't be getting unlocked until after I had
access to the padlock keys anyways, not to mention that the blindfold would make
it difficult to see the combinations regardless.

I turned off the lights to the room and made sure the door was locked. I sat
down in the middle of the floor and proceeded to open both combination locks. I
put my ankles together and placed the combination lock through both rings on the
inside of my ankle-cuffs. *CLICK!* "That's one", I thought.

With my ankles now locked together, I moved myself into a kneeling position.
Picking up one of the 5-foot lengths of rope, I began to wrap it around my lower
torso a couple of times snugly and knotted it off strongly in the front of me.
Next came the vibrator. I picked it up off the floor and examined it for awhile.
I turned it on and off a few times, caressed my body with it, and for awhile,
considered giving it a trial run before my little adventure. "Patience" I told
myself. I would get good use of it soon enough. Reaching between my legs and
pushing my panties aside with one hand, I began to slide the vibe in using my
other. It was a little slow going at first considering the girth of the toy, but
my excitement level was so high at this point that after a moment or two, I was
suprised to see it slide in easily and disappear all the way up inside of me
with the exception of the black speed-control knob at its base. Holdiing it in
as tightly as I could, I put my panties back over it proceeded to hurry up with
the next step of my bondage.

I turned the vibrator to its lowest setting before I took the next step. I
contemplated turning it up higher than that, but I wanted the "prolonged
teasing" effect. If my sole purpose was to have as many orgasms as possible, I
would do away with all of the ropes and just stick to the vibrator now, wouldn't
I? Taking the other 5-foot length of rope, I tied off one end in front of me to
the coils going around my lower torso. Once knotted, I fed it down between my
legs, up to my back, around the coils going around me, back down through my
cheeks, between my legs and back up and around the coils in front of me again. I
repeated this process one more time, made sure it was all a little on the tight
side, and then knotted it off in front again with all the other knots. The main
purpose of this was to keep the vibrator buried inside of me as deeply as
possible to and to keep it from escaping or doing anything I didn't want it to.

Sitting down on the carpet, I grabbed the 10-foot length and proceeded to wrap
my legs. Starting just above my cuffed ankles, I wrapped the rope around and
around and finally knotted it just below my kneecaps. I had practiced bondage
before using normal rope with less than encouraging results. Usually the rope
ends up cutting off circulation after but a short while. In order to tie it so
that it doesn't do this usually means that the rope is loose and the situation
escapable. This rope, however, was much better. It was make of a
cotton/rayon/nylon material that was strong, yet as soft as a scarf or a pair of
pantyhose. I flexed my legs a little and tried to esacpe for a minute or two.
Needless to say, my legs wouldn't seperate or slide an inch. It was a good setup
so far. :-)

I picked up the final, 3-foot length of rope and tied it off on the metal ring
of the combination lock holding my ankles together. Rolling onto my stomach, I
reached behind me and pulled the rope until my heels were almost touching my
butt cheeks. Threading the rope under and around the coil going around my torso,
I returned the slack to the combination lock and knotted it once more tightly.
In this position, I was more compacted and restricted. This made it so that I
couldn't stand up and move around, or to find some way to get out of my
predicament. The vibratory continued its low buzzing and I could feel my juices
start to escape from my between my legs. I realized that I had to start hurrying
things up.

I put on my ring gag and buckled it behind my head. I tested it to see if it
would shift at all and was pleased to find that it stayed put quite well. No
matter how hard I tried, I could not expel it or make any coherent words. Next
came the blindfold. I made sure that the final lock was at my side and that the
room was all set. The ice had started to melt already and a very thin layer of
water was starting to accumulate. I put the blindfold on and reached for the
open combination lock. Reaching behind me to the small of the back, I threaded
the combination lock's hasup under one of my torso ropes. I fitted one of the
metal rings from each cuff onto the hasp as well and then closed it. I was now a
prisoner of my own imagination!

I decided to have some fun with my new scenario so I thrashed and fought against
my bonds. Being tied as I was, I couldn't even get any leverage with my legs due
to their compacted position. I rolled left and right, and pretty much all over
now that I think of it. Nothing I did made my bonds even a little bit less
constricting, all I did was manage to get myself really, really horny! I sat
there in blindness for awhile enjoying the feelings that the vibrator was giving
me. I even let myself go a bit farther and began to let out some moans through
my gag. This self-bondage session was perhaps the most delicious experience of
my life. All I had to do was accept my fate, enjoy my bonds, and wait for the
ice to melt. The night was still very young, after all. However, I had no idea
at this point just how long the night was going to get...

My body tensed as I heard the lock in the door. "Who the hell could that be?" I
thought to myself. I started to once again thrash around, determined... no,
DESPERATE to escape my bonds and somehow find a way to cover up this scenario.
"Yeah right, dumbass" I told myself. I was as good as busted.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" I heard Kirsten say. I tried to tell her
that this whole thing was just a big misunderstanding, but I briefly forgot
about the gag and it only came out as a bunch of barbles and grunts. Kirsten
laughed at my attempt to talk. "What? What's that you say? I can't understand
you, Jackie", she giggled. I was absolutely embarrased. All this planning, all
this hard work, and all the fine details all for a brief 25 minutes of fantasy
and years of humility.

I could hear Kirsten walking around me. She said nothing at first, but I could
feel her eyes gaze down on my scantily-clad, bound body. "Oh my! Considering
changing your major to Photography, are you?" I heard her sit down at my desk.
"Wow, I think I'll keep this one in my purse and get rid of your school
picture." I could feel my cheeks start to heat up, and I knew that my face must
be as red as can be at this point. I tried once more to speak, but with the same
barbled resutls as before. "Awww, looking for a chance to explain yourself, are
we? I suppose that can be arranged."

With that said, Kirsten knelt down by me and unbuckled the ring gag from the
back of my head. I spent the first couple moments opening and closing my jaw,
trying to work the stiffness out of it. "Please let me go", I managed to squeak
out. Kirsten responded to my plea with a laugh. "Well now, sexy. Normally I
would, but I have this feeling that you really don't want me to. I know you did
this to yourself, you little slut. I figured for awhile you were into this kind
of stuff, and my theory was confirmed this morning when I went through your desk
to get a piece of paper to write my note to you on. That is when I found THIS".
I heard a distinct *THUMP* as Kirsten dropped what must have been my bondage
diary on the floor beside my head. "I normally respect your privacy, but when I
saw this, my curiosity got the best of me. I must say Jackie, you certainly have
some "interesting tastes" to say the least. Don't feel too embarrased though, I
have similar tastes myself, execpt I enjoy being the dominant one. I've never
really had a chance to see what kind of "Mistress" I would make, so when I
flipped to the most recent page in your little journal here and saw what you had
in store for tonight, I couldn't pass up this opportunity. I mean, it says here
that you are submissive and enjoy being bound and helpless. I, however, think
that I could do a great job at dominating you. Face it Jackie, its a perfect
combination for fun."

I started thrashing around in my bonds, furious that Kirsten had read my
personal things, and even moreso, had decided to capitalize on them! "Kirsten!
Enough is enough, you've had your fun and caught me in the act, now get the keys
and let me go!"

"Wow", she said, "You certainly are an energetic one, aren't you? And besides,
who are you to give me such an order? You are hardly in a position to be telling
anybody what to do."

"Kirsten, I'm not kidding, go get the keys and.. Mmdmleo Mm mmph." Kirsten had
taken the ring gag and once again inserted it into my mouth. I continued to yell
and curse out a bunch of obscenities at her, but they sounded like nothing more
than a bunch of mumbo jumbo."

"Just relax sweetie, I have a fun evening in store for you."

With that, she yanked off my blindfold and allowed me to see. I thought for a
brief moment that my eyes were playing tricks on me due to the dimness of the
room, but I soon realized that it was indeed no trick.

Kirsten was wearing a short, black vinyl mini-skirt with a matching vinyl
tube-top that just barely managed to contain her breasts. She was wearing black
heels which accentuated her gorgeous legs, and much like myself, she had applied
darker eye makeup and had her hair back in a ponytail. She certainly made well
on her aspirations of being a dominitrix, because she certainly looked the part!
I was trying to figure out how and the hell she managed to walk through the dorm
dressed like this, but then I realized that there were only a hanful of students
left in the dorm, and I also saw her long, dress coat draped over the back of
the chair.

I tried once again to escape my bonds but I had done too well of a job. My legs
were still bent towards my ass and my hands had very limited ability while
cuffed to the small of my back. Every time I yanked at my wrists, I pulled the
ropes running through my crotch depper and deeper, which of course in turn was
driving the vibrator deeper as well. Despite my situation, I was giving myself
alot of pleasure by struggling, and the vibrator's low buzzing was quickly
inching me towards my first orgasm. Kirsten must have noticed this and realized
about the vibrator. She quickly undid the rope holding my legs together and
loosened my crotch rope. She quickly yanked the vibrator out of me and dangled
it in a taunting manner in front of my face. "You want this, don't you slut."
She gave me an absolutely wicked smile and continued to watch as I stared at the
pink pleasure toy I had purchased. "I'm sorry to tell you this sweetie, but you
won't be getting off for quite awhile, so you had better just accept it."

My heart sank. Now I was to be bound helpless without any means of sexual
release. If only Kirsten had waited another 15 seconds I could have at least
gotten one orgasm out of my system. But just as I was about to reach my peak,
she had to bring me crashing down. This was almost more than I could bear. Here
I was, almost naked, bound tightly, caught in the act and at the mercy of my
unusually ruthless roommate, and to top it off, I could not speak, and now I was
was not allowed to get off. I wanted to cry I was so frustrated. I decided to
try and collect my wits and look around the room for any means to escape.
However, this was no good. In my cleaning process I had put everything out of
the way, I had put my spare keys on the top shelf of my closet inside of the
box, and the other keys I could see were still quite a long way from thawing.
One thing that did catch my eye, however, was a curious black bookbag sitting on
my desk. It wasn't there before, so I could only assume that Kirsten had brought
it with her. She must have noticed my inquisitive look at the bag because she
stood up and walked over to the bag, picked it up, and dropped is beside me. She
also looked over at the melting ice in the bottle. "Hmmmm, I guess I should take
care of that, shouldn't I?"

She picked up the bottle and disappeared into the bathroom. I heard the sound of
water running for a long time until finally, Kirsten emerged with the keys in
one hand and the empty bottle in the other.

She held them up and jingled them. "I guess I am calling the shots now,
sweetie." From the look on her face, I could tell that she was REALLY enjoying
this. I had to be honest, I was actually enjoying this as well. My scenario was
now completely out of my control. My fate rested in the hands of a woman with
dominitrix aspirations, as well as a creative and cunning imagination. Despite
my arousal, I was also very nervous. Every time I had fantasized about being
bound and helpless it involved another man. A man who was strong, lustful,
inventive, and would use me as his tool for servicing his throbbing member. In
this scenario, however, my, "Master" was a woman. A woman who obviously found me
attractive due to a prior attemtp at trying to seduce me. However this time, I
was hardly in a position to stop her from doing whatever she wanted to me. It
was such of mix of fantasy and fear that I found myself extremely confused, and
yet, extremely aroused.

"You have mixed feelings about me because I'm Bi, don't you?", she asked
inquisitively. "It is ok if you do, I had those same feelings as well until I
discovered that I myself had these "tendencies". But it is actually an
interesting experience to be with another woman. You don't have to worry about
becoming pregenant or anything, and you already know what feels good, therefore,
there is no awkwardness of learning to become familiar with how to perform on
the male body. It works the other way as well. There is nobody better than
another woman to know just how to give you the right kind of pleasure... or
pain."

My head shot up to look at her when I heard her say the word "pain". She gave me
a sly grin and a wink, and began to open up her bookbag and take out the
contents.

She pulled out a large, white shopping bag from the bookbag. I recognized the
name of the store on the bag that read "Special Spices". It was the name of the
sex-shop down the road from the school that I had been afraid to go into! She
tossed the bookbag onto the desk and started pulling the contents out of the
white bag. "Oh, by the way, thank you for writing your shopping list down in
your little "diary". I would hate to have wasted money on something you already
had.", she giggled. My eyes were fixed on the bag, "What on Earth did she buy?",
I thought. She dipped her hand into the bag and started rustling around inside
of it. My eyes shot open as saw her draw out a long, black riding crop. She
watched my expression as she brought it out of the bag only a few inches at a
time, savouring my suprise. It was close to about two feet in length, and had a
handle, a long, thin shaft, and a looped over piece of leather at the end. I
actually remembered seeing something like it on one of the stores I visited
online. It was indeed called a "Loop-end Riding Crop" if memory served me. The
next item was a large, black ball gag. "Don't worry Jackie, we'll make good use
of your ring gag. But this will make sure that any "involuntary" noises that you
let out won't get out of hand". "Involuntary noises? What is she talking
about?", I pondered. The next items to come out were nipple clamps. Not just
one, but TWO pairs. One set had two, small rubber-coated clamps connected with a
twelve inch chain. The other pair also had two clamps that were rubber coated
and had a 12" chain, but these clamps were larger and also had a larger clamping
surface. I guess my nipples were going to get some attention tonight after all!
Next came another coil of black "bondage rope". It wasn't the same kind I had
bought though, this was your normal, run-of-the-mill cotton rope that was black
in color to add a more erotic look to it. "You can never have too much rope",
she replied, obviously detecting my curiosity. The last thing she pulled out
were two long , white candles. "They were on sale", she said, but something
about the look on her face told me something else...

I was suprised at how well my original bondage was doing. It was about 9:00p.m.,
so it had been close to an hour since I had originally done this to myself, and
in that time, I was having no circulation troubles, no aches (except for a
little in my jaw), and nothing had even come close to loosening. Excluding the
current circumstances, I would have to say that this was the most well executed
bondage experience I had ever done. Kirsten, however, decided that it was time
for a little something else.

She knelt down and proceeded to untie my torso rope. My ankles and my wrists
were no longer confined so I took this opportunity to stretch my legs out and
move my wrists a bit to prevent any cramping. Grabbing me lightly by my hair,
Kirsten gently "helped" me up onto my knees so that I was now in a kneeling
position. She unwound her new coil of rope, and I could see her look up towards
the ceiling. The ceilings in our room were relatively high since our beds were
lofted to conserve space. There was, however, a small, 6-inch heating pipe in
our room that hung about 3 inches down from the ceiling and went straight across
our room and into the next. The pipe actually went the entire length of the
hallway and was present in every room, but it never got in the way so nobody
really cared about it. It was even painted white to blend in with the rest of
the walls and ceiling. This pipe, I could tell, would play a part in Kirsten's
scheme. With rope in hand, she climbed up the ladder at the end of my bed and
draped one end of the rope over this sturdy pipe and fed it down near the
ground. Back on the floor, she slid the rope further down the length of pipe so
that both ends were dangling down more in the middle of the room. Moving behind
me, she started fumblind with my wrist-cuffs. "Awwww, how nice! You left the
combinations on for me. I think I had better take this away from you though.
After all, I don't want you to get away from me." She peeled off the combo
sticker, as well as the one from the lock holding my ankles together, and stuck
them to a piece of paper she pulled out of my desk drawer. What happened next
was the oddest thing yet.

I heard her fumble around with the dial and then the lock opened. Now was my
chance! If I was going to get out of this situation, now was the time for me to
do it! I could fight her off of me, make a grab for the keys, try and free
myself, and then try to get out of the room! All I had to do was wait for her to
take the lock off of the rings on my cuffs and then I would have full usage of
my hands! Here was my opportunity, I had to wait just a moment or two more! Then
that moment came... the moment where the lock no longer held my wrists together
and I could capitalize on my plan!

... And then that moment passed.



I didn't even budge, flinch, or make a resisting movement. I just knelt there,
my back as straight as an arrow, my arms in complete compliance as she moved
them around in front of me and reattached the lock to the rings on the cuffs.
She even had to problems getting me out of my bra. I didn't say a word, and I
made no attempt to even buy me some time. I think Kirsten's strategy was
starting to kick in. I may be "small", but I could definetely fight off Kirsten
despite her obvious leverage advantage (I think). I think that she knew this
too, and I think that my compliance was a major factor for the plans that she
had for the evening. She left me in a state of orgasm denial, which of course
made me sexually frustrated and in need for fufillment. She had me bound and
helpless and she knew that I LIKED being bound and helpless due to her reading
of my diary. This of course also made me very sexually aroused. And even moreso,
she knew that I loved to be dominated and have never been dominated thus far in
my sexual adventures (information that I had put in my last journal enty that
she had read), and she was taking the risk that, wether it be a man or a woman,
I would use this opportunity to finally achive this fantasy. I suppose her
gamble was starting to pay off. I was indeed very aroused, and yet, nervous at
the same time. I still had many hesitations about her being a bisexual woman and
all, but that made the possibilites even more vast, which in turn, excited me
even more! After all, being made to do things that you don't want to do is all
part of being a slave, isn't it? I was just feeling so damn vulnerable right now
and I loved every second of it!

She left me kneeling on the floor and went over to my closet. She then took
every last piece of clothing that I have hanging on hangers and threw them down
on the floor of my closet. Taking one of the closet rods, she closed the door
and came back over to where I was kneeling in the center of the room and tossed
it on the floor. Grabbing one of the ropes that was now hanging from the
ceiling, she proceeded to weave it in and out of the rings on the my wrist
cuffs, finally making one great big mess of knots around the loop on the
combination lock. She then unlocked my ankle cuffs and undid the rope binding my
legs together. Kirsten grabbed the other end of the rope hanging over the pipe
and started to pull my arms slowly up over my head. She left enough slack in my
arms and then tied it off on the leg of the couch. Grabbing the the 10-foot
lenght of rope that once bound my legs together, she picked up the closet bar
and fed the rope through the hollow shaft. The bar was a good four feet in
lenght, and she measured the rope so that about three feet of rope protruded
from each side. She set down the bar for a moment and began to trace her
fingertips along my stomach. "You like this, don't you slut?", she taunted. I
made no attempt to verify her claim. "Oh yeah, that's right. I forgot you can't
speak. That is ok I guess. There are, after all, OTHER ways to find out the
truth...". Her fingertips slowly trailed down to the waist of my panties. My
legs jumped together in response to this. One finger disappeared, followed by
two, and then another. "Spread em'!", she ordered. My legs remained together.
"Fine, we can do things your way. I'll enjoy punishing you for your disobedience
later..."

With that said, she grabbed one of my nipples and yanked hard. I yelped in pain
and then did as I was told. I seperated my legs to let her continue her
inspection. Her whole hand disappeared inside of my panties and my body
shuddered as her hand gently brushed up against my sex. I felt her index finger
rub up against my swollen clit a few times. I moaned gently through my gag as
she continued her stimulation. Then the finger stopped and I felt it part my
pussy lips and slide back and forth between them. I was seriously dripping from
excitement at this point and I started to slowly grind my pelvis in unision with
her finger's movements.

"You see, sweetie, you can tell me a million times that you don't like this, but
your own body betrays you." She smiled her wicked smile and then stopped her
friction. "You seem to be getting pretty damn wet down there, aren't you slut?
Let's let that pussy of yours air out for a little while, shall we?" With that,
she firmly gripped my new black panties with both hands and tugged them down to
my ankles, and then off.

Grabbing her homemade spreader bar, she laid it on the ground at my feet. She
ordered me to spread my legs widely apart so that the bar's 4-foot width would
fit between my ankles. Fearing another yank on my nipple, I did as I was told,
and Kirsten quickly went about tying the rope to each ankle cuff, knotting off
each one tightly. She then went over and released the rope that held my arms up
above my head from the couch leg.

She once again began to pull on the rope. I looked up and watched as my arms
were raised higher and higher. Fortunately for me Kirsten stopped when she did.
I was unsure that I would be able to support myself on my tiptoes should she hae
decided to go any higher. Kirsten tied off the rope once more and my body was
now stretched taught. By arms were bound together above my head and my legs were
forced wide apart and rendered immobile by the spreader bar. The gentle, warm
breeze coming from one of my slightly cracked windows reminded me of just how
exposed I was as its contact with my dampened sex sent goosebumps up and down my
body and made my nipples stand straight out.. I tested my bonds to find that I
could only move a matter of inches in my arms and legs.

"Dammit I am good", she giggled. "Not bad considering I only had the afternoon
to plan for this. I should seriously think of pursuing a career in this area." I
was breathing heavily with anticipation and excitement by this time. I knew that
I was extremely open and vulnerable in this position. I was also feeling very
embarrassed as this position also left very little to the imagination. I was
starting to regret shaving my pubic area too. Although it was neatly trimmed
before I had done it, my nakedness seemed more emphasized without it. I was also
kind of embarrased because Kirsten did not know that this was a "one time only"
kind of thing. She probably thought that I kept it that way all the time.

"I think I like you like this. You look so sexy and helpless that I can feel
MYSELF getting wet just by looking at you. Which reminds me, I think I should
document this occasion so that I can start a scrapbook of my work or something."

Kirsten went over to my desk and picked up my Polaroid camera. "Smile my sexy
little slave!" I fought and fought to try and free a hand so that I could cover
myself, but to no avail. Kirsten took picture after picture, walking around me
so that she could get different angles. She even laid down between my legs and
aimed the camera upwards to get a picture of my shaven pussy.

As she was sitting up, she paused for a moment and began to kiss a trail up the
inside of my thighs. My body tensed at her touch as she continued to move
upwards. She grabbed my ass in one hand and gently squeezed while she ran her
other hand up and down my legs while she kissed me. I was panting through my gag
and let a few moans escape as well. I was embarrased by moaning, but for some
reason, I couldn't contain them. They actually sounded more like squeaks with my
mouth being so dry, but for every "squeak" I let out, I knew that Kirsten was
realizing that she was getting to me. She continued squeezing my ass and
stroking my legs. With each kiss she inched agonizingly closer to my awaiting
slit. She was taking long, slow movements; every once in awhile sticking her
tongue out and licking a trail on my skin. She was getting high enough where she
was actually bumping my sex with her nose, and I closed my eyes in anticipation
as I knew within the next few kisses she would be all the way home. I lightly
gasped as I felt her lips give me a gentle kiss on my little bud... and then
felt a sharp *SMACK* as her hand swatted my ass, bringing my back into reality
and breaking the trance. Standing up to her full height, Kirsten looked down
into my face and then gave me a light kiss on the cheek. "No, no, no, my little
slave", she said mockingly. "I would hate for you to have to enjoy the contact
of another woman. After all, you aren't into that "sort of thing", are you?" She
smirked and then reached down for her new toys. Picking up the black ball-gag,
she walked behind me and began to unbuckle the ring gag. She threw it onto my
desk underneath my bed and picked up my glass of red wine that I had been
drinking earlier.

"Care to wetten your whistle?", she asked. I nodded my head in acceptance and
she held the glass up to my head and let me drain the glass. She set it back
down on the desk and picked the ball gag back up. She was about to put it up to
my mouth when a light bulb must have gone on in her head. She gave me a sly look
and then reached back down and picked up my damp panties. "Open wide", she
ordered. She moved them closer to my lips, but I refused to allow them in.
*SMACK* Kirsten took a full swing with her hand and found her mark on my left
butt cheek. I opened my mouth in pain and she shoved the musk-filled panties
into my mouth and quickly secured the ball gag onto my head. I had never tasted
my own juices before, and I was embarrased how she made me now. "Get used to the
taste", she told me.

"There will be alot more where that came from later on..."

.... To be continued.




*Here is part 2 as promised.  Thank you for everyone who responded to part 1 so
enthusiastically.  It is always nice to get good reviews and good votes, so I
encourage all of you to do both!  As is with my stories, please don't use them
without permission.  I've never told anybody who asked me that they couldn't use
them, but I consider asking permission to be a professional courtesy.  I hope
you all enjoy my stories!  Happy reading!  *grin*


College Submission
By:  Da'Rookie22
bdsm_coed@yahoo.com

******PART II******
	
	"MMmMmmphhhph" was the only audiable sound I could make while gagged the way
I was.  I could smell my own excitement ebbing up to my nostrils from the
panties which Kirsten had shoved into my mouth before buckling up her newly
purchased ball-gag tighly around my head.  I could also taste myself as well,
something that I had to say was a definite first for me.  It was nothing like
that horrible "Tuna" analogy that so many men had attached to the experience of
going down on a woman.  It was bitter, and yet sweet at the same time.  Not
unbearable by any means, but I accepted my fate given my current situation and
told myself that the taste of revenge would be much better should the
opportunity ever arise someday.

	Kirsten was circling my naked, bound form.  My body was stretched taught in
my current position.  My hands were locked together and pulled high above my
head, while down below, my legs were forced a good 4-feet apart by a homemade
spreader bar made out of the bar I hung my hangers on in my closet.  I had been
stripped of my new, skimpy lingerie, and I was now helpless and waiting for my
"Mistress" to make her next move.  Kirsten was more imaginitive than I
originally gave her credit for.  I was starting to wonder just how long exactly
she had had these aspirations of being a dominitrix seeing as how nothing she
had done so far was in my diary that she had read, and she seemed to be pulling
most of these positions and ideas randomly off the top of her head.  Needless to
say I was quite impressed.

	Kirsten said nothing as she examined me.  She was becoming more relaxed
having taken off her heels, and she was making the most out of the wine that was
still in the bottle that I had been drinking earlier.  She had also taken it
upon herself to smoke a few of my cigarettes, which of course, I wasn't too
thrilled about seeing as how she wasn't offering me one.  Occasionally she would
make me shudder by running her fingernails gently across my abdomen or up and
down my back.  She would toy with my hair every once in awhile, and even allowed
her hand to drift down near my heavily excited sex.  Much to my disappointment,
however, she never allowed contact.  I was remembering back to my days when I
helped my parents out at the fair and I saw the 4-H cattle auctions.  I now
sympathize with those cows, because I was now beginning to feel like them. 
Standing in the middle of the auction floor  being examined, and touched, and
inspected like a piece of meat.  It was an interesting experience to say the
least. 

	Kirsten put out her cigarette and emptied her glass.  "Well now my little
slave, I say we move to the next stage of your lesson."  Kirsten moved in front
of me and bent down to retrieve the nipple clamps.  She turned around and held
them in front of my face, the candlelight flickering off of their shiny chrome
surface in a beautiful manner that temporarily took my eyes off of the menacing
"business" ends of them.  Kirsten then leaned in close to my chest and took my
left nipple in her mouth.  While she was gently sucking, she circled the nub
with her tongue in a clockwise motion.  "Mmmmm" I moaned.  Kirsten looked up at
me and then went back about her work.  She knew that my nipples were very
sensitive.  There was a question in one of her magazines once that asked what
the most erogonous zone in your body was.  We discussed this question in depth,
my nipples being mine, and the crook of her neck being hers.  I never thought
that my answer would one day come back to haunt me like this. 

	I was in heaven with the special treatment she was giving to my breasts.  I
could feel myself start to get heavily aroused once again, and as good as the
nipples felt, I was beginning to crave something more!  After she serviced each
breast equally, she gently blew on them to make them harden and stand out.  I
had almost forgotten about the menacing clamps.  She grabbed my left breast and
brough one of the clamps up to attach it.  "MMMMPPHHHH!!!" I screamed into my
gag as she tightened down the unyielding jaws upon my poor, defenseless nipple. 
She then gave it a few short tugs which made me immediately thrust forward to
give some slack.  I had seen pictures of these used before, but I never expected
them to hurt like this!  It was like a slow burn of pain which started out
unbearable, but then subsided to a "barely tolerable" type of pain.  Rather than
immediately connect the other end to my other breast, she threaded the chain
through the ring on the front of my collar, and then brought it down and
repeated the attaching process to my right one.  This made it so I had to keep
my head lowered to take the tension off of my aching nubs.  Whenever I raised my
head, the chain pulled the clamps, which in turn, pulled my nipples upwards. 
This hurt like hell, so I did my best to just stand there with my head in its
lowered, "submissive" position. 

    "I've always wondered how those things worked", Kirsten said with a high
level of amusement in her voice. 

    "And don't think that you've found a way to outsmart me by keeping your head
bowed down, though.  As much as I like seeing it that way, my little game
wouldn't be any fun if you just stood there like that." 

	With that said, I saw her bend down and pick up the black, looped-end riding
crop.  She must have also grabbed the blindfold as well because the candlelight
disappeared, only to be replaced by darkness as she pulled it down over my eyes. 
Everything was quiet.  I couldn't hear Kirsten moving and I was trying to figure
out where she was.  All I could hear was the gentle whistle of the warm brezze
blowing through the cracked window.  All of a sudden, *SMACK* went the riding
crop hard against my ass.  The blow was forceful enough to make me jump from the
ground.  Even worse, I now understood what Kirsten was talking about.  The pain
was bad enough to where I jerked my head back, thus yanking hard on my nipples
and causing even more pain to my tits.  "Now THAT'S the kind of reaction I like
to see!", she laughed.   Blow after blow landed on my backside.  I fought like
hell against my bonds to try and free myself, but they remaind steadfast in
their purpose.  I tried to focus on just keeping my head lowered to cut the pain
in half, but every time I managed to control it, Kirsten made sure the next blow
was strong enough to make me move and yank my nipples.  Occasionally she would
take a break and let me catch my breath.  During this time she usually enjoyed
trailing the crop across my body and watching me tense and try to move away from
it.  She wasn't hitting me hard enough to cause welts or bruises, and certainly
not break the skin, but I could tell by the warmth coming off of them that my
butt had to be a nice, rosey pink at this point.

	She traced the crop around to the front of me, patting it gently on my
stomach and breasts.  Every once in awhile, she would give a mild swat at one of
my nipples, which of course brought forth yet more muffled yells and obscenities
into my gag.  I think she may have been able to make out the word "Bitch" that I
had called her, because she brought the tip of the crop down between my legs and
patted it in a warning matter against my shaven mound.  "Careful slut", she
warned.  "Even though you are gagged, that mouth will still land you in a heap
of trouble."  Deciding that I was in no position to argue, I nodded my head
(*ouch*) and did my best to remain silent. 

	"Did you enjoy your punishment, slave?"  I shook my head carefully in
disagreement, despite the fact that I savoured every minute of it.  I decided
that I would egg her on.  I could tell that she was really starting to get into
this, and the more she did, the more I would get out of it.  "I said, did you
enjoy your punishment!"  This time she finished the sentence with a hard, solid
strike to my ass with the crop.  This time I nodded my head (*ouch*).  "Good,
that is what I like to hear.  I hope you are eager for more because we are just
getting started." 

	I heard her set down the crop and once again, I could feel her fingers on my
tender skin.  At first she gently cupped my breasts and toyed with them for
awhile.  She then slid them behind me and teased her nails across my glowing
backside.  She made me tense as one of her fingers made the journey between my
ass cheeks and traced the bottom of my valley.  She stopped her one hand there,
and I felt her other hand come to rest on my mons.  She circled her finger
around the entrance to my love tunnel, but she wouldn't touch it.  She began to
make hard, precise strokes which caused my clit to stir.  I suddenly got what I
wanted when she slid one finger up inside of me and gave my G-spot a few good
presses.  This made me gasp both with excitement, as well as from shock from the
sudden intrusion.  I couldn't believe that I was getting felt up by my roommate
and friend of 4 years!  Pulling her wet finger back out, she used its
lubrication to gently stroke my love button.  I moaned heavily into my gag as
she moved her finger expertly around it and over it.  She got her other hand in
on the action too as she played with my pussy lips from behind.  She would
spread them, and push them apart, which of course added to the stimulation I was
getting from her other hand.  I started to feel weak in the legs and I struggled
to keep my balance as she continued her relentless petting.  I could feel the
climax starting to rise within me, and I began to try and hump her hand by
thrusting my hips in and out.  She must have noticed this  because she started
to speed up her friction as well.  Then it happened...  just as I was about to
go over the edge, that bitch stopped!!!!!   "NOOOOOOOO!" I screamed into my gag. 
I kept thrusting to try and make the one or two strokes more that I needed, but
alas, I found myself humping the air.  Her hand was nowhere to be found!  This
was unbearable.  I was so horny and so fucking wet that I wanted to cry from
frustration.  I actually think I might have squeezed out a tear or two, but with
the blindfold on I couldn't be sure. 

    "Awwwww, it looks like you are high and dry yet again, my little slut.  It
was a nice attempt though.  I bet you are all nice and frustrated now too,
aren't you?"  I nodded my head furiously.  "I bet you want nothing more than for
me to do something to ease you desire to cum, don't you?"  Once again, I nodded
my head in eager agreement, which of course, yanked my nipples.  She leaned in
close to me, pressing her body against mine.  I could smell her perfume and feel
the heat of her body as she leaned close to my ear and whispered into it.  "I
think that can be arranged..."  With that, I felt another sharp *SMACK* across
my backside with the riding crop.  Yet again I made the mistake of jerking my
head up. Kirsten made a fast and fierce attack on my backside, landing blow
after blow in very short intervals.  My body was as stiff as a board as I tensed
in my bonds.  I didn't even have time to lower my head between blows, and
throughout the ordeal, my head was jerking my nipples all over the place. 
"MMMMMMMMPHPHPH!!!!!" I screamed, but it only came out as a soft, muffled moan. 
After about twenty fast strokes I collapsed into my bonds, absolutely exhausted. 
Kirsten leaned back into my ear and whispered "Not thinking about that orgasm
anymore, are you?"  She giggled playfully and I heard her walk away for a
minute, leaving me sagging and breathing heavily in my bonds.

	She took off my blindfold and allowed me to have another drink of wine. 
Once finished, she decided to switch back over to the ring gag and reattached it
securely to my head, burying the ring deep into my mouth.  Then she untied the
end of the rope to allow me to lower my arms.  She didn't retie me right away. 
She let me move my arms and shake all of the stiffness out of them before
continuing.  She had even let me take a couple of drags off of her cigarette
before putting the gag back into my mouth.  For a minute, I actually thought she
was going to go a little easier on me now.  Much to my disappointment (and
enjoyment :-), I quickly found out that she still had more in store for me. 

	Unlocking my hands once again (and again, no resistance!), she pulled them
behind me and put the lock back on.  She took the same end of the rope that was
draped over the pipe that held my hands before and reattached it in the same
way, but this time my hands were behind my back.  She removed the nipple clamps,
and I winced in my bonds at the rush of circulation back into my now tenderized
nipples.  She aided this process by rubbing and pinching the feeling back into
them as well.  Once satisfied, Kirsten once again grabbed the other end of the
rope and proceeded to pull my arms up.  She went slowly, inching my arms up a
little bit at a time, which in turn, forced my body to bend over.  I glanced
sideways and saw a huge grin on her face as she was obviously pleased with the
position my body was being forced into.  Kirsten stopped and then tied off the
rope.  "Well, this is interesting", I thought.  My legs were still spread about
4-feet apart, and now I was bent over so that my head was down by my knees and
my ass was sticking straight and invitingly up in the air.  I found that any
attempt to stand up brought a slight pain to my shoulders, and any attenpt to
kneel or sink down caused even more pain.  "I guess I am supposed to stay in
this position", I thought. 

	Even though I was not as spread out in this position as in the previous one,
I felt like I was even more exposed.  My ass was sticking up and out on display,
and I knew that my newly shaven pussy was wide open for Kirsten's inspection.  I
shuddered in anticipation as to what Kirsten had in mind in order to require me
to be in such a vulnerable and "accessable" state. 

	"Boy, I bet you were wishing I was a man at this point".  As she said this,
she pressed her pelvic area seductively up against my backside and made
thrusting motions with her body as if she was a man taking me from behind. 
"Don't worry slave.  I'll make things nice and interesting for you."  I couldn't
see her face, but I could tell that she was thinking of something mischivious.

	She rubbed her hands across my backside and traced the contours of my ass
with her finger.  Her other hand dipped even lower and started playing with my
pussy.  My God! her fingers felt so good!  She teased me and toyed with me as I
stood there in my bent-over position.  I rocked in my bonds to the best of my
ability in response to her touches.  She must have known that I was really
getting into this because every once in awhile, she would insert a finger  and
would compliment on how wet it was when she took it out.  Kneeling down any
meeting my gaze from between my legs, she gave me that same wicked smile she had
given me before.  "Are you ready for some REAL fun, slut?"

	She began to start rummaging through our combined inventory of goodies.  She
was off to the side of me and my hanging hair prevented me from seeing what she
was up to.  After what seemed like ages, I saw her start to set objects down on
the floor one by one.  First came the camera, shortly followed by one of my
vibrators.  Then came the pair of nipple clamps with the bigger ends and the
wider jaws.  (You can imagine the look on my face when I saw those!).  Kirsten
then walked across the room to my closet once again and starting sorting through
the mess she had made.  "Ah-Ha!  I thought I remembered seeing these in there
somewhere!"  She returned with the two, white strips of fabric that I had used
for most of my prior, "beginner bondage" scenarios.  One I used as my blindfold. 
It was maybe 7 inches wide and close to three feet in length.  The other one was
smaller.  Maybe three inches wide and also close to about the same length as the
first.  I usually used this one as my gag, but have been known to use it for
tying from time to time.  Both of these strips used to be part of an old,
flannel nightgown that I had decided to "salvage"  before throwing away.  Taking
the wider, first strip, Kirsten wrapped it around my torso as I had done with
the rope earlier.  She pulled it tight and knotted it off around the small of my
back.  Setting the other one aside, she continued to her previous work at hand. 
Picking up the camera, she moved behind me and focused it on my esposed behind. 
"Don't you think its cute the way girl's pussies look when they are bent over
like this?  It just looks so damn inviting, no wonder men are obsessed about
doing it  "doggystyle", hee hee.  You've probably never seen one like that, you
being 100% "straight" and all, so I think I'll take a picture so you know what I
am talking about."  With that said, Kirsten took a whole bunch of pictures of me
and my exposed backside.  	

	Kirsten set down the camera and went into the bathroom.  I heard her open my
little cabinet above the sink where I kept all of my makeup and such.  Returning
to the room, she knelt down behind me again and held two bottles for me to see. 
"Does Strawberry scented sound all right with you?  It was either this or your
Cucumber-Melon lotion.  She held up the bottle containing my favorite
moisturizer that I had gotten at my bath and beauty shoppe.  Interested to see
what she would do with it, I nodded to tell her that it was acceptable. 
"Excellent!  I decided to give you a choice so you didn't think I was COMPLETELY
merciless."  I saw between my legs and she picked up my brand-new, hot pink
vibrator.  It actually had a pretty cool effect with the two blacklights in our
room turned on.  The flourescent, jelly coating on it seemed to make it glow all
by itself. 

	She brought the toy up between my legs and ran it along my lips.  I closed
my eyes and let my mind begin to wander.  She turned it on LOW and held it
firmly against my clit, letting the vibrations surge through my lonely little
nub.  I could feel my mouth, as well as other areas, begin to salivate at the
perversity and eroticism of this whole situation.  I found that with the
ring-gag in my mouth I could not stop myself from drooling on the carpet. 
Kirsten took the head of the phallus-shaped toy and pressed against the opening
to my longing and inviting hole.  I tried to back up to get it inside of me, but
for every inch I managed to get, she pulled it an inch further away from me. 
"You want this inside of you, don't you." she coaxed.  "Uh-huh", I managed to
say through my gag.  "You want this DEEP inside of you, don't you?" she
continued.  Desperately eager to get release, I once again answered.  "Uh-huh!" 

	"You want me to fuck you with this pink dick don't you, slut?"

	I was breathing with so much anticipation, I couldn't even speak words
anymore.  I shook my head in affirmation.  "You want me to keep it inside of you
for a long time, don't you bitch?"  Once again, I nodded.  "You have done good
so far, so I will give you exactly what you want, slave."

	Grabbing the moisturizer, she squeezed out a liberal amount onto her
fingers.  She gently massaged the cool, slick substance all over my pussy,
making sure to rub it into every crevice and surrounding skin.  She used slow,
smooth strokes; making sure to even give my clit a good deal of attention.  I
moaned approval into my gag as she continued to try and get me off.  She stopped
short of orgasm once more. 

	"If you want this inside of you so badly, then that is exactly what you
shall have."  Picking up the moisturizer, she applied even more on her hand this
time as she did before.  I flinched as she grabbed my ass cheeks with her other
hand and spread them apart.  Kirsten then took her other hand that had the
moisturizer and rubbed it into my nether-region.  Her slickened hand had
absolutely no trouble navigating its way around my ass given my current
position.  The way my legs were spread made my cheeks seperate automatically, so
even my best attempt to clench them shut still left easy access to my back door. 
I gasped as she intruded one of her greased fingers into my ass, burying it in
as far as it would go until her knuckle was bumping aginst my anus.  Her strokes
started slowly as she began to slide her finger in and out.  I was very confused
at what I was feeling right now.  I had once thought about what it would be like
to have anal sex with a guy, but I never for a minute had ever expected to go
through with it.  I found my feelings about it now to be those of embarrasment. 
For Kirsten to invade such a "private" area of my body while I couldn't do
anything to stop her really highlighted her domination over me.  This, of
course, made me excited.  But I have never done anythng like this before, so I
was panicking in my bonds as well. 

	Kirsten paused, and then I could feel her add another finger to the
equation.  She moved even slower this time, giving my muscles adequate time to
relax and adjust to this unknown practice.  She buried the first two fingers of
her right hand in and held them there.  WIth her left hand, she reached
underneath and inserted two fingers inside of my other exposed tunnel.  She
wiggled her fingers around, which in turn caused me to wiggle as well.  "Are you
having fun down there?"  I gave her a moan for an answer which I think she
interpreted as a indicator to stop.  Then I was proven wrong as she once again
picked up the hot-pink toy.  She expelled a trail of lube down the length of its
7" inch shaft.  She gave the toy a mocking hand job and brought it up to the
entrance to my puckered sphincter.  "Oh my God!  She wouldn't dare!!!!!"

	She did....

	Kirsten drove the length of the shaft roughly into my helpless ass, nearly
burying it up to the knob.  I lunged forward and shifted all of the weight onto
my arms.  I cried out in pain both from the intrusion, as well as from the jerk
of my shoulder blades as Kirsten continued to apply pressure to keep it deep in
my rectum.  My ass seemed like it was on fire it hurt so bad.  My muscles
instinctively contracted around the rubber cock in an attempt to prevent any
further advances.  The lubrication made this task quite impossible though.  The
vibrator's 1 3/4" diameter stretched my asshole farther then ever before.  While
holding this new menace in place, she reached down and picked up the other
small, white strip of fabric. 

	"Hold that cock in place and enjoy every second of it you little slut.  If
that thing hits the floor I will thoroughly beat you ass red, and then I will
put it back in even rougher than before."

	I continue to clench on to the vibe despite my desire to expel it.  Reaching
up underneath me, she tied off one end of the white strip to the front of my
torso rope.  She pulled it tight and then fed it back between my legs.  With her
other hand, she spread my pussy lips apart and i made sure that the strip made
its way deeply between them.  She continued to pull upwards and fed it between
my back and the torso rope.  With a strong tug, she cinched it up tightly and
tied it off, burying the phallus deep inside of me and holding it there tightly.
Picking up the other, large nipple clamps, I saw Kisten kneel down between my
spread legs.  Grabbing one of my labia, she clamped the merciless jaws onto my
left lip, shortly followed by the right one.  They didn't hurt right away, but
Kirsten began to tighten them down which caused me to moan my disapproaval
through my gag and twitch my body in slight pain. 

	"There, that should take your mind off of you ass for a little while.  But,
I don't want you to forget about it  completely, now."  Kirsten reached up and
managed to turn the knob through the fabric to HIGH.  I felt the vibe jump to
life as it began to do its work deep inside of me.  My legs felt like jelly as
my tan, taught thighs began to quiver and shake in response to this new feeling. 

	"There, you should be all set for a little while.  I'm going to go grab a
shower and relax for a bit.  I was in such a rush when I got out of here to go
do all of my shopping that I didn't have time to get one earlier.  Enjoy
yourself while I'm gone!" 

	I heard the door to the bathroom shut and then all was quiet.  My mind was
in such a flurry at this point. 

	Kirsten had done so well in her teasing me that even now in her absense, I
still felt like I was on the peak of an orgasm.  The vibrator, I thought, was a
very interesting touch.  I could feel the vibrations in my pussy which kept me
in this state of arousal, but the vibrations were not direct enough to give me
the climax I so desperately needed.  Pehaps the greatest stimulation I got was
more of a mental thing than a physical.  I felt like a total slut.  Kirsten was
using and abusing me, humiliating me, making me do things against my will as I
was bound and exposed to her every whim.  I couldn't escape despite my best
efforts and I couldn't say "No" to anything and have it be taken in
consideration.  The mere thought of all of this was making the white material
buried between my lips become soaked.  This was truly an incredible experience.

	After about a half-hour, the bathroom door opened and out emerged a
refreshed and energetic Kirsten.

	"And how is my little slave doing?  I hope you managed to keep yourself
entertained in my absence?"  She walked back towards me to examine my situation. 
She had dressed herself in her same "dominitrix" outfit consisting of a short,
viny mini-skirt and matching vinyl tube-top.  She had reapplied her dark eye
makeup, but had left the shoes out of the equation this time.  Her long, blonde
hair was worn back in a ponytail, and her long, strong legs seemed to go on
forever before disappearing under the mini-skirt.  I looked up and matched her
gaze.  Her bright green eyes glistened with mischief and confidence, and I
thought I even detected a bit of lust to her expression. 

	She poured herself another glass of wine and tossed the empty bottle into
the trash.  Checking my bonds to make sure that I was still helpless, she gave a
quick tug here and there to demonstrate her authority over me.  She even grabbed
at the dildo in my ass and gave it a few sideways jerks to get me to jump around
a bit.  What she did next suprised me the most.  Kirsten laid herself down on
the ground between my legs so that her pelvic area was beneath my face and she
was looking straight up at my clamped mound.   She had pulled one of my pillows
down from my bed and had her head propped up in a rather relaxing position.  She
continued to sip her wine and observe my situation.  Occasionally, she would
reach up and pull down on the clamps which held my pussy prisoner in their
grasp.  This hurt... ALOT!  I think she enjoyed watching me try to squirm, so
she continued to do it over and over, laughing at each gasp of pain that escaped
my gagged mouth. 

	After keeping herself amused in this way which seemed to go on forever,
Kirsten, with one final tug on the clamps sat up and began her next phase. 

	First, she released the rope that kept my hands held high above my back and
allowed me to stand up; an act which had to be done extra slowly as to allow the
stiffness in my shoulders to work it's way out.  She also removed the clamps
from my pussy lips and undid the ring gag which kept my mouth forced open in its
lewd position for so long. 

	"Now listen up, slut.  I'm going to give you some mobile freedom here for
about 10 minutes or so before we begin the final phase of your lesson.  Of
course, your hands will still be locked together, but I'll be nice and put them
in front of you.  I mean, I can't run the risk of you trying to rebel against me
here when I'm so close to being done, can I?  You are also not allowed to speak
whatsoever.  The only reason I'm not gagging you is because I'm sure that you
would enjoy a cigarette before we move on.  Your break will begin when I give
the word." 

	Kirsten re-locked my hands in front of me as promised, and she also removed
the large, pink vibrator from my ass and undid the white strips of fabric. 
Kirsten looked up at the clock on our wall.  "Okay, your break starts......
NOW." 

	The first thing I did was to go use the restroom.  Without the hassle of
clothes, this took all but a minute total.  I also got a small drink of water
from the sink to whetten my whistle a bit.  Returning to candlelit room, Kirsten
had tidied it up completely with the exception of a small pile of her equipment
which I assumed was for the final phase of her little lesson plan.  Having 8
minutes remaining of my break, I sat down to smoke a couple of cigarettes to
ease my nerves and relax me a bit.  Every once in awhile I would look over at
her.  She sat in our leather chair that we kept in the corner and looked
extremely smug and relaxed.  She knew I was looking at her, as I intended for it
to be obvious.  She just matched my gaze, and then would look up at the clock as
if pretending to be impatient.  I watched the clock as well; the seconds
dragging by tick by tick.  This was both good as well as bad.  I was nervous
about what Kirsten had in store for me, so I was very hesitant.  However, I was
anxious to see what she had in store for me, so I was also getting impatient.  I
just decided to make it look like I wanted for my break to last so as not to
give Kirsten the satisfaction of knowing that I was enjoying her little game
immensely. 

	"Time's up!"

	The timing was perfect, as I had just taken the last drag off of my second
cigarette and put it out. 

	"It is time to begin"

	Kirsten walked over to me literally yanked me up out of my chair by my bound
hands.  She quickly took the lock off that kept them together and roughly pulled
each arm behind my back where she quickly put the lock back on.  Picking up a
length of rope, she quickly bound my elbows together to the point where they
were almost touching.  This made my tits stick straight out, and as sore and
sensitive as they were from her earlier attacks, I silently prayed that she had
no intentions towards them. 

	Taking even more of the soft, black rope, she bound my ankles together
thoroughly and cinched the whole thing up ultra-snug.  I couldn't figure out why
she didn't just lock the cuffs together like she did my wrists, but I guess it
wasn't important.  It did the job just as well I suppose.

	"Kneel bitch."  Grabbing my shoulders, Kirsten forced me onto my knees,
almost making me fall over tied the way I was.  Taking a final length of rope,
she tied wrists to my ankles; making sure that I had to choice but to stay on my
knees. 

	"Beautiful!", she exclaimed.  You are now ready for your final lesson.

	Standing in front of me, Kirsten gripped her tube top with both hands and
lifted it, with some effort, over her head and let her breasts fall free from
their constraint.  Reaching down and behind with her right hand, she lowered the
zipper on the back of her skirt.  With a few short shakes of her hips, the skirt
was down around her ankles and she stepped out of it and casually kicked it
away. 

	The first thing that caught my eye was that Kirsten was completely shaved
just as I was, although, I think she had done a much better job than I.  There
was no trace that any hair had ever grown below her waist whatsoever.  I would
have to ask her later how she accomplished this....

	My attention quickly left Kirsten's shave job as I noticed something even
more suprising.  There was a gold ring with a silver ball gripped in it hanging
seductively from the hood of her clit.  It shimmered in the candlelight; almost
as if it were emitting a glow all it's own.  It was the perfect compliment to
Kirsten's semi-brazen, flawless form. 

	She kneeled down in front of me, and with one hand, reached behind my head
and gently grabbed my ponytail.  Holding my head firm as so I could not look
away, her deep, light green eyes gazed straight through me, almost as if she was
reading my mind or probing into my deepest feelings.  My body began to tremble
and shake.  It was subtle at first, but as she inched herself closer and closer,
and continued to gaze, unblinkinly, right into my eyes, the tremors became more
and more intense.  All of my pent up frustration, my humiliation, my
embarrasment, my exhaustion; all of it was now starting to work it's way to the
surface.  I was beginning to lose control over my body as I became more and more
swept up in this euphoria of emotions and sexuality.  With one final movement
forward, our bodies were pressed together.  I could feel her hard nipples as her
chest pressed against mine.  She reached behind me with her other hand and
pulled me even closer to her.  I could smell her perfume, as the sweet
fragarance ebbed into my nostrils and flooded my senses.  I could not believe
the feelings going on within me.  My lust and sexual frustration were so great,
I felt I would die right there bound as I was if she did not take me soon.  A
tear welled up in my left eye, and with a blink, it began to roll down my cheek. 
Kirsten leaned in and licked it away with her tongue.  With a small shift of her
mouth sideways, our lips embraced passionately.

	It started out tenderly enough, but within moments, Kirsten was probing the
back of my mouth with her tongue.  For a reason I can't explain, my senses were
on high alert.  Her breath smelled of honeyblossoms and strawberries.  Her hair
like an early spring breeze.  I could smell the musk of my own excitement
mingled with hers as our bodies were embraced as one.  My mind began to swell
with all of the things I wanted to do to her if my hands were free.  Needless to
say, these ideas were a shock to me more than anybody.  

	Kirsten leaned in towards my ear and whispered in the sexiest tone I had
ever heard: "Now my little slave... it is time for your final test.  Do well and
you will be rewarded well..."

	With that said, she slowly leaned backwards until she was flat on her back. 
Still keeping her grip on my hair, she pulled me along with her.  My kneeling
pose was now reduced to a very strict hogtie as Kirsten lowered my onto my
stomach; my face strategically place between her legs.  I looked up at her face,
received a small nod and a smile, and realized what she wanted me to do. 

	Instinctively, I buried my face into her pussy.  My tongue tingled as her
juiced literally flowed into my mouth.  The taste was suprisingly awesome. I had
absolutely no idea what I was doing at the time, given that this was my first
real sexual experience with a girl.  I had only my past experiences with my
boyfriends to know what felt good and what did not down there.  Kirsten helped
me out a little as well; moaning when I did something right and tightening her
grip on hair with her right hand when I did something wrong.  Things probably
would have been much easier if I had the usage of my hands, but I could tell
that that would not be happening.  I trailed my tongue around her swollen lips,
every once in awhile darting it in and out as deeply as I could.  Occasionally,
I would take her clit ring gently in my lips and give it a few light tugs.  I
found that this did wonders for getting her magic little button to come out for
attention. When this happened, I dropped the ring and took her clit into my
mouth.  I gently sucked on it until it barely passed my lips, and then I flicked
it lightly with my tongue.  This drove Kirsten crazy, as she began to moan like
a porn star and writhe around on the floor like a slut. 

	With her thighs clenching my head tightly, I could feel the shivers in her
body as I continued to work.  When I felt her grip on the back of my head begin
to tighten harshly, I knew that she was getting ready to cum.  She arched her
hips upwards to bury my face further into her mound, and with one final moan,
she exploded into sexual bliss.  I was worried that somebody might have heard us
she was so loud, but then I remembered that the dorm was empty except for the
two of us (I hoped!).  This brought me crashing back to reality temporarily.

	In the moments shortly after, she loosened her grip on my hair and her
breathing began to return to normal. 

	"Mmmmmm...  that was wonderful, Jackie.  Are you sure you have never done
this before?"

	Embarassed at the realization of what I had just done, I managed a quick
shake of my head from between her legs. 

	"Well, needless to say, you could pass for a pro anyday.  And the really
cool part is, if you are this good now, wait until you get more practice!"

	I looked up and gave her a quizzical look at her last comment.  She rolled
me over onto my side and slid down so that our heads were at the same level. 

	"Awwwww, c'mon now.  That wasn't so bad, was it?" 

	I seriously thought about it for a second.  It wasn't as bad as I had
thought it would be.  In fact, I really enjoyed it alot.  I was just still a bit
embarrased by it all.  I mean, alot had happened that day.  It had been a whole
day of firsts for me, and I was still taking it all in.

	"I mean, you got some pleasure from it as well, didn't you?"  Kirsten slid
her hand down my stomach to my exposed sex.  Sliding two of her fingers inside
of me, I gasped at the sudden intrusion and closed my eyes to relish in the
wonderful sensations.
	
	"You got the pleasure of finally experiencing what you have always wanted to
experience... being completely under someone else's control.  To be made to do
the most outrageous of things, and to have the most outrageous of things done to
you.  No safe words, no limits, no boundaries; a complete scenario entirely out
of your control.  Isn't that what you always wanted?"

	Kirsten sped up her finger movements, assaulting my G-spot with a
bombardment of pleasure.  I began to wiggle and writhe under her manipulation. 

	"Yes it is"

	""Yes?"  Yes what?"

	"Yes Mistress... this is what I've always wanted" I managed to utter weakly.

	I spread my legs apart as much as my ankle-bindings would allow to give her
more freedom.

	Taking this as an invitation, Kirsten lowered herself below my waist and
began to do her own tonguework on my little bud.  Now THIS was a girl who knew
what she was doing.  With two fingers still buried inside, she used her other
hand to expose my naked clit and embrace it with her mouth.  Getting double the
stimulation, and considering the amount of teasing I had endured throughout the
evening, it was only a matter of seconds before I found myself on the threshold
of what was about to be the most powerful orgasm in my life.  I began to moan
and moan as Kirsten worked harder and harder.  As if she knew that one further
touch would send me into extasy, she withdrew her hand and ceased all
stimulation once again.

	"NO!  YOU PROMISED!"

	"What do you mean?  I'm not breaking any promises."

	"You said that you would reward me if I, ummm, you know."

	"Oh, you mean if you did a well enough job tongue-fucking me?" She replied
smugly.

	"YES!"  I was absolutely livid at this point.

	"Well, you did do a pretty good job.  But I wouldn't consider it a good
enough job to deserve an orgasm for.  Like I said, you'll get better with
practice. 

	"C'mon Kirsten.  This isn't fair.  Finish what you started!  PLEASE!

	Grabbing my nipple and twisting harshly, Kirsten gave me an absolutely
sinister, yet playful look.

	"You have forgotten yourself slave.  You will refer to me as "Mistress" at
all times when you are under my control.  Perhaps you need one final lesson....

	Keeping her grip on my nipple, she made me wiggle and struggle my way under
the pipe in the middle of the room. 

	"Ok Kirs.. uh Mistress.  Forget about the orgasm.  I'm sorry.  You don't
have to do anything."

	"Oh, but I do slave.  I have to do this, or else you will never learn."

	Kirsten bent down and picked up the ball gag and shoved it into my mouth. 

	Marching her naked body over to the bag she had brought, she fished around
until she found what she was looking for.  "Ah-Ha!"  I was hoping I didn't leave
it in my car.  She brought out a "Home Depot" bag that she dropped on the ground
with a curioiusly loud "CLINK"  Picking up the bag and dumping it upside down,
out spilled about 13 or 14 feet of shiny, gold-colored chain.  The links were
about 1 inch long and about a 1/2 inch thick.

	"You wouldn't believe how much this stuff costs.  I hope it is long enough
to accomplish what I want, or else I wouldn't want to be YOU when I get in a bad
mood."

	Picking up the chain, she climbed up on top of my lofted bed as she had done
before with the rope.  She draped one end of the chain over the pipe and,
producing a lock, locked the one end of the chain to the length on the other
side of the pipe hanging towards the ground.  With the chain securely locked to
itself, she climbed back down the ladder to continue with me.

	She pulled the dangling chain along the pipe so that it was right above me
in the middle of the room.

	"Hmmmm, I don't know about this.  If this works it won't be by much." 
Propping me up onto my knees once again, I sat there in silence and curiosity as
she then went into the bathroom. 

	I looked up at the golden chain dangling a few feet above my head; silently
hoping that it was long enough so as to keep myself safe from Kirsten's wrath. 
That girl did have a nasty temper, and if there was one thing in the world she
hated it was losing money.

	Kirsten returned carrying one of our towel bars.  It was the same type of
bar as the one she used from the closet, except this one was only about 2 1/2
feet in length.  She moved behind me and I could feel her undoing all of the
rope from my ankles.  Taking the rope to my desk, she opened the drawer and
withdrew my scissors and proceeded to cut a 3 foot length of the rope. 
Threading the rope through the towel bar, there was about 6 inches dangling out
of each end.  Forcing my ankles apart, she tied the rope to each of the rings on
my locked ankle cuffs.  Now, no matter how hard I tried, my ankles and legs were
forced apart. 

	I couldn't believe that she could be this cruel. 

	Unlocking my wrists from behind my back, she once again brought them in
front of me and locked the rings on them together.  I seriously contemplated
fighting her this time.  After all, I was becoming desperate to get off here.  I
was half tempted to try and rape her right then and there, but seeing as how
that towel bar kept my legs bound, I didn't have a chance.  Going over to the
"Home Depot" bag, she next produced something that made me wonder.  It was a
combination lock with a pink dial on it.  It looked like one of those Master
locks that kids put on their lockers in high school.  Nothing really special
about it.  Kirsten took it out of the package and looked at the back of it to
get the combo.  Once she had the lock opened, she peeled the sticker off of the
back and put it on a notecard that she took out of my top desk drawer.  I also
saw her write a few things on the card, but I couldn't make out what it was from
where I was kneeling.  Walking over to me, she gripped my hands and pulled them
over my head towards the awaiting chain.  At first my hands didn't reach, but
Kirsten pulled my up so that I was stretched taught and the cuffs were able to
reach the last couple of links.  Taking the combination lock, Kirsten threaded
it through the bottom link on the chain, and then once again through the rings
on my cuffs.  With a final *CLICK*, I found myself kneeling with my hands bound
high above my head.  Kirsten removed the other lock keeping my wrists together
so that the pink combination lock was the only lock keeping my hands secured.

	Kirsten kneeled down so that she was once again facing me.

	"Well sexy.  I have to be getting home now.  I wasn't as smart as you by
telling my parents that I wouldn't be home until late tomorrow, so they are
expecting me to be home by breakfast in the morning.  Besides, its really late,
and I'm tired from dominating your cute little ass.  But I hope you have fun
hanging here.  After all, I do feel bad that I interrupted your little
self-bondage session earlier, so I thought it only fair to let you finish it
out... with a few changes of course.  Ha! Ha! Ha!"

	Kirsten pulled out a casual change of clothes consisting of blue jeans and a
sweater from her bag and started to get dressed.  I began to panic terribly. 
With my own scenario I knew that I would be able to get my keys eventually.  But
a combination lock was keeping me in this position, and Kirsten was the only one
that had the combination... AND SHE WAS LEAVING!!!!!

	I tried to thrash around in my bonds and plead with her to keep her from
leaving, but she only looked at me with that gaze of hers, smiling that smile in
a taunting manner. 

	She packed up her clothes and cleaned up the room.  She went around and
turned off all of the blacklights, emptied the ashtrays, and blew out all of the
candles except for one which she placed right in front of me.  She was even nice
enough to put my closet back in the order in which she found it... that bitch.

	When all was set, she kneeled down and put her arm around me in a motherly
fashion.

	"Don't worry, sexy.  I'll be back in a few days.  I'll tell my parents that
I need to come down here to meet with my academic advisor or something.  It will
be okay.  Oh, and I'll tell your parents that you needed to stay an extra day or
two to work on your scheduling for fall classes and stuff.  It will be OK, you
have cool parents."

	"A FEW DAYS?!?!?!  She couldn't leave me here for a few days!!!  What if I
have circulation trouble?  What if the cleaning crew comes in to clean the
bathrooms while the students are supposed to be on break?   Or even worse...
what if I need to USE the bathroom!?!?"  I felt utterly defeated.  I could feel
my cheeks get all warm as if I were about to cry. 

	"But don't worry my little slave.  I've thought about it while I've been
getting ready to go, and I've decided to give you something to help ease your
mind and keep you focused."

	Standing up, Kirsten walked behind me and I heard her rummaging through her
pile of goodies.  Returning to me, she threw down the two pink vibrators, the
two white strips of fabric, the bottle of Cucumber-Melon moisturizer, and the
riding crop. 
	Kirsten took the thinner strip of white fabric and wrapped it snugly around
my torso and knotted it off in the back.  Giving me a sly look, she picked up
the moisturizer and expelled a generous amount into her hand.  Reaching behind
me, she slid her slickened hand between my ass cheeks and worked the lubricant
into my puckered hole.  It wasn't as painful as it was the first time she did
this, but I could definitely tell that having objects inserted into my ass would
take alot of getting used to.  Picking up one of the jelly-coated vibrators, she
squirted a trail of the moisturizer up and down the lenght a few times, and then
gave it another mock-hand job to spread it around. 

	"Get ready, slave.  Here it comes."

	I tried to squeeze my ass cheeks together and close my legs, but the
combination of the towel bar and the moisturizer in my nether regions would not
keep the vibe from it's mission as it found it's way deep into my ass for the
second time in a matter of hours.  I gasped and yelled from under my gag at the
violation of my poor ass, and Kirsten made sure to keep her hand on it to keep
it in place until I could adjust to the vibrator's 1 1/2 inch circumferance. 

	Clench those cheeks together, slut.  I'm going to take my hand away for a
minute, and that thing had better not hit the floor."

	I nodded in submissive complaince

	Picking up the other, wider white strip of flannel material, she knotted it
off on the torso strip by the small of my back with the other knot and let it
hang for a moment.  She picked up the moisturizer once again and lubed up the
other vibrator in the same manner that she did the first one.  Spreading my
pussy lips apart, she slowly guided the massive dong deep inside of me until I
could feel it reach it's physical barrier.  She rammed it up and down a few
times to get my attention.  The real irony is that I was still so aroused that
moisturizer probably wasn't even necessary. 

	Kneeling in front of me, she reached between my legs and pulled the white
strip upwards; burying the twin cocks deep inside of me.  She looped it over the
torso rope in front and, making sure it was threaded  properly and would serve
its intended purpose, she yanked it even tighter and knotted it off. 

	"There you go.  You should be all set now.  Oh, but before I leave, I just
want to give you one last reminder of our evening together."

	Kirsten picked up the riding crop and moved behind me.  With intense
ferocity, Kirsten layed down an assault of strategically placed blows on my
backside.  Unlike my prior spankings, there was no teasing or pauses between
blows.  Just *SMACK* after *SMACK* of leather against skin.  She sometimes
alternated cheeks, sometimes not.  She even brought the crop up and used them on
my tits occasioanlly. 

	I lost count around 30 or so, and that couldn't be any more than half of
what she ended up giving me.  I screamed so loud that Kirsten had to cover my
ball-gagged mouth with her hand to reduce the noise.  If there was anybody by
chance still on this floor or walking in the hallway, then they definitely heard
me.  By the time she was done, beads of sweat had accumulated all over my body
and I was breathing extra-heavily.  My entire body was limp and my thighs were
shaking as I dangled, exhasted, from the end of the gold-colored chain. 

	Kirsten wiped the drool that started to work its way out from around the
gag.  My ass was glowing a bright red I was sure.  If she had hit me any harder
than she did, there no doubt would have had some bruises or serious welts most
likely. 

	Kirsten let me recover as she packed up the rest of her things and put on
her coat.  She took one last Polaroid and tossed the still-developing picture in
front of me. 

	Kneeling down to my level, she whispered into my

	"I'll see you in a few days, slave.  Don't you go anywhere..."

	With that said, she reached down between my legs and somehow manipulated the
control knob through the fabric to the vibe in my pussy and cranked it up to
it's highest setting.  My body sprang to life in an instant.  Kirsten followed
suit with the vibrator in my ass and finished with a playful pat on my bottom. 

	"There you go.  I hope you enjoy my generosity.  I'm giving the slut just
what she wants."

	She tossed all of the keys that she had on the chair, blew out the final
candle and headed for the door. 

	I didn't even see her go.  I just kept my eyes closed and allowed the
sensations of the vibrator's to overcome me. 

	... Within moments I achieved the greatest orgasm that I had ever hoped to
have in my entire life.

	There was bucking and moaning, intense shaking and shivering, and I'm not
sure because of the darkness, but I could have sworn that I blacked out at the
end of it.  The fabric was no longer absorbing all of my love juices as I could
feel them begin to work their way down the inside of my thigh.  I was one huge
sweaty, lusty mess. 

	After several more, each one becoming less and less powerful, I began to
come back to reality.

	There I was.  Naked except for four locked cuffs and collar, two large
vibrators buried deep inside of me, kneeling, my ass sticking out and my body
stretched taught to a chain above me.  I was sweaty, my sex was literally
dripping, my ass was beaten bright red, I had just been sexually used and abused
by my bisexual roommate/friend from high school, and I would have to stay in
this position for a few days until I was released.  I can't remember if I
started crying because of any one of those particular things, or if it was a
combination of all of them.  I actually ended up crying myself to sleep that
night.  I never imagined that I would be able to sleep in that position, but
somehow it happened.  I must have been more exhausted then I thought.  After
all, it was a pretty busy day. 

	I awoke to the first rays of ultra-bright, orange sunlight peeking over the
treeline across the quad and into one of the windows in the room.  The light hit
me square in the face, and it took me awhile to wink away my sleepy eyes and
begin to see clearly.  I thought of how long I would have to stay like this, and
I could feel tears start to well up in my eyes again.  The batteries in the
vibes had died, and in a few more hours, I knew that they would start to become
uncomfortable.  My body was stiff and sore from staying in the same position all
night, and even worse, I began to feel the first tingles in my hands as I could
tell that they were starting to fall asleep on me.  My knees were holding up
pretty good due to the help of the ultra-plush carpeting, but I knew that that
would soon fade as well.  I silently prayed that any second Kirsten would walk
through that door and yell "SUPRISE!!!", but it never happened.  And that is
when I saw it...

	"Well I'll be... that little bitch!" I thought.  I actually started laughing
from behind my ball gag. 

	Lying there on the floor in front of me was a 3X5 notecard that Kirsten had
put the combination lock sticker on the night before.  It read:

35 RIGHT
12 LEFT
35 RIGHT

	Hello there cutie!  You didn't think that I would leave you like that, did
you?  I figured I would let you sweat for a little bit, and then when morning
came, you would figure everything out.  I'm getting reading to leave you right
now and it's already like 3a.m or something, so you only have to wait like 4
more hours or something like that.  Maybe 5, who knows.  I'm debating right now
wether to whip your ass before I leave, and I think I will, so I hope you take
it in good spirits.  LOL!  I just wanted you to know that I had a wonderful time
last night, and I hope that I didn't go too hard on you.  It was a night of
firsts for the both of us, so, if you're willing, who knows.  We may just have
to practice some more!  I hope you have a good morning, and I hope your ass is
feeling better by the time you wake!  *grin*  Give me a call as soon as you wake
up so I know that you escaped all right.  If I don't hear from you by 11a.m.,
I'll drive back and be there by noon to let you out.  Oh, and don't forget, my
parents want you over for meat loaf on Tuesday.  Toodles!


Love,

Your New Mistress

Kirsten

	After releasing my bonds, I picked up the Polaroid that Kirsten had taken
before she left and sat in the chair to have a cigarette.  I felt all warm and
fuzzy inside.  I never would have imagined that Kirsten would someday become my
Mistress.  And yet, after last night, I can't imagine anyone else that I would
rather have as one.  Realizing that all I was wearing was a smile, I decided to
pack up and head home.

	"I'm going to like college" I thought to myself...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Da'Rookie22


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





