BDSM Library - Win The Battle But...




Win The Battle But...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A futuristic tale using time travel to settle a score.
The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please do read only
if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content
and your community's standards permit such material.

Any reuse of the following is prohibited without the express permission of the
author.

Thank you.


Win The Battle But...
by Faibhar


"You humans have an expression that goes something like, Win The Battle, But
Lose The War..."

Fleet Commander Zaneka Carl ignored the metal clamps locking her forearms to the
Judgment Table as her hazel eyes coldly glared at the enemy. The leader of the
12th galaxy marauders calling themselves Awrx matched her icy glare with his
single mucous-filled eye. Sshrzt's grotesquely bruised form added to her
disgust. The long sleeves of her light green Federation uniform stretched across
the table. Underneath her arms felt the hold of the clamps. Her long fingers
balled into fists and muscles stiffened under the synthetic material.

"As you are well aware, Fleet Commander Carl," Sshrtz spoke in gurgles from a
slit above his single eye. "Time has long since past since wars were decided on
the battlefield. Now it is much more civilized. Only the leaders, in this case,
you and I decide the outcome."

Zaneka barely flinched. What Sshrtz called a voice sounded more like metal
grating metal. At least, he spoke English. Her belt held the unilator, it could
translate into English just about any spoken word in the universe, but it
sounded as though the handy unit would not be needed. Already she could
understand enough of what was being said.

Sshrtz's purple glob jiggled and he made what might pass on Earth as a chuckle.
"Except that, since Awrxians defeated your forces I am the victor and you, dear
commander, are the defeated. You shall be the one to decide the final outcome.
You might say that it is you whom have already lost the battle and soon are to
lose the war."

She shook away the raven curls from her eyes and spat, "I understand the rules,
Sshrtz. Get on with what you have to do."

Sshrtz chuckled again. "Oh she is so eager!" An Awrxian medic came close to the
table as Sshrtz continued to burble. The steel bands holding Zaneka's arms to
the table were tested and the crewman held a small tablet between ridges of his
black claw.

"Years, no centuries ago, your people discovered some mysteries of the human
brain. About the same time they experimented with trying to make a quantum
computer. Almost like cavemen, yes?"

Zaneka stole her eyes from Sshrtz and glanced at the little ivory pill with the
salmon-colored stripes.

Mirth warmed the Awrxian leader. Senses indicated his conquest's renewed
interest. "Attempts back then were made to interface machines with humans.
Scientists speculated over parallel universes."

"What's your point, Sshrtz ?"

"Dear commander, my point is simply," he said as one purple tentacle oozed over
hairless ridges atop the dome. " That we now know parallel universes are facts
of our lives. So, if you'll kindly swallow that little pill we can begin."

Zaneka paused, and then tilted her head back. The medic dropped the pill on her
tongue. She swallowed, closed her mouth and looked back across the Judgment
Table. All she felt was rage for Sshrtz. The hard surface beneath her arms froze
her resolve.

The rheumy eye appeared to focus on Zaneka, and then its owner ordered the other
Awrxian. "Remove her clothes."

Zaneka held her glare as she was stripped. "Funny, Sshrtz , I didn't think you
went in for that sort of thing." The metal flooring and chair chilled.

Another tentacle greased over the first. The slit above the eye twisted. Sshrtz
composed himself as the human female was unclothed. "Sex? Of course not. Nothing
so base for me. Though you do look what I suppose humans would find very
attractive." Black hair spiraled down over smooth skin. Two more eyes, human
aureolae part of the human's mammalia, now looked at him.

"And," he nodded his head. As he did, two walls of the Awrxian spacecraft
dissolved into electronic screens. Zaneka filled one of the screens as she sat
nude at the table. "An interesting aspect of all of this is that these windows,
one showing you as you are now, and one recording your time travels, will be
transmitted to your people. We want them to watch, too."

Zaneka could not help but look at herself filling the one wall. Reflexively, she
tried to hide her face with her hair, but the cut was two short. "You're a
monster!"

"Not at all, dear commander, and those travels through time I mentioned? That
pill you took so willingly moments ago is actually a tiny computer. It is headed
straight for the septal region of your brain-that's located deep in your frontal
lobes. Going for emotions and your neopallium, or smarty part of your brain. The
stimceiver located in the computer will allow us to electrically stimulate you.
Call it ESB."

Zaneka's freed breasts swayed as she fought the restraints. Angrily she said,
"What do you mean?"

Sshrtz chuckled more and looked at the wall-size video of the struggling human.
"When the nanoquantum computer reaches that septal region, ESB will allow us to
control your mind. You may feel alert, euphoric, intense pleasure, all sorts of
feelings. Or, we'll get to see how you do through one of your many travels
through human time. The other screen on the wall will show what happens and how
you feel. All, though, will seem very real to you. I am afraid you will be
tortured in your journeys through the different parts of history."

Zaneka sat back. The bands held too tight. Her stomach began to tingle. It felt
as though knots churned inside. She forgot about the screen with her image and
slightly opened her bare thighs. She felt herself lubricate.

"We will bring you back here physically unscathed. Be forewarned, however, each
trip will be worse for you than the last. Surrender after experiencing too much
and you will be right back here, but you will admit defeat Your surrender on the
Judgment Table means you lose the war.

Sshrtz nearly fell from the chair with more chuckling and said, "Plus, don't
forget, we will transmit everything your proud peoples pretty commander does."




The grating voice issued more directives. The metal chair Zaneka sat on was
removed. She half-stood, arms pinned down to the table. Awrxian troops wheeled
in a metal apparatus with large and small phallic probes.

They were not unpleasant. Zaneka sat tentativelyly, at first, and then down more
on the dildos. She felt a slight throb in each and both radiated enough heat to
match her own body's. Zaneka unconsciously gave each hip a slight wiggle as she
lowered on the metal inside her.

"Looks like all is set. Let us begin with the first trip."

Zaneka jerked up in fright. Clouds of steam billowed before her. Sshrtz
disappeared. The clouds changed to black. Loud screeches exploded, and then all
was silent.

Zaneka awoke with a start. Her mind cleared, but she did not know where she was
until it slowly dawned on her: She now had the same body she had ten years ago,
when she was just out of the Space Academy. Zaneka realized she was in the
gravity shower in her old quarters aboard the space station she was first
assigned to as chief exobiologist.

Blinking her eyes, she looked down. In one hand, she held a Personal Hygiene
Cloth, or PCH. Reconstituted water rained down from the nozzle. The PCH lifted
and soaped one firm breast. Warm water and suds refreshed after another tiring
day tending the ecology. Zaneka gingerly took the soapy sponge and washed under
the other breast, and that's when it happened.

Warning sirens blared. Lights flashed in the shower stall.. Red lights! They
could only mean that the ship's Closed Ecological Life Support, CELSS, had been
compromised.

Zaneka stared in alarm. The ship was losing all life supports. For some reason,
her wet head looked up to the nozzle. The water stopped. Still covered in suds,
Zaneka opened the stall door and reached for a towel. Just as she did, the space
ship lurched. The towel flew from her grasp.

Depressurization shattered the quarter's door. Zaneka detritus and bodies flying
past. Her lungs burned. She sank to her knees. Precious oxygen was being lost.
She tried to crawl toward her bed, where a communicator was, but she fell to her
hands and knees. She rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling. Zaneka's
heart pounded as her searing lungs collapsed. Her vision narrowed. Dots filled
the tunnel of sight. Arms limply slapped the carpet and lay outstretched from
her sides. Her lean thighs fell and legs lay flat.

The last thing Zaneka saw was the shadowed hallway lit only by flying disorder.




"There, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Sshrtz burbled at the human commander. Her
head was on the table. Behind him he knew would be the video mural of her time
travel, replaying for all to see.

Zaneka coughed, and then realized she was back in the Awrxian space ship with
Sshrtz. It had all seemed so real! She tried to recover, but her head felt
heavy. She slowly raised it up and sat back on the dildos. The wall panels
showed her in the room with Sshrtz and the space station. She shivered as its
screen brought back too many memories.

"Give the human a drink before we begin the next trip."

The same clouds of steam and screeching noises filled the room.

"Take us here, instead." It was a voice she did not recognize.

Zaneka looked in the rearview mirror of the ancient earth vehicle. This time,
she knew she was her actual 34 years of age. The voice came from one of three
fares seated in the rear of the cab. It took her a moment before she said, "But,
it's too late for anything to be at that ferry landing now."

"Take us anyway," the voice growled and pointed the muzzle of the revolver at
her. Zaneka paused, then put the car in gear and drove toward the shoreline of
the city.

"Here you are. Look guys, just let me go, okay?"

"No, not okay," said the one with the gun. The others opened their doors and
stepped out. "You out too, sister."

Zaneka looked through the windshield at the city lights. They were too far away.
All around the ferry landing was dark. She was isolated from help. Zaneka opened
her door, and stepped out. She saw know choice.

They all looked Hispanic and wore gang colors. The one with the gun was the
tallest. He motioned her towards the landing.

"Wait," she said.

The gunman's response was to pistol whip her. Zaneka took the blow on her right
temple.

Her wind returned. She hugged the floating platform as she lay on her stomach.
Gently, it rose and fell upon the waves.

"Strip, bitch".

Zaneka removed her jersey. The white demi-bra shone in contrast to the night's
sky and inky water splashing near her feet. She started her leg in a swing kick,
but was knocked back down by another head blow.

This time, Zaneka did not get up.

"Just be quiet and you'll do fine."

Zaneka softly cried as they yanked off her bra, pulled off her shoes and cut her
jeans apart. Clothes ripped. Hands pawed. Their cocks plunged and fired. She
tried to concentrate on the sound of the water lapping, or the pretty city
lights in the distance as she was abused and bit and fucked, but her tears would
not stop.

Finally, they left. She heard the cab start. It drove off, leaving her curled up
on the landing. Shivering and alone.

Sshrtz returned to view. This time Zaneka sat upright on the two probes. Beads
of sweat dripped and stung but hate summoned enough strength for her to stare
directly at Sshrtz's hideous eye.

"That was a bit rougher, yes? Ready now to surrender?"

Zaneka shook her head from side to side and grimly watched the replay of her
gang rape on the wall screen. Her fingernails clawed at the table's finish as
she watched. Her ribs beat against the table's edge. Her knees under the table
quivered and her toes knotted over each other.

"Have another drink of water then, and it's off to Journey #3. One I am sure
you're to enjoy."




From the corner of an eye Zaneka saw the Awrxian medic reappear and approach.
She returned to humping the twin dildos. An orgasm kept getting closer, but the
Awrxian used his claws to lift her off of the probes and the trend stopped.

She started to protest, and then saw her image in the wall-sized screen. Sshrtz
was using the stimoceiver contained in the nanoquantum computer. With it, he was
controlling all of her impulses! The pill she swallowed must now have reached
her brain.

There was little she could do, but sit back down on the new probes the medic had
attached. They were thicker and longer. She felt a pain at first, and then
embraced their fullness. Zaneka relaxed her legs and sat down more on the new
devices. She ignored the flickering video image of herself. She inhaled a musky
scent she recognized.

"If you're quite done squirming around, we shall start your third journey."

The Awrxian space ship room filled with steam and sound. When Zaneka awoke, she
was still rocking, though this time it was different. She sat on a plush leather
seat.

His clothes were very elegant as was everything about him. The top hat he wore
glistened as their carriage passed English pubs. Zaneka peeked passed a lacey
side curtain and recognized the silhouetted rooftops of old time London.

"Here we are," he said.

Zaneka murmured some agreement. Her own Cockney accent sounded grossly
uneducated compared to the gentleman's. She let him open the carriage door and
help her out. Zaneka felt the rustle of her petticoats and chill of the London
fog as it caressed her half-naked bosom.

His cape swirled around and she felt a warm glove grasp her hand. He led them
down a darkened alley. Zaneka intuitively knew that she was a prostitute and
that luck was on her side for finding such a cultured gent. She willingly
followed as they left the horse-drawn carriage behind.

Zaneka's eyes bulged. The slice across her throat came too swift for her to
react. Rich crimson flowed over the tops of her breasts. She tried to cry out,
but could not. Her knees folded and she sank down lay flat upon the
cobblestones.

For the first time, she saw his face. Eyes that glittered like diamonds. The
handle-bar moustache beneath an equine nose covered half of snarling teeth.
Zaneka lay bleeding as her bodice was torn apart. She didn't feel the abdominal
incision, but knew it must be deep as the attacker propped her up in a sitting
position. Zaneka stared in shock as more of the steaming intestines from her
stomach spilled out.



"Lucky, lucky you," Sshrtz said at the glossy black curls. Zaneka slowly raised
her head up. Sweat ran down her chest. Sshrtz was pleased. His foe obviously was
weakening. "You get to meet one of your human history's all-time characters,
Jack The Ripper."

Zaneka saw glimpses of old London flash on the wall behind Sshrtz. She felt
sick.

"Too bad your meeting had you on the wrong side of his scalpel."

In fright, she looked down at her chest. Instead of a sticky coating of blood
flowing from her throat, she saw two breasts coated only with sweat. Below she
could see the movement of the thick steel probe. The piston-like movement was
slick with her own juices.

"As I said before, no physical injuries. This time, however, we shall forego the
niceties of offering you water and proceed directly to your next journey.
Welcome to the world of the Aztecs."




Zaneka look back over her shoulder. Down the steep pyramid steps a rabble from
the town of Tenochtilan tore apart the corpse. She gagged as she watched the
pieces being eaten. She looked back at the sacred fire. Her turn was next.

The Great Speaker intoned her many virtues as a brave warrioress, all the better
to sacrifice to the sun god Huitzilopochtli. Drums beat and flutes played. Hands
lifted off her shoulders the ivory gown. Zaneka stood nude.

She was to be sacrificed by being thrown into the fire. Before dying, however,
soldiers would drag her out using hooks. Her beating heart would then be taken.
It would be burned. She would go back to the fire and later be eaten like the
one she had seen.

The flames blistered. Parts of her hair burst into more flames. Zaneka slipped
and landed on the hot coals. She could not rise. One hook heavily raked her
back. One sunk into a thigh. Each time one landed, she felt it thud. The pain of
the flames overcame any pain from the punctures.

Her arms flagged. She was about to fall on the burning coals with her breasts
when she felt herself tugged. More pulls and the roar of the flames left.

Zaneka could not feel the four puncture wounds. Her flesh continued to burn.
Above her, as she lay on her back on the sacred altar, she could make out the
Great Speaker. In his hand held what looked to be a knife.

It plunged down ad sunk in just below the rib cage. Zaneka jerked once. Before
she died, she saw her beating heart lifted up. Great gobs of blood dripped from
the two hands holding it. She gasped as the still-beating heart was tossed into
the fire.




"Wow. Not bad. Not bad at all."

Zaneka fought to stop the shaking as she heard Sshrtz's rasping voice. Her chin
rested on her chest. She dully stared at the pumping probe. Her arms no longer
fought the metal clasps. Black hair limply framed her slack face. In the room
she could hear the Aztec music playing and fire crackling. She dare not look.

"Time to surrender. You could end all of this, you know."

Somewhere in that part of her brain not controlled by Sshrtz, Zaneka knew she
must continue to fight. Much as she wanted it all to end, she knew better than
to trust the Awrxian . Besides, she hated to lose. Zaneka did not reply.

"Very well, then."

The steam and noise cleared. This time, Zaneka immediately knew where she was.
As a little girl, she had studied all about that chapter of history, Imperial
Rome. Zaneka looked down on the ancient Romans and other peoples. She hung
before them crucified.

The many tortures racked her in agony, yet this one made her feel like she was
drowning. She needed more air. Her knees slowly bent. Pressure increased on the
nails in her feet. The pain was excruciating. Zaneka's stomach tightened. Her
strained arms pulled at the nails holding her to the wood by her wrists. The
movement caused her to fall back. The rough wood of the upright stopped her
fall. Scourged flesh further abraded as contact with the wood scraped open
wounds.

Zaneka shuddered and cried out, as she was able to finally raise her crucified
body up and gulp air. Almost immediately, she sank back down and hung by her
wrists from the cross. Fever caused the tortured nude to hallucinate. Fresh
blood coursed over dried rivulets from the thorns twisted about her head.




"Still no surrender?" The cyclops eye twitched. "I must say," the slit above the
orb twisted as it spoke. "You are quite the opponent. I commend you on your
bravery, however..."

Zaneka felt the pistons pumping inside her expand. Euphoria washed over.
Something inside her told her that Sshrtz was manipulating her mind, again, but
she no longer cared.

"Release the commander and bring her here."

The Awrxian medic unlocked the bands covering Zaneka's forearms and lifted her
off of the probes. The two metal rods made sloshing popping sounds as they were
pulled out. The medic carried Zaneka over to where Sshrtz sat.

"Sit her on the table, in front of me."

ESB surged through Zaneka. She spread her legs as she was seated on the table in
front of Sshrtz . No longer did she consider Sshrtz's grotesqueness. She opened
her legs wider as the tentacle approached. It was one she had not noticed before
and raptly watched it enter her vagina.

Sshrtz used more ESB on Zaneka. It was clearly working. Suckers on the tentacle
slipped passed the lubricated walls until it stopped at her cervix. The human
lay back down on the Judgment Table, eyes closed and legs spread. Sshrtz shoved.
The Awrxian felt the entry to the human's womb and said, "Only primitive
creatures, such as yourself, have differing genders. We, by comparison, carry
eggs already fertilized. All we need do is find a suitable host. Your womb will
do."

Zaneka moaned on the table. Had she continued to watch, she could have seen that
the thickness of Sshrtz tentacle increased as it entered deeper into her.
Awrxian slime streamed from her opened sex.

"Now this is the good part." Three reddish prongs shot from the tip of Sshrtz's
tentacle inside Zaneka. The fertilized eggs immediately attached themselves to
the uterine wall. Sshrtz slowly withdrew. "Not to worry, however, the gestation
period for you should last no more than two weeks."

Once free, Sshrtz signaled the medic who easily lifted Zaneka and set her down
on the ship floor. "Now I suspect you shall enjoy a good rest." The slit above
his eye thinned in a half-smile as he watched the stimceiver work. The human
immediately fell asleep.

Both Sshrtz and the medic faced the door as it blew open. Stepping through the
frame was Commander Jillian Cook. She held a weapon trained on both of them.
Behind her were many Federation soldiers.

Cook held the weapon on the two Awrxian's, saw Zaneka and the two wall screens
flickering. "Looks like, Sshrtz , you may have won the battle, but not the war."

Sshrtz recovered from his initial surprise. He too looked at the slumbering, and
now impregnated Zaneka. "Perhaps you are correct commander. But, then
again...Not even I can foretell the future."

The slit smiled victoriously.




The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





