BDSM Library - The Puppet Master




The Puppet Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mind-control story. The disgraced hypnotist used his professional skill to dig out the housewife's secret and fullfilled his own fantasy with her and her daughter.
Another Story by PAGAN.

                            The PUPPET MASTER.

"Another pint of bitter please",he passed his glass to the barman,as he did he
caught the whisky glass of the bloke beside him and knocked it over,"Oh I am
sorry,let me get you another,"he bought the whisky,"I,ve seen you here a few
times,my names Andrews,Declan Andrews",the bloke thanked him for the
drink,"That's strange my names Andrews,Shaun Andrews,"they laughed about maybe
being related and started to drink and chat.Shaun was worried about his wife,a
few more drinks made talking easy,she was depressed and he didn`t know why.She
would go on spending sprees or get drunk and not know why,she would not speak
for day`s,she refused sex but said she loved him,she even went to peices when
she opened a bill that wasn`t our`s,he dreaded the postman,he was at his wits
end,Shaun showed Declan a photo of her,which had Declans eyes popping,what a
stunner.

Declan Andrews,a disgraced hypnotist,set up in business as a hypno-therapist but
a incident with a young girl got him struck off,lost a lot of money and forced
to move,a very bitter and twisted little man.Shaun Andrews a respectable
business man,nice house in a smart area,everything he could wish for money,
position,power a good life apart from his problem with Sally.

Declan asked if he had ever thought about therapy the hypno type,he told him
these people were great at stopping people from smoking or chewing their
nails,shoplifting,he rattled of lots of things but didn`t say he was one,just
that he knew about two that he could get their number`s for him,he said they
might help,Shaun said he`d think about it  just to shut him up and gave Declan
his phone number anything to change the conversation.The rest of the time was
spent in small talk and finally it was time to leave,Shaun spend off in his Jag
as Declan got in to his old Ford and drove back to his flat,as soon as he was
through the door he made for the phone book,"Andrews S",as he searched for the
address to match the number all he could think about was smug Shaun, his fancy
car and that picture of Sally,her stunningly beautiful face and every contour of
her voluptuous body was carved in his perverted brain. 

Got it,posh neighbourhood,be a few bob there he thought now to think of a
plan,needed her at her lowest,easy prey oh yes,thinking of the postman an
anonymous letter would do nicely.Declan bought some magazines and started
cutting then pasting something about money,blackmail,husband having an affair
because wife was a pain,it was all there,time to teach a few lessons, snub me in
your fancy big Jag,I,ll show you,his warped mind was racing.

He found the house and waited,sure enough the big Jag left the garage and
disappeared up the road,Declan stayed, watching, waiting,at last the postman
arrived,Declan moved, following him as he put the letters through the door he
quickly followed and slid his in after.Job done he went back to the car
thinking,I`ll give it half an hour.

The door bell rang and he heard a voice,"Who is it",he used his most forceful
voice,"My names Declan Andrew`s I,m a friend of Shaun`s",she opened the door,she
was even more desirable than her picture,she had a figer hugging house
dress,Blue with little yellow daisies,belted with buttons all the way up,the top
three pulling against her full breast`s and he didn`t think she had a bra on,she
had white court  shoes that firmed her calf's and the dress came just above her
knees but Declan could see by the shape of the dress she had firm strong
thighs,and the curve from her pert round bottom up to her back extenuated her
slim hip`s, finally he looked in to her big brown eyes and as she said "Hello"
all he could see was his cock in between those cupie doll lip`s.To his delight
he could see she had been crying,"Shaun asked me to come and see you,I believe
you are having some problems and don`t wish to involve a Doctor,mines what you
call alterative and I believe I can help".She politely asked him in and offered
tea or coffee,he accepted coffee and they sat in the lounge.He started,"You
seemed to be having problems that nether of you can put your finger on,with my
method I can unlock anything in you subconscious,then you can listen to a tape
of it on your own and I leave it to you whether you wish to see me again,I,m
sorry but something seems to be bothering you",he grinned inwardly knowing she
had read the letter and she was very upset and confused, just what he wanted.

She looked like a frighten rabbit,"I,m not sure",he was having none of it,"But
I,m here,it won`t take long,"she tried,"I would prefer it if my husband was
here,"still he carried on,"This should be done as a one to one,that's how it
works",no matter what she said he had an answer,finally he got the better of her
and she agreed,he struggled hard not to smile.He sat her in a chair and put the
tape recorder at her side and then pulled a dining chair in front,he gave her a
drink to relax her then he got his pendent out,it was a large crystal on a gold
chain that he spun in front of her telling her to watch a silver pen that he
moved behind it,back and forth behind the spinning crystal as he spoke softly to
her,slowly her eye`s started to close and soon she just sat there Declan got up
moved the chair back and then sat looking at the beauty sat silent infront of
him.

"Can you hear me,Sally",she didn`t move just said,"Yes",the smile was there
now,"When ever you hear the words,Declan says 3+3 is 27,you will go in to this
trace and obey what ever I say,do you understand,"another,"Yes" came from
her,"And when ever I say,3+3+3 you will count to 60 then you will wake up,you
will think you have been asleep and you will never remember me,you don`t know
me, you have never seen me,do you understand,"he just waited for the "Yes"before
he went to the cocktail cabinet and poured himself a drink,rewound the tape,then
returned to his seat.

He took a swig of the scotch,"You look very hot Mrs Andrews,undo your dress for
me from the bottom up,"he watched as her fingers mechanically undid each
button,her legs came on view,they were gorges,light pink soft skin on strong
meaty thighs going up to tightly fitting white pants,the sight made Declan take
a sharp untake of breath,he hadn`t even calmed down as her trim waist started to
widen to her large frim tit`s,she wasn`t wearing a bra, her nipples turned up
sitting just above the full globe of there swell,"Drop the dress off your
shoulder`s,"she did and sat there with a glazed stare,she was the most fuckable
woman Declan had ever seen."Have you ever been unfiathfull to your
husband,"there was a pause before she answered "No",Declan thought why the
pause,"Have you ever had sex with some-one else while you have been married",he
was pleased when she said,"Yes"and his smile grew wider,"Did you have to have
sex and with how many,"the monatone voice said,Yes, two men and a woman,"he took
another swig,"Sally take your pants off,spread your legs as wide as you can,play
with your tit`s and tell me word for word what happened and why".

"I had been drinking heavily one morning and I went out,I drank again at lunch
time,I found myself in an expensive shop and I saw a coat I liked,so I put it on
and went to walk out the shop,the alarms went off and I was caught by the shop
security,they said it was a court case and would visit me at home,I tried to
tell them I was on antidepressant`s and had been drinking but I was very rude at
the interview,they made me sign something.They called on me at ten the following
day,asking to see my husband,unfortunately I had taken more pills and because I
was worried Shaun would find out,I,d had a few drink`s,the three of them pushed
their way in and surrounded me in my living room".As she told her story Declan
couldn`t take his eye`s off the neat trimmed slightly covered slit that pointed
right at him and the way her hands encircled her tit`s occasionally pulling the
long nipple,as for the story it was music to his ear`s."They frightened
me,telling me I would have to go to court,it would be in all the local papers
and my husband would have to be informed,I pleaded,crying for them not too,I
begged them,I offered to pay in instalments,but they said,Why should they what
was in it for them,I offered them money they told me to right down how much I
would give them,when I did they said that they would show that in court as a
bribe and as the coat was 450 I could expect a heavy sentence,at that I
collapsed on to the settee and sobbed".

She was remembering as if it were happening now,Declan was hoping to see her
cunt start to get wet,he was enjoying him self,suddenly the phone rang,"Answer
the phone Sally as if everything was normal and while you are talking finger you
cunt",she got up and went to the phone picking it up with her left hand her
right hand went between her legs and her fingers rubbed that gorges slit."Hello
dear-----yes I,m fine-----no----I don`t mind business comes first-----about
nine----we will just eat later then----I said I don`t care-----allright I,ll see
you later-----goodbye".She went to return to her seat when Declan said,"Just
come here,stand with your legs open and hold your cunt lips apart",she did and
Declan enjoyed the next five minutes fingering her cunt,it wasn`t wet but moist
enough to slip in and get a delouses smell on his fingers,"Go back and sit down
resume what you were doing while telling your story"

She sat her legs wide open and her hands back on her tit`s,"They said if I was
nice to them I could save myself,I said what do you mean,I,v offered you
money,the woman came close to me,What if you put out honey,I,m sure we would go
away and not bother you,I looked at her,she got hold of my hair,Look honey the
bottom line is your a good looking piece of ass and we want to fuck it,just lay
there and let us use you and all your troubles will disappear,you will have to
do some work with that sweet mouth of yours but I bet you`ve sucked cock and
pussie before,hay you may enjoy it,what's it to be,you in court or me and my two
friends in you".Declan was enjoying himself and it was time to be self indulgent
again,he stopped her,"Stand up Sally and turn around",she did,"Now bend over and
pull your ass cheeks apart show me your ass and cunt",what a wonderful sight
both her holes pointing at him but he thought,not yet after all they were eating
late so he had plenty of time to keep her under and eat her cunt and tit`s at
his leisure,"Turn to your right",she did and her tit`s hung there so inviting,he
knew that soon he would be hanging on them,pulling her long nipples as he fucked
her from behind,"Sally, sit down and carry on what your were doing and saying".

Her hands roamed her tit`s again,"I stood up but they gathered round me the man
behind said,Your husband will never look good at the club anymore and when you
go in shops what will they think and as for friends you can say bye to them,not
to think of your family,I sobbed, Or you can put your hands behind your head and
leave them there,I was beaten and they knew it,You promise I will never see you
again and this will be the end of it,the woman nodded,I put my hands together
behind my head.I felt hands on my bottom,Nice butt,round and firm but there`s
two other firm and round I need to check out,I felt hands slide under my jumper
and crawl up my stomach.As they did the man infront bent down and I felt hands
on my knees,pushing under my skirt and slowly moving up the front of my
thigh`s,the woman just looked at me with a sneer on her face,Put your tongue
out,I did,Oh yes very nice,we are going to enjoy you.

"Then everything started to happen so quickly,my jumper was pulled up and hands
grabbed my breasts,----"Call them tit`s,"---grabbed my tit`s and held them while
the woman bent forward and started licking my nipples,I felt hands go up my
inner thighs until they were in my pants playing with my clit and
pussie,-----"Call it a cunt,"-----Playing with my cunt,I voice behind me told me
to open my legs so I could have a good fingering,I did open my legs and fingers
pushed in to my cunt forcing themselves up and in me,Hold still while I tongue
you,she has an ace cunt,don`t look like it`s been used the way it should,I felt
his tongue going in me and licking the other were still busy with my tit`s until
the woman said,You can have her cunt later,we,ve got all day with her,let have
her on her knees,I want to see her mouth doing the business".

"I heard,kneel down,keep your hands behind your head and them big tit`s sticking
out,open your mouth,it`s time to do some cock sucking and cunt licking before we
strip you naked and give that cunt of your`s the best fucking it`s ever had,I
felt hands on my shoulder as I was pushed to the floor,the one who had been
licking my cunt was stood in front of me with his cock sticking out aiming at my
face,Come on honey you can start with me,my head was held and his cock pushed at
my mouth,I knew I had to do one of the things I hated most suck a mans cock,in a
moment it was in my mouth and as there was no love he just used my mouth for his
pleasure,he was trying to chock me by getting his huge peice of meat as far in
me as possible,as he did hands were still fondling my tit`s and cunt,pinching
and pulling,hurting me knowing with a cock in my mouth I couldn`t scream".

"A voice came from my side,You reckon she tastes good,the one who was fucking my
mouth said,Sweet as a nut,Then it`s time to get me some,I felt movement and my
skirt was being lifted from behind,someone pushed between my legs,it was the man
and suddenly I felt his tongue in my cunt,licking around me and sucking my clit
into his mouth,the woman now had freedom to both my tit`s and she bit and sucked
on them until they were red and my nipples were very swollen,she said,There
thats how you should be a tongue up your cunt and a cock in your mouth,all the
time my mouth was taking as much cock as I could,licking the end as he had told
me to stop him forcing it further down my throat".

"Suddenly I could feel something happening,all the attention my body was getting
was making me wet and the one licking my cunt knew it,his voice was
triumphal,She likes something,I got one juicy wet cunt in my mouth,the woman
looked at me,Getting hot are we honey,you ready for it,I tried to say stop or no
but it was no use,the cock in my mouth stopped me and the wetness of my cunt
betrayed me,I was at their mercy.It was the woman who said,Come on lets take
madam here upstairs get her naked and see what she has to offer between her
leg`s,lets fuck the bitch,I was dragged upstairs stripped and forced on my knees
on my own bed,this time the woman was laying naked in front of me with her legs
wide open,Bend over and lick me out honey, don`t worry the boys have plans for
your other end".

The story was getting to Declan,he stopped her,"As you tell this story,you will
become very aroused and your cunt will want to be fucked when you finish the
story you will crawl over here and beg me to let you suck my cock until it comes
in your mouth you will suck it all far down your throut then you will keep on
sucking until it is hard again then you will beg me to fuck you and while I fuck
you,you will do everything I tell you to,now carry on,

"I was slapped hard on my bottom",----Oh god Sally call it your ass,"---Hard on
my ass and fingers started to play round my ass-hole then a tongue invaded my
cunt again working on me,I couldn`t help it my legs opened and the tongue got
further in,I found myself licking a cunt for the first time in my life,her hand
was on my neck pulling me hard in to her,That's right honey do me good you could
make me come in your mouth,that`s what your supposed to do,hay boys you fucking
her yet,Not yet, you said we got all day to have fun with honeypot,besides a
good tonguing seems to make her go and we want her going like a race horse when
we fuck her and you got her mouth at the moment".

"The woman was pulling me very hard,Come on cunt finger me make me come do to me
what their doing to you,fuck me with your fingers and don`t stop licking,I was
doing everything she asked and they were doing things to me that were making me
wet myself,finally she came,it was  disgusting what spat in to my mouth but I
had no choice,I had to swallow,she let me go and got off the bed,About time too,
one of the men said,I looked round,What are you going to do to me,They both
laughed as one said,Well if you must know,I,m going to fuck you while you suck
him dry then your going to suck us both hard again,I hope you swallow, then he
can fuck your cunt while at the same time I fuck your ass,then she is going to
sit on you face while you lick her off again we will probably play with your
cunt while you do it then we will both fuck you again,it all depends on how we
feel as to which hole we fuck but we will fuck one of them,how's that sound to
you, O K, right lay on your back,spred them legs and let me suck that hot snatch
some more".

"Though I was hot",Declan noticed her breathing was getting erratic and the hole
that had never closed was defiantly getting wet it took him all his time to tare
his eyes from her nipples that now were so long, so thick and long,god she was
going to be good,"I was also scared at what they were going to do to me,Do you
like it hard or soft honey,I just looked at him,O K who gives a shit we will
fuck you both ways,they spent half an hour working on me sucking my cunt and
playing with my tit`s,they forced me to get wet,the woman took great delight in
showing them how to excite my most sensative places`s I just lay there while
they did what they wanted to me.They stayed till five,they didn`t stop fucking
me all day,they hurt me when they both fucked my ass really hard,they made me
jerk off in front of them,sticking my fingers up my own cunt while I sucked the
woman who sat on my face totally covering my mouth and nose until she poured
filth in my mouth again,another time they had both fucked me, one in my cunt,
one in my ass then they forced both their cocks in my mouth,I had to lick all my
own juice off,they kept saying that a pretty little face like mine deserved to
have a cock in it,the last time they fucked me they all kept changing places`s
it lasted so long I was painfully sore when they left.

Declan was so wrapped up in the story that he jumped when she got up,knelt down
and crawled towards him on all fours,he gazed at her upturned face,it was
beautiful,"I want to suck your cock,I need to suck your cock,please I,m begging
you can I have it in my mouth,he told her she could and watched as she undid his
zip put her hand in and pulled his hard cock out,she immediately sank her mouth
over it,her entire mouth swallowed all his cock,he had not had a cock so far
down a throat since that girl,no wonder he lost his practice, she was just a
younger version of the mouth that was sucking him now, a real poppet.After the
story and all he had made her do to herself it didn`t take him long to be
pumping his cream in to her mouth,he could`nt stop squirting as she sucked it
all down her throat,her mouth pushing as far down his cock as her throat would
allow then back up not stopping,licking it while it was still in her mouth her
tongue danced over his cock until he felt it starting to harden again,the
thought that he was now going to fuck her and she would obey his every wish soon
gave him a raging hard on."Get on you back,lift your knees and spread your legs
nice and wide,carry on playing with your tit`s while I,m fucking you grind your
hips making sure you give me the best fuck you can,do you understand Sally it is
your will to obey my every command,"the monotone voice said "Yes".

He undressed and knelt between the out spread leg`s,the silky pink slit
glistened at him he wet his fingers and ran them over it,his hard cock raging to
be let in it,her hands squeezed her tit`s and her back arched up towards him,he
lowered himself locking his mouth on to her left nipple and sucked the full
length in as she pushed it into his mouth, his ass lowered and he felt his cock
press in to her cunt,slowly he let it slip into her, any thought of a slow fuck
went when her hips pushed up and rotated moving his cock around inside her
perfect tight cunt,he gorged on the nipple as he thrust hard into her.He slid up
her body and whispered in her ear,"Beg me to fuck you hard,"like the toy she now
was, she obeyed."Oh please fuck me, make your cock make me cum,give it to me,I
want your cock in me, fucking me, push harder,please my cunt needs a fucking,
you can fuck me harder I don`t care,screw me I want to feel your cum fill me
up,your the best fuck I,ve ever had,oh I love the feel of you cock in me come on
ride me,I,m gona come, your making me cum,"she dragged his head down and forced
her nipple into his mouth,"Suck my tit`s,please lick them, bite them,"he pulled
his head back up,"Tell me I,m better than your husband",Come on fuck me,I need a
man not that pathetic thing I have for a husband, his cock is`nt any use, he
cant fuck me like you,his cock is no good, I need your cock to make me cum,fuck
me,fuck me,please fuck me,"with that he did,not as much as the first time but
still enough to have it mixing with her cunt juice and dripping out of her as
she lay under him.

They lay on the floor for a while,Declan smiled as his next thought`s festered
in his mind,after he had made her lick his cock he tidied the room,picked up the
tape,put a new cassette in and told her to go upstairs holding her ass open as
he walked behind her.He lent on the bathroom door as he watched her piss for his
pleasure,then made her hold his cock while he had one,then to the bedroom,he
laid on their king-size bed and told her he wanted a fashion show that she was
going to put on for him, dressing in all her underwear, that included stockings
and suspenders or hold-ups finished off with high heels,anything she believed to
be sexy,he would decide if it was sexy enough for her to do a little bump and
grind dance for him,Declan adjusted the pillows and let the show begin.After a
few she put on a really sexy red satin outfit,high cut pants that only just
covered her cunt,half fitting bra that pushed her tit`s almost under her chin
with matching suspenders and heavily patterned stocking,wearing her highest
heel`s he made her grind out a sexy routine, to finish he placed his hand out
and made her open her legs and push her crutch on to it moving herself back and
forth with her hands at the back of her head,he imagined what fun those three
must have had with her,the thought of one in her mouth,one in her cunt and the
woman sucking those gorges nipples had his cock sturing again.

He gazed up and the beautiful sight grinding herself on his hand her eyes half
closed,"Sally,"her eyes opened wide,"Lay across your bed and worship my
cock,give me a better blow-job than you did before,lick my balls,kiss them and
my cock all over then keep your mouth open wide and use your throat and fingers
to make me cum,remember to swallow it all again".She sprawled across the bed and
her head was in his lap her fingers toyed with his cock her tongue darted all
over the length of it as she planted kiss`s on every inch soon she was working
on his balls,kissing them,tickling with her tongue,Declan rested his head back
as her mouth engulfed the head and started to move up and down.It was heaven,his
eyes wondered round the room,a photo in a frame caught his eye,a pretty young
girl,it looked like her,maybe a few years ago or it could be a younger
sister,"Sally look at me",she stopped sucking his cock,her beautiful face turned
to him,"Who is that",she looked,"My daughter,Maria,"Declan was shocked he didn`t
think she was old enough,"Where is she",she looked back at him,"At collage she
will be home at four",---"How old is she"----"15"----,Declan smiled,"Thank you
Sally carry on playing with my cock".

He looked at his watch, 2.30 he was in heaven the mouth working on his cock was
about to be filled again,he took great delight in stroking her hair as he pumped
her mouth full of more cream,smiling as she fought to keep it all in her mouth
while she swallowed,when he had finished and she again had done her duty of
licking and sucking the last bits off his cock,he had her lay beside him while
he pulled her tit`s from her half cut bra and played with them,"Now listen Sally
you must obey me,when your daughter comes home you will introduce me as Harry
Temple,you will tell her I am a very nice man who has helped you a great
deal,you think it would be a great idea to let me help her beside it also
fun,then you will leave us and wait in your room until I call you,you will do
this very naturally and you will show her how good you feel,Maria must try it,do
you understand,"as expected the word "Yes",came from those perfect cocksucking
lips.

He had another hour before the plan would be put in motion so he had her lay on
her back with her hands behind her head,he left her bra on under her exposed
tit`s but he pulled her pants off and then just played between the spread-eagled
legs,his fingers and tongue could`nt get enough of the pink slit laid before
him,he could open it up and do what ever he liked to it,much to his delight he
managed to fuck her again,this time he made her pretend to be asleep,it was
always one of his fantasies to fuck some-one who looked helpless and he
enjoyed,yes, it was worth the effort,never before had he had such a responsive
victim.3.30 time to get dressed, prepare another tape and be ready.

Maria came in as they sat drinking coffee,Declan nearly dropped his cup as he
drunk in the sight of this beautiful,15 year old cheer-leader,the little crimson
uniform only half way down her stunning thighs,her little white bobby sock`s,
she was differently on the way to breasts like her mothers and with her
baby-doll face she was perfect,god I hope she shaves thought Declan.Sally
introduced them and went into her,he is great you must try him,oh yes after
seeing the change in mother she was up for it,Sally left them and the crystal
came out.

Declans overpowering urge to have her almost took him over the top he had her so
far in a trance that she nearly became comatosed but he had her,he had them
both,he looked into the glazed vacant eyes and thought,I,m good,god I,m good.He
went through the code words as he had with Sally,hers were,Declan says 3+3 is 29
and 3+3+2 and all she should do when she had to obey him or her life as
normal,4.20,four hours, now to have some fun with her and mummy.

He had to know,"Take off you pants Maria,"she did,"Now do your cheer-leader
dance routine for me",the pretty girl pranced around showing everything she
had,a beautiful bold cunt could be seen clearly,Declan believed there was a
god.He stopped her and made her stand still,he walked over to her,she was a
doll,he bent down tilted her head back and kissed her full on the mouth,she
never moved,her eye`s never flickered,he slid his hand down to her naked
thighs,slipped under the skirt and moved up between her thighs to the hairless
cunt,he gazed into the empty eyes as his fingers moved up and down the slit
between her legs,he took his fingers away and licked them,she tasted good,he
moved behind her, moved her hair to the side and pushed his hand down the top of
her uniform,he pushed in to her bra and felt the soft round firmness of a lovely
young tit,as he squeezed he felt the nipple rub the palm of his hand,she was
perfect,he couldn`t wait to see her naked.He took her upstairs to see her
mother,there she was sitting on the bed staring at the wall,"Hello Sally",she
looked at him,"Hello"he sat beside her on the bed,"This is Maria your friend,she
wants you to undress her,do it",she stood up and started taking off the cute
uniform,Declan watched as each piece revealed more of her gorges young body
until she stood naked in front of him she was unbelievable,slim hips perfect
legs that bald cunt and those tit`s so firm and round with her mothers trade
mark long nipples,he made Maria strip her mother before he gave his next
command.

He made them both strip him then he laid on the bed and told Maria to lay beside
him and kiss him passionately as she did he commanded Sally to play with his
cock using only her tongue,he enjoyed the enthusiastic sucking of Maria's tongue
in his mouth,she could kiss but those tit`s called,she obeyed him by kneeling
across him with her legs open and dangling her nipples in his mouth while his
hand played with her between her leg`s fingering her naked cunt, all the time
Sally was tickling his cock with her tongue."Right ladies kneel at the side of
the bed",they obeyed,"Kiss each other on the lips with passion,"he sat on the
bed not two feet from mother and daughter kissing each other, he watched their
tongues fight to get in each others mouths he lent beside them,"With your left
hand play with her tit`s with your right feel her cunt,"both women thought he
was talking to them and each hand fondled the others cunt and tit`s,he stood
up,pushed his cock between their mouths and told them to worship his cock.

He stood there with his hand on his hips as both women ran their mouths up and
down his cock,licking and kissing,he could see between them as their hands still
played with each other`s tit`s further down the frantic fingers rubbed
cunt,"Sally suck my cock six times then Maria you do the same take it in turns
until I tell you to stop",he watched Sally`s head bob back and forth as his cock
disappeared in to her mouth and then out after six she stopped and the sweet
young mouth of Maria did the same he had`nt told her to suck him all the way but
she did,that gave him an idea.He stopped them and pressed the tape recorder,"O K
ladies Maria you sit on my face,the thought of that naked cunt in his mouth was
overpowering and Sally you get to sit on my cock and take it up your cunt,oh as
you both sit there I want you to play with each others tit`s and Maria you are
to tell Sally of all your boyfriends or men that you can remember and all the
sex things you have let them do to you",he made himself comfortable on the bed
as mother and daughter climbed on.

He felt Sally slide on to his cock as Maria swung her legs round and he watched
the pink slit descended on to his mouth it tasted sweet as his tongue began to
explore the inner walls,then he heard,"I was coming home from school one day,I
was playing on the Jarvis`s wall when I fell and scrapped my knee,Mr Jarvis took
me in the house to bath it while he was washing it he pushed my school skirt
up,then while he was drying it his hand went further up under my skirt,it felt
nice so I didn`t stop him,it went further up until it was touching my
knickers,he started rubbing me between my legs,it still felt nice,I couldn`t
stop him and he pushed his hand in side my knickers and played with me,tickling
my slit,it made me feel funny and I started to get excited,he stooped and told
me I was a bad girl and he would tell my family I begged him not too so he said
there was one thing I must do if he was to keep quite.He took me up to their
bedroom and made me take off my school uniform then he laid me on their bed and
kissed me all over paying attention to my little tittie`s and between my legs
then he made me get his thing out and I had to play with it before he told me to
put it in my mouth,I had to suck it until it filled my mouth with some cream,he
told me it was good for me and I should swallow it all,I did.I always went past
their house and often Mr Jarvis would call me in,take me upstairs and he would
get me naked and play with me again,then he would get me to suck his cock again,
but one day when he called me in Mrs Jarvis was there and they both took me to
the bed room they got me naked and then they stripped,I had to play with Mrs
Jarvis between her legs as Mr Jarvis played with me until I licked a lot of
juice out of Mrs Jarvis`s cunt before taking his cock and swallowing some of Mr
Jarvis,this went on until I moved up to collage".


The monotone way Maria was desribing her sex life was not effecting the
enjoyment Declan was having knowing he was taping every word,"They had I son who
I meet at collage he asked me out,by this time I was to pretty to be seen with
nerds so I said no he told me he knew what I had done with his parents and he
would spred it round the campus if I didn`t go out with him.I did but only if he
picked me up away from collage we didn`t go out far just to a dark place were he
made go down on him and suck his cock and he played with my tit`s and cunt.It
must have been five months when four bad youths beat him up, to save himself he
told them about me,one day they grabbed me and took me to a empty store
shed,they made me strip naked and kneel down to suck them off,I sucked each one
off in turn,swallowing their filth but when I thought they had finished with me
they held me down,kept a hand over my mouth and each one took it in turn to
break me in, they brutally fucked me,the last one using my ass as they had all
come up my cunt making it too sloppy for him,I didn`t tell anyone incase my past
came out so they got me again,this time in one of thems house,they kept me there
all one afternoon,tied to a bed fucking both my holes and forcing their cocks in
my mouth,they used their belts on me if I didn`t let them do anything they
wanted to me.I started going out with boys more my style to keep them away from
me,the only thing was I dare`nt let them pack me up so I let them fuck ether of
my holes and use my mouth just to keep them and I,m still sucking them off and
letting them fuck me now".This was all to much for Declan and he shot a full
load up in to the bouncing Sally before moving Maria off his face.

He pulled himself together,6.15,"Sally lay on the bed next to me and open your
legs,Maria lick Sally`s cunt clean",he rest his head on his arm and watch the
beautiful daughter lick her mothers cunt,he lent over and fondled the big tit`s
of the woman beside him,oh to live here and have them all to himself to use at
any time.He told Maria to turn round and sit on Sally`s face so they could both
clean each other`s cunts out,he stood up and stretched as he watched the two
heads pushing between those strong firm thighs, he listened to the slurping
noises their mouths were making as he walked round the bed to get a better look.

He watched them attack each others cunt`s for a while,their tongues slopping
round and round their gaping holes,it was wonderful watching them pushing as
deep as their tongues could but then it was time to prepare to leave,he had them
dress and clean up the bedroom,the cups and anything else, then he sat them in
the lounge and told them the codes and left.The two women woke,surprised that
they were asleep and carried on as normal,he had reminded Sally to fix dinner
for nine and the inducement had been so total that they remembered nothing,but
Declan did,he had checked Shaun's dairy and his next visit was already in the
planning.

Three weeks had past,all he had done was listen to the tapes,and made a
decision, he had checked with Shaun`s secretary and he knew it was a school
holiday,everything was going to be perfect,he packed some of his belongings in
to the car, parked far enough away to watch as the silver Jag spend away,then
picked up his cellphone,Sally answered,"Declan say`s3+3 is 27"the monotone reply
was what he wanted,"Fetch Maria to the phone,"he heard,"Maria, it`s for
you",Maria said,"Hello",-----Declan say`s 3+3 is 29"---,silence,"Open the back
door and take Sally to the bed room,strip her and then yourself,both of you must
put on sexy bra,pantie`s,suspenders and stocking`s and lay on the bed",he
switched off as he saw the back door open.

He walked through the bed room door to a sight he had dreamed of many times in
the last three weeks, both women lay staring at the ceiling dressed as
ordered,orge time he thought,he spoke,"Lay still and don`t move",he stripped and
moved around them both, sliding his hands inside panties or bra`s pulling or
fingering tit`s,nipples,ass`s or cunt`s as he liked,he pulled both set`s of
pants off but he only pulled their tit`s out over the bra`s,he looked at his
handywork,"Sally,Maria,listen and obey,when I say 3 you will love each
other,your aim in life is to give maxiam sexuall pleasure to each other at all
times you want to be sucking,licking or playing with each other`s tit`s,ass`s or
cunt`s and you need to be kissing each other as much as possable,the only other
person allowed to touch you is me and I can do what ever I want to you,you both
belong to me,do you understand",the two monotone voice`s spoke as one,---"Yes".

Allright my little helpless victims, time to play with you,"3",the two women
looked at each other,Maria made the first move bending forward and kissing her
mother passionately her tongue pushing into her mouth before sliding down her
body her hands pulling Sally`s legs apart and rubbing her hand all over her
cunt,her body followed her hand,sliding down the bed until her face was beside
the spread thighs,she slid over her leg and started licking at the open cunt
while her finger tickled between her ass-hole and cunt,Declan watched as the
tongue slid up and down the open slit,Sally moved her hips as her hand stroked
Maria`s hair,his cock grew to it`s full length,he pulled Maria`s body round and
knelt on the bed beside her pulling her to his cock,it slid in her mouth,Sally
looked at them,Declan pushed his finger in and out Sally`s mouth making her
suck,Maria moved round to him kissing his side and ass-cheeks as Sally took over
sucking his cock.Declan let his cock stay in Sally`s mouth as he pulled Maria
back holding her in one arm,letting his finger`s slid down to explore her
ass-hole while he started kissing her driving his tongue in her mouth as he
drove his cock into Sally`s then he let her fall back on the bed,she opened her
legs and he bent forward, lowering his face to her cunt.He licked furiously at
the bald cunt loving it`s look and taste,loving the feeling of Sally under him
using her hand to pull his cock into her mouth.He moved them and laid on the bed
making Maria sit on his cock facing him,Sally knelt beside them kissing and
tonguing her daughter`s mouth,Declan looked up and watched them tonguing each
others throat`s as he drove his cock hard up and in,he was in heaven as he
pulled her forward and Sally bent forward and started kissing Maria`s ass and
licking his balls,he slid his cock out of the hot cunt and pushed it in Sally`s
mouth,she greedily sucked him before holding Maria`s cunt  open and sliding him
back up her again.Sally came over and started kissing him on the lip`s her
tongue was dancing in his throat,she sat up pulling his hand up and letting have
the freedom of her tit`s.

Declan lifted Maria off him and knelt by the bed,making Maria kneel the other
side with Sally in-between them,Declan had one tit in his mouth while Maria had
the other, both of them had their hands between Sally`s open legs fingering her
cunt,Sally`s left hand was between Maria`s legs tickling her cunt and her right
was wanking Declan,he looked down at the incredible sight, he stood up and slid
it into Sally`s mouth as  Maria laid on the bed between Sally's open thighs and
buried her tongue in to her gaping cunt.He could feel his cock building as he
watched the beautiful woman wanking his cock in to her mouth with one hand while
her left hand was down playing with Maria`s cunt, his own hands wondered down to
her tit`s, it was getting to much for him,he got Sally on her back and parted
her legs bent forward and started to fuck her,Maria knelt beside them her thighs
open,she bent down kissing Sally hard on the mouth,Sally put her hand up between
Maria`s legs and finger`s disappeared up the slippery hole.Declan pumped hard
into Sally`s cunt his own hand searching for Maria`s ass-hole, he found it and
poked it,he was loving every moment he was having with his victim`s,he pulled
Maria round and moved to fuck her ass,the two women carried on kissing each
other,then Declan told Sally to kiss Maria`s ass,she moved out from under her
daughter and started kissing the ass that Declan was fucking,"Sally open your
mouth",she obeyed as he pull out of Maria`s ass and shoved his spurting cock
straight down her throat,holding her head he emptied himself in her,then pushed
her back on the bed,telling Maria to kiss her,he wiped the sweat from his face
and he watched the two women sucking his cum in to their mouth`s.

He decided to have a shower and he ordered them to wash him,when they had he
stood and watched them wash each other,they dried and dressed then went
downstairs and he gave Sally and Maria a baseball bat each then told them a man
would be coming through the door soon,he was a danger and they were to knock him
senseless,he sat back and waited.The Jag purred into the garage and Shaun walked
into the kitchen.He did`nt stand a chance both of them caught him off guard,soon
with blood running down his face he was tied securely to a chair.Declan made the
girls sit on the settee as he sat infront of Shaun,"Hello old man".

Shaun looked at  him with hate in his eye`s,it didn`t bother Declan,"Listen
Shaun you are going to look at this crystal and concentrate,"through gritted
teeth he said,"Like fuck I am,"Declan got up,"O K have it your way,Sally get
your bat and break his right leg,start at the top and work down,don`t stop until
I tell you,"she got up and picked up the bat,then smacked it hard down on his
thigh,"Stop,stop,oh god stop,I,ll do it,"Shaun shouted,Declan stopped Sally,"Sit
down Sally,but keep the bat handy,right Shaun,look at the crystal,"Declan went
into his routine,as much as Shaun fought he was  put under.

Declan leaned back,smiled then untied Shaun ,"Shaun Andrews,"the same monotone
voice said--- "Yes"---Declans hands were wet with sweat,"Do you know Brandies
Corner,"--"Yes"--"You will drive there,when you get one hundred metre`s from the
corner you will accelerate to one hundred and twenty miles per hour,you will
keep up that speed and drive straight until I tell you to turn,do you
understand,"----"Yes"----Sally,Maria go upstairs and pack most of his clothes in
two suitcase`s,bring them and put them in the car,along with his brief
case,cards and some money,Shaun go and sit in the car,"all was done as Declan
said,"Drive Shaun and let nothing stop you",

Declan looked at the two women,he explained that they were going to have some
sad news about some-one and they must be upset,they must call on an old friend
of their`s called Declan Andrew`s he will help you and look after you,your
husband has got a big life insurance----"Yes"---- good, here is how to get in
touch with Declan,you will need no-one else,they must distance themselves from
others,they must need Declan and Sally four weeks after the funeral you must ask
Declan to move in here with you,Maria you will want that too,Declan wasn`t
worried he still had them with the implanted code`s,now we have about a couple
of hours before the shit will hit the fan so why don`t we all go upstairs,you
will take your clothes off,then I will watch Maria shave Sally`s cunt,you will
then both strip me,I will lay on the bed,Sally you will suck my cock until it`s
nice and hard while I play with your newly shaved cunt,then Maria you will sit
on my cock with it up your ass and face away from me,I will let you lay back on
my chest while Sally puts her head between your knees,sucks my balls,licks my
cock as well as putting her tongue up your cunt,then we will take the rest from
there,do you understand,---"YES".


                                                                       PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





