BDSM Library - The Homecoming




The Homecoming
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A night of pleasure upon a lover's return from a business trip.
THE HOMECOMING

"It had been a very long eight days," she thought as she opened the door to her
apartment.  Her immediate focus centered on a soothing bubble bath and what she
felt like would be a three-day nap.  This was her return from a week-long
business trip, and although she had accomplished what she needed, she was indeed
glad to be home.  She noticed right away her kittens hadn't greeted her as was
their usual custom when she arrived home each day.  Further, the entry way light
she had purposely left burning was out, and the apartment was dark, and very
cold.  Just as she was reaching for the light switch, a familiar voice called to
her from the darkened living room. "Don't turn that on just yet."  It was HIM! 
She felt as if a bolt of lightening had struck her body in that place only he
could touch.  She turned and instinctively began to rush toward his silhouette
at the far end of the darkened living room.  "Stop!" he said, in a tone that was
almost a yell.  It startled her, and she knew immediately she must obey.  "But I
need to kiss you," she said using a tone she knew would tell him she wasn't
really in the mood to play tonight. After all, she had been traveling for eight
days, and was desperately in need of rest.  But she knew from the tone of his
voice, rest was not going to be part of the activities tonight, at least not
right away.  "Fine then," he said, "It's your choice.  Come kiss me, and I'll
let you go to bed and see you tomorrow, or you can do as I say, and be very glad
I stayed."   Even before he asked her to decide, she knew what her answer would
be.  "Yes B-" she started to say when he immediately interrupted, startling her
again. "What were you going to call me?" he asked  very seriously, virtually
daring her to be insulant.  "I'm sorry," lowering her head in recognition of her
error.  "Yes Master," she corrected herself.  "That's better," he said, his
voice still stern, but soothing now.  "How can I please you, Master?" she asked
in a submissive, pleading voice. 

"Remove your clothes," was his first order.  "Here or in the bedroom, Master?,"
she asked seeking his direction and approval, her head still bowed submissively. 
"Here," was his reply.  She knew he would be very pleased she had asked him
instead of deciding on her own.  When they played like this, she became very
excited, and even before she began to disrobe, felt the wetness forming between
her legs.  Although very tired, bordering on exhaustion, she knew that when he
was finished with her this evening, she would indeed be glad he had stayed.

She always tried to travel dressed as comfortably as possible, as a result she
feared there would not be much to the undressing ritual.  There would be no sexy
clothes or lingerie tonight.  She would have to use her imagination if she was
going to please her Master.  She wore a light jacket, jeans, sandals that were
easily slipped off on the airplane to allow her to curl up in her seat to read
one of the many books she always carried on long trips, the usual under
garments, and that very special little  white T-shirt.  As she contemplated
undressing for him, her mind drifted back to the first time she remembered
wearing that little white T-shirt in his presence. They had been working late
one evening when she had invited him over to her old apartment.  She couldn't
even remember now what reason he would have had to be in her apartment in the
first place.  It didn't really matter though because he had already made it
clear before then how he felt about her.  He loved her, and had loved her for a
great deal of time.  He had explained that it wasn't something that had happened
overnight, but that over the course of the previous two years, he had developed
an unquenchable longing to touch her face, to smell her hair, and feel her lips
against his. But what he had planned for tonight, she knew, was much more than
simply touching and kissing, and the warmth that ran through her body at the
thought of it made her excitement grow.  Her wetness began to increase as the
memories of that  night six months ago flooded her mind.  It seemed like a
lifetime ago now, but at the same time she felt as if it were only yesterday. 
Many things happened that night, the most notable event however culminated with
her kneeling before him as he sat on the couch, with that little white T-shirt
lifted up to expose her breasts and rock hard nipples.  She couldn't remember
the order of events leading to that position, but vivid  memories of taking his
cock into her mouth and teasing it ever so slightly with her tongue just beneath
and below the head, cascaded through her mind.  Even now when her tongue finds
that special spot on those occasions when she sucks his cock, they are both
instantaneously transported back to that memorable evening in her apartment. 
She remembered how he was unable to take his eyes off her while she pleasured
him orally.   When she looked up at him, her mouth full of his hot flesh, she
could see his mind working a mile a minute in an attempt to make as many mental
images of the scene before him as possible. She recalled how his cock stiffened
harder than she had ever thought conceivable.  She knew she was pleasing him as
low soft groans came from deep within him with every caress of her lips and
tongue.  To ensure his shaft was sufficiently lubricated, she ran her tongue
from the base of his cock, right near his balls, all the way to the tip of the
head, making sure she left behind a thick trail of saliva she would use to
stroke him.  It must have been effective, because after that night he would
often comment on the extremely high quality of her hand jobs. She began stroking
him slowly at first and at the same time twisting her hand in half-circular
motions as it moved up and down his rigid shaft.  Each time her hand rose to the
top of his cock at the end of each stroke, she rubbed her thumb firmly across
the head, sending him into near convulsions. It wasn't long before his hips
began to move forward to meet the downward motion of her hand. Responding to his 
movements, she began to stroke him faster and with a steady, more definite
rhythm,  occasionally pausing only long enough to run her tongue up and down the
length of his shaft to ensure an adequate supply saliva  was applied to his
already slippery cock.  As he neared the point of no return, she arched her
back, pushing her breasts close to his throbbing shaft, and touched the bulging
head of his cock to her right breast, moving it in circular motions over her
nipple,  leaving behind a slippery film of cum.  The sensation of the slick
smooth head of his firm cock sliding  across her erect nipple elicited sounds of
unmistakable  pleasure from deep within her.  The combination of her skilled
hand, her eager mouth, her soft tongue, and what she called her "yummy sounds,"
brought forth an incredible explosion of cum from deep within his swollen balls
that drenched her breasts completely. He immediately fell back on the couch,
near unconsciousness, his breathing labored and erratic.  She  knelt before him
for a few moments after, admiring the thick cum on her tits, and enjoying its
distinct smell.  After she finished, they both laughed, maybe a little
nervously, and she disappeared to clean herself up.  They would talk about that
night on many occasions after that.  The conversation would  ultimately turn to
that little white T-shirt, and how she had pulled it up to reveal her soft white
breasts and firm pink nipples.   The little white T-shirt became an instant
favorite of his, and hers as well.   

She snapped herself back to the present.  This wasn't her old place.  This was
the new apartment, and it was cold and dark. Further, her Master would require
every bit of attention she could muster. Because she knew how much he enjoyed
watching her  undress, she decided to make the transition from travel casual to
nothing but skin as erotic and pleasurable for him as she possibly could.  She
could see him clearly now. Not only had her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting,
he had also moved about the room lighting several candles during their short
conversation.  Because she had gotten lost in the memory of that little white
T-shirt, she hadn't even noticed he had placed a few of the candles near her so
her soon-to-be naked body would be fully visible to him.  She knew he took
immense pleasure simply from the sight of her naked body.  He made a practice of
telling her daily her body was the most beautiful he had ever seen.  Because of
the way he always said it, she knew he meant it. 

To intensify the experience, she decided not to take her eyes off him during the
undressing process.  She purposefully locked her eyes onto his.  Her eyes were
beautiful, and she knew it.  They were a combination of hazel, gold, and brown,
and had the ability to see right through to a person's soul.  He loved her eyes,
and she knew that too. 

The sandals were the first to come off.  She placed the heel of her right sandal
against the toe of her left, sliding her foot backward ever so slowly.  She
arched her back slightly and moved her hips to one side in an obvious effort to
dramatize what would otherwise be a mundane act.  She knew it was working
because she could see  his eyes widen in the candle light, even from far across
the room.  She then repeated the act with the other sandal, only this time, it
was her bare foot, or more specifically, her perfectly pedicured toes that she
used to stop the sandal from sliding as she gracefully removed it from her foot. 
He had now positioned himself on her ottoman, about ten feet from her.  She
couldn't help notice he was repositioning himself in an obvious attempt to
compensate for what she knew was his rapidly stiffening cock inside his pants. 
She decided then that she was going to enjoy this very much, as would he.

The next item to go was the jacket.  Instead of taking it off one sleeve at a
time, she pushed her shoulders back, grabbing the jacket at the lapels and
pulling it back off her shoulders.  This action caused her to arch her back
severely, pushing her breasts forward toward him.  At the same time, she tilted
her head back slightly, opened her mouth ever so slightly and ran her tongue
slowly across her upper lip.  At the same time she made a soft, but audible
"uummmmmm" sound.   He was leaning forward now, fixated on her.  She knew he
would reward her generously for this display.  The jacket slid gently to her
hands where she dropped it on the floor behind her.  "What would she remove
next?" she wondered.  She settled on her bra. Because she had selected it for
traveling, it was not a lacy one like the ones she normally wore when she
selected her clothing with his pleasure in mind every morning.  With a little
maneuvering, she was able to unhook the bra while still wearing her shirt. 
Pulling one strap down each arm allowed her to eventually let the white cotton
under garment fall to the floor in front of her.  Because the little white
T-shirt was very thin, he now had a very nice view of just how hard her nipples
had gotten during the course of the exercise.  Just for good measure, she ran
her hands up her sides, stopping at her breasts, cupping each one in her hands
and finally brushing her fingers across both nipples, causing her to shudder
with pleasure.  She could see in his eyes that he was beside himself with
pleasure at her display.  He had always been pleased with her, and she loved to
please him, especially now since she had been away for so long.  Next would be
the jeans.  She turned around, her back toward him, making sure her eyes never
left him as she gazed back at him over her shoulder.  First unfastening the
button and then the zipper made the pants loose enough to slide over the gentle
curves of her round soft hips.  Bending forward and away from him, being careful
to keep him in her sight, she pushed the jeans down, exposing her firm round
ass. She heard him as he took in a very deep breath and held it.  As usual, she
was wearing a thong, and as a result, he was able to see everything.  He had
always told her how much he enjoyed her beautiful ass, and she was certain he
was enjoying it now because he had moved off the ottoman and was kneeling on the
floor directly behind her. The jeans slid to her ankles where she gently stepped
out of them and kicked them toward the front door and out of the way. Although
it was cold in the apartment, she was beginning to feel very warm, even though
she was now almost totally naked.   

Without the slightest hesitation, and with a smooth fluid movement, she bent
forward again and slid her already moist thong off her hips and over her ass in
the same fashion.  However, instead of kicking them out of the way she removed
them from around her feet, she turned around and handed them to him.  He
instinctively raised them to his face and took in her scent with a long, almost
endless, breath.  He had always loved the way she smelled, and tasted for that
matter.  Now all she had on was the little white T-shirt.  There was no sense in
delaying it any longer, neither of them could wait another minute to have all
her clothes removed, to have her beautiful body fully exposed in the flickering
candle light. With one smooth motion she pulled the shirt over her head and
dropped it to the floor directly in front of him.  Now that she was fully nude,
she wondered what he had in store for her.  Hundreds of thoughts raced through
her mind, replaying virtually every time they had made love in the past six
months.  Each time had been more spectacular than the last, drawing them closer
and closer togther, eliminating any boundary that existed between them, sexual
and otherwise.  When they made love, no one else existed in their world.  There
were no inhibitions, and they shared with each other their deepest, most erotic
fantasies. It amazed her, even now, that most of those fantasies had already
come to fruition.  As all they had shared together raced through her mind, she
could feel her wetness begin to run down each thigh as the warmth between her
legs began to grow.  Her nipples began to tingle from their hardness, as well. 
She felt as though her memories would be all that was needed to make her cum,
but she knew he had more planned for her than a trip down memory lane.  Tonight
they would make new memories, good memories, erotic memories.  Her body trembled
at the thought.  "Do you want to go to sleep now?" he asked.  "No, Master," she
responded without even thinking.  "What can I do to please you?" she asked,
knowing full well he would know just how to direct her.  "This is where the real
fun begins," she thought as he raised up from his kneeling position and looked
deeply into her eyes.

The look in his eyes and the intensity of his expression frightened her, but at
the same time caused  every part of her body to throb with anticipation and
desire.  She knew tonight that even more boundaries would be crossed, deeper
ones, darker ones.  Again, the thought of crossing those boundaries frightened
her, but she trusted him without question.  She would follow his every command. 
In an effort to savor the moment, she began to take mental notes of the events
thus far.  She closed her eyes as he circled around her.  She could smell his
cologne, cologne she had given him as a gift to keep at her place for the nights
he stayed over.  She could feel his hands coming very close to her skin, but not
touching.  The sensation was almost too much to take.  She could feel the
electricity between his fingers and her nipples as his hand passed slowly by her
breasts, stopping momentarily, as if he couldn't decide if they need to be
touched yet or not.  To her amazement her nipples hardened even more than they
already had.  His hand moved slowly toward her already wet pussy, and lightly
stroked the neatly trimmed pubic hairs.  With this she let out a barely audible
squeal of delight as her body was set on fire at the thought of his touch.  "Who
told you to make any noise?," he snapped.  She knew not to answer, and took in a
quick breath in order to silence her "yummy sounds."  He continued circling her,
passing his hands closer and closer to her body.  She felt as if she would
explode just from the feel of the air that moved across her skin as his hands
passed so closely to her already goose bump covered skin.  She could feel now
that he was leaning in toward her.  She could hear him taking in  her scent with
very deep, deliberate, slow breaths.  His mouth and nose passed across the back
of her neck which was bare due to the fact she always wore her hair in a clip
when she traveled.  His hot breath sent shivers down her back ending up in
strong tingling sensations in both cheeks of her ass. This sensation caused her
hips to rotate slightly and a shiver to run through her entire body.  When her
hips moved, she felt just how wet her pussy was.  The slippery sliding motion of
her pussy caused by the rotation of her hips made her clit to stand at
attention. To recreate the sensation, she began making small circular grinding
motions with her hips.  He stopped her immediately.  "Who told you to move?" he
demanded in a low calm voice.  She  stopped instinctively.  In a soft voice she
pleaded, almost begged, "Please touch me!" wondering if he would be displeased
she broke the silence.   "Very well,"  he said, 'You've been a good girl so
far," he added.  "Go to the bedroom and wait." 

With his order to retire to what they jokingly referred to as the "bat cave,"
her walk quickly transformed into a full out run as she bounced through the
dining room, turned sharply left into her bedroom, and dove onto the bed.  Her
head swam wildly as she tried to imagine the pleasure he would give her as a
reward for her obedience.  She nuzzled her face in the soft comforter and when
she lifted her head  noticed the room was almost fully lit with candles.  This
didn't surprise her because they had always enjoyed lovemaking to candle light. 
Even more since her sister had given her a variety of very nice, long burning
candles recently.  She could also see her toys had been laid out very neatly on
a chest upon which she normally kept her family pictures.  But the pictures were
nowhere to be seen, and in their place were the instruments of pleasure they had
learned to use together.  Each one had been a gift from him: soft black
restraints for her wrists, a mink lined blindfold and stainless steel nipple
clamps connected to each other by a chain.  The thought of using the clamps
tonight on her erect nipples caused her to squirm with excitement as she rolled
back and forth enjoying the soft feel of her comforter.  In addition to the
clamps, blindfold and restraints  were other items such as the soft black nylon
ropes they used when he felt the need to restrain her, and various electric toys
and beads.  She was ready for him to use all of them.  Most of all, however, she
was ready for that spanking he had promised upon her return.  He had purchased a
short black leather multi-tentacled whip from a local adult toy store called the
Erotic Cabaret some time ago.  He had spent the past few months making an art of
using it on her soft ass, thighs, and tits.  She especially loved it when he
teased her nipples with it, dragging it back and forth across her bare chest,
causing her to writhe in pleasure.  She hoped he would do it again tonight.  He
had wanted to give her a spanking before she left, but she had refused to accept
it.  Because of her refusal, she knew he would make her pay for her
disobedience.  Although she was a little afraid of how sever the spanking might
be, she looked forward to it.  She hoped he had not forgotten his promise to
punish her on her return.  He thoughts suddenly returned to the toys because
there was something else on the chest she did not recognize.  It was hidden
under a towel.  She wondered what it was, but resisted the urge to look because
it was obvious he wanted it to be a surprise. 

When he arrived in the room a few minutes later, he had in his hand a very large
glass of wine.  He handed it to her, and motioned for her to drink.  She took a
small sip, and started to place the glass on the mirrored headboard when he
stopped her.  "Drink it all, right now," he ordered, knowing he wouldn't have to
say it again.  She eagerly drank,  raising the glass higher and higher until her
head was fully tilted back and the wine ad disappeared into her belly.  He
watched her intently as she drank, admiring her from head to toe.  A glass of
wine always took the edge off for her, and he liked her with the edge off.  He
took the glass from her hand and placed it on the dresser across the room. 
While he dealt with the empty glass, she leaned forward resting with her hands
in front of her,  kneeling on the bed, her legs spread wide.  She looked down
between her legs and saw that her thighs were already drenched with her own
juices.  He saw her admiring herself and instructed her to touch herself.  She
didn't even have to ask where.  Her right hand slid slowly  up her thigh to her
pussy.  She slid her middle fingers straight up the center, starting at the
bottom, near her ass, and  stopping slightly at her clit where she pressed a
little harder for her own edification.  The sensation caused her to take a few
quick breaths, her way of keeping the "yummy sounds" inside.  She felt her
nipples harden, and that familiar and welcome arousing sensation between legs
began to swell.  She wanted him right now, but knew he would make her wait. 
"Are you excited?" he asked.  "Yes, Master," she answered immediately.  "Show
me," he ordered.  She slowly raised her hand toward him, revealing her
glistening fingers.  Without hesitation, he bent forward taking her fingers in
his warm mouth.  Her two middle fingers slid between his lips and stopped just
as they reached his tongue.  She could feel his tongue circle her fingers
eagerly, taking in her flavor.  His eyes closed tightly, and he made a "yummy
noise" himself, "mmmm."    The feeling of his tongue along with his "yummy
sound" caused her entire body to begin quaking uncontrollably.  She felt as if
she were going to cum right then, but knew she must wait for him.  He abruptly
stood back up, causing  her fingers to slip suddenly out of his warm, wet mouth. 
He was smiling now, unable to conceal his pleasure. "Are you ready to begin?,"
he asked, knowing full well they had already begun.  "Yes, Master," she said
deliberately, in a semi-raised voice.  "Very well then," he said, "We will be
begin."

"Yes, oh yes, I am ready, Master!" she repeated eagerly over and over again as
he moved toward her. "My God, you're beautiful," he told her as he leaned
forward and whispered in her ear.  "Remember that I love you and would never
hurt you," he said sweetly, softly, assuringly.  She noted a  slight tremble in
his voice.  At that moment, she felt just how much he did love her.  The thought
of the immensity of his feelings for her almost made her weep with joy. 
However, the weeping would have to wait for the pleasure, and what was sure to
be some pain, to end.  There was always some weeping afterward from the
emotional and physical exhaustion they both suffered as a result of their play.
She knew tonight would be no different. She knew it was going to be special. 
After all, since that night six months ago, they had not been separated for such
an extended period of time.  In fact, being apart for just a span of a few 
hours caused each of them to undergo tremendous separation  anxiety.  This
separation had been for eight agonizing days.  They had a lot of catching up to
do, and she could tell by the look in his eyes and his tone of voice he intended
to do just that, and then some.

The first order of business would be the spanking she had refused to take before
her departure.  Without uttering a word, he set about positioning her on the bed
to receive her punishment.  Because she knew she had been disobedient, she did
not resist.  Again, the thought of how severe the spanking might be frightened
her terribly, but at the same time caused her body to feel alive with
electricity.  Her crotch was already throbbing and her nipples were tingling
almost to the point of discomfort.  She wanted his stiff hard cock inside her
pussy now.  But she knew the anticipation would make it feel so much better when
he finally allowed himself to enter her.  Her juices were flowing uncontrollably
now and goose bumps covered her entire body.  Her breathing was quick and
shallow.  She could hardly stand it.  "FUCK ME, FUCK ME NOW!," she screamed as
loud as she could in her mind.  She began rocking slightly back and forth as if
he were standing behind her with his dick buried deep inside her.   He had
positioned her at the edge of the bed on all fours with her knees barely on the
edge causing her feet to hang over the side.  He gently pushed her knees apart,
and when he did his hand slid up her thigh and stopped momentarily to survey her
wetness with his fingers. His fingers slipped easily in and out of her. His
other hand effortlessly found her clit and began rubbing it in gentle circular
motions.  Her rocking became more exaggerated. She bit her lip to keep from
uttering any sounds without his permission. She could feel it, she was going to
cum right now if she didn't focus on something else.  He thoughts raced,
searching for something to quench that growing swell of orgasm that started deep
inside her loins and culminated in and explosions of warmth and wetness between
her legs.  She began asking herself questions to distract her attention from his
touch and the impending result.  He would not tolerate her cumming without his
permission.  "How many days was I gone?," she asked herself. "Eight!," she
answered quickly.  "How many hours in a day?"...."24!"  She quickly began doing
the arithmetic, "8 x 24 = 196!", she arrived at what she believed to be the
correct answer, although it didn't matter really, the almost certain orgasm was
subsiding. "Whew, that was close," she thought, breathing an audible sigh of
relief as his hands withdrew from between her legs.  While she continued doing
her mental gymnastics in an effort to calm herself,  he retrieved her nipple
clamps from the display on the chest. 

Because she was so close to one edge of the bed, he had to slide himself toward
her from the other side of the bed in order to apply the clamps to her plump
stiff  nipples.  He moved across the bed, positioning himself directly in front
of her. His hand rose to her chin gently pushing up so he would have adequate
access to her waiting, erect, and very sensitive  nipples. He rested himself on
his elbows and prepared to attach the instruments of erotic torture.  Even
thought the clamps were probably the most painful thing he would do to her
tonight, she knew he could tell she wanted them applied.  Her breathing had
become more deliberate as he approached, more audible and she arched her back
pushing her tits closer to him.  He made another "yummy sound," "mmmmmmmmm," he
groaned softly at the sight of her beautiful round breasts.  She didn't believe
he meant for her to hear his moan, but she did.  His groan almost sent her over
the edge again.  Throughout the course of their relationship, they had taken to
referring to her breasts as the "girls"  and  even named them appropriately
"Lefty" and "Righty."  Righty would have the first honors tonight, and
rightfully so since she was the most sensitive of the two.  She was the nipple
he bit to provide that extra sensation that allowed her to reach orgasm on those
occasions when  he stroked her clit with his finger.  He slid the retaining ring
on one of the clamps back in order to open it wide enough to fit around her
swollen  nipple.  The soft rubber pads on the end brushed either side of the
nipple as he pushed the ends of the clamp around it.  The sensation sent waves
of pleasure pulsating through her entire body.  Her knees weakened and she half
collapsed on the bed.  His hand gently rose to her chin again and guided her
back to the original position.  He ducked his head and leaned under her again so
he could tighten the clamp.  He usually tightened it slowly, but this time did
not.  He quickly and without warning pushed the retaining ring completely up the
shaft of the clamp until it would go no farther.  She involuntarily screamed
with a mixture of extreme pain and unparalleled pleasure.  She struggled to
catch her breath as her entire body shook violently.  Her hips began to swivel
and thrust back and forth, as if she were  wildly fucking an imaginary cock. She
was afraid he would be disappointed she had broken her silence, but he simply
chuckled to himself as she tried to maintain her position in the face of the
uncontrolled convulsions racing through her now sensitized body.   Now, it was
Lefty's turn.  She tried to prepare herself for what she knew was coming.
However, he did not repeat the exercise exactly.  This time, before applying the
clamp, he turned over on his back and positioned his mouth directly beneath
Lefty.  She lowered her head slightly so she could observe him.  His chin tilted
back, and his tongue emerged from his mouth, reaching for her hard nipple.  She
bent her arms slightly, lowering herself toward him.  For what seemed like an
eternity, his skillful tongue teased and played with Lefty as her hips bucked
wildly behind her.  She realized that if she moved her hips a certain way, the
lips of her drenched pussy rubbed against her erect clit just right.  He began
tugging on the chain attached to the clamp now pinching Righty.  The combination
of his tongue, the tension on Righty and her autoerotic movements brought her
back to the brink of orgasm with a feeling of pleasure she had never before
experienced.  Her head flew back, her eyes closed, and she took a deep breath in
order to savor the moment.  She screamed again, this time even louder because as
soon as she had looked away, he swiftly applied the remaining clamp, even
tighter than the other.  The pain almost caused her fall on top of him, but she
surprisingly maintained her composure.  "I WANT TO CUM!", she repeated over and
over in her mind.  But she knew it would be a while yet before he would permit
it.  Even though she so desperately wanted to cum, she was not entirely
frustrated by his unwillingness to permit it.  After all, she was experiencing
more pleasure than she had ever experienced before.  And she knew he would let
her cum eventually.  She could, and would, take all he had to give.

He removed himself from under her and returned to the other side and positioned
himself behind her.  Her ass was now in full view.  He could also see her pussy,
which was now dripping constantly.  She was kneeling on the bed facing the chest
where toys were displayed when she immediately noticed the little whip was gone. 
Almost instantaneously heard it, "CRACK!", the sound of the whip striking the
soft white skin of her perfect ass was piercing.  At first the origin of the
sound did not register, but almost immediately an extreme stinging sensation
emerged as he repeatedly swung the multi-tentacled  whip, finding its mark each
time.  The pain by itself would have been unbearable, but the sensation she was
experiencing in her pussy produced by the rotation of her hips transformed what
should have been a painful experience into one of extreme pleasure.  She knew
her ass was turning cherry red by this time, but she hoped he would not stop. If
only he would keep this up for a few more minutes, she would cum and it wouldn't
be her fault.  Almost as soon as she thought she might cum, he stopped, as if he
could read her mind.  Somehow she had managed to keep silent during the initial
spanking.  However, her silence would not last much longer.  No sooner had he
stopped with the whip, he continued the spanking with his bare hand.  She did
not like for him to leave marks on her ass, and usually he complied with this
wish.  However this time she knew he did not care if he left them.  In fact, it
seemed as if he were purposely trying to leave behind significant evidence of
this spanking.  "SLAP!", she was surprised by this swat because it was harder
than he had ever spanked her before. "SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!"  The
intensity of the spanking was outweighed only by the pleasure it gave her.  Her
thighs were on fire.  She lowered her head and looked underneath herself and
could see the juices dripping directly from her pussy into an already growing
wet spot on the bed below.  Additionally, her thighs were covered in her own
wetness. The motions she had been making with her hips were automatic now.  The
harder he spanked, the more her hips rotated.  Her movements caused the chain
connecting the nipple clamps to swing, the weight of which pulled Lefty and
Righty back and forth. It was more than she could bare.  She decided to give in,
no matter what the consequence.  "Two more times!", she thought, "Then I'll
cum."  As soon as she decided to give in, he immediately stopped again and
backed away from her, leaving her kneeling on all fours, hips swiveling madly,
and her body quaking uncontrollably.  This was sheer torture.  "MAKE ME CUM
NOW!", she screamed at the top of her mental voice.  But she knew he would not. 
Not yet, that is.

He walked around the bed to the chest where the toys were laid out.  He bent
down, reaching for the towel covering the "new toy."  She stretched out her neck
in an attempt to see around him, to get a view of whatever it was he was
retrieving. Her curiosity and excitement were almost maddening.  Suddenly he
turned, and in his hand was a black, leather-covered paddle.  He showed it to
her, displaying it proudly.  On one side of the paddle was smooth leather, on
the other were hundreds of tiny rubber spikes.  She took a deep breath and
wondered which side of the paddle he would use first because the spiked side
scared her.  "Whack!" she was fairly certain it was the smooth side.  Her hips
began to move uncontrollably again, faster and faster with each painful, but
pleasure filled, swat of the  new toy.  Just when the combination of the paddle
and hip motions were about to make her cum, he stopped and rubbed the paddle in
gentle  circular motion across the entire surface of her now bright red ass
cheeks.  They were on fire, as were her pussy and nipples.  Just when she felt
as if she might not cum, "WHACK!" again.  This time she knew it was the spiked
side of the paddle.  The pain was exquisite!  She stuck her ass out even
farther, signaling him she wanted more. Shuddering moans came from a place deep
inside her she never knew existed.  It was clear he was not going to stop this
time until she came.  "WHACK!, WHACK!, WHACK!, over and over again.  The
sensation deep inside her  was still building, but already past the point of no
return.  Balancing herself on one hand, she grabbed the chain between the nipple
clamps and pulled as hard as she could possibly stand.  The explosion of cum,
pain, pleasure, and convulsions that followed seemed to be an accumulation of
every orgasm he had ever given her.  The forced of the climax slammed her into
the bed.  To her surprise, the "hang time" of the orgasm was amazing, she was
still cumming a full minute later, and he had not stopped spanking her.  Even
more amazing to her was that her grip on the nipple clamp chain had tightened,
she pulled harder, stretching her nipples as far as they would stretch.  Her
pussy exploded again, taking her to indescribable heights of ecstacy.  As the
feeling slowly subsided, she curled up in a fetal position on the bed trying to
catch her breath as waves of pleasure pulsated through her body.  Tears were
streaming down her face. Her body was quaking uncontrollably.  She felt as if
she would simply die right then and there, but didn't care.  In her weakened
state, she turned her head just enough to get a look at him.  There he was, just
standing there with a wicked grin on his face.  She had pleased him, and she
knew it.  Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she began to drift into what
could only be described as an orgasm-induced coma.  As everything began to turn
dark, she felt as if her body had been lifted off the bed and become 
weightless.  She suddenly realized that she was being transported to that place
the two of them  referred to as the "Nexus," that special place only he had
taken her.  In the Nexus, she was happy, satisfied, and at total peace. Nothing
else existed in the Nexus except her, her Master, and the pleasure he gave her.  
As unconsciousness overcame her, she wondered to herself, "Is he finished.....?"

When she was able to open her eyes again, she immediately looked at the clock on
her dresser.  To her surprise, she had only been home from the airport
approximately an hour and a half.  Quickly  rehearsing the earlier events in her
mind, she calculated  she had been asleep for about a half an hour.  This meant
the undressing and spanking had only lasted about an hour.  She quickly
concluded that he definitely was not finished with her yet.  But where was he?  

"Sleep well?" he suddenly asked, startling her.  He had moved the rocker from
the living room to the end of the bed and had apparently been watching her as
she slept.  He had taken the small soft green blanket she kept at the foot of
the bed and covered her with it to keep her warm as he observed her during her
slumber.  He had told her on many occasions he had made a hobby of simply
looking at her, even before that night six months ago.  It seems he was still in
perfecting the art.  He was naked now, and his tanned hand had a tight grip on
his rigid cock as he slowly stroked himself.  She knew he had been stroking
himself as she laid sleeping.  The thought of him pleasuring himself while
watching her sleep caused her to tingle all over.  "I can't believe it's only
been such a short time since I came home.  I feel like I've been asleep for
hours." she answered.  "Good," he said, "You're going to need your strength." 
He then instructed her to sit up in bed and remove the blanket so he could see
her beautiful body again.  She immediately complied.  Even though she had
experienced the most mind altering orgasm possible just thirty minutes ago, she
was ready to go again, but this time she knew he would cum too.  As she sat up
in bed, the candle light flickered and reflected off every inch of her
glistening skin.  She was indeed beautiful, and, he believed, a prize worthy of
worship.  As he stared at her, he began to stroke his cock rhythmically again,
using slightly more force than he had been when she first awoke.  She could see
a small drop of cum glistening on the tip of the  swollen head of his dick.  He
then spread his legs in order to allow her to see him better as he continued to
jack off.  At the same time he lightly stroked his balls with his other hand. 
She knew the combination of the two activities were causing him to experience a
tingling sensation deep within his groin.  She could also hear his soft moans as
their eyes fixed on each other.  She immediately felt a rush of wetness come
from between her legs.  That warm familiar sensation caused her to want him
inside her, and soon. 

He pointed to the corners of the bed.  It was only then she realized how busy he
had been while she slept.  The soft black nylon ropes had been securely anchored
to the four corners of the bed.  The familiar loops were placed neatly on each
corner.  He motioned for her to put her hands and feet in each loop
respectively.  She immediately complied.  When she was spread eagle on the bed,
he finally loosened his grip on his cock, and moved toward the bed. 

He had always been very handy with ropes and knots.  She knew he had been a Boy
Scout at one time, and almost laughed out loud at the thought of how horrified
his scoutmaster would be to see his skills put to this particular use.  He moved
toward her and placed a small throw pillow under her ass to increase the angle
of her pussy, allowing him easier access to her.  Then, with a few quick jerks
of the cords, she was stretched across the bed, barely able to wiggle at all.  
I'm going to cum three times before I let you go," he said.  "Once in your
mouth, once in your pussy, and then finally in your ass. You may cum with me
when I come in your ass, but not before.  Do you understand?" It was more of an
order than a question.  "Yes, Master," she softly replied.  She was eager for
him to begin.  She was hungry for the taste of his cum, the feel of his
throbbing cock in her tight pussy, and the sensation of his release in her ass
as she came.  He was really going to reward her this time.  "Maybe I should go
away more often?" she pondered, and just as quickly dismissed the thought.  No
matter how good the reunion sex was, it did not compare to the joy they
experienced from simply being a part of each other's everyday lives.  "I won't
take long to cum in your mouth," he said, adding that it was likely to be a
large amount, seeing as he had not cum in eight days.  He usually came every
day.  She saw to that.  He warned her of the impending volume of cum so she
could prepare herself to take the entire warm, sticky load down her throat. 
"What will you do with it when I give you my cum?" he asked.  "Swallow
it....every drop...gladly, Master," she answered.  She meant every word.  She
was ready.

He began by kneeling beside her on the bed, taking his cock in his hand and
stroking it gently.  He made sure to squeeze the shaft tightly as his hand rose
to the top of his cock, ensuring that a generous supply of cum would be present
when he touched her mouth with the head of his dick for the first  time.  She
could see the cum forming on the end of his engorged cock, and squirmed with
pleasure as her willing mouth instinctively moved toward him.  She stuck out her
slender tongue and met the tip of his cock immediately.  What had now become a
large drop of cum on the tip of his dick transferred immediately to her tongue. 
Her eyes closed as she took the cum into her mouth to savor the flavor of her
master's juices.  The effect caused her to gasp in order to catch her breath. 
She wanted all of his cum, and she wanted it now.  Without mercy, he placed his
hand on the back of her head and simultaneously shoved his cock into her waiting
mouth.  Her tongue immediately found that spot she had discovered on the special
night in her apartment six months previous.  He was right, she knew it wouldn't
take long, he was excited to the point of no return already.  He began thrusting
harder and deeper as he neared orgasm.  She felt every muscle associated with
his cock tighten.  The head swelled even more than it had already. He plunged
deep into the back of her throat, arched his back, grabbed two handfuls of her
beautiful dark hair, and released more cum than she would ever have believed
possible.  His long slow plunges into her warm wet mouth turned into short jerky
motions as he tried to catch his breath and maintain balance at the same time. 
Each jerk supplied that much more cum to the already immense load she had just
taken.  In the past she had some problems swallowing large loads of cum, but not
this time.  Her body began convulsing as she greedily slurped every drop he
could give her. She pulled helplessly at the restraints, trying with all her
might to grab his cock with her hands.  Even after his balls had been drained,
she tried to milk his shaft for more with her mouth and lips, savoring each
precious drop.  Her tongue instinctively found that special spot again, but the
extreme sensitivity was more than he could bear.  He collapsed on the bed beside
her, his head near her feet, laying on his side facing her.  Her tongue searched
the inside of her mouth for every drop of his juice she could find. She was
unwilling to let the flavor of his cum go so quickly.  In her desire to hold
onto the moment, she gazed at his spent body as he laid beside her.  She noticed
tiny spasms running through him.  Even though she was tightly bound, she  had a
perfect view of  his cock. It was glistening with a combination of her saliva
and his cum.  It was still as hard as it had been all evening and the throbbing
caused it to bounce  up and down with every small convulsion he experienced. 
The sight of his swaying cock made her want him inside her.  She knew that once
he was inside her, it would take a while for him to cum again because of the
magnitude of his first climax. 

Surprisingly, it was only moments before his hot sweaty body was on top of her,
pressing down in an effort to touch as much of her skin with his as possible. 
She took in as much of his scent as she could with long deep breaths.  She loved
the feel and smell of her Master, but because she was still bound, she was
unable to take him in her arms, although she wanted to very badly.  He pushed
himself up off her body with his strong arms and placed his hands next to her
shoulders.  They stared deeply into one another's eyes, and as they did, his
cock probed the exterior of her pussy with the aid of small back and forth
movements of his hips.  The still wet head of his cock rubbed gently against her
engorged clit.  She was unbelievably wet.  Her thighs were slippery from her own
juices, and she laid in a virtual puddle of her own cum. The rubbing motion of
his cock against her clit was enough to bring her a climax by itself, but she
knew he would forbid it until he was buried deep in her ass.  The anticipation
of cumming again was tremendous. She could barely contain herself. He rubbed his
cock against her clit for what seemed like an eternity before pulling his hips
back, a motion that  allowed his shaft to slide down her and find its mark.  She
knew how much he enjoyed the initial penetration into her wetness, and decided
to tighten her muscles as forcefully as she could so there would be as much
resistence as possible.  He felt her tighten up and responded with a very low,
but audible, "mmmmmmm."  With this, he pushed as hard as he could, ramming his
cock as deep into her pussy as possible, where he immediately ceased all
movement.  They both took very deep breaths and held them.  "This is where he
belongs," she thought to herself.  She could feel his shaft flexing within her,
causing his swollen head to rub that special spot deep inside only he had ever
touched.  Without realizing it, her hips began to rock.  With every rock of her
hips, he responded with a slight pumping motion in return, burying himself
deeper and deeper within her with every small thrust.  At first, the thrusts
were short, but soon became longer and longer until they equaled the full length
of his cock.  He was still pushed up on his hands in order to allow himself full
view of her body.  As the thrusts became longer and longer, he moved his hands
down her body, closer to her hips, in order to give himself a view of his dick
sliding  in and out of her hot, wet pussy.  He always liked to see himself
sliding in and out of her, and as soon as he got a full view of his cock as well
as her cunt, his thrusting became faster and more forceful.  He was really
enjoying himself now.  Even though he was pounding her furiously, he was not
even close to cumming.  He had the ability to ride her as long as he liked, and
this was just fine with her.  Just out of curiosity, she looked at the clock and
marked the time in her mind to see how long he would fuck her before he would
give her more of his wonderful cum.  She always loved to feel him cum inside
her, and he liked to do it.  He had told her it made him feel special to leave a
part of himself inside her after they made love. She agreed.  She then closed
her eyes, turned her head to one side, and began to moan uncontrollably with
every thrust of his cock,  pulling helplessly against the restraints he had so
skillfully applied.  She could actually feel her wetness flowing down the crack
of her ass, and took pleasure in the slippery feeling of her cheeks sliding
against each other with every powerful thrust of her Master's rock hard cock. 
He was making solid and systematic contact with the special spot deep inside,
and she feared she would cum if he did not cum himself, and soon.  She began to
buck her hips against his thrusts wildly.  He met her hips with more and more
pressure each time, slamming the bulbous head of his dick into that special spot
harder and harder each time.  "Oh my God!," she thought to herself, "I'm going
to cum if he doesn't right now!"  With that thought, she tightened her pussy as
tight as she could, pushed her hips as far up as possible and  pulled against
her restraints to gain more leverage, meeting his thrust with as much force as
she could manage.  Instantaneously, he exploded inside her.  His head flew back,
his back arched, and he let out the longest deepest and loudest moan she had
ever heard.  She could feel his hot sticky cum filling her, and was amazed at
the amount considering the volume of his first load which was now deep in her
belly.  His body instantly broke out in a heavy sweat as he collapsed on top of
her.  She glanced at the clock again......it had been over forty-five minutes
since he mounted her.  "Amazing," she said out loud, fortunately he did not hear
her.  She was proud of herself for not cumming, but couldn't wait until he would
give her permission to do so. He laid on top of her motionless for another five
minutes before she could actually tell he was still alive.  His cock never
softened though, and as he rolled off her, he slid out of her causing his cum to
spill down her ass.  They had definitely made a mess this time, and it wasn't
over yet. 

He laid beside her for a few minutes before silently excusing himself from the
room.  She was ready to cum now, and wondered if he could manage a third time
himself.  Her mind drifted back to the times he would cum as much as seven times
in a twenty-four hour period.  A smile crept across her face, she pulled against
her restraints and felt safe in the knowledge he would perform as fabulously as
he always did.  She knew he could do it.  She knew he would do it.

He hadn't made a sound when he returned to the bedroom, and it startled her when
she noticed him standing beside the bed staring down at her.  In his hand was a
jar of Body Butter, the cream they used for anal lubrication.  She knew
instantly they wouldn't need it because his cock was still erect and slippery
and her ass was covered in his cum as well.  It could only mean he was going to
use a toy first. Her ass tightened and her nipples tingled at the thought of
what he was going to do to her. He put the jar of cream on the mirrored
headboard and bent over to loosen her restraints.  When she was free, he again
positioned her at the edge of the bed in the same manner he had during the
spanking earlier in the evening.  He positioned himself behind her, gently
touching the soft smooth surface of her ass.  Her cheeks were still red from the
generous paddling he had given her.  There would be marks, and for some time. 
The thought of seeing the marks on her ass over the next week or so pleased him
greatly.  His hands caressed her round ass, occasionally sliding his finger
between her cheeks, stopping to probe her entry momentarily as he passed causing
her hips to swivel each time he did so.  She also began to moan.  He liked to
hear her make those types of sounds, and was prompted by them to probe deeper. 
He stopped once again at the entry to her ass and gently slid a finger in, his
middle finger. She shrieked with pleasure.  He began thrusting it in and out in
a slow rhythmic motion, twisting it back in forth  at the same time.   As he did
this, she began rocking gently back in forth to meet his small thrusts.  The
rocking motion caused the chain between the nipple clamps to begin to sway.  Her
nipples were now as sensitive as they had ever been.  Each sway sent waves of
pleasure radiating throughout her already throbbing body.  As she rocked away
from him and pushed back, he took the opportunity to insert another finger.  The
transition was seamless.  She noticed only the increased pressure in her ass
from the extra finger, nothing else.  He was definitely skilled.  She pushed
back harder against his fingers as his thrusting motions increased in intensity. 
He then inserted yet another finger.  The response was the same, but the 
intensity increased exponentially with the addition of the third finger.  She
could have cum from just being fucked in the ass with his fingers, but knew he
wanted her to wait until his  cock was buried deep inside her hot, wet ass. She
was getting close to cumming again, and as she was considering what action to
take to avoid an orgasm, he gently slid his fingers out of her ass. "Whew!", she
thought, "That was close."  It was then she heard it, the gentle hum of her
vibrating dildo.  She looked over her shoulder just in time to see him scoop a
handful of cream from the jar.  He applied the cream to the shaft just as he
would if he were applying it to his own cock.  His hand stroked the entire
length of the dildo gently, twisting in half-circular motions in order to ensure
the entire shaft was sufficiently lubricated.  She was plenty wet around her ass
as it was, but because the dildo was very thick, the cream would ensure the
experience was as pleasurable as possible, even though there would certainly be
pain involved also.  She wasn't looking when he entered her with the flesh
colored vibrating shaft, and it surprised her somewhat, causing her ass to
tighten.  He helped her relax by making soft "shushing" sounds, assuring her it
was going to be all right, that he would never hurt her. When she loosened up,
he quickly pushed the huge dildo as deep inside her as it would go. She gasped,
and let out an ear shattering squeal.  When the 8" dildo had almost disappeared
fully into her ass, he turned the knob clockwise without warning, thereby
increasing the intensity of the vibration.  The dildo apparently touched the
right spot because when he did this, she began shaking uncontrollably.  Without
even thinking about it, she balanced herself on one hand again and reached up to
grab the nipple clamp chain and pulled so hard she made herself scream again, a
scream that undoubtedly woke the neighbors.  He began thrusting harder and
harder, twisting madly as the dildo virtually disappeared into her ass each
time.  She was still quaking uncontrollably, all the while low guttural
shuddering groans of pleasure were unconsciously emanating from deep within her. 
She had become unaware of anything around her but the mixture of extreme
pleasure and excruciating pain resulting from the unrelenting thrusts of the
thick, rapidly vibrating, dildo.  As she bucked wildly, she pulled the nipple
clamp chain so hard that the clamps snapped off her nipples, tearing away skin
in the process.  She screamed again, but this time did not stop as she pushed
back toward him again and again with every thrust, "AHHHHHHHH!, AHHHHHHHH!", she
screamed at a high, shrill, ear piercing  pitch, over and over again.   She knew
she was about to experience the most intense orgasm ever. She was past the point
of no return already and was going to cum, no matter what either of them did. 
The question was "when?"  The orgasm that began deep within her ass  had spread
throughout her groin to every part of her body, focusing especially in the areas
of her clit and throbbing  nipples.  This was amazing to her, because she wasn't
even touching her clit, and neither was he.  The harder she pushed against the
thrusts of the dildo, the larger the swell of the impending orgasm became. 
Masterfully, he extracted the dildo from her ass and rammed his hard throbbing
cock deep in her hole without interrupting their rhythm in the slightest.  She
was still screaming, but was now joined by his very audible groans.  They both
were reduced to an almost animal-like state.  Pleasure was their only goal.  The
louder she screamed, the longer he groaned as he continuously pounded her warm,
wet, slippery, tight ass with his rock hard cock. Only his balls slapping
against her ass stopped it from going deeper, although they both tried.  It was
apparent they were both about to explode, and nothing could be done to stop
either of them.  She came first and collapsed lifelessly on the bed, her ass
still in the air being pounded incessantly by her Master's stiff, pulsating
cock.  Her screams had now subsided into one long continuous low moan, almost
like the growl of a large dog,  which would have been monotone but for the
vacillation in her voice caused by the constant pounding of his cock in her
swollen and sticky ass.  Seconds later, he exploded himself.  Because he had
already cum twice, there was not much in the way of volume this time, but the
sensation was more extreme than he could have ever imagined.  He fell to his
knees on the floor next to the bed, ripping his cock violently from her ass, his
hands still holding her hips, and his face pressed against her sticky wetness. 
She fell forward as he released his grip, and he slumped to the floor.  They
both laid there in their respective positions, she on the bed curled tightly in
a ball, he on the floor, a rumpled pile of exhausted flesh.  Their bodies
simultaneously twitched uncontrollably for what seemed to be an eternity. 

When he was able to speak again, he called to her from his position on the floor
and asked, "Are you all right my pet?"  "Yes, Master" she responded softly,
barely able to speak, and totally unable to open her eyes.  He then somehow
managed enough strength to crawl onto the bed next to her.  For a moment he
simply sat there watching her, amazed at the site of her perfect body, and
beautiful face.  She was still quivering and trembling from head to toe, covered
entirely with goose bumps.  As he scanned the soft curves of her body, he
noticed her ass was still cherry red, her nipples were still as hard as he'd
ever seen them, swollen from the pressure of the clamps over the last two hours,
and that she wore a slight smile on her semiconscious face.  He suddenly
realized at that moment he had not kissed her once since she arrived home.
Immediately taking her limp body in his arms, he gently maneuvered both himself
and her into their kissing position.   He lifted her upper body off the bed and
positioned her immediately next to him on his right side, but facing the
opposite direction with their legs pointing to separate sides of the bed.  He
then embraced her tenderly and leaned into her slightly, pressing their bare
chests together.  A perfect balance.  Because she was so petite, her face landed
perfectly on his upper left chest.  He tilted her head back, and placed her
right cheek against his breast.  Now he had a perfect view of her beautiful
face.  She had not moved during this entire process, nor was she aware he had
moved her.  He pushed her soft dark hair back out of her face.  "She is an
angel," he thought to himself.  He slowly lowered his head and kissed her
tenderly and deeply on the mouth.  Instinctively, but still in a semiconscious
state,  her chest rose as he kissed her repeatedly, gently stroking her face and
hair.  He was in heaven.  So was she, and he had taken her there.

The smell of the room was one of pure sex, a smell that was not unfamiliar to
them.  After all, they had made a career over the last six months out of love
making.  At one point, they calculated they had made love every day for two
solid weeks, sometimes two and three times a day.  Each time, they both swore
was more spectacular than the last.  "How could it get any better," he
remembered asking himself after the last time they made love before her trip. 
He now knew how it could get better, and was already looking forward to the next
time they would be together.  Her breathing had now become slow and rhythmic. 
She was fast asleep.  He tried to wake her, but she didn't even acknowledge his
presence.  She was, for all intensive purposes, dead to the world.  But even so,
the corners of her beautiful full lips were turned up, ever-so-slightly, as she
drifted away.  A single tear ran down her left cheek.  He held her for about an
hour after that, transfixed on her angelic face.  He wept uncontrollably at
times, overcome with emotion at the thought of ever being without her, mingled
with the joy he felt by simply being in her presence.  He loved her, he always
had, and he always would.  Finally, he laid her head tenderly on her pillow,
climbed out of bed and covered her lifeless body with a soft, warm blanket.  She
still hadn't moved and was completely unaware of anything he had done or said
since she came and collapsed so intensely.  He climbed back into bed alongside
her and assumed his usual position on her right.  He laid on his left side and
snuggled up close to her warm body.  He placed his right leg partially over her
mid-section, and laid his right arm across her chest with his hand resting
gingerly on her left shoulder.  He was content to simply lay there beside his
one true love, taking in her awesome beauty and basking the scent of their wild
love making.  He tried to watch her for as long as he could, but rapidly began
to lose his battle with sleep.  Although he believed she would not hear him, he
positioned his mouth close to her ear and whispered, "I love you."  To his
wonder and surprise, her soft, sweet voice whispered back, "I love you too," as
they both raced off to be with each other in the Nexus once again.

May 21, 2001.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  B. Buchanan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





