BDSM Library - The Lady Ashley's Penance




The Lady Ashley's Penance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A cart-tail whipping and humiliation of a noblewoman.
THE LADY ASHLEY'S PENANCE
					 		by Tom Justin


    It was stifling hot in the crowded courtroom as twenty-two year-old, Lady
Ashley Hamilton rose to her feet and faced the  somber,  bewigged  magistrate.   
The  proud  jut  of  the defiant  beauty's  jaw gave evidence to the fiery
temperament of  the  young  noblewoman  as  she  impassively  awaited  her
sentencing.  The court's verdict was never in doubt to any of those   in 
attendance   for   the   infamy  of   the  Earl   of Brockhurst's  daughter's 
crime  had  spread  throughout  the village.

    The high-spirited young woman, in a fit of anger at her domineering  father, 
had  run  off  with  a  lover  after  first ransacking her father's home of
everything of value that she could carry.  The girl had succumbed to the
persuasive charms of a handsome rouge by the name of Jack Lawrence, and the two
of them had led the law on a merry chase before they were finally caught in
nearby Athington.  Knowing that the gallows awaited him,  Jack Lawrence chose to
die at the point of a sword instead after first killing two of the sheriff's men
in the melee that ensued.   The struggling, cursing Lady Ashley was returned to
her disgraced parent in chains to suffer his anger.  It  was  the  Earl  of 
Brockhurst's  decree  that  his rebellious offspring would receive no leniency
from the court for the dishonor she had brought upon his household, and the
shamed nobleman had advised the Lord Justice Campbell on the severity  of his
daughter's punishment

    The  grim-faced  judge cleared his throat and announced solemnly,  "Lady
Ashley Hamilton,  it is the decision of this court  that  for  the  crime  of 
thievery,  wantonness,  and accessory to murder, on the morrow you be taken to
the prison yard, stripped naked and bound to the cart's tail.   You will then 
be  led  through  the  streets  of  Covington and  whipped lustily from  your
neck to your knees.   Furthermore, at the four corners of the town square the
cart will halt and you will be ordered to bend over and spread your legs for
three strokes of the lash where you least desire it but where it will do your
soul the most good."

    The magistrate paused for a moment then asked, "Have you anything to say?"

    The willful young woman raise her head in the arrogant and  haughty  manner 
she  had  assumed  during  the  court proceedings and shook her head scornfully.  
The Lady Ashley had  incurred her  father's wrath and stoically accepted her
fate.  Only the merest trembling of the defiant penitent's lips at the
pronouncement of her harsh sentence had shown on her  impassive  countenance.   
Those  in  attendance  expecting pleading or tears were sorely disappointed.

    The judge made a motion with his hand,  and two burly guards stepped forward
to dwarf the slender loveliness of the condemned beauty.   The sharp crack of
the justice's gravel announced the end of the trial and the Lady Ashley Hamilton
was led away, head high, eyes blazing defiantly.

    In the morning, she would suffer the sting of the flogger's lash.




Chapter 2



    It was a boisterous crowd that jammed the prison yard, braving  the  early 
morning  chill  to  witness  the  public flogging  and  humiliation  of  the 
young  Mistress  Hamilton. They  had  been  gathering  since  dawn  to  obtain 
favorable positions  of  viewing.     Unlike  the  common  harlots  who
ordinarily earned the cart tail whippings,  the haughtiness and  vivid  beauty 
of  the  Lord  of  Brockhurst's  daughter promised  to  be  a  rare  treat  for 
the  expectant  townsfolk. Outside  the  prison  gate,  the  sides  of  Burton
Avenue,  the first  street  of  the cart tail procession,  were also lined with 
eager  onlookers,  all  anxious  for  a view of  the Lady Ashley's naked shame
as she endured her painful degradation.

    The clip-clop of horse's hoofs and the creak of wooden wheels on the raised
cobblestones announced the arrival of the cart.   In it rode two men, the driver
and the flogger. The driver was slouched in his seat, his hat pulled down low on
his head.  Next to him sat Rubin James, the man chosen to flog the Earl's
daughter.  Master James, a solidly-built man in  his  mid-forties,  was  one  of 
the  jailers  at  Cranwell prison.  His experience and expertise with the lash
made him a frequent choice of the court for the cart tail whippings. The man's
hairy arms were bare outside his sleeveless leather jerkin, and coiled in his
strong hands was the single-thonged whip that would sear the Lady Ashley's
tender flesh.  As the cart rolled to a stop, the flogger stepped down and the
crowd looked expectantly at the heavy oaken door of the jail.  They knew  that 
the  Earl  of  Brockhurst's  daughter  was  inside, awaiting   her  
court-ordered   punishment   and  degradation. Several minutes passed,  then a
scraping sound was heard as the locking bolt was drawn and the thick door swung
open.

    A hush  fell  over  the  spectators  as  the  Lady  Ashley Hamilton
appeared.   Two guards flanked the condemned young noblewoman  and  they each
grasped  one  of  her  arms  as  they escorted  her  outside.    They  stopped 
at  the  rear  of  the waiting cart,  and  the Earl's daughter  shook  off the
men's awkward hands.   The sentenced beauty stood erect, her fiery blue eyes
staring indifferently above the heads of the crowd, her lovely face a graven
image of defiance.   At a sign from the  flogger,  the two guards  each seized
one of the girl's wrists and made them fast to the cart tail with lengths of
stout hempen cord.   The Lady Ashley grimaced as the chafing bonds bit into the
soft skin of her slender wrists.  She then glanced  briefly over  her  shoulder 
and  saw her  stern-faced executioner step forward.

	A murmur  of  anticipation  could  be  heard  among  the gathered  onlookers
as they eagerly awaited the lustful and delicious spectacle that they would be
privileged to see.  It was not every day that the common citizens of Covington
saw a lady of quality, so young and beautiful, stripped naked and flogged for
their delectation.   And the haughtiness of the Lady  Ashley's  attitude,  along 
with  her  vivid  and  sensual beauty,  stirred  in the hearts of the crowd the 
lascivious urge to see her fully taste the bitter draught of suffering and
ignominy she had coming to her.

    The sentenced young martyr felt the callused hands of Rubin James at the
neck of her gown.   She heard a tearing sound  and  felt  the  heat  of  the 
morning  sun  on  her  bare shoulders as he ripped the garment down.  The
renting of the dress did not stop at the Lady Ashley's waist but continued until
the tattered remnants lay festooned at her feet.

    In  order  to  shorten  the  shaming  preparation  for  her flogging,  the
Lord of Brockhurst's daughter had left off her stays  and  petticoats  and wore
only a chemise and camisole under  her  dress,  along  with  her  white  batiste 
drawers. Presented  in  this  scanty  and  provocative  dishabille,  the defiant 
penitent  stared  unblushingly  ahead  as  a  gasp  of admiration rose at the
sight of her voluptuous, graceful body so tautly presented with extended arms
and bound hands.

    Next to be ripped off was the chemise, which left the Lady Ashley's opulent
bosom covered only by her camisole, a thin garment with straps that extended to
about her midriff. The blonde beauty's firm, juttingly-rounded, conical shaped
breasts, with their hard, dark coral tips prodded impudently against the silky
material and the whispered comments of the anxious townspeople grew louder.

    Rubin James,  having his own sense of the dramatic now paused,  prolonging 
the  suspense  of  his  audience.   To  the peasants, he was the Stage Master to
the only theater most of them would ever likely know.  With studied effect he
slowly  reached  forward  then  sharply  tore  away the  flimsy garment from his
victim's shoulders.

    A great sigh of awe announced the denuding of the Lady Ashley's magnificent
bosom.  The erect and arrogant globes of her  breasts,  ripe melons of pale
creamy flesh,  thrust out boldly,  their  turgid  pink  nipples  stiffening  in 
the  cool morning air.  The condemned noblewoman's sweet flat belly and the
dainty niche of her navel was also exposed as she stood naked save for her
drawers.

    The  spectators'  attention now shifted to the tightly-molded,  white, 
batiste sheath of the young mistress's only remaining  undergarment.    The 
solid,  enticingly-contoured, cheeks  of her buttocks with which her supple, 
beautifully-sculptured  thighs  merged,  promised  a  highly  entertaining
spectacle  when  the  drawers  should  be  removed  and  those resilient, pale
white globes would quiver and dance under the stinging strokes of the flogger's
whip.

    Rubin  James  extracted  the  ultimate  response  from his helpless prey's
lingering prelude before he placed his strong fingers on the waistband of her
drawers.   The Lady Ashley's  lovely face remained expressionless as she felt
her chastiser pull the waistband open and slowly peel the garment down from the
glories of her prominently-jutting posterior.

	The crowd stared agog at this last libidinous unveiling of the Earl's
daughter's final shield of modesty.  The jailer drew the batiste sheath down
inch by inch, gradually uncovering the plump curves of his victim's
velvety-sheened, lower hemispheres.  Muscular ripplings shook those
temptingly-ripe,  succulent  bottomglobes  and  the  narrow  furrow  which
separated them gradually broadened at the base,  hiding its mystery in the
shadowy groove there.

    A faint  blush  pinkened  the  pale  cheeks  of  the  Lady Ashley's
finely-featured face as she felt her drawers slither to her feet leaving her
entirely nude in all of her insolent beauty.  The defiant penitent had schooled
herself for this moment  as  she  gazed  far  and  away above  the heads  of 
the crowd, meeting the eyes of none.

    The  lustful  men  in the audience stared avidly at the Callyphigian beauty
of the bound girl's beautifully-contoured lower hillocks, reveling in the sight
of that creamy expanse of maiden flesh.   Beneath the young woman's dimpled
navel at the juncture of her rounded thighs, thick dark golden curls shielded
her plump Venus mount from the besmirching eyes of the townspeople.

    Sensing  that  her  time  of  atonement was  imminent,  the Lady Ashley
stepped clear of the remnants of her rocked down and tattered clothing,  the
full-fleshed cheeks of her bared behind jiggling salaciously with her movements.  
She looked back over her soft white shoulder and saw Rubin James reach for the
coiled whip tucked in his belt.   The blonde beauty turned  her  head  forward 
and  set  her  teeth  against  her underlip as she waited for the cart's 
forward movement and the resulting tug on her tethered wrists that would signal
the beginning of her shameful and painful Calvary.

    Lady  Ashley  Hamilton  watched  apprehensively  as  the driver gathered the
reins and bestirred the horse to motion. The  heavy wooden  wheels  groaned  and 
the  cart  rolled  into motion.  Bound  as  she  was,  the  young  noblewoman 
followed, bare  breasts  bobbing  and  hindcheeks  shuddering  with  each
trudging step.

    The flogger's whip sought her at the fifth step as  the lash sang through
the air to wrap around the slim shoulders of the naked young woman.  The Lady
Ashley's nude body arched in shock as her head reared and she clamped her lips
tightly together to stifle her scream.  Being whipped on the back was a new pain 
for  the  defiant  blonde  beauty as  her  previous chastisements both at home
and  in boarding school had been directed to her plump nether regions instead.

    In  an  age  that  could  not  be  condemned  for  excessive sentimentality, 
the high spirited young mistress's backside had been no stranger to the punitive
rod during her years of growing up.   She had spent many a time bent over  the 
foot rail of her  bed while her  stern father belabored her naked behind with a
strap or riding crop.  And at Birchwood Girl's Academy,  the young Lady Ashley's
hoydenish nature had earn her numerous bare bottom session with the martinet or
cane.

	A high-pitched whistle preceded the second stroke which diagonally  striped 
the  alabaster  smoothness  of  the  lovely martyr's  magnificently-sculptured, 
milky back.   Under this second searing pain,  the Lady Ashley bit down hard on
her lower lip as her body jerked convulsively and the delicate wings  of  her 
nostrils  flared with the afflux of quickened breathing.  The bite of  the  lash
on her  bare back seem to spread  throughout  her  nerves  and  down  along  the 
tethered beauty's  gracefully-curve spine.   Staring defiantly ahead, the Lady
Ashley maintained her attitude of  indifference as the cart exited the prison
yard and started down Burton St.

    Those spectators who had been present for the stripping of  the  condemned 
noblewoman  and  the  first  strokes  of  her punishment,  now  scrambled  for 
vantage  points  among  the throngs of people already in place along the sides
of the street.  Amidst the jostling and unruly protestations of the surging  
onlookers,   the   third   lash   curled   around   the unprotected waist of the
naked young beauty.

    A hiss  of  sucked  in  breath  attested  to  the  stinging smart of the
accurately placed stroke,  and the Lady Ashley looked down in dismay at the
flickering wisp of the thong as it wealed the tender flesh of her stomach just
inches from her  dimpled  navel.    Under  the  impetus  of  the  blow,  she
stumbled  momentarily  before  recovering,  her  bare  breasts bouncing
erratically with her faltering steps.

    The   crowd   of   onlookers   following  the   cart   tail procession 
gazed  appreciatively  at  the  yet  unblemished smoothness  of  the  future 
mistress of  Brockhurst's  naked buttocks,  foreseeing the next stroke of the
whip to fall upon those  proudly-independent  hillocks.    And  as  she  trudged
disconsolately along in her shaming penance, the Lady Ashley anticipated  the 
arrival  of  the  whip's  naked  fury  and instinctively tightened the wobbling
cheeks of her behind in hopeless defense.

    Rubin James surveyed the firm ripe mounds of his lovely victim's 
creamy-skinned  posterior,  deliberating  patiently before he slowly drew back
his arm.   The Lady Ashley heard the chorused gasp of the crowd, foretelling her
that the whip was en route to deliver its fiery kiss.   Then her tethered body
jerked  fitfully as  fire  laced  the  twin globes of her bare behind, 
imprinting a crimson stripe on that lush canvas of Callyphiqian delight.

    The  stung  nether  cheeks  of  the  Lady  Ashley's  naked buttocks 
crispened    at  once  under  the burning smart  of  the whip and  her  eyes 
opened  wide as her  head  lifted and her blonde tresses tumbled to her
shoulders.  The uncontrollable jiggling and quaking of the condemned beauty's
welted bottom was  a  lascivious  treat  of  the  townspeople  as  the Earl  of
Brockhurst's  daughter  sustained  the  fourth  stroke  of  her punishment.

	The gathered assemblage watched intently as they waited eagerly for the next
lash to fall.  Many diverse emotions ran through  their  minds;  amusement, 
lust,  ribaldry,  distaste, maybe  compassion.     Men,  women,  even  children 
were  in attendance  for  the delivering of  a  lady of  quality to be whipped
and degraded for their pleasure.   And while some of the  women  present  might 
have  felt  a  sense  of  outrage  or indignation  at  a  member  of  their  own 
sex  so  shamefully exposed,  the  infamy  of  the  Lady  Susan's  crimes  and 
her aristocratic   arrogance   gave   them   a   feeling  of   just vindication
instead.

	The fifth stroke of the flogger's whip plucked at the buttery flesh of the
proud beauty's naked buttocks and her lithe body twisted and writhed as she
tugged futilely at her bound wrists.   A second resonant weal scored the satiny
smoothness of the Lady Ashley's fair-skinned bottom and her quivering
bottomcheeks contracted voluptuously in response.

    The courageous young martyr blinked back the tears that stung her eyes as
she bowed her head and took several deep breaths to prepare herself for the next
onslaught of pain. She lifted her eyes to the hunched figure of the driver and
stared accusingly at the tailgate to which she was bound and forced to follow.

    With measured precision, Rubin James delivered two more sweeping  strokes 
to  the  plump  rotundities  of  the  Lady Ashley's  helplessly-proffered 
nether  regions.   The  jellied mounds  of  the  lovely  sufferer's  whipped 
buttocks  bounced heavily as each lash landed and her heaving breasts rose and
fell as she struggled to retain her composure.   Yet even as tears began to
trickle down her flushed cheeks, the defiant young noblewoman  answered  the
mocking stares  of  the  crowd with a look of aloof contempt.

    Now Master James directed his attention to his trudging victim's   full,  
gracefully-curved   thighs,   knowing   from experience that a woman's thighs
are often more tender than her bottom.  He admired the young mistress's proud
courage as she strove valiantly to withhold her cries,  but the jailer knew that
his whip would win this battle of wills.   And to that  end,  he  swept  the
next  lash across  both  naked  upper thighs, just below the base of that
voluptuously-provocative, welted backside.

    The  Lady  Ashley's  nude  body  stiffened  and  her  face lifted as a
barely audible groan of "Aahhh!" was torn from her desperately compressed lips.  
Under the impetus of this blow on  the  sensitive  flesh  of  her  thighs,  she 
awkwardly hopped forward, delighting the crowd with the jiggling of her breasts
and the waggling of her red-streaked bottom ovals.

    For the first time since her whipping began,  the Lady Ashley glanced back
over her shoulder and regarded the grim figure of her executioner.   Her
tear-wet eyes still blazed defiantly despite  the  scorching  heat  of  her 
chastisement. The  courageous,  young  beauty  bowed  her  head  and  steeled
herself  for  the  resumption  of  her  shaming  martyrdom,  the delicate  wings 
of  her  nostrils  flaring  as  she  panted  for breath.

	The whistling lash continued its inexorable descent down the Lady Ashley's
lush nudity as it once more stung the soft flesh of her thighs before delivering
its scalding bite to her gently-round calves as well.    The condemned
noblewoman's lithe body weaved and twisted as the leather thong seared her
tender flesh and she ground her teeth savagely to stifle her cries.

    Rubin James paused now as he contemplated where he would direct  the  next 
stroke of his Ladyship's punishment.   The burly jailer  knew from past
experience that the cart tail procession   would   last   almost   an   hour,  
so   judicious application of the whip was  important.   He gauged that his
victim's total allotment of strokes would be between sixty and  seventy,  not 
counting  the  twelve  strokes  she  would receive between her legs at the
corners of the town square.

    The man knew that the pernicious sting of the lash on the  Lady  Ashley's 
tender  love  nook  would  destroy  her remarkable  courage  and  force  her  to 
cry  out  in  agony, breaking the stubborn silence she had maintained thus far.
However;  even though he bore no malice towards the Earl of Brockhurst's 
daughter,  Rubin  James's  skill  was  indirectly tested by her reactions and he
resolved to make her cry out before she reached  the town square.   With that
thought  in mind, he gauged his distance and struck.

    The supple leather thong snaked out and wrapped around the   condemned  
noblewoman's   bare   back   just   below  the shoulderblades;  the tip of the
lash flicking around to bite into  the  panting  curve  of  her  right  breast.   
The  naked beauty's shapely body went rigid for a moment, then her head lifted
and a choking shout of pain was torn from the Lady Ashley's  trembling  lips  as 
a  livid weal  sprang  up on the milky-white flesh of her shuddering love gourd.

    Without  respite,  Master  James  immediately  sent  the twelfth stroke
whistling  into the  quivering mounds  of  the young woman's bounding buttocks,
visibly lifting those fleshy hillocks with the force of the blow.  The muscles
of the Lady Ashley's whipped bottom spasmed under the atrocious bite of the 
lash.   And  as  the  searching  thong  burrowed  into  the yielding flesh of
her jutting right bottomglobe;  a strangled cry of "Aaooowww!!!" escaped her
gaping mouth.

    The murmured comments of the spectators grew louder as they sensed this
visible weakening of this arrogant lady of quality  under  the  lash.    Their 
was  little  pity  in  their hearts as they delectated over the Lady Ashley's
martyrdom.  They  longed  to  watch  her  naked,  glorious  body writhe  and
twist under the furious slashes of the whip and to hear her desperate cries for
mercy.

    But those onlookers  expecting the flogger to now rain blows  down  upon 
the  bound  figure  of  his  victim would  be disappointed.  For Rubin James,
satisfied with the effect of  his  previous  successive  strokes  in  breaking 
the  defiant sufferer's tight-lipped resolve, permitted the Lady Ashley a moment
of reprieve before resuming the capricious rhythm of her thrashing.

    Sweat glistened on the blonde beauty's slender nudity as she  trudged 
dismally  along,  her  body  jerking convulsively each time  the hissing 
leather  thong  attacked  her  cringing flesh.  The   girl's   executioner  
skillfully   varied   the placement of the strokes as he plied the  lash as
ordered, "from the  neck  to  the  heels".     By the  time  the  plodding
procession  arrived  at  the  northeast  corner  of  the  town square,  the Lady
Ashley Hamilton had sustained a total of sixteen  lashes and the criss-crossed
pattern of red lines left by the whip blazed brightly on her satiny white skin.

    Now  came  the  dreadful  moment  when  the  Earl  of Brockhurst's daughter
was to debase herself as a common whore and expose her most private parts to the
profaning eyes of the crowd and the hissing fury of the jailer's whip.   She
turned  her  tear-streaked  face  back  over  her  shoulder  and regarded her
impassive chastiser nervously.

    The man gestured  with his  whip,  and  the Lady Ashley groaned plaintively
as she complied with the court's order. The   bountifully-fleshed   hemispheres  
of   the   condemned  noblewoman's    magnificent,    carmine-streaked   
posterior shuddered eloquently as she bent down and reluctantly spread her legs, 
lewdly presenting the fatted purse of her sex as well  as  the  puckered  ring 
of  her  anus  to  the  gloating townspeople.

    The firm ripe melons of the Lady Ashley's opulent bosom hung pendant in this
ignominious pose and those who stood at the rear of the cart gazed avidly at the
pink invitation of her gaping loveslit.   The prickling heat of a blush warmed
the lovely sufferer's troubled face,  then spread down her neck  to her 
shoulders when she heard the whispers of the crowd as they crudely appraised her
naked charms.  With bated breath, the courageous young martyr awaited the
resumption of her  punishment  as  muscular  tremors  ran  up  and  down  her
distended thighs  into the palpitating cheeks of her cleft, striped buttocks.

    Master James keenly observed the ripe pulchritude of his twenty-two year 
old victim's  exposed  femininity,  blatantly displayed  in  one  of  the  most 
defenseless  and  degrading positions imaginable for her sex.  He silently cast
the whip out along the ground and measured his aim carefully.   Then with a deft
flick of his wrist, the skillful flogger sent the tapering  thong  slipping 
between  the  Lady Ashley's  parted bottom rounds to come to burning rest on her
intimate love nook.

    A piercing scream was  torn  from the  naked sufferer's gaping mouth as her
head lifted and her sweat-glossed body jerked  as  if  an  electric  shock  had 
surged  through  it.  Abandoning her pose, the Lady Ashley's torso straightened
and the  spasming  cheeks  of  her  welted  behind  clenched  the tapering 
thong  that  had  so  mercilessly  whistling  between them.  The  young  woman's 
thighs  threshed  violently for  a moment as  if trying to disperse the  furious
agony of the stroke.  The defiant young martyr turned her contorted face back 
over  her  shoulder and gave her chastiser an outraged look through her dilated,
tear-blurred eyes.  Then with sweat beading her forehead and teeth chattering
with anguish, the Earl of Brockhurst's daughter bowed her trembling body and
prostrated herself again for the whip.

	Twice more the supple lash snaked up between the sobbing penitent's 
straddled  thighs,  perniciously  attacking  the tender  regions  of  groin  and 
belly.    Each  time,  the  Lady Ashley's  lush nudity arched  and writhed  in
protest,  limbs threshing   wildly  before   humbly   resuming   the   ordained 
position.  After  the  third  perfidious  cut  had  stung  the tender 
love-pouch of  the  contrite young woman,  the driver allowed her a few moments
to compose herself  before he put the cart back into motion.

    The  Lady  Ashley  groaned  plaintively  as  she  leaned heavily against the
wooden cart-tail, her shuddering breasts heaving with gasping breaths.   At a
gesture from the girl's grim  executioner,  the  driver  gathered  the  reins 
and  the creaking of the heavy wooden wheels signaled the resumption of the Lady
Ashley's martyrdom.

    Weakened by the three agonizing lashes between her legs, the bound blonde
sufferer cried out musically as the next two strokes licked at the quivering
flesh of her squirming bare buttocks;  etching angry red weals on that satiny
skin.   The proud independent hillocks of the future mistress's beautiful
posterior  shook  jelly-like  at  each snapping  impact  of  the whip,  and  her 
choking  screams  delighted  the  vindictive townspeople.

    Amidst  the naked  noblewoman's  attentive audience,  two uniformed 
soldiers  stood watching her  punishment with grim smiles  of  satisfaction  on 
their  faces.    One  of  the  men, Sergeant William Blackmore of the King's
Royal Army, had his right arm bound tightly to his side in a sling; the result
of a wound from Jack Lawrence's sword.

    The other man, a private, bore a series of scratches on the side of his
cheek from the Lady Ashley's fingernails when she raked his face during the
apprehension of the two illicit lovers.  Both lusty males were immensely
enjoying the public humiliation of such a high-spirited and beautiful prisoner.
And  the  noticeable  bulges  in  the  front  of  the  soldiers' pants, as was
also evident in many of the men in the crowd, meant  there  would  be much
arduous  lovemaking  in store  for their wives when they retired to their
conjugal beds at day's end.

    The   continuation   of   the   Lady   Ashley   Hamilton's prescribed
penance proceeded as Master James distributed the sweeping strokes of his whip
up and down the length of his victim's writhing naked body.   Varying the
intervals between lashes to attenuate her fortitude, the grim execution plied
the tapering leather thong masterfully; choosing always a new place for its
burning kiss.   And while the courageous blonde beauty  managed  to  hold  back 
her  cries  for  many  of  the strokes, she could not control the involuntary
lewd gyrations of her tethered body or her hoarse exclamations when a cut of the
whip perniciously attacked the more sensitive regions of breast, thigh, or
buttock

	By  the time the plodding procession came to a halt at the intersection of
River street and North avenue, the Lady Ashley's nude body was streaked with
runnels of perspiration and dust from the street.   Her matted,  sweat-darkened
hair was plastered in wet curls to her face and forehead as she reluctantly
bowed her trembling body and exposed her loins for  the  whip.    Droplets  of 
sweat  and  tears  dotted  the cobblestones  of  the  road  and  the  prostrated 
girl's  pink-lipped vulval fig pouted back invitingly.

    Three times the wicked leather thong darted up between the Earl of
Brockhurst's daughter's splayed thighs, sending her  naked  body  into 
continuous  paroxysms  of  indescribable torment.  Raucous screams of agony
answered each wet snapping impact  of  the  whip  and  the  Lady  Ashley's 
sumptuous  body bounded and twisted like a gaffed fish.   When the cart again
rolled into motion, the sobbing blonde sufferer followed with a hobbling, 
straddle-legged  gait  in  a  desperate  effort  to ease the pain in the swollen
lips of her slit.

    To  vary  the  pattern  of  stripes  on  his  victim's  lush tapestry  of 
alabaster  flesh,  Rubin  James  now  showed  his dexterity by alternating his
strokes with both forehand and backhand  slashes  of  the  whip.    Thus  the
previously less-punished,  left cheek of the Lady Ashley's condemned backside
received its share of abuse as the whistling tip of the lash plucked  greedily 
at  that  quaking  mound  of  jellied  flesh. Also the bobbing, cantaloupe-like
gourd of the young woman's left breast sustained several flicking cuts of the
jailer's whip as well from his backhanded strokes.

    Over the finely-grained skin of the beautiful penitent's luscious  body, 
angry raised  welts  sprang  up as  the  evil, hissing thong licked and snapped.  
But it was evident that Master  James's  preferred  target  was  the  Earl's
daughter's plump  jutting  bare  bottom which  he  returned  to again and again. 
Those wobbling globes of velvety-sheened flesh shook salaciously as the whip
swept across them, sometimes slipping towards  more  sensitive  parts,  drawing 
strident  howls  of torment from the unfortunate, young noblewoman.

    Yet even though her suffering was atrocious as evidenced by her  cries  of 
agony and  the  lascivious  writhing  of  her naked  body,  the  Lady Ashley
Hamilton  offered no pleas  or supplications  for  mercy to  her  implacable 
chastiser.   And when  she  did  lift  her  bowed  head  to  brief  gaze 
through haggard,  tear-blurred  eyes  at  her  mocking  audience,  the
courageous  and  defiant  beauty's  pain-lined  face  seemed  to hold an
expression that was almost contempt.

	The  citizens  of  Covington  gathered  at  the  corner of  River street and
North avenue,  the next destination of the cart  tail  procession,  craned 
their  necks  as  they saw the horse drawn  cart  approaching.   They could see
the slender figure of the Lady Ashley trudging desolately along  in her
prescribed servitude,  her  face hidden by the matted hair of her shapely, 
bowed head.   From a distance,  the townspeople saw the flogger's arm reach out
and the girl's head rear as the lash landed with an explosion of pain on her
bare back.  Droplets of sweat and tears flew in the air as the disheveled blonde
tresses of the naked noblewoman tossed wildly with her frenzied movements under
the stinging fury of the whip.   As the  cart  neared  the  town  square,  Rubin 
James  once  more regaled his hapless victim's churning, weaving buttocks with a
skillful, backhanded cut of the whip,  forcing a strangled cry past the lovely
sufferer's clenched teeth as the whisking thong bit into her raw, smarting
flesh.

    Those  spectators who had decided  to  see the  flogging through to the end,
now joined the ones already in position along the sides of the street.  They
watched expectantly when the cart groaned to a halt and the naked, twenty-two
year-old lady  in  waiting  turned  her  flushed  face  back  over  her shoulder
to gaze imploringly at her stern chastiser.  Through eyes swollen and red-rimmed
from crying, the Lady Ashley saw Master  James  gesture with his whip.   With
tears streaming down her  cheeks,  the  anguished  beauty bowed  her  trembling
body and slowly spread her legs.

    The  highly-appreciative  audience  stared  agog  as  the sweat-slick 
cheeks  of the sobbing young woman's sumptuous, luridly-wealed buttocks parted, 
and the pink-lipped seam of her vulva came into view.  Framed with silken thatch
of light blonde   hair,   the   Lady  Ashley's   gaping   love-slit  was
helplessly  displayed  between  the  twitching,   welt-ridged gluteal  mounds 
of  her  lewdly-spread  bottom.   Abandoned  in this obscene and degrading pose,
the contrite, openly-crying, culprit  felt  the  shaming  coolness  of  the  air 
on  her  most intimate  flesh.     Bizarre  twitchings  shook  her  splayed
posterior  globes and agonizing suspense weighed heavily on the courageous
martyr's mind as she awaited the sting of the lash.

    Several  mothers  in  the  crowd  with  children  in  hand covered their
offspring's eyes at the blatant exposure of the Lady Ashley's naked pelvic area. 
But in the past, these same women  had  also  pulled  their  children  from  the 
street  to safety when the arrogant and high-spirited young noblewoman had 
recklessly  galloped  her  horse  or  driven  her  carriage through  the 
village  at  breakneck  speeds,  heedless  of  the well-being  of  others.   
They gladly  watched  now with smug satisfaction as  the Earl  of Brockhurst's
daughter received her just desserts.

    A faint  whir  preceded  the  stroke,  then  the  supple leather thong
darted up between the inverted  "V"  of the Lady Ashley's legs to land with an
audible snap on the bulging, fleece-lined mound of her sex.   A piercing shriek
was torn from  the  girl's  gaping  mouth  and  her  bent  body  jerked
convulsively in response to the pernicious cut of the whip.

    The attentive audience was treated to some wild thigh-threshing by the
screaming penitent as she howled her protest to  this  heinous  attack  on  the
most  sensitive  part  of  her body.  The Lady Ashley's bare breasts and
buttocks bobbed and jiggled  salaciously  in  her  wild  dance  of  pain  and 
her anguished  face  lifted  to  the  heavens  as  if  praying  for strength. 
Then with  heart-rending moans  and  tears  flowing helplessly down  her 
flushed  face,  the  future  mistress  of Brockhurst manor slowly resumed her
position and arched out her inflamed loins for the next stroke.

	Master  James methodically sent two more venomous cuts darting up between
the lividly-streaked nether hemispheres of the lovely sufferer's bare bottom. 
At each fiery kiss of the lash, the Lady Ashley uttered raucous cries of agony
and those spectators standing to the side of the anguished beauty could see the
tendons  in her neck stand out against her sweating skin.

    After the third fiendishly-stinging stroke had attacked the  swollen  lips 
of  her  plump moist cunt,  galvanizing her nude body  into uncontrollable 
spasms  of  pain;  the  openly-crying young mistress clung desperately the rough
tailgate of the cart in a desperate effort to rally her waning strength. An
eternity of despondent shame and degradation assailed the sobbing noblewoman's
proud spirit as her body, unable to do her bidding as her will weakened under
the onslaught of pain and  suffering,  twisted  and  jerked  like  a  puppet  to 
the erratic cadence of the flogger's whip.

    The  Lady  Ashley  felt  the  cart  stir  as  the  driver gathered  the 
reins,  signaling  the  resumption  of  her  grim Calvary.  A sharp flick of the
jailer's whip stung the firm, rounded  curves  of  the  naked  prisoner's 
trembling  calves sending her hobbling forward to her inexorable fate.

    The final quarter of the Lady Ashley's hour of martyrdom was a walk she
would never forget.  Each step was compulsion as she stumbled drunkenly along
behind the slow moving cart, her  bound  wrists  mocking her tears and 
lamentations.   The skillful executioner's whip scored her protesting flesh with
devilish  cunning,  the  spacing  of  the  blows  deliberately irregular,
catching her always unprepared.  To heave or twist too much only invited a slash
on a part of her pain-racked body not otherwise exposed.   The Lady Ashley was
lost in a world  of  fiery flame  that  found  her  flesh  no matter  what
contortion she could make.

    The   vindictive   townspeople   gleefully   watched   the helpless
writhings of the lovely sufferer's nude body as the whistling  lash  seared  the 
round,   full  globes  of  her exuberantly-contoured,  red-streaked bottom or
wrapped around the slim hollow of her waist or the lovely columns of her
tapering thighs.   Curiously,  the Lady Ashley's hoarse cries because  less 
articulate,  though  breathier  as  if  she  had reached a new level of pain.  
Under each spastic convulsion of her voluptuous nudity, the condemned beauty's
head jerked back, her face a mask of agony, her eyes huge and filled with tears.

    By the time the plodding procession turned onto Stevens Avenue and headed
towards the final stop of the Lady Ashley Hamilton's  seemingly  endless  march 
of  bitter  degradation, only  a  few pale  patches  of  unmarked  flesh  could 
be  seen amidst  the  criss-crossed  swellings  that  marred  the creamy
smoothness  of  the  shuddering  oval  cheeks  of  her  soundly thrashed, bare
behind.   The relentless onslaught of the whip and the damning slowness of the
horse's gait  increased her anguish of anticipation for the strokes that
imparted their hellish fury to her exhausted sweat-soaked body.

    The  crowd  of  spectators  assembled  at  the  northwest corner of the town
square saw a much different Lady Ashley Hamilton than those who had been present
at the beginning of the  proud  beauty's  punishment.     The  young 
noblewoman's graceful  carriage  and  arrogant  sway  of  her  hips  had been
replaced  with  a  head-bowed,   faltering,   spraddle-legged, hobble as she
blindly stumbled along behind the cart.   The bright-eyed beauty's alabaster
complexion was red-flushed and streaked with tears and perspiration and her eyes
puffy and haggard from crying.   The silky tresses of the Lady Ashley's
beautifully coiffured  blonde  hair  straggled  wetly and  was plastered to her
face and neck in wet curls.   When the cart inexorably  ground  to  a  halt,  
the  openly-crying,  half-fainting,  future  mistress  of  Brockhurt  manor 
mechanically bowed her naked,  welted body and weakly spread her shaking legs.

    The veined and swollen gourd of the Lady Ashley's thick-lipped  seam pouted
back vulnerably between the shuddering, corrugated cheeks of her beaten
buttocks.  Muscular ripplings ran  up  and  down  the  condemned  beauty's 
lewdly  distended thighs  and  her   welt-ridged  gluteal  mounds  shook  with
enervating torment from the cumulative heat of the whipping.  Rivulets  of 
sweat  streamed down  the  blonde beauty's  bowed body, dripping from her
udder-like breasts which dangled and swayed with her  movements.    In the 
swirling mist  of  pain which engulfed her, the Lady Ashley was past caring that
she was  shamelessly  exposing  her  most  intimate  flesh  to  the gloating
spectators.   Instead, she closed her eyes as if in silent prayer and stoically
awaited the stroke of the lash that would signal the final stage of her Spartan
punishment.

    With  grim precision,  Rubin  James  accurately sent the three final cuts of
his whip snaking up between the quaking mounds  of  his  victim's  spasming 
buttocks.     Under  each murderous  slash  of  the  whip,  the  Lady Ashley's 
nude  body jerked convulsively as the hissing tip of the lash licked at the
jellying cleft of her slit.  So weakened was she from her hour-long  ordeal, 
the  suffering  noblewoman  had  not  the strength to  leave her prostrated pose
as her choking cries rang out in the uneasy silence of  the town square.   Even 
the most vindictive of the townspeople winced sympathetically at the  wet  snap 
of  the  whip  and  the  Lady  Ashley's  raucous screams,  for the final three
strokes of the naked penitent's sentence seemed to burn her to the very soul.

    After  the  final  lash  had  fallen  and  the  flogger  had returned his
coiled whip to his belt, the whimpering, young martyr  slowly straightened her 
pain-racked body.   Although  her   red-striped  posterior   globes  were  still  
twitching spasmodically and  furious pangs  of  torment coursed  through her
throbbing cunt, the Lady Ashley forced her legs together and  squared  her  slim 
shoulders.    Then  with  a  tremendous effort of will and a defiant toss of her
disheveled blonde hair,  the  proud  young  noblewoman  followed  the 
slow-moving cart without a stumble as it returned to Cranwell prison.

    The citizens of  Covington looked on in amazement at this erotic display of
fortitude.   It was evident by the grimaces on her lovely face that the least
movement revived the pain of  the  whipping  as  the  Lady  Ashley's 
piteously-wealed buttocks bounced and quivered at each step.   The tracery of
stripes upon her glistening nudity was a final sensual treat as she slowly
departed from view.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tom Justin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





