BDSM Library - The Anniversary




The Anniversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: During an anniversary, she reveals a submissive side that leads to a wild night in their hotel room. Consensual.
Part I
His Anniversary Present


Rob pushed back in his chair, took the napkin from his lap and applied it to his
lips. "Fantastic!" he exclaimed.

Adriana smiled at him as she too pushed away from the table. "Terrific," she
agreed. "What a great meal."

"What a great year"  They were celebrating a year together by enjoying the best
seafood the city had to offer - the price be hanged.

"Are you going to have coffee?" She asked, reaching to the floor for her
handbag.

"Yes, a meal like that deserves it," he said.

"Order me a coffee, or cappachino if they have it," she opened her purse and
pushed an envelope across the table at him. "Happy anniversary. Why don't you
read this while I excuse myself." She rose from the table gracefully, smoothed
the front of her skirt with a free hand, and strode off to the rest room.

The card showed a single red rose glistening with dew on a black backdrop. Rob
never did read the printed message inside (if there was one) as he was
captivated by what Adriana had written:

My darling.

We've both noted how hard to believe it is that a year has already passed by. A
year ago I would never have believed anyone if they had said how happy I could
be. Our love literally means the world to me, and I can't imagine ever being
without you.

I know the past few months have been somewhat of a disappointment to you. We've
grown in our relationship to a new phase, and much of the passion of our first
early months seems to have dissipated. We've been comfortable together. And I
think that's great, but I still miss our passionate early lovemaking.

He shut the card as the waitress cleared the dinner plates and nodded at his
cappichono order. As she moved away, he resumed reading. His eyes widened at the
following lines:

I've given a lot of thought to your hints about taking our relationship to the
next level. While you were away a few weeks ago, I logged into your computer and
clicked on some of the bookmarks you have in your private folder. I knew of your
interest in bondage and role-playing, but I saw and read about things that I
never knew existed. I hope you won't be angry with me for invading your privacy.
I do think you'll be pleased with what I'd like to do tonight.

He folded the card, returned it to its envelope and slid it in his breast
pocket. When he had asked Adriana to bring in his mail and water a few plants,
he'd never contemplated that she'd check his favorite bondage links. His mind
raced: what pictures had she seen. What positions interested her, or worst,
horrified her. He wondered if she had gone into his fiction folder.

Adriana was striding back toward him now. A beautiful blond haired woman, she
wore tasteful jewelry, a silky blouse, a black long A-line skirt and totteringly
high heels. She pulled out her chair, sat, and held her purse in her lap. "Hi."

"Hell-o" he stretched it out to two syllables.

"You read it?" she asked, her head lowered, eyes focused on the tables' edge.

"I did. I'm very intrigued." Was she blushing?

She looked over her shoulder, then the other. She darted a hand into her purse,
came out with something he couldn't see, then she stretched over and stuffed it
in his side jacket pocket. As she straightened, the waitress brought the coffee.

His hand dipped in the pocket and fingered the material. Silky. Was that a
string of elastic? His cock began to stiffen as he realized she had presented
him with the panties that she had worn that night.

In one of his favorite stories on line, a woman had agreed to her husband's
possessive desires in just such a way, a simple gesture of stripping her silky
panties and giving them to her new master.

"... and your cappachino, sir." The waitress presented his coffee, quite unaware
of her patron's thoughts, his hand in one pocket.

"Thanks. Has it been a busy night?" Rob asked her, looking over at Adrianna.
While the waitress chattered about the highs and lulls of the restaurant
business, Adriana's eyes were focused laser-like on Rob's hand in the jacket
pocket.

"Are you o.k., Adriana? Your face looks quite flushed."

Adriana looked up wide-eyed at both Rob and the concerned waitress. "Umm, no,
fine actually. The cappachino's quite hot."

The waitress smiled, asked if there would be anything else, then went off to
tally the bill.

"I assume you don't want dessert."

She smiled. She had applied fresh lipstick while in the restroom, and her mouth
looked fantastic. "I thought I could entice you with something sweet back in the
room." She sipped coffee, leaving a red lip print on the cup.

"Do you feel o.k. with this?" Rob asked.

"I think so. I feel very strange in public with... you know what I gave you?"

"Shall I put them on the table?" he reached down toward his pocket.

"No!" she hissed. "No, don't do that. Don't do that to me. Not here."

He said, in carefully measured tones, "I'll do what I want, exactly how I want
to. Isn't that what you want?"

She smiled againand lowered her eyes demurely. "I think I'm ready to go when you
are."

The bill paid, the valet retrieved the car and in minutes they were driving back
to their hotel. She leaned over and kissed his cheek, reaching to stroke his
erection through his slacks.

"Sit back," he growled at her. She obeyed immediately. "Now raise your skirt so
I can look at your sexy legs while I drive."

"Rob, this skirt isn't made for that," she protested.

"You'll do what I say, or you'll suffer for it later. If fact, you'll be
punished for hesitating just now."

Adriana made a little noise of protest. Then she gathered fabric in her hands
and slowly drew the skirt so that the hem was just up past her knees.

"Higher than that," Rob insisted. "I want to see some thigh."

"Rob, this material will wrinkle!"

His unspoken reprimand stung her. She lifted herself from the seat and pulled
the skirt higher, exhibiting more of her shapely, silky nylon legs. She settled
herself and reached for his hand.

He held the hand. "No panties," he reminded her, matter-of-factly.

"The seam is rubbing right into me. Is the hotel much farther?"

----------------------

As they walked down the corridor, she passed the room card to him. She had been
the last to leave the room. He slid the bar code through the slot, pushed the
door open as the light turned green.

There was a small zippered bag set on the edge of the bed. He remembered seeing
it in her luggage. As she closed draperies and adjusted lights, she said, "Open
it darling. I hope I did all right. It's all for you. Happy anniversary."

She must have found the adults-only story in the next town over. He took soft
leather cuffs from the bag, and turned toward her. Adriana now stood patiently
before him, flushed, eyes down, hands clasped in front of her. He fastened one
cuff on her left wrist. He looked at Adriana's face. Then he pulled her arm,
spinning her, grabbed her right arm and cuffed her hands behind her. "Oh god,"
she whimpered.

Rob noticed they were standing alongside a floor-length dressing mirror. He held
his prisoner so they both looked at the mirror. "You look so hot," he murmured.
He felt for the zipper at the back of her long skirt. Adriana stretched her
fingers, fumbling uncertainly at his throbbing cock. He pushed away her bound
hands. "You'll have your chance," he whispered.

The zipper free, the skirt loosened on her hips and with a push, fell in a heap
at her feet. He drew on the tails of her blouse, uncovering her thatch of hair
trapped under her pantyhose.   With his left hand he held her wrists and the
gathered blouse; with his right he stroked the V between her legs, his fingers
coming up hot and moist. Adriana closed her eyes and sighed, finishing with a
moan.

"Step out of your skirt," he suggested and she complied. He swept away the
garment, openly admiring her toned legs in the high black heels. Adriana stood
with feet close together, rubbing her thighs together impotently, shaking her
cuffs behind her.

He fished in the bag and came out with a long black scarf. He stood behind
Adriana, looking over her shoulder in the mirror. He held the scarf in front of
her waist, a hand on either side of her. He slowly brought the scarf up, pausing
to rub the taut silk against her full breasts. He brought the scarf up in front
of her mouth, then higher, pulling it across her eyes and knotting it behind her
head. "Oh god, this is so wild," she whispered.

"Do you want me to stop?" he asked gently.

"No, no, don't stop. God I want you!"

"In time. Do you know what a safe word is? If things are going beyond a point
where you are comfortable and you want me to stop, just say 'mercy' and I'll
stop. 'Til then, though, we're play acting, and don't get scared."

She answered with a nod and a gulp.

Rob steered her toward the bed and ordered her to stand there. He unbuttoned her
silky blouse, and caressed each full breast through her black silken Victoria's
Secret underwire bra.

He settled at an angle on the edge of the bed, and guided Adriana across his
lap. Her torso and head lay across the bed, her hips across his lap, her legs
stretched behind her ending in a pair of sexy black heels. He settled his right
hand on her buttock cheek, his left on her lower back.

"You know what I'm going to do?" he asked. There was no response. "Say it, say
what I'm going to do."

She giggled. "Spank," she spat out. "You're going to spank me."

"I don't see the humor in that," he said and swatted her. She gasped. "And keep
those shoes on. If they come off your feet, I'll spank you with the sole of your
shoe." He stung her other cheek. "And I might fuck you with the heel," he said
with emphasis.

She gasped as he spanked her again. And again. He alternated cheeks, then
hesitated. Adriana clenched her buttocks as she anticipated his swat. He pounded
one repeatedly, then switched to the other. Her gasps quickly turned to moans.
"Too hot," she said. "Too hard, too hot."

He stopped then, gripped the waistband of the pantyhose and drew them down
across her thighs. Then he resumed the spanking, trying to ignore her heady
musk, her frustrated moans, and the ache in his pants.

He stopped as they were both panting for breath. "Gaa, I feel so slutty," she
gasped. "Ohh!" A throaty moan escaped her lips as he probed her vagina with
three fingers.

-----------------------

"Get on your knees," Rob directed, lifting her hips and pushing her away so that
the weight of her legs dragged her down off the bed. She leaned heavily against
the bed, struggling to get upright on her knees.

As he stripped, he looked at Adriana kneeling upright by the bed. Wonton and
willing. Eyes masked with a black silk blindfold. Her tailored blouse open and
slipped off one shoulder, exposing her perfect breasts encased in a silken
uplifting bra. Her arms drawn behind her - he could see the leather cuffs in the
mirror, as well as the black high heels. Her pantyhose waistband bound her
thighs together.

"How are you doing? You o.k. with this?" he asked softly.

She grinned and laughed wickedly. "Let me show you," Adriana said and cautiously
parted her lips, waiting for his assault. His cock penetrated her recently
made-up mouth, sawing in and out. He gripped her thick blond hair with one hand,
and squeezed her breast with the other, pausing to tear the bra strap from her
shoulder.

Rob loved having her like this, both looking straight down on her, then with a
turn of his head, watching her in the mirror. He loved how her dangling earrings
showed just beneath the wraparound blindfold. Her carefully made-up fingernails
kept rolling into fists as Adriana struggled with her bonds behind her. His hand
fondled the bare breast, still partially held up by the tight underwire bra. She
still wore the high-heeled shoes, and with her thighs bound by the pantyhose,
she had spread her feet for better balance.

His cock popped from her mouth as she turned her head away. "If you untie my
hands, I could touch your balls," she gasped. A thin string of spittle stretched
from his cock head to the corner of her mouth.

Too many images, too many sensations, and now that. He grabbed his cock as it
spurted, shooting a stream onto Adriana's cheek, the blindfold, and the blouse
hanging on her shoulder. He squeezed the last drops from it.

"Sorry," he muttered.

"Did I do alright? Was that o.k.? God that was so hot. It's so warm and sticky
on me." He sat her on the bed edge and dashed to the bathroom for a moistened
cloth. Rob bathed her cheek and neck, loosening the blindfold and letting it
fall away. Adriana blinked at the light, and looked up at him adoringly.

He kissed her passionately.

She smiled coyly at him. "More?" she asked.




Part II
Her Anniversary Present

Rob sat on the small couch in their hotel suite, sipping his vodka tonic (with
no lime). He could hear the shower running in the bath as Adriana rinsed the
sweat from her long lithe body.

He was still amazed at the generous way she had given herself over to their
bondage game, and gratified at her good grace in accepting his tumultuous orgasm
over her own. He had untied her as swiftly as he could given shaky legs, and
Adriana had embraced him and held her mouth pressed to his for so long he
thought their lips might bruise.

Rob had slid on boxer shorts and dropped into the couch as she stripped the
sticky blouse from her shoulders. "It may not be romantic, but it is practical;
I have to soak this," she said, moving to the marble handsink, running water,
and submerging her fine blouse and the silken scarf which had bound her eyes.
Then she picked up her skirt that he had kicked away under the desk, and her own
discarded pantyhose and bra. Housekeeping completed, she had prepared his
cocktail from the mini bar, as he promised to pay for her dry cleaning and for
the new toys in her magical bag. Adriana kissed him on the cheek as she
delivered the drink and announced that she was going to take a shower. "But I'm
not letting you off the hook. You owe me an orgasm, and you're going to give me
one.  I want you inside of me."

What to do with his victim? He glared at the king-sized bed. Didn't beds used to
have headboards on which to bind young maidens' arms, he mused. He got up and
walked to the head of the bed. A soft bolster was mounted on the wall-great for
reading in bed perhaps, but not for tying young women. He explored the bedside
stand. It had the requisite legs. He gave it a shake. Also mounted to the wall.
Excellent!

He dumped out Adriana's bag of tricks and snatched two cords. He tied one to a
leg on the bedside stand, and with the other end, secured a leather cuff. He
repeated the operation with the bedstand on the other side.

The shower stopped. He knew that was just the beginning-she'd have to towel off,
brush her hair, apply moisturizer. Rob swept the materials back into the bag,
setting it within reach. He returned to his spot on the small couch, detouring
by the desk to set the lamp and phone on the floor.

"Are you ready?" she called to him.

"To see you, or for another drink?" he asked.

He heard her Bronx cheer, then watched her step around the corner into the room.
She wore a striking blueish purple teddy, drawn tightly across her crotch, cut
very high at the hips. It was held up with elastic over her breasts, like a
bandeau top? The ultimate accent: she was wearing similar-colored elbow length
gloves. He felt his cock begin to stir to attention.

"Wow," he exclaimed as he got up. "You look absolutely delicious."

"Do you like it? Do you think the gloves are a bit much?"

"Too much? No, how could you even say such a thing. My gosh, you look
incredible."

She looked at herself in the mirror, straight on and in profile as she
explained. "I found them while I was cleaning out a closet. I needed them for a
bridesmaid dress a few years ago, and thought then, 'how impractical!' But I
held onto them. Then I saw this at a store," she ran her hands down her sides
and back up again, "and the color was so close, I thought what the hell."

"Speaking of color," Adriana started, turning to him, "I hope you're proud of
yourself," She turned and lifted the hem of the teddy, exposing her reddened
backside. "My ass is so tender, the water from the shower head brought tears to
my eyes." She looked over her shoulder, grinning madly at him.

"Are you still prepared to give yourself over to me?" he asked gently.

"In a minute." She turned to him and embraced him, pulling his head down to give
him a passionate kiss, their tongues anxiously probing one another's. Then she
broke the kiss and stepped back, wrapping her gloved arms behind her. "Do with
me what you will, oh master!"

He led Adriana to the bed, and she quickly took in the cuffs on either side of
the bed. She crawled across the top of it, then rolled over onto her back,
voluntarily extending her arms to either side. Rob cuffed her gloved wrist, then
readjusted the knot, pulling up the slack and securing her to the bedstand. He
walked around the bed and repeated the operation, stretching her arms across the
width of the king-sized bed. "Try it," he ordered, and she strained at her
bonds.

At the foot of the bed, he seized an ankle in each hand and drew her body down
the bed, stretching her arms even more. "Hey," she complained. He released her
and she squirmed higher to relieve most of the tension on her arms.

He picked up a bed pillow and had her lift her ass so he could support her hips
on the pillow for a better angle.

He turned to the desk, lifted it and brought it to the foot of the bed. With
more cord from the zippered bag, he tied each of Adriana's ankles to legs of the
desk, stretching her body spread-eagle.

Already his cock was rising in his shorts.

"Well, you got a shower, I think I need one now."

"Rob, you can't leave me here like this," she whined.

"That's a good point, what if you cry out?" He rummaged in the bag and came out
with a roll of red sport tape and another square of cloth.

Adriana's eyes widened as he sat on the bed next to her and worked loose the end
of the sticky cloth tape from its roll. She talked very fast: "Rob, you can't
gag me. I mean this is my first time and you'll be in the shower and what if
something goes wrong and what if someone's at the door--"

"I'm in control here. You gave yourself to me. And I can't have you yelling
while I'm in the shower." He explained patiently.

"But what about our safeword? I can't call out our safeword --" the rest was
lost as he stuffed the cloth into her protesting mouth. She spun her head away,
working it from side to side, but he stayed with her. He gently but firmly held
her jaw open as he carefully packed in the cloth. Then he began to wrap the
crimson cloth tape over her mouth, behind her head, careful not to trap her
hair. About 5 or 6 passes around, and he tore off the tape end. The tape covered
her mouth from beneath her nostrils to just short of the point of her chin. He
poked a finger into her ribcage and listened to her muffled squeal. Fine, he
thought to himself.

"Adriana, don't worry so. You won't need the safeword, I won't do anything any
worse than what we did before." He rummaged in the bag and withdrew her
vibrator. He laid it carefully between her legs, one end balanced on the pillow,
the other lying across her crotch. He did not turn it on.

Rob stepped back to view his prize. Barely clad in purple, her legs spread,
gloved arms firmly outstretched. Mouth sealed with crimson tape. A plastic cock
rising from her crotch.

The drapery brushed at his shoulder, and a new thought occurred. He peeked out
the window, then slowly drew the drape open about 12 inches. He grinned
maniacally listening to her squeal and seeing the newfound struggle as she
worked to get loose. Clearly she didn't remember that their view opened on to
the lake; there was no building opposite them.

"Now you put on a good show for the neighbors," he instructed as he stripped off
the shorts, his penis jutting out at a curved angle. "Think of me."

He tried to make his shower last a long time, but patience was impossible. He
carefully soaped his cock and balls, anxious to get back to her and sink into
her wet pussy. He turned off the water, dried himself, and knotted the towel
around his waist.

Of course she was still there, nipples turgid through the thin material of her
nightgown, her face flushed with excitement. The vibe had fallen away as she
twisted, and lay pointing downward, between her ass cheeks. Later, perhaps, he
thought, as he took it away and set it on the bed.

He straddled her torso and began kneading her full breasts through the sexy top.
He loved the way Adriana's hair spilled on the pillow, her wide eyes, her
covered mouth. He loved the gloved arms reaching out at 10 and at 2 o'clock. Rob
slowly pulled at the elastic top, sliding it down Adriana's breasts, until they
popped over the edge. He rolled each nipple between his fingers adoringly, and
she closed her eyes and sighed deeply.

He pulled the towel off his waist and dropped it over the edge of the bed. He
positioned himself, squeezing her breasts together in a channel to run his cock
through for a few strokes. He stopped a moment, then carefully moved his foot
between her thighs, pressing his toe against her puffy sex. She giggled a
little. Then he resumed his tit-fucking.

Rob stopped and cautiously dismounted. Adriana made a nasally pleading noise and
watched with anxious eyes. He rescued the vibrator, turned it to a low setting,
and slowly traced it down her throat, across and between her breasts, lifting it
over her tummy and placing it lightly on the pantied crotch. The silken material
was almost sodden with her juices. He raised a leghole, pulling the crotch to
one side and pressed the smooth rounded head of the vibrator against her pouting
pussy lips. A few seconds later, he worked the length of it into her.

Adriana tried frantically to piston her hips, but the cords held and she could
only toss her head in frustration. Clearly, Rob was in charge here, and she
willed herself to relax and enjoy his performance.

He tired of forcing the material away, so he undid the buttons of the crotch and
tucked the teddy material away. With one hand he continued to fuck Adriana with
the vibrator. With the other, he held open her pussy lips and gently fingered
her love button. Were her hands not bound, he knew, she most certain would have
applauded.

Rob could tell by her breathing, her sweat, her struggles that Adriana was close
to cumming. He withdrew the vibrator and shut it off.

He slid his fleshy sword into her like it was coming home. She squealed with
delight. As she involuntarily pulled her legs, the desk banged against the foot
of the bed.

One hand on her hip, the other massaging her breasts and nipples, he kissed her
neck, his cheek pressed against her red gag. He rose on his elbows, looked into
her eyes, and pressed his lips against hers. She groaned, frustrated by the
barrier, chewing at the material he had packed into her mouth.

He sawed in and out of her pussy with savage abandon, his hips pistoning up and
down, thrusting his shaft, piercing her. Adriana forgot to struggle, forgot the
cords holding her ankles and wrists, even the gag in her mouth as she gave
herself over to his passion. They were fucking like horny teenagers, hammering
one-anothers' pubic bone with each passionate stroke.

He felt it surging up inside of him, and changed his tempo. She recognized the
change and protested with a groan. All the sensations, and that moan, put him
over the top and he pulsed his creme into her.

As she felt his cockhead pulse within her, Adriana realized she too was cumming,
throbbing, cumming like she never had before. She tried to trap him with her
thighs, tighten her grip on his cock, and she pulled hopelessly at the leather
and rope binding her wrists.

He lay atop her exhausted now, listening to her heavy pants and sighs through
her nose. He clawed at the velcro-like fabric, pulling it down off her face,
spilling across her throat. He pulled the sodden cloth from her mouth and cast
it somewhere off the bed. She sucked in air gratefully.

He fumbled with his right hand, unbuckling her left gloved wrist. Slowly Adriana
lowered the arm, certain her muscles would ache even more in the morning.

"Don't," she said as he made to get off her.

"I should, I'm too heavy, I need to untie you."

Her answer was an intimate squeeze of his joint, buried in her. "In a minute.
Just lay here, on me, and enjoy the moment."

# # #




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





