BDSM Library - Kai's Story




Kai's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sequel to "My Name is Jane Davenport" (listed on this site as "Jane Randolph"), Kai Stevens, an agent for the DEA runs afoul of the notorious drug agent, Joquin Morales.
My story, "My Name is Jane Davenport" was posted some years ago and prompted
several favorable responses.  Sequels are not always as good as the first but,
nevertheless,  I have enjoyed writing this story.  As usual, the events in this
tale are entirely fictional and have no real basis for fact in real life. 
Anyone who objects to torture, sadism, bondage, slavery and such should seek
other forms of entertainment.

Comments, as always will be welcome at kemosab1@yahoo.com

This story is protected under copyright laws and may not be reproduced without
my permission.




Kai's Story

							Prologue

There were two small stories buries deep in Section One of the Los Angeles
Times:

					SCHOOL TEACHER STILL MISSING

Jane Davenport, a Mission Hills Secondary school teacher is still missing, more
than two years after she disappeared while on vacation in Belize.  Miss
Davenport, an attractive brunette, was last seen when she rented a small car in
Belize City and drove off to seek a private beach.  Authorities in Belize
conducted a thorough search after finding her abandoned automobile but were
unable to determine her whereabouts.

Miss Davenport has no known relatives in this area.

					DRUG LORD UNACCOUNTED FOR

Joaqu�n Morales, the notorious drug smuggler, has not been seen for several
months.  The Drug Enforcement Agency, who has been after him for years, suspects
he has moved his operation to South America but have no information as to his
location.  Meanwhile, the supply of drugs infiltrating through his normal
channels has not diminished.




							ONE

She wiped her forehead on her shirtsleeve and raised the glasses back to her
eyes.  "Jeez!" she thought to herself, "9:00 in the morning and its already
100�."  Her shirt was soaked with sweat as she huddled beneath the palm.

Kai Stevens was a twenty-eight year-old former Miss Oklahoma who had joined the
Drug Enforcement Agency five years ago.  Blue-eyed, blonde, with her hair cut
extremely short, she was a 5'3" muscular but sensual woman.  For he last two
years she had been an agent in the field, tracking the whereabouts of Joaqu�n
Morales.  Finally, through several tips, she had discovered his main base of
operations deep in the jungle of Panama.

Joaqu�n Morales had, for many years, operated in Belize dealing in both drugs
and women.  Powerful beyond imagination, he only was driven out when a new
political party was swept into office on the promise of ridding the country of
its unsavory inhabitants.  He had disappeared for more than a year before rumors
had him relocating in one of the Central American countries.  Kai had only
learned that he was in Panama a month before.

She looked through the field glasses and saw a large clearing deep in the
jungle.  Several structures had been erected and it appeared that a small river
ran near one side of the clearing.  Behind one of the structures appeared to be
a water wheel, which Kai knew was essential to the refinement of the cocaine
powder Joaqu�n was shipping to the U.S.  Several men were milling about but none
of them looked like Joaqu�n.  Kai had only seen pictures of the notorious
drug-dealer but was sure that she would recognize him when she saw him in
person.

She took her camera from her backpack and began to take pictures of the
encampment through her telephoto lens.  As she did, she thought of the rumor
that an American woman had been kidnapped by Morales two years ago.  Kai
wondered what had been the fate of that poor woman.

So intent in her study of the camp, she was unaware of the faint footsteps
behind her until she felt the cold metal gun barrel press against the back of
her neck.  She dropped the camera and rolled over on her back, only to stare
into the dark eyes of a man holding an AK47 on her.

"Get up!" he snarled, motioning with the rifle.  "Get up!"

Kai slowly rose to her feet, smiling foolishly at her captor while she raised
her hands over her head.  Thoughts were racing through her mind on how she might
escape but the AK47 was buried in her stomach and she realized that escape was a
poor choice at that point.

The man motioned with his rifle for her to start walking toward the camp. 
Prodded by the gun barrel, Kai stumbled along the dense trail into the clearing
where a dozen or more armed men immediately surrounded her.  With her limited
knowledge of Spanish, Kai understood the obscene comments of several of the men
who stared at her large breasts, outlined in their entirety beneath the soaking
cloth of her shirt.  Prodded again by the rifle, Kai was herded into one of the
buildings that circled the clearing.

Seated behind a desk sat a bearded man Kai instantly recognized as Joaqu�n
Morales.  Kneeling between his legs, her head bobbing up and down above his
crotch, was a naked woman.  Morales drew on a cigar as he studied Kai
dispassionately, seemingly unaffected by the ministrations of the woman at his
feet.

Finally he pushed the woman's head away and stood, zipping his trousers and
walking around in front of the desk.  The woman stood with a bewildered look on
her face, unconcerned by her nudity.  Kai recognized her as an American even
though her flesh was darkly tanned from long exposure to the jungle sun.  Kai
again thought of the American schoolteacher who had been captured by Morales and
wondered if this were she.  If so, Morales had turned her into his personal
sex-slave.  Was this blue-eyed brunette the Jane Davenport that she had heard
of?  For the first time Kai saw that the woman wore a leather collar around her
neck from which a chain hung down between her naked breasts.  Leather cuffs
circled her wrists and ankles.  Her sex was covered with a small triangle of
leather that hung from a thong that rode low on her hips.  Silver rings pierced
each of her nipples.

Her thoughts were interrupted by smoke blown into her face by Morales.  She
coughed and sneezed before turning her head to one side.  Suddenly her head
rocked back from a stinging blow to the side of her cheek, followed by another
that sent her head reeling.  Tears ran from her eyes as she sought to regain her
composure.

"Tell me who you are and why I should not have you shot immediately for
trespassing?" Morales growled.

"I am Kai Stevens," she replied, "and I was hiking through the jungle when your
man rudely detained me.  I am on a ten day hiking trek with other members of my
group who will be quite disturbed if I don't join them soon."

Another slap rocked her head back and she gasped at the force of the blow.  Her
eyesight blurred temporarily and she staggered a bit before steadying herself.

"You lie!" he roared.  "Why were you spying on us?"

"I was not spying on you!  I was just surprised to find a camp here in the
middle of the jungle and was looking to make sure that you were friendly. 
Obviously you're not!"

Another blow to her cheek sent Kai staggering backward and almost falling down. 
She raised her hand to her cheek and shook her head in an effort to clear her
mind.  "You bastard!" she muttered, a trickle of blood running from her nose.

"No one happens by here by mistake," Morales scorned.  "You were spying on us. 
Why?"

"I told you!  I got lost from the rest of my group and was surprised to find
your camp here in the jungle.  Now, let me go and I won't bother you anymore."

"You must be foolish to think I would let you go to tell everyone of my
whereabouts.  I will find out why you were here.  You see this woman here?  Once
she was as stubborn as you were.  Joaqu�n Morales understands the ways to break
a woman. Pedro, take our guest to the shed.  See that she is made comfortable."

The shed was nothing more than a six-foot by six foot corrugated metal shed. 
The floor was simply dirt.  The only furnishings were two wooden chairs, one
with arms and the other without.  Thrust inside, Kai's arms were spread wide
apart and manacles clasped around her wrists attached to chains hanging from
each wall.  Inside the shed the temperature must have been 120�.  Kai found it
difficult to even breathe in the intense heat as she stood confined by the
fetters around her wrists.  To her surprise, the man called Pedro removed her
shoes and socks and simply turned and left her alone.  In a matter of minutes,
she was soaking wet with perspiration.

Kai had no means of determining how long she remained in the shed.  Her throat
was parched and her tongue felt as if it were three times its normal size.  A
puddle of water rested beneath her bare feet and her shirt and trousers were
soaked.  Finally the door swung open and the woman Kai had seen in Joaqu�n's
office appeared.  Still naked, she held a small bucket in one hand and a knife
in the other.

"Water. . ." Kai moaned.  "I need water. . ."

Setting the bucket down at Kai's feet, the woman ladled a cup of water from it
and held it to Kai's lips.  Thirstily, Kai drank it in a couple of swallows and
silently mouthed a request for more.  Again, the cup was held to her lips and
Kai gulped it down quickly.

"What is your name?" Kai asked, when she was able to use her tongue once again.

"I am known as Selani," the woman replied, picking up the knife.

"Do you know a woman named Jane Randolph?"

"Yes.  Jane Randolph is no longer alive."

'How did she die?"

"She gave up her freedom as a woman and became a slave named Selani."

"My God!  You are Jane Randolph!"

"No, my name is now Selani.  Now, be quiet while I remove your clothes."

"Wait!  Stop!  Listen, Selani, or Jane Randolph, whatever your name is. . .I've
got to get out of here!  Help me escape and I'll take you with me.  We can
escape from this monster named Joaqu�n Morales."

"There is no escape from Joaqu�n.  Those who have tried lived only a short time
to regret it.  Besides, I am here because I chose to be here.  Why would I want
to leave?"

Selani slowly unbuttoned Kai's shirt, exposing her breasts barely contained by
her bra.  Sweat was running in rivers between her two mounds as Selani pulled
the shirt apart. Inserting the knife in the cuff of the right sleeve, Selani
easily ran the blade upward toward Kai's shoulder, parting the material with no
trouble.  Turning to the left, she repeated the process.  What was now three
pieces of material fell to the floor.

"Wait, Selani!" Kai pleaded.  "Why are you doing this?"

"Because Joaqu�n told me to.  If I didn't he'd punish me."  Selani unbuckled
Kai's belt and pulled it from her trousers.  With a few quick strokes, what was
left of Kai's trousers joined the remnants of her shirt.

"What a beautiful bra!" Selani exclaimed as she inserted the knife between Kai's
tits.  'It's a shame to ruin it."  An upward thrust parted the material and two
more slit the shoulder straps, freeing Kai's bountiful breasts.

"Please!" cried Kai.  "Don't ruin my panties.  I'll step out of them if you'll
just pull them down."

"Alright.  But you're being foolish.  You won't need them anymore."  After
removing the brief undergarment, Selani studied the silk briefs.  "I remember
wearing these.  I'll keep them to tease Joaqu�n with some time."

Selani left, leaving Kai once again to her thoughts.  Her nakedness did nothing
to ease the discomfort of the heat in the shed as sweat continued to pour from
her body.  Sometime after Selani had left, Morales with his aide, Pedro, entered
the shed.  Morales sat in one of the chairs, staring at Kai.

"Nice!  Your tits are a little too big, but you look like you could put in a
full day's work."

"Morales, you're making a big mistake.  Turn me loose now and it will go a lot
easier on you."

"Turn you loose?  Easier for me?  I think you've lost your perspective as well
as a lot of sweat!"

"Let me bring you up to date, Kai Stevens.  You are an agent for the Drug
Enforcement Agency.  I knew that the minute they brought you into my office. 
What I would like to know is if there are any of your compatriots out there who
also know where I am.  Now, you can divulge that information freely or we can
obtain it under duress.  I much prefer the latter although if you're smart,
you'll talk now."

'You're out of your mind!  I told you!  I'm on a hike and got separated from my
friends."

"OK, Pedro.  Kai, do you see that little piece of garden hose in Pedro's hand? 
He is an expert at using it.  Doesn't break the skin but can certainly send a
message.  Maybe we should start with about five strokes, just to get you in the
mood."

Joaqu�n nodded at Pedro who took up his position to Kai's left and slightly
behind her.  As she turned her head to see what he was doing, the flash of the
rubber hose was all she saw before pain exploded across her back.

'Unnnnnhhhhhhhh!" her breath left her in one huge gasp as her body surged
forward.  Kai's eyes widened in astonishment at the power of anguish created by
the rubber hose.  It was as if her body had been torn in two.  Before she had a
chance to recover, the hose landed again.

"AAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHH!!!"  Her scream tore from her lungs while she went into a
paroxysm of agony.  Her legs gave way, no longer did they have the strength to
support her.  She hung by her arms, her head thrown back in a display of
complete misery.  As she fought for her breath, the hose greeted her for the
third time.

"YAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!"  The small shed echoed with her cries while she
jerked back and forth in a desperate attempt to dissipate the pain.  A stream of
urine shot from between her thighs and she shook her head in a silent attempt to
beg for an end to her torture.

Joaqu�n watched the prisoner with interest.  She was a picture of eroticism as
her body danced to the tune of the hose.  Morales felt himself becoming erect
while he watched her agony and decided to keep this one rather than sell her or
kill her.

Pedro waited until she had recovered slightly.  With her breast heaving as she
breathed desperately, Kai turned to Morales with tears streaming from her eyes.

"Oh, God!  Please!  Have mercy!  I can't stand it!"

The hose struck her again.

"UUUNNNNNNNHHHHHHHH!!!!!"  Kai was sent once again into a convulsion of torment. 
Sweat dripped from her body now as she jerked around, threatening to tear her
arms from her shoulders.

The hose struck again.

AAAAARRRRRRGGGGGHGHHHHHHH!!!!!"  Kai collapsed, her head falling forward as she
puked all over herself.  The room began to stink from the combination of her
piss, puke and sweat.  Her hair, soaked with sweat, hung down over her eyes. 
Kai was little more than an assortment of flesh and nerves as she swayed back
and forth, struggling to breathe, her body covered with filth, sweat and puke. 
For several long minutes, the only sound in the shed was her sobbing.  Finally,
she became quiet and gathered her legs under her once again.

"Now," Morales said, "tell us who you are."

Kai raised her head and peered at Morales through blood shot eyes.  For a few
moments she was silent until Pedro raised the hose once again.

"Wait!  No More!  My name is Kai Stevens."

"And who do you work for?"

Kai swallowed hard.  There was no way she could endure that hose again.

"The D.E.A.," she whispered.

Pedro flicked the whip, brushing her back slightly but Kai screamed at its
touch.

"I can't hear you," Joaqu�n said.

"THE D.E.A!"  Kai screamed.  "THE FUCKING DRUG ENFORCEMENT AGENCY, YOU
BASTARDS!"

"Oh, God!" she moaned, her head shaking back and forth in disbelief at the
situation she found herself in.

"Now, Kai, I want you to tell me if there are any other agents who know of my
whereabouts."

Kai shook her head slowly from side to side.  "They only guessed that you were
down here.  They sent me to check out the rumors."

"Alright," Morales said, expelling a stream of cigar smoke from his pursed lips. 
"We will see if you are telling the truth.  In the meantime, you will be put to
work."




							TWO

Kai was taken from the shed and was surprised to find that the sun was beginning
to settle below the tops of the trees surrounding the encampment.  Had she
really been in that shed all day?  Exhausted and sore, she stumbled after Pedro
as he led her across the compound toward the stream and water wheel that she had
seen earlier from above the camp.

She was taken into a small building next to the river and found that there were
five other women there.  All of them naked with their wrists chained together by
a short length of chain, they lay on the bare floor.  All of them appeared to be
Hispanic and a couple were obviously asleep.  The ones who were awake stared at
her curiously as Pedro snapped cuffs around her wrists and connected them with a
length of chain.  Turning, he left the building and Kai heard a lock close as he
shut the door behind him.

The building had no windows and the only door was the one she had entered which
was now locked.  Kai saw that there was a bucket in the corner of the room that
was obviously to serve as a toilet, since there were small puddles of urine at
its edges.  Other than that, there was no other article of furniture in the
room.

Kai sank to the floor and leaned back against the wall, gently testing her
tortured back before resting her weight against it.  The other women had turned
their backs to her now and appeared to be sleeping.  A sudden sense of fatigue
swept over her and she lay down on the floor, soon to fall asleep. 

Pedro awakened her from an exhaustive sleep.  Two of the women were already
awake and standing submissively near the door.  Pedro released her hands from
the length of chain but kept her wrists cuffed.  Motioning for her to stand, she
took her place next to the other two women and watched as Pedro linked them
together with another short piece of chain.  Grasping one of the women by her
hair, he jerked her toward the door and led the three of them outdoors.

It was still dark but hints of sunrise were beginning to show over the tops of
the surrounding forest.  Pedro led the three women behind the building and Kai
saw that there were three treadmills next to the narrow river flowing next to
the camp.  An elaborate arrangement of equipment beside the treadmills connected
them to the water wheel which was unmoving. Pedro began attaching the handcuffs
of the other two women to two of the treadmills.  When he grabbed Kai, it became
clear that she was also going to be required to work along side the other two.

With her wrists firmly attached to a bar across the top of the treadmill, Pedro
barked a command for the three women to begin walking.  The two beside Kai
immediately began a quick stride as the treadmill whirred into action.  A blow
from the whip across her back galvanized Kai into action and she began to tread
along the never-ending belt.  Slowly the water wheel began to turn, lifting
water from the river until it emptied into a canal high overhead.

Faster and faster the two other women moved, encouraged by Pedro's whip, until
they were running at full tilt. Kai was in good physical condition and she found
herself striding easily.  She was embarrassed that her tits were flopping up and
down but the pace was not difficult at all.  After an hour, she was sweating
easily and breathing heavily but had not begun to tire.  The other two women
were setting a fast pace but Kai felt challenged to keep up with them.  She
ignored Pedro and his whip as she ran faster and faster.

When Pedro signaled a break and the treadmill began to slow, Kai suddenly
realized that she was exhausted.  So caught up in the competitiveness with the
other two women, she had totally ignored the fact that she was running out of
gas.  As the treadmill came to a stop, Kai collapsed on top of it, her breasts
heaving as she gasped for breath. Sweat poured from every pore now and her hair
was soaked as well.  The other two women were no better off as they knelt in
exhaustion atop the two other treadmills.

Pedro allowed them thirty minutes to rest before cracking his whip and the
treadmills began to move once again.  Kai and the other women struggled to their
feet and began to trot again at a slow pace.  Stiff from her earlier exertions,
Kai labored to keep moving.  Encouraged by Pedro's whip, she soon was keeping
pace with the other women and the water wheel turned quickly at their side.

The day seemed to last forever.  Thirty minutes on the treadmill followed by
thirty minutes of rest.  For eight hours, Kai labored beside the other two
women; her world a blurred stage upon which she struggled to avoid Pedro's wrath
while instinctively moving in concert with the other two women.  At the end of
eight hours, Kai was on the verge of total exhaustion as Pedro released her
hands from the treadmill.  So weak from fatigue, she collapsed on the ground
beside the treadmill.

"Arriba!  Arriba, punta!"  The whip struck her back and Kai groaned as she
struggled to get to her feet.  She immediately collapsed  and the whip struck
again.  Moaning and sobbing, Kai crawled along the ground, her tits dragging in
the dirt as she sought to escape Pedro's whip.  Across the courtyard he drove
her, screaming and sobbing until they reached the building that housed the women
laborers.  Delirious now, Kai could barely reach the inside before Pedro slammed
the door shut and locked it.  With one final effort, she crawled over into a
corner and passed out.

It seemed like only minutes before Kai was awakened by a sharp pain across her
belly.  Opening her eyes, she found Pedro standing over her with his ubiquitous
whip.  Again he struck her. . .this time across her teats, evoking a cry of
dismay from the young woman.

"Get up, punta!  Time to go back to work!"

"No, Pedro, I can't!  I'm so tired I can't move!"

"You will move, you little whore, or Joaqu�n will peel the flesh from your body! 
Now!  On your feet!"

Although she tried, Kai could not muster the strength to stay on her feet. 
Collapsing to the floor, she sobbed in anger at defeat.  Pedro's whip was
unsuccessful in bringing her up and only succeeded in rendering her unconscious.

When Kai regained consciousness, she found herself hanging by her wrists in the
office of Joaqu�n Morales.  He was seated in a wooden chair several feet in
front of her with the woman Selani standing behind him.  Selani was massaging
his shoulders while the two of them stared at Kai.  Joaqu�n was shirtless and
Selani appeared to be as naked as Kai, save for the leather collar and metal
bands around her wrists and ankles.  The room was oppressively hot and a sheen
of perspiration covered the naked flesh of the three people in the room.

"Please," whispered Kai, "kill me. . ."

"Don't be stupid, my little agent," Joaqu�n replied.  "Why would I want to kill
you?  I anticipate hours of amusement with your body.  In time, you may join
Selani here as my favorite.  Or, if you disappoint me, well . . .Selani can tell
you of the alternatives that can make your life a living hell."

"You are a monster!" Kai cried, her body shaking with passion.  "I would never
submit to you!
Do what you will, you won't make me submit!  Never!"

Joaqu�n stood up and Kai noticed for the first time that he held  a whip in his
hand.  It appeared to be a flogger with dozens of leather strands dangling from
a short handle.  A tight smile crossed his face as he approached her.  Kai tried
to look defiant but in her heart she was terrified.

"You will submit to me, Kai Stevens.  Before I am through with you, you will
crawl on your belly to offer your body to me."

The whip lashed out and a surprised Kai gasped as the thongs buried into her
breasts.  A burning sensation began to spread from her chest throughout her body
while her abused mounds bounced from the force of the blow.  Another quickly
followed and Kai cried out in dismay as pain began to build.

Joaqu�n began to methodically whip Kai's tits until the tortured woman was
screaming at the top of her lungs.  Back and forth the whip struck, sending her
ample breasts flying in all directions.  Her body rocked and she threw her head
back in utter despair.  Joaqu�n grasped one of her nipples, squeezing it
cruelly, and lifted it to send a brutal stroke to the lower half of Kai's tit. 
Again and again he lashed at her until she was sobbing in complete agony.

Joaqu�n stopped for a moment, his arm tired.  Her hair hanging down over her
eyes, Kai shook in torment, her body dripping with sweat.  Through half-open
glazed eyes, she saw the woman Selani standing a few feet away, rubbing her
breasts with one hand and her pussy with the other.  It was as if she desired to
take Kai's place.  Little mewling sounds came from her throat as she worked
herself toward an orgasm.

Kai looked down at her tortured breasts and saw the red welts left by Joaqu�n's
whip.  Surprisingly, she noticed that her nipples had grown quite large and
hard.  Whether it was from Selani's obscene actions or something else, Kai felt
herself growing moist between her thighs.  Her obvious lewdness did not go
unnoticed by Joaqu�n.

He threw his arms around her and kissed her hard; his tongue raping the inner
sanctum of her mouth.  One hand grasped a tortured breast and squeezed it while
the other raked along the swollen lips of her pussy.  Kai gasped as she was sent
spiraling toward a climax that was as surprising as it was welcome.  With
Joaqu�n's mouth covering hers, Kai's scream of passion was only a faint cry. 
Her body shuddered as the orgasm exploded inside her.  As Joaqu�n pulled away,
she hung limply, her chest heaving, her juices running down her thighs.

It was then that Selani took his place, plunging her tongue between Kai's open
lips.  The two women's breasts rubbed against each other, eliciting erotic moans
from each.  Selani sank to her knees and pressed her mouth against Kai's
dripping sex  Her tongue reached out and licked at Kai's swollen clit, sucking
and nibbling at it until Kai screamed in wantonness.  Her body began to rock
back and forth to meet Selani's eager tongue.  All memory of the torture
inflicted on her breasts was forgotten in her mad rush toward another orgasm. 
As her belly was about to erupt, Selani was pulled from her ministrations by
Joaqu�n.

"Oh, God. . . ," moaned Kai.  "Please. . . finish me. . ."

The whip came from the floor and buried itself between Kai's legs.  A frantic
scream erupted from her throat before she threw back her head and fainted.

							-o0o-

When Kai regained consciousness, she was no longer in Joaqu�n's office. 
Instead, she had been taken to the stocks in the center of the compound and her
wrists and neck firmly locked in place.  The height of the stocks forced her to
bend at the waist until her back was parallel to the ground.  Her legs had been
spread apart and tied to stakes hammered into the dirt.  Kai realized sheepishly
that her entire sex was completely exposed and her tits were hanging obscenely
beneath her.  The slightest movement sent them swinging back and forth.  She was
staring directly at the treadmills that she had scorned earlier that day.  The
two Hispanic women that had shared their space with her the previous day were
running hard to keep the wheel turning, encouraged by the whip of Pedro.

Judging from the heat of the sun on her naked back, Kai guessed that it was mid
afternoon. She had lost all track of time while in Joaqu�n's office.  Her
thoughts turned back to the events earlier and the memory of Selani's 
ministrations brought another bout of desire to her brain.  Kai was bewildered
by her reactions.  Here she was in the hands of the most despicable and brutal
man, yet her thoughts were not of escape but of satisfying the burning cravings
inside her.

The sun was hot and Kai soon was sweating profusely.  Beads of perspiration
formed on her breasts and dripped off her nipples, forming small puddles beneath
her.  Sweat drenched her hair that hung down over her face and got in her eyes,
stinging, itching and driving her to the point of hysteria.  Each time she shook
her head, her breasts would swing obscenely back and forth beneath her.  The
muscles in her legs began to cramp and Kai, unable to move them, suffered
torments like she had never known.

Sometime later (Kai had lost all sense of time) Selani came and brought a bucket
of water.  Using a small ladle, she offered Kai a drink that the imprisoned
woman eagerly lapped up.  When Kai had had her fill, Selani used the rest of the
bucket to pour over Kai's sweat-drenched body.

"Thank you," whispered Kai in a hoarse voice.  "How long must I stay like this?"

"Joaqu�n hasn't told me," Selani answered.  "I was in your place once, long ago. 
I can tell you that you haven't begun to experience suffering like what is to
come.  I can only tell you that you must transcend the pain that will consume
you.  Once you are able to do that, you will encounter sensations like you've
never had before."

With those cryptic words, Selani turned and left Kai to ponder the meaning of
Selani's warning.

Not long after Selani's visit, Joaqu�n appeared before Kai's eyes.

"Enjoying your day in the sun?" he sneered.

"Joaqu�n, please," she whispered in a voice so faint it could hardly be heard. 
"Let me go.  I'll do whatever you want.  Put me back on the treadmill.  I'll
work as hard as I can.  I'm sorry I refused you earlier.  Just please turn me
loose."

"Not yet, my pretty one.  You must be taught a lesson.  You will obey commands
immediately without argument or be punished.  Now, you will notice that I am
hanging one of my favorite whips on the side of your stock.  It is a thin piece
of bamboo that has been covered in leather.  My men will be through with their
day's work soon and I have invited them to do whatever they wish with your body. 
Some may wish to fuck you.  Others will prefer to whip you.  Some, of course,
will do both.  Perhaps, by morning, you will be more compliant."

Kai moaned as Joaqu�n turned and walked away.  Complete despair began to
overcome her.

							* * * * *
Selani's arms were extended high over her head and tied to a beam in the
ceiling.  Her heart was beating a hundred miles an hour as she watched Joaqu�n
inspect his collection of whips.

"What will it be, my love?  The cane?  Perhaps the flogger on those perfect tits
of yours..  Or would you prefer the snake?"

Selani couldn't talk; her mouth was as dry as the desert.  She tried to lick her
lips but there was no saliva.

"You know you shouldn't have given the prisoner water, don't you?"

"I thought I was doing the right thing, Joaqu�n.  Without water, she will die."

"That is of no concern to you if she does.  I will determine when she drinks and
when she eats.  I will decide what she drinks and what she eats.  Do you
understand?"

"Yes."

"You're lucky I don't put you out there instead of her."

A scream echoed from the yard outside and the sound of leather meeting flesh
could be heard.

"Perhaps I should throw you to the men."

Selani smiled slightly at the thought but knew that Joaqu�n would never share
her with anyone.

"The flogger, love.  Use the flogger on my tits.  Make me scream like the whore
outside."




							THREE

Kai watched through tear-stained eyes as the day began to dawn.  The sun's early
light began to shine through the tall trees surrounding the encampment and the
sound of birds awakening pierced the silence of the night.  Her pain wracked
body shifted slightly, eliciting a faint moan from her throat.  Thick gobs of
semen dripped from her pussy and ran down her thighs.  Crimson weals
criss-crossed her ass and legs.  For eight hours she had been assaulted by every
means possible and endured every degradation imaginable.  Her throat hurt from
the penetration of so many cocks that she had lost count.  Even her bunghole had
not escaped the brutality of the night.

What really shocked Kai was her response to this ravishment.  By the time the
third man had penetrated her, she was panting like a bitch in heat and thrusting
her hips back to meet each thrust.  Even the attack of the whip had not dimmed
her lust but had even intensified her desire.  When the men had finally left her
alone, she could barely stand.

Joaqu�n came to her as the sun rose over the treetops.

"Well, aren't you a mess!"

Kai's hair hung down over her face, each strand coated with cum.  She raised her
head with difficulty.

"Joaqu�n, haven't you tortured me enough?  Please take me down from here."

"My, My!  Are you telling me you didn't enjoy last night?  I swear I thought I
heard moans of ecstasy coming from out here."

Kai blushed as she remembered her wanton reactions to her rape.  She whimpered a
bit before replying.

"Joaqu�n, I'll do anything you want.  Just let me loose here."

"You will remember that!" Joaqu�n said, as he released her from the stocks.  Kai
sank to her knees and began to rub her wrists where the wood bars had chafed
her.

"Suck my cock!"

Kai looked up at Joaqu�n with a shocked look in her eyes.  The drug runner had
unzipped his trousers and pulled out his cock, holding it inches from Kai's
face.  Mesmerized, Kai stared at the purple shaft as Joaqu�n peeled back the
foreskin.

"I. . .I. . .can't" she muttered, a little shake of her head.

Joaqu�n grabbed her arms and lifted her toward the stocks.

"No! NO!  Wait!  I'll do it!  Oh, God!  I'll do it! Noooooo!"

The bars of the stocks slammed down on her imprisoned wrists and neck and Kai
heard the lock snap shut.  A disconsolate cry rose from her throat as Joaqu�n
tied her ankles once again to the stakes, spreading her legs far apart.

"You will learn to obey me when I give you an order, bitch!  Let's see how you
feel after spending the day under our warm sun."

Joaqu�n took the cane whip and gently stroked the tip across Kai's breasts and
belly while the tortured young woman sobbed in despair.  With one quick stroke
across Kai's back, Joaqu�n dropped the whip and strode away, leaving Kai to her
agonies.

As the day progressed the sun began to take its toll on the helpless woman.  She
lapsed into periods of unconsciousness, punctuated by spells of delirium.  Her
throat felt as dry as the dirt beneath her feet and she was unable to focus her
eyes.  Sweat drenched her body and her hair while the muscles in her thighs and
calves cramped in unbelievable pain.  The sweat added to her agony as it invaded
the welts raised on her ass and thighs and began to sting.  As if her misery
weren't enough, flies swarmed over her, biting her flesh and crawling into her
ears and eyes.

As the sun began to set behind the trees surrounding the encampment, Kai was
released from the stocks.  She fell to the ground, unable to move. 

Sometime later, Kai became aware of boots standing inches from her face.  She
rolled over and stared up at Joaqu�n, his whip slapping lightly against his
thigh.

"On your knees, whore!"

Kai struggled to her hands and knees, still exhausted from her ordeal in the
stocks.

"Now!  Take my cock out and place it in your mouth."

Kai never hesitated.  She reached up and unzipped Joaqu�n's trousers and pulled
out his limp cock.  Closing her lips around it, she began to lick and suck at it
while making moaning noises.  Quickly Joaqu�n began to respond and his cock grew
harder and harder until it was bumping against the back of Kai's throat.  As she
began to choke, Kai pulled back a bit, only to have Joaqu�n grab her hair and
slam his cock into her up to the hilt.  With his hands holding her head, he
began to pump in and out of her mouth.  Kai fought for breath but at the same
time she found herself sucking and licking at the monstrous shaft that plunged
inside her.  Her own body began to react and she sensed herself growing wet
between her thighs.  Each thrust by Joaqu�n was greeted by a grunt from his
captive.

Faster and faster he began to move while Kai locked her lips around the rigid
shaft.  She felt it begin to pulsate and seconds later it erupted in a flow of
cum that filled her mouth.  She swallowed as fast as she could but dribbles ran
down the corner of her lips and fell on her swollen breasts.  Kai continued to
lick and suck until all of Joaqu�n's sperm had filled her and he began to grow
limp once more.

Kai sagged back on her heels and wiped the cum from her chin.

"You bastard!  You despicable bastard!  I detest you!"

Joaqu�n's hand snaked out and slapped Kai across the face, sending her sprawling
in the dirt.  As she started to crawl away, Joaqu�n kicked her hard in the
stomach.  Kai puked and continued to struggle away from her tormentor.

As Kai crawled on her belly across the campground, Joaqu�n rained blow after
blow across her back and buttocks with his riding crop.  She was sobbing as she
struggled vainly to escape this torment.  It started to rain and the dust became
mud but Joaqu�n continued his assault on his helpless captive.  Hysterical, Kai
was screaming as she crawled through the mud while her back exploded in a series
of agonizing whacks.

Blinded by her mud-caked hair, Kai was unaware that she was approaching a
shallow pit near the edge of the campground.  As she fell into it, the onslaught
stopped and she heard a metallic clang above her.  Thankful for the respite
against her naked body, she fell into an exhausted sleep.

						* * * * *

Kai awoke from her deep sleep with the sensation that something was crawling
over her.  It was dark outside but the rain had stopped. Although the night had
become clear, there was an inch or two of water in the pit where she lay.  Kai
shivered a bit as she tried to go back to sleep.

She felt something again and brushed her hand across her stomach.  Kai screamed
as her fingers touched a furry ball that ran across her body.  Rats!  Excited,
they began to twitter while they scurried around and over her.  Kai screamed
again and again, thrashing around in the shallow pit and pushing against the
iron grate that sealed her little prison.  One bit her on the tit, sending Kai
into a fit of hysteria.  Finally, her flailing sent the rats scurrying from the
pit, leaving her sobbing in despair.  For the rest of the night, Kai lay awake,
fearing their return.

As dawn began to break, Kai pushed against the grate but it was immovable.  She
was cold and hungry and she had to pee in the worst way.  Finally she could hold
it no longer and let her bladder relax, sending a stream of urine to join the
other water covering the bottom of the pit.  Kai wailed as a sense of complete
degradation overcame her.  She was no more than an imprisoned animal, subject to
the whims and desires of Joaqu�n Morales.  Kai vowed at that moment she would do
anything to escape this hellhole.

A sudden banging on the grate over her startled her and she looked up to find
Joaqu�n standing at the edge of the pit.  He unlocked the grate and lifted it up
while prodding her with a thin leather riding crop.

"Get up, whore!  Its time you earned your keep!"

Kai sat up and groaned as muscles long since forsaken signaled their
inflexibility.  An impatient Joaqu�n struck her across the breasts with his
whip, evoking a cry from the scrambling prisoner.
Kai crawled out of the pit and stood before her captor with her head hung in
hopelessness.

"Get your ass back on that mill!"

Kai, ran, stumbled, fell, crawled, stood, fell, and staggered over to the
treadmill to join the other two women already moving steadily, their bodies
sheathed in sweat.  Desperately, she watched as her wrists were fastened to the
handle of the treadmill.  With a sharp command and a stroke of the whip across
her buttocks, Kai began to stride forward, frantic to keep pace with the others.

Joaqu�n smiled as he watched the prisoner frantically work the treadmill.  Soon
she would become the perfect addition to his pen.  Seleni had been first; Kai
would be the second.  Joaqu�n envisioned a harem and smiled even broader.

							-o0o-

"Fuck me, Joaqu�n!  Fuck me until I scream!"

"Fuck yourself, Selani!  Go ahead!  Stick those fingers up your pussy and rub
that clit!"

Selani lay on Joaqu�n's bed, her legs spread obscenely.  With Joaqu�n's huge
four-poster, she had her knees bent and her feet placed on the two posts at the
end of the bed; her body poised on the edge of the mattress.

"Please, Joaqu�n, I want you to fuck me. . .!"

"I fucked you this morning.  I think I will go fuck the new girl.  Do you want
to watch?"

"Ohhh, Joaqu�n, you're so mean!"  Selani's fingers disappeared in her pussy as
she frantically worked them in and out.  "I need to cum so bad!"

"I'll call Pedro!  He hasn't fucked you in over a week.  Perhaps you can get him
to fuck you in the ass!"

Selani's body was pumping up and down as she wildly neared orgasm. 
"Oooohhhhhhhh!!" she moaned, her body spasming toward an explosive pinnacle. 
"Ohhhh, Gawdddddd!"

"You are a whore, Selani," Joaqu�n remarked as her body collapsed in an
exhaustive but gratified state.  Her chest rose and fell as she took in deep
breaths.  "I'm afraid I have turned you into nothing more than a depraved
creature.  It's time to make better use of your talents."

As Joaqu�n left the bedroom, his cryptic remarks barely registered on the naked
woman on his bed, so intent was she in her own gratification.  Little did Selani
know the change that would take place in her life.




							Four

It was dusk in the middle of the jungle.  The air was completely still; not a
leaf was rustling in the trees surrounding the campground.  The sun's heat still
permeated the atmosphere and little heat waves rose from the parched earth.  The
company of men that Joaqu�n employed stood in a circle in the middle of the
camp, shoulders to shoulders in eager anticipation.  Joaqu�n had promised them a
spectacle and, after a hard day's work, they were eager for entertainment.

Standing in the middle of the circle, some ten feet apart, stood Selani and Kai. 
Both women were completely naked.  Their flesh glistened in the darkening light. 
Bathed in oil, their tanned and muscular bodies were both sensuous and robust. 
After a month in Joaqu�n's camp, Kai had developed a firm body even far beyond
anything she had ever achieved.  She stared at Selani dispassionately while she
breathed deeply.  Her hair, having grown long, was braided in a single ponytail
that hung down between her shoulder blades.  In contrast, Selani's hair was worn
quite short, almost like a boy's.  She, too, was a picture of physical strength;
having worked hard during the two years she had been with Joaqu�n.  The rings
piercing her nipples glittered in the fading light as she bounced lightly on her
feet.

 Joaqu�n stood between the two women and raised his hand for both quiet and
attention.

"My friends, I have promised you an evening of entertainment and entertainment
you shall have.  Tonight we are initiating a new contest.  These two bitches
will go at it until one of them can't any longer.  The winner becomes my mate
for the week; the loser is yours to do with, as you will.  Each week we will
have a new contest to determine the winner and loser.  There are no rules;
anything goes.  OK, everyone ready?  Oh, I forgot to mention . . . if either of
you don't give it your best effort, I will see to it that you are crucified! 
Now, get with it!"

Joaqu�n stepped back and joined the circle of men as Kai and Selani began to
approach each other catlike.  Kai closed the gap between the two, her hands
raised in the classic jiu-jitsu stance.  Selani charged her but Kai, trained
well by the DEA, sidestepped the rushing woman and delivered a heavy blow to the
back of Selani's neck, sending her sprawling in the dirt.  Selani grunted as she
hit the ground but she sprang back on her feet instantly.  Turning, she faced
Kai with a renewed respect for her opponent.

Kai, sensing that her opponent was in a state of disarray, surged forward in
hopes of dispatching her quickly.  But Selani was prepared for her attack and,
ducking under Kai's jab, drove her fist into Kai's stomach.  The breath left
Kai's lungs in a giant gasp and she sank to her knees.  Bright lights flickered
in her eyes and she fought to maintain consciousness as she sucked air back into
her lungs.  Selani did not wait, however, and brought her foot up to connect
with Kai's jaw, sending the wounded woman backward onto her back.

The men were cheering now and several were wagering on the prospective winner.
Joaqu�n smiled as he watched the two combatants.  He was pleased with the
performance the two were putting on.

Kai realized she was in trouble and rolled over on her stomach so she could
gather her hands and knees beneath her.  With a super effort she rose to her
feet only to have Selani grabbed her in a bear hug and begin to squeeze her with
all of her strength.  Their breasts mashed against each other as the two
struggled in a tight grip.  Their bodies covered now with sweat, Selani's grip
slipped and Kai was able to break her hold, pushing Selani back away.  Now the
two stood apart, panting deeply as they circled once again, looking for an
advantage.

Selani charged once more but Kai was ready for her.  Sidestepping neatly, she
delivered a blow to the side of Selani's head that sent the girl reeling. 
Staggered, Selani shook her head; her eyes glazed.  Seizing the moment, Kai dug
her fist into Selani's stomach, doubling her over.  A knee to the chin
straightened her up an instant before she collapsed to the ground.

Selani lay on her back, her chest rising and falling as she struggled to
breathe.  Kai stood over her, looking down to see if her opponent had any fight
left.  She looked to Joaqu�n for his decision.  The drug lord smiled and gave
the 'thumbs-down' signal.  Kai nodded and delivered a vicious kick to Selani's
ribs.  A loud cry rose from Selani's throat as she rolled over, grasping her
side.  Curled into a fetal position, the slave girl sobbed in frustration.

A stunned group of men were silent for a moment and then a cheer went up as Kai
smiled and raised her hands in victory.  Little thought had she given to the
rewards of triumph but she knew that it had to be better than a loss.  Sweat
poured from her body and she was exhausted from the effort but, looking down at
Selani, she experienced the first sense of happiness since being captured.

						* * * * *
In Joaqu�n's bedroom, the dominant feature was the huge four-poster bed.  Larger
than a king sized, it occupied almost all of the available floor space. 
Standing eight feet by six feet, it was easily the biggest bed that Kai had ever
seen.  At each corner sturdy posts rose toward the ceiling.  It was on this bed
that Kai now lay; one wrist locked in steel handcuffs to the post above her
head.  She stared up at the ceiling and saw the clear reflection of her naked
body in the large mirror that hung there.

After her battle with Selani, the two women who had shared the treadmill with
her on her first day had taken her to Joaqu�n's personal bath.  There she had
luxuriated in a tub of hot water filled with the most sensually fragrant bath
oil she had ever smelled.  Her hair was washed by one of the women while the
other gently scrubbed her body clean for the first time in many days.  Their
gentle stroking lulled Kai into a sense of well being that cleansed the memory
of her degradations at the hands of Joaqu�n.  Gently drying her with thick warm
towels, they then led her to Joaqu�n's bedroom and lifted her onto the huge bed. 
Kai watched passively as her right wrist was placed in handcuffs and locked to
the post on the corner.  The women left the room, leaving Kai alone.

Expecting Joaqu�n, Kai was startled when Pedro burst into the room, dragging a
bedraggled Selani behind him.  As she struggled forlornly, Pedro attached her
wrists to the two bedposts at the foot of the bed.  Selani stared down at the
naked body of Kai through matted hair.  Sweat, mixed with the dust of the
compound, covered her body.  Her eyes betrayed a mixture of fear and despair.

Joaqu�n walked into the room, wearing a silk robe tied loosely around his waist. 
Smiling as he looked first at Kai and then at Selani, he shrugged the robe from
his shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor.  Naked, he climbed up on the
bed next to Kai.  His cock was rigid as he stroked Kai's naked body lightly.

"You will make love with me," he whispered.  Kai, resigned to her situation and
not entirely troubled by it, nodded and placed her arms around Joaqu�n's
shoulders.  Over Joaqu�n's shoulder she saw Selani staring down at them, a
single tear running down her cheek.

Joaqu�n gently parted Kai's legs and lowered himself between them.  His cock
brushed against Kai's throbbing pussy, evoking a hushed gasp from her lips.  His
tenderness served to increase her lust as she raised her hips to meet him.  His
chest brushed against her now hard nipples while he bent to kiss her.  Kai
returned his kiss enthusiastically, holding him close as he began to penetrate
her.

As Joaqu�n shoved his cock into Kai's dripping pussy, Kai rose to meet him, a
faint moan escaping from her lips.  To her surprise, Joaqu�n turned his head to
look at Selani.

"Whip her!"

Pedro nodded and drew back his whip.  At the sound of the thongs meeting the
bare flesh of his captive, Joaqu�n plunged his cock into Kai.  The two women
screamed simultaneously; one from ecstasy, the other from despair.  Each time as
Pedro brought the whip down Joaqu�n pumped his cock into Kai.  Up and down he
rode to the cadence of the whip against Selani's tortured body.

Finally, Selani's screams turned to moans and Kai saw the abused woman hanging
limply at the foot of the bed.  Her attention turned to Joaqu�n who was grunting
and thrusting faster and faster.  Her pussy clamped around his engorged shaft as
he cried out and stiffened.  Kai felt his cock pulsating and spewing his cum
into her, jet after jet until it ran down the sides of her thighs. 

Withdrawing from Kai, Joaqu�n turned and stood at the foot of the bed, facing
Selani.  Grasping her by her hair, he lifted her head from her chest as she
opened her bloodshot eyes.

"Suck it clean, whore!  Clean it well before I order Pedro to give you another
twenty strokes!"

Selani didn't hesitate.  Leaning forward as far as she could, she opened her
mouth and drew Joaqu�n's limp cock between her lips, sucking and licking
earnestly.  Her damp hair hung down over her eyes while her head bobbed up and
down over Joaqu�n's groin.  In a few minutes, Joaqu�n grew erect once again and
began to fuck Selani's mouth, holding her hair tight against his stomach. 
Selani's tits were bouncing up and down and a nod from Joaqu�n brought the whip
against her ass once more from Pedro.  Selani quickly increased the tempo of her
movements while mewling into the cock deep in her throat.  Seconds later,
Joaqu�n stiffened and shot another load of cum into Selani's mouth.  Swallowing
quickly, Selani attempted to get it all but some dribbled down the side of her
lips and chin.

During this time, Kai had paid rapt attention to the scene before her. 
Incredibly turned on, she began to play with her clit, humping her hips up and
down in rhythm with Selani's bobbing head.  Her orgasm exploded inside her at
the same time Joaqu�n came in Selani's mouth.

Joaqu�n withdrew from Selani and waved to Pedro.

"Take her to the men.  Let them use her well before putting her to work."

Kai sat up as Joaqu�n got off the bed and began to put his clothes back on.

"Why are you so cruel to her?"

"She lost.  If she had won, that would have been you."

"You are a monster, aren't you."

"Yeah, a fucking monster.  I notice you enjoy fucking monsters, don't you."

Kai blushed and lowered her eyes.  Joaqu�n knew her, better than she knew
herself.
	
							* * * * *

For the following week, Kai was allowed the unfettered freedom of the
campground.  She was surprised at this display of liberty but understood that
there really was no way of escape.  First of all, she continued to remain naked,
save for the collar around her neck and the two manacles on her wrists. 
Secondly, she knew that the jungle was harsh and, without food or water, she was
not likely to succeed in reaching civilization.  Kai welcomed the respite of
torture and serving the needs of the male workers.  Joaqu�n continued to bed her
but his lovemaking was turning her into a lascivious slut.  Just the thought of
Joaqu�n caused her to grow wet between her thighs. 

Kai was astonished at her change in attitude.  She had come to this place in the
world to spy on Joaqu�n Morales and arrest him and now she was his prostitute. 
She shook her head in dismay each time this thought occurred to her but the
strange lure of Joaqu�n Morales overcame any introspection.  She would do
anything Joaqu�n demanded of her and do it willingly.  She understood now the
attraction that had brought Jane Davenport back to this drug runner.

Selani had not fared well since their battle.  Kai would catch glimpses of her
occasionally as she was dragged from one of the men's dormitories to be attached
to the treadmill for hours on end.  If not there, she would be dragged to the
center of the encampment, strung up by her wrists, and whipped soundly until her
screams became guttural moans. Her body was a mass of welts and blood dripped
from a few cuts on her back and thighs.  Selani's hair hung down over her face
and dust mixed with sweat covered her naked body.  Kai dared not approach her
for fear that Joaqu�n would be angered enough to make her change places with
Selani.

So it was that Kai suffered her ultimate degradation near the end of the week as
she walked across the campground one afternoon.  Selani hung by her wrists from
the whipping post as she had almost every afternoon that week.  Her chin rested
on her chest and the rise and fall of her breasts revealed her shallow
breathing.  Kai was so intently staring at her companion in sexual slavery that
she didn't see Joaqu�n approaching behind her.

He grabbed Kai by her waist with one hand and pushed her shoulder forward until
she was bent over at the waist.  Grabbing her hips, he plunged his stiff cock
into her and began to fuck her in the middle of the camp ground.  With each
thrust of his rampant shaft, Kai's tits would swing back and forth and little
grunts would escape from her throat.  Joaqu�n's groin was slapping against Kai's
ass, beating a tattoo on her bare flesh while he plundered her.

In her rising desire, Kai barely noticed the growing crowd of men surrounding
the couple.  As her head came up to announce the arrival of her orgasm, she saw
a dozen or more of the workers standing before her, grinning widely as they
watched.  Her lust overcame her embarrassment as the first orgasm exploded
inside her.

"Oh, God!  Oh, Jesus!  Oh, fuck me!  Fuckmefuckmefuckmeeeeeeee!"

Joaqu�n was pounding her hard now, driving he body back and forth.  Kai was
delirious with desire now and all thoughts of her public display of wantonness
were far from her mind.  She was little more than an animal now, seeking sexual
satisfaction in the most crude and carnal manner.  When Joaqu�n finally shot his
load inside her, Kai collapsed on the ground, her breath coming in huge gasps. 

"Jesus. . .oh, god. . .ohhhhh. . ."

Kai, in her delirium, was barely aware of being turned over on her back and her
legs pulled apart.  She moaned as a cock entered her sopping pussy and rose up
to meet this delicious invader.

"Ohhh, Joaqu�n. . ." she whispered.  Opening her eyes she saw that it was not
Joaqu�n who was fucking her but one of the workers.  Too intent on achieving her
orgasm, Kai closed her eyes once again and moved with the man fucking her. 
"Yes. . .Yes. . .Oh, Jesus!  Oh, God!  Yessss!"

Her body grew rigid as she experienced her second climax.  When she began to
relax, she felt hands on her thighs and another cock enter her.  Sucking her
breath in, she never hesitated but began to move in concert with the worker
between her legs.  Her third orgasm came in minutes as she screamed in ecstasy. 
Kai was in another world now, intent only in satisfying her lust.  Oblivious to
everything else, she was aware of only the cock in her pussy.

She lost track of how many men had fucked her.  Only when she realized that she
was laying on the ground alone did she become aware that they had finished with
her.  Through glazed eyes, she looked up and saw Joaqu�n standing over her. 
Only then did she realize what she had done. 
Chagrined, she struggled to her feet, to find her thighs covered with cum.  Her
pussy ached but it was a good ache.

"You are a slut, aren't you," Joaqu�n said. "What should I do with you?"

Kai bowed her head in submission.  The words that came from her lips amazed her.

"I am your slave, Joaqu�n.  Do with me what you will."




							Five

Kai tried to move her arms but couldn't.  Joaqu�n had shackled her to a cross
that required her to extend her arms and legs as far as they could reach.  Her
body stretched to the limit, she stared at Joaqu�n in conjecture.

"I like my slaves to be properly adorned.  You may have noticed that Selani
wears rings in her nipples.  Your breasts are beautiful but they will be even
more so with the proper enhancement."

"Please don't hurt me, Joaqu�n."

"You will barely feel it, my little whore.  Here, I will hold this ice cube
against your nipple until it becomes numb."

Kai sucked in her breath as the ice touched her left nipple.  It became hard
immediately and little goose bumps rose on her flesh.  When Joaqu�n pierced her
with the needle, she barely felt a thing.  In awe, she watched as the long shaft
punctured her flesh and appeared on the opposite side.  Joaqu�n, leaving the
needle where it was, took the ice and applied it to Kai's right nipple.  Soon,
it too was numb enough for him to pierce it with the second needle without a
whimper from his subject.

Kai stared down at the two needles piercing her breasts and was amazed that only
a little blood appeared where the needles entered and exited.  She was breathing
rapidly and the sight of the needles rising and falling was hypnotizing.

Joaqu�n took up a silver ring some three inches in diameter that had been split
on one side.  Bending it slightly, he removed one of the needles and fed the
ring through the remaining aperture until it exited on the other side of Kai's
nipple.  Bending the ring back to its original shape, he then reversed the feed
until the bisection was buried inside Kai's breast.  Quickly he followed the
same procedure with the remaining breast and Kai was then arrayed with two
silver rings dangling from her nipples. 

"Now I will attach my signature to your body."

Joaqu�n wheeled a vessel filled with glowing hot coals up next to Kai's
suspended body.  In it lay an iron that glowed red hot.

"No!  Oh, God, No, Joaqu�n!  You can't!  For God's sake, NOOOO!  Ohhhhhh, Jesus! 
ARRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!"

Kai was convulsing in agony as the white hot iron pressed against her right
breast.  The odor of burning flesh filled her nostrils and an overwhelming sense
of nausea swept over her.   For what seemed an eternity, Joaqu�n held the iron
against her as it sizzled against the burning flesh.  When he released it, Kai
continued to gag until she vomited and pissed all over herself.

It was several minutes before Kai could compose herself enough to speak.  She
glanced down at her breast and saw the red figures of "JM" burned into her skin. 
Kai sobbed in despair at the hideous mutilation of her breast.

"Why. . .why?" was all she could mumble, as she stared at the disfigurement of
her body.

"To remind you of what you are," replied Joaqu�n.  "You are my slave.  You will
belong to me forever.  Even when we may be apart, you will look at your breast
and remember who owns you."

Joaqu�n unfastened Kai's shackles and released her from the cross.  Kai couldn't
take her eyes away from the new scar on her breast as tears ran down her cheeks.


"Go clean yourself up!  Get some rest!  Tonight, you and Selani will battle once
more for the pleasure of my men."

							* * * * *

The two women faced each other in the middle of the circle of men.  Torches had
been thrust into the ground to light the campground and the ghostly, flickering
light highlighted the naked bodies of the two women.  Their flesh was well oiled
and their hair had been swept back and tied in a knot behind their heads.  From
weeks of hard work, the two were sinewy specimens of womanhood.

Kai circled Selani, looking for an advantage.  The silence was broken only by
the sound of the two women breathing heavily.  Before the contest had begun,
bets had been made by the bettor's choice and Selani had been the heavy
favorite.  Now the circle of men watched in anticipation; their eyes fixed on
the splendid bodies displayed before them.

Selani lunged at Kai and slapped her hard across the cheek, knocking her
sideways.  Kai, stung by the blow, staggered for a moment, dazed and hurt by the
impact.  Selani seized her advantage and dug a fist into Kai's stomach, doubling
her opponent up as she gagged for breath.  Another blow to Kai's chin sent her
sprawling on her back, still gasping for breath.  Struggling, Kai rolled over
just as Selani aimed a kick toward Kai's stomach.  Her foot found the small of
Kai's back and elicited a grunt from the fallen woman as she rolled over in the
dust.

Kai rolled over several times until she could put her hands beneath her and push
herself up from the ground.  Her body was covered with dirt and sweat and she
was breathing heavily.  As Selani lunged for her once again, Kai neatly stepped
to one side and delivered a fist of her own to the side of Selani's head,
knocking her sideways and to the ground.  Kai immediately fell atop her and the
two began to wrestle in the dust, their bodies pressed against each other and
their legs intertwined.

"Everyone will please raise their hands!"

Kai and Selani were so intent on their battle that they failed to hear the
command.  When a rifle was fired into the air, the two women paused and looked
up.  Uniformed and armed men circled the group of Joaqu�n and his workers, their
rifles aimed at them.  The men of Joaqu�n's stood with their arms raised over
their heads.  Joaqu�n himself had disappeared.

"Which of you is Joaqu�n Morales?", one of the soldiers asked.  His question was
greeted with silence.

"I see. . .well, we have methods of determining that if you insist.  We are the
Belize National Military and have been searching for this drug operation for
more than six months.  One of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agencies operatives
disappeared into this jungle at that time and we have been searching for her
since.

"That is me!" cried Kai, stepping forward.  "I am Kai Stevens."

"No!  She is lying!  I am Kai Stevens," Selani shouted.  "She is Joaqu�n
Morales's whore!"

Kai turned to stare at Selani, stunned at her outburst.  As she began to voice
her objection, the officer interrupted.

"I don't believe either one of you," he said.  "But that is unimportant.  All of
you are under arrest.  Form a single line and follow my Lieutenant to our truck.

Dumbstruck by the turn of events, Kai fell into line behind the men and began
the walk through the jungle toward the waiting truck that would take them to
jail.  So deep in thought as to how she would establish her identity, Kai gave
little thought to her nakedness.  Only when she was lifted onto the bed of the
truck was she made aware of her lack of clothing.  Huddled on the floor of the
truck bed, she wrapped her arms around her breasts and squeezed her legs
together.  Selani, opposite her, smirked at Kai's ineffectual modesty. 

The truck rumbled through the dense undergrowth on a narrow trail.  Each bump
sent Kai and Selani's breasts bouncing to the amusement of the soldiers standing
guard.  For what seemed hours, the truck weaved its way toward a destiny that
neither Kai nor Selani ever dreamed of.

							* * * * *
Taken into the jail, Kai was then escorted to the shower room where a knifelike
stream of water was played on her to wash away the dust and grime.  Then she was
taken to a dark cell and left alone.  For hours she sat there wondering what was
going to happen to her.  The officer obviously didn't believe either she or
Selani were DEA agents.  She also wondered how Joaqu�n had managed to escape. 
Although she had originally set out to capture Joaqu�n Morales, she felt
somewhat bothered by the fact that she now was glad he was not in jail.

Hours later, the door to her cell was opened and a guard beckoned for her to
come out.  Kai followed him down a long hall and entered a room lit only by a
single bare light bulb hanging from the ceiling.  Also hanging was Selani, her
arms bent back behind her and a rope lifting them high in the air.  Her body was
bent to ease the pain and her hair was hanging down over her face.  Sweat
dripped from her body and she was trembling in agony.  Standing next to her was
the officer who had led the assault on the camp.  In his hand appeared to be a
cattle prod.

Before she could protest, Kai's arms were drawn behind her back and her wrists
tied together.  She felt her arms being raised until she, too, was bent over at
the waist; her breasts swinging free beneath her.  The soldier kicker her feet
apart until her legs were spread wide and tied her ankles to bolts anchored in
the floor.

"We are getting little satisfaction from your friend here.  Perhaps you might be
willing to spare yourself pain and tell us where Joaqu�n Morales is hiding."

"Please.  My name is Kai Stevens!  I am an agent with the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Agency.  If you will call them, they can verify my identity.  Just ask them any
question and they will give you the same answer that I do. 
AAAARRRRGGGHHHHHH!!!"

The prod touched Kai's right breast, sending her into a paroxysm of agony.

"Silence!  I do not wish to hear your lies.  No one with the US DEA wears rings
in their tits or has Joaqu�n Morales's brand on them!  You are simply one of his
whores, just like this one.  Now, tell me where he is hiding."

"No!  Wait!  Oh, Jesus, . . .AAARRRRGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!"

Kai threatened to tear her arms from their sockets as she bounced around in an
attempt to escape the tortures of the cattle prod.  It seemed it lasted more
than the 15 seconds that it was in contact with her belly.  When it had been
withdrawn, she was gasping for breath and sweat dripped from her nipples,
forming two small puddles on the floor beneath her.

"Oh, God!  Oh, Jesus!" she moaned, snot dripping from her nose.  "Please!  I
don't know where Joaqu�n is! I swear!"

"Perhaps if I stick this prod up your pussy, it will refresh your memory!"

'NO!  Oh, God!  Please!  Oh, JESUS!  NOOOOO!  UUUUUNNNNNNNGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!"

Kai collapsed, her legs unable to support her.  The cattle prod hung obscenely
from between her legs as she quivered in uncontrolled agony.  A thin trickle of
urine ran down her thigh as her labored breath was the only sound in the room.

"Oh, shit!  I can't stand it anymore!  For God's sake, have mercy!"

"We'll see how much you can stand, whore!"

"AAAARRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!  OH, GOD!  NOOOO!  AAARRRGGGHHHHH!!!!"

Kai was delirious with torment and her body was dancing about, impervious to the
pain in her shoulders.

"ohhhh, god. . .jesus. . .uunnnhhhhhhh. . .ooowwwwww!!!"

The officer grabbed one of the rings in her nipples and pulled on it cruelly,
sending Kai into another seizure of pain.

"You are worthless sluts, both of you!  I have a good mind to turn you over to
my men and let them fuck you to death."

The officer turned to the soldier standing by.

"Give them each ten strokes of the whip.  Then throw them in a cell until I
decide what to do with them.

							-o0o-

Kai groaned as she rolled over on her stomach.  The hay covering one corner of
her cell was wet and cold and Kai shivered in a combination of chill and pain. 
Her back burned as if it were on fire.  She raised herself up on her elbows to
relieve the pain in her breasts.

The cell was dark but Kai's eyes had adjusted to the darkness and she could see
that her quarters were no more than six feet square with a low ceiling, all
constructed of rough, musty stone.  A steel door at one end with a small barred
opening at one side was the obvious point of entry/exit.  Except for the wet
straw that she lay on, the cell was empty.  A chain attached to a shackle around
her right ankle that hung from one of the walls reminded Kai that she was an
unequivocal prisoner.

Kai raised herself to a sitting position and crossed her arms across her
breasts, shivering a bit as she assessed her physical and mental state. 
Physically, she was sore and bruised but decided after examining her breasts and
lower back that she could eventually recover from the abuse suffered at the
hands of the police.  Mentally, she was depressed as she contemplated her
future.  No one knew of her fate that she could call on for help.  The DEA, as
far as they knew, expected her to still be in the jungle, on the trail of
Joaqu�n Morales.  She smiled a sardonic grin as she wondered what her superiors
would think if they knew of the relationship that had developed between the
notorious drug runner and herself.

Kai's thoughts turned to her companion, Selani.  Even though the two had fought
each other fiercely, Kai harbored no ill feelings toward the woman who also
loved Joaqu�n Morales.  Instead, Kai understood completely the fascination that
the rogue held for a female.  Despite the cruelty doled out by him, his charm
and mastery were overwhelming and easily seduced anyone that came into contact
with him.  Kai again prayed that Joaqu�n had escaped the police and their
confrontation.

Her reverie was interrupted when she heard a key inserted in the lock of her
cell door and the door swung open.  One of the guards reached in and unlocked
the chain from her ankle and gestured silently for her to exit the cell.  When
Kai was out in the hall, he drew her arms behind her back and cuffed her wrists
together.  Despite the fact that Kai had been naked for as long as she could
remember, she was still embarrassed with her nudity before complete strangers. 
She yearned for a simple covering that would at least cover her pubis but even
this would be denied her. 

With a shove from behind, Kai was herded down the hallway and into an office
where the police chief sat behind a massive desk.  Standing in front of the desk
was Selani, her wrists handcuffed behind her back.  Kai was rudely propelled
forward until she stood by Selani's side.  She glanced at her companion and was
met with a gaze that was both sympathetic as well as resigned.

The police chief leaned back in his chair and smiled at the two forlorn
prisoners.

'You two do not appear to have enjoyed our hospitality.  Well, no need to thank
us.  I will give you one last chance to redeem yourselves.  Where is Joaqu�n
Morales?"

Kai and Selani stood silently, staring down at their antagonist.  As if
rehearsed, the two shook their heads silently from side to side; their chests
shoved forward defiantly.  It was as if to say, "fuck you, we aren't saying a
word!"

The police chief frowned and stood from behind his desk.

"All right, if that's the way you want it!  I'm sending the two of you to our
most demanding work farm.  Perhaps a few years of hard labor will refresh your
memories!"

The guard grabbed Selani and Kai roughly by their arms and ushered them out of
the office.  Selani glanced at Kai and the two exchanged anxious looks while
they were being rushed down a hall and out into the open air.  Kai was dismayed
to see a large audience of townspeople milling about the entrance to the prison
and again prayed for some type of covering for her nakedness.  Her discomfort
was quickly alleviated when she and Selani were thrust into the back of a
waiting van and the door slammed shut behind them.  Moments later, they heard
the engine start and the van lurched forward, taking them to a future that
neither could contemplate.




							SIX

Sweat poured from Kai's naked body as she swung the machete back and forth,
cutting into the dense jungle undergrowth.  By her side, Selani labored also;
her sweat-drenched body grunting with exertion.  Their movements were hampered
by the heavy chains that circled their waists and supported another set of links
that joined the ones connecting their ankles.  Behind them, a dozen other female
prisoners gathered up the debris left by the two wielding machetes.

Standing guard was four of the prison jailers.  The bullwhips in their hands
assured the continued effort of the prisoners as they worked to clear the brush.

After a long and bumpy ride in the back of the enclosed van, Kai and Selani had
been deposited in front of the state prison where they were taken to the
Warden's office.  A fat, bald man stood with his arms folded as he studied his
two new prisoners.  Warden Gomez was well known as the most sadistic director of
a penitentiary in the entire world.  Few of his prisoners ever made it back to
the free world and those who did were permanently affected by his cruel
treatment.  A thick droopy mustache hung beneath a huge crooked nose and his
black eyes flashed cruelty as he eyed his new inmates.

"I know why you are here.  A confession would have saved you much hardship. 
Here at the San Elmo prison, we have no tolerance for prisoners of the State. 
You will be expected to work and work hard while you are here.  Any laziness or
malingering will be punished severely and immediately!  To remind you of the
fact that you are prisoners, you will be subjected to discipline daily.  The
degree of discipline will depend entirely on your behavior here.  Do you
understand?"

Kai and Selani stood dumbfounded, unable to speak.

"I asked you a question, prisoners.  I expect a response."

"Yes. . .," replied Kai.  "All right," Selani whispered.

"In the future, when you address me, you will say 'Yes, Master,' or 'Yes, Warden
Gomez'.  Failure to do so will result in punishment.  Understand?"

The two chagrined women responded in unison.  "Yes, Warden Gomez."

"Now, you will be taken to the indoctrination quarters.  All prisoners will wear
chains to make clear their position.  After you have been equipped properly, you
will join our work crews.  I have been instructed to give you the toughest work
we have.  Make sure I am not required to discipline you for any laxity."

It was following this disquieting meeting that the two women were taken to a
blacksmith's shop where chains were attached permanently around their waists and
shackles, joined by a short length of chain, were bound to their ankles.  A
length of chain connected the other two and brushed against their sex as they
struggled to walk.

Shuffling along, they were then taken to another part of the prison where their
prison number was tattooed on their right arms. Kai was given the number '45'
and Selani '46'.  Kai looked on hopelessly as the needle etched the permanent
marking on her flesh.  Coupled with Joaqu�n's branding and the rings through her
nipples, her body had been forevermore changed.

A degrading physical examination followed whereby a dirty old man in an equally
dirty white smock poked and prodded into every orifice of their bodies while
remnants of tobacco juice ran down his chin.  Kai had never felt filthier than
when she was allowed to stand from the gynecological table.

After that humiliating encountering, the two were taken to the prison yard where
Warden Gomez awaited them.  He was standing by a post from which several sets of
manacles hung from the top.  Kai and Selani stood submissively while their arms
were raised over their heads and their wrists locked into the manacles.  Kai
stood facing Selani and saw the look of dismay in her eyes.

"It is time for your daily discipline.  This will remind you that you are
prisoners and encourage you to follow orders immediately and completely.  Guard,
five strokes each, at your pleasure."

Kai heard the whip whistle through the air and the sound of leather meeting
flesh.  Selani's eyes grew wide and she grunted as her body surged forward.  The
next think she knew, her back was ablaze from her shoulders to her hips and the
air left her lungs in a gigantic gasp.  While she fought to recover from the
pain, a second stroke fell on Selani and she threw back her head and cried,
"aaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!"

Kai didn't have time to digest what was happening before the second and third
stroke buried themselves in her back.  She heard strange sounds and realized
that they were coming from her throat. Her eyes were cloudy and stung from the
sweat that dripped down into them and she struggled to stay on her feet.  She
was faintly aware that Selani was screaming and the mixture of confusion had her
near fainting.

It was only when her wrists were released that Kai realized her 'discipline' was
finished.  She sank to her hands and knees, panting and shaking her head in
shock.  The Warden's pronouncement of  'daily' slowly sank into her mind.  If
this was what she would have to endure on a daily basis, Kai was certain she
would never survive.

Given no respite, the two prisoners were loaded onto a flat-bed truck and driven
out into the jungle with a dozen other women prisoners.  It was there that Kai
and Selani were armed with machetes and instructed to start clearing a path into
the jungle.

The day grew hotter and hotter as the two women toiled unceasingly.  Pungent
water was fed to them to keep them hydrated and a couple of pieces of stale
bread was their lunch.  Kai worried about Selani since she was obviously slowing
her efforts, despite warnings from the guards.  A stroke of the whip across her
back did little to speed up her efforts.

When Selani finally collapsed to the ground, the angry guards grabbed her by her
feet and dragged her off into the jungle.  Kai winced as Selani's screams echoed
through the undergrowth.

When the two remaining guards started laughing at the sounds coming from the
jungle, Kai could take it no longer.  She turned toward the guards, her eyes
flashing anger.

"Shut up, you filthy bastards!  You dirty, low-down sons-of-bitches!  Shut up!"

A blow from a bamboo cane brought Kai to her knees as the two guards surrounded
her.  Another sent her sprawling in the dust.  Kai groaned as she rolled over in
the dirt while the two guards continued to beat her.

Abruptly, Kai felt her legs being spread apart and raised up into the air. 
While she struggled against the tight grip on her ankles, she saw one of the
guards kneel between her legs, his trousers open and a huge cock jutting out
from the fly.  Kai screamed as the guard brutally plunged his cock into Kai's
pussy. She struggled to escape this onslaught but only served to increase the
guards efforts.  In and out he plunged; his hairy stomach grating against Kai's
belly.

Kai finally realized that her struggle only served to intensify his lust and lay
motionless as the guard thrust in and out of her.  After what seemed an
eternity, she felt his body tense and his load of sperm erupted inside her.

Kai tried to get up but the other guard quickly took his place between her legs,
his pants down around his ankles.  A short, thick cock jutted out from his groin
and Kai grimaced as drool ran down from a corner of his mouth.  Without
hesitation, he drove his cock into Kai's moist pussy and began to fuck her fast
and furiously.  Kai gritted her teeth and tried to think of something other than
the merciless attack on her body.  When she heard her attacker grunt and
stiffen, she breathed a silent prayer that her ordeal was over.

But that was not the case.  The two guards grabbed her by her arms and dragged
her off into the jungle.  Undergrowth tore at her flesh as she was hauled to a
small clearing within the dense forest.  As ropes were bound around her ankles,
Kai saw Selani, suspended upside down and hanging from a tree limb; her arms
dangling beneath her inches from the ground.  Her hair hung down over her eyes
and vivid red welts covered her body from shoulder to knee.  She was twisting
slowly and appeared to be unconscious.

Abruptly Kai felt her legs rising and she found herself being lifted into the
air, upside down, and inches away from the suspended Selani.  Her legs were
spread obscenely and Kai loathed the fact that her most private parts were fully
exposed.  To add to her degradation, the guards began to finger her pussy,
pulling on her labia until her clit popped up like a small nipple.  The fondling
caused her body to begin to betray her and her breath began to come in gasps. 
As they continued their strokes, Kai started to moan and shake, unable to stifle
the growing erotic sensations that were developing in her body.

The four guards were laughing now as they brought the helpless woman to orgasm. 
Kai screamed as she reached her climax, her body bucking frantically to milk the
last possible sensation from it.  Sweat dripped from her while she shook
helplessly against the rising pinnacle of lust.  Kai was powerless to stop her
response to their stimulation and she yielded to her basic instincts; grunting
and shuddering in wild abandon.

So intent on her own gratification, Kai was unaware that the guards had stepped
back and removed their thick leather belts from their trousers.  Two took
positions behind the spasming woman while the other two stood in front.  At a
nod from the apparent leader, they all drew back and lashed out at Kai.  In
moments they had her screaming at the top of her lungs as leather cracked
against her flesh.  The ultimate agony consumed her when two of the guards took
aim at the juncture between her thighs where moments before such pleasure
reigned.  Kai fainted as the pain overwhelmed her but was quickly revived when
water was splashed in her face.  For what seemed an eternity she endured the
onslaught from the four guards until she could no longer scream but was only
able to moan at each hit of the belts.

Selani did not escape the wrath of the guards as they attacked her at the same
time.  The jungle echoed with the screams of the two women until they were only
able to make mewling sounds above the slap of leather against flesh.  Their
bodies twisted and jerked under the barrage of lashes until they both succumbed
to unconsciousness.

When Kai regained her senses she found that she was no longer suspended in the
air.  Instead she was laying face down on the ground, her knees drawn up beneath
her.  Two hands were spreading the cheeks of her ass and a hard knob was probing
at her sphincter.  Kai groaned as the stiff cock entered her ass, filling her to
the point that she felt the need to expel what ever was inside her.  Instead the
cock began to plunge in and out, rocking her body back and forth and grinding
her tits in the earth beneath her.  Through tearful eyes, she saw that Selani
was suffering the same fate while two of the guards waited their turn.  Kai
closed her eyes and clinched her teeth as the stiff cock tore at her insides. 

Suddenly the guard pitched forward, landing on Kai's back and sending her
sprawling.  Kai was surprised at the sudden movement and even more puzzled as a
pool of blood began to form next to her face.  The heavy weight of the guard
drove the air from her lungs and she gasped for breath while trying to
understand where the blood was coming from.  Just as abruptly, the guard was
lifted from her back and the warm air of the jungle caressed her tortured flesh. 
Kai rolled over and saw Joaqu�n staring down at her, a smile on his face.

"It's about time you showed up, you  bastard!" she grinned.

"I hated to break up your little party, seeing as how you and Selani were having
such a good time!"

Joaqu�n reached down and offered his hand to Kai, pulling her to her feet.  Kai
saw Pedro lifting Selani in his arms, her head resting on his shoulder.

"Sorry, love. . .we would have gotten here sooner but I had a hard time shaking
the cops.  These four won't be bothering anyone again soon."

Kai glanced down and saw the four dead guards laying on the ground; their
throats slit from ear to ear.  She glanced back at Joaqu�n.

"They were so busy fucking the two of you, we had no trouble relieving them of
their lives.  I guess that's not a bad way to go."

"Oh, Joaqu�n!  Get us out of here!  Quick!  And take these goddamn chains off of
me!"

"Oh, I sort of like them, pet!  Let's leave them on for a while until you finish
showing me your gratitude.  Maybe I'll send you back to the DEA with those on!"

"You bastard!  You know I'm not going back!  Think you can handle two whores?"

Joaqu�n Morales laughed hard and loud as he swept Kai up in his arms and strode
off through the jungle to his waiting helicopter.  Kai Stevens smiled as she
rested her cheek against his shoulder. 

							THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kemosabe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





