BDSM Library - All Good Fun




All Good Fun
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Josh, a serial rapist, details his exploits while planning his next attack.
All Good Fun

Just another bitch, you know?  No biggie, I do  this all the time, almost every
weekend.  Find some dumb bitch, drag her into the van, or into some bushes, and
fuck her.  Hard, over and over.  And hey, fuck you, it's good fun-find me
something else that much fun, that incredibly pleasurable, that I can do for
free?  If the silly whores didn't want it, they wouldn't be out where I can nail
them.  Stick that in your fucking pipe and smoke it.

I'm an equal opportunity rapist.  Every bitch has something to offer, something
that makes them worth the effort.  The thin, leggy whores are angry, indignant,
like how dare I?  I love that, love to beat it out of them, face fuck it out of
them.  Ram my cock up their pristine asses and make them bleed.  The fat girls,
the dumpy ones, they're great, too.  Stunned, unable to believe that anyone
would rape them.  They're usually virgins, love to hear them squeal as I grind
my tool in, tear them wide.  The little highschool prick teases, they're
great-little bitches, strut around pretending they're putting out.  Well, they
put out for me-I keep them the longest, days sometimes, just fucking them over
and over, in their mouths, in their asses, up those tight little cunts.  Fucked
an old one once.  Funny, thought she'd be all loose and nasty, but she
wasn't-tight as a drum.  Fought like a wildcat, too.  But I nailed her.  Made
the bitch cry.  It was easy, she reminded my of my mother.   Should have seen
her face with my cum leaking out the sides of her mouth. 

I try to be creative, like taking chances.  Raped a cheerleader at a game
once-dragged her under the bleachers and ass-raped her while the crowd cheered
right above us.  My hand clapped over her mouth, my huge cock up her twitching
ass.  And yeah, it is huge-11 inches, a good three inches thick.  Fucker was
made to hurt.  Who am I to get in its way?   Little bitch's hands scraping the
wood floor, trying to get away, her feet drumming the floor with the pain.  And
the bucking-that's what makes virgins so much fun.  They move.  A lot.  Like
they can't help it, their backs arch, their hips buck and jerk, their titties
dance.  Sat on her little tits and fucked her face 'til I was hard again, then
raped that virgin cunt of hers.  Hey, no one dresses like that, short little
skirts, flashing those panties, if they don't want it.  Tied her, spread wide
open, to a bleacher support when I was done.  Imagine my surprise when the
papers reported she'd been gang raped by a dozen boys.  Guess the poor kids
found her there and just couldn't help themselves.  Makes me proud.

Raped some little prick tease at the drive-in last summer. No, she wasn't my
date.  She was in another car, but I could hear her teasing, then refusing the
poor slob she was with.  Pimply faced kid, no balls.  So I gave it to her while
he was at the concession stand.  Just climbed in, punched her in the face, then
fucked her right there in the front seat.  From behind, I laid on top and tore
in while she squealed into the seat.  Makes me hard just thinking of her
squirming underneath me.  Her face pushed into the upholstery, her hips jumping
under me, her tight little pussy constricting, squeezing my tool.  And the
grunting, horrified scream as I filled her with my thick cum.  Told her,
too-told her how I'd just gotten her pregnant, how she was gonna carry my
bastard in her belly.  Got out of there just in time-passed her boyfriend on my
way back.  I hope he fucked her, too.


But my coup, my crowning achievement?   A nun.  Yeah, that's right, I fucked a
nun, raped her good.  Pretty thing, had no business being in that business
anyway.  I hang out by the homeless shelter sometimes, like making the men blow
me.  Like how humiliating it is for them, love to see them squeeze back the
tears as they take my tool in their mouth for ten bucks.  And I make 'em earn
it, too, grab 'em by the hair and fuck their faces so hard their noses bleed. 
Emasculated shits.  What kind of weak, stupid loser would suck cock for ten
bucks?

Anyway, the nun.  Wasn't hard getting her to the van-just told her I had food
and blankets for her homeless charges.  She came out, pretty as you please.  She
wanted me, vows or no.  Opened the back door, she leaned in, and I was on her. 
Didn't even bother closing the door, just hiked up the slut's habit and fucked
her right there, bent over into the van.  Was ripping into her virgin hole
before she could say Sweet Mary Mother of God.  And tight, oh, man.  Wriggling,
squirming under me, letting out these teary little squeals with every thrust. 
Did we attract attention?  Sure, but no one made a move, except to ask for a
piece.  But I don't share-every hole is mine, I get first shot.  After that,
what do I care?   Took almost two hours to do the Sister up right, spray my
loads in every hole.  Left her in the hands of her poor homeless folk.  So much
for charity, Sis.

First time.  When was the first time?   I was fifteen.  Already a big kid, 6
foot even, cock already huge.  Didn't mean to rape her-Brian and I went in after
practice to tell Ms. Manetti that she had a flat.  She was such a whore, so
pretty, so sexy, always teasing us.  Got to her classroom and there was a gang
of guys getting ready to fuck on her.  Brian was so horrified.  I was so turned
on.  Fucking bitch, squealing, cock in her mouth, another in her cunt while she
squirmed and cried.  When they finished, they gave Bri and I our turns.  Bri,
wimp, went for her cum soaked pussy, but not me-all of me, straight up her
asshole.  I can still hear her screaming my name,  "JOSHHHH, ah, GOD, it HURTS,
Josh, P-P-PLEASE!"  Oh, yeah.  I miss that, you know-hearing some cunt scream my
name while I slam into her.  We kept her there all night, just fucking her,
ramming into her, cumming in her, on her.  I'd never thought of rape before
that.  I never think of anything else now.  Every apartment I move into is
chosen for the hunting potential, every job chosen for the female coworkers and
their accessibility.  Thanks, Ms. Manetti.  Would love to give you a big, stiff
show of appreciation.  If I ever find you, whore, gonna show you how a MAN does
it.  I was just a boy then.

My first independent rape.  Brian's mom.  I was sleeping over, we'd been talking
about Ms. Manetti.  He was saying how sorry he was, how bad he felt.  I'm just
nodding, yeah, man, I know, ain't it awful.  But I'm gettin' hot.  Oh, damn, I'm
getting hot.  And hard, huge, swollen.  Brian finally whines himself to sleep,
and I go to the next room-his mom's room.  She's asleep on her belly, little
silk nightie hiked up, her legs bare.  No art to it-art's a waste of time, I
knew that even then.  I just pounced, hit her with my full 190 lbs.   Pillow
over her fucking head before she even knew what was going on.  I never said a
word, just yanked up the nightie, tore off those panties, and jammed my cock up
her twat.  Full weight on her, slamming into her, one hand holding the pillow,
the other under her, pinching, digging into her tits.  I could hear her sobbing,
screaming, grunting with the force of my thrusts.  Ramming into her, faster and
faster, then exploding, wave after wave of my hot spunk in her cunt.  Filled the
bitch good.  And then I ran, dashed back into Bri's room, crawled into bed.  I
could hear her stumbling, crying.  I was scared, heart racing, sure she would
call the cops.  But then I heard the shower, and knew the bitch loved it.  She
wasn't going to narc me out.  Next morning she makes breakfast-can you believe
that?  Sitting there, red eyed over scrambled eggs.  Talk about triumph.  I was
hooked.

First bitch I didn't know?   Tiny little oriental whore working at 7-11.  
Alone, 2 am.  I went in to buy a pack of smokes, then went outside, waited. 
Followed her home when her shift ended.  Grabbed her in her own garage.  Oh, she
was so small!  Wrapped my hand over her mouth and lifted her off the floor,
slammed her belly down onto the hood of her car.  Her little legs kicking
wildly, her hands pulling at my arm, trying to free her mouth, trying to scream. 
Yanking her pants down, then her panties-white lace thongs, pulled down just far
enough for me to fuck her.  Forcing my knee between her legs, pushing them
apart.  Pulling my cock out, pressing, poking, then slamming home as she
squealed behind my hand.  I could hear her husband, her kids in the kitchen,
just a few feet away.  Fucked her so hard the car shook.  Her grunting and
crying, muffled, was incredible.  Her hands scraping, searching for anything to
use to get me off her, out of her.  She managed to grab a windshield wiper, pull
it off, tried to hit me with it.  Stupid bitch.  Yanked it from her hand and
fucked her all the harder for it. Exploded inside her, ah, fuck, she was good. 
And she moaned as my spunk filled her, came running down her little thighs.  And
then I taught the bitch a lesson-ass fucked her with the wiper.  Made the slut
bleed.  Then fucked her face 'til I was hard again, wiper still sticking out of
her ass.  Then dragged her back up and threw her on her back across the hood,
jammed those sweet, cum soaked panties into her mouth.  Grabbing her hips, I
slammed into her cunt again, broke that wiper off in her ass with the first
plunge.  She wasn't even trying to scream anymore, just whining, moaning,
grunting with pain as I plundered her, slammed into her with such force she'd
gasp with it.  Her eyes open wide, stunned, agonized.  Damn, she was sweet. 
Still planning on paying her another visit.  Soon.

That ain't even half of 'em, but those are the ones that stand out.  And now? 
Pregnant whore walking alone in the park across the street.  Shitty
neighborhood.  She does it every night, like she thinks that big belly will
protect her somehow.  God, I can taste her, she's just perfect.  Stupid doe
eyes, big baby filled belly, her tits all huge and milky.  So what do you think? 
Should I just fuck her right there on the path?  Drag her into the bushes and
take her like a dog?   Tie her to a tree and fill her up, leaving her for the
others who will surely come along?   Or force her into my van, tie her up right,
spread wide, helpless?    Hmmm . . .

Raped a bitch in the movie theater once.  She came in late, I was sitting in
back.  Grabbed her as she walked by in the dark, no one noticed.  Hand over her
mouth, my dick was already out and stiff, waiting.  Tore her panties and forced
her down on my dick, all 11 inches up her ass as she struggled, writhed on it,
fucked me good.  Her little legs kicking in vain, her ass clenching, twitching
around my meat.  She spent most of the movie impaled on my cock, moaning through
my hand.  I came three times, filling her ass with my jizz.  Never pulled out,
just let her ass's twitching get me hard again-she got too still I'd reach up
and pinch, pull on her nipples, make her jump and squirm on my meat.  Thank God
for Dolby surround-no one heard a thing.  'Cept me.  I heard her, oh, yeah. 
Felt her tears on my hand, her spit bubbling around the edges as she cried. 
Left her bleeding on the floor, her little skirt hiked up, showing her pretty,
torn ass.


Anyway, the pregnant slut.  Gonna pull her into the van.  Yeah.  Just the idea
of her tied, elbows together behind her back, under her, legs pulled up and
back, tied to the hooks in either wall.  Wide open.  Ass and cunt pointing up,
waiting for my meat, pregnant belly poking up.  Yeah.  And, oh, she's gonna
squeal, gonna whine that, gosh, she's pregnant, please . . . yeah, should have
thought about that before, bitch. Before you teased me.  Too late now.  Which
hole first?  Wonder if I could jam my tool down her throat, choke her with it
while I fist her.  Trying to work out the logistics here.  Well, if nothing else
I could fill her throat while I fuck her with . . . flashlight.  Yeah, my
big-ass , long handle flashlight.  Plunge that fucker into her twat over and
over while she screams around my dick.   Fill her mouth with my spunk, feel her
struggle to swallow, hear her gag, then pull out in time to splash her face,
too.  Love to see the humiliation that creates-big eyes looking up, strings of
my cum hanging, sticking to her cheeks, her chin.  Then hurt her a little, make
her scream me hard again.  Nothing gets me stiff like a whore squealing in pain. 
And then I'll fuck her ass.  Watch that pregnant belly of hers jump while I slam
my meat in, tear her asshole wide.  I'll bite her tits, taste milk while I rape
her bowels.  Fill her with my hot jizz.  Then rape her mouth again, get me hard
one more time so I can fuck that pussy of hers, shake her, make her scream as I
pound my cock into her.  And then?  Well, we'll take a drive, and maybe I'll
decide I want to do it all over again.  Love driving around with a bitch strung
up in the back, spread wide and dripping with my cum.  I smile at people, wave. 
Makes me hot.   Makes me want to fuck them all over again.  And again.

Yeah, that's the ticket.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





