BDSM Library - The Sweet Enslavement of Samantha




The Sweet Enslavement of Samantha
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She had been a slut and teaser for too long, finally someone decided to get revenge on her. She was abducted and turned into a sex slave.
The Sweet Enslavement of Samantha


 It was around 1:30 when Samantha started getting ready for bed. Her plans for
the next day were somewhat simple, disappear. She spent that night packing a
duffle bag with some clothes and some essential items necessary for her trip
into non-existence. She also wrote a note for everyone that knew her telling
them that she was disappearing and for them to not go looking for her. She also
told them to do whatever they wish to her stuff that got left behind. What she
did not know was that her mysterious guest watching her through the window
hidden in the shadows already had other plans for her.

 Sam, as everyone called her, was a typical twenty-something female standing
5'6" with long red hair, brown eyes, an average body with hormones to match and
little care in the world. She also had a reputation and history for being a
slut. Sam knew this and would broadcast it with great pride. She loved sleeping
around and using every guy she could get her hands on like a fuck toy and used
everyone else for her own twisted games of personal satisfaction. She did not
care who she hurt as long as she did not get hurt herself. What Sam had not
counted on was an ex-fuck toy looking for revenge in an extremely devious and
ironic way.

 The dark figure dressed completely in tight black spandex, crouches in the
shadows under a giant tree while watching her through the window. He remembers
how she had used him and abused him mentally. He had loved her once a long time
ago, then her games pushed him to the edge of insanity and mistrust. Now it's
his turn to get revenge on the one that had tried to destroy him because of her
own sadistic games of seduction and lies. He smiles a little sinister smile as
he pulls his big gym bag of sadistic articles closer to him. This night he will
be starting to fulfill all of his sexual fantasies on this one deserving victim.
The images of his future slave being collared, bound, gagged, blindfolded,
wearing seductive wrappings with ass and cunt filled with buzzing dildos and
plugs flow through his mind like a raging river. The images of a bound Sam
sucking and fucking him invoke a massive erection in his pants and a bigger
smile across his face. He knows that this is going to be a long pleasurable
first night for him and an even longer nightmarish first night for her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Danny had been waiting for this moment for a long time ever since he decided to
make Sam into his personal slave slut. No one knew that he was even in the state
of Virginia again. It was Sam's actions that made him decide to leave the state
in the first place, and now he was back to take her and enslave her. It was all
working out perfectly.

 Danny found out that night that she was planning to disappear so it made his
work easier for him on keeping her without any trouble. He silently laughs as he
thinks about her unknowingly helping him make herself disappear into his
clutches. Sam never thought out things completely before doing them.

 He estimates that it has been an hour now since Sam turned her bedroom light
out. Time for him to get to work. Danny slowly and cautiously moves across the
lawn towards the back door close to her room. He checks the door, locked. He
pulls out of his pocket a spare key that he had made a long time ago without Sam
knowing. He tries the key hoping that she had not changed the locks, unlocks
quietly. Good. He slowly moves into the house letting the door shut gently
behind him. He turns on his MAG light with a red lens cover. He remains still,
listening and alert. Nothing.

 Slowly Danny inches himself towards Sam's room, his heart beats steadily within
his chest as he regulates his breathing to keep him calm and alert. His
massively hard dick pulses with each heartbeat. Adrenaline is pumping through
his body by the gallons. Danny is filled complete erotic feelings as he moves
closer to her room. He hears her gentle breathing coming through the open door
to her room.

 Slowly Danny lowers himself closer to the floor as he enters more into her
room. His ears focusing even more for any danger. His senses are now at their
max, scanning everything for danger. A dog barks a couple times a few houses
down, a car drives pass the apartment, a person in the upstairs apartment snores
subtly. All is clear for the next step.

 Danny slowly looks onto the bed to view his sleeping prize. He notices that she
knocked all of the covers off of the bed. Sam went to bed wearing only her red
laced thong panties. A smile forms across his hooded face as he quietly begins
to open his bag of equipment. He pulls out a small box with a tranquilizer
filled syringe and a small gauze pad with a numbing agent on it. Slowly he wipes
the gauze pad across her right shoulder. Sam gives a soft gentle moan as the pad
touches her shoulder, remains in her slumber. Danny unsheathes the needle now on
the tranquilizer and readies it for injection. He carefully inserts the needle
into her arm without her showing any reaction to its presence. He begins to
carefully and slowly inject the powerful sedative into her shoulder.

  Five minutes later after the injection, Danny decides to check to see if the
sedative has fully taken in. He gives her left nipple a slight pinch, no
reaction. He then checks her breathing, smooth and subtle. Good, the sedative
should keep her under for the next three hours. Plenty of time to wrap up his
package and to get her out of the house and into the car.

  Danny quickly and quietly pulls off her thong panties revealing her delicate
clean-shaven sex. He resists the agonizing urge to relieve his aching erection
in her tender pussy at this time, for he will have plenty of time to play with
his property when he gets her safely to her new home in the dungeon he created
specially for her.

 He carefully maneuvers her defenseless body into a sitting position readying
her for her new wardrobe essential to her new life and identity. He then picks
up a smooth red latex corset with stiff boning and a cupless underwire to give
those tempting and succulent breasts of hers an appetizing lift and perk.

 His rock hard dick begins to throb intensely as he begins to place the first
piece of slave wear around his prize. It sticks to her delicious body perfectly
as he begins to pull on the leather laces tightening the luscious corset and
forcing Sam's waist into a petite hour glass figure. After Danny finishes
molding her delicate waist with each pull of the strings, he stands back and
admires the look of Sam's body in the beginning stages of her transformation.

 Danny decides not to waste anymore time and finish what he came here to do
unless he wants to get caught. He lays Sam's body belly down onto the bed with
her legs hanging off of the edge. He picks up a giant metal butt plug that has
ridges and bumps all over its surface. Danny grabs the lube and applies some
generously over the plug and inserts it completely into her defenseless ass.
Next he grabs a seven inch long, four inch wide metal phallus that looks like a
silver dick and shoves it completely into her awaiting pussy after a little lube
is applied.

 The next thing Danny does is grab a shiny pair of black rubber panties and
slides them all of the way up securely holding the remote controlled vibrators
in place.  He then grabs a full length black latex catsuit with a full hood
attached to it and begins to slide it onto her body, once in awhile applying
some talc to her naked skin. When the suit reaches her head, Danny quickly
braids her hair and ties it off with a ring clasp. He checks the rigid rubber
tube before he slides it into her mouth. Next he pulls the braid through a hole
in the top of the hood before he slides the eyeless hood completely over her
head securing it with the buckle. Danny double checks the nose slots to make
sure she can breath when the gag is securely in place in her mouth.

  Danny then zips the latex catsuit up all the way up to her neck and tightens
it even more with the buckles on the back. Her body begins to shine sensuously
under the moonlight that flows through the window. He pulls out a leather padded
dick gag and shoves the phallus completely into her mouth and locks it tightly
around her head with a small padlock. Almost done with the wrapping, his
excitement grows even more intensely.

 Next he grabs her arms and pulls them behind her back before sliding them into
the rubber single glove binding her arms even tighter behind her back. Danny
then brings her legs up behind her back and secures the rings that are attached
at the feet to the ring at the end of the single sleeve securing her in a hog
tie. Next he attaches the ring at the end of her braid to another ring at the
base of the single sleeve pulling her head back sharply.

 Now is time for the collar, the sign of ownership. He picks up the four-inch
thick leather posture collar and locks it around her neck with another pad lock.
He steps back to observe his completely wrapped package and admires his
handiwork and takes a look at the clock on top of the bedside table. It took him
an hour to finish, he really needs to hurry if he is going to get her out on
time.

 He puts the big gym bag onto the bed and slides Sam's tightly bound body into
it. He zips the bag up completely concealing her bound body from view of all
that happens to see him after he leaves the house. Danny then quickly finds the
backpack that Sam had packed and grabs it knowing that it would need to
disappear in order to make her note more convincing. He then takes the body
filled gym bag to his awaiting car in the back and places it in the back seat.
He heads back into the house and grabs the backpack full of clothes and other
misc items. He quickly double-checks the house to make sure he has not left any
evidence for anyone to find. On his way out he locks the door back up and grabs
his copy of the key, leaving her key on the kitchen table next to the note. He
was glad that Sam did not own a vehicle herself or else someone would get very
suspicious about her leaving and not taking her own car. Now it's time to go
home with his prize and start training her for her new life of sucking, fucking
and obedience.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 On the way home, Danny begins to realize how lucky he was about the whole
situation. First, his timing on going after Sam, the same night she was planning
to disappear. Second, the fact that she was planning to disappear in the first
place is going to make it very easy for him to keep her without any missing
person reports being filed. Third, she did not own a vehicle. Last but not
least, she had no guys with her that night. It must have been the bondage gods
helping him through the whole situation. He knows now that the bondage gods
declared that this is Sam's fate to receive punishment for all of her wrongs by
becoming his slave slut. He knows not to let the bondage gods down in order to
continue receiving the good fortune that he is receiving.

 It has now been three hours since Sam was injected with the powerful sedative.
She begins to stir within her confines, unaware of what has happened. She feels
extremely groggy, numb and another feeling that she can't seem to figure out
yet. As feeling begins to slowly flow back through her body, she begins to
notice that she can't move. She first thinks that it is because of extreme
fatigue, still unaware that she is no longer in her own bed and tightly bound.

 Danny checks the dash clock and knows that Sam should start coming around now
as the sedative slowly begins to wear off. He pulls off onto an abandoned road
and deep into the woods for total isolation. When he reaches a small secluded
clearing deep within the woods, he stops the car and with anticipation watches
the gym bag with his trophy. He notices little movement and figures that she
does not know yet that she is no longer home. He remains silent in anticipation,
his erection starting to peek through the tight spandex and throbbing in
sequence with each heartbeat in his chest.

 Sam feels the fog leaving her brain and her thinking and senses slowly becoming
more alert. She feels danger and does not understand why just yet. Suddenly she
knows why she can't move, she is being restrained by something in an awkward
position. After the sudden realization, she snaps completely into consciousness
and fully alert. Sam begins to slowly access the situation to figure out what is
going on. She notices that she can't see because of something covering her eyes,
she is totally blind. "MMMMMPPHHHHH!!!!, MMMMMMPPPPPPHHHHH,
MMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPHHHHH!!!!," is all that escapes from her mouth. She realizes
the she can't scream for something that feels like a giant rubber dick
completely fills her mouth. She feels her head being held back tightly by
something thick and wide around her neck along with her hair being pulled and
held back by something else. Next she notices that her arms are being held
tightly close together behind her back. Her legs are also held tightly behind
her back by something else. She feels that her entire body is covered in some
type of rubber/latex material. Her abdomen is being squeezed together with what
feels like a rubber/latex corset. Her next fear happens when she realizes that
something large and metallic is shoved and held tightly within her tight pussy
and ass. Now her adrenaline is pumping through her body in gallons per second. A
million thoughts per second begin to race through her scared and confused mind
when suddenly she hears a soft click and feels the intruders lodged tightly
within her entries begin to hum and vibrate.

 Danny knows that Sam has fully came to and is trying to figure what is going on
and must definitely be afraid. He knows her fear must also be really intense do
to the fast of dick gag and butt plug. Sam has never liked anything except food
and drink filling her mouth, she also never liked anything shoved into her ass,
nor did she like being blindfolded. The best part of this situation is that Sam
also can not stand being bound in any form. Those four simple things always
struck great fear in her, objects in her mouth and ass, and being tied up and
rendered completely helpless, and rendered sightless. He wishes that he could
see her terror struck face right now. He decides to keep her mind and body
occupied with something else right now. He pulls a small remote control device
off of the dashboard and pushes a small button. He hears the slight humming of
the vibrators within their bound host. He then begins to hear Sam's moans slowly
come from the bag as her tightly bound figure begins to subdue to the sensual
pleasures and gyration coming deep from within her pussy and ass.

 Sam slowly begins to subdue to the mad gyrations of the intruders deep within
her now moist pussy and throbbing ass. She feels a slight scream slowly rise
from the pit of her stomach to her throat. The scream begins to turn into a rush
of electricity as it begins to flow throughout her entire body in levels which
she had never experienced before. Her body suddenly rocks up and down hard as
the massive orgasm, which was building deep within her suddenly, explodes
through her entire body with massive explosions over and over again. Her body
slowly goes limp as the multiple orgasms pass as quickly as they came.

 Her mind is now blank from exhaustion as her breaths flow heavily through the
nose slit within the tight confines of the hood. Her sweat covered chest heaving
with massive breaths. Her body entire body feels extremely sweaty from the
intense orgasm induced temperature rise from within the confines of the latex.
Her body slowly becomes aware of the pleasure inducing intruder's gyrations
increasing. She feels another set of orgasms slowly begin to build deep within
her, she waits patiently for another roller coaster ride on the "Orgasm
Coaster".

 Danny gives a giant smile as he watches the body filled bag jumps around the
back seat. He decides to turn up the power to the vibrators to watch her thrive
in total bondage filled ecstasy. He opens the car door as Sam is completely
oblivious to the world around her now. He steps out of the car and heads up to
the back door and opening it for easier access to his wrapped treasure. Now it
is time for him to relieve his throbbing cock.

 He opens the bag revealing an orgasm induced Sam, her ecstatic latex covered
face staring at him. He unlocks the gag and removes it from her mouth with a
sudden explosion of intense hot air escapes from the open mouth. He pulls down
his spandex pants revealing his seven-inch long, three-inch wide throbbing cock.
Suddenly he shoves it into Sam's awaiting and panting mouth with a massive
shudder coming from both of them.

 Sam feels the intensely warm cock enter her mouth and does what her intense
orgasm induce instincts tell her too, suck on it the best she could. She begins
to suck on it with the same rhythm as her intense breathing. She uses her tongue
and cheeks to help pump the delicious tasting piece of flesh for all it's worth.

 Danny feels Sam's mouth pulling his hard cock deeper into her. He grabs her
hooded head with both hands and begins to rock his hips back and forth as he
fuck her mouth with intense force. This is what he has wanted the whole time,
the satisfaction that he could never get from her in the past. He suddenly
shoves his cock in further deepthroating her as he explodes load after load into
her traitorous and vacuum like mouth.

 Sam feels the cock enter deep within her throat and begin to explode loads of
cum deep into her. She swallows every drop of the hot and delicious cum like it
is an addictive drug that she must have. She swallows the last drop as the last
wave of orgasms subsides leaving her body in total orgasm induced fatigue. She
feels the vibrations deep within her juiced soaked pussy and real loose ass
subside and come to a dead stop. All she hears is her heavy panting coming from
deep within her chest. She feels the intruding piece of flesh pull out of her
mouth letting her breath easier. She subtly notices that she can't close her
mouth because some type of tube is holding her mouth open.

 Danny grabs the vibrator remote which he had placed in his top pocket and
presses the off button turning off the metal intruders which are probably
swimming in cum and who knows what else deep within her sweet pussy and ass. He
pulls his now relieved cock out Sam's now devirginized mouth and pulls his pants
back up. He watches her now orgasm fatigue stricken body with great pride. This
adventure will be the start of the beautiful and sweet enslavement of Samantha.

 Danny decides to keep the dick gag out of her mouth while she catches her
breath. He chooses to do this as a reward for her doing such an excellent job
for sucking him dry without complaint. He pulls the rest of her body out of the
gym bag and unlatches her cramped legs from the single sleeve that holds them so
tightly back. Next Danny attaches the ankles together with a small chain
hobbling her. Next he unlatches her braid from the base of the single sleeve
letting her head drift downward in exhaustion. He adjusts her limp form into a
sitting on the edge of the back seat with her legs dangling outside of the car.

 Sam feels her legs being released from their imprisonment behind her back and
sighs a breath of relief. She then feels the pull of her hair relinquish and
lets her head slide downward. A minute later she feels her body being
manipulated into a sitting position and tries to keep herself steady.

  She decides to try to speak now after she regains some strength, "Hoo r uu
(Who are you)?"

 Silence.

  "I em I ere (Why am I here)?"

 Silence still.

  "Hut em I ooen ere (What am I doing here)? Hut r uu ooen ho oo ho ee (What are
you going to do to me)?"

  "Shhh"

  "Mmm?"

  Silence

 Sam tries to ask another question and is cut short when the dick gag is shoved
back into her mouth silencing her once again. Her fear begins to slowly come
back and her confusion grows even more with each passing second of blind and
silenced helplessness. She wants answers and her silent abductor refuses to
answer. Her biggest fear is about what is going to happen to her when her silent
abductor is finished with her or when they get to where they are going. She
knows that they are traveling for she recognizes the feel of being in the back
seat of a car (from past experiences).

  "Shhh!"

 Sam nods her head yes to the best she could. She thinks she understands that
the gag will only be removed if she agrees to remains silent. She hopes that she
could get some answers soon. A minute the rubber phallus is removed from her
mouth. She chooses to obey and remain silent, anything to keep that thing out of
her mouth.

 Danny smiles as his slave obeys his first command. He pulls his mask back on
for he does not want her to see who he is yet. He reaches behind her neck and
unlocks the posture collar and removes it from around her neck. Next he reaches
for the now exposed buckle that secures the hood lavishously around her head,
slowly he unbuckles it with anticipation of seeing the face of his now priceless
possession. His revitalized cock throbs with his anticipation. Slowly he pulls
the slick black hood off revealing her sweat-slicked face.

 For the first time since her awakening, she has her sight back. Her vision is
blurry at first until it starts to adjust to the light of the full moon peeking
down from the sky. She now sees her abductor for the first time. She sees a
figure dressed in all tight black spandex, even his face is covered. Only his
brown eyes are visible from under his shadowy appearance. He stands
approximately 5'10", 140-150 lbs, semi-muscular build. His tight spandex suit
also reveals the massive erection that is currently trying to escape their
confines.

 Danny observes his captive's confused and inquisitive look on her face as she
takes his image in and observes him back. He points a finger to her and motions
for her to stay seated and not to move. He watches her shake her head yes in
understanding, her eyes show extreme fear for not knowing what will happen to
her if she disobeys. Danny walks to the front passenger side of the car and
grabs a brown paper bag. With the brown paper bag in hand, he walks back around
the car to the latex wrapped and bound Sam.

 Sam watches in fear as the dark figure as he comes back to her front with a
brown paper bag in his hand. She is afraid of what items of torture he has in
the bag. She watches him intensely as he reaches into the paper bag while
looking at her with familiar eyes. She can't place where she has seen those
particular pair of eyes before. She quietly releases a sigh of relief when the
dark figure pulls out a 6" Philly steak n' cheese sub. Her mouth begins to water
at the sight of the delicious looking sub. The last thing she ate was at 3pm the
same day she was packing and going through her stuff.

 It is obvious to Danny that Sam is extremely famished. He breaks off a piece of
the sub and holds it in his hand as he begins to hand feed her like a pet. He
watches her devour the bit that was in his hand greedily. He continues breaking
off pieces of the sub and hand feeds them to her till the sub is completely
devoured. Next he grabs a water bottle from the front driver seat and offers her
a drink of some water.

 Sam shakes her head yes realizing how thirsty she really is. She takes the
straw into her mouth and drinks the entire contents of the bottle with no
hesitation. She knows that she agreed not to speak but knows that she has to ask
him but fears the results of her speaking, "May I go to the bathroom?" To her
surprise, the dark silent figure nods his head yet without getting upset.

 Danny reaches for the hood of her suit and replaces it completely back over her
head with very little objection from Sam. He double-checks the tube gag and nose
slots before re-buckling the hood securely in place. Next he replaces the thick
leather posture collar securing it into place with the padlock. He reaches under
the driver's seat and pulls out a thick leather leash and attaches it directly
to the D-ring on the front of the posture collar. He then replaces the padded
dick gag into her mouth and secures it firmly with the padlock.

 Sam feels the dark figure guide her up onto her feet and a little ways away
from the car. After they stop she feels him feel for something at her crotch
area. The touch sends a slight shudder through her entire body. She hears him
pull at a zipper in the crotch area and feels push to the side the rubber
panties. A minute later she feels both vibrators pulled out, she sighs as the
fullness that the vibrators had created leaves. Sam feels the figure direct her
into a squatting position and holding her steady.

 Danny holds the bound form steady with one arm and holds the crotch flaps and
panties to the side with the other hand. He watches her relieve herself a minute
later with a massive sigh of relief coming from her gagged mouth. After Sam was
done relieving herself, he cleans her off with some diaper wipes. He is sure
glad that he did plan for such an occasion. He stands her back up and directs
her to bend forward a bit.

 Sam follows the orders of the commanding hands and bends over as directed. She
feels him replacing the metallic dick vibrator back into her pussy with little
resistance. She tightens up her ass and tried to move away from the figure when
she feels the pressure of the metallic butt plug pressing against the entrance
of her ass.

 As soon as Danny notices her resistance to the butt plug, he decides a little
punishment is necessary. He holds onto her braid with his left hand as he pulls
down his spandex pants. He remembers that he has always wanted to fuck her in
the ass but was always rejected flat out, now she has no choice but to accept
it. He gives her braid a quick pull to let her know that resistance is futile.

 After Sam feels her braid get pulled, she decides to give in and bend back over
awaiting the entry of the dreaded metallic butt plug. Is caught off guard when
she suddenly feels the dark silent figure shove his massively large and rock
hard cock into her ass with one painful shove. It is obvious that he did not
apply any lube beforehand. She winces in pain as he begins to pump his cock
furiously within her tender ass. Sam screams into her gag as hard as she could
while shaking her head furiously no. She begins to cry as she realizes that she
is unable to resist the assault that she is receiving. She wishes that she just
let him insert the plug in the first place without resistance. She just wishes
that this nightmare would just end.

 Danny ignores her protests and continues to ass fuck her with great joy. He
hears her sobs coming from behind the gag. Her cries of sadness is music to his
ears and increases the force of his pumping in peer ecstasy. He blows a giant
load into her ass when his orgasm reached a new high. He leaves his cock in her
ass letting it throb within her until it finally grows limp. He pulls up his
pants with great satisfaction. He picks the butt plug back up and shoves it into
her now pulsing ass with no resistance this time. He guides her back into a
standing position and zips her back up. He picks up her leash and leads her back
to the car with little assistance this time.

 Sam feels him guide her blind and bound form back to the car. She hears him
open the trunk and shuffle some stuff around in it. She then feels him lifting
into the trunk and placing her onto her stomach. She feels her legs get pulled
back behind her back and secured tightly with an added attachment at her knees
keeping them bound tightly together. She then feels her braid get pulled forcing
her head back sharply once again. She knows that she is completely bound, gagged
and blind again for the remainder of the trip to come. Questions still flowing
through her mind. One thing for sure on her mind is, escape.

 Danny inspects his rewrapped package of leather, latex and flesh and decides
that it is time finish going home. What he knows about the trip that Sam does
not, they have about 2-3 days left of traveling before they reach Idaho. He
pulls out the remote and turns the vibrators back on, he sets them on their
lowest setting to keep her occupied without satisfying her. He watches her
beautifully bound body begins to writhe and gyrate as the vibrators induce
gentle yet aggravating pleasurable sensations throughout her entire body.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 It has been 2 1/2 days now since Danny had abducted Sam. The drive was long and
mostly non-stop with little trouble. The closer that he gets to his home and
Sam's new dungeon/room, he gets more and more aroused. He finally pulls into the
driveway at the back of his house. He is relieved to finally be off of the road,
the trip has certainly took it's toll on him and he knows that trip really took
it's toll on his bound beauty still in his trunk. He checks his watch, 6:23pm.

 Danny's home is on the outskirts of Jerome and in a very rural area. Danny
moved to this house for a reason, the solitude and cheap cost of the house he
now owns. It is in the middle of nowhere. He had bought this house a month
before he even decided on taking Sam. His luck was the unknown extra that he
discovered in it. While exploring his new home, he had found a secret tunnel
leading to a vast underground room. He went the library and checked out the blue
prints for the house and found out that the room was totally a secret. The only
living person that knows of the room and tunnel is him and soon Sam. The person
that created the tunnel and room had died more than thirty years ago.

 Buried ten feet underground, the room was a bit bigger than a living room. The
walls were made of solid oak with a dark varnish making it look like a den. The
room remains well preserved through the use of concrete insulation/foundation
that it was set in. It was obvious that the person that made this room wanted it
to survive through anything. The only access to the room through the tunnel.
Connected to the den like room is another room similar to a bedroom.  The door
to the room is about three inches thick and also made of solid oak. The door
seems like it would be almost impossible for anyone to break through. Overall,
the whole thing makes a perfect dungeon for him to play with Sam in.

 When Danny decided to capture and enslave Sam, he started to turn the secret
room into a dungeon ready for his future slave slut. It took him about a month
to fix the room up to his liking. The walls, roof and floor have eyebolts
strategically placed along them. A wooden table with restrain attachment was in
the center of the room. The old light fixture was replaced with a new
fluorescent fixture. Along one wall was a locked cabinet that contained
necessary equipment that a dungeon, slave and master needed. Next to another
wall was a giant metal 4 ring human gyroscope with restraints in the center
ring. The door to the bedroom now had a 3x3 piece of Plexiglas viewing window in
it. The bedroom has a chemical toilet in the far corner of the room with a small
plastic sink and plastic mirror adjacent to it. In the other corner is a small
shower. Bolted to another wall was a small bed. In one upper corner of the
dungeon roof and bedroom roof, he had placed hidden cameras to view his toy
while he was not in the dungeon. In the tunnel door he had placed special
insulation making the dungeon completely sound proof. The dungeon was now ready
for it's new resident.

 Danny walked to the trunk of the car and opened it revealing a sleeping Sam.
The whole trip definitely wore her out. He wakes her up and unlatches her feet
from the single sleeve. He then unlatches her braid letting her head move a
little freely. He helps Sam out of the trunk and holds her steady as blood
rushes to her legs again. After she is able to move her legs again, Danny begins
to guide her into the house with the leather leash still attached to her collar.
He takes her through the secret tunnel straight into the custom made dungeon.

 Sam is not sure where she is or what is going to happen, she just knows that
she is helpless right now to stop it. She obeys the pulling of the leash and
follows him blindly into a building and down through some sort of tunnel into
another room. She hopes that she can see where she is soon.

 Danny hooks the end of the leash to an eye bolt on the wall and begins to
observe the worn out slave. He walks to the cabinet and unlocks it. He pulls out
a full body black latex catsuit, leather boots, and leather gauntlets. He
undresses and begins to apply some talc power to his body readying it for his
change of attire. He slides completely into the sensuously smooth and skintight
latex letting it engulf his entire body. He then checks the latex bag and dick
sheath which are currently occupied by a massive erection waiting to be
relieved. The sheath has an opening at the tip where the head of his cock is
poking through the sheath has ridges and bumps on it for deep stimulation. Next
he pulls out a latex hood and places it over his head. He views his latex
wrapped body in the cabinet mirror, he sees a shiny, smooth black figure with a
massive boner protruding from it. The only flesh visible on his entire body is
his eyes, mouth and the head of his rock hard cock. Next he pulls on the leather
boots and laces them completely up. Then he pulls on the leather gauntlets, they
come up to his elbows.

 After he makes his final adjustments to his costume, he heads over to his
awaiting prize. Danny first unlatches and removes the single sleeve from her
arms. He watches her carefully move her arms around trying to uncramp them. She
then reaches for the collar and gag and finds them locked. She groans in
frustration. Danny moves her arms to her side and silently instructs her to stay
still. He then unlocks and removes the thick posture collar from her now stiff
neck. He then unlocks and removes her gag with only a warning "shh" from his
lips. He then undoes the buckle to her hood and removes it slowly revealing her
sweat-covered face.

 Sam's eyes begin to burn when the light first touches her eyes. She was blind
for what seemed like an eternity. Her jaw is stiff and sore from the prolonged
existence of the gag in her silenced mouth. When her eyes finally adjust to the
light, she sees her captor dressed in latex with a massive hard on protruding
out from his body in a latex sheath. She looks closer at his latex sheathed dick
and sees the ridges, bumps and the protruding head of his cock. She quickly
looks around the room she is in and tries to figure out why everything seems
familiar. She looks into his familiar eyes and tried to place where she has seen
them before. She is snapped back into reality when the dark figure silently
instructs her to turn around. She decides to obey and turn around, not sure of
what is going to happen. She is only sure that she has to find a way to escape
this place, just now is not the time.

 Danny begins to undo the buckles on the back of the catsuit, his touch roaming
around her tightly wrapped body at the same time. His cock is screaming for
release, soon enough it will get what he and it want. A few minutes later, Sam's
body was now completely out of the catsuit. He silently directs her to take off
the cum slicked rubber panties. After she removes the panties, he removes both
vibrators from her moist pussy and ass. He notices that she is very relieved to
have those out. He finally unties the leather laces on the corset and slides it
off of her. He stands back admiring her naked and sweat slicked form.

 Sam stands before the latex wrapped silent figure completely nude, sweaty, shy,
and relieved to be out of those restraining clothing. She tries to cover up her
fully erect breasts and moist pussy from his piercing stare.  He snaps a
sinister looking whip at her. She gets the message and stands straight up, arms
at her side, head straight. Her fear paralyzes her into complete obedience.

 Danny walks closer to her inspecting her delicate and naked body, his dick
screaming for release. He decides to put her mouth to good use again and directs
her onto her knees with his dick looking straight into her fear filled face. He
uses his fingers and opens her mouth before he slides his throbbing cock deep
within her luscious mouth.

 Sam begins to suck on the latex sheathed cock while forming a plan in her mind.
She suddenly bites down hard onto it hoping that will discourage him. She feels
him yank her head back with a smile across his face. She watches him wave his
finger at her then grab a tube gag and a pair of leather cuffs. He grabs her
hands and forces them behind her back locking them together. He then brings the
tube gag to her now tightly clenched mouth in total refusal. She begins to shake
her head no fiercely.

 Danny gives a sinister laugh as he pinches her nose shut with one hand forcing
her to open her mouth to grab a deep breath. He quickly shoves the tube gag into
her now open mouth. He then quickly locks it tightly around her head the padlock
He watches tears flow from her eyes as he slowly inserts his sore but highly
aroused cock into her awaiting mouth.

 Sam slowly begins to slide her head back and forth over the full length of his
latex sheathed cock, with tears flowing from her eyes. Her strength to resist
slowly fades with her willpower. She feels his hands grab both sides of her head
as begins to pump the intruder's shaft back and forth in her mouth with ecstatic
fueled force. She starts to use every muscle in her mouth to suck and devour the
long hard cock in her helpless mouth.

 Danny continues rocking his hips back and forth as he begins to climax. The
feel of her mouth sucking and pulling adds to the intensity building within him.
With a loud moan he explodes a massive load deep within her gullet. A strange
and erotic energy flows through his body like an aphrodisiac. The sensations
make him explode again and again into her mouth.

  Sam continues to swallow the hot and salty jism with each breath, praying that
he is almost done. Humiliation and great sadness flows deep within her. The
feeling of knowing that she won't be able to escape and is powerless to stop
this man from doing whatever he wishes to her makes her wish that he would just
kill her.

 After Danny's dick goes limp, he pulls it out of Sam's mouth with a huge
satisfied grin on his face. He reaches behind unlocking and removing the tube
gag. He points to her to stay put. He walks over to the cabinet and begins to
rummage through the different gags that he can use. After a couple minutes he
finds the one he wants. He pulls out a padded gag that seems to have a small
rubber ball on it. He also grabs something that looks like a pump. He heads back
over to the humiliated and naked form that kneels on the dungeon floor. He
brings the gag up to her mouth.

 Sam notices the new gag coming towards her and opens her mouth with little
resistance. She tests the ball and notices that it does not silence her,
wondering why he chose to use this ineffective gag. She hears him lock the gag
tightly behind her head and watches him reveal a ball with a tube attached to
it. She is confused until he attaches the tube to the pad and begins pumping the
ball. She feels the little rubber ball begin to expand within her mouth. Her
eyes bulge as her fear increases again. She feels the ball expand tightly within
her mouth and forcing it open more and making her cheeks bulge.

 Danny gives her left nipple a little pinch only hearing a very muffled moan
come from the gag. Good. He stands her back up onto her feet and unlocks the
wrist cuffs. He then removes the ring clasp and undoes her braid letting her
long fiery red hair flow across her shoulders. He watches her lower her head in
grief. He then points to her than the shower. He watches her head to the shower
as ordered.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Two hours have passed which felt like an eternity to Sam since she finally got
cleaned up and rebound. Dark Man, as she decided to call him till she finds his
name, has finally left her alone and locked in the dungeon bedroom. A small
night light lights up the room shallowly giving it a dark and eerie look and
feel. She walked to the mirror to view herself and to finally admit that this
was not a dream but a real life nightmare. She sees herself in the mirror
wearing a silver metal collar locked around her neck with the pad gag still
silencing her. She looks down and sees the flared thick leather chastity belt
locked around her waist. Her hands were securely bound within fingerless leather
mittens. A small chain connected her wrists to the belt keeping them firmly at
her side. She remembers that before Dark Man secured and locked the belt firmly
around her petite waist, he had forcefully shoved in an extremely bumpy eight
inch long phallus into her sex and a five inch long, four inch wide bumpy
phallus strait into her ass. Every few minutes or so they would begin to vibrate
subtly deep within her and only last a few moments denying her a climax. She was
really beginning to become sexually aggravated right now and waiting impatiently
for an orgasmic release. She heads back towards the bed when slowly the
intruders begin to send their now welcomed sensual rhythms rippling through her
sleep deprived body.

 Danny watches the monitor as Sam begins to go through another torturing cycle
of orgasm denying tremors. He knows that she will be easier to work with and
train tomorrow in her exhausted and sexually aggravated condition. The timer on
the remote to the vibrators was set to keep her busy and awake all night. The
vibrations are definitely keeping her awake now and refusing to let her sleep.
His now fully erect cock throbs for attention as he watches the nearly complete
naked and sexually tormented form of his slut. He knows that he has plenty of
time and opportunities to let it have its release, but now is time for bed. It's
going to be a long day tomorrow.

 After Danny turns off the TV turned viewing screen, he slides a 3x3 oak square
piece over the hole in the wall completely hiding the screen within it's
confines. He steps back and looks at the wall making sure that it is on securely
and correctly. With the square oak wall segment in place, any other person would
not even suspect that the wall holds a secret of it's own. It took him three
days in perfecting this secret cubbyhole while he was remodeling this room. A
personal library/den with solid oak walls and shelves with a handmade solid oak
desk. This room itself costs him a large amount of money and heavily invested
time to make, but it is well worth it.

 Another cycle of tremors is going through her body like a gentle shower when
she begins to forget what the past 3-4 days had been like. She is unaware that
her mind is slowly but surely betraying her by adjusting to this new life. The
sleep deprivation combined with the subtle rhythmic vibrations teasing her
traitorous pussy and ass with the silent commands given to her by Dark Man is
slowly training and brainwashing her into her new life. All Sam cares about
right now is receiving an orgasmic release from this pleasurable torture. Her
aggravation grows with each passing second of vibrations flowing throughout her
entire body.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 The clock alarms goes off at 11:30 waking Danny up from the current beautiful
dream that he was having. The dream was that of his slut following 2 feet behind
him with head bowed in submission. She was dressed in a long sleeveless blue
satin dress. The leggings of the dress allowed little movement of the legs
giving a hobbled look. Her legs were delicately wrapped within black, silk,
thigh high stockings. Covering her feet were black leather, open toe, four-inch
stiletto heels. Her hair was delicately pulled into a bun with a varnished
chopstick holding it in place. Elbow length velvet opera gloves flowed up her
arms. Around her neck was a soft leather collar with gold trimming. Her soft and
delicate lips were shimmering with metallic red lipstick and her gentle brown
eyes were shadowed with a light sky-blue eyeliner.

  He was dressed in a very nice and elegant tailored black tuxedo. His long
brown hair was gently pulled into a shimmering ponytail. It was New Years Eve
and they were invite to an esteemed private party by a new friend that happen to
be extremely rich and who also wanted to give the slave a test to ring in the
New Year with.

 Danny headed downstairs to the kitchen and fixed himself a bowl of Oreo O's for
breakfast and a bowl of cinnamon oatmeal for Sam. In the oatmeal, he had
crunched up and stirred in a birth control pill along with a diet pill. The
pills were going to be part of her regular regiment during her service to him.
He ate his cereal and then placed the oatmeal with a small glass of milk onto a
small breakfast tray. Time for Sam to eat and then begin her long day of
training.

 Danny heads into the den where the monitor and secret tunnel are located. He
first opens a drawer built within the wall and pulls out his solid black
training suit and pulls a mask out and places it over his head now concealing
his identity once again. He gives a small push on a board which slides open the
doorway heading strait to the dungeon. His cock throbs with anticipation. He has
never been this exited and/or horny in a very long time. He thanks the bondage
gods again for his good fortune and continues onward through the dungeon doorway
strait into the dungeon.

 Sam watches as Dark Man through the door window as he sets a tray of food down
onto the sinister looking table. She than notices that she is extremely hungry.
The last time she ate was when he fed her the steak and cheese sub the same
night she was first abducted and tightly bound. She notices him grab a folded
wooden chair hidden underneath the table and sets it up. He is currently doing
something with the chair, she is uncertain what but does not really care at the
moment.

 After Danny checks the arm, leg and waist restraints, he double-checks the
metal phallus that is currently screwed into the seat of the chair. He got the
idea for this chair from a story that he read and added some modifications to
it. He locks the chair in place making sure it doesn't fold up when he doesn't
want it too. Now it is ready its new owner.

 Sam watches Dark Man approach the bedroom door and pull out a key from his
shirt pocket. She takes a step back as he unlocks and opens the door. Dark Man
approaches her and reaches down for her mittened hands. She watches him silently
and non-resistant as he unlocks the chains holding her wrists to her waist. She
decides to keep her arms at her side, she is too tired and hungry to attempt to
resist and argue. She feels relief as he unlocks and removes the chastity belt
along with the still alive intruders. She feels her pussy juices flow down her
legs and lets out a soft moan of pleasure. Her heart is still racing and her
body is still feeling denial of a much deserved orgasm. Her sexual frustration
is now at it's all time high. Her body and mind begin to beg for more and for
release. Dark Man leads her to the toilet and she obediently follows. For the
first time since she awoke that first night, her fears are almost now gone. All
she wants now is to know her captor's identity and to be pleased.

 Danny sees in her eyes as her willpower begins to fold to his will. Apparently
a sex-craved slut is easy to transform. He figures that she will be completely
under his control soon for her past as a slut in control already began her
transformation long before he even met her. She was destined after all this time
to become a slave. This very thought makes him proud and extremely horny.

 A few minutes have passed now since Sam started to use the toilet, her heart
still racing from the affect of the bondage and vibrators. She is unsure to why
she is letting herself succumb to this treatment so easily. Thoughts of escape
slowly bury themselves deep within her mind and almost out of existence. Her
curiosity is getting the best of her along with her sex craved body. Her
willpower was never very strong from the beginning and she was always a slave to
her hormones. She finishes relieving herself and feels Dark Man wipe her pussy
and ass with some toilet paper. The feel of the toilet paper brushing against
her sensitive pussy sends a pleasurable chilling sensation throughout her body
with a shudder.

 Danny helps Sam stand and directs her to the awaiting chair. He watches her sit
down strait onto the lubed phallus without even noticing what the chair exactly
had on it. He watches her shudder and eyes bulge wide open with ecstatic
surprise as it enters her ass with her own force. Danny then binds her mittened
hands to the arms of the chair then her cum slicked legs. He brings the two-inch
wide leather strap around her waist and locks it into place. He pulls out
another metal phallus and shoves it's entire seven-inch length smoothly into her
extremely moist and welcoming pussy. He hears her take a deep breath as the cool
metal sends even more chills throughout her awaiting body. He slides the small
bar extending from the base of the metallic phallus into a small hole within the
base of the seat and locks it securely in place with a small bolt from
underneath. Danny than brings the food filled tray closer to her and watches her
hunger and pleasure filled eyes stare at it. He first deflates the rigid rubber
ball than unlocks and removes the gag from her sore mouth.

 Sam works her mouth slowly open and shut trying to relieve her sore mouth
muscles as Dark Man releases her hands from the arms of the chair and mittens.
She does not think twice when he nods his head yes for her to eat. She first
grabs the glass of milk and drinks greedily sending relief to her extremely dry
mouth and throat.

 Danny watches her empty the entire glass of milk before she started downing the
entire bowl of now warm oatmeal. A look of partial satisfaction flows across her
face as she finishes the last bite of her meal. He knows that the part of her
that wants to be satisfied now is her need for a much wanted orgasm. That will
come soon.

 Sam opens her mouth as she sees Dark Man bring a giant silver ball gag to her
mouth. She feels it pull her mouth far and wide along with bulging her cheeks
out very far as it is forced into her now obedient mouth. She hears a padlock
click keeping the gag tightly in place. She does not resist when Dark Man
re-secures her hands back to the arms of the chair, the mittens still off. Her
heart begins to race even faster when he brings out a leather blindfold from a
once unseen drawer hidden within the table. She is now locked in darkness once
again as he places the blindfold tightly over her eyes.

  Danny out a couple wires and attaches one end to electrodes under the seat of
the chair and the other end to an electrical PEZ box embedded in the floor. He
double-checks to make sure that everything is connected and holding before he
heads to a wall with a little dial attached.

 "I am your master as you are my slave. Do you understand?"

 Sam hears the very familiar voice and can't remember where from. She does not
respond.

 Danny turns the dial a little and watches Sam shudder as a small electrical
current is sent through her body by the metallic phallus's that are buried deep
within her. He turns it off.

 "I am your master as you are my slave. Do you understand?!"

  The familiar voice again. She nods her head in agreement.

 "You answer only to as slave or slut."

 She nods her head yes again.

  "Good girl. You may only call me Master and you ask permission when you want
anything. Your job is to obey me and whomever I designate. You obey when ordered
the first time or receive punishment"

 Sam shakes her head no. She feels another shock rock through her body, a
stronger one this time.

 "Do you understand slave?"

 She shakes her head yes frantically.

  "Good. You will please me in any way I want and/or choose. You no longer have
any choices or wishes. You are property, my property. You no longer refer to
yourself as "I". You only refer yourself as "your slave" or "this slut", you
understand?"

 Shakes her head yes again.

  "Do you want out of that chair?"

 She shakes her head yes. A stronger shock flows through her now sore body.

 "You have neither choices nor wishes. What happens to you and your body is my
choice and/or wish. Do you understand?"

 She shakes her head yes again.

  "Do you want out of that chair?"

 No answer, no shock.

  "Good. Remember slave, the first time every time."

 Sam nods her head yes again.

  "Now you have the privilege of seeing your master's face"

 Danny walks up to Sam's bound body and removes her blindfold. Her eyes are
filled with tears of pain from the shocks. He agrees that she is going to learn
fast for he will no longer have any patience for her disobedience.

 Sam watches through her tear filled eyes as Dark Man removes his mask revealing
himself. Danny!!! She now knows why he seemed so familiar. The reason why she
did not figure it out sooner was that he acted differently and the fact that she
had not had any contact with him for a long while. She now realizes why this
happened, he always told her what goes around comes around. Through her actions
in the past with him and others, she sealed her own fate and deserves this twist
of fate. She bows her head in submission and sadness.

 Danny feels victory as Sam realizes the whole truth now. He watches as her
willpower almost completely fades from her and the fire in her eyes blow out
from the truth. He unbinds her completely resistant body from the chair and
leads her to the human gyroscope.

 Sam sees Danny leading her to a strange contraption that has four rings, one
within another. It looks like something she saw at a carnival once before. She
lets him place her into the center ring and lock her hands and legs into the
appropriate restraints sprawling her out spread eagle. She feels him replace the
blindfold over her eyes robbing her of her sight once again. She than feels him
shoving a vibrator deep within her pussy and a giant butt plug deep within her
ass and locking them in with a chastity belt. She feels her body slowly begin to
move forward and around within the gyroscope. She also feels the vibrators deep
within her begin to gyrate sending pleasurable gyrations deep throughout her
body. Her body begins to spin and move faster within the gyroscope as the
intensity of the now welcome intruders grows.

 Danny watches as his slave's restrained and filled body spinning her into
disorientation while the vibrators send waves of orgasmic pleasure throughout
her entire body. His rock hard cock throbs in total agreement knowing that soon
Sam's body and soul will become entirely his.

 Sam's disoriented and orgasm filled body spins out of control through the air
sending her body into a more ecstatic and orgasm filled frenzy. Her mind races
uncontrollably as she thinks about her situation and her past. She then decides
at that moment of absolution that she belongs to Master and she is a slave. Her
will is now his along with her body and mind. Her existence is only to please
her master. Her soul is no longer hers. Her willpower submits as these last
thoughts flow through her mind leaving it only the blank mind of a totally
submissive bondage slave.

The end for now




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DarkShadow Eternal


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





