BDSM Library - Jill-Jim-Kim




Jill-Jim-Kim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Teaching sex to a girl and her sister. Also another couple gets involved.
This is adult rated story only meant to be read by people over 18.

This story is fictional. It is purely my imagination and no characters or names
are real and have no connection with my past or present relationships.

This story may not be published, distributed and copied without the consent of
the author.

This story contains m/f,f/f,f/m/f,romantic,control,dom,sm,dm and canine sex




Jill-Jim-Kim


Chapter One:   Meeting Jill

	I had just move to Florida Pan Handle (mountain time) and moved into an
apartment. I was 35, 5'8", short black hair, green eyes and have a very muscular
body. At the apartment complex, they had a work out room, sauna and a heated
pool during the winter. I lived on the second floor in a two room apartment,
which had a great view of the pool. I was moved by a company to be an computer
network supervisor in charge of a network of 100 computers, printers, photo
copiers, faxes and various networked software programs. I had a three people
that were my staff. I worked from 7 am to 4:30pm. I was up at 6, left in 30 min.
and to work 5 minutes early. I was home by 5 went to the work out room, did my
exercises, used the sauna, took a swim and a shower. Would be eating dinner by 7
just in time for the night shows on TV.

	It was after I was swimming one Friday night that I ran into Jill. I really
did run into her as I rounded the apartment building in a small jog to my
apartment. She was 5,6", black hair shoulder length, blue eyes, very small
breasts and had an athletic build. She was wearing t-shirt, shorts and running
shoes like as I was dressed also. It seems that she had just moved in and wanted
to find the workout room. I explained that I had just finished my routine and
gave her the directions. When she was a few feet away she yelled back and asked
me when I started my work out. I told her 4 pm on the weekends.

	She walked into the workout room about 2 minutes after I did.

	I was working out with weights. I don't lift heavy, but do move all the
muscles in my arms and chest. I run on the treadmill. She worked out on the
stair master and the cycle. She came into the sauna, when I was in there. She
could not stay but 5 minutes because it was too hot. I like it hot and use allot
of water on the stones to make me sweat. I stayed for 10 minutes. As I came out
she asked what I was going to do next. I said that she could watch me swim. She
jumped in and stayed in the shallow area. I swam for about 15 minutes. We stayed
in the shallow area and talked about life. I found out that she was a
receptionist /secretary in medical office. She knew how to use computer and
software programs. Her office had individual computers and a lot was still being
done be hand. She had a sister that lived in town and her parents lived up in
New Jersey, came only during the winter months. They had a condo at the beach
they stayed at. Her and sister used it sometimes on the weekends to get away. I
told her that I was going out to a bar to watch a game at 6 and needed to be on
my way to get ready. Just as I was leaving she asked if she could join in on my
workout routine and if I would teach her. I said it would be a pleasure.

	I started having her lift small weights, run the treadmill, she still wanted
to do the Stairmaster. I would be already in the sauna. I tried to get her to
stay longer, but she would only stay 5 min. I like to watch her sweat because
her t shirt would start to show off her small breasts. At the pool, I had her
swim 4 laps of free style and 4 laps of the breast stroke, After I finished I
showered. I told her I had to run and get dinner. On the  fifth day of the
workout session, I was swimming I noticed that she had stopped halfway during a
lap and was struggling to get to the side. I grabbed her and swam her to the
shallow end. She explained that she had a bad muscle cramp in her left leg and
could barley walk. I put her arm around mine, got her out of the pool and had
her sit on a lounge chair. I could tell, I was going to have carry her to her
apartment. I told her to towel off, wrapped a towel around her and carried her
to her apartment. I put everything in our small bags. She lived in a first floor
apartment. When we got to her door. I put her down, she opened the door. She
still could not walk on her leg so I had her wrap her arm around my neck and we
struggled to the couch. I had her sit down, and I put her legs up on the couch.
I then had her point to what muscle was hurting her. She pointed to the right
thigh about 6 inches from her groin. I asked her if she drank any fruit juice in
her diet or took vitamins. She said no. I told her that she needed to start
taking vitamin C, which would help prevent muscle cramps. I told her to relax
and I would have to touch her thigh and message the cramped muscle. I started
near the knee and worked my way up to the rock hard muscle area. I started
gently messaging the area with fingers and gradually I felt it relax. I
continued closer to the groin and felt her tense. I told her to relax. I could
see her lean back and I just kept messaging closer and closer. She was breathing
short breaths and could tell she was getting turned on. I gradually stopped. She
was so relaxed she fell asleep. I let my self out and made sure the door was
locked.

	The next day, I thought she was not going to show, she showed up when I was
already in the sauna. She thanked me for taking care of her and said she really
enjoyed the message. She couldn't believe she had fell asleep. I asked her if
she had ever had a full body message. She said no. I asked her if she would want
me to give her one. She agreed. I told her I would do it on Saturday. I told
her, we would do it at my apartment. I would have to get some oil and a plastic
sheet. I told her to bring a towel and her bathing supplies as she could take a
bath or shower after, to clean off the oil.

	When she got to my apartment and I told her to go the bathroom to undress
and come back with a towel wrapped around her. I had to tell her that she would
be lying down on her stomach on the plastic sheet, which was on the carpet. When
came out I told her to lay down with the towel under her. I turned away so she
could lay down. When she was down, she told me I could turn around. I proceeded
to get the bowl of oil, which I had warmed up in the microwave. I put my hands
in and proceed to kneed her shoulders until I felt her relax.

	I then proceed to the neck until I felt her relax more. I told her calmly 
to relax and think of nothing. I got up and put on gentle quiet music. I kept
working down her spine just above her rump. I could tell she was very relaxed. I
started on her feet and then worked up her calves, then I gently parted her legs
and worked on her thigh muscles. I did not go near the sex area. I then messaged
her rump and my fingers graze her crack area. She was well shinny and slippery
with oil all over I made sure the oil ran down to her ass hole area. I asked her
if she was okay. She didn't answer. She had fallen asleep. I slowly got up.

	I went to the bathroom, showered, went to the bedroom and put some clean
clothes on. She was still sleeping. I put on the TV. I used a pair of
headphones, so the sound would not wake her up. In about an hour she stirred. I
took off the headphones told her I would turn away so she could get up and take
a shower or bath. When she came out she had my bath robe on. I was watching an x
rated movie. On the TV, there was a sex scene going on. I was a little
embarrassed and went to turn it off. She told me to leave it on. I was sitting
in the lazy boy chair she sat down on the front part of the seat and leaned her
back against my chest. The scene on the TV was with a girl and guy. The guy was
undressing the girl and taking his clothes off. He start kissing and sucking her
mouth and started to work his way down her breasts.

	Jill made a comment that she couldn't believe that the girl was letting him
do that. He then proceeded to go between her legs and you could tell the girl
was getting eaten out and then had an orgasm. Jill said that was nasty. I turned
off the TV. We had not eaten, so I told her lets eat. I ordered a pizza and
soda. After we ate she got dressed and I said I was ready to call it a night.

	The next day, When we were in the sauna I asked why she didn't believe the
sex scene and what was so nasty about the kissing and sucking part. She said she
only had sex missionary style sex and kissing only on the lips. I asked her if
she had ever watched a x rated film before the other day. She said no, I asked
her if she would watch one with me one weekend day to see the different sexual
positions that were available. She answered yes. I went to x rated video store
and rented a 4 hour video that would show allot. She showed up at 1pm to watch.
I was sitting in the lazy boy and had her sit on the couch next to me. I wanted
to watch her reaction to the movie.  It started out with a guy and girl making
out after a date on a couch. He undressed her and kissed his way all over. He
the ate her out until she came. She then kissed him all over and gave him a blow
job. I could tell by the she was looking at it, that she had never done the
acts. The movie continued and showed her using a vibrator, getting fucked from
the front, laying on her side and from the back. It then showed her being tied
to bed, tickled and pinched, then eaten out until she was screaming. Jill said
that she had never heard of a girl begging so much and screaming. I paused the
tape and told her that the girl was having orgasm. She said she had never
experienced one. We talked about her sex life. It seems that the guys she had
dated only kissed her on the lips, fucked her when she while she was dry,
hurting her and until they got off and left her without an orgasm. We continued
the tape and it showed a lesbian scene. I knew she had never had experienced
that.

	We continued to work out together, but she was awfully non talkative. One
day when in the sauna I asked her what was bothering her, She hesitantly said
nothing was bothering her. I asked what she thought of the movie. She sat their
for a while saying nothing. By the way the reason while during our work outs we
usually talked in the sauna was that we were the only one in there and no one
could hear us even if they were outside by the door. She finally said to me She
was having allot of mixed feelings about what she saw and would like to
experience sex like the girl had. I told her that we would start next Saturday.
She slowly answered yes. I told her I would start with a sexual message. I told
her I would start like the other time, but would also have lay on her back also.
On Saturday, she showed up 5 minutes late. I asked her if she was alright. She
said that she was nervous. I told to tell me anytime during the massage to stop
and I would stop.

	I had her got the bathroom, get undressed and wrap a towel around her. Just
like before I had her lay down on her stomach and turned on soft music. I
massaged her whole back until she was totally relaxed and not tensing her
muscles any more. I was talking to her all the to relax and she was pretty
responsive one I had her put her hands by her side and when I asked her to
spread her legs. I really was aggressive when I messaged her thigh area and went
as far as I could go near her sex from the back. I then asked her to roll over
on to her back. I could tell she was very nervous and had tensed up. I told her
to close her eyes and had her breath slowly in and out. I began messaging her
temples and told her to relax. I then started rubbing he ear lobes with my
finger tips. Then to her chin. When I spoke to her she made incoherent sounds of
letting me know she heard me. I then traveled down to chest, keeping away from
her small breasts. Her breasts where small, but they pointed upward, her
aerials, were about the size of a quarter and her nipples were about a quarter
of inch wide and extended a good half inch and she had a nice white triangle
from lack of sun. This was really turning me on and it was hard for me not to
just go and pinch them. I start massaging between and around her breast. I
slowly worked my fingers to fleshy part I could tell that her breathing was
labored and she was getting turned on. I saw her shift her hips and move her
legs. I knew she must be getting moist down there, could smell her sweet smell
of sweat, and the poignant smell of her sex. I worked my finger up to the
aureoles and saw her nipples really turn hard. I took my two fingers and rolled
the left nipple between them. She briefly opened her eyes and I heard her moan.
I then proceed to roll the right nipple between my fingers. Then I proceeded to
do both. She was making allot of moaning sounds and would shift her hips. I then
proceeded with one hand down to her stomach area. My other hand kept her
alternating between each nipple and messaging her breast. My hand worked its way
to the top part of her sex. She spread opened her legs more.

	I shifted position, so I was between her legs, put my knees next to hers and
spread her legs further apart. She had a one inch strip of hair, and kept it
short and she had a nice white triangle due to never sunning in the nude. Using
one hand, I used two fingers to spread her vulva lips. I then took my other hand
and using one finger ran the length up the inside of the left side and then the
right side. She was really moaning, gasping for air and would try to shift her
hips, when I stopped. I took one finger and poked it in her hole, about two
inches worth. Her muscles clamped down on it. I waited until she relaxed and
started slowly pumping  it all the way in and then pulling it out. I kept doing
this for  about fifteen times. I then took my other hand from her spread lips
and found her clit. It was like a little spike. I saw why they call it the
little man in the boat. I ran my finger around it making sure no to touch it.
She was really getting juicy wet and her hips were trying to thrust. I took my
finger and rubbed her clit. I kept my finger plunging in and out of her hole. I
saw her whole body stiffen, her back arch, she threw her head back, her mouth
open, but no sound, and her fists were clutched. She was pouring fluid out of
her cunt and a small pool formed on the plastic sheet. She stayed like this for
about a minute and half. I stopped fingering her clit and left my finger in  her
hole. Her muscles were clamping and releasing several times. After about five
minutes, I withdrew my finger. She finally set her back down on the floor,
closed her mouth and unclenched her fists. Her eyes were closed, but by the way
her face looked, she was in a blissful state. Her breathing finally resumed to a 
regular breathing cycle. After about fifteen minutes, I spoke softly to her. She
was asleep.

	While she was asleep I went to the bathroom took me a  Shower. I use a lot
of soap on my dick, rubbing it in my fist.  I erupted like a volcano. I changed
clothes and came out to watch A x-rated movie. I used headphones to listen, so I
would not wake her up. She awoke, one hour later. I told her to take a shower.   
Again she came out wearing my bath rob. She sat down on the front  part of the
lazy boy chair. There was a scene where I girl was  watching an x-rated movie.
She started rubbing herself all over. She said she could not believe the girl
was doing that. I slowly took both my hands to the front of the bath rob,
slipping one inside and began squeezing her breast. I the opened more of the 
bath rob front to allow both my hands to squeeze her breasts. The girl in the
movie had spread her legs and started rubbing her slit up and down. I whispered
to her to take her right hand and rub between her legs. She moved her hand down.
I could tell by her breathing, she was getting turned on. I began pinching her
tits . I told to put her finger in her sex and find the small nub. I told she
would feel good when she found it. I felt her tense and told her to rub it. I
grabbed her legs under the knee's and put them over the arms of the chair. I
told her to look at the movie. The girl was really rubbing and started to have
an orgasm. Jill went  for about a minute and shuddered to a orgasm. It didn't
last as long as before, because she stopped rubbing and just came. It took her a
couple of minutes to be able to talk. I told did she enjoy it. She said yes. I
told her after her message I had to go take a shower and masturbate myself to an
eruption. She kind of acted surprised. I told she was so sexy looking and had
really turned me on. I kissed her on the mouth and we really went at it with our
tongues. I broke the embrace and told her to freshen  up, get dressed and we
would go out to eat. After dinner.  I took her to her apartment door and deeply
kissed her good night. I whispered that we would explore more of oral sex.

	On the weekend after we went out for a dinner and a movie. We went back to
my apartment, I let her in and started kissing her deeply. I back her up against
the spare bedroom door. I stated kissing her neck and went back to her mouth. I
started to unbutton her blouse she moved her hands up to stop me. I told her not
to worry, I was going to undress her and then lick her all over. I unbutton the
blouse and told her to lift her arms up so I could take it off. I started
kissing her neck  and licked her chest area around the bra she was wearing. I
kissed her on the lips and told her to reach back with her hands and undue the
bra. I really like how her breasts stuck out and how pointed her nipples were. I
slipped the bra off her as she lifted her arms. I told her to put her arms
around her neck and to lock her fingers in place. I moved back about three feet
and gave a look up and down her body. Her tits looked great and she was looking
at me quirkily. I told she looked  fantastic and very sexy. I proceed to give he
a kiss on the  lips and then worked my way down between her breasts, then began
liking the bottom edge of her breast on one side then the other.  I then
proceeded to her areoles and licked around them not touching her nipples. She
was really breathing hard. I then closed my mouth over her nipples and gently
sucked on it.  She let out a husky moan. I proceeded to the other nipple and
sucked on it. I then put the nipple between my teeth and gently nibbled on it.
She really was moaning. I stopped and kissed her on the mouth and explored her
mouth with my tongue.

	I then, grabbed her hands and proceeded to guide her toward the couch. I
undid her skirt and let it drop to the floor.  I pulled her panties down and
told her to step out of them. I then told her to sit on the couch. I took off
her shoes. I started kissing and licking her feet. I then proceeded up her
calves kissing and licking her area under the knee. She was ticklish there. I
then worked my way up to her inner thighs. I pushed her legs apart and had her
position her buttocks at the edge of the couch. I then licked either side of her
slit making sure to leave it wet. I would blow on it once in a while and watch
her squirm and hear her moan. I then took both my thumbs and held open her lips.
What a sight. The flesh was juicy, wet, and very pink. I start blowing air on
the top part to the bottom. She was really squirming. I braced my arms on her
legs to keep her still. I then proceed with my tongue to lick the top of the
slit and with the tip of my I went down the inner folds to the bottom. I paused
for about ten seconds and poked with my tip of my into her hole she really
thrust forward. I thrust it is deeper and kept pushing and sliding it out for
about 5 minutes. I pulled my tongue out, heard grown and she push pushed her
hips forward as to make contact with my tongue.  I opened my mouth and went
straight to her clit and sucked. I flicked my tongue over the nub and would
sucked it until I would slip off. I repeated this for about five times, felt her
muscles tense and the fluid came rushing. I kept sucking and drinking all her
nectar I could. After about five minutes she relaxed. I stood up and sat down
next to her on the couch. I leaned over and kissed her on her lips. I asked her
if she enjoyed herself. She said it was incredible. She leaned over and kissed
me. She asked me if what she tasted was her and I answered yes.

	I told her that I wanted her to watch me masturbate myself off, as I need
relief. She said she would love to. I told her lets go take a shower. I striped
of my shorts and my shirt. I slowly lowered my briefs off. She looked at my 
dick, it was thick, hard and about 8 inches long. I turned on the shower and
told her to step in. I step in behind her, made sure we were both wet and turned
the shower to keep us from getting any wetter. I grabbed the soap and lathered
her back and reached around to her front and made sure she was all soaped up
from the neck down. I had her turn around and face me. I leaned against the back
wall and lathered my hands with the soap. I took my hands and lathered my dick
and kept stroking. She was mesmerized by this and was watching intensely. I
stopped, handed her the soap and told her to lather her sex, and masturbate with
me. She moved against the front corner, soaped up her slit and really began
stroking herself I started fisting my dick back and forth watching her. She
didn't take long until I saw her buck her hips, her whole body tensed and she
let out a small noise. I didn't know what it sounded like. When she opened her
eyes. I told her to watch. In about fifteen strokes I erupted, the white fluid
shot about three feet and about five times. I told her that I felt a lot better
now and she had put on a good show for me. She told me she had never seen a man
come before and couldn't believe that I could shoot like that. I directed the
water to rinse us off and stepped out.

	I handed her a towel to dry off. I told her she could use the bedroom to
change, then I would get dressed and we  would go and get something to eat.
After dinner she wanted to watch a x-rated video. I have a collection of them
that I tape off the pay-per-view or rentals. We watched one and got I was pretty
tired, I told her I need to get some sleep. She asked if she could join me. I
told her no more sex as I was really tired. She was still shy about undressing,
being nude around me so she kept her bra and panties on. I asked her what side
she wanted and chose the right side of the bed. It took no time at all for me to
fall asleep.

	When I awoke, I found that she had snuggled her back to my chest and I had
put my arm around her. I got up, saw her squirm, but she went back to sleep. I
made some fresh coffee, orange juice and got everything ready for eggs to order
with toast. I usually did not eat breakfast, just coffee and donuts during the
week, but on weekends I would make breakfast. She got up in an hour and came
walking out in my bathrobe. I had on a pair of shorts, T-shirt and my slippers.
I went and got her a pair of scuffs to wear on her feet.

	She had breakfast and wanted to go to her apartment to do some errands. I
had some laundry to do and vacuum my apartment. So we made plans to meet and go
out for  dinner at 7 pm. I told her that it was going to be a short night as
tomorrow morning was Monday and I had to go in early to bring up the network,
backup files  update the web page. I had to be in by 5 am and I would be home at
1pm. We watched a regular movie and just sat snuggled together and would just
madly kiss during some of the commercials. During the week, I got back on track
with the work out and we would just talk allot. We said we would just wait till
Friday and Saturday for the sex. I was happy because it gave us more time during
those days to explore and to learn.

	On Friday night it started by watching a movie with a heavy sex scene. We
were snuggled together on the sofa. I would tease her with my hands and kept
kissing her deeply. After which, she just about begged my to go into the
bedroom. I pushed her down on the bed, striped her necked. I started kissing her
breast, sucked her nipples and then tongued her clit. I made her have an orgasm,
but kept licking and sucking until she had another one. She took a long time to
recover, as I was sitting up in bed, resting my head on the headboard with her
head cradled in my lap. When she stirred, she pulled her self up next to me and
we kissed. She said that she had felt like she was a goner. I told her that I
could have just kept licking as she was really sweet tasting and I enjoyed
watching and feeling her come.

	I told her that I wanted her to suck me off. She said that she had never
done it. I told her to grab my pole with her hands, lick it with her tongue and
put it in her mouth and suck on it. I had her get between my legs. She put her
hands on it. I trembled a bit and felt it grow. She also felt it and proceed to
feel the full length of the shaft. She then bent down and started run her tongue
up the full length of it several times. She then ran he tongue around the top. I
really jerked when she did this and she did it more. Then she put the tip of it
in her mouth. My dick felt like it was on fire as her saliva coated it. She
would suck on the tip and then let go. My dick was pulsing and I was thrusting
to get it back into her mouth. She finally started to go down further on the
shaft slowly, working down further with each stroke. She took about 5 inches of
it. She did this what seemed like a short time. I mumbled that I was going to
shoot. I thought she would stop, but she kept on going. I bucked my hips, pushed
my dick down her mouth, and started to erupt. She pulled out to the tip and kept
sucking. When I stopped and regained composure, I looked down to see that she
cleaned me dry. I asked her how it was. She told me it was salty and thick. I
told her that she was now an expert.

	On Saturday, I told her we would come simultaneously together. I told her
the position was 69. I told her that she had seen it on one the movies we had
watched and to follow what I did to her. I had her straddle me and move her hips
toward my mouth. I put a couple of pillows under my head so I would not have to
strain. I started by running my finger over he lips. The juice was leaking out.
I then spread her with my fingers. She grabbed my dick, straighten it so it was
pointing up and traced her fingertips up and down the sides. She also cupped my
balls and squeezed them. I took her lips and squeezed them between my fingers. I
then stuck one finger, traced along the sides, around her hole and around her
clit. She was pumping my cock in her hand. I then stuck one finger in her hole
and started to pump. I then put my tongue into action. I licked her sides around
my finger and around her clit. She put her mouth on my tip and started to tongue
it. I was really turned on and knew I wasn't going to last long either. I
started tonguing her clit and started to suck on it. I felt her muscles start to
tremble. I started thrusting my dick into her mouth. She came hard. She had to
let go of my dick with her mouth, but I erupted shooting and spewing sperm on my
belly. She just collapsed on me. When she moved I told her to turn around. She
wiggled her body so she was laying next to me, with her head resting on my
chest. It took us a while to say anything. She said that it was great to feel
the release of both of us at the same time. She was sorry, she could not keep
her mouth on my dick, but I told her that she didn't notice, but I had stopped a
bit to.  

	On Sunday we just did our house work and snuggled together to watch a
regular movie and one x-rated one. She announced that she would like to start
staying over at night and live together. I told her she could move in any time
and gave her a key. We would do our workouts, eat, watch movies and do a lot of
kissing during the week. One night before going to bed after, we had watched a
x-rated movie, she asked me why I had not fucked her yet. I told her that I
wanted to, but would have to wear a condom, as to not get her pregnant. She said
she would get some birth control pills also. I also explained that I did not
want to repeat her past experiences of hurt and no satisfaction. She said if it
was anything like the sex we had so far, I had no worries there.

	After a week, I went and rented an x-rated movie that showed allot of
fucking for us to watch. It started out as the normal night with her sitting in
front of me, with her back to me chest in the lazy-a-boy chair. After a couple
of fuck scenes, I let my hands start exploring her breasts, pinching her tits.
She was moaning and squirming a lot. We kept on watching. I moved my fingers
down to her slit. I poked on finger in her hole. I started out slowly and the
inserted gradually as far as I could. I then added a second finger. I looked at
the TV and saw the guy was about to enter the woman. I mimicked the thrusting
with his actions. Jill started to moan and squirm. She came about the same time
as the woman on the screen. After she regained her composure, she said she
wanted to be fucked. I told her to get up. She went to the bathroom and I went
to the bedroom. I pulled off the top covers and laid down necked on the bed.
When she came out she was wearing her bra and panties. I told her to take off
her panties and get on the bed. I had her straddle my legs, with her but resting
on my belly. I told her to lean forward, so I could kiss her. We did this for a
while.

	I reached behind her back and undid her bra. I had her lean back and raise
her hands behind her neck. Her breasts and nipples would stick straight out. I
reached up with my hands and started grouping and tweaking her nipples. I could
feel the wetness from her slit on my skin. I then told her to scoot back and put
a condom on my dick. I told her to take my dick and rub it up and down her slit.
After she had done this and my dick was very wet. I instructed her to lower
herself onto it, but to take it slow. I had her raise a couple of times and then
lower herself down again. I could feel how tight she was and feel her muscles
tighten around it. She finally sank all the way down. I could feel her moist
hair on my skin. I told her to lean forward and kissed her. I told her to start
raising and lower herself. I was not going to thrust and I wanted her to find
the angle that felt the best for her. She did this a couple of times and moved
forward a bit. I could tell that her clit was now making contact as her muscles
were clamping more and she was moaning. I reached up and started messaging her
tits and rolling her nipples with me fingers. Her inner muscles were really
gripping my dick. I saw her expression change, she opened her mouth and her
hands were clenching. She went berserk and my dick felt her muscled clamp hard.
She lasted about five minutes and laid her head down next to mine. My dick
slowly lessened and slipped out. I had her roll off of me. I got up and went to
the bathroom to remove the condom and take a piss. She was asleep, when I came
back and we slept until the morning.

	I got up early and made breakfast. She awoke and we did everything together
for the day. In the afternoon, I dozed off on the couch. When I awoke she had
left a note that she went to see her sister. Kim had was the same build, hair
color, and but blue eyes. They looked like sisters. I had met her a couple of
times at the pool sun tanning. She would wear a string bathing suit. Her tits
were about the same as Jill's. Jill did not show up that night. The next day
after work she didn't show up for our workout. I stopped by her apartment and
left a note for her to call. At about 8 pm, their was a knock on the door it was
Kim. She asked if I had seen her sister. I explained about the note and she must
have been the last to see her on Sunday afternoon. Kim looked surprised. She
explained that her girlfriend was over and she did not see Jill all weekend. I
asked her where else would she have gone. She told me where the beach condo was
her parents had at the beach, gave me a phone number and directions to get
there. I asked if she wanted to come and she said it was better I went.

	I really was worried. I called and got the answering machine and left a
message that I was on my way to see her. When I got there it was late. I knocked
on the door and she opened it. It took a lot of time to get her to talk. She
explained that she had gone to her sister's place and explained what happened.

	She had knocked and got know answer and used her key to get in. Her sister
lives in a two story styled apartment, the first floor was the kitchen, living
room, laundry room the second floor had the bedroom and bathroom. She had gone
upstairs and the door to her sister's room was open. Her sister was on the bed
necked, laying flat on her back with her but thrust up in the air. Her girl
friend was on her knee's

	With a plastic dick poised at her cunt lips. Kim was facing the head of the
bed and was asking her girlfriend to fuck her. Jill said she couldn't believe
what she was hearing or seeing. She just stood there and watched as the
girlfriend stuck the plastic dick in. Her sister was yelling for her to ram it
in. When her sister climaxed she ran down the stairs, out the door and drove to
the condo. I asked her if she knew about her sister before this and she answered
no. I just held her and told her that she would have to talk to her sister about
her feelings. I told her that I had gone out with a girl that was into girls
before, but she also liked men. She just couldn't believe her sister would like
girls. We have an open relationship, so I asked her if she had ever tried it
with another girl and answered no. I told her that I had to go home, due to work
in the morning and to come home when she could.




Chapter Two: Getting Know Kim (sister)

    The next morning I called her sister and told her Jill was okay and was
staying at the beach. I told her that she should come over after work and we
should talk. At 6 pm she knocked on my door, I had her sit on the couch and I
sat in the lazy boy. I told her that Jill did see her that Sunday. Kim said, she
hadn't seen her. I explained that Jill had let herself into her apartment and
had seen her and her girlfriend on the bed having sex. I told her I didn't have
a problem with it, but Jill couldn't understand it. I told her that Jill had
seen it in x-rated video's, but had never had sex with a women herself. I
explained about Jill's past boy friends and that we were exploring sex. I told
Kim that she would have to talk to Jill sometime about it. In a couple of days
Jill came home and the next night her sister came over to talk.

    After her sister left, Jill wanted to watch two girls having sex. I put on a
good video that showed a lot of sucking, vibrators, and a strap on dick. She
remarked, after seeing it, that if her sister liked it, it was okay with her. I
asked, if she would want to try it. She said she would think about it. One
night, after we had sex, she asked, if I would like to see her have sex with a
girl. I said yes and asked if she would like me to ask her sister. She said,
that she would rather try it with someone she new than a stranger. The next day,
I stopped by her sister's apartment and told her what Jill had said. I arranged
for Kim to show up on Friday night and we would watch an x-rated movie. Jill and
I had just finished dinner and were going to have some wine.

    Kim knocked on the door. I let Kim in. We sat on the couch and talked about
what happened during the week. Kim suggested we watch the movie. Kim sat on one
side of Jill and I sat on the other side. The movie started out with two ladies
sharing a bed. They woke up and started to have sex until they came, They ate
each other out, rubbed there sex together and used a vibrator. The next scene
was with one going to her girl friends house. They were on a couch. I started to
feel and rub Jill's back and stroke her legs. I kissed Jill on her lips. She
kissed me back. Kim then kissed her slowly and then really went at it. I could
tell That Kim was exploring Jill's mouth with her tongue. I unbutton Jill's
blouse and start to message her breasts. Kim started on the other breast. Kim
helped me pull Jill's blouse over her head and I tossed it on the chair. Kim
rubbed Jill's breast through her bra. I reach around the back and undid the
clasp. Kim and I pulled the straps down her arms and added it to the blouse. I
ran my fingers around her breast. Kim was the one who started to tongue and kiss
them. I kissed Jill on her lips. I decided to just keep Jill's mouth busy and
kept asking her how she felt. Jill said Kim was doing a excellent job and it
felt good. Kim was really sucking on her tits and was tweaking her nipples with
her fingers. Jill was moaning. Kim worked her way down to Jill's belly button.
She had Jill scoot her but to the edge of the couch and took off her pants and
panties. Jill was really wet between her legs. I kept my hands on her breasts
and tits. Kim started to tongue Jill on the outer lips of her slit. She used her
hands to push her legs apart and parted her lips with her thumbs. I couldn't
believe how Jill's sex was so opened. Kim started with the tip of her tongue to
lick the inner lips. Jill was moaning. I told her to relax and let it happen.
Kim really got to licking and sticking her tongue into her hole. Kim then took a
finger and poked it in her hole. I kept Jill from screaming by kissing her hard.
Kim started thrusting her finger, licking and sucking her clit. Jill came hard
and was thrashing for several minutes.
       
    Kim whispered to Jill, lets go to the bedroom. I let them go. Kim said, I
only could watch. When I came into the bedroom Kim had undressed. She had small
pert tits. I later learned that they could be called banana tits, her nipples
stuck out like pencil erasers. I noticed that she was clean shaven between the
legs. I couldn't believe how this made her lips look. I sat on the end of the
bed on the corner. Kim pushed Jill down on the bed and climbed her self up so
she was kissing Jill. She would press her body against Jill, she would rub her
tits against Jill's. This went on for about ten minutes. Kim then spread Jill's
legs apart and I saw her to start rubbing her mound against Jill's. Jill spread
her legs further and began to thrust against Kim. I could hear the juice
squishing and hear them breathing hard. Kim came first really grinding and
making soft mewing sounds. Jill came next and almost pushed Kim off her when she
arched her back off the bed. Kim stayed on top, after they calmed down and their
breathing returned. Kim went into the bathroom and took a shower. When she came
out. Jill got up and took one. I got into bed. Kim and Jill also got in. Jill
was next to me. It took no time at all for us to fall asleep. The next morning I
was up first and fixed breakfast.

	When the girls got up we ate and talked about what had happen. Kim and Jill
both liked it and kissed each other. When Kim was leaving she told me to call
her. I called the next day. I was ready to tell her, that I was going with Jill
and would not see her. Kim started the conversation saying she would not do
anything to ruin her sister trust, but would like to have me fuck her. I told
her I would bring it up to Jill in a few days, but would not do it unless she
said yes. Kim asked if Jill had ever used a vibrator. I said no. Kim said I
could borrow a couple from her for Jill to try. I had a fantasy of using a
vibrator on Jill.

	One night, while we were in bed, I started kissing her, licking her breasts
and nibbling on her nipples. I reached into the bed side drawer and pulled out a 
seven inch small silver nosed vibrator, which had a knob on the end to adjust
speed. I turned it on to the low position and start to rub it around her tits.
Jill just purred and put her head up on pillows so she could watch. I then touch
it to her nipples. I felt her whole body tense and slowly release. I kept going
around her tits and back to her nipples. I then started down to her naval. I
then went to the top of her slit and along her lips. She really spread her legs
and thrust to make contact with it. I then spread her lips with my two fingers
and put the tip along the sides. She was really juicy and moaning. I positioned
the tip over her hole and twisted it in to about an inch. I then pushed it in
farther. When I had it in about five inches I stopped. She really moaned and
sounded disappointed that I had stopped. I turned the knob at the end up to
about medium speed. She really moaned and her muscles really clamped down on it.
I pulled it out and thrust it back in. I did it slowly, then really started to
thrust it in and out. She went crazy. She thrust her hips up, grabbed the sheets
with her fists and moaned real loud. The juice just ran out and soaked the sheet
under her but. When she came back to life, as she had passed out. We kissed and
she sucked my dick to an eruption. When I told her that her sister had loaned me
the vibrator and that it had been a fantasy of mine to do it. She asked if I had
more fantasies and I said yes. She didn't ask what they were, but told me that
we should do more of them. I also brought up what her sister had asked if I
could fuck her sometime. I told her, I would not do it unless she said yes. She
said yes, but would like to watch.

	Her sister came over after dinner one night. I had planned it like before
were we would watch a movie and make out on the couch. She was between Jill and
I. I was the first to make the move by kissing her on the lips. Jill joined in
on the kissing. I had Jill undress her sister as we continued. I really was
turned on by her small banana tits and how her nipples stood out. I spent a lot
of time licking, sucking and nibbling them. Jill was doing a good job on them
to. Kim was really enjoying it. I moved my way down to her belly and to the top
of her slit. I positioned myself in between her legs and scooted her but to the
edge of the couch. She really smelled musky and her lips were puffed out. I
really like the baldness of her slit as I could see everything. The two girls
were busy kissing and sucking each others breasts. I positioned my thumbs on
either side of her lips and spread them out. The pink juicy insides were
incredible. I started licking with my tip of my tongue and would lap the entire
length of the slit. She was squirming a lot. I had decided not to let her have
an orgasm. I wanted to fuck her to one. When I was sure she could not stand for
any more teasing, I suggested we go to the bedroom. I had Kim lay down on the
bed. I and Jill got undressed. I straddled myself over Kim's chest. My dick was
hard and I told her to open her mouth. I let the tip of it touch her lips. She
closed around it. She took her tongue and explored the tip. It was hard for me
not to twitch and I did not thrust. I pushed more of it in. I pulled it out and
had Jill suck in it. I wanted Jill to suck and drink my load. Kim watched and
moved her hands to her slit. I told her not to touch herself, that was my job
and she would have to wait. After I came and Jill cleaned me off. I had her kiss
her sister, so she could taste me. She said it was salty and creamy. Jill said
she really like swallowing me. Kim said she had never done it. I  moved down
Kim's body, put a condom on, and positioned my dick by her slit. I rubbed it up
and down, just parting the lips. I kept this up for some time to lube up. I
could tell Kim was getting frustrated, so I slowly inched it in and would pull
it out. Jill positioned herself so Kim could lick her slit. I couldn't believe
this. I kept slowly stoking in and out going further each time. When I was fully
in I stopped. Kim's muscles were squeezing me hard so I waited for to get used
to it. She said that it felt good. I pulled it out and sunk it back in. I could
tell by her moans she like it. I kept this up for sometime. She spasmed, I felt
her muscles squeeze hard and a loud moan came from her. She had an orgasm. I
only stopped for a minute, then started to really started to pound into her, I
wanted her to come again. I put her left leg on my shoulder to get better
leverage. I was really stroking her all the way and would hear my body slap
hers. Jill moved down to watch and was using her hands and fingers on us both. I
started to spurt so really started to pound. Kim also started to orgasm and her
convulsions caused me to finish. I stayed in her for a long time, until I
started to shrink. I pulled out of her. I licked up all the juice around her
lips. Kim said that was better than any fake or any cock she had ever had. She
liked how it swelled up and could feel it spurt and shrink. Jill said, I sure
knew how to use it and was the best she had ever had. Jill did not have an
orgasm, as Kim was too busy having hers to bring her off. I told her, I was to
spent and needed a rest and Kim added she needed time to. I suggested she use a
vibrator. She got it out. Kim instructed her what to do with it. She gave us
both a show and really came hard. She couldn't believe that she had done that in
front of us both and it had really turned her on. We went to bed all snuggled
together. It was great being between two girls. I got up before them. They both
just moaned and snuggled together. Jill and Kim both got up and took showers. I
had Kim shave Jill's hair from her slit. We had breakfast and went our own ways
for the day.

	Jill one night told me that she wanted to have sex where she could feel me
come. I told her that, I would not have sex with her without protection even
though she was on the pill. This bugged me until one night when reading a sex
story from the web, a plan came to mind. I had to plan this sex scene out very
carefully and did not know how Jill would react. It started one night after our
workout. I had her working out very hard and we spent a lot of time in the
sauna. I wanted her really to smell of sweat and sex. We went directly to the
apartment. I told her I was going to blindfold her and take her clothes off. I
then explained that she was going to experience something and to just say
elephant, if she wanted it to stop. I had her lay down on the coffee table, her
knees were on the floor with her stomach on the table. I had covered the floor
and table with plastic. I started rubbing her all over with oil. I then started
to cover her sex with peanut butter. She smelled the peanut smell and asked what
was I doing. I told her to relax. I stopped and went to the bedroom. When I came
back I told her everything was going to okay. She felt a wet toque on her sex.
It was long and very slimy. She moaned and asked who it was. I told her to
relax. It was Max a German Shepard. He was really licking her to get the pennant
butter off her. Jill was moaning and trying to thrust more of her sex. I started
to stroke Max's organ. I couldn't believe how big he was and long. I knew Jill
was going to love this. Jill was really squirming, I griped Max's collar and had
him put his front paws on the coffee table. He got the idea and started to hunch
his back legs so he could get to Jill's sex. He must have hit his mark as I
heard him yelp. Jill also moaned real loud as if startled by the intrusion. In
three strokes, he was in. He kept on thrusting and his knot was tied. Jill was
incoherent and had her fingers gripping the table. I watched as Max continued to
pound. Jill came about three times and Max yelped as he shot into her. I watch
the come dripped out of her cunt onto the plastic sheet. Max stayed until he
could pull put. Jill was passed out. Max just licked himself clean and curled up
and went to sleep. Jill responded finally in ten minutes. I undid the blindfold,
helped up and took her to the bathroom. I turned on the shower, I lathered her
and rinsed her off. I toweled her dry and put her to bed. She was asleep in no
time. The next morning she woke before me and woke me by giving me the best
suck, I had ever had. I asked if she liked what had happened with Max. She said
it was great. She asked when max had to go back to his owner. I said in two
days. She asked if Max could do the same to Kim I said yes. It happened that
night. Kim came over and was blindfolded. Jill took charge, Jill got to watch
Kim get fucked and Kim got to watch Jill. Jill said she like it better when she
wasn't blindfolded. We really got into sex more and more.




Chapter Three: The Sex week

	I scheduled a week for all of us to go to a two story log cabin on a lake
that was secluded. Couples that were into kinky sex that I found via the
Internet owned the cabin. They were going away for a week and would rent it to
me. They told me about all the different sex contraptions, tools and things I
could use. I was really turned on when I watched a home movie video of their sex
toys and machines. We talked and corresponded a lot, planning my weakened with
the girls. I planed to make many video's during my visit to the cabin. We left
on a Thursday evening, as it would take about four hours to get there. I stopped
at a rest area after about three hours of driving. I gave the girls something to
eat and a drink of soda. After driving for fifteen minutes the girls fell
asleep, I had put sleeping pills in the soda. When we arrived a carried them
both in to the guest bedroom. I unpacked and got things ready for the weekend. I
undressed the girls. I put leather bracelets with rings on their feet and on
their writs. I put a collar around their necks which also had rings. I then put
on the leather bra's that were half moon shaped that pushed their breasts up,
made them jut out and there nipples and the tops were exposed. I carried them to
the basement. I attached them to ropes. When pulled taught their legs and hands
spread like an x. I also attached a rope to their neck collar that prevent their
heads moving forward. They were both positioned, so they were facing each other.
I set up the video camera and got the rest of the equipment set up. I went
upstairs and got dressed. When I came down, I had on a T-shirt and shorts

 	I got out the sound equipment. I had small mikes that attached to the neck
collars and the transmitter/receiver attached to the bra strap in the back. I
was told this would pick up their moans and their heavy breathing. I also put
ear pieces in there ears. This was so they would hear me and hear their moans.
Just after I was done Kim woke up. She squirmed and loudly asked what was going
on and was very mad. I told her to be quite and when her sister woke up I would
explain. Jill woke up in about five minutes and acted just like her sister. I
was wearing a mike that was like the singers had it was a little boom that was
in front of my mouth and also had an earpiece. All of the sounds were being
recorded, as I started the taping video when Jill awoke. I told them that they
were mine for the weekend and that I was going to do things to them that they
had seen on the x rated films, but had never done them. I showed them the ball
gags. I had to force their mouths opens by holding their noises closed, so they
had to keep open their mouths open to breath. I then forced the ball into their
mouth and secured the strap behind their head. I told them that they had to do
everything I asked them to do or would be punished. I took out a ridding crop
and showed it to them. I then stepped behind Kim and let her have one hard slap
on her right ass cheek. I proceeded to do the same to Jill. They both had tears
running down their face. I wiped them dry with my fingers. I told them that were
for what they had said to me when they had wakened up. I told them if they did
well they would not get to many of them. I told them that they would call me
master when I asked them a question. They were not aloud to talk unless I asked
them to. I told them it was going to be a long weekend of fun.

    I took out the ball gags. They were panting for air. I took out a feather. I
started tickling them under the chin, then the arms and especially the armpits.
They were both really ticklish. I preceded down the sides of there of their
bodies, then to their breasts. Their nipples were really sticking out. I went
around to their backs. They were straining at the ropes, squirming and making
all sorts of noise. I ran the feather down to their buns. I spread their cheeks
apart and teased around the asshole. They both protested not to touch them
there. I continued for a few more minutes. I then came around to there front. I
took the feather and ran the tip of it around there areoles until their nipples
really stuck out. They were starting to glisten with sweat from their excitement
and movements. I stopped and told them they were to be punished for protesting
and speaking with out permission. I held their chin up and proceed to clip a
nipple clamp around their left nipple. They muffled small sobs. I then did the
right nipple. They had tears running down there face. I asked them how it felt.
The replied it hurt allot. I told them they forgot to say master. The look on
their faces was astonishing and I knew their minds were buzzing trying to figure
what their punishment would be. I stood back and grabbed the riding crop. I hit
their right and left breasts at the fleshy part above the nipple. They struggled
against the ropes causing the clamps to cause more pain as their tits jingled.
They cried out with pain. I asked them how it felt. It hurt they said master. I
looked at their slits, they were moist and emitting a musky smell. They were
turned on. I removed the clamps and messaged the nips with my fingers.

    I then released them from their ropes. I had them lay their chests down on
an exam table, spread their legs and with their hands I had them spread their
ass cheeks apart. I repositioned the video camera. I would do this every time to
get the best shot of each thing I did and will not mention it any more during
this story. I proceeded to put rubber gloves on and told them it was time to
explore and clean them for the next step. I lubed my finger with Vaseline, put
my finger on their hole and rubbed it in small circles until it was well
greased. I then took another glob and stuck my finger in. It took awhile until
they stopped clinching their ass muscles. I had to tell them twice to keep their
ass cheeks apart with their hands. They protested once when I really stuck my
finger way in and twisted it around. I made sure they were well lubed. I then
took an enema hose nozzle, poke it in and it slid right in, due to the grease
and the work my finger had done. They moaned a lot. I waited a few minutes, and
then released the valve on the hanging bag, which aloud the cold fluid to flow.
I could tell by their movements and moans it was really arousing them. I filled
them up with a full quart of cold water and turned off the valve off. I told
them I was going to pull the nozzle out, let go of the cheeks with their hands
and put their legs together. They were to hold it for five minutes. I told them
it was lucky for them there was two toilets in the basement bathroom. I told
them they could use it when I said to go. I told them we would do this again and
they would come back to the same position. Yes master was there response. After
they positioned themselves after reliving themselves the second time. I put on
clean gloves and cleaned their bum and asshole with baby wipes. I wanted them
clean. I them greased a vibrator up. I did not turn it on. I had the girls look
straight so they couldn't see what I was doing. When I positioned the tip near
their assholes and they moaned. I slowly rotated it around and gently pushed on
it. The tip just barley went in. I pushed further until I had it in an inch. I
turned it on. They started shaking their buts. I could see the juice from their
cunt lips leak out. I proceed to push it in further. When I had it buried 6
inches I thrust it in and out. I turned the vibrator up to high. They were
really squirming. I started the timer I had for five minutes. They were moaning
and thrashing. I asked them if they wanted to come. They begged for release,
master. I told them when I told them they could take their fingers and use them
to masturbate. It took them only seconds to have and orgasm. I told them that
were enough for today. They were to go to their room, shower, get dressed in a
t-shirt and meet me in the living room. I led them to their room and locked
their hands together. I told them no fooling around with each other and no
sexual playing. They didn't know it, but I had one of those voice activated tape
recorder planted in the room, so I would know if they did.

	The next day we went swimming, sailing and sun tanned on the dock. I cooked
a dinner over a fire. It was great. I told them to go take a shower, give each
other an enema, put on the leather bras and leg and wrist restraints and meet me
in the basement at 8:00. When they came down I put them in the ropes and
stretched them tight. I proceeded to oil every part of their bodies. I really
rubbed the oil into both their sex and ass holes. They were really groaning. I
undid Jill from her bounds. I had her lay down on her back on the doctor's exam
table. I strapped her writs cuffs so her arms were stretched straight above her
head. I then put her legs in stirrups that kept her legs opened and strapped
them down. I then ran a Velcro belt across her belly and tighten it. I the
lowered the end of the table out of the way this kept most of her back in the
table, but her ass was in mid air. I had a perfect of access to both her ass
hole and sex hole. I un-did Kim from her ropes and had her stand at the side by
Jill's head. I asked Jill, if she was comfortable and I wanted her to be sure.
She mentioned her knee's hurt a little bit, master. I repositioned them and had
some pads that I put under where the stirrups made contact. I then went to the
opposite side of where Kim was standing. I took out a two suction syringe
looking devices. I told Kim to suck on Jill's nipples and to use her fingers to
really get them hard and pointed. I took the syringe and put the tube just over
the nipple and pulled the handle up. It sucked the nipple in the tube until it
made contact with a small metal band and stopped. I attached a small line that
would keep it upright. I did the same to the other nipple. I then attached an
electrical wire to both. I could tell they were both wondering what was going
on. I then positioned myself between her legs. I took out a metal dildo, it was
only 1" wide and 5 " long. I told her I was going to put this up her ass and
wanted it to stay there. It had a wire that I plugged into a machine. 

	I then showed her another metal dildo. It was 8" long and about an inch
wide. I had a metal tip and metal quarter inch bands every half-inch. It was
made of clear plastic and looked very sexy. The metal tip was like a small
mushroom like a real cock. I rubbed her slit and started to push it in until it
was in 7" I stopped. I plugged the cable into the machine. I then asked Jill how
she was doing. She said she felt full, master. I had Kim kiss her and told her I
wanted her to rub Jill with her hands all over her body until I told her to
stop. I told her to be careful of the syringes on her nipples as if she tugged
on them they could cause pain. I knew they would move while she message around
them. I then turned on the machine. The first dial's I touched had to do with
the electric shock that would go to her nipples. I watched for a response. She
moaned when she felt it. I then started to pulse it about every fifteen seconds.
She was really squirming. I told Kim to keep massaging. She had stopped due to
Jill' actions. I then started the shocks to her dildo in her sex. I set the
intensity and then start the pulses. It would send a pulse in a sequence to the
tip and then to each band and then back to the tip. I set this for 30 seconds.
Jill was really squirming. I kept increasing the intensity to her nipples and to
her sex. I stopped doing any more adjustments. I asked Jill how she was doing.
She mumbled it felt great. She lasted about fifteen minutes and had an earth
shattering orgasm. I kept the machine on and she must have spasmed for about 5
minutes until I turned it off. I told Kim to lick her juices from her slit. When
Jill revived and was able to compose herself. I took off the nipple syringes,
pulled both dildos out and undid her straps. I had her sit up until I was sure
she could stand. She was wobbly so I had her sit in a chair. I then told Kim it
was her time. I did the same to Kim and Jill recovered enough to message her
during it. They both said it was incredible and couldn't believe how it felt. We
went upstairs undressed, took a shower together. I had them both jack me off
with their hands. I really needed to blow my load twice. I then had them climb
into the big master bedroom bed with me and we fell asleep. The next day we went
hiking up a mountain to a reservoir lake, went swimming and sun tanned in the
nude. When we got back we went out for dinner.

	I told the girls to go and get dressed and meet down in the basement. I had
them oil each other up. I had Kim sit in a dentist chair. I had her arms bent
and locked her wrist cuffs to the back of the chair. Her legs were spread wide
and her ankle cuffs were locked to the side. I had a small pillow on the seat so
her sex hole was elevated off the seat by about 2 inches. I ran a Velcro belt
around her belly and secured her to the chair. Her sex lips were puffed out and
really pink. I then brought over the machine. It had a pole about 1 foot long
and at the end was a rubber dildo that was very flexible. It was 1 and one half
inch in diameter and 8 inches long. I positioned the pole so it was level with
her hole and so the tip of the dildo was aimed right at her hole. I gave Kim a
small vibrator and told her to use it on Jill's clit. I wanted Jill wet but did
not want her to come. Jill did a good job because Kim was really trying to
thrust her sex to the vibrator. I had a box with knobs on it. The first started
the pole to move forward I did this until the tip pressed past her lips and was
embedded about an inch. I then set the mechanical stop so it would not withdraw
any further than this. I then let the pole continue forward until it was all the
way in to the end of the dildo and stopped. I set the mechanical stop so it
would not go in any further. I then withdrew it out to the first setting. I told
Kim I was going to first start the movement slowly and gradually it would speed
up. I wanted her to make noises and if she could scream that she was coming. It
started. She was really getting fucked in about 5 minutes it was going in and
out very quickly she lasted another 3 minutes and came hard. She lasted for
about three minutes and screamed she was cooooooooommmmmmmmmmiiiiing. I swear it
took 15 seconds for her to say the one word. I kept the machine going. She came
twice more and passed out. The juice from her cunt was all over and the dildo
really made a squishing sound as it came out. I let her regain her composure and
undid her from the chair. I then put Jill in the chair and did the same to her,
When we were done I sat in the chair and told them both to tongue and suck off
my cock one at a time. Boy did I unload, it was the first time Jill could not
swallow all of my juice, and it ran down her cheeks. I had Kim lick it off her.
Kim also gave me a suck job to. We all took a soapy shower together and went to
bed. The next day was rest and relaxation and I told them I would be there slave
for the night. During the afternoon they explored the basement. I had a hard on
most of the day thinking about what could happen.

	After we had dinner the girls told me to get dressed in the boxer shorts
that were left on the master bedroom bed and meet them in the basement. When I
came down the girls put leather cuffs on my writs and ankles. They attached
ropes to them and pulled them tight. I was stretch out like an x. I had done
this to them. They cut off the shorts. They proceeded to oil me up from top to
bottom. Having four hands on me was heaven. My dick was really sticking out.
They then each took one turn with the riding crop and hit my left and right but
cheeks. It stung and a yelped by the shock. They said that was pay back for
using it on them. I said, I was sorry for using it, mistress. They knew I was
going to play the game. I was then released and led to the exam table. I was
told to bend myself at the waist and lay my chest on the table and spread my
legs. I knew what was going to happen. Jill spread my ass cheeks apart. I felt
the Kim's rubber finger on my ass hole and it had Vaseline on it. Kim poked her
finger in slowly until she had it in three inches. She then wiggled it around.
My muscles kept clinching on it. She then pushed another finger in next to it.
She began sawing them in and out. Jill told me I better not come. Kim pulled her
fingers out, pushed the enema nozzle in and I was filled with a quart of warm
water. I was told I would hold it for five minutes. I knew to close my legs
together to help keep the water in. I made it to the toilet, was filled up again
and emptied it again. The girls put a leather thong device that had a hole for
my dick and straps that went around my legs. This kept my dick straight out from
my body at a ninety-degree angle. The girls had me lay down on my back on the
exam table. They fastened my hands straight above my head, strapped my legs into
the stirrups and put a Velcro strap across my belly. I was unable to move. The
girls proceed to cut all hair off my private area and shaved me clean. The used
a warm wash clothe to clean me off. They began messaging my body all over. They
really played with my nipples balls and dick. Jill and Kim took turns fisting my
dick running it up and down the full length. I was told I could not come. Yes
mistress. Jill climbed up on top of me and straddled my chest. I had a perfect
view of virgina, her lips were puffed out and they were glistening with juice.
She scooted up more so her sex was one inch from my mouth. I blew a puff of air
on her. She moaned. She told me to stick my tongue out. She slowly rubbed her
slit against it. She the stopped and told me I better start eating her out. I
felt Kim push a vibrator against my ass hole. I cried out with a startle yelp.
She told me to be quiet. She put the tip against my ass hole and twisted it
around. She then kept twisting and pushed it in about an inch. I was moaning,
but kept eating out Jill with a vengeance. Kim pushed the vibrator in to about 6
inches. She was slowly pulling it out and then pushing it in. I was told I could
not come. Jill came with a cry, spasmed almost smothering me and her juice was
hard to get it all. Kim stopped with the dildo, but left it stuck in me. Jill
got off of me and Kim got up and straddled me. Jill started back with dildo. Kim
kissed my nipples and bite on them. My dick was throbbing and I felt the pre
come on the tip. Jill put a rubber on it. Kim moved down and covered it with her
virgina. She lowered her self slowly down. When she was all the way embedded and
her muscles relaxed. Jill turned the vibrator on to medium and began really
thrusting it in and out. Kim said I could come any time I wanted to. She bounced
up and down about ten times and I shook all over, I spurted like a volcano, and
really was breathing hard. I had never come like that in my life. Jill pulled
out the dildo and Kim climbed off of me. She had also come, but I didn't notice
due to my state. They undid me from my binds. It was hard for me to walk, as my
legs were shaky. We took showers and went to bed.




Chapter Four: Exploring Fantasies

	The next day I told the girls I wanted them to write down their most wanted
fantasy or sex act that they wanted to experience themselves or to witness. I
knew what I wanted. I told them we would be the one performing them, so be very
explicit in the description so we would do a good job. Mine was going to involve
the two girls as I watched. When I read Kim's it involved both Jill and I doing
things to her. Jill wanted things done to her by us. I knew it would be hard to
decide who went first so we did it by cards, the highest would be first, second
and third would be the lowest in case two cards were the same they would draw
again. Kim was first, I was second and Jill was last.

	Kim was blindfolded with bra and panties on and her hands were strapped
together behind her back. We brought her to the basement and placed her in the
hot steamy sauna and told her to stand in the middle until we came to get her.
We could see her through the window in the door, when her bra was completely
soaked with sweat and her panties had a damp spot in her crotch, we pulled her
out. We put wrist and ankle cuffs on her and put her in the ropes pulled to a
tight X.  We then cut the bra and panties off her body. She would complain once
in a while, but we would not say anything to her. I stood in front of her, while
Jill stood in back. Jill took the first whack with the ridding crop; it landed
right on her left ass cheek with a loud smack. Kim screamed like hell. I then
hit her belly with my crop and she really screamed. I told her when she wanted
it to stop to say banana. Jill hit her right ass cheek. She had sheen from her
sweat, she looked very sexy. I started hitting her thighs, while Jill started
hitting the back of her legs. I then moved up to the flesh just under her
breasts. When she was quite red from these attacks we stopped. We then took
floggers that had several leather strips and started hitting her tits then her
clit. She was really sobbing, yelling and pulling on the ropes. I could tell she
was really exited as she was leaking virginal fluid down her thighs, we stopped.
Jill got behind her while I got down between her legs. Jill reached around to
her tits and started to play with them. I grabed the  thin and long lit candles.
I gave a red one to Jill and I had a black one. I positioned it to drip hot wax.
I let the first drop hit Kim's shoulder, which ran down her front. Jill did the
same which ran down her back. We kept this up until she was well covered. Kim
was really squirming, moaning and would yelp when the hot wax hit her. I then
let the wax hit her breasts. She really struggled and screamed. Jill would let
her wax hit Kim's but cheeks. We really covered her with the wax. Kim was really
worn out from struggling and yelling. I held her breast up one at a time and let
the hot wax hit her nipples. She really went wild. Jill parted her ass cheeks
and let the hot wax hit her ass hole. Kim struggled, but was to worn out. We
stopped for five minutes to let her regain her strength. I then proceeded to
stick a vibrator up her ass hole. It was well lubed and did not take to much
effort to push it all the way in. I then took another vibrator and stuck in her
virgina all the way in. I left them both in for several minutes. Jill removed
the wax from Kim's skin. Jill played with Kim's nipples until they were pointed
and hard. Jill and I stopped for two minutes. Kim was whimpering that we had
stoped. Jill had nipple clamps ready to put on her nipples and I would turn on
the vibrators. When she clamped the left nipple, I turned on the vibrator in her
ass. When she clamped the right nipple, I turned on the vibrator in her virgina.
Kim went wild, started to moan and pulling hard on the ropes. Jill took hold of
the clips and pulled her nipples taught. I twisted the vibrators. She orgasmic
like nothing I had ever seen her body went stiff, her muscles twitched and she
just let out a steady noise. Her body lasted like that for minutes, then spasmed
several times and her body went limp. Her ass and virginal muscles were still
clenching when I pulled out the dildos. Jill undid the clamps and rubbed her
tits. Kim was incoherent and stayed slumped for twenty minutes. We untied her
and carried her to the shower. We soaped, rinsed, dried her off and laid her on
table to recuperate.

	When Kim awoke, I had Jill and Kim put on their clothes. Both put on a
blouse, skirt, bra and panties. I then put blindfolds on them and led them to
the master bedroom. The bed was huge and I had put a plastic sheet over the
mattress. I told Jill and Kim I wanted them to undress each other and to make
love to each other on the bed. Kim would be on the bottom first then Jill would
be on the bottom. Jill took off Kim's blouse; boy was she slow and was very
carefully with her hands. Kim was a lot better in taking off the blouse and
making sure she brushed the right places with her hands. When Jill took off
Kim's skirt, I saw she had learned from Kim and did a lot better in using her
hands and even heard Kim moan. Kim did a great job in return to Jill. They were
both really excited as I could tell from their nipples were pointed against the
fabric of their bra's. I could also see a damp spot in their panties. I had the
girls kiss each other. They did and excellent show of taking each other's bra
and panties off. I had them kiss each other again. They were quite excited, as I
had to tell them to stop. I had Jill lay down on the bed. I sprayed oil all over
her body front and back. I told Kim to stand up on the bed and coated her well.
I told her I wanted her to make love to Jill by rubbing her virgina against
Jill's. They started by kissing. The Kim rubbed her tits against Jill's. They
were moaning pretty well. Kim started moving her hips against Jill's She really
started to press herself against her virgina. Jill and Kim were really grinding,
moaning and kissing. They took no time at all climaxing together. They were both
very affectionate afterwards. I told Kim it was her time to be lying down and
Jill was to make love to her.  Jill really got into it and at no time they both
climaxed together. When they had rested a while I took off Kim's blindfold and
had her get ready for Jill's experience. I had Jill get on her hands and knee's.
I started rubbing her body. I made sure to really squeeze her tits and pinch and
roll her nipples between my fingers. I then slid under her body and probed her
virgina with my fingers. I really teased her and would stop when I knew she was
almost ready to come. I did this about five times. I then switched my body so my
dick was poised at the entrance of her virgina. Kim put rubberizes pillows under
me so I could thrust into her. I started slow. Jill was moaning and frustrated
that I would not go deep. I started going deeper and deeper. When I was fully in
I stopped. Kim took her queue. She had on a strap on dildo. She poke Jill's anal
opening. I felt Jill push against me to get away, but could not thrust any
further. Kim finally pushed her dildo past the opening. I could start to feel
her muscles reacting to it. When Kim was half way in, I could start to feel the
dildo. Jill was really squirming and moaning, but could not do anything about
being impaled on me. Kim finally got all the way in. we stayed still and let her
muscles relax and for her to relax. I would play with her nipples with my
fingers pinching and pulling on them. Kim pulled out, and then I pulled out. I
would plunge in to the hilt and then Kim would. We sped up the process. Jill was
really enjoying this and took no time till she came hard. Her muscles really
squeezed my dick and the thrashing her body did really turned me on her tits
squashed against my body rubbing her pointed nipples against my chest. Kim
pulled the dildo out. Jill was lying on top of me and I was still rock hard in
her. When she regained her composure. I rolled her onto her back spread her
legs. I started slowly thrusting in and out. Then I started really thrust in and
out quickly. I was like a jackhammer, she had two orgasms back to back, but I
kept on going. I lasted about another minute and spasmed to huge eruption. Jill
said she could feel spurt my sperm into the condom and the heat of it. It was
quite a load as Kim took it off and licked me dry. The next morning when we woke
up in bed. Kim told Jill she wanted me to make love like I had to her. Jill
whispered into my ear. I got up and went to the bathroom. When I came back I
pounced on top of Kim. Kissed her on the mouth. Spread her legs and entered he
virgina in one long stroke. She was gasping with her mouth full open and her
muscles were squeezing hard on my dick. I gave her no time to recover and just
started pounding her up and down. She was going crazy yelping and thrashing. She
only lasted a couple of minutes and she had an orgasm. I kept pumping right
through and she had another one. I came in about a minute. Kim came right after
I did. Jill took off the rubber and licked me clean. We cleaned up the house and
returned back to civilization. I spent a week editing the videos into a great
sex video, I sent a copy to the couple that I rented the cabin from and they
sent me a refund. I made them sign a contract that it could not be copied or
distributed and was only for their own viewing pleasure. They asked me if we all
could not have a long weekend of sex together. I asked the girls and had them
watch the tape they had sent me to watch. They said yes and wanted to do it
soon.




Chapter Five: Meeting Tom and Sue for a weekend.

	We planed it on a four-day weekend, where Friday was a holiday. We left
Thursday after work and arrived at the cabin at 9:00PM. I told the girls I would
give them a sleeping pill as Joe and Sue wanted to start as soon as we got
there. I had them dress with bras, panties, shorts and t-shirts. When we arrived
Joe and I carried them to the basement. Joe was 5'10" tall, short blond hair,
blue eyes and was very muscular. Sue was also a 5' 10" long blond hair, blue eye
and had medium sized breasts. Joe and I were to be in control of the girls. Sue
was dressed like the girls. So we waited for them to awake. When they did we had
them undress and go to the sauna until we came for them. We had to set
everything up. We quickly set up the ropes, exam table and chair. We got out the
toys, lubrication and wrist and leg cuffs and blindfolds. When the girls were
all sweated, we had them one by one present themselves in front of us. We put
the wrist, leg cuffs, and collars on them. We then put the blindfold on them and
locked their wrists to the back of their collars. The girls really were
protesting, as Sue must have been trained she wasn't saying anything. I had to
extend the girls wrist cuffs with chains so they were less strained. We had them
line up in a line with their legs spread apart. We started with Jill; we used
riding crops and floggers on her. We made sure her whole body was red and
covered with sweat. We then proceeded with Kim then Sue. I could tell Sue was
seasoned, as she really didn't whimper as much. We then put nipple clamps on
their nipples and stuck vibrating eggs into their sex. We wanted to see who
would come first when we turned them on. We started a stopwatch, when we turned
them on. It was Kim who came first, and then Jill followed by Sue. We turned off
the eggs as they came, but left them in. We undid Kim's wrists from her collar,
told her to bend over at the waist and use her hands to spread her ass cheeks
apart. We lubed her ass hole up with Vaseline and pushed the enema nozzle into
her ass. We did the same to the other girls. We timed it so each one went in
order and was done before the next one needed to go. We did it twice. We then
inserted egg vibrators into their ass hole it was hard to insert them bur
finally got them in. We had them stand straight up with their hands reaching
high in the air and their legs closed together. We used riding crops on their
buts. We then turned on their egg vibrators in their ass and waited for them to
come. They really thrashed a lot and could tell they were worn out. We switched
on the egg vibrator in their sex and they went crazy. The girls had to lower
their hands, but I warned them not to touch their bodies. When they came they
collapsed on the floor. We turned the vibrators off, undid the nipple clamps,
pulled out the vibrators and removed their blindfolds. We had them rub each
other to loosen their muscles and get the blood back into their nipples. We told
them it was time to shower and go to bed. The girls and I would sleep in the
guest bedroom. Tom and Sue were going to sleep in the Master bedroom. We let the
girls go to sleep. Tom and I talked what to do for the next day and night.

	The next day I slept late until noon. When I awoke everybody had gone to
town for shopping. So I ate and went out on the dock. They came back about 3pm.
We all just swam and relaxed on the dock. We had a cook out for dinner. After
dinner, I told Sue she was in charge of Jill and Kim for the night and could do
anything she wanted. I could tell Jill and Kim were a little nervous and scared
so I told Sue to be careful as they were not as seasoned as she was. Tom and I
were going to video the act. She led them to the basement. She had them undress
and oiled their bodies up. She was an expert of teasing the girls with her hands
and saying nasty things to them. They were begging to come, but Sue told them
they could only come when she told them they could. She had them bend over and
put Vaseline in their ass holes. She then had Kim get into the chair. She
restrained her hands so they were stretched straight back over her head. She
positioned her legs so they were spread out and were pulled as far apart as they
would go. Kim protested a bit and Sue told her to shut up. Sue then had Jill
stand next to Kim's side. Sue proceeded to rub and squeeze Kim and had Jill help
her. She stopped, but told Jill to continue. She got between Kim's legs and
started to use her fingers on her sex. She would stop once in a while and ask
Kim if she was enjoying it and should she continue. Kim was begging to be
touched and wanted to come. Sue started to use her tongue and fingers combined,
while doing this she stuck a silver metal dildo into her ass very slowly. Kim
was yelping and making all sorts of noise and squirming all over. Sue then took
a small metal tipped pencil like probe and preceded to circle Kim's clit with
it. It was inducing electrical shocks to her and was making her crazy. She was
bucking and moaning. Sue stopped and asked if she wanted to continue. Kim begged
and begged for more. Jill was shocked at what was happening. Sue proceeds with a
small vibrator into Kim's sex hole and would use the probe on her clit. Kim
didn't last long and had the most intense orgasm. Sue just kept going for
fifteen minutes. Kim was in a state of bliss and her body was twitching all
over. It took ten minutes for Kim to relax her muscles and her breathing to
return, during witch she spasmed two more times without anything being done to
her. Kim was released and we laid her down on the exam table where she passed
out. Sue had Jill get into the chair. I could tell she was afraid and told her
to just relax and enjoy it. Sue started out slow and made her very comfortable
and in no time she was begging for more. She was more intense when she came and
took longer to recover. Both girls were worn out, so we had them go take a
shower and go to bed. When they left, Tom had Sue give him a suck job. I still
had not seen her nude. I asked Tom, if she would do a strip tease for me and
give me a suck job also. Boy was she great, my dick was rock hard and twitching
watching her seductively strip. She really knew how to suck and take the whole
shaft into her mouth. When I came she took every drop and licked me clean. Tom
slept with the girls and I slept with Sue. We did not have sex, but cuddling
together was great. The girls and I had an agreement that we would not have sex
with another person unless the other was there to watch.

	The next night all of us were to take charge of Sue. She was
blindfolded, striped, oiled, given two enemas, and wrist and ankle cuffs with a
neck collar on. We then attached the ropes and tighten her out like a large X.
Tom really made her tight. She could not move an inch. Tom and I were in front
and Sue and Kim were in back. We started with riding crops and ended with
floggers. We started each hitting her one at a time. Tom and I would hit her
front and Kim and Jill would hit her back. Then we hit her all at once, She was
screaming, but Tom said to continue. We stopped after a total of 20 minutes of
this. Her body was red all over and totally spent when we released her from the
restraints. Tom had her get on the exam table. Her hands were stretch out over
her head and secured. He legs were stretch fully apart and secured. All of us
started by rubbing her and squeezing her. She was really turned on. The gals
applied nipple clamps to her nipples, which had chains on them. Tom took the
chains and pulled on them till her tits were stretched by them and attached them
to a suspended bar. She was moaning and yelped a couple of times. Tom had the
girls rub her tits and her upper body. He then proceeded between her legs. He
took out a rectangle device that had clips on the side. First he attached the
left clips to her left lips and attached the right clips to the right lips. He
expanded the rectangle so her lips were parted and her sex was completely
exposed. Her love hole was completely open and you could see her clit erect. We
all stopped to watch this and couldn't believe how exposed she was. Her sex was
oozing with fluid and by her moans I could tell she was enjoying it. He then
took a metal silver dildo and pushed it into her anus. She was moaning all the
time. He then took out four pencil probes and we all were instructed to use them
on her body. We were told not to loose contact with the body as the current
could spark causing pain. Jill and Kim started with the breast and around the
clasped nipples. Sue was really squirming a moaning. Tom and I got on either
side of her legs and started to use the probes on her legs till we reached her
sex area. We first used them around her outer lips then went into the inner
lips. She was trying to thrust and squirm to get more, but couldn't She begged
for more, but was not answered. She was really sweating and her sex was oozing
fluid. Tom and I stopped three times and she was frustrated and called us names.
The girls were also doing a good time of teasing to. Tom finally had pity and
started to use the probe around her sex hole. He had me start to run circles
around her clit. She was really bucking and thrashing. I used the probe right on
her clit and she came hard, but Tom did not stop. She must have had six orgasms
within a fifteen minute time and passed out. We all stopped and undid her from
her restraints. It took her almost twenty-five minutes to relax and recover
enough to talk. We were scared, but Tom said she usually came like that during
this type of session. I told Jill and Kim to do a strip tease and give Tom a
suck job. Boy they both were great, as Sue would whisper to them what to do. She
taught them how to take the whole shaft and had them both sucking on his dick
and balls. I was really jealous and started stroking my dick Sue sucked me off.

	The next day we all just relaxed, we all just lounged around in the sun,
read books and swam. Sue went to take a nap in the afternoon. Tom talked to us
about Sue never having sex with woman and wanted her to experience it. She had
talked about it when she had seen the video of Sue and Kim making Love. When Sue
woke up, she went for a swim. We had pizza and beer on the dock. Tom told Sue to
change out of her bathing suit and to take a shower. The girls waited until they
heard her in the shower. The master bedroom had a large walk-in shower that even
had a bench on one wall to sit down on. The girls got undressed and slipped into
the shower. Kim got in front of Sue and Kim was in the back. Tom and I were
sitting on the raised tub area that was across from the shower. Sue was all
lathered with soap, so the girls started rubbing their hands all over really
working on her. Sue was stunned at first, really nervous and quite shy. The
girls really started on her tits, nipples and rubbing her sex. They had her
really moaning, but stopped to wash her off with cold water. She really sounded
disappointed and muffled small cries as the water hit her. They turned off the
water, toweled her dry and led her to the master bed. The bed was stripped and
was covered with a large plastic sheet. The girls led her to the middle of the
bed and started to rub hot oil all over her. Tom was really turned on and
started stroking his dick. When the girls were all covered with oil they had Sue
lay down on her front. Kim and Jill rubbed her from head to toe. Jill then held
her ass checks apart while Kim probed with her fingers around her hole. Sue was
making soft mewing sounds and squirming around. Kim then had her roll over on
her back. Jill straddled her chest as Kim got between her legs. Jill took Sue's
hands and put them on her tits and told her to rub them and to pinch her
nipples. Kim parted Sue's legs and started running her hands up and down her
mound area. Sue was thrusting to make contact, but with Jill on her mid section
she couldn't. Kim parted her lips with her fingers and ran her finger around her
inner lips. Jill scooted up closer to Sue's mouth. Jill told Sue to stick out
her tongue and started to rub her slit on it. Kim started to lick Sue's slit and
probed her hole with her tongue. Sue really started to lick and suck on Jill's
sex. Jill showed her where to lick and suck. Kim was doing the same thing on
Sue's clit. Jill and Kim only lasted for about five minutes and came bucking and
thrashing. When both girls had recovered. Kim had Jill move off of Sue. Kim laid
down on top of Sue, deeply kissed her and let her tongue explore her mouth. She
had Sue kiss and suck on her tits and nipples. Sue really learned fast and had
Kim moaning. Kim slithered down and started rubbing her sex against Sue's. Sue
really opened her legs apart and bent her knee's to make better contact with Kim
and started thrusting. They both went at it like they were in heat. They must
have had two orgasm's together and collapsed on each other. Tom and I were
really stroking our cocks, walked over on opposite sides of Sue and spurted on
her tits. We cleaned up and went to bed.

	The next night tom said he wanted to try a new toy for the night. We had
the girls strip naked and meet us in the basement. Tom showed me two slings that
would go around the girl's legs and they would sit in it like a chair. The
slings were supported by chains to a beam. Tom had Kim put her legs trough the
slings and support herself by reaching up with her hands to a metal bar that ran
across the top of the chains, Kim legs were spread apart, her sex lips were
puffed out and very wet. Since her arms were stretched up over her head her
breast were stuck out and her nipples were pointed. Tom had Sue and Jill put on
strap on dildos and lube them up. Tom told Sue to take the front and Jill to
take the back. Kim was begging to have them stick it in. Tom told the girls that
they were to really thrust the dildos in and really pound hard. They were to
make her come as fast as they could. Kim really screamed as Jill and Sue trusted
into her as they pounded all the way in on the first shove and didn't wait to
pull out and pushed right back in. Kim was really making noises and in no time
she screamed and convulsed all over. Tom had Jill put on the slings next and Kim
and Sue did the same process again. Jill really enjoyed it and really came hard.
Sue was the last, but Tom told her he was going to thrust into her and I was
going to do the back. He told Kim and Jill they were to use their hands on Sue
to excite her more. Tom and I pushed right in and began pounding. Sue was
thrashing lot and whimpering. Sue took no time at all to have an orgasm and was
shaking all over. Tom said not to stop and we kept on pounding. I spurted my
load into sue behind and Sue came hard. I could feel her squeeze me dick hard.
Tom spurted right after me and Sue came hard again. We had to lift Sue down as
she was totally spent and worn out. She was quite wobbly for a long time after.
We all took showers and went to bed. I slept with Kim and Jill in the guest
bedroom. The next day was time for us to leave. We said our goodbyes. In the car
on the way home the girls said that it was a fantastic weekend and really
enjoyed themselves. The girls slept all the way home.




Chapter Six

	Jill and I did not here from Kim for two weeks and wondered what was up.
We decided to stop by her apartment on Friday night. When we drove up to her
apartment, we noticed that her girlfriend's car (pat) was parked there and Sue's
car. I said to Jill it must be some kind of party and that we should leave. Jill
said she wanted to say hi and found out what was going on. When we knocked at
the door we heard Sue ask who it was. We both answered and Sue said she would be
a second. Sue opened the door and was quietly talking to us. She said Kim and
Pat were in the bedroom and were her slaves for the night. Jill said she wanted
to see Kim and make sure everything was all right. Sue brought Kim and Pat out
to the living room. Both girls had on wrist cuffs with their hands behind there
necks. They both were necked and blindfolded. They both were very sweated and
had red marks from being hit. Sue hit Kim with the riding crop and asked her if
she was okay and wanted more. Kim answered yes Mistress and thank you for the
punishing me. Jill could not believe what was going on. I asked Sue if we could
stay and watch. She told the girls who had arrived and asked them if it was all
right for us to stay. They both said yes mistress. Sue told us to sit down on
the living room couch and be quit. She had the two girls face each other with
their nipples just touching each others and with there legs spread. She used her
hands to get their nipples hard and rubbed there sex till it was juicy and they
were moaning. She stopped and used the ridding crop on their ass cheeks. They
were whimpering and tears were running down their face. She stopped. She had
them kiss each other and lick each other's tears off. She then got a
double-ended dildo out and shoved it into Kim's sex. Kim was in shock and
totally surprised by this. Sue then put the other end into Pat's sex just an
inch. Sue got out a Velcro satrap and put it around both their waists. Sue told
the girls if they pushed and the dildo went any further into Pat they would be
punished. She then took out a vibrator and began teasing Kim's ass and would
probe her hole. Kim pushed a couple of times and was slapped on her ass cheeks
very hard. Pat's sex was now penetrated about four inches. Sue then used the
vibrator on Pat's ass hole. She was squirming and making all sorts of noises.
She had impaled herself all the way onto the dildo.  Sue tightened the Velcro
strap tightly around the girl's waists. She then turned a knob on a box that was
on end of a wire leading to the dildo. We could see the girls squirming as the
dildo started to move and vibrate. Sue told the girls they were to hold out as
long as they could before coming, as they would receive less punishment. They
lasted about four minutes and both came. Sue did not turn off the dildo and they
came again. She undid the strap and pulled them apart. The dildo was still in
Pat's sex. Sue led Pat to the long coffee table and had her sit down. She then
strapped her leg to the table legs and laid her back down on the tabletop. She
used straps to tie her hands over her head to the table legs. Sue then pulled
the dildo out of her sex. We had a good view of Pat, as she was lying right in
front of us, we could smell her sweat and musky sex smell. Sue positioned Kim so
she was standing with her legs spread apart above pat's head. Sue rubbed oil all
over Pat's breasts, stomach, thighs and legs. Sue took us into the bedroom, lit
three long and thin candles, she told us that we were to drip wax all over Pat's
body, but was not to burn her. She said to make sure to drip it directly on her
nipples when she motioned to us with her hands. We went back into the living
room and Sue had Kim squat down until she was just above pat's mouth. Sue told
Pat she was lick, suck and make Kim come when she was told to do so. Pat forgot
to say yes mistress and received a flat hand slap right on her tummy. She
shrieked and struggled, but she could not do anything about it. She said she was
sorry to mistress Sue. Sue said she had better be. Sue had us begin with the
candles. Pat was in shock and struggling against her bonds and was breathing
hard. Sue positioned the rectangular device with four clips on it and pulled
pat's sex lips apart. I could tell by the expression on pat's face and her body
movement she could not believe that she was totally open and could due nothing
about it. She was whimpering from the wax and the pain she had due to the clips.
Sue took a candle and began to drip wax on her lips and thighs. Pat was really
struggling, moaning and crying. Sue stopped with her wax. Sue told pat to make
Kim come. Jill and I had her breasts well covered and started on her tummy. Sue
took out the electrical pencil and started to use it on Pats. sex hole. Pat was
really struggling and screamed she was going to come. Sue motioned for us to
drip wax on her nipples. Pat let out a scream when we did and Sue used the probe
right on her clit. Pat went crasy arched up; all her muscles went taught, let
out a loud cry and was gushing like a foutain. Kim came just from Pats
struggling under her. We all wanted until Pat was done and had calmed down which
took almost twenty minutes. Jill and I took Pat and cleaned her off in the
shower, dried her off, let her lay down on the bed in the bedroom and in no time
she was fast asleep. Sue then had Kim receive the same torture, but she had to
suck Jill and me to an orgasm before receiving her orgasm with the electric
pencil, which she was begging for from her mistress. We cleaned her off like Pat
and when we left they were both sleeping on the bed. Sue left with us to stay
the night. We had great sex that night between all three of us and slept most of
the next day. Kim and Pat came over about lunch time and we made plans for all
of us to meet for a weekend at Sue's cabin where Jill, Kim, Sue, Pat, Tom and I
would have a great sex party with all involved.     




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





