BDSM Library - Parker 13: Bringing Down Pet




Parker 13: Bringing Down Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sequel to Parker 6: Pet Teacher.  The blackmailed schoolteacher suffers further humiliation at the hands of her students.

                                  PARKER13.TXT

                               BRINGING DOWN PET
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi


           WARNING: This story is a sequel to PARKER06 (Pet Teacher).
           As such, it contains rather a good deal of non-consensual
           and semi-consensual activity between members of the same
           sex. If this bothers or offends you, stop reading now. You
           have been warned.

          Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to redistribute in
            electronic form (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     We took my car. Maggie's friend lived only a few miles away, so the entire
trip took no longer than ten minutes. But it seemed like a lot longer.

     Thanks to Maggie.

     As soon as I sat down on the seat, the extremely short skirt rode up my
legs, giving my young mistress a clear view of my upper thighs and even my
newly-shaved pussy. Maggie wasted no time in sliding one of her tanned hands
along my leg and up against my crotch. I tried to squirm away, but the pain
from the bruises on my rear end made that painful. So I just sat there and
drove as this young girl - my owner, for all I could refuse her - rubbed the
outside of my hairless pussy and then slipped one... then two fingers inside.

     I couldn't help but let out a moan. The rush of sexual pleasure from her
touch now outweighed the pain from my beaten ass, and I felt myself getting
moist.

     "Ohh, what's this?" Maggie laughed. "Is my little Pamscunt getting wet?" I
couldn't help but flush red as I supplied the expected, and truthful answer:
"Yes Miss Moore. Your little Pamscunt is getting wet." The humiliation of being
forced to speak like this in front of a younger girl - one of my students! -
only served to increase the pleasure, and my breath began to come in short
pants. I forced myself to concentrate on driving. "You are an excitable little
slave cunt," she laughed, pulling her hand away.

     It was all I could do not to whimper in disappointment as I drove the
remaining mile or so, pussy juice rapidly drying on the inside of my thighs. I
was desperate to drop a hand to my crotch to finish what she had started, but I
didn't dare.

     How had I gotten myself into this?

                                     *****

     Maggie's friend lived in quite a nice house, set back behind some trees at
the end of a dead end street. I started to pull into the driveway, but Maggie
made me park about half a block away. "You need the exercise," she laughed.

     By now, I was a little more used to walking in the ridiculously
high-heeled shoes, but I was still forced to take small, mincing steps to
maintain my balance. The walk took forever, and I was certain that I saw more
than one curtain swish closed when Maggie slipped her hand under the short
skirt and gave my bruised bum an affectionate squeeze. I stumbled and almost
fell, but she kept her hand in place as we reached the driveway. What a sight
we must have made: a woman in her mid- thirties being walked along by an
eighteen year-old girl. Of course, I reflected, I didn't really look that old
any more. The haircut Maggie had forced on me had seemed to take years off my
appearance. And with the clothing - my 'slutwear' Maggie called it - I must
have looked completely different than my usual self. I took heart in the
realization that even if I were to run into someone I knew, they would likely
never recognize me.

     "Miss Brown!" 

     My heart skipped a beat as the front door swung open and a teenage girl
looked out. It was Amy Peterson, a short, heavyish girl with long brown hair.
She was a student at Greenwood, although she hadn't been in any of my classes.
For some reason, she always looked familiar, but I was never able to put a
finger on the resemblance.

     But she recognized me easily enough.

     "Hi Amy." Maggie took her hand off my ass and started running it up and
down along the back of my head. "Are the others here."

     Amy, mouth open, nodded. She couldn't stop staring at me as Maggie guided
me into the house with one hand on the back of my neck. As I came up to the
startled teenager, the hand on my neck tightened, forcing me to stop in my
tracks. "Aren't you going to say hello?" she asked.

     I was puzzled for a second, but quickly picked up on what was expected of
me.

     Or so I thought. 

     "Hello Amy," I said miserably, hanging my head. 

     The grip on my neck tightened suddenly, and I felt warm, sweet breath on
my ear as Maggie leaned in. "Show respect," she hissed. "You'll address my
friends as 'Miss', and you'll curtsey when you meet them." Her tongue flicked
out and briefly traced the outside of my earlobe before retreating.

     I felt a warm rush surge through my pussy at that touch.

     And those words.

     Still... blushing what must have been a vivid shade of red, I faced Amy
and executed a deep curtsy. The short skirt rode up on my legs, giving the
teenage girl a clear view of my moist, shaven crotch.

     "Hello Miss Peterson," I mumbled, straightening my legs.

     Amy brought her hands up to her mouth and tried, unsuccessfully, to stifle
an embarrassed giggle. Then she looked over at Maggie: "What have you done to
her?" she asked, eyes wide. "She's so... so different."

     Maggie laughed. "Wait'll you see," she said. "Are the other girls here?"
Amy nodded. She backed away from the door and Maggie guided me in with a firm
hand on the back of my neck.

     Other girls? 

     Seconds later, we were in the living room, greeting two teenage girls. I
didn't know them, but Maggie assured me that they would be students at
Greenwood the next year. The first one's name was Brenda Pratt. She was a
short, slender girl with fiery red hair. The other girl, Sandra Tolson was a
beautiful blonde with long legs and brilliant blue eyes.

     I couldn't help myself. I felt my pussy going moist as I did my little
curtsy and greeted the two teenagers.

     The fantasy...

     "Position, slut," Maggie suddenly ordered. 

     Immediately, I assumed the position as I had been trained: standing
straight, legs slightly apart, hands at my side and chest stuck out. I stared
straight ahead, but couldn't help but listen as Maggie laughingly explained the
situation: how she had found out about my secret fantasies; how she had used
the information to get control of me; and, finally, how she had blackmailed me
with the pictures when I had - finally - rebelled.

     "You mean," Brenda asked, eyes wide as she examined Maggie's pictures,
"that this is a teacher! At Greenwood? And she likes this?"

     In answer, Maggie turned to me and ordered: "Lose the clothing Pamsy."
Blushing, I slipped the short skirt down to my ankles and stepped out while
unbuttoning the blouse. It seemed a little easier than in the classroom; a
little more like my fantasies. I reached down to remove the 'slut shoes', but
Maggie told me to leave them on and resume the position. So there I was, naked
except for a pair of bright red pumps, standing at attention in front of a
group of teenage girls.

     Maggie walked over and slowly, teasingly, ran a hand along the front of my
breasts, rubbing my exposed nipples. I tried, but couldn't prevent myself from
letting out a moan as she tweaked them. "Take a look," she said, gesturing at
my now rock-hard nipples as they stood out on my chest. The other three girls
moved in closer.

     Sandra commented on my bruised rear end.

     Next, Maggie dropped her hand and began massaging my pussy. There was no
use even pretending: I let out a loud moan and shoved my hips forward, hoping
to increase the pressure against my burning pussy. Laughing, my mistress pulled
her hand away for a second and then, ever so slowly, sunk first one, then
two... and then three fingers inside. I sighed and began to pant as she began
to run her fingers in and out... in and out... in and...

     "Well," Maggie asked, her fingers buried deep inside me, "Think that she
likes it?"

     One of the girls giggled uncomfortably, but Sandra, the beautiful blonde,
nodded and whispered: "Oh yes. She likes it." Our eyes met and I almost came
when she parted her lips extended her small, pink tongue.

     Maggie brought her face up next to mine, blocking my view of the other
girl. "Well what do *you* say, little cunt? Do you like it?"

     Swallowing slightly, I nodded. "Yes Miss Moore," I answered hoarsely. "I
like it." I loved it.

     "Do you like being my little cunt slave?"

     "Yes Miss Moore."

     She brought her other hand up and began fondling my breasts again,
tweaking and teasing the rock-hard nipples.

     "You're nothing but a cunt slut, are you?"

     "Yes Miss Moore. I'm just a little c-cunt slut."

     By now, I was panting and gasping. The feel of her fingers in my pussy and
the humiliation of being forced to talk like this in front of a group of
teenage girls was just too much. Too much like my fantasies; Too much...

     A sudden burst of pain shot through my body as Maggie viciously squeezed
and twisted one of my nipples. She withdrew her hand from my pussy, brought it
up and did the same to the other one. Twisting... kneading... I heard the other
girls gasp and one of them - Sandra I think - laugh as I stood with my hands at
my sides, not daring to move them, even to defend myself, while the teenaged
girl squeezed and pulled at my exposed nipples. As before, the warm haze of
eroticism was driven away by the torture, and all that was left was the
horrible, horrible pain. I didn't fight back or try to get away, though. I'd
been too well trained for that. All I could do was stand there, biting my lip,
with tears running down my face; trying not to cry out... waiting for my
mistress to stop the pain.

     A few seconds later, she let go and I stumbled backwards, barely keeping
my footing. "That's for trying to have an orgasm before us," she told me
angrily. "Little cunt slaves don't come until they're told. Is that clear?"

     I nodded through the blur of tears. "Yes Miss Moore," I mumbled.

     Maggie nodded in satisfaction. "Now apologize to the girls," she ordered.
"And, to make it up to them, offer to let them punish you like I just did."

     That brought a fresh wave of tears. Was this what my life would be like
from now on? Humiliation piled on humiliation... But I obeyed. I had no choice.

     First Amy, and then Brenda: "I'm sorry Miss. Please punish me." The two
girls declined, eyes wide.

     Sandra though... "I'm sorry Miss. Please punish me."

     The blonde smiled and I felt a thrill of fear run through my body.
"Alright," she purred. "Offer me your breasts." Trembling, I cupped my hands
underneath my two breasts and offered them up to the teenager. To my
humiliation, the nipples hardened as I did so. She brought her hands up and
slowly rubbed my nipples, causing me to moan.

     "You want to be punished?" she asked.

     No. "Yes Miss," I whispered.

     Please don't.

     But she did. The girl used her long fingernails to pinch down on the
outside of my nipples as hard as she could. I howled at the sudden pain, tears
again running down my face, but I didn't pull away. I just stood there, cupping
my breasts, as if willingly offering them up to be tortured.

     The pain seemed to go on forever, but finally she drew her hands away,
staring at my breasts, fascinated at the marks left by her fingernails. "There
there," she mocked. "All done." She ran her hands lightly over my breasts.
"That better?" I nodded, unable to speak. "Good girl," she cooed. "Now come
give Sandra a hug and a kiss... like a good little girl." Helpless to resist, I
put my arms around her and hugged her close. As I did so, she slipped one hand
into my long - no; it was short now - brown hair and steered my face up to
her's. I opened my mouth to say something, but she brought her lips against
mine and slipped her tongue inside my mouth. I melted. By the time the kiss was
over, I was panting and my pussy was moist again.

     "God," she sneered, feeling my sopping pussy, "you're quite the little
slut, aren't you?" I started to tremble in her arms. She was so beautiful;
so...

     A hand grabbed me by my short brown hair and jerked me backwards. It was
Maggie. "Well your kissing certainly seems to have improved a bit. How about
one for me?" She pulled my face in close to her's and once again we kissed.
This time I kissed back, working my tongue around in her mouth as she did in
mine. With my eyes closed, it might have been Sandra. Once again, the kiss left
me panting for more.

     Maggie was so pleased by my progress ("cunt face" she called me), that she
had to have me demonstrate my new 'technique' to all the other girls. By this
time, Amy and Brenda were also anxious to join in, so I had to go from teenaged
girl to teenaged girl, naked except for a pair of red pumps, engaging each of
them in a long, passionate kiss. By the end of it, my knees were trembling and
I half expected to feel the pussy juice trickling down my leg. I couldn't help
it.

     Their lips... their tongues...

     I broke away from Brenda to find Maggie sitting on a chair with her legs
spread and skirt up around her waist. "OK cunt face," she laughed, "time to put
that tongue of yours to good use." Amy and Brenda appeared shocked, but Sandra
just smiled and began to rub her own pussy through her jeans. By this time, I
was completely lost in an erotic haze of humiliation and pleasure, and was in
no condition to refuse my mistress anything. Slowly, I knelt before Maggie and,
leaning forward, I extended my tongue and took my first taste of pussy juice.

     Too slow for Maggie: she grabbed the back of my head and jammed my face
down into her crotch. I grunted and tried to pull away, but it was no use.
Obediently (not that I had a choice), I opened my mouth and began sucking on
her pussy. Within moments, my face was slick with her pussy juices, as she
moaned and ground her crotch up at me. It was all I could do to draw breath as
she began to buck and cry. Finally, she jammed her thighs tightly about my face
and came. I was held in place, unable to breath or pull away, as her pussy
juices gushed over my face. She held that position for what seemed like
minutes, and I thought I would faint from lack of air, but eventually she
relaxed her legs and I fell backwards, gasping and chocking for breath.

     The other girls all wanted their turns.

     Sandra was first. The blonde girl had been wearing a skirt, so she didn't
need to get undressed. She just leaned back in a chair, spread her legs and
rolled the skirt up to her waist.

     She hadn't been wearing panties.

     "C'mere little Pamsy," she called, as one would call an animal or a small
child. "C'mere." She patted her crotch.

     I started to get to my feet, but Maggie quickly pushed me down. "On all
fours," she ordered. "Like a good little cunt-lapper." I blushed, but did as
ordered, slowly crossing the room on my hands and knees, eager to lap at the
cunt of one of my mistresses. When I arrived, Sandra ruffled my hair and called
me a 'good girl'. Both my eyes and pussy grew moist with humiliation. 'No
choice,' I kept telling myself, thinking about the books... the pictures...
Maggie's knowledge... 'no choice.'

     With a firm hand, my teenage mistress guided my head in between her legs
and forced me to start licking. As with Maggie, she was already very wet down
there, and I was soon lapping and sucking back her pussy juice as quickly as I
could.

     As I was working, I felt a hand on my ass, caressing... patting... a
finger inserted into my pussy. I squealed and wriggled my ass, but the finger
stayed. "There's a girl." It was Maggie, of course. "Little Pamsy likes it,
doesn't she?" A second finger went in and wriggled about inside. It wasn't
difficult; my pussy was sopping. "Yes, I think she does. Mmmm?" A third finger
was inserted... then Maggie began sliding them in and out... in and out...
slowly building my feelings of lust as the girl whose pussy I was sucking began
to moan and buck above me. I felt a hand grab the back of my head and rudely
jam my face up hard against her pussy. I stopped licking and tried to pull
away, but it was no use. Sandra held firm, grinding her pussy up against my
face as she gasped her way through a violent orgasm. When she finally loosened
up and let go, I was gasping for breath. The fingers were gone from my pussy,
and I was left unfulfilled.

     I looked up at my mistress: "Maggie," I whined, "please?" She knew what I
meant. Smiling, she reached down and delivered a stern slap to my face. I fell
backwards, shocked, looking up at her as she towered over me.

     "You come when I say," she growled. "Not before. Is that understood you
little slut?" Terrified, I nodded. "Your pleasure is not our concern," she
went, continuing, I suppose, my education. "Your only purpose is to please us.
Understand?"

     Again I nodded, this time receiving another slap. 

     "Yes Miss Moore," I corrected myself, "My only purpose is to please you."
Maggie nodded and I heard Sandra laugh.

     Brenda was next. The redhead had overcome her shyness and was ready for me
to service her. She had slipped out of her pants and was waiting for me, a
little nervously I think, in a chair on the other side of the room. This time I
knew better than to try to get to my feet; I just shuffled over on my hands and
knees. The girl looked down at me expectantly. I sighed. "May I please lick
your pussy, Miss Pratt?" She giggled, slightly embarrassed, but nodded her
head. Obediently, I dropped my head down and began to service my young
mistress.

     This time, both Maggie and Sandra played with my bottom while I worked.
One of them had slipped three fingers into my pussy while another first spanked
me and then began to play with my... my rear end. I was just starting to get
fully aroused again when I felt something cold - like plastic? - being placed
against the entrance to my anal passage.

     "Maggie!" An outraged voice from the other side of the room; must have
been Amy. What was happening? A hand smeared a slimy, wet substance over my ass
and then into my asshole. I tried to raise my head, but it was quickly pushed
back down. No matter; I knew what was going to happen. Sure enough, I felt a
large object being pushed against the entrance to my asshole... pushed...
pushed and then inserted. I tried to relax - to give in to the inevitable - as
the object was slid further and further into me. Finally, I was completely
plugged. Maggie went back to playing with my dripping pussy while Sandra began
to deliver a vicious spanking. I moan and wiggled my plugged ass, trying to
avoid the pain, but I didn't dare raise my head again. The girl on the chair
was now moaning and whining, and I knew she would come soon. Then, maybe, it
would be over.

     The pain in my rear end increased as the burning from the spanking grew
hotter and hotter, finally merging with my arousal. Panting with lust, I waved
my ass at my tormentors, rocking it back in forth in a vain effort to end the
pain, to...

     "Pamela Brown!" 

     OMIGOD! That voice! 

     "And some of her students."

     Panicking, I jerked backwards onto my ass, bowling Maggie and Sandra over
as I turned to see... Jensie Peterson! Oh god, no... I looked wildly about the
room, desperate to escape. It couldn't be... my eyes lit on Amy, who stood in a
corner of the room, holding a camcorder and looking shocked - HOLDING A
CAMCORDER. Oh no... she was *that* Amy Peterson; no wonder she looked so
familiar at Greenwood...

     "It's been a long time, Pamela."

     No. This couldn't be happening. Not Jensie. Not Jensie Peterson. Crying, I
stumbled to my feet and ran towards the hallway. As turned the corner, the
object in my asshole slowly slid out and fell clattering to the floor behind
me. I turned the corner, looking for safety... the bathroom.

     I ducked inside, closed the door and locked it.

     Sobbing I slid to the floor and covered my face with my hands, quickly
getting them sticky with pussy juice and tears. This couldn't be happening...

     My father is Governor Brown. 

     *The* Governor Brown. 

     Andrew Peterson was his executive assistant. And good friend. Jensie and I
practically grew up together. Until my dad caught him taking kickbacks in
return for certain "favours". My father immediately went public with the
knowledge. He thought that if he came clean - and effectively pinned the blame
- the voters would reward him.

     And they did.

     He's still Governor.

     Andrew was convicted and sent to jail, where he died in a prison riot. His
wife - Jensie's mother - became an alcoholic and died in a car accident. I'd
since heard that Jensie had gotten married and had a child, but that there had
been some sort of scandal. They got divorced and the husband got the baby. I
didn't know why, but rumour had it she had been fooling around. Other than
that, though, I hadn't thought of either Amy or Jensie in years, and certainly
hadn't expected to see them again.

     Until today.

     Someone knocked on the door.

     "Pamela." 

     Oh god; it was Jensie. There had been no movement outside the door for at
least ten minutes, and I'd almost managed to convince myself that I was having
some horrible nightmare.

     "Pammy," she cried. "Open the door."

     I just crouched in a corner of the bathroom, trying to ignore her. This
couldn't be happening.

     "Pammy," she called, "I've had a nice chat with Maggie here... excuse me,
your mistress here..." I couldn't repress a shudder as Maggie's laugh sounded
from the other side of the door. "And she's had some very interesting things to
tell me. Very interesting." Fresh sobs racked my body; how much worse could
things get?

     "Nice pictures too." 

     No. 

     "I think your dad would be interested in seeing some of these pictures,"
she continued. "And I'm sure the press would be." She didn't have to paint a
picture; the daughter of Governor Brown caught in a lesbian affair with her
students. Pretty clear how that would end up. And my mother... it would kill
her.

     Still sniffling, I got up and walked to the door. My pumps - they were
still on somehow - clacked on the linoleum floor as I walked across the
bathroom, clicked open the lock and watched in despair as Jensie Peterson
walked into the room. She still looked pretty much as I'd remembered her:
short; a bit heavy, but not fat; large breasts; short black hair and a plain
face. A face which, unfortunately, sported a large, nasty grin. Maggie was
standing behind her as she entered the door swung open. She too was smiling. I
felt my knees begin to shake.

     "Pamela," Jensie said, smirking. "It's been a while. Hasn't it?"

     I nodded, wondering what was going to happen.

     Maggie frowned. "Answer properly," she ordered.

     Now I knew. "Yes Miss Peterson," I mumbled, looking downward. "It has been
a long time."

     Jensie laughed. "Come on Pammy," she ordered, backing away. "Back to the
living room."

     Helpless, I followed, no longer aroused; no longer feeling much of
anything. Everything had changed when Jensie walked into the room. The
activities with the girls... that had been humiliating and degrading, and
occasionally painful, but not so far from my own secret longings and fantasies
that I couldn't feel... enjoyment. But Jensie... she had a reason to hate me
and my family. And she knew, where the other girls didn't, just how to do that.
My father was still a Governor, and my mother...

     The other three teenagers were all standing around the living room when I
walked back in, still naked, still wearing those damned pumps. I looked at
Maggie, almost hoping for some sign of dominance, some sign that she was still
in control. But I looked in vain. She was enjoying herself, but the power in
the room had changed. It was subtle, but still real. Maggie, Sandra and the
others, they had been dominating, but they were still teenage girls. Jensie, on
the other hand, was an adult. What's more, she was a dominating bitch.

     There was no doubt who was in control.

     "Position," Jensie ordered.

     I obeyed. Somehow the act of assuming the position Maggie had taught me in
me classroom - had it really been this morning? It seemed like an eternity -
was infinitely more humiliating in front of Jensie. I obeyed, though, and
without hesitation. Jensie had the pictures and she had the video. I had no
doubt that that proof would destroy my father's career and simply destroy my
mother. So I obeyed.

     There was no choice.

     "There's been a few changes," Jensie announced. "Maggie has graciously
allowed my to 'purchase' her rights over you."

     "But..."

     "Quiet slut." 

     I shut up. 

     "The girls can," she continued, "visit when they like. But you are mine."
I swallowed, but didn't say anything. There was nothing I could do that
wouldn't make things worse. "From now on, you are to refer to them by their
first names, with the appropriate 'miss' of course. I am mistress Jensie. Do
you understand?"

     "Yes M-mistress Jensie." I felt my knees begin to tremble.

     "Good. You may now greet the girls. With a kiss." It was almost like a
ritual; me greeting my former 'owners' in my new status as Jensie's... what,
slave?

     Shaking, I walked over to Maggie. 

     "Hello Miss Maggie," I greeted. Smirking, she drew my face to hers and
brought our lips together.

     "Hello Miss Sandra." By the end of that kiss, I was panting again. God,
that girl...

     "Hello Miss Amy."

     And these were going to be my students in a week!

     "Hello Miss Brenda."

     Finally, it was over. I'd greeted and been 'recognized' by the girls. My
new status - Jensie's possession - had been sealed with a kiss, and I was once
again panting. I just couldn't help it. Sandra...

     "OK Pamsy," Jensie said, "Time to prepare you. You've had some fun with
the girls here, but, as I said, things have changed."

     I didn't understand. What did she mean? Still, whatever it was, there was
nothing *I* could do about it. Jensie walked out of the living room. Maggie and
Sandra each grabbed an arm - I shivered at their touch - and dragged me along
behind her...

     Jensie must have really hated my family. Maybe she blamed my father, and
hence me as well, for taking her family own away. Her father... her mother; and
then her husband.

     And her baby...

     "We both know that your mother would just die if she learned of your
new... place in life, don't we?"

     I nodded. 

     That was the threat.

     "Well then," she continued. "We'll just have to start you over again with
a new mother then, won't we?"

     No.  

     Amy and Brenda broke out giggling when I was let back into the room. Not
walking, but on all fours.

     Of course. 

     Babies don't walk. They crawl.

     I'd cried when they first took me into the room - *my* new room Jensie
told me.

     A nursery. 

     I had felt my power, my self, slipping away when Maggie had first taken
control, but that was nothing compared to what I felt now. This was no part of
my fantasies; never had been. There was no part of me that wanted what was
happening.

     But it didn't matter.

     Jensie had kept all the baby stuff when Ken had divorced her and gotten
full custody of their daughter.

     The shoes went first. Jensie joked that there was no way any daughter of
hers would be caught dead wearing such 'slut shoes'. Next, they took down side
of the large crib and forced me to lie down in it. When I say large, I mean
large for a baby; I had to hunch up, and my legs were spread and hung over the
sides. Burning with humiliation, I was forced to lie naked in a crib, legs
apart, hairless pussy spread wide. Maggie teased me for a bit, running her
hands up and down my exposed pussy, but Jensie quickly pushed her away.

     It wasn't until she pulled out the diapers that I began to cry in earnest.
This couldn't be happening...

     "M-mistress..." I sobbed.

     Jensie cut me off with a quick slap on one of my breasts. Just then, Amy
entered the room with her camcorder and... and something else. "Ahh," Jensie
smiled, taking the bottle from her younger sister. "Just in time." Amy backed
away, brought the camcorder to her face and filmed as Jensie - my new owner -
slid the nipple of the bottle through my quivering lips and ordered me to
drink. I had no choice. Still sniffling, I brought one hand up to steady the
bottle and began sucking. It contained some kind of thick, foul tasting liquid.
I didn't recognize it, but kept sucking.

     Within moments, she had me securely diapered. I wriggled in the crib,
uncomfortable in the unfamiliar wrapping, but didn't protest. The contents of
the bottle were just about finished, and Brenda handed me another bottle. Same
stuff. Obediently, I kept sucking...

     Next, Mistress Jensie took two small mittens and put them over my hands.
The mittens were much to small and the thumbs were sewn up, so the covering
essentially took from me the use of my fingers. I was forced to grip the bottle
with both hands to keep from dropping it.

     Finished, Mistress Jensie and the four girls stood back and watched,
giggling, as I wriggled about in the crib, sucking loudly at my bottle. They
laughed as the bottle slipped out of my mittened hands and I was forced to
wriggle about to pick it up and resume sucking. I was called a number of names,
but eventually the name 'Pam-Pam' stuck. That was my new name: little Pam-Pam.

     Amy filmed the whole thing.

     Finally, the second bottle was finished.

     Jensie walked over to the crib and looked down at me. One hand wandered
over my naked breasts and began toying with my nipples. I gasped as they began
to harden under her touch; I brought up a hand, but she just slapped it away.
"Bad girl," she chided. "Bad Pam-Pam." Mortified, I began crying again. There
seemed to be no end to my tears.

     Smiling, Mistress Jensie brought up her other hand and began rubbing the
outside of my diaper. Right over my pussy. Once again, my body betrayed me;
within minutes, I was moaning and writhing on the crib as the feeling in my
pussy grew and grew. Her hand moved faster... and faster...

     Then stopped.

     I opened my eyes and looked up at her triumphant face. "Pamela," she
whispered, bending down close to my face. "You don't know how I've waited for
something like this."

     She was talking to me like an adult. Maybe I could reason with her.
"Jensie..."

     "Shh." She her finger to my lips. "You're mine now." She applied pressure
to my lips. With a quiet moan, I parted my them and accepted her finger into my
mouth. Grinning, she straightened up as I submissively sucked at her finger.
She began teasing my nipples again while I sucked, and, within seconds, I was
panting with lust.

     But she didn't let me come.

     This went on for what seemed like hours. She'd bring me to the brink of
orgasm, but then stop. Soon, I was crying and moaning in the crib, my lips
quivering around her finger. After a while, she brought her face back down to
mine and, whispering in my ear, told me about my future.

     About my life as her baby.

     About how Maggie was going to be moving into my apartment.

     About how one of the girls would take me to school everyday to teach so
that I might earn money for them - all future paycheques would go to the girls
- and then take me home, where I would be Jensie's little Pam-Pam. How I would
dress and behave like a baby at all times; about how I would always get about
on all fours; about how I would only speak when spoken to, and then only in a
little girl's lisping voice.

     And then, while I writhed in frustrated lust, she gave me a set of
specific instructions. About what I would do in the next few minutes to show my
obedience, after which, if I was lucky, I would be allowed to come. Laughing,
she straightened up, slid the finger our from between my lips, and walked out
of my room, followed closely by the four girls.

     I laid on the crib and cried for a few more moments. I was so tempted to
bring my mittened hands down to my crotch, but I didn't dare. The consequences
were too severe.

     But I *had* to come. 

     And so, careful not to hurt myself, I dropped out of the crib onto the
floor. Moving as best I could on my hands and knees, I left the nursery, went
down the hall and entered the living room. Jensie was sitting on the couch and
the girls were seated in chairs about the room. They all laughed as I crawled
in.

     Obeying my mistress's whispered instructions, I crawled up to where she
was sitting. Her blouse was half un-buttoned. "Please Mistress Jensie," I
begged. "Please let me..."

     "That's not how a little girl speaks," she interrupted sternly. The girls
laughed again and I was acutely aware that Amy was once again filming.

     Oh, but I had to come.

     "Pwease Mistwiss Jennthie," I lisped in a high voice, trying to sound as
young as possible. "Pwease wet me thuck your bweasts." Jensie smiled as the
four girls burst out in peals of laughter. I felt myself turning beet red.
Jensie bent down and patted me on the head. "Good girl, Pam-Pam," she told me.
"That's how a little girl speaks. Of course you can. Up you come. Up to mommy."

     I crawled up on the couch and wriggled into her lap. She pulled open her
blouse and one of her large breasts spilled out. I grasped the nipple with my
lips and began sucking. Jensie made little cooing sounds and gently bounced me
on her lap as I suckled at her nipple. One hand reached down and began teasing
my breast.

     As I suckled, Jensie explained her plans to the girls. They were all most
enthusiastic, particularly when she told them that they would be sharing my
paycheque. One of them, Sandra, asked about whether they would be able to 'use'
me. Jensie laughed and told them that they were welcome to come over and 'play
with little Pam-Pam' whenever they liked.

     After a while, I began to feel an uncomfortable build-up in my bowels. I
gurgled, and tried to catch Jensie's eye, but she was busy talking to the
girls. I was too frightened to take my lips away from her nipple, so I just
kept sucking and sucking as the pressure grew and grew.

     Finally, said 'enough' and pushed me from her lap. I landed on the ground
and immediately rolled onto my back. I still hadn't come, and the burning in my
pussy had spread to my entire body. My nipples felt like they were going to
explode. Still, I had another concern. One that wouldn't wait.

     "Pwese Mistwiss Jenthie," I whined. "Pwese wet Pam-pam go to bathwoom."

     Jensie smiled down at me. "Oh my," she said. "Is that laxative finally
taking effect?" I started to cry again. The stuff in the bottle. She had done
this on purpose.

     Jensie slid off the couch and knelt next to my prone body. One hand snaked
between my legs while the other resumed playing with my breasts. "No need to go
to the bathroom," she told me. "That's why little girls wear diapers."

     I shook my head. 

     No. I wouldn't let this happen. 

     But...

     But she just nodded her head and kept playing with me. The burning
sensation in my loins grew and enveloped my entire body as my stomach spasmed
with cramps at my efforts to keep my bowels restrained. "Come on little
Pam-Pam," she whispered. "You can do it. Just relax."

     I tried... oh I tried not to, but it was no use...

     "Nooooo...." I let out a long cry of despair as I felt my cramped bowels
finally give way and the first load of warm, wet... shit spilt out into my
diapers, spreading quickly over my bottom and upper back. And, at that moment,
that awful moment of release, I came: a massive, glorious, gut-wrenching orgasm
that had my legs spasming and kicking the floor while my back arched up in
uncontrollable lust.

     Jensie laughed. "Is Pam-Pam coming?" she taunted.

     I didn't care; it was too much. "Pam-Pam's coming," I cried in my little
girl's voice, "Pam-Pam's coming!"

     It went on forever...

     And, when it finally did end, I *knew* it was over: my power; my life... I
was Jensie's little Pam-Pam now. For as long as she wanted me. Sure, I would be
sent out every weekday to live out a semblance of my former life as a teacher;
as an adult. But I knew that it would be a sham. I *knew*. As I lay there, my
naked, sweating body still trembling with aftershocks of that tremendous
orgasm, my crotch and bum soaked in my own rapidly cooling waste - which would
remain there until my Mistress chose to change me - I knew what I was: little
Pam-Pam; Jensie's little slut baby.

     I began to cry as the girls, laughing, crowded around for a turn at
playing with me...

                                    THE END

       =================================================================

        As usual, I am interested to hear what you think of this or any
        other story I have posted. Feel free to write with your comments
                                and suggestions.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





