BDSM Library - My Descent




My Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A poor innocent guy meets a dominant woman on a train, and is soon pushed into humiliating servitude.
My Descent

by Slaveboy

I'd been seeing her on the train for a few weeks before I did it.  I always
caught the same train from the Flinders street station in the evenings, and I
always saw her on that train.  I'm not really sure why I was so fascinated with
her.  She was beautiful, sure, with long brown hair, prominent cheekbones, and
an hourglass figure.  Her figure was even more enhanced by her legs, which, even
through the jeans she wore, showed that she was fit and strong.  She was about
my age, it seemed, in her mid-20's

Every evening, she managed to catch my eye, and every day she had the same look
in her dark eyes.  It was a come-hither look, but a different one to the ones
that I'd seen before.  She didn't seem to be saying "Decide if you want me, then
come on over" - rather, she was saying "Come here, and I'll decide if I want
you."

At the time, I didn't understand what that meant.  I thought that, maybe, she
had enough men chasing her that she could pick and choose between them.  Or
maybe that she was very confident in herself.  I was right in a way, but I
really had no idea what the state of affairs was.

Anyway, one day I finally screwed up my courage and did it.  I stayed on the
train past my usual stop, and waited until I saw her get off, and I followed her
out.  I know I should have just talked to her on the train, but I've always been
rather shy.

Not many other people got off the train, and she was the only one who walked
through the tunnel that ran under the tracks.  I walked quickly as I went
through after her - I just wanted to talk to her, not to make her think I was a
stalker.

As I came out of the tunnel, I saw her leaning in an alcove.  She had her arms
crossed under her pert breasts, and she was tapping one foot impatiently.  She
looked at me again, and I couldn't shake the feeling that she was somehow on a
plane above me.

"Well?"

That question, the first time I'd heard her speak, made me freeze.  My reply was
simply  a strangled sound, followed a garbled sentence: "I, ermm, that is, I
thought that  you, and me, and  . . . I  . . . "

"I'll make it simple for you," she replied, with a firm whiplash tone in her
voice that I hadn't heard from a woman before. "You're interested in being with
me.  Follow me to my house.  Even you can do that, right"

And with that, she turned and walked away.  I couldn't move for a moment - I was
mesmerised by her voice, and could do nothing but stare at the way her perfect
buttocks moved as she walked.

Then she looked back over her shoulder and called back "You only have one chance
at this, kiddo, so get moving."

And, hearing that, I started to follow her back to her house.

A few minutes later, we were walking up the path of a nice, compact, house.  She
opened the door and ushered me in, directing me to sit on the couch.  After I
was seated, she stood in front of me smirking and said "I really don't think
you're after a girlfriend.  I think you're after a mistress.  I've got a pretty
good eye, you know.  And I don't think you belong on that couch - you belong on
the floor."

I was stunned by this - I'd fantasised about being a submissive, but I hadn't
ever done anything like that.  I didn't move - I just sat there, unable to think
or react.

"Well?" She said.

I still couldn't think of what to say - I wanted to say that I wanted to be with
her, and would do what she wanted to make her happy, but I couldn't think of
anything to say.

"C'mon, kid." she said, "on the floor or out the door." and having said that,
she cocked her hips and inhaled deeply.

Before I could think, I'd pushed myself off the couch, and was sitting on the
floor in front of her.  I watched her closely as she walked around me and sat on
the couch herself.

"So, you're willing, but you don't really have a clue, do you?" was her next
comment.  "You're supposed to be kneeling, not sitting.  And while you're at it,
pull those clothes off."

My jaw almost hit the floor - I couldn't really be expected to embarrass myself
like that, could I?  But before I could voice and objection, she pulled one of
her shoes off, peeled the sock off that foot, and pointed her toes at me.

"Now.  Or I'll have to teach you why you're only a slave."

But the words didn't matter - almost as soon as I saw her foot, I was pulling my
shirt and my shoes off.  My socks and my trousers followed, but I hesitated when
I got to my undershorts.

The next thing I knew, that delightful looking foot had slammed into my groin. 
Sickened, I doubled over, trying to breathe properly.  My eyes were watering,
but I could still look up see her standing over me.

"Now then, kiddo, you'd better understand a few things.  Firstly, as a slave you
belong to me.  You have no right to be ashamed of exposing yourself to me or to
anyone else - those aren't your genitals, they're mine.  Secondly, if you don't
obey me, I'll cut you loose - and you'll never touch these again."

And, saying that, she moved her feet up to my mouth.  I thought I knew what was
expected of me, and I opened my mouth, and moved it towards her toes.  Then she
pulled the foot back, and delivered a forceful kick to my stomach.  I couldn't
believe how strong this woman was.

"Your next lesson is that you need my permission to touch my body or with any of
my property.  And, since my property includes your buns, and that little thing
in your pants that you men like so much, the same applies to them. Now, pull off
your shorts and let's see my property."

I pulled my shorts down, almost crying at how easily this woman seemed to be
able to control me - and I didn't even know her name!  Once they were off, I
struggled up into a kneeling position, completely humiliated because, even
though I'd been kicked in the groin, I was sporting a full-sized erection.

"Not bad," she said, "though your knees should be wider.  Quickly! That's better
- you're really very well-behaved, you know.  And I think you deserve a little
reward, so get onto all fours, and service my feet.  Make it good, tiger - or
your little thing is going to be very frustrated for a long time."

Motivated like that, I got onto my hands and knees, and stared to lick and kiss
her feet.  I sucked her toes, delicately caressed every inch of her ankles with
my tongue, and kissed the tops of her feet all over.  After a while, she got up,
stretched, and started to saunter off, calling "Come on, champ, I've got another
little job for you!"

Almost instinctively, I followed her on my hands and knees - I wasn't quite sure
if I was allowed to stand up, and she didn't seem to want to give me any more
orders.  Shortly afterwards, I found myself in the bathroom.

"Alright, " she said, "you'd better clean this place thoroughly - it's a fair
size, but you've got exactly forty minutes to make it look perfect.  I'll be
back then." 

I immediately grabbed the cleaning materials from the shelf and set to work. I
had no way of telling the time, so I worked as quickly as possible, cleaning the
shower, the huge bath, the basin and the toilet.  Just after I'd finished these,
I heard footsteps at the door.  I immediately span around to face the door and
kneeled, wincing as my kneecaps hit the tiles.

She appeared at the door with a girl in tow - a girl who looked much like her,
but who was probably still in her teens.  I stared in horror, and the girl
looked at me, giggling as she began to speak.

"This is my kid sister.  She's always been amazed by my ability to find slaves
and, now that she's fifteen, I thought she might like to play with one.  Stand
up, and hold still while she inspects you."

I stood up, quivering with shock and outrage - this game had gone far enough!  I
sprinted past them, and bolted to the livingroom where I started to gather up my
clothes.  Then, just as I was starting to dress, she was standing in front of me
with a look of fury in her eyes.  The tone of her voice paralyzed me as she
started to speak - she wasn't shouting, she was just speaking, but the  force in
her voice was unbelievable

"You little TOAD.  You aren't even a sissy - I've seen sissy-slaves do more than
show themselves to a teenager! You're too weak to even be a wimp!  This it your
last chance, coward - you can accept your position and then you can go back in
there and let my sister have her fun, or you can walk out right now and know
that you'll never have another chance to serve me!"

After that speech, she turned her back on me, showing me once again her perfect
buttocks.  Broken, I fell to my knees.  I started to stammer out some sort of
apology, but she cut me off.

"Don't say a word, slave, but remember that I'm your mistress now and for as
long as I want you.  I can dominate you physically and I can dominate you
mentally.  You are mine, whether you accept it or not.  Now, walk before me back
to the bathroom.  Now, move it!"

Gasping for breath and trying not to sob, I walked back to the bathroom, where
my mistress explained to the confused looking teenager that I was sorry, and I
would co-operate.

The girl giggled, told me she didn't mind, and then ordered me to stand in the
bathroom again.  Then she walked around me, inspecting me closely.  She ran her
hand down my back, and patted my butt.  The erection, which had gone in all the
confusion, returned with full force and when she worked her way back around to
my front, she giggled and looked at her sister.

"Hey, can I watch the slave play with himself?" 

I started at the words, and could hardly believe it when I heard my mistress
reply "Sure.  Slave, pull your thing off - she's doing you a big favour."

Almost in a trance, I took hold, and started to masturbate.  I couldn't quite
believe this - I'd never been this embarrassed before, and I couldn't believe
that I was going through with it.  I felt like curling up into a ball and
crying, but I couldn't stop myself doing it.  After a couple of minutes, my hips
started to buck and I came, splattering my fluids against the wall.  Then, as I
stood, there, the girl pouted and said "That wasn't much of a show, Claire. 
I've got homework to do, so I'm going, but he'd better be more fun next time. 
Maybe we should tie him down and help him out."  And with that, she walked out.

I was stunned - on the one hand, I got a thrill from finally hearing my
mistress's name.  On the other, to have a teenager call my supreme humiliation
'boring' was, if anything, the most embarrassing thing that had happened to me
yet.

But 'yet' was the right word, because I heard another command a moment later

"You messed up the bathroom, boyo, so clean it up."  And, as I moved towards the
sponge, I heard her say "with your tongue.  It's nutritious, and if you eat it
it might help you perform again later."

I didn't want to do it, and was revolted by the thought of it, but I somehow
find myself on my knees, licking my own semen off the wall and floor.  I was on
the verge of tears, and found her next comment no comfort:

"If you're embarrassed by all this, you're gonna hate it when my housemates get
back. In fact, you should be able to hear the key in the lock - that's them
now!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slaveboy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





