BDSM Library - Parker 14: Payment in Full




Parker 14: Payment in Full
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman satisfies a debt in an unusual way.

                              PARKER14.TXT -- 1/1

                                PAYMENT IN FULL
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This story contains a certain amount of sexual
            activity in which the issue of consent is somewhat blurred.
            If you're offended by this sort of material, stop reading.

        Copyright 1994 by me (Parker). Feel free to distribute the story
              as you wish (unaltered, or course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     "And don't forget," Monica said as I left her office with a stack of
documents, "I need that $100 back by Monday."

     "I haven't forgotten," I told her, closing the door behind me. Oh god...
where was I going to get the money? Not that I was worried about it. Well, not
really. Monica was a little bit intimidating, a tall, heavy black woman. She
was one of the senior secretaries at the law firm. Even had her own office.

     And she was a lesbian.

     That frightened me a bit. Not regarding the money I owed her or anything,
but... well, I'd never had any inclinations in that direction, but you couldn't
help but wonder sometimes...

     I guess she just made me uncomfortable.

     The office floor was quiet, as you'd expect on a Friday evening. Just the
cleaning man and a couple of secretaries unlucky enough to be working for
Heather Thompson. Not that she was mean or anything. A little snotty, maybe,
but not mean. At least no meaner than any other boss. She was a bit strange,
though. In the months I'd worked for her, I'd often caught her staring at me;
when she thought I wasn't looking.

     I was her secretary.

     She had a trial set to start on Monday, and there was plenty of work to be
done. Her, Monica and I would be at the office all weekend. Monica had bitched
about it - something about previous plans, and how Heather had ruined some
plans last month - but Heather had insisted. I don't think they got along very
well.

     Heather glanced up at me as I entered the office with the documents. She
looked tired and frustrated. Things weren't going well with the trial prep, I
guess.

     "Just put those down over there." She gestured to a clear spot on her
desk. I did so. She really *did* look tired. It had been a hard week.

     "Want some coffee?" I asked.

     She looked at me for a moment. I was struck by the intensity of her gaze
as her blue eyes captured my face. Then she looked away and shook herself.
"Sure," she answered, getting up. "You have some too."

     She had a coffee machine in her office - all the lawyers did. We stood
side by side, pouring coffee and milk... I turned to my right to get the sugar
just as she turned left. Suddenly, we were standing, face to face, inches from
each other. Her eyes caught mine and...

     I don't know why. Maybe it's because I had been thinking about Monica and
her... her orientation. Maybe it was the smell of Heather's perfume... her
wide, blue eyes gazing at me... looking, what, frightened? Hell... maybe just
because it was the end of the week and I was tired; and I hadn't seen my
boyfriend since last Saturday.

     Whatever the reason, I slowly leaned forward and brought my mouth to hers.
She let out a little sigh and parted her lips. Our faces met. I slipped my
tongue out and into her mouth... playing... teasing... When we finally parted,
she just stood there: eyes closed, lips parted... breathing heavily. And I
thought: 'she's really turned on; she *likes* this!' For me, the kiss had been
interesting - not unpleasant, but not particularly arousing. As I said, I'm not
gay.

     But Heather...

     I had to do it. 

     I had to see how far this would go.

     "Take off your clothes," I whispered. She opened her eyes, suddenly
frightened, but I soothed her by running a hand through her thick, shoulder
length blonde hair and then down along her neck. Trembling in my hands, she
slipped out of her shoes. I watched in disbelief as she undid her blouse, slid
her skirt down to her ankles and stepped free of it. Her stockings quickly
joined the skirt on the floor. She moaned softly as I ran my hands down to her
chest and unclipped her bra. Her breasts, small but firm, popped free as I
pulled the garment away. Her nipples were rock hard. Finally, she was standing
there in nothing but her panties.

     I stared at her as she stood trembling, eyes downcast.

     "Do you want me to... touch you?" I asked. She looked startled for a
moment, like a deer caught in headlights, but quickly nodded her head, not
meeting my eyes.

     It felt almost like a dream as I took her hand and led her to a chair. I
sat and pulled her down over my knees where she knelt, panting while I ran my
hands up and down her body. I put my hand under her panties and slipped a
finger into her pussy; it was dripping. She was really into this. I played with
it a bit, teasing her clit as she moaned and squirmed on my lap. "Please," she
whispered, leaning further forward across my lap. "Oh please..."

     How far could I go?

     On impulse, I took my fingers away from her pussy and slipped one of them
into her anus. She stiffened on my lap, but didn't pull away. I added a second
and then a third. Her moans got louder as I began sliding them in and out... in
and out... I reached my other hand around and - I don't know why I did this; it
just seemed to be called for - delivered a hard slap to her rear end. She cried
out and started wriggling again.

     "Quiet," I hissed, delivering another blow. She stopped moaning, but was
unable to prevent her rear end from writhing as I continued to spank it. I felt
her tears dripping onto my leg, but there was no denying her excitement. It
just built and built until finally, she experienced what looked like a
devastating orgasm right there on my lap. Her legs kicked back and flailed
wildly; she whined and moaned as my fingers ran in and out of her now-stretched
anal passage in a blur.

     Eventually, she calmed down.

     I pushed her off my lap and she fell onto her knees. I looked down at her
as she knelt there: blonde hair askew; tears running down her face as she
stared up at me with those wide, blue eyes.

     Waiting.

     For what?

     I wished that there was something she could do for me. Sexually, I mean.
Despite the activities of the last few minutes, I felt nothing.

     If only...

     Of course.

     I got up and walked over to the pile of her clothing.

     "Stand," I ordered. She stood, still watching silently. 

     I picked up her stockings and blouse. Walking around behind her, I slipped
the blouse over her face and tied it in a blindfold over her eyes. She gasped
and reached up to remove it, but I just pulled her hand down. "Don't," I
whispered, reaching around from behind and teasing her nipples. She sighed and
melted back into me as I slid my hand down her front and to her pussy.

     It was wet again. I played with it for a moment before pulling her panties
up tightly around her waist.

     I saw tears flow out from under the blindfold as I gently pulled her hands
behind her and bound them with her stockings. When I stepped away, she just
stood in position, blind and helpless. Still crying, but her nipples were rock
hard. Now I just needed one more thing... The bra. I picked it up, draped it
around her neck and tied it off.

     A perfect leash. 

     Grabbing hold of the long end, I tugged gently on the bra. She moaned in
fear, but followed as I pulled her to the door and out into the hallway.

     "Don't," she whispered.

     But I did.

     We must have presented a strange sight: a lawyer - naked except for her
soaked panties - being pulled along by her secretary, but there was no one
there to see it. Except the cleaning man. I winked at him as we went by. He
stared, but didn't say anything.

     I pushed Monica's door open without knocking. She looked up, obviously
ready to complain about the intrusion, but fell silent when she saw Heather. I
pulled my captive in with the bra leash and presented her to Monica, taking a
small bow.

     My compliments.

     By now, Heather was more than a little frightened. Her head twisted back
and forth as she struggled to see from behind the blindfold. While Monica
watched, I walked up to the lawyer and, placing a hand behind her head, drew
her forward for a long, passionate kiss. By the time we broke apart, she was
panting, her quick, shallow breaths causing her breasts to jiggle in front of
her. Monica got the idea. She had joined me in front of the blindfolded Heather
and was playing with the woman's breasts. Heather's breathing grew heavier.

     I pulled away and walked to the door as Monica smiled and nodded at me. By
the time I got to the door, the large black woman had moved around behind
Heather and was running her hand up and down the woman's bottom.

     I couldn't resist: "She likes it up the ass," I said as I pulled open the
door.

     Heather gasped. 

     "Nooooo."

     Yes. As I watched, Monica slipped a long, black finger up the woman's rear
end while another hand snaked out around the front to keep the wriggling woman
from pulling away. I heard sobbing as I closed the door, but I knew it wouldn't
last long. And if it did... well, they had the whole weekend to work out the
details of their new relationship.

     And me? Well, I would rest easier knowing that my debt to Monica had been
paid in full.

                                    THE END

       =================================================================
     - As usual, I am interested in anything you might have to say regarding
this story or any other story I have written. Feel free to write.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





