BDSM Library - Mummy's Little Pet




Mummy's Little Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He was no longer mummy's little pet. He was determined to get her. Story was written in both the son's and the mother's view.
Another story by PAGAN.

                          Mummy`s Little Pet.

Oh shit, he thought,he hoped his parents had`nt heard the bed springs as he
played with his erect cock,he stroked it up and down admiring how big it was,8
inchs and fat,not bad for a boy of his age,he was thinking of his beautiful
mother her sexy body and big tit`s were never far from his mind and as he moved
to the edge trying to leasten the noise he drifted back to his fantasy.

  His mother was home alone,he saw her out getting down clothes from the line
she was dressed as always in a short dress, no, I think a skirt and revealing
top,she always dressed in a sexy way she didn`t care,she was perfect if a little
short but oh those legs and bottom,he stroked a little faster as he saw her
blond hair over her shoulders tight waist and pert bottom only just covered by
the short skirt that showed off her strong thighs as she reached up for the
pegs.

The two black tramps slid un-noticed into the house and started searching,he
imaged them seeing her through the kitchen window and thinking the same as he
allways did,sexy bitch,she turns and heads back to the house her large breasts
pressing the clothes into the basket,she arrives at the back door and opens it
unaware of the man behind it.

Clothes tumble out of the basket as it falls the other man comes out from hiding
holding the large kitchen knife,"Shhh little lady,don`t make me puncture that
fine body of yours,"Jack`s hand slowly moved up and down as he thought, this
wank could go a long way.Both men took an arm each and marched her to the
kitchen table,"Sit down and don`t make a sound,while you join us in a bottle of
this home made brew you have here",both men watched as she held the bottle to
her trembling lips and started to suck the liquid out,one put his hand under the
bottle and held it firmly in her mouth the other smiled as he took a swig from
another,"Looks cute with the neck of that bottle in between them pretty lips
don`t she,"the other smiled as he held the bottle firmly,"Sure do,we had us some
drink we can have some food later but why don`t we take this importunate to try
us some of this fine white ladies hospitality,I,m sure she would`nt mind after
she finishes this bottle and look, I have another and she is going to finish
both of them".

The two men laughed as they forced a second bottle in her mouth holding it the
same and making sure it was being drunk quickly,as she did they pulled the
bottle away and let her head roll back over the chair back,the man behind holds
her jaw looking at the glazed eyes,Jack had seen that look many times when his
dad was away and mother fancied a drink,he knew drink made her hot and horny,it
didn`t take a bottle to have her going upstairs for her vibrator`s,he knew when
his father was randy and wanted a fun fuck he would always fix her a few drinks
and get her going,lucky bastard.

Jack spat on his hand and rubbed it over the head of his cock and went back to
his fantasy.As the man held her jaw the other undid the buttons on her blouse
not that there were many as she always showed a great deal of cleavage,her hands
came up to stop him but the one holding her jaw covered her mouth and then her
nose forcing her hands up to save herself,that left the other to follow down the
short skirt undoing those front buttons as well,as the two men lifted her the
skirt feel off and they pulled the blouse off her shoulder on to the floor
leaving her in heeled black shoes, stocking,suspenders,tight pants and a cut
away bra a beautiful sight as they helped the drunken woman up the stairs for
some fun.

Jack could fell the hardness of his cock,oh how he wished he could have her like
that,the two men picked the first bedroom they found,it was Jacks and they let
her fall on to his bed,he had seen his mother naked before he had watched her
have a few drinks then in the bath playing with her self or looked through the
keyhole in their bedroom when dad was away,now his fantasy men were going to
fuck her, his mind took back the picture."She a fine piece of white ass hope she
can take a big piece of black meat,"as he pawed her legs,"Only one way to find
out",the other said as her ripped her pants off and pulled the other half of her
tit`s out of her bra,"Lets get her legs open and suck that cunt before we fuck
the bitch".

It was as if Jack was above his own bed staring down at his mother her legs
being pushed apart and a black head buried between them,the licking he could
hear was proof his mother`s cunt was wet and she could`nt put up a fight with
the amount of drink and was now easy pray as the men worked on her cunt and
nipples,the more she groaned and begged them to stop the faster they licked and
sucked until Jack imagined her lovely legs pushing her hips up so as the black
tramp could slide his hands under her and pull her cunt into his slurping mouth
the other stops licking her tit`s"Your a hot ass little bitch arn`t you,your old
man not doing you enough how about my cock in your mouth,"she looked and groaned
as her cunt heated her she was forced to lick his black monster cock.The other
slid up and knelt rubbing his cock on her slit, it is really wet the black cock
end was dripping as she groans,her discomfort was a joy for them,"Want him to
stick it in,"her louder cries and pleading eyes now had them laughing,"He can`t
seem to find it put your hands down and show him it",they watch as her hands
slide down to her lovely blond bush,her hands are grabbed and forced onto her
clit making her rub herself until they can let them go, she continue`s to wank
her dripping nub while he tickle`s her opening with his cock.

As Jack imagined the first one filling her mouth with thick streams of cum and
the second ramming her cunt full of thick black cock he couldn`t hold any longer
and he grabbed his handkerchief and blew himself in to it,laying back he held
his throbbing cock as it emptied it self,  he pulled himself off the bed,
staggered to the bathroom, had a piss and washed his hankie, quietly he went
back to his room and laid the wet hankie over the radiator,got back in bed and
stroking his cock he smiled as he drifted to sleep.

Jack Hawks,son of Katrin and Alfred,had a nice house, Father was a manager for a
farming firm not a big man but good at his job and married to a very beautiful
woman.Katrin a polish immigrant needed to marry and took Alfred very quickly
just after her arrival from Poland,she is one of a large family in more ways
than one that's were Jack gets his large physique from, he had growen in to a
big boy no longer,Mummy`s little pet,his father was very proud of
him,football,running, weight lifting he was a giant in his collage but father
never noticed the giant bulge in his sons trousers when his wife was sexily
dressed.

It was only going to take one thing to force Jack from dream to reality and it
came one Saturday night.Jack had been in bed a few minutes,he hadn`t had time to
get a hard on when he heard his parents come home,boy were they drunk,they were
soon falling their way up-stairs and in to their bedroom,Jack got up and peered
out of his door,they had`nt shut their`s and Jack could see everything.

He felt a great surge of jealousy as he watched his father ripping at the
buttons of her blouse and sticking his head between her tit`s then down to pull
her skirt off,she undid his shirt then knelt infront of him unzipping him and
letting his trousers fall putting hand inside his pants she pulled his cock
out,Jack was shocked to see a five inch thin dick being sucked in to her
mouth.There was no foreplay,no enjoyment in what they were doing,he lifted her
on to the bed and with his trousers still round his ankles he pulled her pants
to one side and stuck it in her,she held him close as his head strained upward
forcing himself hard in to her and they rutted like school kids having a quickie
behind the bike shed,soon it was over,and Jack closed his door.

Jack`s cock was hard and needed relief, he lay on the bed thinking about what he
had just witnessed,god what a waste,there was a beautiful hot woman and all she
got was a five minute wham bam thank you mam,didn`t that dick head of a father
know that she still wanted it,was gagging for it.She wanted to be fucked all
night and there was him getting ready to kiss her good night, turn over and go
to sleep,oh she needed slow stimulation she needed at least an orgasm in
foreplay as fingers tickled her cunt and lips sucked her nipples before drilling
her with something big,hard and worthy of her,she needed to be taken for hours
of hot fucking lust,she needed JACK and she was going to get him,this time his
cock was stroked to the opening of a plan,a plan that would deliver the greatest
goal in Jack`s young life,his cock buried in every hole his mother had, time and
time again.

His plan had to be in place by Wednesday,that night Mother would be late from a
farm ladies meeting that she had to go to because Father was away over
night,would he be able to sleep.Secretly he bought the ingredients for her
favourite meal and found some of the home brew bottles that had been fermenting
the longest and diluted another bottle for himself,got everything just right as
the evening arrived,it was 7.15 when she came home.

"MMMMM  something smells nice",he heard as he worked in the kitchen,he told her
to get into her relaxing clothes and make herself comfy infront of the tele and
within 10 minutes he was placing a tray on her half covered thighs,next a large
glass of the strongest brew, he had the weaker,he sat beside her as she tucked
in telling him how grateful she was for his kindness.

After the meal, he had brought her a second glass half way through, he took the
dish`s out saying he would clean up later as he brought the third glass
in,joking it wasn`t very strong,she looked very sexy,her feet up on a stool,her
legs stretched out,her short pleated skirt not covering much and the swell of
her breasts on view.His mind was thinking how to make the move when suddenly her
toes moved and she moaned"Oh my feet ache,"he moved very quickly,knelt down and
rubbed her feet,she sighed as he told her to enjoy her drink he would give her a
massage.

He worked on her feet sliding his fingers between her toes and round her ankles
then sliding up the back of her shapely calfs moving her legs and as she laid in
her relaxed state still drinking he could see up the skirt to the pink pants
that covered what he wanted,he let his hand slide further up the inside of her
leg,he watched her face to see any reaction,there was none so he moved to her
knee,up and down her leg then the other oiling her with caressing movements,he
slid higher he was on her firm muscley thighs,he felt the firm muscle under the
soft silky skin she moaned and moved her hips to his touch,he felt his cock
stiffen in his trousers, slowly he oiled her higher getting his hand between her
thighs and sliding up under the hem of her skirt,he moved so he was bent at her
side his arm crocked aiming for its prize as his face lowered towards the creamy
top of her breast`s,he gazed at the two heaving mounds just under his face,he
could see the top of her arousel`s his finger stroked the line of her pants,as
he moved to touch her slit she suddenly sat up pushing him off,got up and ran
upstairs.

Jack sat on the floor as the word SHIT came out of his mouth,he wanted her even
more now he had come so close and he was going to have her any way he could
whether she wanted it or not.

When Jack woke his mother was no-where to be seen,gathering his things he got on
with his day,he got home early by skipping the last lesson,he knew his father
wouldn`t be back till eight so he may have some time to talk to her,she wasn`t
home.As he changed he felt the urge to go to their room,opening the door he cast
his eyes everywhere,there was the pants from the night before in the
basket,picking them up he put them to his nose and faint smell was left and he
could taste something as he ran his tongue over the crouch,he carried on looking
until he came to a draw that was locked,he had to find the key.

After ten furious minutes of searching Jack found it and opened the draw,first
he found the sexist underwear he had ever seen,why had he never seen this before
then there was the vibrator`s all sorts of sizes from balls to doubles,ones that
buzzed and moved then a box in that were papers,documents and government
letters.They were addressed to Katrin Gloglansequ but when she married she was
Katrin Gladstone,she was an illegal immigrant she should have been deported she
was a fugitive,an alien,that's why she married fast and kept herself to
herself,didn`t have a cheque book or cards and she did`nt want anyone to know,he
found her birth certificate her birthday was four years younger than she made
out,god what would father do if he found out he had banged up a underaged alien,
a smile grew across Jack`s face as he took them out and went to his room.

His parents arrived back together and they all sat down to dinner,she was
uncomfortable but Father didn`t notice, it was the remark that Father made that
sent Jack to bed early,"Thanks for doing that for me Katrin you will have to do
it again next week as this is a big job".

He laid in his bed,next Wednesday she was going to get it,now what did he need,
plenty of drink,he wanted to record the moment and he knew a lad who had a video
camera and to get her sexed up he would need a porno video.For that week he
wanked himself stupid at the thought of what he was going to do,it was even
better now he had knocked on the door to her cunt.

Wednesday came,Jack came home, first he put the strong drink in front of the
ready to drink stuff,he knew she would have a drink if father wasn`t home then
he got the porno tape and put it in his bag beside the drink balanced careful to
make sure that when she picked up a bottle the tape would fall out,then he
crushed up some tablets to help sleep, he had got these from the chemists and
sprinkled several on the bread he knew she would use,then he went to his room
and waited

He heard her come in and shout his name,he stayed quite,she went about getting
her food ready then his heart jumped as he heard the tape hit the kitchen
floor,he crawled to the top of the stairs and he heard sounds of moaning,she was
watching it,he went to his room and wanked his throbbing cock to get rid of a
load.It must have been about two hours after she had come home that she came
upstairs,Jack peeked out from his door as she swayed in to her room,bottle in
hand.

Taking the tripod and video Jack slipped out of his room and went to her
door,this was the tricky bit, he had oiled the door and he opened it just a
crack to get a view of the bed,there she was,naked,her firm tit`s pointing
upwards playing with  herself, a vibrator lying beside her and she was rubbing
her cunt,now and again bringing her hand up to pinch her nipples she was
enjoying herself as she picked up the vibrator,switched it on and pushed it up
her wet,slippery cunt,she gave a groan, Jack set the camera in motion and slid
through the door and crept unseen towards the bed.

He was on her blind side and gazed at the vibrator sliding in,being held as the
buzzed droned,touching her most sensitive parts.Jack stood for at least five
minutes as she got hotter and hotter her groans became louder and her hips moved
up to meet the pushing plastic cock.Her hands left it up her as they moved up to
her breasts,squeezing her firm globes and rolling her nipples between her
fingers,she bit her lip as she moved towards her orgasm.Jack took his chance and
moved from behind and took the end of the dildo pushing it in quickly and then
out,he was moving it very fast before she realized what was happening,her hands
went down to stop him but he was ready and grabbed them, pushing them above her
head and holding them there with his free hand.She struggled and
fought,wriggling as Jack held her,she was no match for her son`s strength,he
grinned down at the squirming beauty under him,he was enjoying the way her naked
tit`s bounced and she tried to break free,her mind and body were confused as she
said,"For pity sake Jack no please stop,you must`nt,"Jack was having nothing of
it,he kept pushing the vibrator in hard and making it touch her inside forcing
her hips to jump,he grinned at the helpless beauty,"Come on you horny cunt,you
love a good fucking don`t you,you can`t get enough cock,this time you going to
have a big cock stuck up your gorgeus cunt".Jack noticed as he spoke every time
she heard a dirty word she jumped and became even more aroused, to Jacks delight
he had found out she was turned on by filthy talk and he was going to enjoy
using it.

He carried on,"Oh who likes thinking about being fucked,come on what do you
think about when your wanking this cunt,do you think about a big fat cock stuck
in that pretty mouth,what you thinking now,my cock,my fat eight inches ploughing
your cunt while my hand maul these tit`s and I suck them thick nipples,I could
suck them beauties off and I just might,"all the time he worked the plastic cock
in and out hard,pulling it out till it tickled her clit then back buzzing
up,making her wet,her protest was getting weaker and Jack knew it,he let her
hands go and they stayed up,he only had shorts on and soon they were off and he
moved into phase two.

He lent down between her legs and licked across her clit then started flicking
his tongue quickly over it,he searched for her G spot with the dildo,suddenly to
Jacks surprise her hands came down on the back of his head as her body took
control,she pushed his head further between her legs as she opened them as far
as she could,Jack looked up over the curly blond bush that covered her cunt
between her breast`s he could see her face,her mouth was open gasping for air
between moans of pleasure,it was time to fuck her.

Jack took out the plastic cock and slid up her body,his own cock bursting to
sink into her and with one last feeble," nooo"from her his mouth covered hers
and his cock slid easily into her wet hot cunt.Jack knew he had to fuck her
hard,the harder he did the hotter she became,thank god he had wanked a load out
before as he felt her cunt muscles tighten on his cock,he was pleased his father
had a small dick as it had kept her cunt tight and delicious to fuck,he couldn`t
believe he was snogging his mother`s pretty mouth as he felt her hands grip his
ass he put his hands on her tit`s and pulled her nipples hard,she loved it hard
and rough and he was going to give it to her just as she liked it.

She was out of it,she didn`t know who was fucking her, she was so far gone,her
hips rose for Jack to push his cock in as far as it would go,she had never had
anything real this big up her and it was driving her wildly towards the orgasm
she wanted.She screamed,cried and yelled all at once when she came but Jack just
slowed down to a strong slow thrust,he grinned down at her as she calmed down
and burst into tears,"Please Jack stop you shouldn`t have down that,this is
incest, this is wrong,"Jack still pumped into her,"It didn`t feel wrong to me
and still does`nt,come on your cunt`s still hungry,a good fuck was what you
wanted and a good fuck is what you got and if your a good girl I.m going to fuck
you some more".Tears ran down her face and a weak"No for pity sake stop,"came
from her pretty little mouth,Jack started to speed up again,"Keep them legs open
I,m not finished with you yet,just feel that cunt suck my cock in or we could
always move to your ass,I want to see that wiggle with a length of meat up
it".Much as she tried to stop her aroused cunt was getting hot again and Jack
kissed her hard forcing his tongue in to her mouth as he hammered her hard,he
could see her tit`s jumping up towards him,just the look of them made him start
to come and she was groaning again,the both of them writhed on the bed.Jack slid
his hands under her ass and pulled her hard up and on as he filled her with his
juice.His cock stayed semi hard,enough for her to keep riding up to her
orgasm,Jack rested on one arm and slid his hand down to her cunt and wanked her
bringing her screaming to her second flooding,gazing down he watched her mouth
open sucking in air, down went his mouth and he kissed her passionately.  

Jack slid off her and she turned her back on him but he laid there stroking the
perfect globes of her bottom as she sobbed in to her pillow,he got up and went
to the bathroom for a piss and went back to the video camera,switched it off and
took it back to his room so he could put it away before anyone found out what he
had done,then he slid in to bed and dozed off thinking of the night.

Jack felt the bed move and woke with a start,she was sat there in her towelling
robe she looked as though she had cried most of the night,"Please Jack never do
that again,promise me you will never speak of it to anyone,"Jack looked at her
the towel robe still showed her thighs and the swell of her breasts and her
blond hair covered the side of her face she looked really sexy,he pulled himself
up on to his elbow,"I,ll think about Miss Gloglansuqe,"her face changed to one
of fear,"Jack no you must never say that name please no,have mercy I am your
mother you wouldn`t see me in prison or sent away,no Jack you could`nt,"Jack
smiled,"As I said Miss Gloglansuqe I will think about it,now go and run me a
shower for some reason my cock feels a little sticky".

He could see the tears in her eyes as she got up and went to the bathroom as
soon as he heard the water run he was up and in there, his cock starting to stir
and before she could move he grabbed her towelling robe and pushed her under the
shower,following her in he slammed the door,turned her round and as she
protested he pulled the robe off,she started to fight him turning and hitting
him with her little hands,Jack almost laughed at her puny efforts,hands and feet
flying at him,he grabbed her round the waist,turned her away from him then
lifted her with one arm,her bottom made an easy target and he spanked her more
for his enjoyment than to hurt her but it had the desired effect and she
stopped,he bent and finished stripping her. 

Throwing it over the door it landed with a splash on the floor as Jack took the
shower gel and squirted it over her tit`s,her hands tried to push him off but he
was soon massaging the soap in to her as she begged him to stop,but there was no
chance of him letting her go.With one hand he held her against the wall as the
other slipped between her legs and pushed up her cunt,her cries of "No" were
drowned out by the water and Jack wasn`t listening anyway as his finger`s toyed
with her cunt,finger fucking her with one finger and rubbing her clit with his
thumb,he could see her legs start to bend and open,he could hear the sucking
sound as he pushed his finger in and her hips pushed forward.

"Come on cunt let me have more fingers up there,get your legs open while I
finger you,come on play with your tit`s let see you roll those nipples you cock
hungry cunt,"the words were getting to her and Jack knew it,he turned the water
off,opened the door and pushed her to the floor,grabbing her he turned her on
her back and stood looking down as he stood between her legs,keeping them open 
he looked her up and down,"I said play with your tit`s",she stared at him,"No I
won`t get off me you can`t do this to me,"before she could move he knelt beside
her,held her hair and started to finger her again,"Come on you know you love a
fucking look at my cock it`s ready to take you and your wet,wet enough to
fuck,don`t fight it,"he got over her and held her tight and pushed his cock in
her, her hands tried to push him off but he soon got a hard fucking rhythm which
she slowly surcome too,soon he had her moaning and he whispered in her ear,"Play
with your tit`s,show me how you give them a squeeze you know you want too,lets
see them nipples popping up come on I,ll fuck you nice and hard if you do and
that's how you like it".She couldn`t help herself and soon her hands were
playing with her tit`s much to Jacks enjoyment and he put his hands under her
knees and lifted them up and apart pushing them towards her tit`s,he was able to
fuck her really hard in that position but he couldn`t hold on long and as he
pumped her very hard his cream flooded her and she came before bursting in to
tears at what she had let him do.He left her lying on the bathroom floor as he
went to his room,dressed,went downstairs took some biscuits and left for his
day.

She staggered into her bedroom and pulled herself together,she looked in her
draw and found the empty box,her mind raced at what it all meant,she hand`t got
time to dwell to long as she dressed and went to do her housework then she had
to see to some business on behalf of Alfred at lunch time getting home at about
two.

She was shocked to see Jack and another male sitting watching T.V.before she
could move,Jack said"Hello Miss Glogansequ you remember my friend Warren you
used to call him mummy`s little pets commrade,well he lent me a video and I
thought I would show him the result,come and have a look and even if I say so
myself I look pretty good,what do you think,"Katrin looked at the tele and sank
onto the sofa as she saw what they were watching,it was her on her own bed with
Jack fucking her and her holding his ass as he pumped her as hard as he
could,her sobbing was only covered by the moans from the T.V and the boys low
laughter.

Warren stood on her left and Jack knelt beside her on the sofa to her right,he
lent and whispered,"You are truly a beautiful woman,especially in that
position,this film has really turned Warren on",she went to move but Jack held
her arm,"No you don`t want to go yet there is plenty of film to go,just look at
the bulge in Warrens trouser`s,you think I,m big you should see his".Katrin
shock her head,"Please switch it off,don`t show any more,your my son you
should`nt do this,I will have to stop you",Jack played his ace,"I don`t think
so, you see Warrens dad has a friend in immigration,just a phone call
away".Katrin looked down at her knees her sobbing uncontrollable,"How could you
do this to me,how can you humiliate me like this",Jack took no notice,"As I was
saying,Warren has an enormous dick just feel here",he took her hand,she fought
him as he rubbed it on the front of Warrens jeans,"There feel that ain`t that a
beauty,I,m sure Warren wouldn`t mind if you took it out for a closer look".

She tried to pull her hand away but Jack held it firm,"You don`t want Warren to
get mad and tell his dad our little secret and I,m sure Alfred would have a lot
to answer for, you know harbouring an alien and underage sex,understand,now for
the last time take it out",reluctantly Katrin pulled the zip down, the bulge
pushed through and strained against the pants holding it in,she looked at Jack
who just nodded,then she looked up at Warren who was grinning down at her,she
pushed her small hand into the hole and felt the hard meat of his cock,pulled it
through the gap and it sprung out,all ten inches of it,she stared at it as Jack
whispered,"Told you it was big,just see how far your hand can get round it,come
on move forward on the sofa and get your hand round it,"she slid forward, her
skirt revealed more of her thigh as she did,the gap behind her was quickly
filled by Jack as he slid round putting his legs ether side of her,bringing his
hands up to her shoulders,she was trapped.

Jack slid his hand down to hers and lifted it to Warrens cock,"Get hold of it
you cunt,get that cock in your hand you know you want too,I bet your cunts
getting wet at the thought of it in your hand,your breathing hard,I can see your
tit`s heving in that little bra, go on I won`t tell anyone,have a feel,"Katrin
was sobbing as she opened her hand and wrapped it round the enormus cock waving
in front of her,her little fingers hardly touched as she felt Warren push it
through her hand,she stared at the forskin as it slid back and then forward,it
was like a snake mesmerising her,then hole opening just a foot from her face as
the large bend slid through her hand,it seemed to raise up then lower back,Jack
voice calmly said,"Don`t make Warren do all the work,give it a pull,you know
what we like just look at the tele,"Katrin`s eye`s looked past at the T.V and
saw herself being fucked by her own son and she started to wank the cock in her
hand,"There that`s not diffecult is it,I bet your nipples are hard you randy
little cock loving whore,no don`t tell me I,ll find out for myself".Jacks hands
came round from behind and started to undo the few buttons on her blouse
exposing her tit`s in a small half cut bra,"My,my Mum you will have to get a new
wardrobe you allways seem to dress like a sexy cunt,nowonder Warren gets hard
looking at you,I bet half the men in town want to get in your pants,"with that
he pulled her arms down and dragged her bra straps down with them,her big firm
tit`s exploded  in to view as Jack played with them rolling the nipples hard
knowing she liked it rough and keeping her arms pinned to her side.

Jack looked over her shoulder at his hands mauling her tit`s,he nuzzled in to
her neck,licking her ear and poking his tongue in to it,"What`s the matter?
can`t you wank Warrens fat cock with your hands anymore,ask him if you can kiss
it,not many people can lick Warren but I,m sure he would let you be the
exception,"Katrin was shaking,little bubbles came from her mouth as she pleaded
with Jack to end her humiliation,Jack looked up at Warren,"Come a little closer
she wants to kiss it,it`s making her hot and horny,I,ll prove it,"with that Jack
slid his hands down to her knees and pushed hard up under her skirt and between
her legs,with  one hand he pulled her pants to one side and the other ran along
her slit,to his joy she was wet.He ran the wet finger under her nose then forced
it into her mouth,"Taste good don`t you,now see how good Warren taste`s,I want
to play with your cunt ,"Jack was back down under her skirt,pushing between her
legs,forcing them open as Warren pushed his cock at her face,Warren smiled down
at her,"Come on Mrs Hawk give it a kiss",Katrin moved forward and gave it a kiss
as Warrens hand came round the back of her head,pushing her face in to his
hips,trapping her against his cock,"You can do better than that,Mrs Hawk,give it
a proper kiss",she open her mouth and kissed the shaft as Jacks finger found her
wet clit and started to work on her he could feel her breathing hard,"Now lick
it up and down and open your legs more I want to finger fuck you for awhile,"she
put her tongue out as the shaft was pushed up and down it.

As her mouth was open and licking it did`nt take long for Warren to pull that
little further back and push it in,she tried to stop him by pushing her hands on
his hips but his hands held her head firm and kept her mouth at full
stretch,Jack smiled at the gurgling noise`s coming from her throat,"Oh you do
look good with a big cock in your mouth,don`t pretend to fight it your cunt`s
getting wetter and I can see those nipples are rock hard,must make a change from
that little dick of dads to have a real cock between those cute lips,come on
lets hear some sucking,he ain`t going to take it out till you swallow,she looked
up at him he had an evil grin, he was sticking his tongue in the side of his
check mimicking his fat cock in her small mouth.

Katrin sat there trapped between the two boy`s pushing hard against Warrens hips
to stop him getting anymore of his cock in her  mouth,she could`nt defend
herself that left Jack free to play with her exposed tit`s and between her
legs,now forced wide open by Warren standing between them,her cunt was just a
wet plaything for him to enjoy and he knew she was getting so hot that soon she
would be to far gone and he would have her just where he wanted her, unable to
stop them doing anything they liked to her.

Under Jacks flicking fingers her cunt was getting the best finger fuck she had
ever had,her hips were unable to stop moving,Jack took one hand back and undid
his joggers,releasing his cock,he nodded to Warren who pulled her head up making
her stand so Jack could slip under her,his cock buried itself easierly up her,
his fingers where around her  fingering her clit, she couldn`t help but start to
ride up and down as her head bowed sucking  Warrens thick cock in to her mouth
he put his hands down around her tit`s pulling her nipples the two of them
played with her,working on her,it was fun making her ride towards a double ended
orgasm.

Warren was the first to cum,filling her mouth with his cream she could`nt
swallow it all, some dribbled out beside his cock and down on to her tit`s,he
stood back as she collapsed back on to Jack`s chest as his cock banged into
her,Jack massaged the spilt cum into her tit`s as he held the bucking woman
forcing her to a screaming orgasm.Jack held her there till he filled her
again.Warren pulled the well fucked woman up off the cock,she could hardly stand
and fell against him,Jack was up and the two of them pulled,carried and dragged
her upstairs to her bedroom letting her fall exhorted on her bed.

Jack got the key to her draw opened it and got out some sexy undies,the two of
them grabbed her like a rag doll and set too undressing her from her day
clothes,then putting on peek-a-boo bra that her nipples stuck through then
suspenders,black stocking with lots of lace at the thigh,crutchless pants and a
pair of ankle strap high heels,she looked stunning laid across the bed,she still
looked the same when the boys brought the video camera out from Jack`s
bedroom,set it up and switched on. 

The two boy`s pounced on their victim,Jack and Warren took a tit each and
sucked,pulled and licked the nipples hard again all the time Katrin begged them
to stop she told them her body could take no-more,Jack looked up from her
tit,"You can take lot`s more and your going to get it,"as he went back to her
tit his hand went to her cunt and played with the aroused plump lips,tweaking
her clit as his fingers ran up and down her slit.Her crying soon turned to a
sighing moan,the moving of her hips was Jack`s signal to pull her legs apart and
get down on her,he didn`t mind the taste of his own cum as he licked her out he
just wanted to get her hips moving again.Warren still worked on her tit`s now he
could have both of them,he moved between sucking her tit`s and tonguing her
mouth he also knew she would soon be high on her need for sex and a willing toy
to be used and humiliated for their enjoyment.

As Katrin became more aroused Warren nodded to Jack and they turned her on to
her stomach,Warren got down behind her as Jack pulled her up on to her knees to
let his mate lick her cunt out from behind,then he moved to kneel in front of
her pushing his cock at her face until she had no choice but to open her mouth
and suck him in.Jack was getting up a good rhythm fucking her face as he watched
Warren get on his knees and aim his monster size cock into her wet cunt,he
deliberately pushed in slowly,stretching her to the limit,she had never had
anything so long,thick and hard in her cunt and Warren was going to make sure
she took it all.Jack watched as his friend began to fuck his mothers cunt with
long strokes,he said,"Don`t forget she likes it hard so shove her tonsils on to
my cock,she really looks good with my cock in her mouth,I,m sure thats what it
was made for,I don`t think she will be able to look you in the eye when she`s at
the mall".Warren laughed,"It won`t be her eyes I,ll be looking at,"both of them
laughed as they reamed her cunt and face fucked the beautiful woman,the more she
moaned the harder they fucked and her cunt muscles tightened around the huge
cock that was driving her wild and it wasn`t long before Warren was filling her
cunt again,Jack pulled his cock out of her mouth and  let her fall but mummy`s
little pet wasn`t finished with her yet, he went round to her raised hips and
pushed in to her cunt,he ran his hands over her tort ass skin and pulled her
cheaks apart so he could see her puckered little ass-hole,it was only  a few
strokes before he slid out of her cunt and started to push in to her ass.She had
never had anything up her ass and Warren had to stop her from trying to get off
the bed,Jack`s cock wet with slime and hard from sucking pushed inward,harder
and harder untill her ass-hole finally surrendered and the cock sank home,she
wasn`t enjoying it as much as Jack hoped,he said to Warren,"Get me a vibrator
out of that draw,I,ll warm her cunt up a bit more".

Jack was right, he started fucking her cunt with a buzzing vibrator and fucked
her ass with his cock and she responded moaning into the pillow,Warren took the
camera off the tripod and got some close ups as she again started bucking her
hips,grinding into Jacks cock and screaming and as Warren put his hand under her
and pinched her nipples she came forcing Jack to shot her ass full for the first
time in her life.

She sat on the bed in her empty bedroom looking at herself in the mirror,her
nipples red and swollen pointed at her through the peep holes,she could see her
thick cunt lips dripping cum down her stockings on to her high heels,the damp
patch under her cooled her sore ass.The house was silent,she laid back on the
bed, she was alone,she thought.

Why am I in this situation what had gone wrong I thought I had left all my
problems behind,first in Poland,I remember the boys there,alright I was very
pretty and a big girl for my age but that didn`t give them the right to keep
touching me,if it wasn`t out at school it was at home with my big brother`s,even
my father wanted his share.I remember how there was no work in my village and it
would be no use trying to go to another town as they would get me back,they were
only waiting until I came of age,I knew my father had fucked my sister and now
my brothers were going to use me to play with. I had stolen enough money to get
passage,then lied about my age to get papers,telling them they were for my
sister and run away to what I hoped would be a good life.

I was so excited as the ship docked,I had hid in the cabin for the whole voyage
and I was relieved as I joined the people shuffling ashore,we queued waiting our
turn through immigrations,then it got to me and they knew my papers were wrong,I
was taken to a office and sat opposite a large ugly man,I remember his voice
saying,"You will be sent back on the next ship,"I pleaded with him not to,begged
him, even showed him I had a little money,those next words will be etched in my
mind forever,"As it`s Friday I,m in a good mood, I have different papers at my
home office if you wait,when I leave tonight you may come and get them,"I
waited.

We didn`t speak as we walked to this old house near the dock`s,we went in and he
showed me upstairs in to a small room,he took my papers and showed me the new
ones, my date of birth had been changed and my new name was Gladstone,then he
slammed them both in a draw and locked it,put the key in his pocket and
said,"You can have them on Monday,until then you will be in that room",he
pointed to a door and I went towards it.

I opened the door to a large dingy bedroom,he pushed in behind me grabbing my
hair and pulling me towards the bed,"Now little girl you are going to earn those
papers on your back with those lovely legs spread wide,we are going to have a
dirty weekend,well I am, you are just going to get fucked,I ain`t seen anything
as pretty as you in a long time, hope you know how to suck and fuck,if not you
soon will,now lets have a look at those tit`s and that cute ass naked, strip".

I rushed at the door pulling as hard as I could,but it stayed shut,he
laughed,"Come on little lady,you don`t want me to hurt you, do you,I bet you
ain`t got to many clothes in this case,"he kicked it under the bed,"You don`t
want what you got on ripped,so take them off,let`s see if your a real blond".I
first thought of fighting but looking at the size of him,then I thought of
begging but I had seen that look in other men`s face`s,I just looked at him and
he knew,"Do you now how to suck cock,"I shook my head,"Come here",I shuffled
forward,as I came to him her stroked my hair then dragged it back and held the
bunch with one hand,he undid his trousers and let them fall,"Take my pants
down,"I looked at his grinning face and with trembling hands, got hold of the
side`s and tugged down,this cock flopped out thank god it wasn`t that big,"Kiss
it little girl,kiss it all over",he bent my head down to it,I started to cry but
soon I  was slobbering all over it,trying to kiss it but he pushed so hard that
I had most of my mouth round the side of it,"Now you suck it just like a
popsicle,right in your cute mouth".

He screwed the bunch of hair in his hand and in pain I open my mouth fully as he
just placed it on my lips,"Put your tongue under it",I did and he slid it
forward over my tongue until it was just touching the back of my throat,"Now
lick all around while I pump your face,when I come you swallow,then I will let
you clean it,then I will sit back while you strip,"all the time he was talking
he was fucking my face,"Then I will return the favour and suck your little twat
till I,m ready to fuck you,I wont forget to see to those nice big tit`s
ether,I,m going to enjoy you this weekend".

I decided there and then to go along with what was going to happen,the taste of
his cock was foul,the sweat and the filthy as he pushed it in to my mouth making
me lick all around it while it was stuck in my throat,he took great pleasure in
running his finger round his cock then in to my mouth making it wet then pushing
his hand in my blouse and bra tickling my nipples with his wet fingers trying to
make them hard until he held my head and made sure I was taking a full load of
his cum in my mouth.

he laid on the bed and pulled me down to his lap and for the next five minutes I
had to lick all the mess of his cock,then he pushed me up to stand in front of
him,"O K show me what I,ve got to play with".

I don`t know how I stopped my self from crying but my little fingers undid my
blouse,he licked his lip`s as I took of my bra then my skirt and pants left me
standing in my white socks,he lent forward, put his arm around my waist and
pulled me to him,mauling my breasts,then I felt sick as his hand came up behind
me grabbed my hair again and forced my mouth on to his and he pushed until his
tongue was licking inside my mouth,I thought I would be glad when he stopped but
then he said,"Let`s have you on this bed,I want your legs wide so I can lick you
wet enough to fuck".I did`nt have time to think as I was lifted on to the bed
and he dragged my legs wide and grinning at me his face went between them and I
jumped as his tongue invaded my most private part.

I lay there sobbing,biting my finger to stop myself from crying out until I saw
his face look up and he slowly licked my cunt hairs and then my navel until he
was sucking at my nipples,I could feel his cock between my legs and as he raised
his ass he kept sucking my tit`s then he drove himself into me,I had never felt
pain like it and I screamed, he quickly cover my mouth with his hand and his
grin broadened,"Tight little cunt but it`s a snug fit,don`t cry your going to
get this a lot this weekend,now shut up while I fuck you".

After my rape had finished he took me into the bathroom and stood me in the bath
while he took his delight on washing me,pushing his fingers in me not only my
cunt but up my bottom,he took ages massaging my tit`s and then he played with me
as he dried me then he took me back to the bedroom put me in the bed and climbed
in with me,he fucked me and made me suck him all night and his favourite was to
make me get him hard again by  holding my tit`s together and wanking him off
between them,if I did not do it right which seemed often he used to make me bend
over his knee for a spanking.

All weekend he fucked me only stopping for some food,I was so pleased when
Monday morning came but when I went to get my clothes he grabbed me and tied my
hands together then to the bed,he gagged me and tied my legs,"You lay there,I
will be back after work and I will be hot,you didn`t think I was going to let
you go until I had fucked you a lot,lot more,"he played with me between my legs
then sniffed his fingers,"That will remind me of your sweet cunt for a while,see
you later".

I panicked as he left but soon I was working on my bonds,after two hours I
finally got free from the bed,I fell on the floor and got my case, in there was
a strong knife,I was free then I set to on the draw and broke in,taking my
papers and money that was in there I looked out the window,I could make it,I had
to make it,I through my case out and climbed down.

I got digs and found a job in a cafe then I meet Alfred he was a nice man who
came in on his city visit`s and he didn`t come on to me,I through myself at him
and he was pleased to have a young woman to put on his arm,soon I got him to
take me to his little town and too marry me,life was bliss, then Mummy`s little
pet came along,I bought sexy underwear to keep Alfred happy though he didn`t
want sex as much as me and he was little but I didn`t mind,I had secretly bought
some vibrator`s and they were less complicated then letting all the leering men
use me,no all was easy street for many years,why did I let him massage my feet.

It was so innocent,I just laid there and said my feet hurt,I thought it so nice
that he would rub my feet,I had half a glass of brew I was so relaxed and it
felt good.He rubbed my toes and ankles I just went half asleep it was as though
I was dreaming,a hand was on my calf so sensuous,the oil on my knees then up to
my thighs,I was lost and I knew I was wet,I could feel breath on my tit`s and up
my skirt fingers were getting me hot, I was just about to open my legs to let
the fingers find my pussie when I suddenly realized it wasn`t Alfred,it was Jack
I had to run upstairs.

As I lay on my bed afterwards I felt wet,I was so hot and had to touch myself my
clit jumped when I touched it and soon I could`nt help but rub it,I played with
myself,fingering my hole it was lovely and slippery,I could put two fingers in
easierly the sound of my sloppy hot cunt was turning me on even more,I put my
hand inside my blouse and squeezing my nipples with my slippery fingers rolling
them hard,it was no good I had to get a vibrator and fuck myself until I came,
spurting sticky juice all over my hand.After I pulled myself together I knew I
had to keep out of the way of Jack.

Then the start of this misery,all I did was make a sandwich, it did taste funny
so I washed it down with a brew,why,when I picked up the other bottle did I see
that video,curiosity made me put it in the player and once it had started I
couldn`t stop,I`d heard of these films but never seen one.I watched these two
painters in a house with a woman they kept looking at her and making crude
comments,then they cornered her and started feeling her she tried to stop them
but soon one of them had his hand up her skirt and was stroking her playing with
her between the legs,I looked down and I was doing the same to myself,the drink
tasted very strong but I had more, I was loving watching these men getting this
woman hot,one had his hand in her dress and her tit`s out sucking them while the
other was on his knees under her skirt in-between her legs sucking at her
cunt,her knees were bending and she just let them do what ever they wanted to
her.They stripped her and pushed her upstairs and then made her get on all fours
while one fucked her cunt and as she moaned the other sank his cock down her
throat,they were so big, I found myself opening my mouth as if I was taking it
down my throat all the time my hands were between my legs or pulling at my
nipples.After another half bottle I had to go upstairs and relieve myself.

 Allthough I was a bit drunk I looked in the mirror as I stripped,I love my body
and I could see my inner thighs were wet from my juices and my nipples were
hard,I got my favourite dildo and laid out on my bed.First I carried on wanking
my clit thinking of that woman alone in the house with the men doing her anyway
they liked,I was so hot I felt the length of my dildo and slowly pushed it in,it
was one of the men fucking me,I love the way it buzzed.

I was using both hands playing with my tit`s when suddenly I felt the plastic
cock fucking me I opened my eye`s,it was Jack,I put my hands down to stop him as
I shouted at him but all that came out was a squeal as the cock found some wet
excited places.He grabbed my hands and pulled them over my head and kept on
pushing it up my cunt,I knew he wasn`t going to stop,he had the same look as men
I remembered from my past.I begged him to stop but he just laughed as I squirmed
under him as I moved my hip`s he just followed me still fucking the dildo up me
hard,he increased the speed and moved it around inside me driving me wild.

  Then he said Cunt followed by Fucking and Cock,I had remembered the first time
and how that man spoke and it was getting to me,Fucking,Tit`s Cocks my head was
swimming as he fucked me with the dildo then he starting licking my cunt,I was
so hot I couldn`t control myself I was so far gone as his tongue slurped all
around my wet hole then his fingers took the place of the plastic cock.He fucked
me viciously with two fingers as his flicked so fast over my hot clit,I was so
wet I was fighting to breath when he slid up me and keeping my legs open it was
easy for him to enter me,I tried to stop him but he started kissing me driving
his tongue in my mouth and his hand`s were now all over my tit`s,when he stopped
kissing me he would talk filth to me knowing what it was doing to me and as he
fucked me with his huge cock I could`nt control myself,I had to let him do what
he wanted to me.I came but he wouldn`t stop he carried on fucking me he even
came but left it in,I struggled to stop him. I moved under him trying to get 
his cock out of my cunt and all he did was smile down at me,he had me pinned to
the bed, the more I moved the more excited he became I could feel him getting
hard again,it was filling my cunt and soon his cock was fucking me in to another
humiliating orgasm.

I should never have gone in to his room in the morning but I had to make him
stop,I could have screamed when he said my real name,I felt the power in his
voice,I needed time to think so I did as I was told,I went a ran his shower I
didn`t know he was going to have me again and he found it so easy,stripping me
naked he spanked me like a little girl I could`nt believe the feeling as he
began to soap me shoving his fingers up me until he got me on the floor I just
lay there and let my own son fuck me pushing my legs open and up to my chest
while he made me play with my own tit`s and pull my nipples hard upwards so he
could lick them, all this just for his leering enjoyment as he drove his cock in
me so hard laughing knowing he was making me come and keep coming wetting his
cock again and again,I was so humiliated as he stood above me making me open my
leg`s with his cock dripping my own cum down on to my blond cunt hair`s.

As I went about the family business that morning I was lost in another world,I
could`nt get out of my mind what had happened to me,I remember looking at our
bedroom window as I approached the front door thinking what had happened in my
own bed the night before but as I went into the living room I was shocked to see
Jack and that other boy watching television, the look on his face and that he
used my real name again,I knew I was still in trouble it wasn`t until I saw what
they were watching I realized how much,I felt sick as they made me sit on the
sofa and watch as I was being fucked by my own son and looking as though I was
enjoying it,what if anyone else saw it.

I begged him,pleaded with him to turn it off,but he didn`t stop,as he made me
watch he told me his friends father knew an immigration officer and I better be
nice to him,I felt sick with fear at what these two had planned.I was shocked
when he told me to look at this Warren`s trousers but what I saw totally
confused me,nothing could be that big,I was trembling when he told me to take it
out,how could my son humiliate me in front of some-one else.The way they spoke I
knew they weren`t going to stop until I had done what they said and I was
sure,now he had involved a second person that they would have done something
that would  have brought my past back to haunt my new life,I tried hard not to
cry as I put my hands to the trousers.

My god I hadn`t seen anything that size I was scared but Jack forced me to hold
it as Warren pushed it towards me through my hand,it had a bend I was mesmerized
then Jack made me play with it I could hardly get my hand around it.He pushed me
forward and I was so close as it pushed at me through the foreskin then Jack
moved behind me and started to say thing`s to me,filthy things,"Was my cunt
wet,Were my nipples hard,Did I like the cock in my hand,Did a fancy it up my
cunt",I felt so strange then Jack pinned my arms beside as he started playing
with my tit`s I tried to stop him but the two of them were talking filth to me
and it was getting to me,when Jack told me to kiss Warrens cock I didn`t want to
but they found it easy to force my face forward and I felt the thick meat
pressing against my lips,Jack took advantage he stopped pulling my nipples, slid
his hand from my knee up under my skirt running his fingers along my inner thigh
up to my pants,he kept my arms tight to my side and Warren held my head making
me lick all along the length of his huge cock.Suddenly Jack pulled my pants to
the side and played with my pussie lip`s,I gasped,as I did Warren pulled back
and forced his cock in my mouth,it was so big I was fighting to breath,I managed
to free my arms and held Warrens hips to stop more of his cock from choking
me,that made it easy for Jack to do anything he wanted to me,he was pushing
fingers as far up my cunt and rubbing my clit,I could`nt help it I was getting
very wet.Warren held my head with one hand and pulled at my nipples,pinching
them as he rolled them between his fingers,Jack still took delight describing
all that was happening to me in the most perverted language and even if Warren
moved my eye`s could see the T V and there I was being fucked.

I felt Warrens hands on the side of my head tighten their grip and he lifted
me,I didn`t understand why until I felt Jack move under me and I could feel his
hard cock touching my wet cunt then his hands were on my hips pulling me down on
to it,I sank down on to it as it easily filled my wet cunt and they both started
fucking me as hard as they could knowing that I would be unable to stop
them,knowing they would drive me to have an orgasm.I wanted to get Warrens cock
out of my mouth and stop them but they held me long enough to drive me over the
edge and I was sucking the cock in my mouth,licking the head with my
tongue,tasting the precum as I opened my legs wide to let Jack ether play with
my clit or  hold my hips pumping me up and down as he fucked me.

Then Warren started pumping in to my mouth,he would`nt take it out and I was
struggling to swallow as Jack held me onto it, Warren stood there smiling down
at me blowing his cheeks out,it was how I must have looked as some of his cum
escaped running down my chin on to my tit`s,Jack pulled me back on to him as his
hand groped my tit`s rubbing Warrens filth in to me as he continued to pump his
cock into my hot cunt until I cried out as I orgasmed and he filled me,still
pumping me up and down on his cum covered cock.

I was exhausted but they would`nt leave me alone,Warren pulled me off Jack and
the two off them dragged me upstairs I made a pathetic plea to be left alone but
I was soon being thrown on to my bed,Warren kept touching me and tickling
between my leg`s,Jack was looking for something,I heard him shout this will do
and the two of them starting pulling my clothes off,I was to tired to stop
them,then they were putting some of my most secret clothes on me,I realized as I
lay there that I was dressed in a very sexy way with a lace bra that allowed my
nipples and arousals to show,crutchless pants and my best stockings and
suspenders,then high heels,I sobbed, what were they going to do to me next.

Oh no they have the video camera again I went to get off the bed but before I
could they both pounced on me holding me down,playing with my nipples then
sucking on them.I tried so hard to stop them but my body was still in an aroused
state,Jack told me I was going to get fucked again I begged him no as his hand
slid down my body and started  wanking me again,"Your cunts wet again you want a
cock up it fucking hard but first your going to get a tongue fuck,"as he slid
down my body he looked at me putting his tongue out and wiggling it at me.I went
to say no as Warrens mouth covered mine,his fingers pulled and tweaked my
nipples as his tongue invaded my mouth so Jacks tongue sank deep in to my
pussie.The two of them worked on me,I felt my hips lifting to meet Jacks
tongue,I thought he was going to fuck me again but they man handled me over on
my stomach and Jack pushed his hands under me playing with my pussie making my
bottom lift until I felt Warren put his arms around my hips and push his tongue
up me,Jack lent down beside me,"Like a cunt licking don`t you,go on push your
cunt back in his mouth he loves the taste of your hot cunt.I couldn`t help it I
closed my knees and pushed back on to Warrens mouth Jack came around and sat in
front of me waving his cock in my face,I felt his hand on the back of my head
and he shoved me down towards it`s angry red swollen head,it smashed in to my
teeth I had no choice but to open my mouth and suck my own son`s cock it was
then Warren stopped licking me I knew he was going to take me from behind and I
hoped he would`nt rip me in half.

I had to part my knees as I felt him touch me and then he shoved,slowly all that
length entered me it was huge and it touched me in places I didn`t know I
had,then they both started to fuck me really hard.Their fucking made me respond
I was disgusted with myself as I heard them laughing and making filthy comments
about what they were doing.My son telling his friend to fuck his mother hard as
that`s the way the cunt liked it while he shagged her mouth and tickled her
tonsils with his cock he liked the way his mother was a good cocksucker.Warren
saying how great it was to be fucking the hole his mate had come out of and how
nice it was for his mates mother to put out for them she was a better fuck then
the girls at collage at least she could take it all and she was about to get a
filling.

I came as Warren filled me but could`nt scream as I still had Jack in my
mouth,when I had calmed down Jack took his out of my mouth and went round behind
me,I hadn`t moved from Warren and it was easy for Jack to slide me and he
started to slowly fuck me then to my surprise he pulled out and I felt him
pushing around my ass-hole,oh god no I could`nt do that,I went to move but
Warren held me as Jacks hands steadied me then slowly he pushed,oh no it was
going in,I hadn`t the fight left and he managed to push it in my bottom,no-one
had ever fucked my ass before and I found it strange but he carried on,I was
suddenly finding it wasn`t as bad as I thought when I heard him say,"Get a
vibrator,"he held me while Warren got one and as Warren held me again it was
pushed in me and turned on.The feeling of being fucked in the ass and the
buzzing in my pussie was unbelievable and I was soon grinding my ass on to
Jack`s cock and although Warren was videoing all that was happening to me as
well as playing with my tit`s I had to carry on until I was forced in to yet
another humiliating orgasm.I just lay on the bed with my son laid on my back
finishing me off by fucking my ass,I felt him come and they both left the
bedroom laughing at what a good fuck I was and what they had made me do,how was
I going to carry on as a housewife and mother after this,I must make him stop.

She was pleased when Alfred came home and told her he had finished with his away
job and would spend some time with her,all was good for about ten day`s then
Alfred came home very excited,a big farm had asked for him to go and sort out
buying an extension, trouble was it was at the county line some two hundred
miles away and he would be away for at least three days it was an impotent
contract and he was off right away.She pleaded with him not to go or take her,he
told her she had to stay and sort some out jobs with the farming union,she would
be allright and she sat almost in tears on the sofa as he kissed her and went
out to the cab that would take him to the train,he passed Warren as he was going
and she heard,"Go straight in Warren,Jacks somewhere around".

Suddenly she heard Jack"It worked then,"Katrin said,"What do you mean,what have
you done",Jack smiled at her,"Warrens dad is big in the farming union and has
promised a grant to out lying farms who use dad and dads firm for building
work,dad will get a big promotion for this and bonuses,you should be
happy,"Katrin was like a trapped animal,"You have got to leave me alone,nothing
must happen,I won`t let you use me,I have right`s",Jack laughed"All you have are
these,"he dangled a pair of pink padded handcuffs,"And all you have to do is put
them on".

Katrin shock her head but Jack was ready for that and he showed her a parcel
with Alfred's firms address on,"Got you taped or cuffed, your choice,"Katrin put
her head in her hands sobbing uncontrollably,"My own son you are wicked you are
a filthy pervert,"Jack interrupted her,"That's rich coming from you,you like
being screwed you just don`t like to admit it,you don`t care who`s cock`s in
you, just the bigger the better,now put these on,"he through the cuffs at her
and she picked them up,she looked at him only to hear,"I said put them on,
now",she broke down sobbing bitterly as she clipped one cuff on her wrist then
as she went to clip the other,Jack shouted,"Behind your back".

Katrin stood in the middle of her living room with her arm cuffed behind her
back,as always she was dressed as sexy as a woman could and she looked
stunning,Jack walked up to her and put his hand between her legs,he could feel
her slit through the light summer dress,"Get it nice and hot,I,ll start there
but remember I have a liking for your ass-hole I,ll be back soon,I,ve got some
business to see too," Katrins was surprised and gratefull when he left,she
looked at Warren,"Please Warren have mercy,let me go,I can pack and go,I,ll stay
somewhere else,please,I,ll pay you,"Warren looked at her and turned away,"O.K go
up stairs and pack I,ll check Jacks out of the way".Warren went out and Katrin
ran upstairs,she looked around the bedroom for things she needed as she waited
for Warren to come up with the key.

She heard him come up and turned so he could unlock the cuffs,she squealed as
she felt his hands go up under her dress and pull her pants down to her
knees,"Warren no,please you said I could go,"as his hands ran back up her leg`s
and slid round covering her cunt,pushing his fingers round and in her slippery
hole,he whispered,"You must be joking your the best fuck I have ever had and as
for sucking my cock,I just love it fitting snugly in between your lip`s so we
are going to keep your arms tied the way they are and all to our selves for the
next three days,fucking your cunt,ass and mouth non stop,we will get you so
sexed up that you will do anything we say and we are going to do some filthy
disgusting things to you with those vibrators of yours and some other things we
have bought,oh I bet you want to know were Jack is,he told you my dad got your
old man some work,well he will get him lot`s more and it will be such a long way
away and it will take him day`s to do the job`s,so we owe dad and he has always
fancied getting his hands on your tit`s and in your pants and fucking you, so
Jacks gone to get him,you wait till you see his cock,you think mine`s big,I
can`t wait to see you pumping up and down on it or with your mouth filled with
him, your in for a hot three way fucking,from me,my dad and of course, your own
"mummy`s little pet".


                                                                     PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





