BDSM Library - Bushwhacking




Bushwhacking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young couple's rape scenario becomes terrifyingly real.
Bushwhacking

It was her fault, you know.  Her idea, her stupid fantasy.  She blames me, but
what was I supposed to do?  She was on me constantly, demanding that we play out
her little rape "scenario."  Kept telling me how fun it would be, how exciting. 
Well, she was right, but not in the way she expected.

We planned it out pretty well, I thought.  We drove to the trailhead-midweek,
midday, not likely to be anyone there.  We already knew the spot-off a good ways
from the trail, very secluded, a lot of trees and brush around a small clearing,
fallen tree smack in the center.  I told her the bark would hurt, would scratch
her.  She said she wanted it to hurt. 

I left first, Nikon, spare film, various lengths of rope, ring gag, and nipple
clips in my pack.  Had the spreader bar lashed to the frame-she wanted me to use
a sturdy stick, but if there wasn't one to be found, we'd use the bar.  She
picked it up special.  And you need to keep that in mind, okay?  SHE picked this
shit up, not me.  She bought the rope, she ordered the gag-- fancy thing, broad
leather strap with o rings, ring to hold her mouth open, plug to fill it.  But
you see?   This was all HER.  I was just along for the ride because she wouldn't
shut the fuck up about it.

I kept telling her it was a bad idea-that we should just get a hotel room.  But
she wanted the whole primal rape in nature thing.  I told her I was afraid I
would hurt her, and she SMILED.  Said that was the idea.  Whatever.

So yeah, okay, I was a little pissed off at her.  But I trudged up the trail,
eyes out for anyone else.  Trail was deserted.   Made my way to the spot,
started setting up-tied the longer length of rope to the fallen tree, made a few
loops here and there in the smaller bits for ease of "capture."  Sat down, lit a
smoke, and waited.  Not where she expected me, though-thought she might get a
kick out of the surprise of me grabbing her on the trail rather than waiting for
her to come to the spot.  So I hunkered down in some brush next to the trail,
ring gag in hand. 

I didn't want to hurt her.  Just because I was angry doesn't mean I wanted this
to happen.

When she appeared, she looked nervous.  Sweaty, spent, tired.  I almost didn't
do it-thought maybe she'd changed her mind.  But then I thought back to the last
time I'd broken character during one of her little fantasies.  The killer
bitch-out she'd delivered.  Nope, if she didn't want it, she could let me know
herself. 

I waited, crouched, every muscle coiled and ready, until she was right next to
me.  She didn't see me.  Didn't have a clue.  I sprang from the brush in an
explosion of leaves, gag in her mouth in a flash, silencing her before we even
hit the ground.  Knee ground between her shoulder blades, I secured it tightly
as she struggled.  And she was struggling.  Hooking an arm under her chin, I
dragged her toward our spot.  She had her fingernails sunk deeply into my
forearm, and I knew she wasn't fucking around.  Well, neither was I.  She wanted
rape, she was going to get it. 


Throwing her belly down on the ground next to the tree trunk, I fell on her,
hands grappling, grasping shirt and ripping it from her, shredding it.  I
laughed-she hadn't brought a change of clothes.  Good payback for the hassle, I
figured.  Ripping her shorts and thong panties from her, I grabbed a length of
rope, grabbed one wrist, then the other.   No simple hands behind the back,
though-she'd always admired those fancy Japanese bondage pictures, so that's
what I shot for.  Wrists crossed, arms bent up at the elbows, I eyed the o rings
on the gag strap.  Looped the rope through one and yanked hard-her hands jerked
up her back even as her head was yanked up from the ground.  I tied it off, then
turned, went for her drumming, flailing legs. 

Did I mention she was screaming?   She was-- high pitched, muffled screams
through her nose.  I could hear her trying to suck air in around the ball, hear
her spit bubbling.  I thought she was acting.  Maybe she still was.  I don't
know-she says she wasn't, but she has a vested interest in lying-hard to get a
conviction if you gave consent.

Grabbing the bar, I snagged first one leg, then the other, attaching her ankles
securely to it.  And then I got creative.   Throwing her back down over the tree
trunk, I started looping the remaining rope around her tightly, VERY tightly,
actually enjoying the way it bit into her skin.  I paid special attention to her
tits, made a sort of ultra-tight halter top, rope cutting into her titties,
making them stand up and out.  Running rope from her tits, I tied her
pussy-shaved, smooth, I ground the rope in on either side of her hole, pulling
the lips up and away.  I pulled the rope as tight as I could, and yeah, I
enjoyed the sound of her screaming.  She WANTED it, get it?  She ASKED me to do
this!

When I was done she was covered with rope, criss-crossed and biting.  Did a damn
fine job if you ask me.  I pulled out the nipple clips and affixed them to her
already reddening tits.  She squealed through her nose, shoulders working,
trying to get away from the torture.  Pretending to try.  Swear to God, it was
an act.

Securing her to the tree trunk, I stepped back, eyed my handiwork. 

"So, how do you like them apples, cunt?"  I never called her that normally, but
she said she wanted me to call her names while I "raped" her.  So I did.  I bent
over her, tweaked the rings while she screamed.  Stuck my hand between her legs,
grabbed her bared clit and dug my thumbnail in.  She squirmed, whined, spit
bubbling from around the gag.  She couldn't see me-with her head yanked back
like that, she had no idea what I was going to do, where my next attack would
take place.  Pulling out the camera, I began to snap shots.  These were
beautiful shots-you've seen them.  All 5'8" of her, draped over this log, ropes
cutting into her, totally helpless.  I snapped shot after shot, and got harder
and harder doing it. I knew I could sell these pictures for a lot of money.  But
that wasn't what got me hard.  Her, totally vulnerable, helpless, at my mercy. 
That's what got me hard.  You had to know her-she was such a shrew.  And now she
was this piece of meat waiting for my cock.  She couldn't say no now.		

I set the camera down and walked to her, unzipping my jeans.  I was so
incredibly excited.  Painfully hard.  I was literally jumping like a kid in a
candy store-which hole?  Where was I going to fuck her first?  I decided on her
mouth-figured it would be the most degrading, you know?  Hey, fuck you, she
wanted it.   She said she wanted it to be terrifying, humiliating, degrading.  I
stepped up to her head, yanked the plug out of the ring gag, and jammed my
swollen tool in deep. With her head yanked so far back, it wasn't hard to push
all the way in, to the hilt, cock down her throat.  That was something she was
never willing to try, you know?  Deep throating?  Well, I figured that it was
the least she could do now, considering I didn't want to do this shit in the
first place.

She let out this little squeal through her nose, you know?  Sounded pissed. 
Then my cock pushed down her throat and all she did was gag.  Felt fucking
wonderful, her throat constricting around my cock, her tongue working it
furiously.  I grabbed the ropes on her tits and just started slamming into her
face, as hard as I could.  I did pull out enough for her to breathe, it's not
like I was killing her or anything. 

They showed up just as I was cumming, you know?  I was as helpless as she was,
my dick twitching, spewing my spunk into her mouth while she sputtered and
gagged.  I couldn't have stopped, no way-it's like dogs locked, point of no
return.  I just stood there, gaping at them while my cock sprayed wave after
wave of my sticky cum into her face.  There were three of them-rifles in hand,
obviously a little drunk.  Two black, one white of the long-haired hick variety. 
They were smiling, waiting for me to finish.  I don't think she saw them, don't
think she knew they were there.  Even as the last of my jizz was dribbling out
of me I was looking for something, anything to cover her with.  There was
nothing.

"Hey, son," the long hair called, "Looks like you've had better luck hunting
than we have!"

They all laughed, approached.  I was struck tharn, didn't know what the fuck to
do.  She had begun struggling, screaming wordlessly for me to untie her, cover
her up.  I tucked my cock in my pants and tried to put myself between her and
them.  Swear to God, I did.  I didn't want this to happen.  You have to believe
me.

I tried to smile, tried to look both confident and maybe a little embarrassed. 
She used to call it my "bad boy caught" expression.  I didn't know what was
going to happen, but I had a bad feeling, you know?

'Uh, hi," I stammered a little, wasn't sure what to say, "kinda caught us, I
guess." 

"Looks that way," one of the black guys stepped forward, "nice rope work."

I think I said thanks.  I don't remember.  They kept moving closer, and I kept
stepping back, trying to block her from their view.

"You look like a nice boy," the redneck smiled hard, chambered a round, "you
don't mind sharing with a few weary travelers, do you?"

Shit.  No, you know, he never did come right out and say he'd blow us both away
if I didn't let them at her.  He didn't HAVE to, you know?   It was obvious. 


My mind was going a mile a minute, racing along.  Could I overpower them?  No
way, three of them, guns, and shit, those black guys were huge!   Could I run? 
Maybe, but I'd probably wind up with a bullet in my back and a dead girlfriend. 
Begging would have been worthless, I could see that in their faces.  The only
thing I could do was play along.  Hey, you can blow the fuck up with your eye
rolling bullshit, okay?  You weren't there.  You don't know.

She was screaming non-stop now, the rope rubbing her raw as she struggled to get
loose.  I took a deep breath, smiled best as I could and nodded, waved them to
her.  Stepping back, I closed my eyes for a second, listened to her terrified
cries.  Opening them again, I saw them moving into place, one at her head, one
at her pussy.   The third found the camera, laughed, and threw it to me.

"Make sure you get our good sides, kid."

Oh, Jesus.  They wanted me to take pictures of them raping her!  Well, shit. 
What choice did I have?   I started snapping away as they unzipped their pants.

The one at her head pushed in first, shutting her up in a flash-the ropes
prevented much movement, and he was able to hold her head still with no trouble,
one hand on her head, the other holding his rifle.  I know blacks are supposed
to have big dicks, but this dude was fucking monstrous.  Easy 10 inches. 
Listening to her gag, choke as he pushed hard, relentlessly, until the whole
horrific length was hidden in her face, closing off her throat.  I could see her
throat working, her eyes rolling back as she writhed under her bonds.  The
second moved in, his cock in hand.  Grabbing the bar spreading her legs, he
pushed it up, back, so the bar was pressing into her tortured throat.   Pushing
the tip of his cock-Jesus, this one was huge, too, thick-against her bound pussy
lips, tearing slowly, relentlessly into her.   Her sweet, rounded hips bucking
just so slighly against the ropes as his tool ripped into her dry hole.  And her
feet, her toes-flexing, curling.  The only part of her free to move, and she was
working them furiously.  It was pathetic, really; like her little feet, her tiny
painted toes could free her somehow.  And what did I do?

I took pictures.  Walking around, snapping shots from every angle.  Pulling the
spent rolls, putting in new.  What else could I do?  I had to do what they
wanted, had to convince them that I was one of them.   Otherwise, they'd have
killed us.  Bitch is only alive to accuse me because of my actions.  Fuck you,
it's true.

The man in her mouth began to moan loudly, his pace becoming faster, uneven as
he slammed into her mouth harder and harder.  I could hear her dragging in
desperate breaths between thrusts, a squeaking whine forced from her nose with
every interrupted exhalation. 

"Get up there, boy," Redneck smiled cruelly, "You don't want to miss that money
shot."

I moved to her head just as the tool in her mouth began to jerk, twitch, spew
wave after wave of sour, thick cum into her mouth, her throat.  Pulling back as
I began to snap pictures, the man finished on her face, spraying globs of
sticky, looping spunk on her face, in her eyes.  I got it all on film-you saw. 
Her eyes full of cum, her face dripping with the hanging strings of it. 

"Other end," Redneck called as he walked toward her head, "come on, boy, be
quick!"


I moved fast, kneeling down just in time to catch it-the cock in her pussy
twitching, shooting its load.  The man's buttocks contracted, tightened as he
threw his spunk into her, then pulled out to splash her tightly bound pussy
lips.  Using the tip of his dick, he rubbed her clit, laughed as she moaned. 
She couldn't escape. 

Her moans were cut off as Redneck pushed his cock into her mouth.  He wasn't as
big as the other two, but what he lacked in size he made up for in cruelty.  He
alternated between hard, fast thrusts that crushed her face, and slow strokes
that blocked her air for long stretches, left her gagging, struggling to stay
alive. 

"Boy, did you hear this slut moan when her clit was touched?"  Redneck laughed
thickly as he fucked her face, "Give the camera to Cal there-eat the cunt."

I tried to beg off, even tried to argue that the camera was complicated, took a
certain touch.  But they were insistent, and I didn't dare argue too strongly. 
I handed the camera off and knelt between her legs.  She was dripping with cum,
in her little hairs, trickling out of her hole.  I did it.  It was horrible,
another man's spunk in my mouth, but I did it because I had to.  I did all of it
because I had to.  I licked her lips, ran my tongue from her asshole to her
clit, stopping to push into her, fuck her with my mouth.  I worked her clit with
my teeth, my lips, my tongue.  And she moaned when she could, when she could
draw air.  I could feel her thighs straining, her hips pushing against my face. 
I put a finger inside her pussy, felt the muscles constrict, grab my finger
hungrily.  Fucking whore-she was loving this.  Cock choking her, the jizz of
strangers filling her, covering her, and she was going to come off.  She was
getting off on it. 

I lit into her clit in earnest, fucking her pussy with my fingers as I brought
her closer and closer.  Redneck was getting there, too, his strokes frantic and
uneven as his climax approached.  I thought-fuck you, I thought it would be cool
to bring her off as he was spewing into her mouth.  So I watched him even as I
worked her, bringing her to the brink, then holding her there until he exploded,
my own cock getting hard again.  And he did-never seen that much cum in my life. 
His tool just kept throwing out more and more, coating her face, running up her
nose.  She began to cough, retch even as I brought her off-she screamed, choked
as she came, her belly and hips jumping against the ropes, her pretty little ass
clenching with the orgasm that rocked through her. 

And then she started to cry.

Pulling out a knife, Redneck cut her from the tree-she was still bound tightly,
but could be moved around now.  Throwing her on her belly, he pointed to her
ass, then to my swollen cock pressing against my fly. 

"Fuck her ass."


She'd never let me do that, you know.  Never.  She'd say she wanted it, then
whine how it hurt, leaving me frustrated, unfulfilled.  And suddenly I was one
of them.  I yanked her into position as she squealed, terrified.  I saw the
scrapes, the blood on her back from the rough bark of the tree, but I didn't
care.  I pressed my cock against her puckering asshole and pushed.  Hard.  And
she screamed, her mouth still trapped open by the ring gag.   At first her ass
held me out, but I kept at it, just kept shoving until something finally gave
and I was tearing into her.  And oh, God, it was so amazing.  She was writhing,
rising up, her cries animal like, hoarse, agonized.  I kept pushing until I was
all the way in-the feeling of her ass clenching down on me, her hips bucking
frantically.  I started to thrust, as hard as I could, driving into her,
slamming her forward.  I was fucking her ass so hard she was grunting, gasping
with the force of my thrusts.  Did I like it?  Yeah, I did.  Did I get off?  You
bet, filled her bleeding ass with my jizz.  That doesn't mean I had any
choice-she got off, too, remember?  Does that mean she raped me?  If getting off
is the test, why isn't SHE up on charges, too?

Look, I'm not denying that what happened to her, to us, was horrible.  It was. 
I'm not saying she wasn't raped.  She was.  I'm saying I'm as much a victim here
as she is. 

I really did think they'd leave after that-after all, everyone got off, even
her.  But it didn't turn out that way, as you know.   It went on all day, all
night-just using her mouth to get hard, then fucking her over and over.  Tying
her in different positions for new pictures, coating her in our spunk.  Yeah, I
said our.  What was I supposed to do?   I was going along, trying to stay alive. 
She passed out at one point-I was in her ass, Redneck in her pussy, and one of
the black guys in her mouth.  I'd never done that before, you know?  What? 
Yeah, if felt good-I could feel his dick on the other side, moving in and out as
I did.  It was like a contest-who could  fuck her harder, shake her more. 

By the time she woke up-I'm sorry, I don't mean to laugh.  By the time she woke
up, her face was so stiff and crusty with our cum that she couldn't open her
eyes.  They were stuck shut.  Her lips were cracked and bleeding, her ass and
pussy torn, pink tinged cum leaking from both holes.  We strung her between
trees, we hung her up like meat on a hook.  Even hung her upside down, one in
her ass, one in her cunt, and one on the ground, fucking up into her mouth.  You
saw the pictures.  Don't tell me you weren't just a little turned on.

It was morning when we were done.  She was totally limp, spent.  So abused, so
totally used that she had nothing left in her.  And I felt bad, I still do.  But
you know what, she's still alive, and that's because of ME.  I kept her alive. 
Better fucked than dead, right?   They left, and I untied her.  She moaned, so
soft.  It was so sexy.  I was very gentle, pulled her lip down, opened her
mouth, and put my cock in one last time.  And she didn't fight me a bit, she
just whimpered and took me into her throat, didn't even try to push me out.  And
she drank down every drop, didn't even try to spit my jizz out.  How is that
rape?  She didn't say no.  The rape was over, this was just-it just was.  I
wasn't thinking straight, I'd been through something terrible, too. 

It's not my fault.  None of it is.  It's her fault, it's their fault.  I'm the
victim here, got it?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





