BDSM Library - Bush's Law




Bush's Law
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: President Bush gets law passed to bring back corporal punishment to help solve the juvenile delinquency problem.
                              THE BUSH LAW

As the Afghan war began to settle down two things happened a fifteen year old
boy flew a light plane into a building and there was a new school shooting.

Bush decided that in order to keep his hig popularity rating to insure
re-election he should turn to domestic issues especially the juvenile
delinquency problem.

He had always believed juvenile delinquency increased after corporal punishment
had been stOpped at schools and parents had been stopped from spanking in fear
of charges of child abuse. He ordered his staFF to dig up all the statistics and
other proof to prove his theory.

It wasn't hard to show an increase of juvenile delinquency especially if you
ignored the other factors of broken homes, lack of jobs etcetera.

He had a news conference to present all his evidence that school punishment
should resume and that no parent should be investigated for child abuse unless
the child needed medical attention.

Naturally Fox news who had always promoted Bush jumped on the band wagon citing
additional statistics and interviewing people who agreed. The only people they
interviewed who were against it were people they could ridicule.

Srom thurmond introduced the bill as his last act before leaving office citing
support from religeous schools who had lamented their loss of punishment the
kids would be impressed by. Liberals tried to fight it citing psychological
damage but that was largely shot down with more statistics showing more kids
were being treated for psychological problems after corporal punishment ceased.

Since the general population could not understand the statisticians who tried to
explain that the statistics  werE skewed the plan got popular support bolstered
by the media citing how their polls showed eighty percent or more of the people
were for it.

Even my own parents were in favor of it. This surprised me since in all my
sixteen years they had never even threatened me with a spanking.

I asked them how they could want to have some poor kid be beaten and Mom said,
"Maybe if we had spanked you. You wouldn't be such a smartass now and be more
help around the house."

I knew what she was talking about she was always bitching about my messy room
and unmade bed. I thought it was a colossal waste of time to make my bed in
between sheet changes since I would just mess it up again when I went to bed.
Sometimes she would get pissed enough to have me skip dinner and stay in my
room. Big fucking deal. I had my TV and computer and gobs of junk food
squirreled away.

Dad said,"Yeah and you wouldn't be running around in those half shirts showing
off your belly button."

I said,"Shit Dad. Get with it. This is 2002 not the fifties all the girls dress
like this."

"You better hope that law isn't passed because if it is the next time you talk
to me like that you will be spanked."

I just laughed and said,"Yeah. Right Dad." which seemed to piss him off more.

I went down to the mall to join the other kids to talk and do a little
shoplifting. We knew if we got caught the store would just take the stuff back
and give us a lecture.

We got to talking about the new law but Kelly reminded me that even when the
schools had spanked it was just grade school kids except for the Catholic
schools. We weren't Catholic and were too old to be spanked since we were fully
developed which would make it a sexual thing.

I laughed and said,"It would be. The way my math teacher looks at my butt his
dick would burst out of his pants if he saw me spanked."

The damn law passed. Naturally the first people spanked were kids in East Los
Angeles and we agreed they probably deserved it but we were in a small town and
so far our school had not mentioned it.

Then about a week later a big notice was put on the bulletin board. It said:

                            NOTICE

"After a lot of discussion with the school board, the parents, the police and
the mayors office we have decided that Midvale's schools will totally abide with
the new law. As you may have read in the newspapers or heard on TV the
punishments will be carried out on bare skin. All research indicate the
embarrassment this will cause is an additional incentive for students to follow
the rules.For the time being the following transgressions with punishment for
same will be enforced. Changes may be made later.

1. Tardiness five strokes
2. failure to follow dress code ten strokes.
3. Graffitti  fifteen strokes
4. unexcused absence from class. twenty strokes
5 talking back to teachers twenty five strokes
6. Fighting  thirty strokes.
7 cheating thirty five strokes.
8 stealing or damaging school property forty strokes.

Similar offenses will receive the same penalty. Yo will receive a copy of this
notice in your first clas to avoid the excuse of ignorance.

                             Mr. Martin.

Mr Martin was our principal. He was old and no doubt had been teaching when kids
were spanked.We kids generally agreed some of the things were bad but tardiness
and the dress code thing was ridiculous.

Sometimes you had to go to the toilet just before class which would make you a
few minutes late and the dress code said no bare midriff but with hip hugger
pants you couldn't lift your arms witout showing a little belly and it seemed
especially ridiculous to worry about showing a belly button when they were going
to bare kid's asses.

As if that wasn't bad enough at noon we saw something had been added to the
trophy case. A skinny bamboo cane that had a tag saying for up to ten strokes,
Then a leather strap that said fifteen to twenty finally a whip with five
leather thongs to be used from twenty up. All of them looked brutal Which
frightened us enough to resolve to be careful.

Then some boys reported they were making a pillory in shop class. It had a big
hole in the middle for your neck and two smaller holes for your wrists. An upper
board raised on a hinge at the end then the victim would put his/her neck and
wrists in it then the uppr board wouold be closed and latched to make the victim
helpless. There were cuffs for ankles made from dog collars and the neck thingy
could be raised or lowered to get the victim bent over enough to get their butt
to stick out. The damn boys were proud of it saying they were making two in case
more than one person needed punishment and also were making wrist cuffs
attatched to a chain so one could be stretched upwards for the flogger. That was
the name for that five tailed whip.

The bad part was the damn pillories with the chain with cuffs hanging ominously
between them were in full view at all the gym classes. Most of us were horrified
but weirdly some girls went up on stage  to be put in the pillory giggling as if
it was fun. One girl let herself be hung from the chain. She said,"I know that
flogger would hurt but the stretch actually feels good."

Her girlfriend giggled and said,"It makes your body look great too. Your tummy
and waist has shrunk."

It did too. Her t-shirt came up above her belly button over her shorts and her
belly was flat as a board.

The girl in the pillory had her girlfriend buckle her ankles ad lower the board
until her head was at the level of her knees.

My girlfriend  Kelly,looked at her shocked and said,"No fucking way. Look at
her.Even with her shorts on you can see her pussy pooching out between her legs.
That is obscene. I am going to start a campaign to stop this shit!"

I understood. Kelly was real bashful. She always wore her towel until the last
minute for the shower after gym class and wrapped it around her again after a
quick shower even though it was just girls there. Even swimming while most of us
wore teeny bikinis she wore a one piece suit that covered all of her butt.

At the end of class on the way out I saw Kelly had nailed a big poster on the
wall of the hall and was having kids sign a petition and was telling everyone
that this was more than punishment.It was an obscene show that would excite
people and that they should convince their parents to call or write the school
board. I signed the petition although most of the kids seemed reluctant to be a
part of the protest.

Suddenly a teacher appeared out of nowhere and ripped off the poster and grabbed
her wrist saying,"You are going to the principals office!"

She was dragged down the hall as she cried,"Why? Why are you doing this?"

I wondered why too.We had made a lot of protests about one thing or another and
nothing had been said about it before. I waited around for her.

In about tem minutes she came out crying. She blubbered, "Oh Angel they are
going to beat me!"

I hugged her and said,"Why?"

She blubbered, "They said I defaced school property with the nails but they would
give me a break and call it graffitti but I still get fifteen."

"That is ridiculous.We have hung a lot of posters in the hall."

She sniffled,"I know but we always used tape. I couldn't find any tape so I had
a boy in shop give me a hammer and nails. They just made little holes I didn't
know that was defacing."

I said,"Well the janitor will have to fill the holes and touch up the paint so
maybe you are lucky to only get fifteen."

She sobbed, "It isn't the number of strokes. I offered to take thirty if he
would just leave my panties on but he said I was just proving being bare added
to the punishment."

I agreed the panties would have helped.As far as I knew she was the only girl in
school that wore granny panties

I tried to help saying, They won't do it until six PM Friday so your parents can
witness it. By that time all the kids will be home and won't come back to see
it. I'll come but just because you are my friend."

She said,"Thank you Angel. I need all the support I can get."

I felt a little guilty. I had never seen a spanking and my morbid curiosity
would not have let me miss it even though I felt sorry for her.

The next day during lunch we went to the gym. Boys were setting up big mirrors
in a V shape. Kelly said horrified,"God Angel, that is just mean. The mirrors
will let everyone see the pain and tears on my face."

I said,"Yeah and every inch of your body."

She moaned and ran out of the room.

The next morning she came to me crying and handed me the newspaper sobbing,
"Look."

I took it from her. News had been slow but this was ridiculous. There was a
front page story saying the first student in town was going to receive a caning
foe willful graffotti. Worse they had taken a picture from our yearbook to put
with the story and it was not just the head shot it was a candid picture the
photograpy club took for activities.She was playing soccer on a hot day and her
t-shirt and shorts were pasted to her body giving anyone a good guess as to how
she would look nude. Even worse they gave the date time and place saying if
anyone should want to witness it they would be welcome.

Kelly sobbed, "It was bad enough to have my fellow students see me. Now the
whole damn town will watch."

I tried to comfort her by saying,"Hardly the whole town. I don't think too many
people would want to see you suffer."

She said doubtfully, "Maybe. I have become resigned to it. I talked to my
parents and they told me it would not have happened if I had just been quiet so
I guess I deserve it. Mom isn't going to watch since she doesn't want to see me
hurt. Maybe a lot of other people will feel the same way."

Friday came and I walked to Kelly's house to ride to school with her Dad and her
for moral support. When we got to the school the coach took her hand and led her
back to the girl's locker room. It was only five-thirty but the gym was already
filling up. Men women and kids all looked excited. It seemed the spectacle was
"R" rated because there weren't any kids under fifteen. The bleachers had been
pulled out but soon they were full and people started sitting on the floor of
the gym. Finally it was so packed The principal and teachers had to turn people
away since the gym was at full capacity under the fire laws. They grumbled and
would be there earlier next time.

Promptly at six the coach and Kelly appeared in the door. Kelly looked at the
crowd and cringed and blushed. I had assumed they would just pull up her skirt
and pull down her panties but she was wearing one of those hospital smocks that
was held together at the back with three ribbons tied in bows. I had worn one
once at a doctor's office and remembered I had to hold it closed with my hand to
keep from flashing my butt.  she didn't have that advantage since her hands were
handcuffed in front of her and the coach was leading her with the chain between
them.

When she went up the steps to the stage each step flashed a butt cheek.I looked
around and people were staring in rapt attention. he led her to the pillory then
pulled her legs open to buckle the ankles to the base of it. That opened the
smock enough to show her butt crack but mothing else since she was still
standing straight.

He took off the handcuffs and pushed her head into the half circle in the middle
then placed her wrists  in the smaller half crcle on each side. He brought the
top board down and now her hands and head were trapped.

He went to a crank on the side of the pillory and began to turn it. The boards
lowered bringing her hands and head down with it.As she bent the smock opened
and her pussy started coming in to view. He kept lowering it until her head was
at her knees. Now you could see from her pubic bone to her tailbone. Some people
applauded and I realized this was more of an entertainment event rather than
just witnessing punishment.

Her face in the mirror looked totally miserable when she heard the applause
knowing she was exposed.

Even that was not enough. Coach undid the ribbons letting the smock hang from
her shoulders now showing the pretty round breasts with the small pink
nipples.He took the smock and wound it around her neck. Now from in back and in
the mirrors you could see all of her. She stood there shuddering in shame.

He picked the cane from the floor and brought it behind his head to hit across
both butt cheeks in the roundest part. She screamed and began struggling in a
kind of dance of pain that made her breasts swing and her pussy lips to wink.
This brought more applause and she must have realised they liked the dance
because she stopped it to stand there rigid with an angry red line across her
cheeks.

He hit her again a little lower to cause another scream but and red line but 
she managed to keep from dancing. I heard a groan of disappointment from the
audience.

He hit her extra hard right in the crease at the junction of her ass to her
thighs. This brought an agonized scream and she danced frantically  making her
tits jerk and the pussy that may have been hit wink and squirm. The audience
cheered and the coach smmiled and waved as if he had made a score.

He let her settle down and I realised he was making this last as long as
possible.

He hit the crease twice more since it made her dance so much and the red line
became a real dark red I knew would be a nasty bruise.

They confirmed they were going to make it last when the coach stopped after the
fifth to give the cane to the principal. He would tease her by rubbing the cane
across her cheeks and the crease before hitting to make the scream. By that time
all her inhibitions were buried in the pain and she danced and squatted and
twisted after each one. They just stood there smiling until she calmed down.

The cane was given to her homeroom teacher. Someone in the crowd yelled,"Hit the
crease!"

Kelly moaned, "No. Not there!"

He ignored her and hit right in the crease in the already marron skin. She
howled like a wounded dog and thrashed around as much as her bonds would allow.

Then someone yelled,"Hit her inner thigh."

He moved from her side to her rear and brought the cane down so close to her
pussy the lips jumped. That must have hurt awful because her breath was taken to
allow just a gasp as she again struggled and squatted to make the lips open.

The same voice yelled,"Hit the other side."

Kelly yelled "No! God no!"

He ignored her and hit the other inner thigh this time grazing her pussy. She
screamed and this time took a long time to settle down. The crowd was cheering
and her teacher smiled and waved.

That was so successful he made the last two hit the same places and poor Kelly 
struggled and cried hysterically  while the coach released her legs. She
immediately snapped them together and began rubbing her thighs together. I
couldn't help but think what she was doing was my subtle form of masturbation
while watching a sexy movie in the dark.

When the board was raised I assumed they would put the smock back on but the
coach raised her arms to pull the smock off her then put on her handcuffs to
lead her back and forth at the front of the stage so everyone could have a good
look at her naked body shuddering from her sobs.

Finally she was led to the locker room. I heard her make squeals and realised
people were touching her as she walked by.

end part one.




                          Bush's Law 2

The coach left her in the locker room to come out to receive cheers from the
audience. I decided to go in there to see if she needed help dressing.

When she saw me she ran to me to hug me saying,"Oh God Angel. It was even worse
than I thought."

I felt embarrassed being hugged by a naked girl but I knew she needed consoling
so I hugged her back feeling her soft breasts mashed into mine.

Her whole body felt hot and sweaty from all her exertions even her breasts began
warming mine. I have never had any lesbian tendencies but she felt so soft and
warm I carressed the welts on her butt. She murmured that feels good. Let's get
home so I can rub them a lot."

She said her butt was too sore for panties so we just put on her skirt. When I
helped her put on the bra she said,"That is weird. My boobs have swollen. The
bra is uncomfortable. She took it off and just put on her t-shirt.

She told me to check to see if everyone had gone so I looked out the door. I
just saw her Dad and the coach and principal. Strangely her Dad was smiling at
them."

I told her everyone had left and took her hand after following her request to
stuff her panties and bra into my panties so no-one would know she was not
wearing them.

She didn't fool anyone. Her nipples poked out the shirt and jiggled as she
walked. The principal said,"You will be good now. Won't you."

She said,"Yes. I never want to go through that again."

On the way home she was too sore to sit so she laid on her tummy on the back
seat with her head in my lap. She whispered, "Would you rub me a little."

I said, "Okay."

She lifted up and pulled her skirt up to her waist then laid back down. I
whispered, "I can hardly believe a girl who wears granny panties is bare assed
in a car downtown in stretlights."

She whispered back,"What difference does it make. The whole town has seen me
naked."

I carressed the welts gently while she moaned,"That feels so good. Do the inner
thighs. They are really sore."

I carressed them feeling strange to be carressing another girl so close to her
crotch but she was so soft and warm it seemed nice and also weirdly carressing
her made it seem almost like carressing myself.

She began to moan in pleasure while she rubbed her chin against my crotch.Even
though as I said I had never considered having sex with a girl carressing her
and hearing her moans of pleasure while her chin rubbed my crotch was really
turning me on.

She moaned, "Higher."

I brought my hand closer to her pussy in fact so close the edge of my hand was
rubbing it. I felt my hand getting wet and realised this was not just helping
the hurts it was turning her on.

She lifted her head from my lap and whispered,"Thank you.This is making the pain
go away."

Without warning she pulled up my skirt and kissed my thigh.I didn't know what to
do. I could hardly believe I was rubbing her pussy and she was kissing my thigh
with her Dad in the front seat so close to us.

I felt embarrassed and opened my legs to get her lips off my thigh but she
misinterpreted my move and put her lips on my pussy covered only with thin
panties and began nibbling it. I felt like shocks run through my body and wanted
her to stop but it felt so good.

Her Dad said something. In a kind of daze I said,"What?"

Her Dad said, "I said maybe I should stop at the drugstore to see if they have
anything to put on her welts."

"Oh yeah. Good idea."

When we pulled into the brightly lighted mall I had an excuse to pull down my
skirt and hers feeling confused at my reactions. I even went into the store with
him because I was afraid I would continue what I was doing and probably be
caught doing it.

The pharmacist recommended a cream that was supposed to be good for rashes and
burns that contained a pain killer so he bought a couple of tubes of it.

When we went back I sat in the front seat with him in spite of her
plaintive,"Aren't you going to sit with me?"

When we started driving again he said,"This isn't her first spanking. Up to she
was about eleven we would have her take off her clothes and lean over the table
for eight or ten swats with my belt. It wsn't brutal or anything. It justed
turned her butt red and she didn't seem to mind much. But then we did something
that changed her whole personality. She spilled pop on some work I had brought
home and it made me so mad I had her take off her clothes and gave her a lot
more severe spanking that I had before. Unfortunately my brother and his wife
and their nine year old boy were there. From then on she dressed real
conservatively and would do anything to avoid another spanking.

That explained a lot. I said,"God. Didn't you realise she was entering puberty
and would be self conscious about her changing body?"

"No. To us she was just our little girl. She needs consoling.Could you stay
overnight with us."

I had mixed feelings. She was my friend and I should but I was afraid we may
have sex and more afraid I would want to. I said,"Yes if it is alright with my
parents."

I said "What were you talking about with the coach and principal. I saw you
smiling."

"We were amazed by the huge crowd that came. the coach said that they could make
more money off this than sports. I agreed and said my firm could handle the
publicity. I have a new client.

"God isn't that a form of prostitution?"

"No there is no sex involved. In the old days people paid for front row seats at
whippings or executions."

I said,"That is sick."

He just said,"Maybe but it is human nature. Don't try to be pure. I saw you were
excited seeing Kelly spanked.'

There was nothing I couold say since it was true.

As soon as we got to their house he called my folks who agreed I should stay.

She said "Lets go to my room. I want to see if the cream works."

We wnt up and as soon as she closed the door she took off the skirt and went
over to look at herself in the mirror. Her butt and thighs were now a darker red
and she was sure to have bruises. She turned to me rubbing her inner thighs with
her thumbs moving the lips of her pussy while she said,"My ass hurts but my
thighs are what is really sore. Do you know who yelled at him to hit my thighs?"

I said, "No" staring almost hypnotically at her lips squirming together under
her thumbs.

"I do. It was our neighbor. I will never be able to look at him again without
remembering that damn cane cutting in to my thighs. Let's put on the cream. I'll
lie across your lap so you better take off your clothes to keep from getting
greasy. I didn't have anything else to wear so I took off my skirt then after a
brief hesitation took off my blouse too.

I sat on the bed and she crawled over my bare legs. She felt real warm and soft.
To keep my mind off that I decided to talk. "Was it as awful as it looked?"

"Weirdly I really dreaded being hit but I think the humiliation was worse. The
coach took me into the dressing room and made me take off all my clothes while
he watched or he would do it.I dreaded being naked and took off my blouse and
skirt real slow but then when I slowly slid my bra off my breasts he said,"Yeah
baby nice and slow. Tease me."  I realised the bastard was enjoying the slow
baring so I defiantly ripped off my panties in one fast move then kicked them at
him. He came to me and felt my butt and thighs saying,"Nice and full.They will
take a lot of punishment. I was blushing to my toes. I was so grateful when he
handed me the smock and tied it up behind me but then he put on the handcuffs.
That made me feel horribly defenseless. The real shock was when we went out the
door and I saw all those people. None of them felt sorry for me. The boys were
grinning and staring and everybody, even you looked excited."

I felt bad about that because it was true. I said,"You have to remember this was
a brand new experience. I don't think any of us expected you to be hurt so much.
You can't blame the boys. They had never seen more of you than your lower legs.
This was the opportunity of a lifetime."

"Yes but you would think the girls would understand and feel sorry for me."

"Well you have always been uptight. Maybe they were curious."

"Yeah maybe if I had worn the eentsie bikinis you girls wore it wouldn't have
been a big deal."

"Maybe."

I was still rubbing her butt cheeks.She said,"Rub the thighs. That is what
really hurts."

I rubbed the marks furthest from her pussy but soon she said,"Higher." she
opened her legs and raised her butt. Her tight little pussy only covered by
sparse blonde hair hid nothing. I began rubbing at the crease which had the
angriest marks fascinated by the way my hands were making her pussy lips rub on
each other. I felt myself getting wet because I was doing to her what I did to
myself when I masturbated.

Then she said,"Let me change position so you can rub up and down on my butt and
thighs."

She got off me and kneeled between my legs. She grabbed my butt and slid me
toward her until her lips were on my belly button saying."Okay you should be
able to rub from the crease up."

I began to rub with my thumbs rubbing her pussy and into her ass crack. She
sighed,"That feels good."

She began kissing my bellybutton then her hands pulled the waistband of my
panties down a bit to kiss lower. I knew this was wrong and I should stop her
but it felt so good.

She kind of humped up and her tongue slipped into the op of my slit right on my
clitoris. There was no more pretense. I let my fingers go into her pussy and
lifted my butt so she could pull my panties down lower.  Her tongue went in
deeper and wiggled then she slid her hands under my bra to squeeze my nipples.
In all my years of masturbation I had never been so turned on.

She stood up and pulled me to my feet where she pulled off my bra and knelt to
slide my panties down to my feet so I could step out of them. When they were off
she planted a big wet french kiss right into my pussy. I thought I may explode.

She pushed me back down on the bed and went to my head. She kissed my cheeks and
eyes and lips then my neck and then my breasts. Her breasts were right over my
face so I took them in my hands and when she kissed my nipples I kissed her then
sucked on them like she was doing. She began kissing down my tummy so I did hers
with her pussy coming closer and closer to my mouth. I wondered if it would
taste bad. Her tongue dove into my slit and my tongue went into hers. She didn't
taste bad I thought inanely this must be what it is like to kiss the big lips of
a black man. If you think about it. the scene was really obscene. We were
licking and slurping on each other like rutting dogs with our juices soaking our
cheeks. Even if I had thought about it I don't think I would have cared since I
was brought to the strongest orgasm of my life followed by another. Her little
sighs and shudders let me know she was having them too.

We were all sweaty so we decided to take a shower. As we were gently washing
each other I asked,"Does this make us lesbians?"

She said,"I don't think so. I like boys."

I said,"Me too but I have never slept with one so I have no way to compare."

"Well now that they have all seen me naked I may as well go all the way.Are you
with me."

"Yeah . My doctor says I don't have a hymen so I don't have to worry about
losing that.

We went back to bed but I guess we were feeling guilty or something because she
put on a cotton nightie and gave me one.

Before we went to sleep she said,"I am going to tell you something you must
promise never to tell anyone else. Okay?"

"Okay I promise."

"Well after five or six of  the pain caused by the cane I kind of blanked out.
It didn't hurt as bad and I didn't really need to dance around so much. I did it
because of the applause and ceers. I felt like a rock star. Is that weird or
not?"

"I don't know. It sounds weird but I have never been spanked. Maybe it is
normal."

"Well you are a cheerleader. You must get a little rush at the cheers."

She was right and I tried to increase the cheers by loosening my bra so my boobs
could move and pulled my tights up into my asscrack knowing people would think
it was just caused by the splits and things.I said,"Yeah I guess you are right."

"Well just imagine all the people cheering just for you."

She had hit on one of my favorite fantasies to masturbate with. I had imagined
the football team had taken me out to the middle of the field and stripped me in
front of the crowd then pulled me along the sidelines to let people feel me. It
struck me the fantasy had happened to her when the coach led her back to the
locker room naked.

I said,"Yeah this is strange. Remember when the coach led you back to the locker
room and people reached out to touch you?"

"I'll never forget."

Well that is my fantasy except it is at a football game and the players lead me
all around the sidelines."

"Wow. Maybe you should go for a spanking.

"No way. Being stripped may excite me but I don't want to be hurt. I bawl if I
get a sliver."

She yawned,"It isn't the same."

I thought maybe not but remembering the way that cane had dug into her butt to
leave a welt convinced me I was right."

We went to sleep.

In the morning I got up to get dressed but Kelly said, "Wear the nightie to
breakfast. Dad loves watching Mom walk around in her nightie with her boobs
swaying. He will like you even more."

The idea appealed to me and I giggled. I didn't even object when she unbuttoned
three buttons to let it show a lot of cleavage.  I went over to the mirror to
pose. I found when I bent over I could see almost to the nipples and at the back
the bottom quarter of my butt cheeks showed. I knew I could make those poses and
still seem innocent.

Kelly said, "Watch the front of his pants and see a bulge grow."

I was real helpful at breakfast. When her Mom spilled a little pancake batter I
bent over to wipe it up knowing practically my whole butt was shown to him and
anytime his coffee cup got low I would lean over to refill it smiling at his
eyes glued to my breasts. Sure enough a bulge grew and he must have been huge
considering the tent it made.

He went to the bathroom and Kelly giggled,"He is in there a long time to pee."

Her Mom said,"You girls shold be ashamed. Poor Tom hasn't been able to make love
to me for a week because of my yeast infection and he is really horny."

She was smiling though so I knew she wasn't really mad.

My clothes were still clean so we dressed and  I went home.

end part two




                        BUSH'S LAW 3

Kelly was not anxious to get to school on Monday fearing she wold be taunted
about the spanking.

It was not that way at all. Guys told her that she was beautiful and brave and
girls wanted details of the experience. Kelly at their urging went to the
bathroom and took off her skirt to show them the purple stripes. I noticed she
was not wearing panties.She explained her crotch was still too sore to wear them
but I doubted that.

She was like a celebrity. A girl asked her if it hurt horribly and when Kelly
said it did the girl said,"It must have been kind of thrilling though to have
all the people cheering and applauding."

Kelly lied saying,"I hurt too much to notice the crowd."

Another girl said,"I would have been thrilled. I wouldn't have to feel guilty if
I was forced to get naked."

She was even interviewed by the paper and TV. We were kind of jealous of her
fame. She was even mentioned on CNN Since only boys had been punished before
her. There was a double standard. The boys were allowed to keep their underpants
on. The excuse was that their privates were vulnerable to bad injury and need to
be confined but I think the real reason was that the people making the rules
were men Also with their dicks covered pictures could be shown in the paper of
the spankings although it was decided it was not suitable for TV because of
young children.

The punishment must have scared kids though because the media made a big deal
out of the lack of graffitti and fighting. Even shoplifting had stopped when
that was added as an offense.

The girls in school remained fascinated by Kelly so everyday she showed herself
in the girls room to show how she was healing.

A little later Kelly came over to me grinning and said,"Guess what?"

"What."

"I went down to the furnace room with the team captain and our quarter back to
show them my bruise by taking off my dress."

"Taking off your dress? All you had to do was lift the skirt."

"I know but I wanted too. I am not wwearing a bra. Remember I said they had
swollen? They are still big."

I said,"They are just growing. Your Mom has huge boobs."

"Maybe but anyway the gyys said they were beautiful and also I was beautiful all
over."

"That must have been thrilling and made you feel good."

"Uh huh and there is more. The quarterback said after the cane a hand spanking
would probably be nothing. I agreed and they asked me if they could give me a
few hand spanks.  The idea thrilled me and I said okay. they just gave me two on
each cheek. It stung a little but it turned me on."

I said,"You are shitting me."

"Come to the bathroom. I'll show you."

At the bathroom she lifted her skirt, Her buns were a little red like a slight
sunburn."

I said,"That couldn't have hurt much."

"I told you it didn't. More news we have dates for Saturday night. Don's parents
are going out of town so he has the house to himself. He will rent movies and
get beer.We may get laid,"

I said,"I don't know. We could get pregnant."

No problem I stole Mom's birth control pils. Here are enough to get you past
Saturday. Take one now because they take a few days to kick in."

That was my only worry.There are virtually no STDs in our town except a few
scumbags no-one would touch anyway.

The next day I heard two of the girls who had said a spanking may be thrilling
talking loud in the hall. Cheryl said, "I dare you." Jan said," I double dare
you."

Cheryl saw a teacher coming down the hall and punched Jan right in the stomach.
Jan bent over in pain then hit back right on Cheryl's boob. The teacher ran to
them and pulled them apart then began dragging them to the principal's office by
their hair as they yipped and cried.

I saw them at lunch giggling as they talked to each other. I went over to them
and said,"What happened?"

Jan said,"We did it Angel. We are going to be more famous than Kelly."

I said,"Are you crazy? Fighting gets you thirty strokes with that nasty whip."

Cheryl said,"It won't be that bad.We got some leather and braided a whip like
the one in the case.We hit each other and it stings but not too bad. I'll bet we
will really get a crowd and will have tons of dates.We heard you guys have dates
with the coolest guys in school."

I said,"God.If you wanted dates all you had to do was let guys know you are
willing to get laid."

Jan said,"It isn't just that.Didn't you see all the attention Kelly got? I
wouldn't be surprised if she was contacted for a movie or something."

"Yeah right! You are just going to be famous here. This is going on all over the
country.So many CNN isn't even mentioning names anymore. They just report the
numbers."

"Well we may be special enough to report.Besides being the most famous girls in
town is pretty good."

"Maybe but won't it be embarrassing to be naked and whipped."

Jan said "God no! It will be exciting. Cheryl said,"Yeah!"

I could hardly believe them. I am not bashful. I wear the tiniest bikini bathing
suit that is legal but at least my pussy and nipples are covered.

I went to talk to some other girls telling them what Jan and Cheryl said. Some
like me thought they were crazy but some girls said wistfully that they wished
they had that much courage.

I walked home with Kelly. She said,"I guess my fifteen minutes of fame are over
but at least I was the first."

I said,"Yeah they will never forget you."

Actually I wasn't so sure. Jan and Cheryl had bigger boobs and they wold get
whipped all over not just the butt like Kelly.

We went into her house, her Dad was working at his desk. I went over to him and
asked,"Do you know two girls are going to be whipped."

"Yeah the principal called me. It is going to be a big deal. I have already
called the radio stations, TV, and the newspaper. I am going to take pictures
for them and arrange interviews. I need you girls to go to the store with me to
buy a couple of swim suits for the pictures. I'll buy your dinners."

Dinner didn't take long since we just wanted burgers so we were at the store in
a few minutes. We were about the same size as Jan and Cheryl except they were
taller which made no difference in bikinis and Kelly's boobs were a little
smaller but we could solve that by having her bra loose.

Kelly and I picked out the skimpiest suits we could find as directed. It was a
real nice store with a real dressing room instead of little cubicles. To my
surprise Tom followed us into the dressing room.

I said,"You can't be in here."

He said, "I think it is best. It will embarrass you to go out into the store
with all the customers out there besides I have seen Kelly naked and you
almost."

I blushed and said,"I had a nightie on."

He grinned and said, "Between pouring coffee and wiping up pancake batter I saw
all you have."

I couldn't argue with that since I had deliberately teased him. I turned my back
to him and stripped along with Kelly.It didn't take long we were only wearing
dresses,bras and panties. I grabbed a suit and put it on as fast as I could
blushing all the time. However, When I turned around and he gushed about how
beautiful I was my shame turned to pride.We put on five different suits and by
the third I didn't bother to turn around since each new suit brought more
compliments. He finally decided on a couple of suits and had us put them back on
to make sure.

He had me come over to him and tucked some of the bottom of the suit into my
asscrack then turned me around to fold down the top of the bra. It was probably
innocent but feeling the back of his fingers on my boobs turned me on. I think
it did him too because the bulge was back. He was cool just saying calmly,"Yes.
The little tuck should look good on them.

The next morning Jan and Cheryl ran up to us. Jan said, "Your Dad called us. He
is going to take pictures of us.He said we would be on TV and the newspapers.
This is so exciting."

They ran off to tell other friends. We didn't see the photo shoot because Tom
got them out of class for it. We did see the TV truck and I guess the newspaper
reporter was there too.

Tom told us he took a whole roll of pix and didn't know which they would use.
They were on the six oclock news. Somehow I was not surprised they used a
picture of them with their arms stretched high above them. I saw Tom had folded
the tops of their suits down almost to their nipples. The reporter asked really
stupid questions like will you be embarrassed and are you afraid of the pain?
The answers were obvious. Jan was irritated enough to say, "How would you feel?"

The newspaper the next morning used the same pictures except added the back view
with the suits pushed up into their asscracks. The reporter had asked the same
dumb questions and then went on about what a wonderful program this was since it
would no doubt stop the violence of fighting in the schools. He had also done an
informal survey and found parents in general were all for the new law and had
begun spanking their kids at home.

Mom must have dwelled on that part because when I got home that afternoon. She
bitched, "The covers are clear off your bed and it was so messy I almost
stumbled over your things. How many times have I told you to keep your room
neat?"

I said,"I don't have a clue. You are like a broken record.Why don't you just
tape your lecture and save your voice."

Always before she just grumbled and walked off when I smartmouthed her but this
time she got pissed.

She yelled,"Jim did you hear her?"

Dad said, "Yes. It is time to lift up her skirt and give her a good paddling."

I said,"You can't lift my skirt! That is too embarrassing.If I have to get
spanked you can do it over my skirt."

Dad said, "Well if showing her panties embarrasses her let's really do it by
having her get naked."

Mom said,"Good idea."

I yelled, "No way." and headed for the door but Dad caught me and dragged me to
the dining room table by my hair.

He said,"Okay. Do you want to take off your clothes or should I do it."

God having my father take off my clothes seemed like some kind of incest. I said
angrily, "I'll do it."

Thinking he might like some kind of striptease I just ripped off my clothes as
fast as I could dropping them on the floor. I stood in front of them stark naked
glaring at them in hate.

Dad said,"My God she has grown.She is beautiful. The last time I saw her naked
she had just bumps for boobs and no pubic hair."

That was weird. I liked the compliment but he had not said you are beautiful he
had said she is beautiful as if I was his horse or dog.

Mom said, "Yes she is. Look how her butt has rounded and firmed up."

Dad said,"Yeah,like it was made for spanking."

I was angry and said,"Damnit. I am right here. don't talk about me as if I was
deaf."

Dad said,"Christ even while facing pain you continue to be a smartass."

I realized I was being stupid to piss them off even more so I said,"I'm sorry.
How many spanks do I have to take?"

"I haven't decided yet."

Mom said, "Speaking of that I need to find something to spank her."

I said alarmed,"Aren't you just going to use your hand?"

"No Dear. I have no intention of this hurting me as much as you."

I was a little relieved, that seemed to mean that she would be the one to spank
me and being a woman may go easier on me than Dad. Besides Dad doing it would be
more embarrassing.

Dad said," Good idea. I'll go get some old neckties to tie her in place."

That scared me again and I said,"You don't have to tie me. I will stay in
place."

Dad said,"Well okay but if you get up we will start over."

I didn't know if I could have that much courage so I said,"Maybe you should tie
me."

Thankfully that left me alone so I could stop blushing while mom slammed drawers
and cupboard doors searching for something to use on me and Dad was in the
bedroom going through ties.

Dad came back and had me bend over the table then tied my weists to the legs.
The soft material would not skin my wrists and it was good to lie down to hide
my breasts. Then he did something that brought my blush back big time. He pulled
my ankles apart to tie them to the table legs. I had been able to hide my pussy
by keeping my thighs clenched together but from seeing Kelly on the pillory I
knew my most private place was in full display.

Mom came back carrying a ping pong paddle.

Dad said, "That should make her yell."

I made up my mind not to give them the satisfaction of yelling or crying even if
they killed me.

Mom stood beside me and swung that damn paddle into my left buttcheek. I had no
idea it would hurt so much but I managed to take it with clenched teeth and a
grunt. She hit the other cheek and it was just as bad but I managed to remain
silent although tears came to my eyes. She kept it up and the new hits on
already sore flesh hurt even more. It was really hard not to cry. Finally she
said,"That is twenty. That should be half way through for your twenty even
though she isn't crying I think she will by the time you are through."

Dad said,"Yeah she has a tough butt.Even though it is red and welted she doesn't
seem impressed."

That is when I realized I had made a mistake staying quiet. I said,"Please no
more. I am really sore."

Mom said,"I know you. You bawl your eyes out at a skinned knee if this is so bad
you would be having a fit."

I began to cry since my butt was stinging awful and felt burnt but since I had
not cried before they thought I was faking it.

Mom said,"Jim, maybe you should hit her inner thighs. That got a big response
from Kelly."

I panicked remembering Kelly saying the thighs were twice as bad as the butt and
cried,"No! Please no. I'll be good."

Mom said,"See it already scares her."

I could hardly believe my own mother could be so mean especially since she had
never hit me before.Then I remembered when I was little taking the training
wheels off my bike in spite of her warning I wasn't ready. I fell in about
twenty feet skinning my knees and chin. She had just said,"I told you." and put
iodine on my hurts that burned awful. I found out later there were a lot of
anti-biotic creams that didn't hurt.

Dad got behind me and brought the spatula down on my inner thigh a few inches
from my crotch.Kelly was right. It was awful and tears burst from my eyes as I
yelled,"No. No!"

He ignored me and backhanded my other thigh which was just as bad. I screamed
and struggled. Dad said,"You were right Hon.She would be dancing if I didn't
have her tied so tight."

He hit them eighteen more times some so close to my pussy I was sure the next
would hit it. I screamed and struggled with my boobs and belly rubbing on the
table so much it was surprising I didn't get a floor burn.

He said,"Are you going to be obedient now?"

I cried,"Yes. Please no more!"

"We'll see. Ask me to give you two easy ones on your pussy."

That terrified me. I knew my pussy was sensitive since I played with it every
night. I cried,"No. God no!"

He said,"That is not being obedient so I will have to give you four harder
ones."

He brought the paddle up from the floor for four quick ones. It wasn't as hard
as he had hit my thighs but it still stung a lot and I cried hysterically."

He and Mom untied me then he told me to kneel with my hands behind my head. I
realized it was a pose in his last issue of Playboy that made the boobs stick
out.

When I was in the pose obscene as it seemed to me he said,"Now you are learning
to be obedient. Ask me to give you two easy ones to your breasts."

I groaned I knew they were sensitive because I played with them with the hand
not on my pussy but I wasn't stupid. I knew if I refused I would get four.

I said plaintively,"Please give me two on my breasts."

He hit one then the other right on the nipples. It stung but the sting seemed to
envelope all of my boobs to feel weirdly exciting.

Mom grabbed Dad and drug him o their bedroom. I heard the bed creak  and knew my
punishment had excited them. That made me a little angry but I ould understand
since Kelly's punishment had excited me.

I knew we had some of the cream Tom had bought for kelly so I got it and began
caressing on my sore butt and thighs. It stopped the sting and burn and I filled
both hands to rub it on my stinging nipples and pussy. Soon the rubbing excited
me and I had an orgasm.The orgasm seemed stronger than the ones I got from
rubbing on uninjured parts and I knew the spatula had made me super sensitive.

The next morning I was fine except for some bruises on my butt. They were enough
to remind me to make my bed. You should have seen it I got the covers so tight
you could have bounced a coin on them. I picked up all my dirty clothes to take
to the laundry room.

Mom was making breakfast and said,"I see you are picking up your room."

I said,"Yeah it will stay neat after last night."

"How do you feel."

"Okay now. I put somee cream on the burning parts and it helped."

"That's good. Just be good from now on."

I said,"Are you sure you want me to be good? I know punishing me excited you."

She looked embarrassed but admitted, "I didn't know it would affect me that way.
Would you feel better if he spanked me?"

"Yeah, then we would be even."

I guess I owe you one I was the one to tell him to hit your thighs which led to
your pussy and breasts. I know it hurt."

"It sure did. I would love to have you find out how much."

I expected a horrified look from her but strangely she kind of gasped and looked
excited.

I wasn't hungry so I went over to Kelly's. Her Dad was on the phone saying, "We
need a circular stage and bleachers surrounding it.Can you have it ready by
Friday?"

Evidentally they could because he said,"Fine and hung up."

He said,"This is really going to be a production. I have had new uniforms made
for you cheerleaders and you will work up the crowd for Jan and Cheryl's
entrance.

I said,"That's good our old outfits are getting faded."

He said,"These will make you look like the Dallas cheerleaders."

On the way to school I told Kelly my folks had spanked me. She said,"That
doesn't surprise me. My folks have threatened me with one at any excuse and I
knew your Mom was pissed about your room. Do you have any marks?"

I said I had some bruises and she said that we would look at them when we got to
school.

When we got to school we went into one of the toilet cubicles and I held up my
skirt while she pulled down my panties.

She said,"Wow. There is one right next to your pussy. I'll kiss it and make it
well."

She didn't just kiss it.She french kissed it. It felt great and I was
disappointed when she stopped saying,"It will be better now." and pulled my
panties back up. I swear I could feel that kiss all day.

End part 3




                                  BUSH LAW PART 4


On Wednesday they announced that Jan and Cheryl's punishment would be put off
until the next Friday since the preparations for it would not be done in time.

I knew what they meant. Tom had guessed at our sizes so all the new cheerleader
uniforms had to be sent back for alteration. I could hardly believe they had
gone from the mid thigh skirts and long sweaters to the new ones. The new ones
just had satin bras that showed bumps at the nipples and barely covered the
breasts. That is why they needed alteration. Tom wanted to show as much boob as
possible without showing the nipples. We were measured so the skirt barely
covered our butts which were bare because of the thong panties. We even got a
new routine. We had these phoney whips with just soft plastic thongs which we
used to hit each other as we paraded around the circular stage that was still
being made. It didn't hurt at all but it was supposed to give the crowd a taste
of what was to come.

Everything was now outside in the football field with the stage under the goal
posts with bleachers all around it kind of like a boxing ring. Tom said they
would have vendors for beer, junk food and binocular rental since on Kelly's 
punishment people complained they could not see the marks very well from further
back.

Jan and Cheryl were disappointed until I reminded them they would have another
week of media frenzy. it really was. The paper and TV began showing old pictures
from encycopedias and stuff of women getting whipped. They blanked out boobs and
butts but everyone could well imagine how they looked under the blanks.
Naturally that was just on late news so kids wouldn't see it.

Then Jan and Cheryl got some really good news. The local cable company would set
it up as a pay per view showing and they would get a percentage of the profit.
The pay per view would cost forty five dollars but that was about the same as a
boxing match and if people shared a TV it would be cheaper than seats which
varied from fifty to ten dollars depending on how close the seat was to the
stage. They would get a piece of that too.

It was time for our Saturday date. Our folks were proud that their daughters had
dates with the captain and quarterback of the team and told us we could stay out
until two AM. Our normal deadline was at eleven.

We were both proud of our flat bellies and great legs so we decided to wear
micro-skirts and half-shirts. Even though we had pretty big boobs we wore push
up bras that didn't quite cover our nipples. We both thought the shirts rubbing
our nipples when we moved felt good.

Don and Mitch picked us up about eight oclock in Don's new SUV the car agency
had loaned him for winning the championship last year. The only thing Don didn't
like about it was he signs painted on the sides saying top winning quarterback
and the agencies name so he provided advertisement for them while he drove
arouund.

As soon as we got in the car he gave us wine coolers while they drank beer. They
tasted like a soft drink so I didn't think I would get drunk. By the second one
we were both a little giddy and feeling loose. I didn't object when Don reached
over to grab my bare thigh to pull me closer to him. When I was close he
carressed my thigh with his warm hand and it felt good.

When we got to his house Don gave us a tour. He said the living room was
misnamed since with the white rug hardly anyone went in there. He showed us the
exercise room which had a stair climber and other stuff like a vaulting horse
and trapeses. They also had a swimming pool. Don said we could come over anytime
to work out and swim. He said jokingly, "Of course if you work out and swim you
will have to do it naked." We both blushed but the idea kind of appealed to me.

He took us to their recreation room which had a big screen TV, a bar, a pool
table and a card table with big comfy chairs.

We watched MTV on te big screen for awhile drinking more and getting looser when
Don said,"This is boring. Let's play cards."

I said ,Okay. Hearts?"

"No I think we should play strip poker."

Kelly and I giggled but we looked at each other and Kelly nodded so I
said,"Okay. How do you play it?"

"You get chips and we play until ten PM. that gives you an hour and a half to
win back losses if any."

"Okay where does the strip come in?"

At the end of the game We pay for the chips we have lost with clothes, or
spanks,or other things."

"So if we don't want to get naked we can take spanks instead?"

"Yeah, but I think you will prefer taking off clothes."

Kelly said,"What are other things?"

"Different sex acts."

Kelly and I giggled because that is what we had hoped for.

I laughed,"Let's play."

Don got cards and Mitch got a carousel of chips. while Don shuffled the cards
Mitch gave us twenty red and blue chips and white and yellow for them.

Mitch said,"We have different colored chips so you can buy back your red or blue
chips with yellow and white ones."

It suddenly dawned on me that I didn't know how to play poker. When I told them,
Kelly said,"Me either."

Don said we will play a simple game called Texas Holdem. In it you get two cards
you keep face down and three cards are dealt face up in the middle of the table.
You use those cards plus yours to make the best hand. Then we bet and a fourth
card is dealt face up all can use.We bet again and the final fifth card is
dealt. One more round of betting and best hand wins."

I asked, "What is a good hand?"

Don said,"Mitch get them a couple of copies of progression of winning hands. He
got us a chart showing best hand of a Royal straight flush, which is
ace,king,queen,jack ten all of the same suit down to one pair as lowest."

Don said the values are based on how hard it is to get them. usually two pair or
three of a kind win."

He dealt one practice hand. It seemed pretty simple except it was going to cost
a lot of chips to see the last card since a bet was two chips and that could be
raised twice by the other players. Don reminded me you could stop anytime by
throwing in your hand.

On the first hand I got an ace and a king so I bet. Everyone called.When the
cards were dealt up,that was called the flop, there were just smaller cards. Don
bet Kelly called and Mitch raised. Since I didn't have a pair I threw in my
cards. The next two cards up were aces. The winning hand was a pair of queens. I
would have won easily.

Fom then on I stayed in longer and sometimes won but I learned there was more to
the game than just having cards. On one hand I had two pair and I bet but when
an ace came out on the fourth card, Don raised and Mitch raised again. I thought
they must have great hands and dropped out. At the end Don laughed as he dragged
in the chips and turned over his hand. He had nothing! He was trying for a flush
but the heart he needed didn't come.

Kelly and I could never figure out when they were bluffing and when not. We kept
getting more chips as I watched them stacking our red and blue chips it began to
be frightening.

Finally Kelly and I started getting lucky but it was too late. Don and Mitch
started trading chips so Don had my red ones and Mitch had Kelly's blue ones. I
had lost a hundred and sixty chips and Kelly had lost a hundred and seventy one
after trading the yellow and white chips we had. We were only wearing
skirts,t-shirts,bras,panties and shoes so there were a lot of chips to pay off
with spanks or sex acts.

They thought it would be fun for both of us to strip at the same time to music.
We had never seen a strip tease but correctly assumed it was just taking clothes
off slowly while dancing.

Don got an album called 9 1/2 weeks and started a song called "You can leave
your hat on." It had a heavy beat that was easy to dance to so we watched each
other slowly taking off our clothes and bumping our hips and waggling our boobs
once the bras were off. We were just drunk enough to enjoy doing it loving the
boys whistles and cheers. When it was over I felt embarrassed to be naked while
they were fully clothed.

They gave us our six chips for the clothes leaving a lot left in their stacks.
They led us to the weight room and Don said, You can buy back your chips at one
chip for a hand spank, two chips with a ping pong paddle, three chips with a
flyswatter, four chips with a leather strap and five chips with the plastic yard
stick."


I was puzzled,"Why does the flyswatter and yardstick pay more? They look like
they would hurt the least."

Don said."That is because they will just be used on your breasts and pussy."

I cringed at that thought and wondered if we could back out.

Kelly said,"Oh wow. That will sting. How much for sex acts?"

"Five chips for a straight fuck, ten chips for a doggy fuck,fifteen chips for a
boob fuck,and twenty chips for a blow job.

I said,"What is a boob fuck?'

In that you hold your boobs together and I fuck the cleavage. The head of my
dick will go in your mouth on thrusts forward."

I said that sounds gross. I'll go for the straight fuck." knowing they would
have to get naked so I wouldn't feel so embarrassed."

Kelly said excitedly,"Me too."

Don laughed and said, "It doesn't work that way. You are spanked, then a sex
act, thn another spanking before the next sex. That gives Mitch and I time to
get excited."

"Oh. I guess I will take ten hand spanks."

Don said,"Only ten? That isn't very brave."

Kelly said,"I'll take twenty."

I said,"I am braver than you I'll take twenty five."

Kelly sneered and said,"Thirty."

It became a contest I said thirty five.

Kelly said, "Forty."

Don laughed and said, "Enough. Forty is about all our hands can take."

They got two straight back chairs and placed them facing each other so they
could see both of us. Yhey sat on them and told us to lie across their legs. I
know it seems strange but this whole thing was turning me on.

They started spanking our butts and it wasn't too bad. Just a sting. Kelly and I
watched each others butts jiggling and getting red and it struck us funny. Kelly
started giggling and so did I.

Mitch said,"They are giggling. We aren't hitting hard enough."

They began hitting harder and the sharper stings stopped the giggles but also my
butt jerking around was making my pussy lips move to excite me.

By the time he finished the forty my whole butt felt hot and my pussy was
soaked. I said,"Please Fuck me."

Kelly said,"Me too."

He laid me down on my back on the floor and jerked off his T-shirt and slid his
pants and shorts down to his ankles in one motion. His dick jerked up like it
was on a spring. He pulled my legs open and crawled between them to begin
feeding his penis into me. I had never put anything in there bigger than my
finger and his dick was a lot bigger than my finger. I was so wet though it slid
in easy and he began to thrust it in and out of me. It felt great and I looked
at Kelly who grinned at me so I grinned back. Unfortunately just as I was
nearing orgasm he jerked out and began shooting his white cum on my stomach.

Don grabed a towel from the weight machine and wiped me off saying,"You didn't
cum. Did you? I was so excited spanking your cute buns I couldn't last long. I
will do better next time."

I said,"It felt good though." He tossed the towel to Mitch who wiped off Kelly's
belly.Kelly said,"Lets take fifty spanks so we can get it over with and just
fuck. Mitch said it was better the second time."

I said "Okay I will if you will."

Don said,"Hold on. Guys aren't like girls.We need a little time to recover so
there is a twenty spank maximum, You guys can pick the next thing to be used
while I get us drinks."

I said,"I don't need to choose. I'll take twenty more hand spanks."

Mitch said, "It doesn't work that way. Each spanking will be with a different
thing."

Kelly and I went over to the table. Kelly said,"I guess the ping pong paddle
isn't bad since it is only worth two chips."

"Bullshit. Mom and Dad used one on me and it is a lot worse than hand spanks."

"Yeah but if we choose the flyswatter they can hit our boobs and pussies."

"That might not be so bad. Dad hit my boobs and pussy with the paddle. Only the
inside of the pussy is real sensitive it doesn't hurt as much there as the inner
thighs and having your boobs hit is kind of exciting. They won't be bruised or
anything with the swatter."

Kelly picked up the leather strap and said," They have oiled it. It is nice and
soft."

"Yeah but being so flexible means every inch of it will sting."

Kelly said,"The yardstick could slip into the slit of our pussies so I guess the
best thing is the flyswatter."

The boys came back and gave us wine coolers. Kelly said,"We have decided on the
flyswatter."

Don said,"Really? You know that will be used on your boobs and pussy."

I said,"Yeah. Five on each boob and ten on the pussy and the fuck after had
better be worth it. I want it doggy style. One of the senior girls said your
dick could go deeper that way.

Kelly said,"Me too."

They took us over to the vaulting horse and had us do a back bend over it. It
was wide and padded so not too uncomfortable. They tied our wrists to the base
of it. Don took Kelly's left leg and pulled it open under my back to tie it to a
weight machine while Mitch pulled her other leg over to another weight machine.
I looked at her pussy while my legs were being pulled open. I began to have
second thoughts. Her pussy was pulled open slightly to show the pink inside and
I realized if we got excited our clits may get close enough to the lips to be
hit. I hoped the boob spanking would hurt too much to get me excited since the
swatter wouldn't hurt much just hitting the outer lips.

They began fondling our boobs and pussies which was exciting so I said,"Lets get
it over with." before my damn clit grew.

I looked at my breast just before he hit it. His fondling had made the nipples
stick out and when he hit it the sharp pain made me gasp and shudder. The pain
was concentrated on the nipple but when he began rubbing and pinching it the
sting seemed to spread. It was the same on my other nipple and was even worse
for the rest but I saw Kelly's pussy become redder as she got excited and her
clit had grown till it was nearly to the surface. I knew mine was doing the same
thing but thee was nothing I could do about it.

They began spanking our pussies. As I expected the lips didn't sting as bad but
they didn't just hit straight down. They hit at the top of the slit right over
the clit close enough to the surface so it felt the sting then slid the swatter
down. I felt immediate excitement which grew until I was about to explode in
orgasm. I was actually disappointed when he finished the ten but thankfully then
He just Jammed his dick into me while I was still tied to let me get to a
fantastic orgasm.

When they came and left to get more beer and coolers from the fridge in the
kitchen I said, "God. I am so weird. I didn't want him to stop hitting my
pussy."

Kelly said,"We are both weird I didn't want Mitch to stop either but I got to
cum from the fucking."

"Me too but I feel guilty about it. I think I should be punished beyond
excitement."

"Yes and humiliated too. I think we should have them spank our breasts and
pussies until we beg them to let us give them blow jobs."

I said,"Oh god. That is disgusting. All right."

When they got back Kelly said, "We feel slutty for becoming excited by the
swatter so we want real punishment. We want you to hit our breasts and pussies
with the strap until we beg you to let us suck your dicks which is the most
humiliating thing we can think of."

They smiled and just the idea began making their dicks grow.

Don said,"Great. Let's tie you back to back. When you are ready to have your
pussy hit you can open your legs.When you are ready to suck us you can close
them."

They had us stand with our butts pressing against each other then my wrist were
tied across her tummy and mine across hers. Then our ankles were tied to each
other.

They began spanking our tits and it hurt a lot more than I expected. The stings
enveloped the entire area of my boobs and they stung and throobed and seemed to
swell. After the fourth I tried to open my legs but Kelly kept hers clenched
together holding mine closed for four more spanks that made me say "Aii" and
caused tears to fall. She released her legs so we could open them wide.

Don strapped my pussy bringing it up from the floor to make it sting then drag
upwards. Kelly yelped when I was hit and when Mitch hit her I found out why. The
end of Mitch's strap going into her pussy let the end hit my anus. It stung but
I didn't think it was enough and moaned,"Harder." Kelly moaned,"Oh yes. Harder."

Now it really stung as the strap mashed our pussy lips to let the strap drag on
our clits. I began to blubber but perversely when I felt Kelly trying to close
her legs I planted mine to get even with her for not opening hers when my tits
were sore. Finally the pain became so intense I let our legs come together.

They quickly untied us with their dick's rock hard. We knelt beside each other
and they held their dick's next to our mouths. I blushed at the most humiliating
experience I had ever had but opened my mouth to let his dick slide in. It
wasn't as bad as I thought. His dick did not taste bad and I found it was kind
of fun to watch the faces he made as my tongue rubbed on his dick. The only bad
thing was every once in a while he would pull on the back of my head to jam his
dick into my throat to make me gag. In a little while I felt his dick jerking
and his cum shot into my mouth. It was slimy but didn't taste bad so I swallowed
it. He kept his dick in my mouth until it began to soften and let it slip out.

I lookd over at Kelly who was fondling Mitch's soft dick. She said,"I must be
better at this than you. Mitch came first."

I didn't say anything thinking it strange she should be proud of being a good
cocksucker.

We sat on the couch sipping our drinks and idly stroking each others body with
our free hands. Don said,"Your tits and pussies are real red. Do they still
hurt?"

I said,"No. They are just throbbing now which feels kind of good."

Kelly said,"Me too. Isn't that strange. I thought when we were being strapped we
would be hurting for hours."

Mitch said, "You girls didn't get to cum. You know how guys masturbate. Why
don't you show us how girls do it."

I said,"No that is too embarrassing."

Kelly said,"Please Angel. I really need to cum. I'll do you and you do me."

Somehow that didn't seem as bad so I said, "Okay."

We got down on he floor on our backs. Kelly slid her middle finger over my clit
while I did the same to her. No-one can rub you as well as you can rub yourself
because they don't know when you want it faster or slower or deeper I suppose it
is the same with handjobs. I put my hand on top of hers to guide her and she did
the same with me. The guys stared fascinated for awhile then decided to help.
They began licking and nibbling on our super sensitive nipples and that really
helped.Soon both of us were moaning and shuddering as orgasms coursed through
our bodies.

We took out our fingers and just laid there cuddling for awhile. Then Don
said,"I am beat. We had better take you girls home before I go to sleep at the
wheel."

Kelly and I put our panties and bras in our purses since we didn't want anything
pressing on our throbbing breasts and pussies then put on our blouses and
skirts.

Don took us home. He was so sleepy he stopped at a 7/11 to get a cup of coffee.

At home I fell into bed and went to sleep in seconds. In later dates I found
that tit fucking didn't do much for me although he liked it. Anal intercouse
turned out good as long as he or I played with my clit as he pumped.

end part 4




                                BUSH'S LAW 5

The next morning I got up and looked at myself in the mirror amazed the only
sign of the night before was some small bruises that didn't hurt.

When girls asked us about our date we just said we had a good time.I guess we
were both too embarrassed to give them any details other than we had drank,
played strip poker and made love.

That was enough to satisfy them.

Preparations for Jan and Cheryls whipping continued and it was obviously going
to be a big deal.We cheerleaders learned a new routine just prior to Jan and
Cheryl's entrance. We would strut waving our whips making our boobs swing under
the little flap covering them then when the band paused the girl in front of the
line would bend over so the girl behind her could swat her ass with just the
thong in the asscrack then the front girl would hold up the skirt to show her
red butt while she went to the end of the line. We made the full circle around
the stage so even though the whip was just plastic thongs we all had pretty sore
asses by the time practise was over.

Then the big day arrived. It was kinda like the superbowl. Everyone came early
to get the best seats in the sections they paid for. All the media was there
including four cameras for the cable company. In spite of their protests they
were located behind the crowd but it should have been no problem with their zoom
lenses.

Our whip routine got a lot of applause and cheers so we made four cicuits
leaving us red from mid-thigh all the way up to the tops of our butt.

In order to keep the crowd entertained while they sold beer and things the girls
in dance classes  performed belly dancing wearing just veils you could see
through. The acrobatic dancers wore thin white tights. As soon as they got
sweaty the tights became transparent. I thought their parents might object but
it turned out they cheered as much as anyone.

There was a big fanfare then Jan and Cheryl appeared. They were led out with
leashes attatched to dog collars arond their necks and had their hands
handcuffed behind their backs. They were wearng a thin white dress held up with
a drawstring under their armpits and over their breasts.The skirts were so short
the bottom of their buttcheeks showed. After a circuit around the stage the
drawstring was loosened to let the dress fall to the ground revealing a strip of
cloth held up with another drawsting over the breasts and a loincloth with
another drawstring that just had flaps to hide their pussy and the center part
of their butts. After a circuit like that the drawstring was loosened on the
boob covering and they were led around with bare boobs. Finally the loincloth
was taken off for a last trip around before they started up the steps to the
stage.

I saw Cheryl was having second thoughts because tears were on her cheeks but Jan
smiled at the cheering crowd.

They were led under two ropes hanging from the goal posts and their handcuffs
were removed to put on leather paded wristcuffs attatched to the ropes. They had
no hair on their bodies even the hair on their heads were cut to be above their
shoulders. That must have been bad for Cheryl who was proud of her long hair
that nearly reached her butt.

Two men pulled on the ropes to raise their arms above their heads then two
boards with cuffs on the ends were put between their legs and their legs were
opened to put on the cuffs. One of the boys next to me said, "The spreader bars
were my idea. We made them in shop.That really opens them up. I knew the open
legs made their tender inner thighs and pussies really vulnerable. Cheryl and
Jan knew too because Cheryl was now crying and Jan had lost her smile.

Once the spreader bars were on they were lifted until their feet were off the
ground. They looked beautiful with their breasts raised and tight and their
tummies shrunk until they were concave. The men pushed on their legs to make
them spin slowly. The crowd went nuts as every inch of their spreadeagled bodies
came into view but the girls were beyond acknowledging the compliment.

An announcer said, "The girls will receive a lash every twenty seconds. You will
hear a drum roll then the cymbals. At the cymbal the lash will occur."

I thought that was awful since they would know exactly when it was coming and at
thirty lashes they would be hanging there for ten minutes and you could see the
stretch was making it hard for them to breathe.

The whippers were a couple of our policemen. One was left handed so he got
Cheryl who was to the right of Jan while the right handed man got Jan.

The drumroll started as the girls slowly turned on the ropes. There was the loud
clang of the cymbal. The crowd was so silent you could hear the whir of the
whips the men brought from behind their backs. Cheryl was in the right position
to be hit on her ass but poor Jan got hers just below the belly button. The men
pulled on the whips as they hit so the girls continued their slow spin.

The crowd went wild as the girls turned showing five nasty welts on their
bodies. Both girls had screamed and lifted their legs at the lash and were now
crying but nobody cared.

On the second lash Cheryl was unlucky and the whip covered her boobs flattening
from the force while Jan got one on her upper thighs.

I knew then that the whip was worse than it had looked hanging in the trophy
case because it was making really nasty welts that brought screams.

On the next the girls were positioned so that the main body of the whip hit the
sides of their hips but that meant the tips went into Jan's asscrack and
Cheryl's pussy. Their agonized screams let everyone know that was the worst but
it just brought cheers.

The coach came over to us cheerleaders and said,"You are supposed to be doing
your cheer."

We started although I felt guilty about it. During the drumroll we waved our
whips and chanted, "Hit her again,Harder! Harder!" over and over." I thought
maybe our cheers were encouraging the whippers since the lashes now made a 
louder slap and the welts seemed to be a darker red.

I don't know if it was the whips or their struggles but by the tenth lash their
bodies were drenched in sweat which seemed to make the welts glow in the bright
light.

By the fifteenth the girls became hoarse and now just grunted and shuddered. By
the twentieth there was no white skin left from their upper thighs to their
armpits so welts began hitting welts. That was awful because the welts began to
ooze blood which their sweat spread around until their shuddering bodies looked
like raw meat.

On he twenty fifth Cheryl's head dropped and I realized she had fainted. I
thought at lest she wouldn't feel any more pain but the announcer said,"Stop for
revival."

Some boys lugged over the big plastic barrel they kept Gattoraid in for the
football players. They gave the whippers saucepans which they used to dip up
water to throw on Cheryl and Jan although Jan had not passed out. They began to
thrash around making hoarse agonized screams. I said, "I wonder why they are
reacting like that. I would think the water would feel good."

The boy next to me said,"It might if it was just water but we spent hours
stirring salt in the water until no more would dissolve. It probably burns like
hell where the skin is oozing blood."

I guess the burning stopped eventuually because the girls settled down even
though they continued to spash them. At least they looked a little better now
that the blood was washed off.

The few minutes of break for the salt water seemed to revive them because for
the last five lashes they again made hoarse screams and struggled.

It was finally over and they had the spreader bars removed. They put their legs
together but then yipped and opened them again since closing them must have hurt
the welts on their pussies.

They were too weak to stand so men lifted them by their armpits to parade their
welted bodies in front of the crowd who were yelling and applauding.

I called Jan and Cheryl the next day but their folks said they were feeling sick
and were in bed.

On Monday they came to school wearing sun dresses. Kids gathered around them to
tell them how brave they were.One dumb girl said,"Did it hurt a lot?"

Jan angrily said,"Of course it hurt a lot. More than you can imagine. I am still
too sore to wear panties and bra."

We were naturally curious to see what marks were left and they reluctantly led
us to the bathroom and took off the dresses. They were a mess. Eespecially their
breasts and pussies which were solid black and blue. That made us all swear to
be good.

In a way I think Jan was proud of the marks because when a boy asked to see she
said,"What the hell.Why not?" and went into the boys bathroom to show a bunch of
them that followed.

The spectacle worked on us kids. Nobody got out of line for weeks. I am sure the
principal was disappointed. The shool had made a ton of money from Jan and
Cheryl's whipping. Even Jan and Cheryl had made enough to buy a bunch of clothes
and even a couple of used cars but they said that in spite of that they would
not do it again.

The principal put a notice on the bulletin board for teachers to watch for any
infractions but only a couple of girls got caught on tardiness. Kelly's Dad said
the media was not interested in five spanks so the principal bought an ad in the
paper with a picture of the girls being spanked even then only a few tickets
were sold so it was held in the gym again. Most of the audience were older men
and I think they came more to see young girls naked than the spanking which was
all over with in a few minutes. The principal made a big a deal as he could out
of it by having men lead the girls into the audience to let guys feel how hot
their butts were much to the embarrassment and humiliation of the girls.

The media began to give glowing reports about the fact spankings and whippings
had lessened all over the country indicating how good the kids were becoming.
That inspired them to extend corporal punishment to adults. I was really happy
about that since some of the adults that had so enjoyed witnessing the
punishments may now find out just how bad it was.

We began to see censored whipping on the news from all over the country.
Corporal punishment was limited to lesser offenses such as traffic tickets and
shoplifting while greater offenses still brought jail time.

It was amazing. I noticed drivers being real careful and courteous and I
actually saw a woman go back to the checkstand to tell the girl she had missed
one of the items and offered to pay for it.

Then one afternoon when I got home from school I saw Mom sitting on the couch
crying.

I went to her and asked her what was wrong. She blubbered through her sobs that
she had received a ticket for spreeding in a school zone.

I said,"God Mom. What were you thinking of. You know tickets are doubled in a
school zone."

She cried, "I know. I lost track of time they were just putting up the flags
reducing speed from thirty to twenty when I went through."

"So you were going ten miles over the limit?"

"Yes, the officer said I would get a whipping."

I trie to console her saying ten over shouldn't be too bad but I wasn't sure.
the town was real protective of the dumb kids that ran out in the street after
school.

Dad and I went to court with her for moral support. Even though there were only
two other people charged with greater offences the wait for her name to be
called seemed endless and she began to whimper.

Finally her name was called. She went up to stand in front of the judge who made
her wait while he read the charge.

He looked up at her and said,"You are charged with driving thirty miles per hour
in a school zone marked at twenty. How do you plead?"

Mom sniffled and said,"Guilty your honor but they were just changing the limit I
didn't have time to slow down."

He said,The officer says that his radar clocked you at thirty and that your
brake lights had not come on."

Mom sniffled,"No but I took my foot off the accelerator."

He looked at her angrily and said, "That isn't good enough. I have kids at that
school. You could have killed one. Also I see this is not your first speeding
citation. Under the old system you just paid a fine that probably made little
impression on you. This time you will be punished so you will never want to
speed again. Fifty lashes in the town square at noon Saturday. You will report
to the police station at eleven for preparation. If you don't show up or are
late the punishment will be doubled."

Mom totally broke down. Dad and I led her out to the car since she could barely
see through her tears.

She calmed down a bit and said. This is a real conservative town.Surely a grown
woman won't have to be naked. Maybe just the back of my dress will be opened
like a picture I saw of a whipping years ago."

I said,"Yeah maybe Mom." I didn't really believe it Mom was really pretty with a
great body and I was sure everyone would want to see it.

Mom said,"The judge didn't say I would be naked. Stop at walmart so I can get
some cotton granny panties and a big bra so my private parts will be hidden."

We humored her by stopping at a store.Dad said,"We will wait for you here. You
know how I hate shopping."

I didn't blame him for that.She could spend hours picking out a dress God knows
how long it would take her to find the bra and panties to hide her.

When she left Dad said,"Do you think they will let her be clothed?"

"I doubt it.She is the first in town so the media will want to make it as bad as
possible.They use the excuse that it is their duty to help prevent further
offenses."

Dad said,"I suppose you are right.At least we can be proud of her.She is a
lovely woman."

I said,"Yeah and now everyone will know it. She always wears layered clothes so
nobody knows just how pretty she is."

"Yeah, she is bashful. I had a hell of a time getting her to buy a bikini
bathing suit and even then she usually kept a towel around her until she was in
the water."

That night she was on the news. They made a big deal about her recklessness
endangering children then they showed her picture. Once she had volunteered to
teach swimming to kids and it was evidentally a slow news day because they had
taken a tape of her in her bikini. It wasn't a real revealing bikini but you
could see her flat taut stomach and her cute round butt with her big boobs while
she ran around encouraging the kids.

Mom moaned,"Oh God." and went to the bedroom.

It was just as well because if that embarrassed her the rest would have been
Hell. while they let the tape run over and over the announcer said, "She will be
taken to the Police station for her costume then she will be led to the town
square where the old oak tree has been prepared." they went to a sot of the tree
where a rope was hanging from a pulley on a big limb.Leather cuffs at the end of
the rope twirled slowly in the wind.

Then he said,"We have a copy of the costume she will wear on her walk to the
tree. Our weather girl Sandy Brooks will model it for you. Naturally since this
is prime time she will not be naked as Mrs.McCloughlin will be."

Sandy came out wearing the costume over a bikini. Dad sat up and took notice
since he thought she was cute. The costume was probably best described as a thin
cotton apron. the neckline showed cleavage and it was just long enough to cover
her crotch. Their was no back and as she walked around you got flashes of her
stomach and it was obvious Mom's braless boobs would be moving under it.

They had her stretch her arms up over her head as if hung then the announcer
went behind her and untied the bow to let te apron slide slowly down. Sandy
blushed and smiled at the same time.

Dad said,"She has a great body.They should have her do the weather in a bikini.
Her ratings would soar."

He got his wish. The weather was next so she did it in the bikini. Her twists
and arm movement as she pointed out weather patterns took on a whole new
dimension.

At he end of the news the announcer said, "We have checked with the local clergy
and the general opinion is there is nothing obscene about buttocks so if you
come back at eleven we wil show you how Mrs.McCollough will really look." Sandy
really blushed then but waved and smiled.

Naturally Dad and I stayed up for the eleven oclock news. According to the paper
the next day about ninety percent of the town watched it. They did the regular
news first teasing us with reminders at commercials of later news of Mrs.
McCollough. The only change was Sandy did the weather in the apron and bikini
then at the end with a blush said just before commercial,"The end is still to
come.

About that time Mom came out and said,"Did they say anymore about me?"

Dad said,"Yes and you may not want to see this part."

She stayed and the commercial ended. Sandy was standing facing the camera and
when the announcer said,"This is how Mrs.McCollough will look." she begn walking
slowly toward the camera. Even the slow walk made her breasts move under the
thin cotton with bumps at her nipples. Mom said, "Oh my God. She isn't wearing a
bra. If her little breasts move walking what will my big ones do."

We didn't answer. When Sandy was closer to the camera she turned slowly and her
butt and the sides of her breasts came into view. It was obvious any faster move
would have flashed every thing. She continued to walk around slowly to keep her
front hidden. The announcer said, "We were able to get the actual whip that will
be used. He held up the same six thonged whip that had been used on Jan and
Cheryl. He said,"What do you think about this Sandy?"

Sandy said, "It is real scary. I wonder if it will hurt as much as it looks."

The announcer said,"Would you try just one to find out?"

She blushed and said grinning, "You know me Dan. Anything for the news."

She turned her back to the camera and he hit her cute round butt with the whip.
Not really hard but she yipped and grabbed her buns and ran off stage.

The announcer laughed and said,"I guess you get the concept folks."

Mom began to cry and went off to bed.

Dad said, "Poor Marge. The damn media is going to hype this until Saturday. We
will have to try to keep her from the TV."

He was right. every night at eleven they reran the Sandy bit then had Doctors
come in to discuss the damage that would be done to Mom. The general consensus
was that she would be badly welted and bruised but no scarring should happen.
They said she would be taken to the hospital when it was over to have pain
killing lotions applied.

At least that was better than they had done for Jan and Cheryl.

Our neighbors came over to console Mom but they weren't much help since they
agreed there would be a big turnout since it was Saturday and only people that
worked in stores would not be able to come. It turned out to be worse than that,
several of the stores said they would close for that afternoon since they did
not expect to do much business. To make up for it they would open after the
whipping and stay open another hour. Clothing stores sold out of aprons because
kids were starting a trend wearing bathing suits and aprons as Sandy had.

Then Don and Marie old friends came over. Marie suggested that Mom should walk
around naked in the house to get used to it so it wouldn't be such a shock. She
continued to say, "You have always dressed so conservatively hiding all your
assets being naked will be terrible. You could start by taking off your dress.
You would still have your slip and underthings to hide you."

To my surprise Mom bought the idea saying, "I suppose you may be right. I could
start with you guys since we are such old friends."

Marie said,"Right. Why don't you take off the dress?"

Mom blushed but reached back to pull down the zipper then pulled it off her arms
and let it fall to the floor. She stood there a moment blushing in her slip then
Marie said,"Walk around a bit. It isn't so bad."

Mom walked around and finally stopped blushing. Marie said,"See that isn't so
bad. Now take off the slip."

Mom blushed again and said,"Oh I couldn't."

Somehow I got caught up in Mom's exhibition and said,"Sure you can Mom. You are
wearing a big bra and granny panties that hide a lot more than a bikini."

Dad said,"She is right Honey."

Unintentionally or not she did a striptease pulling the straps of the slip off
her shoulders and slowly sliding it down revealing herself inch by inch and
blushing all the while.

Don was enjoying the exhibition judging by the lump growing in his pants but
surprisingly my Dad was getting hard too in spite of the fact he had seen her
naked before.

It turned out I had lied about bra and panties revealing no more than a
bikini.Bikini bottoms don't show the shadow of pubic hair or cling to the pussy
lips like panties.

Marie said,"You are lovely. If I looked that good I would run around naked all
the time."

In spite of her embarrassment Mom smiled and said,"Do you really think so?"

Dad said,"I have been telling you that for years."

Mom said,"Yes but you are prejudiced. It means more coming from someone who has
never seen me so naked."

Don said."I am not prejudiced and I agree."

Mom smiled and blushed but the smile went away when Marie said,"Okay now take
off the bra."

Mom looked shocked and said,"No way. This is as far as I go."

Marie said, "Okay then let me fold things down a bit to make it just a bit more
sexy."

Mom blushed but said,"Okay. A little."

As Marie got to her Mom turned her head embarrassed at the way we were all
staring at her. She undid the shoulder straps at the front of her bra and let
them fall down her back then folded down the top of the cups until the faint tan
aureola surrounding her nipples were visible. Then she folded down the panties
until just a bit of the hair showed. finally she went to Moms back and jerked
the bottom into her ass crack to make her gasp. Now the panties sunk into the
slit of her pussy to make it seem almost visible.

She had Mom walk around some more and she really looked sexy with the tops of
her boobs and her nice round buttcheeks jiggling.

Marie went to her purse saying,"I have another surprise."

She took an apron out like we had seen on TV.  She went to Mom and tied it
around her neck then said, "Now that you are covered we can get rid of the bra.
Before Mom could protest she unclipped the bra and ripped it off. While Mom was
looking down at herself Marie jerked her panties down to the ankles. 

Mom wailed,"Marie!"

Marie said,"It is too late now they are off. Go look in the mirror."

Mom went to the mirror and we saw her big boobs were holding the apron out so we
could see her tummy with the little pot belly and some pussy hair through the
sides. She went over to the mirror and said,"Well it hides my front."

She turned for a sideview and her eyes got big and she grabbed the sides of the
apron to hold against her saying,"My damn big boobs hold it out so nothing is
hidden except my nipples."

She leaned back so the apron touched her stomach then said,"Well it hides me as
long as I lean back."

I said,"Yeah Mom." but I doubted she could keep her pose while being led by her
wrists and if there was any wind at all it would blow that thin apron aside.

Mom walked around leaning back and we agreed it hid her front.

Then Marie said,"Have you ever been whipped?"

Mom said,"God no. I have no idea how much it will hurt."

Marie said, "We could use Don's belt to give you a few spanks so you will have
an idea."

Mom thought about it a moment then said,"Maybe we should. Just three okay."

Marie said,"Okay but we should tie you since you will be tied there."

Mom said,"Yeah okay. We can use one of Jim's old neckties."

Dad got up and went into the bedroom to bring out a tie. Marie tied it around
her wrists then said. "Don would you tie the other end."

Mom looked up at the chandelier expecting to be tied there but Don pulled her
wrist down to tie them to a leg of the dining room table clear at the bottom.
Naturally the apron fell awy from her body so she was naked.

Mom wailed,"No. Tie me standing up. I am naked!"

Marie laughed and said,"You sure are. Everybody come over and see how naked she
is."

Mom said,"Marie you bitch. I'll get you for this."

"Maybe but I'll worry about that later."

We gathered around her. I noticed that even with her legs together her pussy was
pooching out a bit between her thighs. I said,"You look great, Mom." She was too
embarrassed to appreciate the compliment though she just said angrily, "Just
give me the three spnks so I can stand up again."

Marie laughed and said, "Since there are four of us it will be twelve spanks."

Mom wailed,"Damn you Marie."

All she had to do was say that she would not allow this and we would have backed
off and I wondered if she knew that.

Marie was in no hurry and neither were we since we were enjoying her blushes and
little movements that made her breasts sway. Marie told me to get a deck of
cards so we could cut them to see who was first, second, third and fourth. I
took my time finding the cards then shuffling them several times while Mom
whined,"Hurry. Damnit."

I won first then Don, then Dad and finally Marie."  We didn't hit hard but it
lasted forever since Marie counted to twenty slowly between lashes with Don's
wide western belt. Mom put on quite a show. At every lash she would kick or flex
to make her breasts sway and pussy lips squirm.

When it was over and Don had untied her wrists she stood there with tears in her
eyes rubbing her buns and whimpered, "I want to go to bed."

Dad led her to thir bedroom while I walked Don and Marie to the door.Marie
seemed concerned saying,"She was really crying. Do you think she will hate me?"

"No she believed you were trying to help but we know you did it for the
excitement don't we?"

Marie giggled and said,"Yeah. Your Mom has been uptight for years I bet Don I
could get her naked. He just lost fifty bucks."

Don said,"It was worth it. Come on let's go I want to go to bed too."

They hurried off and I went back inside in time to hear the headboard of their
bed hitting the wall. One or both of them got excited by her ordeal.



END PART 5




                                  BUSH'S LAW 6


Mom wore only the apron for the rest of the week practicing walking slow and
leaned back as if she would have that option. I felt no need to burst her
bubble.

We were told we would have six seats reserved for family and friends right in
the front row. We suddely had a lot of friends but Dad picked Don and Marie and
our neighbors Mike and Patti for the seats.

On Saturday we got to the police station by ten-fifty to be sure we would not be
late. For some reason Mom had gone back to normal wearing underclothes, a slip.
a blouse. a long skirt and a suit coat although she would soon be naked.

They had us wait in the main office while two cops led her to a back room. After
about a half-hour one of the cops came out with her clothes neatly folded in a
bundle with her shoes and pantyhose on top.

We heard a crowd gather out side then Mom appeared in the apron with her hands
handcuffed in front of her with a small chain attatched to them. She had been
crying because the makeup had run onto her cheeks. I jumped up and wiped her
face. She said,"Oh angel. It is already bad."

They led her outside and the crowd cheered. She blushed and bent forward to hide
her face betwen her arms. Unfortunately for her that let the apron fall away
from her body so only her nipples were hidden.

It was six blocks to the town square and it had to be the longest six blocks she
had ever walked. People yelled ridiculous things like,"Kid Killer" and "Reckless
bitch." She looked totally miserable.

After about three blocks it got worse.Some kid picked up a piece of gravel and
threw it at her. She screamed and jumped when it hit the side of her breast. His
rotten dad said,"Nice shot." That inspired other kids and soon she was in a hail
of gravel. They were too small to really hurt her but big enough to cause red
blotches that made her twist to flash her boobs.


Finally we got to the town square. They had made a platform to get her up high
enough so all could see. I noticed it had the thirteen steps of gallows.She
climbed the steps letting everyone see her butt muscles flex.

At the top her hand cuffs were removed to be replaced by the leather cuffs
attatched to the rope.Her arms were raised above her head then her legs were
roughly jerked open to buckle her ankles to a spreader bar about four feet long. 
All this time she was crying.

One man behind her undid the bow and let the apron fall to the floor. There was
kind of a gasp from the crowd then applause. I saw that she had been shaved. She
had lost the hair on her crotch that allowed just a little decency. The spreader
bar had pulled her legs so far apart her slit had opened to show the pink inner
parts.

It was not quite eleven so they let her stand there with her so embarrassed she
kept her head turned to avoid seeing the staring and cheering crowd.

An announcer went up on the stage with a microphone and said, "So she can
appreciate every lash there will be a twenty second delay between lashes. She
will be lashed from her armpits to her upper thighs. Fate will determine whether
she gets them on her back or front."

Then they lifted her until her feet were about six inches off the floor causing
a stretch to remove the small sag of her breasts and shrink her waist. They
pushed her legs to make her twirl slowly and a big electronic timer behind he
began counting off the seconds. When it got to zero a bell clanged and the men
swung their whips. The fate thing was bullshit. One hit her back while the other
hit her breasts.She made an agonized scream and lifted her legs. The counter
began again while she sobbed. On the next her sides were to them and this was
the worst since the ends of the thongs dug into her ass crack and jerked on her
breast.

It kept on a little more than eight minutes which must have seemed like eight
hours. The bastards had concentrated on her butt, pussy and breasts so they were
a reddish purple while her stomach and back just had red lines.

At the end the crowd cheered and hhe whippers bowed as if they were performers.

Mom was let down but was too weak to stand. they let her down to the floor while
they undid her wrists and ankles then  carried her by her wrists and ankles like
a hammock to the waiting ambulance while she shuddered and moaned.

We waited at the hospital for her for about an hour. They told us that she was
ready to go and which room she was in. When we went in she was standing naked in
front of a mirror studying her body. She was a mess her butt pussy and breasts
wer now solid black and blue.

I said,"Oh Mom. You look awful."

"Yes I do but they put some kind of salve on me that has deadened everything so
I don't hurt. See?"

At that she took the cigarette from her mouth and pushed it into her nipple
looking fascinated at the steam or smoke that rose from it.

I said,"Jesus Mom that might not hurt now but it will later."

She said,"Probably."

Dad handed her the clothes he was carrying but she said,"I am just going to wear
the slip."

She put it on and Dad said, "Your bruises show."

"Good. They prove I paid for my sin."

We walked out of the hospital and were met by reporters who asked dumb questions
like "Will you speed again?" and "Which lash hurt the most."

Mom said she wouldn't speed and that probably the first few were the worst since
toward the end she was so out of it the lashes couldn't add much more to the
pain.

Then although we all knew they couldn't use them on the news they asked her to
take off the slip so they could see the damage.

To my surprise Mom smiled and took off the slip then posed for them in positions
she would not ordinarily assume clothed like with legs spread and leaning back 
and then bent over with her legs spread.

When we got home Mom said to Dad,"I need you. Let's go to bed."

Dad said."Are you sure? I may hurt you."

Maybe you will but it is alright. I need to know I am loved."

They went off to the bedroom and I went to bed too.

I laid there seeing the whips hitting her and in spite of my guilt it excited me
and I masturbated myself to sleep.

The next morning Mom was preparing breakfast while Dad sat on a kitchen chair
and watched her smiling. She was wearing the apron so her poor bruised butt and
upper thighs showed.

I said,"Mom. It is all over. You can wear clothes now."

"I know but I think they may irritate me besides Don and Marie are coming over
to see the damage so I would just have to get undressed again anyway."

I could hardly believe how she had changed. Before the whipping they had at most
seen her in a bathing suit but I guess like Jan she thought it was too late to
worry about modesty.

I said it must have been awful."

"It started out awful then got worse. The two cops took me to the back room
where the sheriff was sitting. He said, "Take off all your clothes or we will."

"I didn't want them to touch me so I turned my back to them and took off my coat
but they wouldn't allow that. The Sheriff told me to face them. I was afraid if
I didn't they would strip me so I faced their stares and grinning faces. I took
of my clothes slowly trying to put off being naked as long as possible but the
sheriff said, "That's right Honey. Nice and slow." That made me feel like a
slutty stripper so I hurried to get my bra and panties off. One of the men got
up and pulled my hands behind my back to put handcuffs on my wrists. Another man
got up and came to me then the first man reached in between my arms to grip my
breasts while the other man wrapped his arms around my thighs to carry me over
to the desk. They used a nylon tie to hook my hand cuffs to a desk leg making my
head and shoulders hang over the edge then the two men pulled my legs so wide
apart I thought my hips may dislocate. The sheriff plopped an old fashioned
shaving mug on my stomach then showed me an oldfashioned straight razor while
saying,"You better stay real quiet. This thing can slice off a cuntlip in a
heartbeat."

In spite of the humiliation I froze in position while he shaved off all my pubic
hair even the little bit around my anus. In spite of the humiliation I got wet
since the way he was moving my pussy lips around was like your Dad does to get
me ready for sex. I blushed to my toes when the sheriff laughed and said,"The
slut likes this.She is getting wet."

"They got eyebrow pluckers and searched for any stray hairs. I had a few on my
nipples and it really hurt when they slowly pulled them out."

Then they massaged oil all over my body saying it would soften my skin to keep
it from being cut.I have to admit having them massage my breasts,crotch and butt
all at the same time felt good."

Dad broke in to say,"Of course it did. Those are all erogenous zones."

Mom smiled at him and said,"Thank you for understanding."

Then there was some time left so they had me stand against a wall with my legs
spread to wait while they sat there and discussed my body as if I was some kind
of animal they were thinking of buying.

Finally they put the apron on me and you know the rest."

Don and Marie showed up a little later.She got them coffee then took off the
apron without being asked. They gently caressed the bruises on her body even the
ones on her pussy while she stood there smiling.

Marie said,"You seem to be proud of your welts and bruises."

Mom said,"I am. I think I was really courageous to take all those lashes without
fainting or screaming very much."

Marie said,"You were. That must have hurt like hell."

"It is strange. It was just awful at first but about half way through it didn't
seem so bad. I guess I tuned out or something. I watched the lashes hit me and
felt the pain radiating from them but it was now just a dull pain that seemed to
travel all through me."

Even after the bruises were gone she was changed. She bought a new wardrobe that
was much more revealing and even a thong bathing suit she wore to sunbathe in
the backyard even though she knew the neighbors on all three sides were looking
at her.

There were no more whippings for a couple of weeks and things became normal then
the principal overheard me tell Kelly my folks were going out of town for the
weekend.

That afternoon he called me to his office. He said,"Angel you are a lovely young
lady and could be an asset to the school."

I said,"Thanks, How can I be an asset?"

The whole town would come to see you whipped. The school could make a lot of
money."

I said shocked,"You expect me to take a whipping so the school can make money
willingly?"

"No it has come to my attention that you were caught cheating last year.'

I panicked, that was thirty lashes but worse I was afraid it may change me like
it did Mom. I said,"That isn't fair. You didn't whip then and it wasn't my fault
Marcie looked at my test paper."

Yes Marcie would be here too if she hadn't transferred you were told to guard
your paper and I don't think the law says it can't be retroactive. However I am
willing to offer you an alternative."

Anything seemed better than thirty lashes in front of a crowd of jeering people
so I said resignedly, "What is the alternative."

He took a picture out of his desk and handed it to me saying,"Do you know him?"

I looked at the picture. It was a man about fifty years old with greying hair at
his temples.He looked a little like Clint Eastwood at the same age. I said,"No I
don't know him."

I am surprised he doesn't look familiar to you. He is one of your biggest fans.
He has been watching you lead cheers since you were in the eighth grade. He is
willing to give the school five thousand dollars if you will be his sex slave
for 12 hours."

The idea appealed to me. I had fantasies about fucking an older man since a girl
friend told me they were much better at sex than teen boys but I had a
reservation. "You want me to have sex with him? Won't that make me a
prostitute?"

"No. You should not think about it like that. You don't get the money and
essentially you are forced to do it to avoid a whipping."

"All right. I'll do it. I won't be hurt will I?"

"That is up to you. You will be a sex slave. If you refuse a command you will be
punished."

That didn't worry me. I had sucked a cock and been fucked in my pussy, my ass
and my tits. What else could happen?"

"I don't want to be hurt. I will do anything he wants."

"Actually you will do anything we want. He has asked me to join him."

That still didn't bother me the principal was about forty and was not bad
looking.'

"Okay anything you both want."

"Fine. I will pick you up at eleven AM Saturday morning. The session will last
from noon to midnight."

Should I wear anything special?"

"Yes your cheerleading uniform."

I got up from the chair and said,"Okay. See you Saturday."

I told Kelly about it and was glad that she agreed that was much better than
being whipped and actually she envied me a little.

I was all dressed and ready by ten thirty thinking it woulld be easy to get
naked since I was only wearing the satin top, skirt, and panties.

He picked me up and we drove out of town and up a hill to a big iron gate which
opened majestically when the principal pressed a button and announced himself in
a microphone.

It was a big white house with a great view of our town and the mountains around
it. Mr. Childress was waiting for us under a porch kind of like the White house.
He opened the door and I stepped out. He took my hand and twirled me around
saying,"I am glad you came. You never failed to give me a hard on while
cheerleading."

I was a little surprised since I had never thought cheerleading was especially
sexy. I said,"Thanks, I guess Mr. Childress."

"It was a compliment. From now on you will refer to me as Master and your
principal as Sir. Do you understand?"

I thought that was kind if kinky and said,"Yes Master."

He took us to a huge living room then made drinks for them. I was a little
disappointed thinking a few drinks might make this easier for me.

When they were seated on the couch he said,"Take off your clothes. I have
fanticized about seeing you do your cheer leading routine nude."

When I was with the boys I didn't mind getting naked because they were
undressing too but it was a little embarrassing to take off my clothes while
they stared at me fully dressed.

When I was naked I started my cheerleading routine.When I had clothes on I
didn't think how obscene the splits and back bend and jump splits were.

I was beginning to sweat by the time he said,"Good. I am hard.Crawl over to me
and suck my dick."

God I thought I would get some kisses and fondling before sex. This was really
cold. I got on my hands and knees and started to crawl over to him but he
said,"No. Not on your hands and knees.Crawl over to me on your belly."

I dropped to my belly and began propelling myself to him with a kind of swimming
breast stroke plus pushing with my toes. The thick wool rug was kind of sensual
prickling my breasts, tummy and crotch with each push.

When I got to him he opened his legs then said, Unzip my pants. Take out my cock
and lick it all over before you suck it."

This wasn't like sex at all. I just felt used and may have refused if I hadn't
remembered the warning that I would be punished for refusal.While I licked his
cock I looked up at his face. Rather than the look of excitement Don had worn he
just had a smug smile indicating to me he was enjoying my debasement. Knowing
that made me feel even more humiliated. It seemed to take forever for him to cum
and when he did he pushed my forehead back to spurt his cum in my eyes and nose.
He must not have cum for awhile because there was a lot of it. I felt like
crying over being treated like a common prostitute but didn't want to give him
that satisfaction. I wiped my face with my hands but since there was nothing to
wipe them on I wiped them on my outer thighs.

Master said,"You have soiled yourself. Would you like to be cleaned?"

I said,"Oh yes Master." thinking he may have a kinder side after all."

He led me to an outside shower by the swimming pool. The shower head was a
couple of feet over my head and I saw handcuffs were bolted to it. He lifted my
wrist and snapped the handcuff around it.As he lifted my other wrist I said,"I
don't need to be bound. I love showers."

"I prefer to have you bound, and you spoke to me without saying Master so you
must be punished. Sir Robert would you like to administer the punishment."

"Certainly Master William."

He was carrying a skinny bamboo cane and gave me six fast swats on my butt that
hurt enough to bring tears to my eyes. I sobbed ,"That is a lot of punishment
just for forgetting to say Master."

Master said,"She is really not very smart.She did it again. Give her six more."

I pleaded,"Please Master. I am sorry." I was ignored and six more even worse was
given to me."

Master grabbed my hair to pull my head back and said, "Thank Sir Robert for
helping you remember."

It was terrible to have to thank him for pain but I sobbed,"Thank you Sir
Robert."

Master said, "Let's wash her."

Sir Robert said,"Yes." and I looked at him to see him hand Master one of two
scrub brushes, "I wailed, "No please Master the brushes will take off my skin."

Master said,"No they will just get your skin nice and sensitive for the next
phase."

Cool water began coming out of the showerhead and they started scrubbing. It was
awful I was sure I would be rubbed raw and twisted and struggled to try to move
away from them but pulling away from one just pushed me into the other. Finally
I just hung there sobbing as they scrubbed my entire torso including my pussy
and anus.

They finally stopped and I looked down to see my breasts were red and scratched
but miraculously not bleeding. My breasts,tummy pussy,thighs and butt were
stinging and tingling.

They had me kneel and watched as tears rolled down my cheeks to splash on my
breasts.

I sobbed, "Sir Robert. You lied to me you said I would not be punished as long
as I followed orders."

He said,"Punishment is whipping or caning. This is just to get you sensitive.
Does your skin feel very sensitive?"

"Yes Sir. It feels raw."

"Good. Get the leather strap on the table and ask me to give you two easy lashes
on each breast."

I said, "No. Please no. That will hurt terribly." Then remembered to add "Sir."

"Pity since you are disobeying you will get four hard ones to each breast."

I tried to get up to run away but Master grabbed me and held my arms together
with my elbows touching each other behind my back to make my tits push out.

I watched through tears as the strap flattened and jerked at my breasts hitting
my now super sensitive nipples to make me howl like a tortured animal which is
what I was.

They let me kneel there sobbing until I began to breathe more normally then
Master said,"Ask me to give you four easy ones to your pussy while it is still
sensitive."

I knew now I couldn't refuse and whined,"Please Master. Give me four easy ones
on my pussy."

He patted my head saying,"Good slut."

He put a collar around my neck with a leash and led me like a dog  over to a big
ottoman. He had me sit on it then lie back until my head was on the floor. I was
doing a supported back bend.

He patted my tight tummy then said,"Okay do the splits."

I groaned knowing how vulnerable that would make my poor pussy but spread my
legs as wide as I could. He told me to count to four slowly. I said,"One" and I
heard a "Splat" just before I felt a sting. He hadn't lied since it was easy
enough to just sting so I said,"Two." he hit again then said, She is
courageous.Did you see how the lips flattened to allow the strap to hit her
clitoris."

It had stung more but not unbearably. I appreciated his comment on my courage
since it was taking all my will to keep my legs open for him and said,"Thank you
Master."

"You are welcome. Would you like the next one a little harder?"

I didn't know if refusal would earn me four hard ones but didn't want to take a
chance so I said,"Yes Master. Harder."

That one made pain go deep into my womb to make me gasp and flex but weirdly it
also had an element of excitement."

Master smiled and said,"She is a born pain slut. Look how her pussy has made the
strap wet."

I hated the fact he knew this was exciting me and felt I should be punished fo
it. I said,"Another Master. Harder."

On that one I felt the strap go into my slit to hit my clitoris then be dragged
down through it. My effort to punish myself instead brought a crashing orgasm
that made me twist and moan.

Fortunately he interpreted my struggle and moan as pain. He said,"That one
really hurt!" Then he gently played with my protruding clit to continue my
orgasm.

He let me lie thre a few minutes recovering then said,"You have earned a drink."

He led me to the kitchen on my hands and knees then poured a wine cooler into a
dog dish. I was so thirsty I didn't care how humiliating it was and lapped it
all up.

 They were in the living room talking to each other when I crawled out. Master
said,"Sir robert has expressed an interest in fucking your asshole. Naturally
you will have to be cleaned first."

I said,"Oh please Master no more scrub brushes."

"No this will just be a simple enema."

Mom had given me a couple of enemas and although humiliating they had not hurt
so I said,"Thank you Master."

I was led on hands and knee to the bathroom and told to get into the tub. I saw
him taking the familiar rubber enema bag with a hose out of the drawer but it
was different than Moms.The bag was twice as big easily capable of holding a
gallon of water and instead of the little black nozzle this had a big rubber
cock with a rubber ball at the end to hold in the water. While Master filled the
bag Sir Robert put grease on the rubber dick that I knew would stretch my
asshole to the max.

They had me lower my head to the floor of the tub with my butt up and Sir robert
began pushing the dick into my ass. I groaned as it stretched my asshole which I
tried to relax.When it was in about eight inches Master released the valve and I
felt cold water going into me. It wasn't bad at first but then the pressure and
coldnees in my guts began to cause cramps. I wailed,"I have cramps it may rip
open my bowel!"  Master said,"Only a quart or so more."

He squeezed the bag to force every drop into me The cramps were so bad I was
sure I was being torn up inside.

They had me get up and sit on the toilet and I pulled out the rubber dick.Water
gushed out of me with some farts that made them laugh. Humiliating as it was it
was worth it to get the relief.

They had me get up and we looked at the brown water in the bowl. I was relieved
not to see blood.

Sir Robert said it is pretty brown. She needs another." I whined,"Please Master
but they ignored me and put me back in the tub.

The second was not as bad but then Sir Robert said,She looks a little pregnant.
Lets have her crawl around for awhile to let it slosh and wash."

I said, "Master there is too much pressure. I won't be able to hold the cock in
me."

He said,"I can fix that."

He reached in a drawer and got a roll of duct tape. He put several strips from
my belly button through my legs and up my back to hold in the cock.

They pulled the hose up my back and wrapped it around my neck so the bag hung
down near my boobs then had me crawl around with my distended tummy. It was
horribly humiliating but also painful. The cramps got worse with every moment.
When I began to cry they took me back to the bathroom then ripped off the tape
which pulled out all my crotch hair but it was worth it to get the cock out and
let the water gush.

They took me back to the living room and Sir Robert fucked my ass while Master
knelt in front of me to suck his dick. I don't mind being fucked in the ass and 
Sir Roberts dick was smaller than the nozzle but the only way I can get off is
by having the guy fucking me play with my clit or let me do it. Since Master
wanted me to fondle his balls while I sucked. I didn't get off.

I guess they were happy with me because they let me sit between them on the
couch for another drink while they fondled me.

Then I went in the kitchen for three beers for us while they talked. When we
finished the beer Master said, We are both going to fuck you at the same time.
This time with me in your ass and Sir Robert in your pussy. You will be doing
all the work so bring us two straps in case you need incentive to go faster."

I could not imagine how they could do that. They had me alternately suck their
dicks until they couldn't get harder then they laid ont their backs on the floor
and scooted together until their balls were touching and both dicks were
pointing straight up. I straddled them and aimed their dicks into my pussy and
anus. I let myself down until they were buried in me then began lifting up and
down. Master said,"Faster!" and hit my breast with the strap while Robert
spanked my ass. They kept on hitting my breasts and butt no matter how fast I
went but the pain just added to the excitement for me and I got glorious
orgasms.

Master said,"I have had it. I am ready for bed. Take her home."

Incredibly I was a little disappointed. On the way home I realized the only time
I climaxed was when I was being hurt. Maybe I am a pain slut.

The end.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





