BDSM Library - Parker 16: Office Girl




Parker 16: Office Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young summer intern is caught selling corporate secrets and pays a high price.

                                  PARKER16.TXT

                                  OFFICE GIRL
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

          WARNING: This story concerns the blackmail and domination of
          a young woman. It also includes sexual situations in which
          consent is non-existent. If this sort of story offends you,
          don't read it. It's as simple as that.

                         Copyright 1994 by Parker (me).
  Feel free to distribute as you wish (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     "Please?" The blonde girl squirmed in her seat, a look of near panic on
her face. "I have to go back to school."

     Carol Brookmere looked over, stern and unforgiving, at the younger woman
who was sitting so uncomfortably in a chair to the front of the desk. "Miss
Boyd," she said coldly, adjusting her small, metal-rimmed glasses, "you should
have thought of that before you decided to steal from us." Her English accent,
still noticeable despite the many years she had made America her home, gave a
clipped, formal tone to her speech.

     "I told you I was sorry," Amanda whined. She dropped her eyes downward,
unable to meet her boss's cool gaze. "I didn't think..."

     "Exactly," Miss Brookmere pronounced, rising from her chair. The small,
grey-haired woman came around from behind the desk. "You didn't think. You
didn't think how many people you would be hurting by selling the results of the
mining reports. You didn't think of what it would do to the reputation of this
company; it could ruin us. You're only here for the summer. It's just another
step on your path to getting an MBA and a high paying job back in the city. But
most of all," she concluded, slapping her hand down on the top of her desk
directly in front of the girl, "you didn't think you were going to get caught,
did you?"

     The younger girl looked down, not answering. Miss Brookmere grabbed a
handful of the student's curly, blonde hair and jerked her face upwards. "Did
you?" she repeated.

     "N-no..." The reply was little more than a whisper; the twenty year-old
looked like she was about to burst into tears. "I..."

     "But you *were* caught. And that's a fact. Now you must pay the price. You
must make amends." The older woman paused for a moment, as if to gather her
thoughts. Absentmindedly, she pushed the glasses up on her nose. "I don't know
what you were paid to steal the information..." The blonde girl tried to say
something, but Miss Brookmere immediately cut her off. "... and I don't care.
That doesn't matter now." The grey-haired woman walked back around behind the
desk and picked up a folder. "I do know," she continued, "the value of the
survey work the results of which you sold." Her thin lips curled downward in
disgust at the word 'sold'. The folder was dropped to the desk. "Your options
are simple. I'll repeat them: either you work off your debt - replacing the
value of what you stole - or we call the police. Very simple indeed." She
glared at the younger woman.

     "But you must decide."

     A moment of silence in the office.

     "Now."

     Miss Brookmere couldn't entirely keep a smile off her face as she watched
the blonde girl bite her lower lip in indecision. She loved the way the girl's
summer-blonde curls fell loose over her forehead, framing her fine, delicate
features and setting off her wide, green eyes.

     Beautiful.

     She'd agree to stay, of course.

     They always did.

     Really, it was their own fault. No one forced them to accept the "bribe"
from the company's competitors to sell confidential information. No matter that
the offer really was extraordinarily generous, or that, in fact, it had been
arranged by Miss Brookmere herself. The moral complicity was the same as if it
really had come from a hostile third party. The only difference was that the
girls who accepted this particular offer - and most did - got caught.

     And paid the price.

     Amanda weighed her options.

     It wasn't supposed to happen like this. This was just supposed to be your
standard summer job: low paying, but the work wasn't particularly difficult.
Most important, it was another bit of "real life" experience to add to the
resume. Some effective padding. Just the sort of thing the senior partners in
the City liked see. Amanda was only one year away from completing her MBA, and
the interviews would be starting that Fall. Hence, the summer ritual of "resume
padding" assumed a new importance.

     But the job had turned out to be a bit of a dud, even for a summer temp
job. It had sounded interesting in the listing - a company called Unified
Analysis had been looking for a temporary executive assistant to establish a
plan for office restructuring - but the reality had fallen far short of her
expectations. For one thing, the company had turned out to be quite a bit
smaller than she had expected. The company brochure had represented a business
in which the company received core samples and other types of field tests from
various mining and related enterprises and provided analysis reports of those
samples. That was true enough as far as it went, but the company itself was
only a middleman, receiving samples and then sending them out to commercial
labs. Hence, the entire company consisted of just four women: Carol Brookmere,
who owned and ran it, Vanessa Todd, a technician who coordinated all of the
technical reports along with what little in-house testing actually took place,
Janine Bush, who provided secretarial support, and a slender, dark-haired girl
names Linda (Amanda didn't know her last name), who seemed to be something of a
office 'go-fer'. She just did routine filing, typing and general
carrying/fetching for the other women. She was a bit of a mystery to Amanda, as
she never went out for drinks or lunch with the other workers, but Amanda
really didn't pay much attention. What did catch her attention, however, was
the fact that there was very little work for her to do that matched her
expectations or required any of the skills she had acquired in years of
business school. It was mostly just routine scheduling and the like. She had
complained a number of time to Carol, but nothing changed.

     Disappointed, Amanda had already written off the summer when she received
a call from a man offering her a fabulous amount of money for the results of
certain, specified core sample tests. She had been reluctant at first, but
money was great and the risk seemed small. She had easy access to the reports.
Besides, what did she owe Carol? The woman was using her for mundane labour and
paying her slave wages on top of it. And so, about one month into her summer
employment, Amanda had photocopied the results of the required tests and mailed
them to the specified address. Everything had seemed to go smoothly, and she
expected to receive payment at any time.

     And then Carol, looking angry, had called her into her office. She knew.

     Somehow, she knew...

     Options.

     They were twofold and they were simple. She could either allow Carol to
call the police and then sit quietly until they arrived to take her away, or
she could agree to work at the company for an extra year, "working off her
debt". The latter possibility was certainly unattractive; it would mean missing
a year of school and spending it stuck in this backwater. On the other hand,
the probability - no, the virtual certainty - of being convicted for industrial
espionage... well, Amanda didn't really know how serious a crime that was, but
she suspected that it was pretty serious. The money involved had been
substantial. And, even if the penalty was not as serious as she feared, no one
would ever hire her after that. As a convicted felon, her business career would
be over before it started.

     Options...

     When she caught herself trying to figure out how to convince the
university to let her defer her final year, she realized that she had already
made up her mind...

     The blonde girl looked up.

     "I'll do it," she said, lip quivering slightly. "I'll work the extra
year."

     Miss Brookmere nodded, unsurprised. To date, not a single girl had chosen
to call the older woman on her bluff. Moving swiftly, she opened a folder and
put it down on the desk in front of the younger girl. "Here's our standard
services contract. I've filled in one year for the length of employment."

     Amanda, upset, barely even read the document before signing it. 'Stupid
bitch,' Ms Brookmere thought, retrieving the signed contract and putting it
away in her desk. 'Didn't even glance at it.' In fact, the document contained a
number of clauses and provisions which would have surprised the young business
student had she been careful enough to read through it. 'No matter,' the older
woman reflected, 'she'll become familiar with those clauses in time.'

     "Now," she stated, walking around the desk and standing beside her new
'office girl', "we must discuss your new duties."

     "New duties?" Amanda looked up over her shoulder at the woman standing
behind her, her green eyes questioning. "What..."

     "Hush." Miss Brookmere leaned down and silenced the girl by laying a
finger against her lips. "You really must learn to listen." Obediently, Amanda
fell silent, her cheeks turning red. When she was sure of her control, the
older woman took her hand away from the girl's lips and moved it slowly
downward until it came to rest on the swell of her small breasts. Amanda
stiffened at the touch, but didn't pull away as her boss cupped her left breast
and gave it a soft squeeze. Likewise, she just sat there, stunned and frozen,
when the hand was slipped down the top of her white blouse, under the bra and
resumed its squeezing.

     "That feels good now, doesn't it?" Miss Brookmere had leaned over, and was
whispering in the younger girl's ear. Amanda didn't answer. The older woman
chuckled, then slid her tongue lightly along her employee's ear. "Tell me you
like it."

     Frightened, and uncertain of what was expected of her, the blonde girl
jerked her head up and down, nodding. "Tell me," the older woman hissed. She
bit down on the girl's earlobe.

     "Uhmm... I, uh... l-like it," Amanda stammered. Her hands clutched the
arms of the chair, ready to push away, but she didn't resist. Miss Brookmere
smiled, well aware of the girl's state of mind. She understood well the mixture
of confusion, fear and, eventually, arousal that would prevent the girl from
walking out.

     As long as she was careful...

     "Good." The older woman was whispering again as she answered the girl's
uncertain statement. "I thought you might." She shifted her position slightly
and then brought her thin lips up to those of her young employee. Amanda
shifted in the seat, keeping her mouth firmly shut, but Miss Brookmere just
squeezed, hard, on the younger woman's captive breast. Amanda couldn't help but
open her mouth, gasping in pain, and the older woman took the opportunity to
slip her tongue into the blonde girl's mouth. Amanda whimpered, but had no
choice but to endure the long, passionate kiss. She was panting by the time the
Miss Brookmere broke the contact, her small, firm breasts heaving in the other
confident woman's hands. Miss Brookmere allowed herself a slight smile as she
removed her hand and straightened up.

     This one was going to be easy.

                                     *****

     "Linda?"

     The slender, dark-haired girl looked up from where she was busily licking
envelopes, a look of trepidation on her pretty face. "Yes Miss Todd?"

     Vanessa Todd, the office technical expert, couldn't help but smirk as she
looked at the eager, frightened face of the office girl. The little slut
certainly hadn't been this compliant last year when she'd started work at UA.
But things had changed. "Come here, girl," she ordered, taking off her glasses.

     Linda put down the envelopes she had been holding and hurried over,
walking as swiftly as she could in her four-inch heels and tight miniskirt
while still swinging her hips as she had been taught. The other woman watched
appreciatively, brushing her mousy brown hair out of her eyes as the girl
approached. She felt a tingling in her pussy as she noted the care the girl was
taking to walk as sexily as possible. Janine had worked wonders with the girl.

     Linda reached the side of the desk and waited for the next order. The look
of revulsion, only partially hidden beneath a pouty smile - also Janine's work
- demonstrated that she knew what that order would be. Sure enough, the other
woman made a short gesture towards the floor at the side of her desk. Trying to
look expectant and eager, the dark-haired girl immediately knelt down beside
the desk, keeping her eyes carefully downcast. Miss Todd gripped her face in
her hand and turned it upwards, staring into the office girl's eyes.

     "Since the new girl arrived," she said quietly, again brushing a stray
lock of hair out of her face with her free hand, "you haven't been able to
serve us as you normally do." The younger girl swallowed. "Do you miss it?"

     Linda nodded without hesitation, but a slight grimace gave her away. The
training could only do so much. Miss Todd smiled, though, not angry; she
preferred it when they didn't like it.

     It was more fun that way.

     Still...

     "Tell me," she demanded.

     Discipline was everything.

     "Yes Miss Todd," the girl said, voice small. "I miss serving you as I
n-normally do."

     "Good." The technical expert pushed her chair back from her desk and
gestured between her legs. "Because you're going to do it now."

     Linda hung her head, blanketing her flushed face with a curtain of hair.
"Yes, Miss Todd." The girl crawled into the space beneath the desk and, as the
older woman brought her chair back up against the side of the desk, buried her
pretty face under her skirt and began to work at her pussy, licking and
slurping with all the skill she had developed over the last year. Vanessa
moaned and, almost immediately, began squirming in her seat. The girl had
certainly improved over the course of the year - a much more useful education
than they gave you at some bloody business school, or wherever the slut had
been studying...

                                     *****

     "Now," Miss Brookmere said sternly, moving around the desk and taking her
seat, "what were we talking about?"

     "Uhmm..." Amanda was clearly flustered by what had just happened. "My
n-new... duties."

     "Yes," the older woman agreed. "That's correct. But before I go on, I'd
like you to do something for me."

     Amanda sat, waiting.

     "While I speak," her boss said, "I want you to masturbate."

     "What!?!" Amanda jumped to her feet, releasing her white- knuckle hold on
the arms of the chair. "You're crazy! I'm not going to..."

     "SIT DOWN!" The young blonde's protests were cut off as the other woman
slapped her hand down on the table with a loud bang. "Sit down and hold your
tongue."

     Amanda opened her mouth as though to continue her protest, but quickly
thought better of it and dropped back into the chair. Miss Brookmere got up,
walked around the desk and put a hand on the girl's shoulder. "Listen and
listen well young lady: you made your choice. If you want to leave, you do so
now. But if you do, you might as well head directly to the police station. If
you stay, you do what I tell you. Do I make myself clear?"

     The blonde girl began to tremble. "B-but, I..."

     Miss Brookmere nodded as she felt the trembling beneath her hand. Another
typical reaction. The hopelessness of the girl's situation was finally
beginning to sink in.

      Time for the next approach...

     "Now now," the older woman interrupted, her voice soft and comforting,
"it's not so bad." She reached down and began unbuttoning the girl's blouse.
Amanda continued to tremble, but she didn't say anything. When the front fell
open, the grey- haired woman reached slowly around and undid the bra, leaving
the girl's breasts half exposed. The blonde girl started when her employer
cupped one of her almost naked breasts, but didn't pull away. "There... that
feels good, doesn't it?" The older woman rubbed her fingers along her captive's
nipple.

     Amanda bit her lip and looked down, her face flushing red with
humiliation, but she nodded. It *did* feel good. "That's right..." Miss
Brookmere brought her other arm down, grasped the girl's right hand and brought
it up to where she was squeezing and fondling the girl's breasts. Gently, she
placed the girl's hand on the breast and gave a squeeze. "Go on," she
whispered. "It'll feel good." Obediently, staring straight ahead as though in a
trance, Amanda began to cup and fondle her own breast, doing to herself what
her boss had been doing to her moments earlier.

     Smiling, Miss Brookmere slid her wrinkled hand down, across the girl's
exposed stomach and under the waistband of her skirt. Amanda whimpered quietly
as she felt the older woman's hand on her pussy, but she didn't protest, or
stop fondling her own breast. Nor did she complain when she felt the older
woman's fingers slip under her panties and start rubbing the outside of her
pussy. After playing with the girl's pussy for a few moments, the woman
withdrew her hand and used it to pull the younger girl's skirt up around her
waist.

     "Now," she ordered, "sit up in the seat."

     Amanda did as she was told, still in a trance.

     "Take off your panties."

     The blonde girl chocked back a sob, but obeyed the order, pushing the
narrow strip of cloth down her legs and onto the floor.

     "Drape your legs over the edge of the chair."

     A tear trickled down her cheek, but Amanda did as she was ordered. In
moments, her pussy was lewdly displayed, a long, pink gash between her widely
spread legs. Miss Brookmere considered the scene with appreciation: between the
widely spread legs and exposed breasts peeping through the open blouse, the
girl made a very attractive picture.

      A perfect office girl.

     Onto the next stage...

     "Now," she said sternly, returning to her own seat behind the desk,
"you'll do as you're told. I ordered you to masturbate. You'll do it until I
tell you to stop." She looked the girl in the eye. "Is that clear?"

     Lip quivering, the blonde girl nodded.

     "Tell me!"

     "Yes, Miss Brookmere," Amanda stuttered, broken. "I'm to m- masturbate
until you tell me to stop."

     "Fine. Get to it."

     Hesitantly, as tears flooded her green eyes, the blonde girl dropped her
left hand to her spread pussy and began to play with herself. The other hand
continued to fondle and tease her exposed breasts...

                                     *****

     "Ohhh..."

     Vanessa Todd was well on her way to an orgasm when the office door swung
open and another woman walked in, holding a file folder. The newcomer was a
blonde woman, about forty years old and extremely fat. Miss Todd immediately
sat up in her seat and pretended to look busy.

     "Hi Janine," she greeted, trying to keep her voice normal.

     The blonde woman wasn't fooled; she had seen her friend in this state
before. Smiling, she walked up to the desk. "You know the rules," she chided
gently, her tone taking the sting out of the criticism. "Nothing until the new
girl is hired."

     Vanessa nodded and smiled ruefully, acknowledging the mild rebuke, but
nodded towards the boss's office. "Carol's lowering the boom right now." She
pushed her chair back and dragged the current office girl out by her hair. "You
know what that means, don't you little one?" Linda, who had heard the comment
about 'lowering the boom' on Amanda nodded, a genuine smile appearing on her
lips for the first time in months. "Well," Miss Todd told her, "you're not done
yet."

     She pushed the younger girl's face back down between her legs and turned
back to her friend. "Is that it?" she asked, pointing to the file folder.

     "Yup." The large blonde woman threw the folder down on the desk. "Take a
look." The technician grinned, her breathing heavy as she opened the folder and
examined the contents. She went through every page, one by one, as the orgasm
built and built and...

     Finally, she dropped the folder and came, gripping the sides of the desk
as her legs spasmed and kicked uncontrollably. Underneath the desk, Linda
fought to draw breath as the other woman's thighs ground together on the side
of her head, forcing her nose and mouth hard up against the woman's sopping
pussy. This went on for a good ten seconds as the large blonde woman looked
anxiously at the door to Carol Brookmere's office. It wouldn't do to get
caught...

     The orgasm finally subsided. With a long, tremulous sigh, the brown-haired
technician pushed her chair back from the desk and allowed Linda to crawl out
from between her spread legs. The young office girl was still gasping for
breath, her face shiny and bangs plastered to her forehead with pussy juice.
Miss Todd gestured, and the girl immediately resumed her place, kneeling beside
the desk. As trained, she made no move to wipe the fluid from her face.
Smiling, the brown-haired woman ran her index finger along the girl's cheek,
gathering up a dollop of her own glistening juices. She held the soaked finger
in front of the girl's trembling lips. Without a word of protest, the office
girl parted her lips and took the woman's finger into her mouth, sucking it
dry.

     "Good, isn't it?"

     "Mmmm, yes," the girl breathed, still sucking on the finger. "Good."

     Laughing, the brown-haired woman looked up at her friend. "Want a turn?"
she asked. "I think Carol might be busy for a little while yet."

     The heavy blonde woman glanced at the closed door to her boss's office and
then nodded her head. "Send her over," she said, walking across the room to her
own desk.

     Miss Todd looked down and pulled her finger from the girl's mouth. "Do you
want to suck the pussy of your blonde mistress?"

     Linda looked like she was about to cry, but she answered with enthusiasm:
"Yes please."

      "Off you go then," Miss Todd ordered, giving the girl a shove. "Doggie
walk." Smirking, she watched as the office girl crossed the room on her hands
and knees, ass swaying under the mini-skirt. The technician appreciated the
view, particularly as the girl wasn't wearing any underwear. It had been weeks
since the girl had 'entertained' a male customer (a part of her duties at the
company), but Carol made 'easy access' a firm policy for office girls. You
never knew when someone might drop by. Linda eventually reached the other side
of the room and slithered into her accustomed place beneath the secretary's
desk.

     Across the room, Vanessa Todd grinned maliciously as she sorted through
the content of the file folder...

                                     *****

     Miss Brookmere watched for a few moments as her young employee masturbated
on the chair in front of her. When she was satisfied that the girl was hard at
work, she adjusted her glasses and turned her attention to some papers on her
desk. The moment her attention strayed, however, the blonde girl pulled her
hand away from her gaping pussy. The older woman had expected this, and reacted
immediately: "Did I tell you to stop?" she asked angrily.

     Amanda, flushing red with humiliation, could only shake her head in
silence.

     "Well then," Miss Brookmere said sternly, "you'd best continue then. When
you've had an orgasm - a *real* orgasm, mind; I can tell the difference - then
we'll discuss your new duties. Until then, you'll sit there with your fingers
up your slit." The grey-haired woman turned her attention back to her work. The
blonde girl stared in disbelief for a few moments, shocked as much by the
language her boss had used as the orders she had been given, but then slowly
brought her hand back to her exposed pussy. She began rubbing...

     Miss Brookmere continued to work at her desk while her humiliated young
employee played with herself in front of her, desperately trying to bring
herself off. The older woman couldn't help but admire Amanda's technique as the
girl's long, slender fingers slid up and down along her pussy, expertly teasing
her fully exposed clit. The little blonde slut clearly knew what she was doing.
And, despite the humiliation of her position, the girl was becoming flushed and
her breathing was getting heavy. The older woman felt her own pussy beginning
to tingle as she imagined the feel of the girl's fingers... the teasing touch
of her soon-to-be well trained tongue, lapping...

     Well, time enough for that later.

     One had to build up to these things. The girl seemed compliant, but...

     "Oh."

     There it was. It wasn't big; it wasn't earth-shattering, or dramatic in
any sense of the word, but it was real.

     The girl had cum.

     Miss Brookmere laid her pen down on the desk.

     "Now," she began, as the blonde girl sat panting, legs spread and fingers
glistening with her own pussy juice, "regarding your new..." She stopped
speaking. "You've stopped."

     Amanda swallowed. "I... uh..."

     Ms Brookmere opened her desk drawer and pulled out an object. She flicked
a switch and it began to buzz: a vibrator. A pink, plastic vibrator. She placed
it on the desk in front of the blonde girl. "Use this," she ordered. Amanda
froze for a few moments, looking at the buzzing object as if it were a
poisonous snake, but eventually reached over to take it gingerly in her hand.

     The older woman smiled as her young employee brought the vibrator down and
began massaging her clit with it. For a tense moment it had looked as if the
girl might refuse, but it hadn't happened. The girl had made her decision and
appeared to be prepared to do what she had to do to get through it. Already,
her breath was starting to become short as the plastic toy did its work.

     "Well then, regarding your new position." She sat back in her chair and
adjusted her glasses. "As you've no doubt noticed, the company is not in need
of any sort of restructuring at this time. However, there are a number of tasks
around the office with which you can be of assistance. Vanessa often needs
reports typed; the filing is always a mess; the stock rooms always need
cleaning..."

     "But," the blonde girl interrupted, slightly breathless from the feeling
of the vibrator in her pussy, "that's... that's what Linda does! I'm a..."

     Miss Brookmere laughed. She just couldn't help it. Here the girl was,
breasts dangling in full view, legs spread, pussy gaping and filled with a
vibrator, and she was concerned about being given a job that was beneath her
capabilities. Well, she'd learn soon enough; there were no longer any jobs that
were beneath her.

     "That is correct," the older woman smiled. "You will be the new office
girl. Linda is leaving us at the end of the week." Amanda opened her mouth to
argue, but the hopelessness of her position seemed to overwhelm her. She had no
choice; it was either do what she was told, or go to jail. And she had made her
decision. "Of course," Ms Brookmere continued, "since you will be performing
what is essentially unskilled labour, your pay will be commensurably less.
However, with the money you will be saving on rent..."

     "S-saving on..." Amanda was panting now, and her nipples peeked, rock hard
from her half-open blouse; the vibrator was doing its work.

     "Yes. You will be moving in with me." Once again, Miss Brookmere's pussy
began to tingle at the thought of this beautiful young blonde moving into her
house. She already had the appropriate 'items' laid out at home: dog collar;
cuffs; strap on dildos...

     "Excuse me."

     Her thoughts were interrupted as Vanessa Todd stuck her head into the
office. "Sorry to interrupt, but I need your decision on the, uh... option
buy-out."

      Ms Brookmere looked at Amanda. The girl had gone beet red at the
intrusion, at the prospect of someone else seeing her in this condition. But
she hadn't stopped playing with herself.

     Good; the one *was* going to be easy.

     "Bring me the offers," she said, sighing.

     Duty called.

     The brown-haired technician approached the desk and placed the file folder
in front of her boss. She glanced down and smirked as she saw Amanda's spread
open pussy and exposed breasts. She itched to reach down and cop a feel, but
resisted the urge. Time enough for that later. The blonde girl looked down in
humiliation, unable to meet the other woman's eyes. 'Far cry from the arrogant
bitch who started her a few weeks ago,' Vanessa thought to herself.

     She couldn't wait to feel the bitch's tongue on her pussy...

     Miss Brookmere opened the folder and paged through the contents. It
contained half a dozen pieces of paper, all offers to buy out the option
contained in Linda's contract. Of course the company had renewed the option on
the one year contract - Linda didn't know yet; there was no notice requirement
- and now it was just a matter of determining the party to whom their rights
under the contract were to be sold.

     The first offer was from a Scottish couple, Nigel and Miriam Hammersmith.
They were looking for a new 'domestic'. Ms Brookmere considered and then put
the offer aside. Nigel and Miriam were dear friends, but all things being
equal, she preferred to sell out to someone in the field.

     The remaining offers all fit that description: one was from a mining
operation in Alaska; another came from a petroleum and natural gas exploration
unit in the middle east. After a few moments' thought, Miss Brookmere chose to
accept an offer from the crew of an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico. United
Analysis had done several deals with that company over the last few years, and
she felt that they deserved the chance - it must get so lonely for the men on
the rig. Besides, she reflected, poor Linda never did learn to enjoy sex with
other women; it seemed only fair to place her in a position where she'd be
surrounded by men. After all, she would be working there for the next several
years...

     Her decision made, Miss Brookmere closed the folder and handed the oil rig
offer to her employee. "This is the one," she stated. "I trust you can make all
the necessary arrangements for shipping by the weekend?"

     Vanessa looked at the paper and grinned. "No problem," she answered,
turning to leave the office. "I'll see to it right away." The woman glanced
down at the new office girl as she left the office. The younger girl was
panting now, running the buzzing vibrator in and out of her sopping pussy. She
seemed oblivious, lost in her own world.

     Ms Brookmere sighed as her secretary left the office. She wished that she
could be there when they told Linda what was to become of her. The poor girl
had no idea that the option on her contract had been renewed - that it *could*
be renewed; she expected to be discharged at the end of the week, having paid
her 'debt' to the company. The grey-haired woman couldn't help but imagine the
scene when Vanessa, after securing the girl for shipping, would tell her what
was happening: the panic; the tears; the begging...

     It wasn't to be, though. She had other duties. Besides, sometimes it
strengthened character to deny oneself these little pleasures.

     "Ahhh..."

     She was interrupted from her thoughts as the new office girl experienced
another orgasm. Miss Brookmere licked her lips as she regarded the girl, legs
splayed, pussy exposed and dripping, breasts glistening with sweat...

     The new office girl.

     One pleasure, she promised herself, she would experience to the fullest...

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
                    As usual, all comments are appreciated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





