BDSM Library - Jenny Comes Home Late




Jenny Comes Home Late
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: High school senior Jenny gets home much later than her curfew, earning her mother's wrath and her stepfather's discipline. As her punishment unfolds, she realizes just what a naughty little girl she is.
Jenny Comes Home Late

It had been a perfect night for Jenny; she had a great date with
Bill and he had fucked her so hard after the movie, she thought to
herself. It was so nice Bill's parents were out of town and they
could do it in his bed instead of in his car, like the usually did.
However, as she was driving home from Bill's, she did notice than
she kind of missed the sense of being confined, almost trapped in
the backseat while Bill fucked her. The backseat was so small she
could barely move once he got inside her.

When Jenny got home, she was concerned to see that the kitchen
light was on. It was almost 2 AM and Jenny had counted on her
parents going to bed at 10:30 like they do every night. She wasn't
supposed to be out past midnight and getting home now was certain
to set her parents off.

You see, Jenny's parents, although they did relent and allow her,
finally, in her senior year of high school, to be out until
midnight one night per week, were extremely strict. She was the
youngest of three sisters, with a younger half-brother as well, and
neither of her older sisters was ever allowed to stay out past ten
until they moved out of the house, which, for each of them was
about a week after they graduated from high school. Their first two
daughters must have relaxed them somehow, so they allowed Jenny to
stay out to the "ungodly hour," in the words of her stepfather, of
midnight occasionally.

Jenny tired to be quiet as she unlocked the front door and tiptoed
into the dark living room. She didn't hear a sound and she thought
she was home clear, thinking that maybe her parents had simply
forgotten to turn off the light when they went up to bed. She
waited a moment for her eyes to adjust to the darkness so she
wouldn't bump into anything and wake her parents up. After she
could see again, she slipped off her shoes to make her way across
the wooden floor of the living room, and started walking towards
the stairs. But just as she put her foot on the first step of the
stairs, she heard the light switch click and was blinded
momentarily as all the lights in the living room went on.

"Where the hell have you been?" she heard her stepfather boom. She
looked over and saw her parents standing near the door leading to
the kitchen, looking as pissed off as she had ever seen them. She
started to stammer something about Bill's car running out of gas,
but her mother just screamed at her, "We're tired of your lies you
little slut." Her stepfather simply stared at her and told her she
needed to be taught a lesson. She knew what this meant, and she
winced as she thought about it.

Her stepfather strode across the dining room and pulled a chair out
from the table, sliding it across the wooden floor. "Get over
here," he instructed. Jenny knew what was coming; she had
experienced the slap of his hand across her tender ass so many
times since her mother remarried. Her mother had always been the
strict one, but it was her stepfather that was the enforcer. What
Jenny could never decide on exactly, though, was whether he did it
because her mother wanted him to, or because he enjoyed doing it
himself.

Her stepfather turned the chair so its seat faced her, and told her
to bend over. Jenny bent over at her waist, pressing her palms
against the lightly padded seat of the dining room chair. As she
bent over, her skirt rode up her thighs ever so slightly, exposing
the slight curves of her ass cheeks as the met her legs. Her mother
just stood by the wall, watching, approvingly. Jenny's mother
couldn't see her ass, thankfully. She couldn't see how indecent the
skirt was for any decent girl to wear. Jenny almost shuddered about
the last time her mother caught her in a too-short skirt, and how
she couldn't wear any skirt for days until the bruises on her upper
thighs had healed.

Jenny thought to herself that, thank God, she was only eight months
away from graduating from high school, only eight months from
leaving this house. At times counting the days until she left was
the only solace she could find in her existence.

She was ripped from her thoughts with loud smack and shooting pain
from her stepfather's hand coming down so firmly on her ass. She
winced as she felt her stepfather's hand linger briefly on her ass
and then pull away as he said, " Do you realize how much you break
your mother's heart?" And then she felt the hand come down on her
ass again. Her stepfather had such a strong, firm hand as he struck
her. As she looked ahead she could see her stepfather's reflecting
in the mirror above the walnut sideboard. For his age, he was a
good-looking man, in shape with hair graying to match the steely
eyes set in a slightly tanned face. Jenny never understood exactly
what he saw in his mother, a mousy shrew of a woman with three
daughters to support.

Before she contemplated it any further she felt his hand come down
on her again. He was starting to get a rhythm going as he spoke and
spanked, "You" smack! ":naughty" smack! "little" smack! "girl"
smack! Jenny could feel her ass getting warmer and warmer with each
strike. Her mother just stared on, looking disgusted with her,
shaking her head. Tears started to form in her eyes and her
breathing started to heave as she started to say she was sorry.

Her mother just screamed at her, "Don't tell me you're sorry you
lying little tramp. You disgust me." Her mother then looked at her
stepfather as she said, "I'm too embarrassed to even look at her. I
can't believe I gave birth to that slut. I'm going to bed, you make
sure she learns her lesson." She thought she saw a small smile on
her stepfather's face in the mirror as her mother turned and went
up the stairs.

As she heard feet going up the stairs her stepfather asked her "Why
do you want to break your mother's heart like that?" She started to
say that she didn't mean to, but before she could even get the
sentence out, his hand came down again on her ass, where it paused
slightly as he rubbed it. "Getting warmer" is all he said. He then
started spanking her, alternating from cheek to cheek, spank,
squeeze, rub, spank, squeeze, rub, spank, squeeze, rub. She was
starting to feel kind of dizzy from how much it hurt, and her knees
were began to wobble.

His hand was cupped, and every time he spanked her left ass cheek,
she could feel his fingers lightly bounce against her panties. He
kept spanking her, telling her how naughty she had been, how she
had to learn to be a good little girl, and how he was going to
teach her. Her ass was burning, but each time his hand came down
she could also feel the light brush against her panties, and she
could feel herself getting aroused. This made her cry even more.

Finally, there was a pause in the spanking. "Your mother wanted to
make sure you learn your lesson, and I think those panties are
interfering with your education." Jenny cried out "No!!" but her
stepfather just said "I think so. There's nothing like a bare-ass
spanking to make sure you learn." She could feel his fingers hook
around the sides of her panties and start to pull them down. She
flinched as the cool air hit her wet pussy as it was exposed. She
was humiliated, knowing that her stepfather would be able to see
her intense state of arousal. But if he noticed, he said nothing
about it. He only said, "that's better, now you'll really feel it."

And the spanking began again, and again his hand was cupped as he
spanked her, spank, squeeze rub. But now, with her panties off, she
could feel his strong fingers glance across her pussy lips,
sometimes rubbing between them ever so slightly. Spank, squeeze,
rub. And she could feel herself getting wetter and wetter. She
couldn't help herself as she moved her feet apart slightly,
exposing more of her cunt to each of her stepfather's slaps, making
it more likely that his fingers would slip between her pussy lips
with each strike.

"You are a little slut, aren't you" her stepfather said. "You like
this, don't you? Just like your sisters." Jenny cried, "No!" but
her stepfather was moving his fingers between her legs, feeling
into her pussy. "Your pussy is sopping wet, Jenny, don't tell me
you're not a slut. You get turned on just showing your ass to me,
don't you?" Jenny was silent. "Don't you?!" he growled in her ear
as he leaned forward, pressing his fingers deeper into her
fuckhole.

Jenny couldn't help it as she arched her back and pressed her pussy
harder onto his fingers herself. "Aren't you a little slut?" her
stepfather whispered into her ear. She was crying loudly now,
grinding her pussy against his fingers as she softly gasped out
"Yes" between her sobs. She could feel him slip a finger all the
way into her pussy as he said "'Yes,' what?" She started sobbing
and heaving uncontrollably, half from emotion and half from the
orgasm building between her legs as she cried "Yes, I am a little
slut."

He pulled his finger from her pussy and said "That's right you
little tramp" as his hand came down again across her ass. "Daddy,
no" was all she could say. She was gasping as he kept spanking,
rubbing, squeezing her, and she brought her hand up to her pussy.
She could barely feel the pain in her ass, she was so close to
cumming, and she could only think about rubbing her clit.

She felt an extra-hard swat come down across her ass. "Don't play
 with yourself you little slut. Do you know what your mother would
 say if she knew you were playing with yourself?" She started
 crying even more. "Daddy, please" she said. "'Daddy, please,'
 what? Do you want daddy to make you cum you little slut?" Jenny
 started crying so hard again as she sobbed "Yes, daddy, please
 make me cum; I've got to cum; I'm such a little slut. He just said
 "That's right," as he moved his hand down across her soaking
 pussy, rubbing it, getting her wetness all over her pussy, and
 public hair and ass.

She could feel him sticking his thumb in her pussy as his fingers
tapped against her clit. She ground into his hand, she wanted to
cum so badly. He pulled his thumb out and replaced it with two
fingers, playing with her clit with the other fingers. She kept
gyrating feeling her pussy getting wetter and wetter and feeling
the warmth building inside her. And then she felt his thumb
tickling her asshole, and pushing on it as he rubber her clit and
fucked her with his fingers.

She could feel herself about to cum, her breath heaving, her pussy
clamping down on his fingers. And he pushed his thumb into her
asshole, and she bounced harder and harder against his hand as she
started to cum, cum so hard, gasping for breath, barely able to
even keep her legs straight. She was cumming harder than she ever
had. Harder than when she would play with herself, and a lot harder
than Bill had ever made her cum. She was feeling lightheaded from
hyperventilating, and then she felt it finish and all she could do
was fall to her knees, laying her face against the seat of the
chair as she collapsed. She thought she might pass out, but just as
she was about to, she heard her stepfather say, "I didn't say we
were finished yet."

She looked up and watched as her stepfather walked from the dining
room into the living room. "Come with me," he said. Her legs were
so weak and trembling, but Jenny managed to stand up, and walk into
the living room. Her stepfather was sitting down in his big easy
chair. "Come over here, Jenny" he said. She walked over towards
him, as she got to the chair he said, "Now you need to be a good
girl." Jenny replied that she would be a good girl, "I promise,
Daddy." He said, "Good, now be a good girl and suck my cock."

"What?" Jenny said in disbelief. "I made you cum, Jenny, now I need
to cum. And you're going to be a good girl and suck my cock." Jenny
looked down at his crotch. "No, Daddy," was all she could say.
"Jenny, I know you're a little slut, and I know you've sucked cock
before, and I know you're going to suck my cock now. I know you
want to. Don't you want to suck Daddy's cock?" Tears started to
form in Jenny's eyes, not because she was going to have to suck his
cock, but because he was right, she wanted to. She wanted his cock
in her mouth.

She kneeled down in front of him as he told her what a good girl
she was, and she reached up to undo his belt. She pulled his pants
down and off his ankles, leaving his boxers on. She had never seen
her stepfather's cock, except for once when she walked in the
bathroom after he had gotten out of the shower. She was so curious
to see it, to see it hard. She reached her hand into his boxers and
felt his cock. She could feel it start to stiffen in her hand as
she stroked it, lifting it up out of his boxers. She could hear her
stepfather sighing in pleasure as she rubbed it lightly with her
hand, feeling it harden. She could feel it pressing against her
grip as it thickened. It wasn't any longer than some of the boy's
cocks she had sucked or fucked, but it felt much thicker. She
couldn't help wondering how it would feel in her pussy, and she
could feel her juices flowing again.

She started to move her head toward his cock as he said, "That's
right, suck Daddy's cock like a good girl." She opened her mouth
wide to take it in, running her lips down around the top of the
shaft, flicking her tongue against the head, tasting the little
precum that had started to come out. She could feel his cock grow
even wider in her mouth as she bobbed her head up and down, taking
as much of his cock into her mouth as she could. She felt his hand
reaching around to the back of her head, forcing her into a rhythm,
and forcing his cock deeper into her mouth.

She kept sucking, using her tongue and her lips to work his cock.
After a bit more sucking, she lifted her head off his cock and
moved down to licking his balls as she stroked his cock with her
hand. She could hear his breath deepening as she stroked him. She
had to have his cock in her she thought. She had never fucked a
real man, only the boys at school. She had to have his cock in her.
She stopped licking his balls as she looked up at him and asked,
"Daddy, I want you to fuck me." He looked down at her, silent,
almost smirking. She said again, "Daddy, please, I want your cock
in me. I'm so wet." After a few seconds had passed, he said, "I
guess you deserve it."

As her stepfather stood up from the chair, Jenny bent over facing
it, gripping the cushioned arms of it for support and straddling
her feet apart. Her stepfather stepped behind her, stroking her ass
as she presented it to him. She could feel him placing just the tip
of his cock against her cunt lips, stroking them up and down,
pressing in ever so slightly, toying with her. She tried to thrust
herself back onto his cock, but he pulled his cock back as she did.
"You are a little slut, aren't you? Just gotta have cock, don't
you?" All she could say was, "Yes, Daddy, I'm a little slut, please
fuck me, I need your cock." He kept stroking his cock against her
lips, and rubbing it against her clit. She could feel him pressing
it into her lips; against the opening of her pussy as she breathed
deeply in anticipation.

And then he pushed it in. She gasped as she could feel how much
thicker it was than any other cock she had before. He pushed it in
halfway before pulling it back slightly and then pushing it in all
the way. Jenny thought she would cum right then, but then he
started fucking her, slowly at first and then faster. She could
feel his cock jamming into her as his balls slapped against her.
And she could feel another orgasm building up quickly in her. She
could feel herself gasping as the warmth spread through her,
tensing her body as she could feel her pussy releasing even more
lubrication for the thick shaft in her. "Yes, Daddy, fuck me, make
me cum," she cried under her breath, fearing that she would awaken
her mother or brother if she screamed like she wanted to. "Don't
worry, honey, Daddy will make you cum. Daddy's always nice to good
girls." And she felt herself cumming, her cunt tightening around
his cock as she bucked and trembled with an even bigger orgasm than
he had given her not ten minutes before. She couldn't tell whether
she was having one long orgasm or a series of shorter ones, but she
was in a state of complete rapture for over two minutes as he kept
pounding into her pussy.

She could see her vision darkening as she felt more and more
lightheaded, but she couldn't stop cumming. She was cumming even
harder as she could feel her stepfather's cock thickening even more
in her tight pussy, and she could hear him breathing faster. Just
before for she blacked out, she felt him pull his cock out of her.
"Turn around and get on your knees," he said. Jenny was too dazed
to do anything other than what she was told. As she turned, she saw
him stroking his cock. As she kneeled, he told her to open her
mouth which she did. And he put his cock back in her mouth, and she
could taste herself on his cock. She had tasted her fingers after
playing with herself, but she had never tasted herself so strongly
as now, his cock being completely slick with her juices.

She reached her hand up and played with his balls, as his cock
fucked her mouth. After only a few seconds she felt his cum
shooting into her mouth. She tasted the hot salty liquid as it
filled her mouth, his hand on her head keeping her from pulling
away. Her mouth kept filling, and she thought she was going to
drown, but she managed to swallow it as she kept sucking him,
sucking every last drop of cum out of his cock as it began to
soften in her mouth.

Finally he pulled his cock from her mouth. "I knew you could be a
good little girl. Now you run up to bed. You have to be up for
school in four hours." She started to walk toward the stairs, but
stopped as her stepfather cleared his throat. "Aren't you
forgetting something?" he asked. She realized she was and walked
over to him as he was sitting on the chair, leaned over and kissed
him on the cheek. "Good night, Daddy," she whispered. "Good night,
Jenny," he replied.

As she turned and walked upstairs, Jenny dreaded having to get up
for school. Then she remembered that her stepfather was going to
take the day off tomorrow, or today really, to work on the old
sports car he was restoring. Maybe if she asked him nicely he could
get her out of school tomorrow. And she smiled to herself, as she
knew just how she would ask him.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WhoKnows


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





