BDSM Library - Greg's Story




Greg's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Greg & Heidi Cole find a vacation in Morocco much more than they anticipated.  A wealthy Shiek finds Heidi just what he was looking for.
This story was written at the request of a couple who wished to live a fantasy
through my writings.  The plot suggested by them, the result is one of my own
encompassing real life people in a make believe world.  This is for adults only
and those under twenty-one are asked to go elsewhere.  The writer does not
suggest that the events of this narrative are appropriate for actual practice;
in other words, don't carry out these maneuvers in your own home.  As always,
the author retains ownership and prohibits copying, posting or publishing
without prior permission.




Chapter One

Greg

The Boeing 747 circles as we start our descent into the airport at Algiers.  
Heidi and I stare out at the window in awe.  We are about to begin the vacation 
of our lifetime; one that we have planned since we were married three years ago.

I met Heidi when she was a contestant in the State Beauty Pageant.  While she 
was one of the runner-ups, I always thought she was the most gorgeous woman I 
had ever seen.   A blue-eyed blonde, she was the perfect 36-23-34.  I was 
handling the publicity for the pageant and we became acquainted.  After a couple 
of dates, it was clear that we both felt we were made for each other.  Three 
months later we moved in with each other and six months after that we were 
married.

The plane touched down and everyone began to retrieve his or her luggage from 
the overhead racks.

"Oh, Greg, I can hardly wait!  Heidi grabbed my arm and in her best Peter Lorre 
imitation said, "Take me to the Casbah!"  I laughed as the aisle cleared and we 
got off of the plane.

Immigration went fairly quickly and we caught a cab to our hotel.  As we were 
walking in, a man approached me, wearing a big smile and handed me a card.  
Glancing down at it, I saw that his name was Pepe Renault and he ran an escorted 
tour service.  I started to hand the card back to him, but he had disappeared.  
Not thinking about it any further, I stuffed the card in my pocket and went into 
the hotel to the registration desk.

The two of us quickly unpacked our luggage and changed clothes.  Thirty minutes 
after landing, we were on the streets, eager to visit the myriad of shops in 
this ancient city.

Heidi stuck out like a sore thumb among the crowd of people; not so much for her 
beauty (which she was) but her blond hair was unique amongst these Northern 
Africans.  Everywhere we went people would stare at her and I swelled up with 
pride that my wife was so attractive.

After we visited several shops I was startled to see the same man who had given 
me his card at the hotel.  He seemed to be watching us from a distance but never 
approaching us again.  Finally, as we left one of the shops, he was waiting at 
the entrance.

"Pardon me, sir, but may I be of assistance?"

"No, thanks," I replied, "we're just doing a little shopping."

"But I can take you to an area that has tremendous bargains.  What were you 
looking for?"

"Well, my wife is interested in jewelry," I replied, amazed that I was carrying 
on such a conversation with a complete stranger.

"Ahh, I see!" he exclaimed.  "I know the perfect place.  If you will allow me, I 
can take you there now in my car.  It is just around the corner."

"Well  . .I don't know. . ."

"Oh, Greg!" Heidi exclaimed.  "Let's do it!  I haven't seen anything yet that I 
like.  Maybe this gentleman is right.  What could it hurt?"

"Oh, OK, " I reply, begrudgingly.  "Where is your car, Mr. Renault?"

"Please, call me Pepe.  It's just around the corner."

We walked around the corner and got into Pepe's car.  A small Volkswagen bug, I 
sat in the back and Heidi sat in the front with Pepe.  Off we went through the 
streets of Algiers, crowded with people and more cars.  After a somewhat long 
drive, both the traffic and the people began to thin out and soon we stopped in 
front of a store on a deserted street.  Pepe hopped out and opened the door for 
Heidi who eagerly joined him in front of the store.  Apprehensively, I climbed 
out of the VW and stared at the  dilapidated building in front of me.  Warily, I 
follow Pepe and Heidi into the store.

Heidi

I can hardly contain my excitement as Greg and I leave the hotel on our first 
shopping expedition in Algiers.  The streets are bustling with people and cars, 
just as I had imagined it would be.  Store after store we shopped but I couldn't 
find anything of real interest.  When Pepe met us, I was willing to try 
anything.  I think my disappointment showed because Greg agreed to let Pepe take 
us to a different part of the city.

When we pulled up in front of the store, I was so eager to see what they had, I 
didn't even wait for Greg to get out of the car before I was in the shop.  Sure 
enough, they had a delightful array of gems mounted in necklaces, rings and 
pendants.  The prices seemed rather high but I could see that the quality was 
far better than anything I had seen up to now.  When Greg joined me at my side, 
I held up an emerald pendant to my throat and turned to him.

"What do you think?"

"Stunning!  I like the pendant too."

"Oh, you!  Will you buy it for me?"

"How much is it?" Greg asked the shopkeeper.  

"150,000 dinars."

"Let's see," Greg said, "that's about $2,000."

"Oui, Monsieur."

"OK," Greg said, "you've got yourself a pendant, Heidi."

'Oh, Greg!" I shouted, "I love you!"

We paid for the jewel and left the store.  Pepe drove us back to our hotel and 
we thanked him for his help.

Pepe

The instant I saw her, I knew.  I rushed to the nearest phone at the airport and 
dialed the number.  A voice answered and I said, "Let me speak to the Sheik.  
This is Pepe Renault."

"Yes.  Your highness, I have a brilliant prospect for your harem.  A young 
American, perhaps no more than twenty-eight.  Perfect body and blonde hair. . 
.Yes. . .Of course. . .I will have it arranged.  Yes, Sir."

Greg

Back in our hotel room, Heidi laid down on the bed to rest while I took a 
shower.  When I came out, she had taken off her clothes and was lying on the bed 
with her legs spread wide apart.  The emerald pendent was resting just above the 
cleft between her thighs.  She was grinning like a Cheshire cat.

"Think I ought to wear it here?" she asked, teasingly.  

I laughed.  Just as I was about to join her on the bed, there was a knock on the 
door.  Heidi quickly drew the covers over herself and I wrapped the towel around 
my waist, hoping my erection wasn't too obvious.

"Yes?" I asked, standing at the door.

"Mr. Cole.  We are the Algerian police.  Please open the door."

Puzzled, I unlocked the safety chain and opened the door to find two men 
standing in the hall.  Both of them were dressed in black suits, white shirts 
and black ties.  They were also wearing dark sunglasses, which obscured their 
eyes.

"Mr. Cole, we have had a complaint that you have stolen some jewelry.  I have an 
order to search your room."

"You must be crazy!" I replied.  "The only jewelry we have acquired here is the 
pendant my wife is holding, and I have the sales receipt!"

"Nevertheless, I have my orders.  Please step aside."

Dumbfounded, I step back, allowing them into our room.  Heidi draws the covers 
up beneath her chin, a worried look in her eyes.  One of the men begins to go 
through our dresser drawers while the other rifles through the pockets of my 
trousers.  Then he takes Heidi's purse and empties it onto the top of the 
dresser.  A large diamond ring falls out to my utter amazement.

"I. . .I. . .I don't know how that got in there!" I protest.  "Heidi, do you 
know anything about this?"

"No!  Of course not!"

For a moment, I think she's coming out from beneath the covers but she simply 
draws them up tighter under her chin.  I catch the two men staring at her and 
see the object of their interest - Heidi's nipples are clearly visible through 
the thin fabric of the sheet.  She realizes this at the same time and crosses 
her arms over her chest.

"Someone must have put that in there without our knowledge!" I protest as the 
two men stare at us solemnly.

"The two of you will have to come with me to the station.  Get dressed."

The two men made no move to leave the room and Heidi and I stood there is 
stunned silence.

"I said Get Dressed!" the man shouted, drawing a gun from under his coat and 
pointing it at me.

Embarrassed and concerned, I turned and slipped on my trousers and a shirt.  
Heidi did her best to cover herself with a sheet while she retreated to the 
bathroom.  I handed her a dress and some panties and she soon reappeared, red-
eyed.  I knew she was frightened but I had nothing to offer her at that time to 
ease her fears.

At the police station, we were herded into separate rooms.  My last glimpse of 
Heidi was as she disappeared into another room with a female guard.  We were not 
to see each other again until the trial.

Heidi

"Alright, get those clothes off!" the woman guard commanded.

If I was terrified before, it was nothing compared to the way I felt just then.  
Everything had happened so fast, I could hardly take it all in.  Surely this was 
a bad dream and I would awaken soon to find Greg lying next to me in bed.

"Hurry it up!"

Mesmerized by the strident voice of the guard, I unbuttoned the dress and 
slipped it from my shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor around my feet.  
I stood timidly with my arms crossed across my breasts, trembling a bit in 
embarrassment.

"All of it, you little bitch!" she shouted, pointing to my thong panties.  

I began to cry then as I hooked my thumbs in the side of my panties and shrugged 
them from my hips where they joined my dress at my feet.  It seemed pointless to 
try to resist this woman who outweighed me by at least 75 pounds.  She pointed 
to a table that I had not noticed when we first entered the room: a complete 
gynecological examination bench with stirrups at one end.

"Up on the table with your feet in the stirrups!"

Completely humiliated now but too terrified to disobey, I climbed up and lay 
down with my feet raised in the stirrups; my legs spread wide enough that there 
was no concealing my inner most secrets.  Instinctively, my hand went between my 
legs to cover my sex.

"Hands at your sides!  The doctor will be in shortly."

As she spoke, a man in a white coat appeared in my vision, standing between my 
legs.

"Ah, a pretty one here, Emelda.  Why has she been arrested?"

"Theft."

"Noooo, I didn't steal anything!" I wailed, tears flowing from my eyes.  "This 
is all a horrible mistake!"

The man stepped forward and bent down to look between my legs.  Reaching out, he 
thrust his finger into my pussy as I jerked in response.  Round and round he ran 
his finger, probing my most sensitive flesh until I thought I would scream.  
Then his hand moved and I gasped as he inserted a finger into my ass.  A moan 
escaped my lips as he probed harder and harder.  If I could have died just then, 
death would have been welcome.

"She's clean," he pronounced as he straightened up. "Nothing hidden."  

"OK", the guard announced.  "You can stand up now.  Here, put this on."  She 
held out a plain cotton shift, open at the neck and shoulders.  It was really 
not much more than a longish sack with three holes at the top.  Grateful for any 
type of cover, I quickly slid it over my head.  I found that it did little to 
cover my breasts, which were clearly visible, both from the front and the sides.  
Still it gave me a sense of modesty that I welcomed.

"Follow me," she announced, turning and going through another door from the one 
we had first entered.  Completely subdued, I meekly followed her down a long 
hall and then down three flights of stairs.  At the bottom of the steps, I found 
myself in a long row of barred cells.  The woman led me to one at the far end 
and opened the door.

"In here."

As I entered the cell, the doors slammed shut behind me and at that moment I 
felt more alone than at any time in my life.











































Chapter Two
Heidi

Our trial comes two days later.  We have not had a lawyer nor does it appear 
that we will have one.  As we stand before the judge, there is no jury as well.  
Greg is by my side, wearing a dirty denim shirt and cotton trousers.  He holds 
my hand as the judge peers down at us.

"From the evidence submitted to me, I must find you guilty of theft against the 
people of Algeria.  I sentence the two of you to twenty-five years of hard 
labor!"

Greg gasps and I grab his arm to keep from fainting.  Twenty-five years!  I 
can't believe what I'm hearing!

"Your Honor," Greg is saying, "please!  Have mercy on us.  I don't know how the 
ring got into my wife's purse!  There has been a terrible mistake."

"Yes, I hear that a lot," said the judge.  "I will waive the sentence if you 
repay double the amount of the ring's value.  Seven million dinars."

"Why, that's almost $100,000!  I haven't got that kind of money!"  I look at 
Greg and his expression is one of disbelief.

"There is one other alternative.  "Your wife will stand at auction with the 
proceeds to repay the value of the ring."

"Auction?  What does that mean?"

"She will be sold to the highest bidder for one year of servility."

'Oh, no!  That's impossible!"

"Wait, Greg," I cry.  "One year against twenty-five.  I don't want to spend 
twenty-five years in jail!  One year doesn't sound too bad."

"Heidi, you don't know what can happen.  There must be another way."

The judge rapped the desk with a gavel.

"I have given you two options. Either pay the seven million dinars or allow your 
wife to stand at auction.  Unless you do one or the other in five minutes, the 
two of you will be taken to the prison where you will spend the next twenty-five 
years."

"Greg, please!" I plead.  "One year can pass quickly.  Judge, I will stand at 
auction!"

Greg

When I heard the sentence of the judge, my heart was in my throat.  Twenty-five 
years!  Then, when he offered the opportunity to disregard this by having Heidi 
stand at auction, I was immediately skeptical.  This sounded too easy.  
Servility can mean a number of things but Heidi seemed so anxious to avoid the 
long prison term, I couldn't see any other way.  Hopefully, a kind person will 
be the high bidder and she will simply have to perform household duties for a 
year.


The Judge

"Yes, your Highness, it has been arranged.  Yes, they have agreed to the 
auction.  It will be tomorrow in the market at 3:00 P.M.  Yes, I have one other 
female to auction; an African woman from Kenya who was arrested for 
prostitution.  Very well, I will make arrangements for your arrival."

Heidi

The policewoman comes for me the next afternoon.  She places leather cuffs 
around my wrists and locks them together with a short piece of chain.  Kneeling 
down, she then places similar leather bands around my ankles.  These are joined 
with a somewhat longer chain but it is still difficult for me to walk normally.  
I am led out of the cell.

Placed in a waiting car, I'm driven a short distance to an area in the city that 
appears to be an outdoor marketplace.  Booths surround a large square where 
shopkeepers are busy selling their wares.  In the center of the square stands a 
small stage and upon it is a sort of wooden "T".  A large crowd has gathered 
around the stage.

The policewoman pulls me out of the car and leads me toward the stage.  I look 
around for Greg but I can't find him.  As we reach the foot of the stage, I am 
led up a short flight of steps and look our over a throng of at least 100 
people.  There is a lot of talking back and forth as they look up at me, and 
point and gesture animatedly.  While I am engrossed in this scene, I barely 
notice that my hands are being unlocked and raised over my head.  Before I 
realize it, I am attached to the "T" by short links of chain.  The crowd grows a 
little noisier while I stand there somewhat in dismay.  With my arms stretched 
high over my head, the prison dress rides up and I fear that I am completely 
exposed.  I wish now that I hadn't shaved my pubic hair.  I really feel naked.

A short time later, another woman joins me on the stage, her hands and ankles 
chained together as mine were.  She is black and wears the same type of cotton 
dress that has been given me.  A look of resignation is in her eyes and she 
stares at me with obvious sympathy.  Following the woman is a brute of a man, 
dressed only in leather trousers and boots.  His face is hidden behind a hood 
with only holes for his eyes to peer through.  His upper body is massive and 
covered with hair.  The muscles in his arms are as big as my waist.  He is 
brandishing a thin cane.

The crowd is really noisy now and seemed to surge forward around the stage.  I 
am beginning to get really nervous and I start to tremble.  Matters grow worse 
when the man kneels in front of me and spreads my feet, chaining them to bolts 
set in the floor of the stage.  He stands and his face is only inches away from 
me.

"Put on a show for me and it will go easier for you."

While I am trying to figure out just what he meant by that cryptic sentence, he 
grasps the top of my dress and gives it a tremendous jerk.  The material parts 
easily and in an instant, I am naked.  I gasp and cry out while the throng 
cheers and shouts words that I can't understand.  I squirm, trying to find some 
means of covering myself but it is fruitless.  My legs are spread wide apart and 
there is no part of my body that is hidden from view.

The hooded man turns and addresses the audience after he spends several minutes 
signaling for quiet.

"Prisoner number One has been found guilty of theft.  She has been sentenced to 
one year of servitude to the highest bidder today.  The court has set the 
minimum bid at 1 million dinars."

There is silence now from the crowd.  I am still squirming and blushing, aware 
that my tits are bouncing up and down as I do so.   I finally see Greg standing 
a short distance from the stage.  The look on his face is one of despair, which 
causes me in turn to sob in desperation.

"Come now," the hooded man is saying, "who will bid one million for this comely 
lass?"

There is still no word from the throng.  I begin to wonder if I am going to have 
to serve twenty-five years in prison because no one will buy me.  A curious 
thought, as I stand nude before hundreds of strangers.

"Whip her!" comes a cry from the crowd.  Several more take up the chant.  "Whip 
her!  Whip her!"

The hooded man turns and walks around behind me.  I can't believe that he would 
actually whip me.  I try to follow him by turning my head.  He grabs my hair and 
flips it over my shoulder, baring my back.

The cane strikes me just above the cheeks of my ass and for a moment I am 
stunned at the impact.  Then the pain surges through my brain and I drive 
forward, my body vibrating in anguish.  A second blow strikes and I scream at 
the top of my lungs while I jerk and heave in a futile attempt to dispel the 
pain.  Again I am struck.  My screams are even louder while everything grows 
hazy and nausea fills my stomach.

"Five million dinars!"

The voice sounds like it is coming from a million miles away.  The crowd, which 
had been cheering madly, grew deathly quiet.  The only sounds were my heavy 
breathing mixed with mewling sounds coming from deep in my throat.  I have never 
been beaten before and the experience left me stunned.  Through heavy eyelids, I 
could see Greg with tears running down his cheeks as he turned and started to 
walk back out of the crowd.  Taking his place and coming toward the stage was a 
tall, bearded Arab dressed in a long purple cloak with a white turban.

I am grateful that the punishment has ended and curious about this man who has 
just purchased me for a year.  As I am released from my constraints, I stagger 
and almost fall.  The Arab who has just bought me catches my arm and leads me 
off of the stage.  As I look back, the black girl is having her arms raised over 
her head, taking my place before the ""T".

Greg

The police release me the day after the trial, after telling me that there is no 
reason to detain me any longer.  My wife will satisfy the judgement of the 
court.  I learn that her auction is to occur the next day at the city 
marketplace.

When I arrive, there is a huge crowd already gathered and I stand at the back.  
The stage on which the auction will be held is 50 yards away and empty.  
Everyone is talking spiritedly and the atmosphere is one of a country fair.  
Finally, two cars pull up near the stage and Heidi is taken from the first.  A 
black girl follows her up on the stage; the two of them manacled and shackled.

I press my way forward. There!  There she is!  Wait! What are they doing?  Why 
are they chaining her arms over her head?  What's he doing to her feet?  Oh, 
God!  I don't feel good about this!

Please!  Let me by!  I'm sorry!  Wait!  Oh, my God!  They ripped her dress off!  
Oh, God, Heidi!  Jesus, she's beautiful!  Oh, I bet she's fit to be tied!  (A 
horrible pun, but I couldn't resist).  Oh, the bidding has started.  Everyone is 
so quiet.  Oh, she sees me!  Heidi, I love you!  You are the most gorgeous 
creature on earth!

What are they saying?  Whip her?  NO! NO! NO! OH, GOD!  OH, JESUS!  OH, HEIDI! 
NO! NO!  Wait!  Someone's Bid!  I think I'm going to be sick at my stomach.  I 
can't watch anymore!  Oh, Heidi, what have we gotten into?




Chapter Three

Greg

I learn from the police that Sheik Kalid el Fassel was the only bidder for Heidi 
and he has taken her to his palace, a hundred miles into the interior.  My 
rental car gets me there the next day and I arrive to find a huge wall 
surrounding the grounds of the palace.  After an hour's argument with the guard 
at the gate, a large, black man, attired only in a loincloth, comes to the gate 
and admits me.  

I am taken to a room in the palace and told to wait.  After what seems an 
eternity, a tall man dressed in purple robes and wearing a white turban enters 
the room.  It is Sheik Kalid.  A thick beard covers much of his face but his 
eyes are his most striking features.  Dark black, they seem to have the ability 
to see right through your skull.

"You are Mr. Cole."

He says it not as a question but simply a fact.  I nod and start to say 
something but he holds up his hand for silence.

"Your wife has arrived a few minutes ago and is being attended to.  I assure you 
that she is well taken care of.  What is it you wish?"

"May I see her?"

"That is out of the question for the time being.  Your wife will go through 
indoctrination as to my requirements, which will be rather lengthy and perhaps 
somewhat difficult for her.  I'm afraid your presence would simply prolong the 
time it takes to train her and would interfere with my plans."

"You don't expect me to simply leave her alone here for an entire year!"

"That is exactly what I expect, Mr. Cole.  That is the bargain you made with the 
court.  I have paid your debt for you; you should be thankful."

"Please, Sheik Kalid!  I love Heidi very much.  I can't stand the thought of 
being apart from her for an entire year."

Sheik Kalid turns and pours a glass of wine from a decanter at a nearby bar.  
For several minutes he studies the glass.

"I will consider allowing your presence under certain circumstances.  First of 
all, you will become my servant; to do my bidding as I see fit.  Regardless of 
what I demand, you will perform your duties without question.  Furthermore, 
whenever you are in the presence of your wife, you will be constrained.  Under 
no circumstances will you be allowed to touch her.  If I hear any protest from 
you, you will be severely disciplined.  Are you willing to accept these 
conditions?"

'Yes!  Oh, Yes!  I'll do anything!"

Kalid rings a small bell and the huge black man suddenly appears as if from thin 
air.

"Casio, take Mr. Cole and see that he is properly outfitted.  Then, bring him 
back to me in the discipline room."

"Oh, Mr. Cole!  Don't expect to have much of a conversation with Casio.  He was 
very disrespectful when he first came to me so I cut out his tongue."


Heidi

As I was taken from the auction stage, I grabbed what was left of my prison 
dress.  The buttons had all been ripped off but at least I could hold it around 
me while I was loaded into a windowless van.  Things were happening so fast, I 
didn't have time to worry about what I was getting into.

The handsome Arab who had paid for me was not in the van.  Rather, a large, 
black man settled into the driver's seat after chaining me to the floor in the 
back of the van.  For several hours we traveled over dusty, bumpy roads.  I 
begged for water a couple of times but the black man ignored me.  Finally, I 
felt the van come to a stop and saw the driver get out.  The back door opened up 
and he reached in and unlocked my chains.

As I exited from the van, I was awestruck at what I saw.  The Sheik's palace was 
enormous!  Gold leaf framed all of the windows, which were stained glass.  It 
must have risen four stories high with towers on the two front corners.  A 
massive wooden door served as the entrance.  Standing at the door is an 
attractive black woman.  She is naked from the waist up and gold rings dangle 
from her nipples.  Her hair is cut extremely short and gold earrings accent the 
high cheekbones of her face.  She wears purple gauze harem pants that hangs low 
on her hips and gold colored sandals.  

The black driver takes my arm and leads me over to the woman, waiting by the 
door.  She studies me as if she were deciding whether she should admit me or 
not.  Finally, she takes my arm.

"Come.  Sheik Kalid wishes you to be properly outfitted for your duties."

The woman, whom I learn is named Domino, takes me to the inner regions of the 
palace where there is a large bathroom.  In the middle of the room is a huge 
pool of water with steam rising from it.  Without saying a word, she removes my 
dress and directs me into the water.  I eagerly sink down, relishing the first 
bath I've had in several days.  Domino removes her skirt and joins me in the 
pool and begins to sponge my body with the most heavenly scented soap I've ever 
smelled.  When she brushes against my breasts they immediately react by growing 
firmer and I sigh softly while closing my eyes.  Her hands gently caress me 
until I almost fall asleep.  Too soon, she tells me to get out of the pool.  A 
large towel is waiting for me and I dry off with Domino's help.

Then she sits me on a stool and brushes my hair for the longest time.  If this 
is what my year of service will be like, I am ecstatic.  Finally, she raises me 
to my feet.

"We must now go to Rashed."

Not knowing who or what Rashad is, I wrap the towel around me and meekly follow 
her out of the bath and down a deserted hallway.  We soon come to a door, which 
Assail opens for me.  Inside the room I see that it is virtually empty except 
for a padded table with straps hanging down on each side.  The meaning of these 
is lost on me until Domino has me drop the towel and lay down on the table on my 
back.  She then draws the straps across me with one just beneath my breasts, one 
across my stomach, and two more on my legs.  My arms are pinned at my side and I 
can scarcely move.

An older man suddenly appears in the room and I blush with modesty, unable to 
cover myself in his presence.  He seems disinterested in my body while he busies 
himself arranging several items on a tray that are beyond my field of vision.  
Domino stands on one side of the table while the man turns to me on the other. 

"Let's start with the left," he says, holding a long needle in his gloved hand.

I'm shocked when Domino grasps my left breast and squeezes it until the tip 
becomes engorged.  The man quickly thrusts the needle through it, just beneath 
the aureole.  I gasp but the pain last only for a second or two.  A drop of 
blood appears where the needle exits my flesh and he dabs it with cotton ball 
damp with disinfectant.

Removing the needle, he takes a small, gold ring with a gap in it that he 
carefully threads through the incision he has just made. After it passes through 
my flesh he presses the two ends together with pliers and rotates it until the 
joint is hidden inside my breast.  When finally placed, the ring rest 
permanently over my left nipple, framing it like a halo.

The man nods and Domino grasps my right breast, squeezing it as she had the 
left.  The same procedure occurred once more and in less time than I could 
imagine I had been outfitted with two gold rings through my tits.

"Rashad, her ears have already been pierced"

"Yes, I see.  That makes our work easier."

Gold earrings were placed in the lobes of my ears while Domino held my head 
steady.  Judging from the manner in which Rashad operated, I could tell that 
these were there permanently as well.

"What about her clit?" Domino asked Rashad.  I flinched when I heard her 
question and began to perspire.

"No, Sheik Kalid wishes to delay that for the time being.  Today, we are simply 
to place one at the entrance, piercing the labia."

"No! Wait!  Why are you doing this?  Please, don't! Owwwww!"

My protests meant nothing to the couple as they pinched the fold of my pussy and 
plunged a needle through one side.  Again, a gold ring was placed through the 
opening and the temporary gap closed.  

The straps holding me down were released and I was helped to my feet.  The first 
thing I saw was myself reflected in a mirror on the wall.  I had to admit that 
the rings in my nipples were quite erotic looking.  The earrings had small tags 
hanging from them with strange markings on them.  The ring through the lips of 
my pussy felt cool against my flesh and it stung a little as I gingerly took a 
few steps.

"Put these on," Domino said, handing me a pair of harem pants made of light blue 
chiffon.  The belt was only a couple of inches wide and hung low on my hips.  I 
was a little surprised to see that there was no crotch and the rear was 
completely open.  With the sides split from ankle to thigh, I was, for all 
intents and purposes, naked.  As a final step, I sat while Domino braided my 
long, blonde hair.  She rubbed my upper body with scented oil and stood back to 
appraise her handiwork. 

"See for yourself," she said, pointing to a mirror.

As I looked at myself, I was astonished at my transformation.  The oil made my 
flesh darker and the gold rings in my ears and breasts sparkled in the light.  
The ring hanging between my thighs was most erotic and I couldn't help but 
spread my legs a bit to catch the full effect.  I turned to Domino and smiled.  
"Thank you," I said.

"You may not be so grateful, young one," she remarked gravely.  I was a little 
surprised at her attitude but decided not to dim my enthusiasm for my new look.

"Here, drink this!" she said, holding out a glass of slightly pink liquid.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Vitamins," she responded.  "We want to keep you well nourished."

The drink was slightly bitter but I drank it down and handed back the empty 
glass.

"Now, we must hurry!  Sheik Kalid is waiting!"

Domino hurried out and I followed as we climbed several flights of stairs.  
Finally, we reached a landing where the stairs ended.  Facing us was another 
heavy wooden door, studded with iron nails.  Domino pushed against it and it 
swung open slowly.  She turned and motioned for me to follow as she entered the 
room.

"Greg!  Oh, God, I thought I wouldn't see you for a year!"

Greg was standing against a post with his hands behind him; a strange look on 
his face.  He was naked except for a loincloth.  Next to him stood the Arab who 
had paid for me at the auction.  I knew that this was Sheik Kalid.

"You are not to speak to your husband without permission, Mrs. Cole.  He is here 
only as a spectator with my indulgence.  If you more than acknowledge his 
presence, I will have him banished from the palace."

Greg squirmed and I realized that his hands were either tied or chained behind 
the post, preventing him from moving.  A further glance revealed that a gag had 
been placed in his mouth; a large bar drawn tight against his jaw and held in 
place by a strap around his neck.  His countenance was one of concern and I 
immediately grew worried that something had gone terribly wrong.

"Please!  Don't hurt him!"

"I don't intend to unless he provokes it.  Now, stand with your fingers laced 
behind your head and your legs spread apart!"

I am having difficulty taking all of this in and pause, trying to understand 
what is happening.

"You will obey my commands immediately without question, Heidi," he remarked 
evenly, using my given name for the first time.  "I will forgive you this 
instance, but future diffidence will be punished severely.  Now, do as I 
command!"

His voice shocks me into focus and I quickly place my hands behind my head and 
spread my legs apart.  The position serves to elevate my breasts and flatten my 
stomach.  My breathing is rapid.  I steal a glance at Greg and his eyes are 
riveted on me. I smile inwardly as I notice he has an erection. 

"You've done well, Domino.  We need to focus on a few things and she will be 
worthy."

"Yes, Master."

"Heidi, you are probably wondering what you will be doing here for the next 
year.  It is our intention to teach you all of the ways of pleasing a man until 
you accept that this is your only purpose in life.  You will learn to offer 
yourself to anyone who asks, willingly and eagerly.  No act will be beneath your 
will or your passion.  Do you understand?"

I am stunned!  I had assumed that I would be spending the year as a servant, 
waiting on the Sheik as a maid or cook or some other menial attendant.  What he 
was suggesting was absurd!

"You must be crazy!  I would never submit to such a thing!"

"I anticipated that this would be your initial reaction.  Do you think I would 
have spent that much money on someone to cook my dinner?  Wash my clothes?  
Sweep my floors?  You are the one who is demented if you think that those rings 
in your tits would help you tend to my palace."

"For the next year," he continued, "you will become my slave.  Your only 
function will be to serve me in any manner I desire.  Your body will become 
simply a vehicle for my enjoyment.  Each day you will be whipped to remind you 
of your situation.  To the degree you are punished depends on how quickly you 
realize that you have no choice."

"I'll never . . ."

"Do not speak from this point forward unless you are given permission!  If you 
are asked a question, your only response will be 'Yes, Master'.  Do you 
understand?"

"I will not submit to you. . .ever!"

"For that you've earned an extra five strokes of the whip.  My servant, Batu, 
will tend to you, preparing you further for your training.  I will see you again 
shortly."

As Kalid was speaking, a hand touched my shoulder.  I turn and am startled to 
see a dwarf, no more than three feet tall.  He, too, is naked save for a 
loincloth.

"Come with me, little one," he says in a high pitched voice.  "Batu will take 
care of you."




Chapter Four

Greg

I followed Casio from my meeting with Kalid to a small room that was furnished 
as a bedroom.  By writing on a tablet, Casio informed me that this was to be my 
room while I stayed at the palace.  He began to undress me and, since I was 
curious as to his plan, I allowed it.  I felt a little strange when I stood 
before him completely nude.  I assumed that as a servant to Kalid, I would be 
provided some type of uniform.  I was shocked when he handed me a small piece of 
cloth hanging from a length of leather cord.  He motioned for me to tie it about 
my waist, allowing the cloth to hang down over my dick and balls.

Then to my chagrin he took out a metal cage some six inches long and a couple of 
inches in diameter.  While I cringed in embarrassment, he lifted the loincloth 
and placed the cage over my dick.  A leather band circled the base of my 
scrotum, holding it in place.  To secure this male chastity device, a tiny lock 
was placed on the buckle, preventing its release.

Now that I was attired like a slave, Casio led me up a tall flight of stairs and 
into a room behind a heavy wooden door.  Kalid was waiting there and smiled as I 
entered.

'I know that you are somewhat puzzled by my dress requirements, Mr. Cole.  Let 
me explain.  I have several slaves wandering about the palace; some of the most 
delectable females you will ever encounter.  These women stay in a constant 
state of wantonness.  I fear that if you come into contact with one of them, 
your temptation might be too great.  To assure that you have no sexual contact 
with anyone, including your wife, while you are my guest and servant, I have 
taken this precaution.  As to the loincloth, that is the standard dress for my 
servants.  As you see, Casio is dressed the same way."

"Why doesn't he have one of these hellish devices on his dick as well?" I asked, 
angrily.

"It is completely unnecessary.  Casio knows well what I would do to him if he 
every disobeyed my orders.  He would be castrated immediately!  Now, if you 
would prefer that. . ."

"No, thanks!  When do I get to see Heidi?"

"She is on her way here now.  You will recall that I said you must be restrained 
in her presence.  If you will please place your back against this shaft and 
bring your hands behind it, I will place these manacles about your wrists."

Seeing little purpose in arguing with him, I obeyed his command and felt the 
cold steel close around my wrists.  The feeling of complete helplessness was 
assured when Casio placed a wooden bit in my mouth, drawing it back against my 
jaw and securing it with a leather strap. 

"This is to guarantee that there will be no conversation with your wife while 
she is in your presence.  That was your agreement as well."

I grunted and nodded my head.  The insanity of this entire situation struck me 
at that moment and I reflected on the strange turn of events that brought me to 
this point.  It was almost as if someone had orchestrated the entire aberration.  
My thoughts were interrupted when the door opened and a handsome black woman 
entered the room, followed by Heidi.  She sees me immediately and speaks my 
name.  Kalid admonishes her for addressing me and advises her not to do it 
anymore.

Heidi is gorgeous!  I am a little overwhelmed at the transformation that has 
taken place with her in such a short time.  The gold rings in her nipples and 
the one dangling from between her thighs turns her into the most erotic female I 
have ever seen.  Despite my confinement, and myself I feel that I am becoming 
erect just watching her.

Wait!  Kalid is telling Heidi that she will be trained as a sex slave!  Oh, my 
God!  Oh, Heidi, good for you!  Oh, No!  Oh, Heidi, what have we gotten into!  
Kalid seems assured of himself while he outlines Heidi's agenda.  My Gosh!  That 
man couldn't be over three feet tall.  Oh, No!  He's taking Heidi away.  Too 
soon!  Too soon!

"Well, Mr. Cole, you've had a taste of what your wife's year will consist of.  
Are you sure you wish to observe further?"

Unable to speak, I grunt and nod my head affirmatively.  I have the ridiculous 
idea that my presence will, in some way, ease Heidi's burden.  In any event, I 
must be there for my beloved.

* * * *
Heidi

The little dwarf is sort of cute as he leads me down the stairs again.  I guess 
his size alleviates my concerns for the moment although Kalid's words still rage 
in my brain.  I resolve to resist all of his efforts whatever may happen.

We reach the ground floor and Batu escorts me across a small grassy yard to an 
outbuilding.  Inside is a blazing fire within a stone pit and a hulk of a man 
tending it.  A large anvil is resting near the pit and it is to this that I am 
led.  The attendant appears to have been waiting for us as he sees Batu and 
smiles, holding up a large hammer.  While Batu holds me, the attendant measures 
my throat, my wrists and my ankles.  He smiles again at Batu and nods his head, 
turning to a chest and drawing out a number of steel bands.  Each of the bands 
has a series of small rings welded to them and the ends are pierced so that they 
can be meshed together.

I begin to struggle but Batu's grip is surprisingly strong as he holds my left 
hand over the anvil.  The attendant takes one of the bands and places it over my 
wrist and begins to hammer it into shape.  I cry out but there is no pain as he 
carefully molds the strap to my wrist and secures it with a small lock.  Then it 
is the same procedure with my right hand.

It is of little effort that the two men hold my legs firmly while they duplicate 
the enclosure of my ankles.  When they have finished, I look down and see four 
shining straps of steel circling my extremities with little rings dangling from 
them.  So preoccupied with this indignity to my body, I scarcely notice that the 
final band is being fitted about my neck.  I cry out too late as I hear the snap 
of the lock behind my back and feel the weight of the metal resting at the base 
of my throat.
Batu completes the humiliation by attaching a chain to my collar and leading me 
back to the palace.

Back up the stairs we climb until I am almost breathless.  On this occasion, we 
climb to the very top where I presume is one of the towers I observed when I 
first arrived.  Sure enough, when the door is opened and I enter, I find that 
the circular room is about twelve feet in diameter.  Two windows, no more than a 
foot wide, run from the floor to the ceiling.  The floor and walls are of stone.  
The high ceiling consists of heavy wooden beams and tile roof.

The objects in the room catch my attention and cause me to breathe in sharply.  
There is a wooden "X" with leather straps at each of the four extremities.  Near 
it are two wooden posts set about six feet apart, also equipped with means of 
restraint hanging from the top.  On the opposite wall is a device I recognize as 
a medieval rack, complete with a drum at one end to stretch the occupant's body 
until it breaks.  The walls are covered with rings and chains at various 
positions.

Batu leads me over between the two posts and raises my arms until they are 
extended well over my head.  He brings a short piece of chain down from the top 
of each post and fastens it to one of the rings in the bands about my wrists.  I 
struggle but again his surprising strength is more than enough to subdue me 
easily.  So restrained, I stand, waiting.  I can see through one of the windows 
and watch a young boy playing with his dog in a distant meadow.  The clouds roll 
by lazily on this warm, summer day.  The idyllic setting outside allows me to 
forget for the moment the fearful situation I now find myself in.  I think of 
Greg and wonder where he is at this moment.  I hate for him to see me like this.  
Surprisingly, I feel strange sensations; almost erotic, while I await whatever 
might approach.

My reverie is broken by the sound of the door opening behind me. I try to turn 
my head to see who's there but I can't.  It doesn't matter since Kalid appears 
before me.

"Enjoying the view, Heidi?  It's just as well, since this will be your quarters 
for the next two days.  Ah, there's nothing more beautiful than a young woman 
about to be whipped."

I stare at Kalid with all of the hatred I can muster.

"Batu, I think ten strokes to begin with, using the flogger.  I don't want her 
flesh too badly damaged before she's had an opportunity to toughen it up a bit.  
Then, another ten every six hours.  Perhaps she will be more compliant when she 
has had an opportunity to contemplate her circumstances."

"Heidi, feel free to scream as loud as you wish.  No one can hear you except 
us."

The chains binding my arms tighten until I'm now standing on my tiptoes.  I 
strain to maintain my balance, my breath coming in short gasps.  Kalid 
disappears behind me and I hear a rustling sound.

Greg

Kalid leads me up a flight of stairs until we reach the top of a landing, just 
outside the palace keep.  The bit gag is still firmly pressed against my jaws 
and I'm breathing heavily by the time we reach the top.  Inside the door, I find 
the dwarf, Batu, and Heidi.  She has been chained between two posts; her back is 
to me.  Kalid cautions me with hand signals not to make a sound while Batu 
chains me to a wall at the back of the room.  

My heart sank when I heard Kalid order that Heidi be whipped.  Now, as I see her 
suspended, I am even deeper in despair.  I yearn for the opportunity to hold her 
in my arms and escape this evil palace.  A year seems an eternity if this is 
what it will be like.  I can see her tremble a bit as her arms are raised 
slightly until she is on her tiptoes.  Oh, God!  They're about to begin!

Heidi

I sense they're about to begin and I tense my muscles in preparation.  Suddenly 
my back explodes in an eruption of pain and I surge forward in response.  I grit 
my teeth to keep from screaming and stomp my foot to divert my mind from 
dwelling on the awful agony.  As I begin to recover, the whip strikes again and, 
once more, I am driven forward.  A grunt escapes from my lips.  Oh, God! It 
hurts!

Slowly they work me over.  Just enough time for the pain to ease a bit, then the 
leather thong bites me again.  The anticipation is almost as bad as the lash 
itself.  By the fifth stroke, I'm losing my resolve and little mewling sounds 
are escaping from my lips.  I'm sweating profusely now and hanging on to my 
sanity as hard as I can.

Batu switches from my back to my buttocks to my thighs and back, driving my body 
forward with each stroke until my legs are so weak I cannot stand.  The flimsy 
material of my pants may as well not be there for the whip finds it irrelevant 
in its ability to inflict pain.  On the seventh stroke, the leather thongs 
circle my side and flick against my breast.  With that, I lose all control and 
scream at the top of my lungs.

"AAAAARRRRHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

WHAP!

'Unnnnnnnnhhhhhh!  Oh, God!  Mercy!  No more!  Oh, Goooddddddd!"

Whap!

"AAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!"

WHAP!

"OOOOOHHHHHHHHHHH!  PLEASE!  FOR GOD'S SAKE, STOP!  I'll do anythiing you ask, 
just don't whip me anymore!  Oh, God!"

I'm hanging by my arms now, sweat drenching my body.  My brain is about to 
explode and I'm having trouble breathing.  Through misty eyes, I see Kalid 
standing before me, a sinister smile on his face.

'You take the whip well, Heidi.  Soon you will find that it is your friend, your 
lover.  I will leave you now while you contemplate your future for the next 
year.  Batu has prepared a little test for you while we are gone."

As he spoke, I felt a wooden rail, no more than an inch wide slide between my 
thighs.  If I stood on my tiptoes, it barely reached my pussy.  The chains 
holding my wrists high over my head eased a bit until all of my weight was on my 
legs.  If I tried standing flat footed, the rail caused unbearable agony to my 
tender pussy lips, so I raised up on my tiptoes.

"Enjoy yourself!" Kalid announced as I heard the door open and close.  I guessed 
I would be alone now, at least for a few hours.  It was not long before the 
muscles in my calves began to cramp and I was forced to lower myself.

Greg

Watching Heidi as she was being whipped was at once the most horrible and the 
most erotic sight I have ever witnessed.  Despite my concern for her, I achieved 
an enormous erection.  Even without touching my cock, a stream of cum shot from 
it as she suddenly screamed aloud.  Her back and buttocks were well striped when 
the final lash had been applied.  She was hanging limply as they slid the wooden 
horse between her legs and quickly realized that she must stand on her toes to 
ease the discomfort of the horse.

Kalid and Batu saw to the arrangement and, when they were satisfied, unlocked me 
from the wall.  The three of us left the keep, leaving Heidi by herself.  Batu 
removed the detestable gag from my mouth and freed my hands.

"Batu, take our new servant to the stables.  He can spend the night there and 
clean the stalls first thing in the morning."

Kalid turned to me.

"You've had a taste of what your wife will experience until she submits.  Are 
you sure you want to continue to observe?"

I did have mixed emotions at that stage but didn't feel that I could desert 
Heidi completely.  I paused for a moment before replying.

"I will have to go back to the States to complete some business transactions for 
a few days each month.  But I would like to continue to be there when I can."

"Very well.  While you are here, you will be put to use.  When the occasion 
suits me, I will allow you to observe your wife's training.




Chapter Five

Heidi

My life has become a living hell.  I stand on my toes for as long as possible 
until the cramps set in and I am forced to lower myself on the wretched board.  
When the pain in my pussy becomes too great, I raise myself up for another cycle 
of agony.

Domino comes to me several hours later and for a moment I hope she will release 
me from this torture.  But she is there simply to apply more scented oil to my 
body and to give me another drink of the bitter liquid.  I am so thirsty I down 
it quickly and hope for more.  The oil seems to sooth my aching back and allows 
me a moment's respite from the suffering of my lower body.  For the strangest 
thing has taken place: despite my torment I feel a sense of arousal that can't 
be explained.  

"What time is it?" I ask.  Darkness has fallen outside and I can see a full moon 
through the narrow window facing me.

"Near midnight."

I have been in the keep now for almost five hours.  My body screams for rest but 
it is denied me.  Instead, I feel a growing heat that cries for relief.  My hips 
slide back and forth against the harsh wooden rail while bursts of erotic 
pleasure consume me.  I scarcely notice the door opening behind me as Batu 
returns.  A whimper escapes my lips as the board is withdrawn from between my 
legs.

Then my back erupts in a blaze of agony as the whip strikes.  For an eternity, 
Batu lays lash after lash on my back.  After the seventh I am so exhausted I 
collapse.  Semi-conscious, I drift in and out of awareness for hours.  I'm not 
sure but I think I had an orgasm in the midst of Batu's flogging.  Strange 
sensations continue to flush through me as the night wanes. 

As I watch through the narrow window, the sun begins to rise above the horizon 
and I sob when I hear the door open behind me.  For it can only be Batu and his 
instrument of pain. The board is removed from between my thighs and the whip 
strikes my tortured flesh.  My throat is so raw that I can only muster pain-
racked groans.  An eternity passes before the board is replaced, a lifetime of 
suffering the likes of which I never imagined.  My world has become one of 
futile attempts to lessen the pain in one area at the expense of another.  
Visits by Domino are met with pleas from my frenzied state for release which 
does not come.  I drink from her cup and moan as she applies the salve to my 
back that eases some of the pain.  Then she is gone and I am left alone to hang 
by my wrists and contemplate my fate.

The morning passes in a haze of pain.  I fight the need to urinate until I can't 
any longer and let a stream of piss run down my leg to the floor beneath me.  My 
harem pants are shreds of cloth, torn by the whip until they are simply pieces 
of silk hanging from my waist.  When Batu comes again, he strips me naked before 
applying the lash once more.  The tongues of the whip circle my body and find my 
most innermost secrets, provoking my screams that echo through the small room.  
I am now in a frenzy, almost to the point of insanity.  I wish for death but 
that is denied me.  When Batu leaves, the board is not replaced, much to my 
content.  My chin rests on my chest and my breasts heave as I gasp for breath.  
My body is drenched in sweat that puddles at my feet and mixes with the foul 
odor of my bodily fluids.

In the afternoon, Kalid comes to the tower and lifts my chin until I stare 
through hazy eyes at his face.

"Ah, I see that Batu has treated you well, little one.  You have completed your 
first day of servitude.  Are you ready to submit to my mastery?"

"Oh, God, Yes!" I exclaim.  "Anything!  Just don't whip me anymore!"

"I think you agree to quickly, Heidi," he smiled.  "If I let you go now, you 
would have only completed half of your assignment.  As my slave, you must obey.  
Don't you wish to obey me?"

"yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, Master. . ."

"That's much better.  Here's Domino with something for you to drink and eat.  
Batu will be back in a little while.  Oh, by the way, your husband has returned 
to the States.  You are alone here now."

I sob in desperation.  What has happened to my life?


Greg

Boarding the plane in Algiers was the hardest thing I have ever done in my life.  
My thoughts of Heidi remaining in the control of Sheik Kalid wore on me from the 
moment I left his palace.  Still, if we were to have any kind of life after her 
year of slavery I would have to tend to the family business.  I hoped to return 
in a couple of weeks.

I had spent a week in the stables without any contact with Heidi.  I was going 
crazy, not knowing what was happening to her.  Was she still being whipped?  
What else was that fiend doing to her?  My imagination was running rampant and 
none of it was pleasing.  How could we have gotten into such a situation?

There had been two young boys in the stable with me.  The three of us were 
responsible for mucking out the stalls and seeing to the Sheik's Arabian horses.  
The two boys were always naked and I was startled to see that neither one had 
any balls.  They couldn't have been more than sixteen years of age!  Since they 
were African, I couldn't understand their language and they couldn't understand 
mine.  The three of us labored in silence, which allowed me plenty of time to 
picture the inhumanities being inflicted on my wife.

I guess what disturbed me as much as anything was the arousal I had experienced 
while watching her being whipped.  Whenever I pictured that scene of a week ago, 
my dick got stiff.  I was still wearing the abominable cage around my prick and 
I ached to make love to Heidi.

The plane takes off and I am on my way to Atlanta.  I look down, hoping to be 
able to see the palace in the distance but the clouds obscure my view.  I love 
you, Heidi.  Be brave!

Heidi

For two days I was kept in that keep.  Every six hours, Batu would arrive, 
string me up between the posts and apply ten strokes of his whip.  In the 
interval, Domino would arrive to anoint me with her special oil and give me a 
drink of what she called her vitamins.  I was disconcerted to find that I stayed 
in almost a constant state of arousal, even when Batu was lashing my body.

Finally, I was carried, almost comatose, to the bath where I had enjoyed my 
first hours in the palace.  Domino stripped the harem pants from my body.  They 
were torn by the whip and soaked with my sweat and urine. I was placed on a 
table and Domino began to massage my body with the scented oil.  When her hands 
touched my breasts, I stiffened and let out a low moan while my nipples grew 
hard as rocks.  Subconsciously, I reached down and my fingers began to explore 
between my thighs.

"No, little one," she whispered, "you must not do that yet."

"Oh, Domino, I'm so hot!"

"That is good.  Sheik Kalid is expecting you for dinner tonight."

She turned me on my stomach and rubbed my tortured back with oil.  Miraculously, 
the pain disappeared instantly and a warm glow swept over my body.  I felt so 
relaxed that I fell asleep while she massaged my aching muscles.

She woke me sometime later and helped me dress in a new pair of harem pants.  
Cut out just as the first pair had been, they were a light blue that blended 
well with my bronzed flesh and blonde hair.  Rouge was applied to my cheeks and 
nipples.  Dark eyeliner was used on my eyes.  She pulled my long hair back into 
a ponytail and turned me to a mirror.  I gasped when I saw my reflection.  No 
one would think that I had spent two days under the lash.  The rings in my 
breasts glittered in the soft light and my eyes fell to the single ring hanging 
between my legs.  I wanted so much to put my hand there.

It was Batu that came and took me to the Sheik's dining room.  A large ballroom, 
he was seated at one end, flanked by a half dozen other Arabs.  Large pillows 
had been placed in a semi-circle and small tables sat in front of the men on 
which were heaping plates of food.  The odor of food almost caused me to faint 
as I suddenly realized that I hadn't eaten in over two days.  Batu led me by my 
leash over next to Sheik Kalid and sat me down next to him.  

"Are you hungry, Heidi?"

"Yes, Master, I am starved!"  I was learning quickly not to antagonize him.

"Then you may eat."

I didn't hesitate for a second before reaching into the plate for a handful of 
food.  It appeared to be a mixture of meat and rice.  Since there were no knives 
or forks, I saw that the other men were eating with their hands so I assumed it 
was all right to do so.

'No!" cried Kalid. "You may not use your hands.  Place the plate on the floor 
and eat like a slave!"

Humiliated, I did as he asked and bent over to eat off of the plate like an 
animal.  My tits were swaying underneath me while I gobbled at the dinner. I 
didn't care I was so famished.   When I had finished, I raised my head to show 
that my face was covered with the remnants of the meat's sauce.  Kalid smiled 
and wiped my face with a cloth and pulled me back to sit by him.  He handed me a 
glass of liquid and I found that it was the ever-present "vitamins".  As I drank 
it, a pleasant warm feeling filled me from head to toe.  I leaned next to Kalid 
while he put his arm around my shoulder.

The dinner plates were cleared by two eunuchs and Middle Eastern music began to 
play from some distant source.  The lights dimmed and the conversation among the 
other Arabs stopped.  A spot in the center of the room highlighted a round dais 
standing a foot or so above the floor.  Covering it was a soft white pad with a 
couple of pillows scattered about.

From out of the darkness appeared Domino.  Completely naked, her flesh glistened 
in the light.  The rings in her breasts stood out prominently and were connected 
by small chains to the collar around her neck.  She strode deliberately to a 
place in front of Kalid and bowed deeply.  Then she turned and went to the dais 
where she assumed the traditional slave position: kneeling with her buttocks on 
her heels, legs spread wide and fingers laced behind her head.

The music intensified and a huge black man entered the room.  Standing well over 
six feet tall, his broad chest rippled as he strode into the room.  I was 
stunned to see that he, too, was naked.  His cock must have been at least 10 
inches long as it swayed back and forth between his thighs.  His oiled body also 
glistened as he followed Domino's move and bowed toward Kalid.  Kalid nodded his 
approval and the black man turned and moved toward the dais.  As he approached, 
Domino raised her arms in supplication toward her new companion.

During this amazing sequence, five young nubile women wearing the same type of 
harem pants that I wore ran into the room and took positions around the dais.  
They knelt as Domino was except their hands were placed upright on their knees.

When the black man reached Domino, she took his cock in her hand and guided it 
to her mouth.  Slowly she took the entire length into her lips as her head began 
to move back and forth.  I was hypnotized watching this erotic scene and I felt 
myself growing wet between my thighs.  I shifted uncomfortably and felt Kalid's 
arms grip me tightly.  His hand circled my shoulder and gripped my breast.  I 
moaned softly while I watched Domino fellate the black giant.

When his cock was rock hard, Domino rolled back on her back and spread her legs 
wide apart.  The giant lowered himself and plunged his 12 inches in her to the 
hilt.  I'm sure I cried out, as did Domino.   It was as if he was fucking me as 
I watched him rise up and down over Domino's vibrating body.  My breath was 
coming in short gasps.  Kalid's finger began to massage my pussy and I rose up 
to meet his hand.

The only sounds in the room besides the music were Domino's grunts and my groans 
as the two of us rushed toward our separate orgasms.  I felt myself slipping 
into luscious degradation and I didn't care.  The only thing on my mind at that 
moment was the volcanic climax that was fast approaching.

Domino screamed as the huge man suddenly stiffened.  I was so engrossed in my 
own feelings I was unaware that the man had risen to his feet, his cock still 
pulsating while cum dripped from its tip.  Kalid withdrew his hand from my pussy 
and an animalistic sound came from deep in my throat.  Frustrated, I grabbed for 
his hand but he withheld it.

I'm not sure whether Kalid gave me a push or I did it on my own.  All I know is 
that I rose from the pillow and crawled over to where the huge black man stood 
and started licking his throbbing cock.  Delirious with lust, I licked his balls 
and took the tip of his monstrous organ between my lips.  My pussy was on fire.  
My nipples were like rocks as I crawled to the dais, replacing Domino who had 
rolled off to one side.  Through glazed eyes, I saw Domino and the other five 
women crawl over to the seated Arabs and begin to suck them off.  Then my view 
was blotted out as the black spread my legs and sank his monstrous cock into my 
dripping cunt.

Jeez!  I've never experienced anything like this before!  He's going to rip my 
pussy to shreds but I luxuriate in the sensation!  Oh, yes!  OH, Yes!  
OHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYEEEESSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!

The Negro was pounding me for all his worth and my body was rising up to meet 
his downward thrust.  I wanted the orgasm to last forever!  My legs wrapped 
around his waist and I pulled him down against my breasts.  I could actually 
feel his cock throbbing inside me.  Too soon, he stiffened and I felt his load 
explode inside me.  I continued to hump against his cock until I was close to 
passing out.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!"

As I lay back on the dais, exhausted, I felt hands on my waist and looked up to 
see Kalid bending over me.  He lifted me and rolled me over until I was resting 
on my knees and elbows.  When I felt his hands on my ass, parting my cheeks, 
terror struck me!

"No!  Oh, God!  Not there!  Please!  AWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!"

When I felt Kalid enter me, I thought ! would die!  But then, strangely, my anal 
muscles began to relax as I felt his stomach slap against my cheeks.  I was 
rocking back and forth, my tits swinging beneath me obscenely, and mewling 
strange guttural sounds.  When Kalid reached underneath me and began to stroke 
my swollen clit, I screamed in absolute lust.  The orgasm I experienced was like 
nothing I had ever had before.  It felt like the top of my head was exploding 
and my vision was skyrockets and pinwheels.  When Kalid emptied his semen into 
my bowels, I sobbed in gratification and fell flat on my face, unable to move.

But I was not finished.

Two men lifted me and lay me on my back once again.  While one entered me, the 
other pressed his rigid cock against my lips until I accepted it in my mouth.  
Hands stroked my tits while the two cocks plunged in and out.  Delirious with 
desire, my body responded.  I was a vessel for the men's pleasure.  I was 
transported into a land of ecstasy hitherto unknown to me. I was used for the 
rest of the night.  Kalid had succeeded in creating a sex slave.




Chapter Six

Greg

It was a month before I could return to Sheik Kalid's palace.  My business kept 
running into crises after crises and I couldn't leave.  I was overwhelmed with 
apprehension as the 747 landed in Algiers.  Disconcerting too was the fact that 
it took me an entire day to arrange for a rental car, so I was quite anxious as 
I drove up to the gate at Kalid's palace.

I was admitted readily and Casio met me at the palace door.  He took me to the 
same bedroom I had first been introduced to and there I donned the small 
loincloth while he attached the cock cage around my genitals.  He indicated for 
me to wait until someone came for me.

Minutes seemed like hours as I waited.  I was so eager to see Heidi I could 
hardly stand it.  Finally the door opened and Kalid entered the bedroom.

"Mr. Cole, welcome back.  I trust you have taken care of your business?"

"For the time being, Sheik Kalid.  When can I see Heidi?"

"Face to face contact is not permissible at this time but I will allow you to 
observe her.  Please come with me."

Kalid leads me to a new section of the palace that I hadn't seen before.  There 
was a long hallway with windows along one side.  We stop at the first window.

"This is one-way glass.  As far as the slave knows, it is a mirror. We call 
these our Exercise Rooms."

A gorgeous young redhead was frantically fingering herself with one hand while 
rubbing her breasts with the other.  A look of utter abandon was on her face.

The next room held an Asian brunette.  She was astride a slender rod rising from 
the floor that disappeared between her thighs.  Up and down her body moved while 
she, too, played with her nipples.  A sheen of sweat covered her luscious body 
and she licked her lips provocatively as she studied herself in the mirror.

Heidi was in the next room.  She was lying on a large ottoman with her legs 
spread wide apart and bent at the knee.  She was naked save for the collar 
around her neck and the cuffs on her wrists and ankles.  A huge dildo protruded 
from her pussy.  Although her hands were behind her head, the dildo was moving 
in and out of her cunt while her stomach muscles rippled.  I stood spellbound as 
I watched the profound change in my wife.  Her body seemed firmer, even more 
exotic than I remembered.  Her breasts were larger and her nipples stood out at 
least an inch.  She was breathing hard and perspiration covered her nude body.  
The dildo would disappear inside her body and her mouth opened in what appeared 
to be a scream while her body shook.

If you asked me to describe my feelings at that moment, I would be hard pressed.  
On one hand, I was enraged at Kalid for forcing my wife to such depravity.  Yet, 
as I sensed my cock growing rock hard, I was filled with desire for the 
exciting, sensuous woman behind the glass enclosure.  While we stood and 
watched, Heidi displayed an orgasm that shook her entire body. Her head was 
thrown back and her mouth opened in a soundless cry of lust.  The dildo was 
expelled from her body and her juices flooded her thighs.  Her chest was rising 
and falling as her breathing became heavy.  After several minutes rest, she 
retrieved the dildo and placed it once again in her pussy.  The exercise began 
once more.

"Well, Mr. Cole, if you've seen enough, please go to the stables now.  We need 
your assistance in that area.  Tonight you may be my guest at dinner.  Your wife 
will also be in attendance.  In fact, she will be the main attraction."

* * * *

I followed Kalid's request and spent the day in the stables.  It was hard work 
and hot but my mind was on Heidi and the change I had detected in her demeanor.  
Not that Heidi had ever been a prude but her sexuality had always been held in 
reserve except when we were together.  The thought of voluntarily exposing 
herself in the manner I had witnessed would have been unheard of just two months 
earlier.  How Kalid had succeeded in transforming her was a mystery to me.

So it was with a great deal of anticipation that I cleaned up as best I could 
and made my way to Kalid's dining hall.  I was a little surprised to see a dozen 
or so other men there; most likely Kalid's countrymen.  We were all seated in a 
semi-circle on large pillows with small tables in front of us.  The two stable 
boys were serving food and the guests were having fun with them; jerking their 
small cocks and slapping them on the ass while they served food.  The food was a 
little too spicy for me but the wine more than made up for the dinner.  I had 
several goblets before I felt myself becoming somewhat intoxicated.  A pipe was 
being passed that must have been opium because after taking a few puffs (I felt 
obligated as a guest not to refuse) my vision became somewhat blurry and I had 
difficulty focusing my eyes.

Two young women suddenly appeared before us, one of whom was the girl I saw 
through the window next to Heidi earlier that day.  Oriental music began playing 
from some hidden source and the two women started dancing.  Dressed in sheer 
veils from head to toe, they spun and twirled about the room, shedding veils as 
they danced.  When the music stopped, both were completely naked as they 
prostrated themselves in front of Kalid.  He clapped his hands and the two women 
crawled over to lay next to two of the guests.  Their chosen companions 
immediately began to squeeze their breasts and fondle their pussies.  
Conversation between the dozen men started up once again and more wine was 
served.  I struggled to maintain my sobriety but I was fighting a losing battle.

Then the lights dimmed except for a spotlight in the middle of the room forming 
a bright circle of light some ten feet in diameter.  To the strains of louder 
Oriental music, four muscular nude men made their way into the room pushing a 
large wooden frame on wheels.  In the middle of the frame, with her wrists and 
ankles firmly locked to the four corners, was Heidi.  She was completely nude 
and her body shone with the luster of oil.  Her eyes were glazed but she had the 
semblance of a smile on her lips.  From the metal collar around her neck hung 
two thin chains that were attached to the rings in her nipples.  Another chain 
circled her waist but hung low over her pubic area.  The ring in her labia was 
clearly visible.  All in all, she looked spectacular.

The four men rolled the frame up to the center of the semi-circle and locked the 
wheels so that it would remain stationary.  I could see Heidi breathing heavily 
as her eyes darted from one side of the group to the other.  If she saw me, she 
showed no signs of recognition.

One of the men withdrew a whip from behind Heidi's back that had gone unnoticed 
by me before.  A short flogger with a dozen strands, he flexed it several times 
before drawing back and thrashing Heidi's back.  Her eyes grew wide as her body 
surged forward.  Again the whip struck and she began to twist and jerk; her head 
thrown back while she quivered.  Again and again the whip struck, sending her 
into a convulsion of apparent agony.  Her eyes opened wide but there was no 
sound from her lips except for a gasp as the air left her lungs.

"Stop!  Quit hurting her!"  I couldn't contain myself any longer.  I stood and 
faced Kalid angrily, my caution thrown to the wind.

"Ah, Mr. Cole," Kalid responded coldly, "Your wife enjoys the whip, don't you 
see?"

"No!  NO!"  My mind can't accept this impossible declaration.

"See how her tits become engorged!  See how she thrusts her hips forward each 
time the whip strikes her back.  She is on the verge of orgasm, Mr. Cole!"

As he spoke, Heidi screamed and her body grew rigid.  Her hips pumped back and 
forth as if fucking an imaginary dick.  The man with the whip never slowed as he 
brought lash after lash against her flesh while Heidi shouted her lust.

"Please!" I cried.  "Let her down!  Can't you see she is in pain?"

"Perhaps you would like to take her place, Mr. Cole?"

"Yes!", I cried, without hesitating.  Anything to get them to quit torturing my 
beloved Heidi. 

Quickly they released Heidi from the frame and came to grab me.  I was somewhat 
surprised when they slapped leather cuffs around my wrists and ankles.  It was 
almost as if Kalid had expected this to happen.  Before I could devote much 
thought to that possibility, I was hoisted up within the frame and my arms and 
legs stretched to the four corners.  As a final act, my loincloth was ripped off 
and the cage on my cock was removed.  It was humiliating to be exposed naked 
before these strangers but I had little time to dwell on that as well.  For as 
soon as I was well tied, the whip struck my back just above my buttocks.  It 
seemed a second or so before the pain reached my brain but I reacted much as 
Heidi had done: surged forward and began to shake; hoping to dispel the torment.  
Again and again the whip struck, from my shoulders to my thighs, leaving nothing 
untouched.  I lost count of the number of strokes of the whip but when it 
stopped I was limp with exhaustion and covered with sweat.

No longer occupied with my own suffering, I looked to see what Heidi was doing.  
I was stunned to see her lying on a pillow in front of Kalid while one of the 
young nude men was fucking her.  Another had his cock in her mouth.  Heidi's 
legs were wrapped around the man fucking her and her body was rising up to meet 
his downward thrust.  Her tits were bouncing up and down and little mewling 
sounds were coming from her throat even though it was filled with the other 
man's cock.

My heart sank when I saw how much enjoyment she was getting from the assault on 
her body.  Yet the scene was so arousing, I achieved an erection without any 
manual stimulation.  I saw Kalid staring at me and laughing at my discomfort.  I 
closed my eyes in shame and degradation, unable to watch any longer.

But I couldn't help myself,  When I opened my eyes, Heidi was on her hands and 
knees, her face buried in Kalid's lap.  Behind her, one of the Arab guests was 
fucking her in the ass.  I could hear her grunting with each thrust while a 
stream of cum ran down her thighs.  When she raised her head, more cum dripped 
from the corner of her mouth and she smiled up at Kalid who patted her on the 
head.

Without warning the frame was tilted backward and I was hanging upside down, 
facing away from the dinner guests and Heidi.  The lashing began once again and 
no part of my body was spared.  I remember puking once as the whip struck my 
balls.  The only other recollection I have of that horrible night was the sound 
of Heidi yelling "Fuck Me!  Fuck Me!  Fuck Me!".

Heidi

I was excited as Domino prepared me for the evening dinner.  After a day in the 
training room I was as horny as I'd ever been and the night promised to be one 
huge orgy.  Even when they strapped me into the frame, I was eager to join the 
others; knowing that pain would be a part of my evening of lust.

As I was wheeled into the dining room, I was surprised to see Greg seated with 
the other men.  I wondered what he would think of me after Kalid performs his 
tricks.  I can't dwell on that long as one of my attendants wields the whip.  
The kiss of the leather reminds me of my station and memories of the days in the 
keep flood my mind.  The familiar stirrings in my loins rise up and my body 
responds accordingly.

I am transported to a sense of hunger for pain that envelops me.  My body moves 
in rhythm with the scourge and I feel my tits bouncing up and down.  I abandon 
all sense of modesty and begin to hump earnestly in search of an orgasm.  
Someone is making strange sounds and I realize that it is me.  The orgasm 
explodes inside me and I cry out, my hips moving faster and faster.  The lash 
bites into my globes, sending me into a further state of eroticism that 
threatens to render me unconscious.  Too soon it stops and I see Greg moving 
toward me while the attendants release my wrists and ankles.  I am absorbed in 
my own sensations and unable to address him as he is placed in the frame and 
secured.

I crawl over to Kalid and search for his cock.  My mind is fixed on only one 
thing: gratification of my hunger for sex.  My pussy is on fire and I seek the 
means to quench it.  Kalid snaps his fingers and I feel hands on my hips, 
turning me over.  My legs are spread apart and I lay back on Kalid's pillow 
while a young man with a large erection poises over me.  He enters me easily and 
I wrap my legs around his waist to absorb his entire cock. 

Another cock appears before my eyes and, instinctively, I open my mouth to 
receive it.  I am the vessel of sex for two of Kalid's friends and I respond 
appropriately, my body rising to meet each downward thrust and my tongue  laving 
the shaft inside my lips.  I hear the sound of the whip in a far off distance 
but I cannot comprehend its destination.

I am grunting like a pig in rut as the two bodies stiffen and fill me with their 
sperm.  I swallow quickly and lick the shrinking cock pulled from my lips.  

Unsatiated, I turn and find Kalid's cock emerging from his cape.  I quickly move 
to it and fill my mouth with my Master's sex.  My head bobs up and down; my lips 
and tongue caressing the throbbing shaft while I mewl in obscene lasciviousness.  
Hands spread my cheeks apart and I feel another cock poised at the entrance to 
my bowels.  I relax my sphincter as I have been taught and receive the man's sex 
inside me.  The two of us rock back and forth; his groin slapping against my ass 
while I suck and lick at Kalid's dick.  I am insane with lust.  My hand reaches 
back and strokes my throbbing clit until the three of us erupt simultaneously in 
the fruits of passion.

The world spins and I feel dizzy.  Everything is hazy and my body shakes in a 
paroxysm of wantonness.  I can only think of one thing: gratification.  I hear a 
voice that I recognize as my own, shouting, "FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!  FUCK 
MEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"




Chapter 7

Heidi

Kalid is angry with me and I am being punished.  During last night's dinner, one 
of the guests complained that I wasn't enthusiastic enough for his tastes.  I 
will admit that after five hours and countless orgasms, my exhausted body found 
it difficult to concentrate on my duties.  I humbled myself before Kalid and 
begged his forgiveness but he is uncompromising.

I stand at the gates of his palace, a metal rod piercing my pussy some eight or 
nine inches.  Heavy chains weight me down so that I have difficulty in standing 
erect.  Even when I am on my toes, it feels that the tip of the rod will pierce 
my insides.  Like the earlier part of my servitude, when I was forced to ride 
the "horse", the muscles in my calves scream in agony so I must shift up and 
down periodically to relieve the tension.

I have considered leaping in the air to escape the shaft, but the weight of the 
chains wouldn't allow me to get high enough to evade this rod and the 
consequences of missing frighten me.  So here I stand, sliding up and down on 
this monstrous dildo, suffering orgasm after orgasm.  A woman stands in the 
shadows, watching me.  She's been there for an hour and has never moved.  I pay 
her little mind since I am involved in my own descent into delicious 
degradation.

As Kalid's sex slave for more than five months now, I disdain the contemptible 
stares of the people as they pass me by.  No longer am I concerned about my 
nakedness or open wantonness.  I live for sexual gratification in whatever form 
I can find it.  I am no longer Heidi Cole; I am Heidi the Slut.

Kalid tells me that Greg was so despondent over watching me perform at one of 
the dinners, he has left Morocco and won't return until my year's sentence is 
over.  I don't care anymore.  I blame Greg for my being here in the first place 
but now that I am, I will make the best of it.  Kalid has found a side of my 
nature that I never knew existed.  I saw Greg's look of disbelief the night he 
took my place on the whipping frame but, honestly, I didn't feel ashamed.  Kalid 
has done his work well.

Why does that woman stare at me?  I wish she would leave.

* * * * *
* 
"My esteemed friend, Kalid, you favor me greatly with your hospitality."

"It is nothing, Hajib.  You have been my close friend for many years."

"Your dinner the other night was most interesting.  I particularly enjoyed the 
blonde American girl.  How did you entice her into your harem?"

"A small favor from one of my many contacts.  Did you find her satisfactory?"

"Ah, yes.  But I sense that you treat her too kindly.  She would respond much 
better with more discipline."

"Ah, Hajib!  Don't you know I have her whipped daily?  She has reached the point 
where she has an orgasm during this extreme punishment.  The woman is simply an 
animal!  Her hunger for sex is insatiable!  What more can I do?"

"Give her to me!  I will teach her a few things!"

"Hmmmm.  Yes.  That is an interesting possibility.  You know, of course, that 
she has agreed to only a year of servitude after which she is to return to the 
States with her husband."

"Believe me, Kalid, if you and I are successful, she will never return from 
Morocco.  What can she gain in the States that would improve on her life here?  
That puritanical country!  They look upon a licentious woman as amoral.  I have 
had two Americans in my harem and they have both awakened to their sexuality 
like never before.  They changed so much that I was able to sell them for ten 
times what I paid to obtain them.  If you want this woman, lend her to me for a 
month.  I will return her to you transformed into your most treasured sex-
slave."

"Very well, Hajib.  It will be interesting to see what you return to me."

Heidi

I can't believe it!  Kalid has loaned me to Hajib for a month!  This was not 
what I had come to believe would be my sentence of indenture.  Domino tells me 
that Hajib has a reputation for being an extreme sadist.  For the first time in 
months, I wish that Greg were here to take me away.

Domino gives me a pair of harem pants to wear.  It is the first clothing I've 
had on in over three weeks.  My hands are drawn behind my back and the manacles 
locked together.  A slender chain is attached to my collar and allowed to hang 
down between my naked breasts.  My hair, which has grown quite long now, is 
braided into a single ponytail.  Dark eye shadow is brushed on my eyelids and 
lipstick applied to both my lips and my nipples.  Domino steps back and nods her 
approval of my appearance.

Batu enters my room and smiles at me.  The little dwarf has treated me gently 
even when Kalid has given him the order to whip me.  The lash has become almost 
an additional lover in the hands of Batu.  I bow my head toward him as he picks 
up the length of chain to lead me from my room.

I am taken to the main room of the palace where Kalid and Hajib await me.  Batu 
leads me over to where the two men sit.  I kneel before the two, my knees wide 
apart and my head bowed.  I can't hide my nervousness; a thin sheen of 
perspiration beads on my oiled flesh.

"Hajib, this is the slave Heidi.  Take her in good charge to be returned in one 
month."

"The woman I return to you, Kalid, will be different from the pitiful concubine 
that kneels before us.  Of that, I assure you."

"Gregory!"  Hajib claps his hands and shouts out the name.  I feel a presence 
behind me and a hand rests on my shoulder.  "Gregory, take our new guest and 
chain her to the back of my carriage."

As I stand and turn, my gaze rests on the biggest man I have ever seen.  
Standing at least 7 feet tall, his black eyes seem to look right through me.  
Completely void of any hair, his appearance is almost supernatural.  His massive 
torso blots out the scene behind him as he takes the chain attached to my collar 
in his enormous hand.  He turns and I have no choice but to follow.  My month 
with Hajib has begun.

* * * *
* 
If I had expected to be seated in the carriage or even forced to walk behind it, 
I was greatly mistaken.  Instead, Gregory took me to the front of the small two-
wheel carriage where, between the two shafts where a leather harness lay on the 
ground.  Unlocking my manacles, he strapped the harness on me so that it came 
over my shoulders, beneath my breasts and fastened in back.  Two leather straps 
ran from the back of the harness to the front of the carriage. 

Two more leather straps were attached to the rings in my nipples and these were 
like reins that were placed in the seat of the carriage.  As Hajib climbed onto 
the carriage, I instinctively reached down and picked up the shaft ends.

"Kalid has been too kind to you!  You will learn what a true slave's life is 
like!"

I jumped as Hajib's whip flicked my back.

"You won't need these," Gregory announced as he ripped the harem pants from my 
waist.  "You've got 15 miles to go, bitch!  Get your ass in gear!"

The whip hit me again and I surged forward with the carriage in tow.  The rough 
surface of the so-called road bit at my feet and diverted my mind from the pain 
of the whip that caressed my butt from time to time.  In fifteen minutes I was 
gasping for breath and sweating profusely.  We had barely covered a mile and I 
was near exhaustion.  Hajib would jerk on the reins occasionally, pulling my 
tits apart and threatening to rip my nipples off.  I was simply trying to 
survive as I struggled on.

After an hour that seemed an eternity I could go no further.  I fell to my 
knees, heaving with sweat pouring from my body.  I couldn't focus my eyes and my 
ears were ringing.  A black pit opened up and I fell into it.

As consciousness gradually returned, I felt my flesh being torn as I was being 
dragged along.  Opening my eyes, I found that I had been chained to the back of 
the carriage by the leash attached to my collar.  Gregory had taken my place at 
the front of the buggy and was trotting easily.  I grabbed the chain and 
struggled to my feet, running behind the carriage to keep pace with the huge 
giant.  It was only then that I saw the reins still attached to my nipples.  
Hajib would turn occasionally and jerk on them if he thought I was lagging too 
far behind.

At last, Gregory pulled to a stop beside a grove of trees.  I could hardly stand 
as he came back and unfastened the chain from my collar.

"Lunch break," he announced simply.  He turned and walked over beneath the trees 
where Hajib had spread a large rug and opened a basket from which he was taking 
a piece of chicken.  I suddenly realized that I was famished and staggered over 
toward him.

'No, whore, you get nothing to eat except Gregory's fat cock!"  Stunned, I sank 
to my knees at the edge of the rug, staring at the tasty looking morsel in 
Hajib's hands.  A hand on my shoulder caused me to turn to my side.  Standing 
next to me was a naked Gregory, sweat pouring down his thighs and a throbbing 
cock pointing at my face.

Before I could utter a word of protest, Gregory grabbed my hair and pulled my 
head back, forcing my mouth open.  He plunged his cock between my lips and I 
tasted the salty film that covered it.  Holding my head in a vise-like grip, he 
moved it back and forth, fucking my face slowly.

Despite myself, I began to respond with arousing feelings between my thighs.  
Unconsciously, my tongue began to caress the underside of this huge shaft as it 
explored the depths of my throat.  I could feel it growing larger and larger 
until I thought I would choke but his grip on my head never relaxed.

Lost in desire, my hands crept up to my breasts and I began to stroke and pinch 
my nipples while the cock moved in and out of my face.  I could smell the musk 
of his pubic hairs each time he buried my face into his belly.  Soft, guttural 
moans escaped from deep in my throat while I worked on this throbbing piece of 
meat that was plundering my throat.

"Ummmmmmm," I moaned, tasting the salty flavor of Gregory's cock.  I was in a 
state of frenzy now, my juices flowing down my thighs as I worked hard to bring 
him to climax.  I reached up and began to caress his balls, squeezing them 
gently and pulling on his scrotum.  I was rewarded by a loud grunt from him and 
I felt the meaty shaft begin to pulsate.  Suddenly an explosion of cum filled my 
mouth while I swallowed as fast as I could.  Jet after jet burst forth from this 
pulsating cock, filling my mouth and running down the sides of my lips.  Gregory 
pulled his meat from my mouth and sprays of cum drenched my eyes, nose and 
cheeks; dripping down my chin to rest on the tops of my breasts.  I was gasping 
for breath and found that my hand was plunging in and out of my pussy.  As I 
fell over backward, my legs spread wide apart, an orgasm exploded inside me.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!" I cried, the climax seemingly lifting the top of my head from 
my skull.

As I came down from my high, I opened my eyes to see Hajib staring down at me 
with a sneer on his lips.

"Look at the whore play with herself!  Kalid has allowed her to exist without 
discipline!  Turn her over, Gregory, I'm going to fuck her in the ass."

I had been sodomized by some of Kalid's guests at his dinner parties but I had 
never experienced anything like the pain inflicted on me by Hajib.  At Kalid's I 
was carefully prepared with oils and salves for entry and his guests usually 
took me as gently as they could.  Hajib did nothing more than spit on his ugly 
cock with the most enormous knob for a tip before jamming it between my two 
globes.  Each thrust elicited a wretched scream from my throat while I felt my 
insides being ripped apart.  When finally I felt the warm ejaculation of his 
sperm in my intestines I fell forward, sobbing violently.  A mixture of cum and 
my blood ran down my thighs.

"She fights it too much.  She must be trained to take it easier."

"Gregory, put her back in the traces!  She can reflect on her deficiencies while 
she serves as our mare!"

I was brought to my feet and the harness strapped around me once again.  Heavy 
in heart, I struggled forward toward an unknown fate.  My life as an adoring 
wife seemed like a long-ago dream.




Chapter Eight

Greg

"Kalid, I've come to take my wife home.  You must release her now!"

Despite my misgivings I have returned to Morocco aching to hold Heidi in my arms 
once again.  It had been over six months since I left her in the hands of Sheik 
Kalid el Fassel.  While I realize that the sentence has not yet been served, I 
am ready to pay Kalid the necessary ransom to get Heidi back.

"Even if I wanted to, Mr. Cole, I couldn't.  Your wife is not here."

"Not here?  What in Hell have you done with her?"

"She is visiting a friend.  She will be returned in a month.  Then she will 
serve out the balance of her servitude."

"Kalid, I will pay you whatever you wish if you will just get her back here and 
give her back to me.  I am sorry that we ever consented to the court's decree.  
Heidi has suffered enough.  I want her released."

"Your desires are of no consequence, Mr. Cole.  The court has rendered its 
verdict.  Your wife is mine for five more months.  Now, if you wish, I will 
allow you to remain in my palace during that time.  You will also serve as my 
slave during that time but you will be able to visit with Heidi from time to 
time as I allow.  Otherwise, I must ask you to leave Morocco until the end of 
your wife's term as my slave."

Crestfallen, I see no recourse but to remain at the palace.  Another five months 
without seeing Heidi was unthinkable.  I nod my head.

"I will stay," I reply, softly.

"You understand that I will treat you most severely, as a slave deserves.  You 
will be whipped, tortured, and worked until you are barely able to stand.  Are 
you agreeing to this?"

My yearning for Heidi surpassed my fear of what Kalid could do to me.  "Yes," I 
whisper.

Kalid pulled a cloth streamer near his throne and his huge black servant 
suddenly appeared.

"Casio, Mr. Cole has agreed to serve us for the next five months.  See that he 
is properly outfitted.  I want him in chains and placed in solitary confinement 
when he is not employed in the stables or the fields."

Kalid waves his hand in dismissal and Casio leads me out of the room.

Heidi

I am standing between two columns in the dungeon of Hajib's palace, my wrists 
chained to the upper reaches of the shafts.  Hajib is seated a few feet in front 
of me and Gregory stands behind me.  A blazing fire burns in a pit nearby.  The 
room seems unbearably warm and perspiration drips from my naked flesh.

"It is my opinion that obedient slaves are the result of severe punishment.  I 
also feel that Kalid has been far too easy on you and you have developed bad 
habits.  Therefore I intend to use the next few weeks to train you so that when 
you go back to Kalid you will truly be a servile submissive.  I also enjoy 
torturing young women such as you.  It is always interesting to see how much 
pain you can endure."

I squirm uneasily.  The butt plug up my ass feels like a baseball bat.  Hajib 
has decided my opening needs stretching.  He has also assumed complete control 
of all of my bodily functions, choosing when and how often I should use a 
toilet.  Whenever I am allowed to go, either Hajib or Gregory are there to watch 
me; another step in my complete humiliation.

"We will start this morning with a few strokes of the whip.  I would suggest 
five to begin with, to put you in the proper mood.  You will ask for each stroke 
and thank Gregory after he delivers it.  Any failure to do so will require him 
to start over again."

Hajib nods at Gregory and I tense my body, waiting for the pain.  Through 
clinched teeth, I mutter, "Please, Gregory, lay on the first stroke."

The whip buries itself in my lower back, just above the cleft of my buttocks.  I 
suck in my breath and surge forward, the pain radiating quickly across my back 
to my brain.  My vision blurs and I see dancing red spots while I shake my head 
in dismay.  After several moments, during which I try to regain control of my 
senses, I whisper, "Thank you, Gregory."

Amazingly, my nipples have grown hard as rocks and my breasts have swollen in 
size.  I swallow hard and, with my eyes clinched closed, mutter "Please, 
Gregory, may I have the second stroke?"

The whip strikes me across the shoulders, throwing me forward, and I gasp as the 
horrendous agony envelops me.  Gregory's strength is a multiple of five over 
Batu's and I experience pain like I have never before.  I try to mouth the 
required words but only mumbo-jumbo comes from my lips.  My throat is dry and 
the words come out like a scratched phonograph record:  "Thank you, Gregory."

It takes me several minutes to recover sufficiently to invoke the next step of 
my torment.  I try to stop my body from shaking but it is impossible.  Hajib is 
watching me with a leer on his face, smoke from his cigarette curling up before 
him like a cobra about to strike.  I vow not to give him the satisfaction of 
hearing me scream for mercy.  I gather myself and stand firmly, my head thrown 
back in defiance.

"Alright, Gregory, I'm ready for the third stroke."

The whip curls around my back and one of the blades flicks against my right 
breast.  If I thought the first two strokes were severe, they were mild pats 
compared to the third.  Despite my resolve, a loud grunt escapes my lips and my 
legs collapse beneath me.  I am now bathed in sweat and my hair, which was flung 
forward over my shoulder, is a matted mess of twisted strands.  Strangely, my 
nipples are even harder and larger and I sense a wetness between my legs that 
defies my agony.  It is several minutes before I can whisper, "Thank you, 
Gregory."

It is all I can do to mouth the words that will bring me more anguish.  I 
remember that the penalty for not doing so is to increase the duration of my 
misery.  As Hajib begins to raise his hand as a signal that I have failed, my 
eyes widen and I practically scream the words that will send me into a paroxysm 
of agony once again.

"Gregory, the fourth stroke, please!"

Again the whip strikes across my kidneys and my bladder reacts by sending a 
stream of urine down my thighs.  As before, my legs collapse and a long, low 
"aaarrrrhhhhhhgggggg!" comes from deep in my throat.  

"Oh, god," I moan, the pain sweeping over me like a tidal wave.  I wish for 
death but that would be too easy.  I shake my head from side to side in mute 
testimony to my anguish.  Every fiber of my body is afire and I can't stop 
shaking.  My tits are swinging back and forth obscenely as I vainly attempt to 
dispel my suffering.  In a voice I don't recognize I hear "Thank you, Gregory."

I struggle to regain my presence but my body does not respond.  My lips are 
moving but no sounds are coming forth.  Desperate, I scream as loud as I can but 
only a faint croak comes from my lungs.  I am defeated.  My head lolls on my 
shoulders and I sob as I hear Hajib pronounce: "Start over, Gregory."

Greg

I am standing before Kalid in his throne room.  Chains bind my wrists and ankles 
and a leather collar circles my neck, from which a chain hangs down to connect 
to the one restraining my hands.  Other than these adornments, I am completely 
naked.  Filth covers my body; a mixture of sweat and dust.  I have labored in 
Kalid's fields all day, pulling a plow like a draft animal.  When I moved too 
slowly for Casio's pleasure, his whip spurred me on.  

My head has been shaved, as has my pubic hair although my eyebrows have been 
spared.  All self-esteem has been completely destroyed since I agreed to stay at 
Kalid's palace.  I am used from daybreak to sunset in the most menial tasks 
imaginable.  I have yet to see Heidi; she has not returned from Hajib's palace.

The slave woman, Domino, stands behind me.  Naked as I, her body glows from a 
coating of oil.  A small, silver chain hangs between her breasts; attached to 
the two rings piercing her nipples.  She is an erotic animal, standing 
submissively before her master.

Casio is present as well.  The huge black takes great delight in my discomfort.  
His hand on my shoulder forces me to my knees before Kalid's throne.

"I think it is time you returned to the States," Kalid announces.  "Your 
presence here when your wife is returned will be a distraction to my plans for 
her."

'You cannot send me away, Kalid", I plead.  'You promised that I could remain 
here as your slave."

"You are not really a slave.  You are merely a field hand.  And not a very good 
one at that."

"What must I do to remain?  I will do anything! "

"Slave are treated like slaves!" he roars.  "The mere fact that you are naked 
and in chains doesn't make you a slave.  Until you strip yourself of all self 
regard, you are no more than a pitiful servant."

"I will be your slave, Kalid," I murmur quietly, bowing my head in submission.

"A slave serves only his master!" Kalid thunders.  "His Master is his entire 
universe!  To be my slave means you forfeit your rights to your wife!  Is that 
what you desire?"

"For the remaining period of her sentence?  Yes, I will forfeit my rights to 
her.  I only wish to be near her, to see her, to know that she is all right.  If 
that is possible and still remain here as your slave, I wish it with all my 
heart."

"And what if at the end of her sentence, she doesn't wish to leave?  What then?"

"That will not happen, Kalid.  Heidi will go home with me in five months."

Heidi

I am lying on my back, surrounded by a dozen of Hajib's guests.  My breath is 
coming in gasps and my chest rises and falls with each labored wheeze.  The 
twelve men sit in a circle around me with their legs crossed.  Hajib sits near 
my head, a cattle prod in his hand to assure my performance.

I have fellated all twelve men, crawling from one to the next on my belly while 
hands grope me and pinch my flesh.  Semen covers my upper body and in my hair.  
My hands grope between my thighs to milk the last of several orgasms that I have 
experienced in the last hour.  Hajib has succeeded in his mission: I am now 
little more than an animal, seeking satisfaction of my lust.

From someplace far away I hear the tinkle of a bell and open my eyes to find 
Gregory standing just outside the circle of men.  In his hand is a leash.  At 
the other end of the leash is a Doberman, his tongue licking his lips as his 
eyes stare at me.  His purpose here is clear.

"No!  NO!" I cry, even as I am lifted and turned over.  Strong hands lift me to 
my hands and knees.  I start to stand but Hajib hits me with the prod and I fall 
back to the floor, screaming.  I feel a hand rub my soaking pussy.  My stomach 
is in knots at the thought of a dog mounting me.  I continue to beg them to 
stop.

"Please!  Not this!  Oh, God!  Not this!"

My pleas fall on deaf ears as I feel the dog's front legs circle my waist.  I 
can feel his hot, fetid breath on the back of my neck as he pants in lustful 
anticipation.  Then his cock is in me as I cry out in frustration.

He is thrusting in and out while my body shamefully reacts to his stimulation.  
I am panting with need as I feel his cock growing large inside me.  Quickly he 
cums and I feel his hot gism shoot inside me just as my own orgasm explodes.  
His knob expands, preventing him from withdrawing, while the two of us collapse 
to the floor.  While I lay sobbing, he begins to lick the back of my neck is 
what may be canine post-coital afterglow.

Greg

Heidi has been back for over a month but I have only had a glimpse of her once 
or twice. She was sent back to Kalid by Hajib hung on a cross; her legs spread 
wide and lashed to a cross bar.  A huge dildo protruded from her pussy as she 
was carried into the Sheik's palace.  The dildo was sliding in and out as 
Heidi's stomach muscles rippled.  Her eyes were glazed and drool ran down her 
chin while soft grunts erupted from her throat.  When she was released from the 
cross and Domino attempted to remove the dildo Heidi cried out in protest.

 Kalid continues to drive me 18 hours a day in the fields and stables.  At 
night, I collapse in my cell as Casio fastens the heavy chains to my wrists and 
ankles.  On several occasions, I have been rousted from a deep sleep, strung up 
by my wrists and whipped until I collapse against the whipping post.  My 
contract with the Devil has left me stripped not only of my clothes but my self-
esteem as well.  I grovel at his feet when he commands me and plead for mercy 
when I am tortured.  My hope of rescuing Heidi has long since been abandoned: I 
hunger only for my own release from this nightmare.  

Tonight, at Kalid's private quarters, I am chained to two columns, my arms 
spread wide apart as are my legs.  Kalid sits on the floor in front of me, 
surrounded by soft pillows.  A plate of food is on a small table by his side and 
he partakes of it as he studies me.

'You have pleaded for a visit with your wife," he remarks.  "Tonight, I will 
grant your wish.  However, you will pay for that privilege."

Domino appears by my side and places a ball gag in my mouth, which is tied 
tightly behind my neck.  The gorgeous black is naked from the waist up with only 
a pair of sheer harem pants preventing her from total nudity.  She picks up a 
slender whip consisting of a single thong.

A slight disturbance behind my back causes me to turn and I see Heidi being 
brought into the room by Batu.  When she sees me, there is little sign of 
recognition as she prostrates herself before Kalid.  Heidi is naked except for a 
slender golden chain belt that hangs low on her hips.  The rings in her nipples 
have also been replaced with ones of gold.

The sight of her arouses me and I begin to achieve an erection while Kalid 
caresses her as she lies across his lap.  Heidi turns and looks up at me 
indifferently as if I was simply a stranger.  Then she smiles and begins to 
masturbate while Kalid kneads her breasts.

My arousal is interrupted as Domino wields the whip and slashes it across my 
back.  I lurch forward within the tight restraints of my wrists and ankles and a 
grunt escapes my lips.  Again the whip strikes and I cry out in anguish while 
Heidi continues to smile and finger herself.  My erection is full-blown now and 
I shudder in a mixture of anguish and desire.  The gag muffles my cries and I 
shake my head in torment while I watch my wife shiver in the throes of an 
orgasm.  Her head tilts back and she kisses Kalid while he pinches her nipples 
until they are hard as rocks.

Domino continues to whip me until my back is a mass of fire, a wave that ascends 
to my brain and brings a red haze to my sight.  Dimly I see Heidi roll over and 
take Kalid's cock into her mouth while her head moves up and down slowly.  The 
eroticism of the scene overcomes me and my cock explodes in a flood of cum just 
as Domino brings the whip down on my erect member.  The ultimate agony sends me 
into a stupor.  When I regain my senses, I have been released from the two 
columns and Casio is carrying me back to my cell.  Heidi is nowhere to be seen.




Chapter Nine

Heidi

"You have only six weeks left on your sentence," Kalid is saying.  I am in the 
tower punishment room; my wrists manacled high over my head.  "I should have 
marked you long ago."

Batu is standing nearby, a metal cauldron filled with charcoal glowing at his 
side.  Resting in the bed of coals is an iron rod; its tip glowing white hot.  I 
begin to tremble; my eyes fixed on the tip of the iron shaft.  This is far more 
than I bargained for and I begin to beg.

"Kalid, please!  Don't burn me!  I'll stay here with you forever if you just 
won't do this!  For mercy's sake, have pity!"

Kalid puts on a heavy leather glove, ignoring my plea and takes the iron from 
the bed of coals.  The tip has been molded in the shape of a 'K' and I can see 
waves of heat rising from it.  Batu circles around behind me and grasps my hips 
firmly to keep me still.  As Kalid levels the iron rod and moves it toward my 
groin, I can feel the heat as it approaches my flesh.

"AAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"EEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

The smell of burning flesh fills my nostrils and a tidal wave of pain sweeps 
over me as the iron buries itself inches above my pussy.  A flood of piss runs 
down my leg and nausea rises in my throat until I puke all over myself.  Kalid 
holds the iron against me for an eternity before taking it away.  Removing the 
iron does not stop the pain, however.  As Batu releases my hips, I begin to 
shudder in a paroxysm of agony that attempts to dispel the torment arising from 
my belly.  I hang limply by my wrists, sobbing heavily, my flesh drenched in 
sweat.  Batu raises a glass of water to my lips and I drink thirstily.  
Tenderly, Batu takes a damp cloth and cleans my face and bosom.

I am left to hang there the rest of the afternoon, suffering waves of pain that 
seem to never go away.  Domino visits me later with a salve that she spreads on 
the brand and it helps to sooth the anguish.

"You are well marked, Heidi," she comments as she inspects Kalid's work.  "You 
are now my sister," she says as she lowers the girdle that circles her waist.  I 
look down to see a perfect 'K' in the same place on her as the one just placed 
on me.

"Once marked with Kalid's sign, you will never be free of him again.  Of course, 
you may leave the palace soon, but you will always be Kalid's slave."

As she leaves the tower, I am left to wonder about her shadowy remarks.

Casio

I am summoned to the Master's quarters early one day.  Kneeling at his side is 
the slave girl Heidi, her head bowed in submission.  I bow before him.

"Casio, I must attend to some business in Algiers.  I will be gone for several 
days.  During that time, I am furnishing the slave Heidi for your use.  Use her 
well so that she may practice what she has learned during the last eleven 
months.  It would be interesting if you allowed her husband to observe her 
efforts.  I leave the particulars to your imagination."

I nod my head in assent and grasp the young woman's arm, lifting her to her 
feet.  She looks up at me with a mixture of awe and fear.  Her fair skin, 
tainted only by the red 'K' on her belly, seems even paler against my black 
flesh.  

My room at the palace has been tastefully decorated with a large four-poster 
bed.  I had spent many an hour with my arms and legs chained to the four corners 
of this bed while Domino teased me until I cried out in frustration.  She would 
bring me to the edge of orgasm before squeezing my balls to stop it, then start 
all over again.  It was during one of these tortuous sessions that I blasphemed 
the Master and had my tongue removed.  After that, Domino seemed to take pity on 
me and would sneak into my room late at night where we would make love until 
dawn.

But now I had the white slave girl, Heidi, and the Master wished me to use her.  
I threw her on the bed and tied her arms and legs to the four corners, just as I 
had been tied years ago.  Then I left to go after her husband.

Heidi

Casio raises a sense of fear in me when I am near him.  Standing almost seven 
feet tall, he is overpowering in his presence.  When he lifts me, I am like a 
feather in his grip.  At the same time, I can't help but wonder what it would be 
like to make love with the giant.  Once, when I saw him naked, I was awestruck 
by the size of his manhood.  Surely it would rip a woman apart!  Yet, my heart 
beat rapidly as I stared unabashed and I could sense myself growing wet as I 
fantasized him inside me.

When he threw me on his bed, tying my arms and legs to the four corners, I was 
sexually excited at the prospect of my impending rape.  Then Casio disappeared 
and I lay there, frustrated and lustful.  When several minutes had passed, I 
began to wonder if I would simply be kept there for days while Kalid was gone.

Then the door bursts open and Casio reappears, shoving Greg into the room.  He 
is covered with dust and sweat and naked save for a tiny leather thong.  I feel 
chagrined that my feelings toward Greg have been contradictory.  Yes, I blame 
him for my months as a sex slave but, deep down, there are certain memories of 
the experience that I treasure.  I feel that Kalid has awakened certain aspects 
of my being that have always been suppressed.  In some respects, I believe I 
blame Greg for not arousing them himself. I watch impassionately as Casio 
manacles Greg's wrists to the two posts at the foot of the bed.  Greg's eyes 
bore into mine and I see him grimace when he finds the brand on my stomach.

Casio interrupts my thoughts of Greg as he unties my hands and feet.  I watch as 
he removes his loincloth and climbs up on the bed beside me. Effortlessly, he 
lifts me up and places me astride him; his tumescent cock brushing against my 
soaking wet pussy.  I am in a state of sexual delirium as I raise my body to 
settle down on this massive shaft.  Greg's presence means nothing at this moment 
while I seek to fill my blazing passion with the means to satisfy it.

I settle slowly, absorbing this huge, throbbing cock that fills me beyond 
imagination.  Casio is stroking my nipples and I throw back my head and groan in 
ecstasy, inching lower and lower.  At last, I am resting on his groin.  It feels 
like his cock is going to come out of my throat.

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" I moan, leaning forward to allow my breasts to brush against 
Casio's chest.  His hands grasp my butt-cheeks and squeezed them while lifting 
me gently.  My breath quickens as he moves me up and down, slowly at first.  
Intoxicated with lust I press my mouth against his, exploring the inner regions 
with my tongue.  Casio returns my passion, biting my lip and hastening the speed 
of his hands.  I feel one of his hands exploring the crevice between my cheeks 
and suddenly a finger plunges into my ass.

"Unnnnnnhhhhhhh!!!!!!" I moan, lust consuming me beyond imagination.  Our two 
bodies are rocking up and down in sync; our breath coming in short gasps as we 
climb toward that orgasm that will send us into ecstasy.

"Yes!  Yes!  Yes!  Oh, God!  Oh, Yes!  Oh, God! AAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"

Casio's meat explodes in a flood of cum as my orgasm takes my breath away.  
Again and again I feel his semen erupt against my cervix while we both continue 
to pump up and down, draining the last of our need.  Finally, I collapse atop 
him; my chest heaving as I fight for breath.  Sweat drenches both our bodies 
while I listen to his heart beat rapidly beneath his enormous chest.

Greg

When Casio came to take me from the fields, I couldn't imagine what was 
happening.  Then, when I entered his bedroom and saw Heidi tied to the bed, I 
thought for a brief moment that I was going to enjoy feeling her sensuous body 
beneath me once again.  When Casio chained my wrists to the two posts at the 
foot of the bed, the diabolical scheme of Kalid dawned on me.  I was to be a 
spectator to the fucking of my wife.

I watched incredulously as Casio lifted Heidi and placed her atop him.  
Heartsick, I stared at the two while Heidi lost herself in the carnality of the 
moment.  I began to sob as they moved faster and faster but neither one of them 
were conscious of my presence.  Despite my despondency, I found myself with a 
raging erection.   The tiny leather thong I wore for work in the fields stuck 
out from my groin so far that my balls fell out on one side.  Crazed with a 
combination of desire and longing for revenge, I rubbed against the end of the 
bed until the thong fell down to my ankles.  I continued rubbing against the 
mattress while watching the two before me until a stream of semen shot from my 
cock almost simultaneously at the same moment that Heidi signaled her orgasm.

After a few moments while they lay motionless, I was astounded when Heidi's body 
slid down Casio's and she took his limp cock into her mouth.  Her head began to 
bob up and down while she worked to make it hard once again.  I strained against 
my manacles, desperate to stop her. 

"Heidi!  For God's sake, Heidi!"

My cries are ignored as she continued to work on Casio's flaccid cock.  Before 
long she was rewarded when the turgid snake stood proudly from the black's 
groin.  With a little cry of delight, she mounted him once again and began to 
rock back and forth; little squawks emanating from her throat.  Even from her 
rear, I could see her tits bouncing up and down while she threw back her head in 
pure lewdness

"Oh, yes!  Fuck!  Fuck!  Fuck me, you animal!  I want your cum!  I want your 
cock to explode inside me!  Fuck!  Fuck!  FUCK MEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!"

I can't watch anymore.  The sound of her pussy sucking the giant's cock up 
inside her is more than I can bear.  While Heidi is roaring with delight at her 
second orgasm, I am hanging limply, sobbing in despair.

Greg

We are standing before Kalid, our bags packed and at our sides.  It feels 
strange to once again be dressed in western clothes.  

"Your sentence has been completed," Kalid announces.  "By law, I cannot detain 
the two of you any longer.  Casio is ready to drive you to Algiers where you can 
take the airplane home."

We leave without comment and ride silently the long distance back to the city.  
Purchasing our tickets,  the two of us take seats in the boarding area.  Neither 
of us has spoken since our experience in Casio's bedroom.

Heidi turns to me.  "Greg, you know I love you, don't you?"

"Yes, I suppose so."

"This last year has changed me," she continues.  "I'm not sure who I am at this 
point.  I only know that going back to the life we shared before we came to 
Morocco seems impossible."

"I understand," I remark.  "I feel the same way."

"I have a strong mind to go back to Kalid.  Can you understand?"

"Yes. . .I understand."  My heart grows heavier by the moment.

"What would you do?  I mean, if I go back."

"I'm not sure, Heidi.  I must return to my work, if only to wrap things up.  
Would you consider returning with me for a while to think through what you want 
to do?"

"Well. . ."

"Heidi, I love you.  Please consider carefully before you make a decision."

She sat there, silently, staring off into space.  After a few minutes, she stood 
up.

"I have to go to the restroom," she said.

Boarding for our flight was announced and Heidi had not returned.  Panicked, I 
hurried to the women's restroom and beat on the door.

"Heidi!  Our flight is boarding!"

There was no response.  Impulsively I pushed the door open and ran inside.  The 
restroom was empty.




Epilogue

Heidi

I gaze out the narrow window of the keep at a sun-drenched desert.  A caravan of 
camels can be seen in the distance.  The faint voice of an imam can be heard 
singing his prayers.  I shiver a bit, although the keep is quite warm.  A sheen 
of perspiration dots my naked flesh. 

My arms are raised over my head and held by chains hanging from the two columns 
on either side of me.  I think back to the first time I stood in this position 
and the terror I felt at that time.  Now if feels so natural.

I hear the door open behind me and I tremble with excitement.  Kalid and Batu 
appear before me.

"How long will you stay this time, little one?" Kalid asks, cupping my chin in 
his hand.  His dark eyes seem to stare right through me.

"Until you no longer want me, Master," I reply.  A tear forms in my eye and my 
heart beats rapidly.

"What of your husband?"

"He has returned to the States.  I left him at the airport."

"Very well.   You are no longer Heidi Cole.  From this day on, you will be known 
as Ayilla.  If your husband comes, I will tell him that Heidi Cole is not here."

I bow my head in assent.  "Yes, Master."

"Batu, we have a new slave here at the palace.  Greet Ayilla with your whip.  
Ten strokes every six hours for the next three days."

I close my eyes and my body tenses.  I have come home.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kemosabe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





