BDSM Library - Millenium Products




Millenium Products
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kate is a voluptuous but conservative young mother of a beautiful teenager, but when she agrees to test a new perfume she finds herself changing her points of view and slowly turning into a cum addicted slut, dragging her own daughter along.
Millennium Products 01: the domination of Kate

By Storysmith

Part 1

Introduction

"I don't know mom... he wants more, not just to kiss and stuff...you know...
I..." , the young girl was very embarrassed to talk about her boyfriend, but had
always trusted and obeyed her mother in everything, and now that she was
discovering the passions common to all teenagers, she decided not to hide
anything from her mom.

Kate looked at her daughter with concern. At fifteen she was very beautiful, she
had a pretty face with bright blue eyes and a cute upturned nose. Her face was
crowned with shoulder length black hair. Her daughter Linda was very slim and
long legged, but had the generous bust that was so common to her family; she was
already a C-cup and her breasts were very firm. However, she was shy and had
very few friends, in fact after her father's death she had become completely
attached to her mother, trying to please her in every way and rarely leaving her
house.

Her mother looked quite like Linda, she had married very young due to an
unexpected pregnancy, but she looked a little older than she was, mainly because
of her conservative clothes, which gave her a serious, austere appearance.
However, she was still only 33 years old and in good shape, a little plumper
than she used to be, but with a nice butt and a pair of perfect 36Ds breasts.
Her blue eyes and black hair she shared with her daughter.

Having married at 17 herself, Kate was aware of the danger in avoiding the
tricky subject of sex. Her own mother had never talked about sex when Kate was
Linda's age, she had been too prudish to do so, and was suitably shocked when
Kate confessed her pregnancy, the unforgiven mother never spoke to Kate again -
and had forbidden her younger sister, Donna, to from ever meeting her again.

Thankfully her deceased husband had been a good man who had taken care of her
and was able to provide for both her and Linda during the five years before the
car accident. By the time of the crash she had already found a good job and was
able to hold things together financially. By now she had become a hard working
woman, and was just about able to make ends meet.

Since her husband's death she became very repressed, not having had another man
in her life since then; those who knew her even considered her frigid. She was
not about to let her daughter make the same mistake as her.

"Look at me darling. There's nothing to be ashamed of... it's natural, very
normal to girls your age to feel like that, but you are a good girl, you're too
young to be doing that sort of thing. If he can't wait...well, than you better
try to find another boyfriend... one a little less passionate, one with a bit of
self-control."

"But mom... I love him, and..."

"LINDA STEVENS! I don't like that tone, this is far too serious to be joking
around... do you want to be seen as some kind of SLUT??" - Kate was yelling ,
now quite upset - "You'll do as I say...RIGHT?"

Subdued, Linda trembled with the mixture of fear and respect that she always
felt toward her mother, and said what she always said in these situations - "Yes
mom... you're right".

Linda lowered her head submissively and Kate knew that her daughter would soon
leave her boyfriend; despite her sadness Kate was sure that was the right thing
to do... she didn't want her child to live through the same pain she had had to
endure. She knew that Linda was very obedient and always did what she was told
to do, that was the way she had been raised. Even though she sometimes worried
that the girl was becoming too submissive and too dependent on her, it was
Kate's way of dealing with her child, and she was never able to change it.

First week

Kate was very tired, it had been a hell of a day at work and still she couldn't
relax. The money was running very low. Business at the clothes store was slow
and she would be getting very little commission from sales this month. With all
this spinning around her head, she heard the phone ring, and picked it up in a
foul mood.

"Hello."

"Hello, is that Mrs Stevens talking?" - said the woman at the other end of the
line.

"Yes, who's speaking?" - she asked, not recognising the voice.

"I'm Deborah, from Millennium Perfumes, of the Millennium Chemistry Holding. We
are a new perfume company and we're choosing a group of testers for our new
release 'Obed V'. Your name was chosen at random from a list of women your age
and social class and we would very much appreciate your collaboration. You'll
have to write weekly reports and agree to a non-disclosure contract, but we are
paying a generous weekly wage, if you're interested."

The offer sounded very promising. Brightening up a little, Kate agreed to read
their proposal letter, which arrived three days later. It all looked very
simple, she had to use the perfume every day and write reports about smell
variations, resistance to bathing and other test-related information.

Four days later Deborah visited her home to talk personally with Kate. She was a
young woman, in her mid-twenties perhaps, and she also happened to be a very
pretty blonde. Despite her looks, she was conservatively clad, with a
professional demeanour - she was eager to promote the benefits of being part of
the test group.

After reading every part of the contract Kate agreed to the test. Although she
was a little annoyed that every week she would have to receive a visit from an
expert from Millennium Perfumes who would perform a "qualitative interview",
which would be secret and no one, not even her daughter could know about.
Despite her reservations, she needed the extra money and it wouldn't be that
great a nuisance anyway.

During the following week she diligently applied the 'obed V', and continued
writing her daily report. The perfume had a pleasant but subtle fragrance, and
only one co-worker noticed it. It was Aky, a cute oriental girl who was her only
competitor in bust size at the store. However, Kate quickly managed to change
the subject and protected her clandestine testing of the perfume.

On Sunday Linda went to her friend Nicole's house. Nicole was a short and very
busty brunette, and also a very prudish Christian girl. She was also one of the
only two friends her daughter had. Since Nicole had a pool in her backyard Linda
would probably spend almost the whole day there.

As expected Kate received a visit from the perfume company expert, a redhead
called Rachel. Kate disliked the girl on sight: she was very young, about
twenty, and had a great body, full breasts, a tiny waist and round butt, all of
it showing in a short dress, which barely covered her ample cleavage. Her face
was not perfect, but the effect of her green eyes and short stylish hair was
impressive. Kate felt the interviewer's outfit was too revealing, and more than
a little vulgar.

Placing her handbag on the floor, Rachel proceeded to remove tape recorders and
a sheet of paper that looked like a fairly extensive questionnaire. She smelt of
a different perfume, one which Kate liked a lot. However, the redhead said it
was available only in small doses until it had been market released, and she, as
tester, would receive a little today.

Kate was dressed in a white T-shirt and a skirt that came almost to her knee, it
didn't show much of her body, which she thought would have been inappropriate.
Kate started the conversation as they got ready for the interview:

"Aren't you a little young to be an expert? I was expecting someone older."

"Mrs. Stevens, I assure you I have plenty of experience in this company."

She said this with a little giggle as if it was some private joke. Rachel then
started the interview, asking lots of standard questions. Some minutes later the
strap on the right shoulder of her dress fell a little onto her arm, revealing a
lot of her breast, which was unencumbered by a bra. Rachel didn't seen to notice
it and continued to take notes and ask Kate questions. Gradually the strap
slipped even further, until the top of the interviewer's nipples began to
appear.

"I think your dress is falling down, you're almost topless, you...",  Kate said.

"Mrs Stevens," interrupted Rachel. "We're two grown women, I don't think there's
anything wrong with this. Don't you agree?" The interviewer stared at Kate with
a nervous and eager look, holding her breath as if something important was about
to happen.

"Yeah...I guess you're right." said Kate, without knowing why it had bothered
her so much a little awhile ago - it still felt weird, but not wrong.

"In fact," continued the redhead, relaxing her stance, "don't you think it's
very hot inside here?"

It was pleasant, not hot, thought Kate, but she had just blundered once and
didn't want to look too dumb. "Yes, it is kind of hot."

"I think I will take my top off, do you mind?"

"No, I mean... well, no, you can go on" something was wrong, but she couldn't
quite place it, she was probably just nervous about her first interview.

Rachel lowered the top of her dress revealing two big and firm breasts: a C-cup,
almost a D. "Oh, much better," she said "it's good to let my tits out free for a
while, especially for a woman with big juggs like mine. I can see you have great
hooters too."

"Yes... I mean... my breasts are large..." said the brunette, disliking the
vulgar terms that Rachel used, but still trying to be polite to the company's
expert.

"Oh come on, nobody talks like that. Are you really that old? Why don't you just
say: "I have big tits, real hot hooters" asked the redhead, giggling a little
"Or are you too shy?"

Ashamed to be thought of as shy and old Kate blushed, and said "I have big tits,
in fact they are 36 D-cupped hot boobs." She thought it was strange that she
never used that language before, it seemed so normal.

"Wow, that's huge! Let me see them." said Rachel, smiling wickedly.

"What? I don't think..."

"Oh pleeeaaasee... I'm just curious" the redhead came closer to Kate, until
their faces were inches away. The sweet smell of the interviewer's perfume was
very strong now. "There's nothing wrong with that, just take off your shirt,
that's all."

Well, she is right, thought Kate, what's the problem with two grown women taking
off their tops and showing their tits to each other? An atmosphere of unreality
took hold of the brunette, and still reluctantly she took off her T-shirt,
exposing her full and beautiful chest, which was supported by her heavy bra.

Rachel still looked unsatisfied, and measuring the other woman's breasts with
her eyes she said "it's hard to see it's true size with that monstrous bra, why
don't you take it off too?"

Not wanting to hear another reprimand Kate undid her bra, setting free her huge
tits.

Rachel smiled again and reached for her purse and took out a vial of a blue
liquid bearing the name 'Yence V', and said "See this? It's the perfume I'm
using... give me your hand." With that she poured a little on Kate's hand and
continued, "use a little everyday before you go to sleep... smell it, isn't it
wonderful?"

Kate loved it. It made her feel very light-headed and relaxed.

"Now dear, before I go I have to record you reciting the agreement statement."
Rachel took a small hand-held video camera from her working bag and started to
record.

Kate was a little concerned, she was unsure if she would ask to put her top up
or not, but she started to pick up her bra.

Rachel said "no, no, no... you're fine, all of our testers say the statement
topless. In fact you should move your shoulders."

"but my breasts...tits will jiggle a lot!", Kate complained.

"But, of course they will! That's why you'll move your shoulders."

It made sense to Kate, who started move her shoulders, making her breasts sway
lightly as she read the statement Rachel had prepared for her: "I, Kate Stevens,
assure that no one will become aware of this experi..."

Rachel, without stopping the recording said "faster, move your shoulders
faster."

The brunette moved a little faster making her breasts jiggle obscenely
"...experiment. I also assure you that I'm a hot cunt... wait I..."

"Just say it, ok?" said the interviewer with a no-nonsense face. "And move your
tits faster."

Blushing, Kate sped up her movement and finished the text with some difficulty,
"...who will learn to suck cock and swallow cum and will be willing to be rammed
in the ass. I will love to fuck men and women and I'll help the company to
seduce and enslave other women and even children. I'll love to be gang banged
and drink gallons of cum if the company so desires." Them she stopped, having
finished the text.

"Weird statement", she thought, but couldn't see exactly what was wrong with it.

Rachel seemed satisfied. Still holding the camera, she lifted her hand and
grabbed one of Kate's tits, feeling it. Kate stepped back and said "NO, I don't
like that!"

"Please Kate, it's completely normal for a woman to fondle another woman's
breast...'

"I know," said Kate, still not sure if it was normal or not, "but even so I
don't like it, I... I just don't know why, but..."

Rachel seemed concerned, which made the brunette very nervous. "Okay." said the
redhead, "No problem. Just listen to the instructions for this week: you'll
continue with the use of 'Obed V' every day, and 'Yence V' during the night.
Nothing strange happened here and you will not talk about it with anyone - you
will act normally... Oh... I almost forgot, you will not wear a bra anymore, and
next week you'll wear a more revealing outfit. I will not be alone, another
expert will come with me." Grabbing another vial on her bag Rachel produced a
strange green lotion, "Rub this on your breasts every night, it will help them
get firmer - another of the company's wonderful products." Stuffing her
equipment into the bag she said, "Bye, I can't wait

'till next week".

The interviewer lifted up her bag and left, still smiling wickedly.


Part 2

Introduction

Kate slept very well throughout the following week, and felt restored and
relaxed in the mornings. She got out of bed early and met her daughter during
breakfast. Linda had looked sad all through the week, possibly still worried
about that boyfriend problem; but Kate didn't care as she usually did.

During the week she had always gone braless to work, but, by a wise choice of
clothes, it had passed unnoticed. However, Linda opened the bathroom door
unexpectedly on Thursday morning, and caught her mother buttoning up her shirt
without a bra.

"Mom! Where's your bra?!" exclaimed the younger brunette.

"Well, I felt like going to work like that, you know... it's more comfortable
and..." Kate said while finishing the buttons.

"It's not! And isn't it nasty to go braless? You would never let me go to school
without one!" said the girl, almost stunned by her mother's strange behaviour.

"Darling, I'm in no mood to discuss it." Kate said coldly. "I feel like going
braless, okay? Are you going to control my life now, is that it?" she asked with
an icy stare.

As always, Linda lowered her head. "Sorry mom, I didn't mean to..."

"Then just shut up and try to show a little respect towards your mother for a
change!" Kate spoke with her usual controlling voice.

"But mom, that's unfair... I've always obeyed you, I always did what you told
me... no matter what... I even broke up with..." the girl whimpered, almost
crying.

"Then let's forget all of it, just accept this small whim of your mothers." she
said as she embraced her daughter "Just be my good and obedient little girl,
won't you?"

"Yes mom, I'm very sorry." The busty girl said, still trembling "I'll always
obey you in everything...always!"

Linda didn't comment on the subject from then on, but still was puzzled by her
mother's attitude, it was so unlike her. In the clothes store the week passed
smoothly, especially for Kate, who was in high spirits all day.

At home Kate talked with her daughter about Linda's former boyfriend from school
- the only one she'd ever had, and was concerned with how deeply it affected the
young girl. Especially because he had said she would never have a boyfriend for
long because she wouldn't have any kind of sex.

Second week

As the weekend approached once again Kate managed to send Linda to Nicole's
house and was ready for her Sunday interview. This time she wore a new dress she
had bought during the week, which was very figure hugging and was clearly a few
good inches above knee-length. It had thin straps that tied in a lace bow at the
back of her neck, and most important of all, it showed a lot of cleavage.

As she opened the door she saw Rachel even more scantly clad than before,
wearing a button up and almost transparent blouse, braless of course, and
sporting a tight miniskirt that showed off her shapely legs to great effect.
Right beside her was the second interviewer, a middle-aged man who was plump,
but not bad looking in his smart suit.

He introduced himself to Kate as Max and the trio prepared for the interview,
this time mounting the camera on a tripod and setting up more sophisticated
recording equipment. Max also opened a bottle of clear liquid that smelled
wonderful to Kate, who instantly started to feel more comfortable and relaxed.
They made some test recordings and Rachel then started the interview with
questions about Kate's moods during the week and the reactions to the perfume of
those who came into contact with her at work and at home.

Five minutes into the interview Max spoke for the first time - "so you have a
daughter Kate. How old is she?"

"Fifteen" Kate answered.

"Good, do you have any recent photos of her?"

"Yes."

"Get me some of them, especially any swimsuit ones - ones that show off her
whole body, if you have them."

The brunette produced some pictures that had been taken on a holiday trip to the
beach, not thinking this request to be anything but normal.

As he looked through the photos Max said casually "Oh, I almost forgot, take off
your dress please."

"Why?" Kate asked, puzzled, but not upset.

"For your statement, silly" giggled Rachel.

Of course, the statement, how could I forget, all the testers do it topless,
Kate remembered

As the large breasted woman began to strip naked, Max asked her "Your daughter
seems to have nice, big tits. Describe them to me...what's her name?"

Well, it was an interview, rationalised Kate, even if she couldn't see the point
in the questions that Max was asking. "Her name is Linda and...well, she's a 34
C-cup, and since she's very young they seen to stick out, almost defying
gravity," she giggled a little. "They are very pointy and the nipples are really
big. Since she's such a slim little girl her boobs seen to be even larger than
they are."

"And what is your relationship with her like?" he continued as he watched her
remove the last of her clothes.

The proud mother spoke for a long while about how obedient and mild-mannered her
little girl was, and even talked of the old problem with the over-eager
boyfriend.

Throughout her speech, Max seemed very interested, smiling occasionally and
saying things like "perfect" or "very good" at every opportunity. When she had
finished talking Max asked "So, she's become very dependent on you, obeying your
every order, right?

"Yes." replied Kate.

"And because you don't want her to get pregnant you have forbidden her from
having sex, correct?"

"Yes."

"And she had to break up with her boyfriend because of this, which made her very
sad, yes?"

"That's right."

"Have you ever thought about an alternative to sex?" he smiled mildly at Kate.

"I only wish it were possible, but I don't trust condoms and we both have
allergy problems with birth control drugs..."

"I was talking about oral sex. Why don't you urge your daughter to suck cock?
It's quite safe."

"What? Oh, no...It's dirty and degrading, neither my child nor I would ever do
do such an act." She mentioned all of this as if it were some trifling,
unimportant matter.

"No, it's not!" said Rachel, jumping into the conversation, "In fact I will show
you how it's done so you can judge it for yourself." She knelt down in front of
Max and pulled down his zipper. "You shouldn't deny yourself the possibility of
helping your daughter without seeing it first."

The redhead had already taken Max's cock in her hands, and was gently stroking
it. "Get down on your knees beside me Kate, so that you have a better view."

Well, why not, thought Kate, I only have to watch. She went down on her knees by
the redhead's side, but Rachel kept urging her to come closer, until she was
only inches from Max's erection. From there she watched her very first blowjob.

Rachel opened her mouth and took in the head of his cock, sucking gently whilst
he spoke. "As you see Mrs Stevens, Rachel loves sucking my dick." She began to
take his entire shaft into her mouth. "There's nothing dirty or degrading about
it."

Rachel's mouth went all the way to his balls, deep throating him while her hands
unbuttoned her shirt, letting her tits fall free. Max continued speaking to
Kate, "In fact, every woman who tries giving head ends up loving it. I'm sure
that if you tried it, you'd end up a great cocksucker."

Rachel's head began to bob up and down on his hard prick, when Max exclaimed, "I
have an excellent idea! Kate, you will suck my cock so you can get a perfect
idea of what it's like. Rachel will teach you how to do it."

Kate saw the buxom interviewer let the cock slip out of her mouth with a loud
'pop' and move her large tits to it, placing the member between them. She
started to move up and down against it, and said,"You'll just love it Mrs
Stevens. Once you begin to give head you'll become an insatiable cocksucker, I'm
sure of it." The younger woman then gave up her place to Kate, who was standing
just behind her. Rachel moved back so that their bodies came into contact, her
big boobs pressed against the other woman's back. One hand was gently jerking
off the cock, the other was guiding the Kate's head.

Kate could see how much Rachel had enjoyed sucking Max's cock, and she
remembered what they had said about every woman loving sucking cock. Well, she
thought, I must have been wrong all that time. Why not give it a try? Maybe
that's the solution to my child's problem... I have to think of her happiness,
after all.

She looked at the rock hard member, still unsure of what to do, and she heard
the redhead saying "Now I'll teach you how to be a good cocksucker, open your
mouth," Kate did as she was told and Rachel fed her the stiff cock, holding it
with one hand and pulling at the brunette's head with the other. "Taste it..it
is soooo good, you'll love the taste!" Kate heard her, and she started to enjoy
it's flavour, it was nice and rich... not as vile as she had imagined.

The other woman continued to teach her how to be a cocksucker. "Wrap your lips
around the head of his big prick... look at him with those beautiful blue eyes
of yours, every man will love it. Use your tongue to lick around his cockhead a
few times". The brunette worked hard to do it as well as she could, and judging
by the expression on Max's face she was doing it right. She concentrated even
harder on her task when she heard Rachel talking. "Now start bobbing your head
up and down on his penis...you love it! You feel so horny and hot when you suck
dick... giving head gives you a wonderful sensation!"

The redhead continued to tell her how good she felt being a cocksucker, while
her hands went to Kate's boobs and started to massage them, and she added to her
litany that she loved to have her tits handled, that she would try to 'casually'
brush her breasts against men whenever possible, that she would wear clothes
that showed her ample cleavage. Then she stopped for a minute and said "You see,
this is the solution to your daughter...she will suck off her boyfriends so she
won't get pregnant. What a happy family you'll be...two big titted cocksuckers!"
Rachel saw the brunette pause for a moment in doubt, but swiftly continued "It's
the right thing to do, it's for her happiness...She'll still be a virgin, all
the dicks will be cumming in her mouth, not in her pussy."

Kate seemed convinced by this and continued to suck on Max cock with abandon,
loving every second of it. Why haven't I done it before? I never knew it was so
good! Of course my child will love it too, I must get her to suck cock as soon
as possible, she thought. Max started to moan, was this normal? Kate didn't
know, but then Rachel explained. "Well done Kate, he's about to cum...to fill
your mouth with his sperm. You'll love the taste of jism - the best part of
sucking dick is when they cum in your mouth."

The young redhead begun to talk very seriously. "Move your mouth up to the head
of his cock and grab his shaft, jerk him off fast. When He cums don't spill
anything, and don't swallow... keep it all in your mouth."

Kate did as she was told and soon felt his dick swell, spurting cum inside her
mouth, hitting the back of her throat. She was very excited and loved to feel
his cum, it felt wonderfully nasty! But still she didn't like the taste of it,
she was only holding it inside her mouth because Rachel had told her to do so.
She continued to jerk him off with her lips tightly closed around the head of
his cock, until he finally stopped cumming, some five spurts later. He had shot
a huge load and she could hardly keep it all in her mouth. The younger woman
told her to take the penis out with care, and not to spill a single drop of cum.
Kate complied with zeal.

Max then started to talk. "Kate do you like the taste of cum?" She thought for a
moment and couldn't quite decide, but she ended up shaking her head, saying no.
Max looked concerned, then finally said, "look, this was your first time, you'll
soon learn to love it. In fact, to help you get used to it, we'll end the
interview with the cum in your mouth." Rachel went to the camera and started
filming.Max continued, "First, open your mouth carefully and show the camera all
the sperm you have inside." Kate opened it wide - showing a mouthful of cum.

"Now," he kept talking "tell me that you are a big titted cocksucking slut."

Kate hardly could talk, "I'm a beeg teeded cog suggin slood."

"Swallow it all" Max commanded.

And she swallowed, still not liking the taste very much.

"Will you teach your daughter to become another big titted cocksucking slut?" He
spoke again.

She was no slut! Thought Kate, but decided not to make a fuss. "Yes.", she
replied.

"Yes, what?"

"I will teach her to be a big titted cocksucking slut...."  she thought for a
moment then completed "...like me."

"Good. But to teach her you will have to take some more lessons, you don't even
like the taste of cum yet" he said, noticing that she had blushed shamefully at
her shortcoming. "You'll go to this address on Friday. Take a sick day off work.
You'll learn to love the taste of sperm." He gave her a business card.

"Oh, thank you Max." she said, beaming.

He produced a small bottle and continued, "And put a pinch of this powder in
each of your daughter's meals every day, it will be a real help to her later
on."

Kate carefully accepted the bottle.

"Again, you'll not talk to anyone about this, and of course, nothing strange
happened here."

Shortly afterwards the two interviewers left the house, wearing satisfied looks
on their faces.


Part 3

Linda's weird adventure

It was almost the weekend again, and lately Linda had been having a lot of fun
on Sundays - her mother had been encouraging her to get closer to Nicole, one of
her only two friends, the other being Debbie, a cute girl with light brown hair.
Linda wanted to please her mother with all her heart. She was working hard to
control her natural shyness that had prevented her from having any real friends
since her father had died.

Nicole was a good girl from a very religious family, who were fairly comfortable
financially. They had a big house and even a pool, where she, Linda and Debbie
had been working hard every Sunday to get a tan, despite their rather
conservative swimsuits.

Nicole's father enjoyed the girl's company and was very nice to all three of
them, although Linda sometimes thought that she noticed him ogling her big
breasts, and even his own daughter's well developed bust. Debbie was not as big
on top as her or Nicole, she was a perky B-cupped girl, but she had a perfect
round butt and beautiful legs, which drew the attention of all the neighbourhood
boys, and even Mr Devoux, Nicole's father.

Linda was walking through her school halls, still upset by her mom's strange
behaviour of the last few days. She had started to wear more provocative
clothing, especially things that showed her generous cleavage, and since she
never wore bras anymore, her ample chest bounced provocatively as she walked. On
Friday she had come back from work with a strange look on her face, saying that
this weekend she had something important to teach Linda on Sunday, so she
couldn't go to Nicole's house. Another weird thing was that her mother had been
using some new ingredient in the food and it had a strange, and not very
pleasant flavour. However, her mother insisted that it was important for a girl
to eat well at home. Maybe it was some kind of vitamins or stuff like that,
although for the first few days she felt a little sick after meals.

Still thinking about her mother she started to put her books in her locker, when
Dennis, the class weirdo, emerged from the bathroom, panting and looking sweaty.
Yuck, that boy was a creep! His locker was just to the right of hers, what
crappy luck! Linda pretended not to see him, as he passed her and started to
open his locker. He had probably spent the last hour in the bathroom, since she
hadn't seen him in her English class.

Just when he opened his locker, his left hand came very close to Linda's head.
She smelled the most delicious aroma coming from his hand, but she didn't know
what was it. She looked at the boy and worked up the nerves to talk to him, she
had to find out what the smell was. "H-Hi Dennis... I..." she said, already
blushing from her natural shyness.

He looked puzzled and said "Hi... it's Linda, right?"

"Right", said an extremely red Linda, taking his hand in hers. "Can I check for
something on your hand?", she asked, lifting his hand to her face in the hope of
recognising the perfume.

He blushed deeply and quickly whipped his hand away, but something on the back
of his hand fell onto Linda's finger. It was a white and sticky kind of liquid
that had formed on her finger in a small globular shape. She saw that Dennis was
blushing and gagging, too stunned to do anything. She raised her finger and
smelled the strange liquid. It was FANTASTIC! She loved it and decided to take a
tiny taste. She loved the salty flavour; She eagerly stuck her finger in her
mouth and had a most incredible sensation, she was so hot inside she couldn't
control herself. "WOW! That is great! What is it? Can you get a little more for
me? Pleeeaassee!?" she would have given anything for another gulp of that
delicious liquid.

Wide eyed and open mouthed Dennis was stunned for some seconds, and then smiled
and said, "OK, let's get a cup so I can get a little more of that stuff for
you."

"Oh, really! Thank you! I'll get you a cup." She ran off and quickly found a
small cup of coffee that had been used by some teacher. She cleaned it and
returned, exultant.

The boy looked weird, with a wicked grin in his lips. Linda showed him the cup,
but he didn't take it, instead he said, "You know Linda...since you want it so
much...I think there's a couple of things that I want from you too. You see,
it'll be like a kind of gift exchange..."

She guessed that he wanted something like money or for her to do his homework,
something like that...she agreed immediately.

He smiled cruelly and told her what he wanted. "First of all, go to the
bathroom, take off your bra and return here." He noticed that she was shocked
and continued, "Well, if you don't want it that much, fair enough. I think I'm
going home...", he slowly started to turn away from her.

The beautiful busty teenager fought a short and losing battle against her
feelings. Dennis was beginning to walk away when she blurted out:"Wait! I... I
will... I'll do it, wait a minute, please". She ran to the bathroom and
struggled to take off her bra as quickly as possible. Putting her shirt back on,
she felt her tits bounce as she walked, her big mounds moving in an obscene way,
especially because she was almost running. As she reached Dennis she started to
say, "Well, now you'll..."

"Not so fast Linda, let's go to somewhere more...private.", he smiled, taking
her to a quiet corner where they knew no-one was likely to pass by. He got very
excited just looking at her boobs through the fabric of her shirt and hoarsely
continued, "Undo the top button of your shirt."

She was very embarrassed, but she desperately wanted another sip of that liquid.
She reddened further as she undid the button.

"Now the next one.", he smirked, and she did it. He checked to see if anyone was
coming and continued, "One more." he ordered, and she did. by now a lot of
cleavage was showing, her incredibly firm young breasts almost bare. "The last
one." he said, and she undid it, completely humiliated.

Checking again for intruders, Dennis was satisfied that no one was coming and
grabbed the top of Linda's shirt, opening it down to her waist, the sleeves
rolled down around her arms.

Her tits stood proudly on view for her classmate, her beautiful big nipples and
the tan marks from her one-piece swimsuit were obviously having quite an effect
on Dennis, but Linda, on the other hand was softly sobbing from pure
humiliation.

But the boy wasn't statisfied yet, with an eager look on his face Dennis raised
his hands, Linda took a step back, but heard the nasty boy say 'quiet', and she
complied, unable to understand how she was so desperate for another taste of
that strange liquid. The creepy boy's hands took hold of Linda's firm and
upturned mounds, kneading them with gusto. She tried to control herself, but
couldn't, and her tears continued to fall, as Dennis handled her large boobs for
a couple of minutes.

Seeing her crying for so long, Dennis decided to stop. He took the cup, and
smiling broadly, he sneaked back to the bathroom. He refused to tell her what
the liquid was, but assured her that she'd get her cupful. Some minutes later he
returned, looking drained, but still smiling, and handed her the cup.

Linda couldn't believe it, there was a dribble of the substance in the cup, but
it was so small. She had expected more. She smelled it tenderly and drank it
all, and even used her tongue to clean up the cup and lick her lips. She was in
heaven, and a little orgasm rocked her body. She wasn't used to it, as she had
rarely masturbated since her mother had told her that it was wrong. It seemed
like a very powerful orgasm to the naive young brunette. Dennis stood in front
of her, fondling her breasts while she climaxed for a long time, and as she
started to calm down he said, "If you want more, I can show you how..." But
Linda pushed him away in disgust.

A part of her wanted to stay and get another delicious load, but she resisted
and quickly ran away, her breasts were bouncing wildly as she struggled to
button up her shirt. Her only thought was that she had to find another way of
getting that liquid, whatever it was!


Part 4

Week two special: Kate drinks a lot

It was Friday morning and Kate had lied to her daughter, saying that she was
going to work, but instead she called in sick and went directly to the address
indicated on the business card that Max had given her. She was very nervous, but
couldn't figure why. She decided to wear something a bit more formal: a
sophisticated suit, 3 inch high heels and a very transparent blouse which did
little to hide her buxom figure - in fact, her breasts were only really hidden
by the suit.

She loved the blouse, it was especially good for brushing against men's arms or
chests. Her boss almost had a heart attack when she passed through the
administration door; he was on the middle of the doorway reading a report and
only noticed her when she brushed her tits all the way up his right arm, and
when he saw her breasts through her almost-transparent blouse, his jaw almost
hit the floor. It was so fun and naughty!

Waking from her daydreams Kate found herself in front of the adress indicated in
the card, the Millenium Chemestry Building. The building was crowded, with busy
people constantly hurrying through. It was a important administration centre for
the Millennium Chemistry, or so it seemed to Kate. Her name was cleared with
security and after she had waited for some 15 minutes in a comfortable chair Max
arrived to greet her.

His sweet perfume immediately relaxed her; she rationalised that the smell
marked him as a familiar person, someone whom she could trust.

He guided her through a maze of corridors to an exclusive elevator that only
opened after a retina scan on Max. They entered in an opulent room that
contained two big couches and a small table. On the table lay a hypodermic
needle and a large glass of water.

Max started to talk and Kate soon felt very relaxed and comfortable. "First of
all I must know, do you really want to help your daughter?"

"But, of course I do!" she answered.

"Then I'll have to inject you with an experimental medicine we've been working
on, it will help you... to be comfortable in this process." He took the
hypodermic needle and injected a liquid into her arm. Kate felt the world gain
an atmosphere of irreality, her head light and confuzed.

Max stood looking at her with a evil grim for long minutes, until he noticed she
was returning to normal, and said roughly, "On your knees, in front of me,
whore."

Kate thought he was being crude in talking to her like that, but she wanted so
much to help her daughter. She decided to accept his bad manners and knelt down
in front of him.

"Take off your blouse." he commanded.

Was she going to make a statement? Kate decided not to ask as she stripped.

"Now get my cock out."

She quickly unzipped him and grabbed his growing cock. She wanted so much to
suck it again, it felt so good to suck dick! The suggestions were already
strongly built into her mind.

"Suck it, whore."

She opened her mouth, and licked the head with her eager tongue, then she took
his half hard member into her mouth and begun bobbing her head up and down on
his hardening penis, completely happy to be giving head again.

"Look at me.", ordered Max. Without hesitation, she raised her bright blue eyes
to him. "Keep sucking, only take my cock out to answer my questions and then
return to sucking it as soon as you finish your answer, you cocksucking bitch."

He was so rude! If she didn't love his hard dick so much...Oh, and he can help
my daughter too! I just can't quite remember how...Kate's thoughts were lost as
she sucked even harder.

She was sucking and licking with all her might, when she heard Max ask her: "So
you know why you're here?"

Taking his prick from her mouth, she said "So you'll train me to help my
daughter?"

"No." he said, "you're here because I like big titted women. You're already on
the point of obeying me completely. In fact you don't have any emotional
understanding of what you're doing." He grabbed her head and started to force
her to deep throat him, and since she was not used to it she gagged a lot as he
continually forced her head up and down his shaft. "You are one of the first
slaves created by our new experimental drug."

"Your daughter, on the other hand received, from you, daily doses of another
drug." He took his cock out of her mouth. "grab your tits and put my cock
between them...", she did as he commanded. "Now squeeze them around my penis and
start to move them up and down...yes, tit fuck me, you bitch!" She was looking
directly into his eyes, curious, though not worried, to hear more. Her body was
feeling tings she hadn't known existed. It was like a constant minor orgasm, and
from time to time, a huge and powerful climax would hit her.

"Your daughter's conscience is unaltered, she understands perfectly everything
that is happening to her, but now she has a strong addiction to human sperm. It
causes her to feel incredible sensations and she'll crave it with all her heart.
And her addiction is so strong that she could die if she failed to obtain a
steady supply of it." Max was half mad with lust from her tit fucking, and he
grabbed Kate's shoulders, lifting her and throwing her onto the couch. She
landed on all fours, her big tits swaying below her. "I'll fuck you doggy style
now" he said.

She had not been penetrated by a man since her husband died, but now she didn't
seen to care. He grabbed her hips and slid his cock inside her, starting to fuck
her hard. "Of course I'm going to provide a dose of sperm every Sunday, my cum
will be the best thing in the world for your daughter, her body was changed to
feel it, but she will soon need more, much more... and I'm sure you'll help her
get her regular 'servings', right?"

"Right..ugh! Oh...I'll...I'll help my daughter get her sperm." Kate said while
he moved in and out of her.

Grabbing her long black hair Max forced her head down, so that she had to arch
her body. He started to talk again. "But your situation can improve, you'll
receive drugs that lessen the effects that you feel now... as long as you
continue providing me with more beautiful, big breasted women!"

Kate understood that she was a slave now, his rough thrusting moviments were a
constant remind of it. She wasn't able to feel fear or hatred, only a powerful
excitment and orgasm-like sensations, she was even glad as this evil man fucked
her so roughly, the fact that she was going to turn her own daughter into a
cocksucking whore was less important than the horny bang she was recieving.

The man started to move faster and soon he was cumming inside her. He collapsed
on top of her - she was already exhausted from the powerful sensations she had
felt.

Max took a minute to recover and Kate took the opportunity to ask "Max...was it
Rachel that chose me?"

"No," he laughed. "She had never seen you before, but you'll meet the person
that picked you out, she'll help you get used to the taste of cum." With that,
he pressed a hidden button on the couch and soon a large number of young men
-all naked - entered the room. A woman stood behind them, but before Kate could
see her face, Max smiled and asked her, "I think you already know Donna,
remember her?"

Kate couldn't believe her eyes as she watched her younger sister step into the
room.


Part 5

Bad news from the family

It was a nightmare to Kate. The beautiful 33 years old mother was spread on a
couch, her swollen pussy dripping Max' sperm, having just been told that she was
a drugged slave and she was going to help this evil people turn her only child
into a cum addicted slut. Now she found out that her own younger sister, whom
she had not seen in years, had chosen her for this terrible destiny.

Donna was about 29 years old by now, and had huge 38D breasts, unnaturally firm
and pointy. Kate was shocked and unable to react as Max stepped out of the room.

"Hi sis.", said Donna

"Why Donna? Why?"

"Because you're my sister.", she said without remorse, "Max liked the idea so
much that gave me some 'medicine' that helped me think straight. Now shut up and
listen."

Kate knew she ought to be furious, but was feeling only mildly shocked, even so
she listned with care to her sister, obedience to anyone using the right
fragrance was built into her body and soul now, and Donna had a perfume that was
nearly as powerful as max'.

"These twenty boys are going to jerk off and all of them are going to cum in
that glass." Donna continued. "And when the last one has finished you're going
to drink it all. They'll jerk off again later and then you'll suck every cock
until they all cum in the glass again...and then you'll drink it all again.",
she laughed, "After that you'll suck them off in pairs. I'll tell you how to do
it right, my little prudish sis, and you'll take all their sperm in your
mouth... I'm afraid you'll have to swallow it all, of course."

Kate saw that they were already jerking off quite rapidly. "Don't worry big
sis," she heard Donna saying, "They can all cum plenty of times, they were
prepared for this, and the drug Max injected into you will make you feel great
when you're drinking it. You'll learn to associate pleasure with the taste of
cum and will soon start to love it."

Kate saw her sister sit neatly on the couch and start to caress her head, as if
she, her older sister, was some kind of pet. "It's so exciting to see all those
men jerking off, don't you think?" The quicker ones were already coming in the
huge glass, working hard not to waste any of the liquid as they handed the glass
on to one another. Donna started to caress her sister's shoulders and Kate
noticed that more than half of the men had already cum. Donna's hands were
causing a wonderful arousal that she had never felt before. Suddenly she wanted
- no she desired - the taste of all those cocks.

Soon all of the boys had deposited their sperm into the big glass. Kate gasped
as she saw the huge volume of the foul smelling liquid swirling around, and
breathed deeply as her sister grabbed her tits from behind and spoke softly into
her ear. "Drink it, drink it all Kate, swallow all that sperm, sis."

Kate took the big cup of cum and raised it to her lips, the strong smell filled
her nostrils, but instead of making her sick, the strong odor turned her on.
Drawing all the courage she had the busty mother begun to drink from it; the
taste was vile, but she felt a constant orgasmic sensation as she swallowed the
sperm.

"What would mom think Kate, if she saw you drink all that cum? Twenty guy's
jism...gosh, that's an awful lot of sperm." Her sister whipered while slowly
caressing her large and sensitive breasts. "Do you know that he made me fuck
daddy? Mom watched it all. She couldn't move or speak, she was drugged of
course, but she saw it all..." Kate kept drinking, and even though the taste was
disgusting, she was in ecstasy.

"Momma started to cry when he fucked me in the ass. Back then I loved to take it
in the ass. But he ended up coming in my mouth, you know... that's one of Max's
favourite endings. I showed daddy all that cum in my mouth...then I showed it to
mom, and kissed her...forcing all of dad's sperm into her mouth. She was one of
the subjects of the first sperm-addiction drug. She swallowed it all... gladly"

Kate had almost drained the glass. "I noticed Max's excitement about momma's
suffering and the whole incest situation, so I thought of you, and had the
pleasant surprise of finding your beautiful, big titted, innocent, teenager
daughter, what a rare combination! I decided to take care of her too, after all
I'm still her aunty!"

With that Kate finished the whole glass, her body was trembling from the
powerful and constant orgasmic sensations, she was unable to say or do anything,
too drained even to speak. But she was able to notice that the men were jerking
off again and formed a line in front of her face.

"Come on, open your mouth and take that big fat cock inside." her sister said.
"You have a lot to learn today... you'll learn to be a good cocksucking slut my
big titted sis."

Even being so drained Kate opened her mouth just to feel an eager cock enter her
lips, she started to suck the swollen prick as well as she could, but Donna
wasn't satisfied, she started to teach her older sister how to do it properly.
Kate shivered in unwanted pleasure as Donna taught her deep-throating and
several other cocksucking techniques. Each guy stood no more than thirty seconds
with her, and then she moved on to the next lucky subject.

As Kate learned the secrets of giving good head, her sister returned to her
plans. "I almost pity little Linda, unlike us she will feel that what she's
doing is immoral, wrong...but she won't be able to help it. The need will become
to big and consuming. She won't be able to fight it."

Kate saw some of the men cumming again, shooing their speerm into the glass. She
was almost longing for the wonderful sensation of swallowing cum, even if the
taste was bad. Sucking this guys' cocks was becoming natural to the formerly
bashful woman, and the smell of so much semen was starting to have a horny
effect on her.

Donna continued to explain her plans, "I will make her seduce some ugly, older
man, a fat one will do better. And I'll force her to betray her friends, turning
them into sluts, they will fuck anyone, anywhere, I'll turn them from teenaged
bashful girls into cocksucking, assfucking bitches."

In a few minutes all the men had already spurted their sperm into the glass a
second time. "Linda will suck a lot of boy's cocks at school, of course. Maybe
even a teacher...Max will love it!" Donna gestured for the last boy to hand Kate
the glass. "Smell the odour before you start to drink it... what do you think of
this fragrance?"

"It's vile!" Kate said.

"And the taste?"

"I'm getting used to it, but it's still bad."

"Your daughter... poor Linda... she already LOVES it! The smell is incredibly
precious to her and the taste just drives her crazy. She just doesn't know it
yet." Donna's right hand moved to Kate's pussy and started to play with it.
"Drink it all as I talk to you."

Kate started to drink again, tasting the nasty flavour of sperm on her tongue,
but receiving the orgasmic sensations she was already accustomed to. Donna began
anew, "Linda will be a cock sucking, cum swallowing slut... just like our mom is
now. Max will humiliate her, forcing her to suck some of his old and ugly
trusted workers..." Kate swallowed faster and faster, utterly enjoying her
unnatural orgasms as she heard her sister's speech. "And she will suck their
cocks, eager to get the precious cum, even if she hates what she's doing...hates
what she has become."

Kate finished the huge glass of cum and was already longing for more of the
sensation-bringing liquid. She noticed the line of hard cocked men in front of
her again, this time in pairs. Donna told her "Let's see what you've learned
sis, suck them until they come." And so Kate spent the best part of the day
practising the techniques her sister taught her, until the last duo finished
inside her mouth. Her sister, who had been correcting her cock-sucking mistakes
and guide her in the best ways of giving head, told her to get dressed and
prepare to go back home.

"This Sunday, sis," she said as Kate was leaving, "your daughter will be with
you in the interview, make sure she is there. And the drug you received today
will last the whole week, so if you wish to experience those feelings again...
you already know how to get it."

Kate was almost outside the door when she heard "Oh! I Almost forgot to tell
you... Max is planing to fuck you together in a few weeks, and he is going to
love fucking Linda's virgin ass..."

Donna thought she could almost see hatred in Kate's eye for a second, the drugs
made this impossible, of course. She smiled with satisfaction, things were
begining to work the way she wanted.


This chapter ends the first of the millenium products stories, the corruption of
Linda will follow very soon.




Millennium Products 02: The Corruption of Linda

Introduction: Kate becomes a slut

	Saturday. Just yesterday, Kate was disgusted by the taste of semen, but
after her training she came to crave the powerful feelings it gave her. She was
aware that this Sunday she would have to do many unnatural things. She would
have to help Max fuck her child, her only daughter. But she couldn't care less
for it right now, only the delight brought by dripping cum was important for
her. The last hours had been torture as the young mother dreamed about a nice
cock in her mouth.

	Linda was in school for a special class today, and all Kate could think
of was sucking a cock until it came in her mouth. She tried to resist, cold
baths and all, but the busty mother ended working up a plan.

	Mr. Rudolf Stone, her boss, was alone in the store today doing some
accounting. Kate remembered how hot he had gotten just feeling her tits pressed
against him. She was sure he got a hard on when she turned around, her boobs
showing through her transparent blouse. He was around fifty, bald and skinny,
his heavy glasses giving him a serious look. But he could give her what she
needed.

	After less than a twenty minute ride she was in front of the closed
store, strongly trying to give up the absurd idea. But the thought of the
pleasure of swallowing cum was just too much for her. Kate knocked on the back
door that opened to the small waiting room, which contained the secretary's desk
and a couch.

	She was greeted by a surprised Mr. Stone. "Kate? What're you doing
here?"

	"Sorry Mr. Stone, but there's something very important for me inside the
store." The busty brunet said as she entered the store. She was dressed in a
short skirt, five inches above her knee, and a half open blazer. Without a
blouse or bra her deep cleavage was showing, and her big boobs bounced freely as
she walked, moving her hips in a provocative way.

	Stone stood wide-eyed. Kate had always been a very conservative woman.
he could not understand what was happening. "Ha-have you forgotten something
here?" Stone said as he closed the door.

	"No," said Kate as she looked in his eye. She had unbuttoned her blazer
while he locked the door and was delighted to see him open mouthed, staring at
her large nude tits, unable to speak. The busty woman walked closer to him,
stopping with her face inches from his, the big breasts touching his chest, and
her hands sliding to his crotch, finding an already hard cock. "But it seems
I've found what I was looking for..."

	Dropping on her knees she unzipped his trousers and took his stiff
member in her hands. Kate knew it should feel wrong and humiliating, but lately
she wasn't able to feel shame, wrongness, hatred or any other feeling, only the
pleasure and rightness of doing what Max, or someone in his name, commanded her.

	She started sucking Stone's cock with fair technique, learned Friday.
The horny woman became lost in the moment. She now loved to suck dick, and was
anxious to taste his sperm! Her boss was completely surprised at her actions,
but also getting uncontrollable sexual urges, stronger than he had felt in
years. Kate kept slurping, sucking, twirling and licking for all she was worth
for several minutes as she heard the pleased moans and groans of her boss.

	Suddenly Stone grabbed her hair and pulled her onto the couch. He
climbed it, taking off her skirt and panties, while Kate jiggled her ass
obscenely, looking over her shoulders, inviting him to fuck her. "Oh Mr. Stone,
put this hard cock in my pussy! Fuck my cunt... pleeeaase... I need it sooo
much!"

	"You're such a slut, and for years I thought you were a prude... now
feel my cock, Kate," he said as he started to fuck her "This has been my fantasy
for so long!"

	"You wished to fuck me, Mr. Stone?" She asked provocatively.

	"Yeah! I love big tits like yours, my horny slut!" he was almost
babbling. His penis was going all the way to his balls, disappearing inside her.

	Kate smiled wickedly, feeling very nasty. "So you want to shove your
hard cock in your big boobed employees?" She heard a barely audible "Yes" and
added, "Then you also want to get your dick inside Aky? The Japanese slut has
such big melons!" Noticing that it had got him even hotter the busty woman
continued "Oh Mr. Stone! You're sooo good, I'll fuck you whenever you want...
and I'll get other big titted whores to do you too, Oh!!" Kate had a small
orgasm from the fuck, but also from the dirty talk.  In the last days talking
dirty had became a big turn on to the brunette.

	Kate felt great. Her boss was fucking her pussy as fast as he could, but
even though being fucked was great, she knew that she had to drink his cum to
have the special orgasm. They changed positions with her on top of him, bobbing
madly in his penis, her breasts bouncing wildly as she moved, all the while
saying, "Oh Mr. Stone! I want so much to drink your cum... cum in my mouth...
tell me when you're about to cum..."

	He watched her tits bounce with each thrust, becoming increasingly
aroused. Suddenly he begun to spasm: "I'm cumming! I'm about to..."

	Kate quickly got off him and moved her head to his member, but he
started to ejaculate instantly, hitting her tits and face. The beautiful woman
sucked his cock, receiving the rest of his cum inside her mouth and proceeded to
lick her own tits, then clean her face with her fingers, licking all the jism
out of them, her face a mask of pure pleasure.

	She quickly washed herself on the store's bathroom and got back home,
while Rudolf Stone went to his house and wife in utter happiness, knowing that
this was something he could repeat as often as possible.


Mom's weird idea

	It was Sunday.

	Linda was very curious. She wanted to know what her mother had to show
her on Sunday. Also she was very worried about Saturday. She had to get more of
Dennis's secret stuff, but she didn't even know what it was! Worst of all was
the constant thirst she had been feeling since yesterday. The young girl thought
she was sick since even drinking large amounts of water didn't help.

	About nine o'clock a strange man dressed in a formal suit entered her
home. He and her mother seemed to know each other well. Weird, she thought. He's
a friend of mom and I don't know him. The man introduced himself as Max and said
he could help her with the great problem she was enduring.

	Linda was not expecting a guest, so she was dressed in a plain yellow
t-shirt and an old pair of shorts. Since she had just woken up she was still
without her bra, which made her uncomfortable in front of this man.  She thought
her big and firm teenage breasts looked like they would rip her t-shirt. But her
mother hadn't permitted her to leave the room to put her bra.

	"Problem, what problem mom?" asked Linda with her angelic face showing
her concern. "It's some kind of psychological therapy?"

	"No, my dear. Remember that jerk that had been your boyfriend? He broke
up with you because you wanted to stay a virgin." Kate said in her patronizing
voice, starting her usual way of dominating her daughter.

	Visibly blushing Linda looked at the strange man sitting so near to her.
"Yes, but... what does he have to do with..."

	"Pay attention, Linda." Kate spoke with her forceful voice. "Max has
given me the solution to your problem., Remember what your former boyfriend
said? That you would never keep a boyfriend for long, since you wouldn't do any
kind of sex?"

	"Y-yes" said Linda, not understanding.

	"Well, my dear," The older brunette said, towering over her daughter,
"there's one kind of sex you can do and still be a virgin... oral sex. It can be
so much fun, I..."

	"MOM!! You can't be serious..." yelled Linda wide eyed.

	"LINDA! I'm your mother... I thought a lot about it and..."

	"You want me to put a man's penis inside my mouth? What is happening to
y..."

	"Lower that tone when you speak to me!" Kate saw that her child was
stunned, standing open mouthed and looking at her "I don't want you to be a
unhappy teenager.  Sexual experiences are very important at your age. I just
don't want you to get pregnant, risking your future."

	Linda couldn't believe what she was hearing "but mom, s-sucking co-cock
is dirty and nasty... you told me it was..." The young girl was afraid of her
mother, and her submissive nature urged not to argue with Kate, but what she was
hearing was crazy!

	"I was wrong! It's the only way to please your boyfriends and still obey
your mother. Don't you always say you'll obey me in everything?" Kate stared at
her daughter with obvious disapproval.

	"B-but mom, I..." Linda was softly crying, ashamed of what her mother
was proposing, and sad to be having a fight with the person she loved most in
the world.

	"LINDA STEVENS! I'm telling you that I see no problem with you
performing oral sex." Kate saw her daughter was completely confused. She wanted
to obey, but it was too unnatural. "I'm your mother and I decide what is best
for you Right now I want you to try it.  My friend Max will help me teach you."

	"T-teach me... to s-suck his p-penis?!" Linda was stuttering in
disbelief. Despite her confusion, she still noticed the man's eyes staring at
her big boobs with desire.

	"I don't want you to be a sexually repressed teenager, my child." Kate
could sense that her daughter was unable to think straight.  The young girl was
stunned, barely reacting anymore.

	"N-no." Said the teenager, this time with little conviction. Her mother
seemed very sad at her reactions, and failing her mother was the one thing Linda
feared the most.

	"I work hard to raise you with dignity. I love you with all my heart. I
am even trying to find solutions to your teenage problems, and all I get is this
show of disrespect." Kate made her best hurt face. She closed the distance to
her daughter and started to intimidate her, making Linda take some steps back,
until she was in front of Max, who was still sitting, with a smirk on his face.

	Linda was defeated by the seeming insanity, and tears were still falling
from her big blue eyes. Her body was numb, it was such an unreal situation, and
her mother kept yelling at her. Even knowing it was wrong, she started to feel
guilt over her mother's sadness. Obeying her mother's orders was a second nature
to the girl, and even in this obviously unnatural request Linda wanted to do as
she was told. Kate's sorrow filled face and the sadness in her voice deeply hurt
the young brunette, who was fighting inside to accept and understand her
mother's instructions.

	The young girl hardly managed to speak weakly "you're asking me to suck
his cock mother! How can you think it's all right?! It's disgusting..."

	Kate forced Linda to get on her knees, her daughter not fighting
anymore, then knelt herself. Both busty brunettes were between Max's legs. Linda
was confused and defeated, looking fearfully at the obvious bulge in his
crotch., Kate started to unzip Max's trousers as she said, "You think it's
disgusting because you never tried it. In fact every woman who ever tried to
suck cock ended up loving it!" she quoted Max with pride.

	Taking his member in her right hand, Kate started to jerk him off while
speaking to her shocked young daughter. "Since you don't believe your mother
anymore, I'll show you it's not that bad." The chesty mother started to lick his
cockhead while saying "humm... you'll love it my darling, it tastes sooo good."
Then she put it inside her mouth getting a moan from Max.  She quickly took it
out of her mouth with a "pop" sound. "See? Every man loves it. You'll be very
popular with the boys." Kate started to suck him, bobbing her head up and down
on his stiff member, her right hand still in his shaft while her left hand went
to the back of her shocked daughter's head.

	Linda couldn't believe it was real.  She was kneeling in front of a
strange man, with her mother by her side, sucking his cock. The girl was feeling
weak, without energy to fight this situation. Her mother's hand went to the back
of her head as she took the cock out of her mouth, saying, "Now it's your time.
Put it in your mouth. Come on, take it in your mouth!" while she forced Linda's
head down to Max's prick until the tip of his member touched her closed lips.

	That is my mother. S-she wants me to open my mouth! Linda was lost in
her chaotic thinking, while Kate jerked off the dick, it's head softly ramming
against her lips. Her mother continued to urge her to open her mouth but she was
just too confused to actually do anything.

	"Open it... come on, open your mouth Linda. I'm telling you to take this
cock." Kate said continuously until, deciding to try another approach, she faked
loosing her temper and yelled at her daughter. "OBEY ME LINDA! I'M YOUR MOTHER!
OPEN YOUR MOUTH!"

	Surprised by the violence of her mother's words Linda yielded,
submissively opening her lips. Kate immediately fed her the cock, its head
entering her child's mouth while she continued to jerk it off. Max took hold of
Linda's head and started to moan while the girl tried to take his prick out of
it.

	The schoolgirl was so humiliated that her face was shining red. Her eyes
were closed as she listened her mother softly talking in her ear. "That's my
girl, I'm very proud of you. Now bob your head up and down on it." Max's and
Kate's hands guided her head as she gave up fighting them, just obeying her
mothers commands, completely defeated.

	Kate kept speaking to her daughter. "That's it, my little cocksucker.
You'll learn to love it. Giving head to a man is so nasty! I love it! Just
yesterday I sucked Mr. Stone, back at the store. He tasted soo good, especially
when he spurted all his sperm in my mouth... his jism tasted great as I
swallowed it." Hearing this last statement, Linda lost control, trying to speak
with Max's cock in her mouth. He took the opportunity to shove it deeper, into
her throat, making her gag.

	Then everything changed. Linda felt the taste of his pre-cum on her
tongue and it sent her mad with lust. Her pussy started to get wet and she
trembled with shivers of pure horniness. The taste was delicious to the
schoolgirl, and she realized she needed more of it. She started to suck as her
mother instructed her, but with delight, even deep throating the stiff member as
it seemed to excite him, producing more of the fantastic liquid.

	Max could sense the change and it was too much for him. He let his cock
return from her throat and into her mouth, spurting a big jet of cum into her.

	As he started to come on the teenager's mouth, and she felt the
incredible sensation that Denis' liquid gave her, she was lost in pure pleasure
as she tasted his cum. The orgasms were much stronger than those she had with
Denis! Max's liquid was a little different from the schoolboy's stuff, but it
was the same substance, Only more potent.

	Then, she realized, Denis had fed her his cum! The realization shocked
her again. She was willing to do anything for the taste of Cum?!

	The young girl, unused to swallowing sprays of jism, gagged briefly on
the cum until she could swallow it down. He spurted twice more, then removed his
dick from her mouth, small drops of his sperm and her saliva dotting her face as
he shook it, then suddenly splashed once more, this time on her cute nose and
chin.

	Still in the effect of the orgasmic sensation, Linda started to raise
her hands to clean her face when she heard Max saying "leave it like that for
now." She looked at him surprised, "and I'll give you another load later."

	She couldn't believe it. He was going to give her the wonderful liquid
again! I-it was sperm, she knew it now, but she wanted it, no, she needed it so
bad that she was willing to obey this stranger in everything. She tried to
resist, but it was just stronger than her. She lowered her hands, staying on her
knees very embarrassed, her face a constant red now that the orgasms were gone.

	"You, little girl, are now addicted to human male sperm. It will give
you great pleasure to taste and swallow it. But if you go too long without it
you will go into withdrawal, and it can be very painfu" Max smiled cruelly. "Now
that you understand your situation, let's go on. If you still want to suck my
cock again and drink my semen take off your shirt, and don't let it touch the
cum on your face."

	Linda fought against the mad thirst for sperm she was feeling, but the
simple sight of Max's half flaccid cock reminded her of the wonders she would
feel. Finally she took off her t-shirt carefully, not letting it brush against
her cum splashed face. Her big teenage boobs stood firm in the air for the
strange man's appreciation.

	"Before I'm finished with you, you'll have an almost constant craving
for semen and there will be no limits to how deeply you'll be willing to degrade
and debase yourself to get it. Do you understand?"

	Burning with humiliation, the topless teenager nodded. Her embarrassment
swelled as the movement dislodged a large rope of cum from her chin and it
stretched down to her ample right breast, flowing to her big nipple.

	"Now you can lick yourself clean" he said, and immediately her tongue
darted to collect every last drop of it, meeting her mother's, who was also
hunting the precious fluid. Kate licked all the cum from her child's breast and
nipple, sucking it clean. Orgasms rocked the schoolgirl again, and her mother's
tongue on her breasts was exciting her, even against her will.

	"Now, Linda, do you want my cum?" asked Max.

	"Y-yes" the girl stuttered in shame.

	"Look me in the eyes, little slut!" he said roughly. She was taken aback
by his words, slowly raising her beautiful blue eyes to him. "What size are your
tits?"

	"34... C-c-cup."

	"That's big... how old are you?"

	"I'm fi-fifteen."

	"So... you are a fifteen year old cocksucking and cumswallowing big
titted slut, right?"

	Shocked by his words she could barely say "y-yes."

	"Yes what?" He demanded.

	"I'm a fifteen years old cocksucking and cumswallowing bigtitted slut,"
she said, blushing even more.

	"Now you can suck my cock," he said, presenting his hardening member to
the young teenager.

	Full of doubt, the busty teenager started to lick his cockhead, but
tasting the rest of dry cum on his prick made her mad with desire, and she
experienced some minor orgasms. She started to suck it as best as she could. His
hard member tasted delicious to Linda as she got high on sperm addiction lust.
The young girl heard him saying, "Kneel by her back, Kate" and felt her mother's
body brush against hers, her big breasts pressed against Linda's back. She was
so horny that this incestuous act didn't affect her craving for semen.

	"Now play with her tits and pussy." Linda felt desperation, even in her
present state, as she started to feel one of her mother's hands fondling her
breasts and the other masturbating her pussy. Yet all that mattered was his cock
and the sperm it would soon splash in her mouth, so she never stopped bobbing
her head on his member.

	Max couldn't help but admire the two beauties in front of him. They
looked quite alike. Linda's face was very similar to her mother's, just younger,
childish, angelic in her shame. He decided to go a step further "Kate, put Linda
on all fours in the middle of the sofa"

	Linda didn't resist as her mother moved her to the sofa. She stayed on
her hands and knees, waiting for Max to feed her his cock again. But instead, he
got behind her, his shaft hard against her dripping pussy. The teenager spoke,
shocked and fearful, "You said I would stay a virgin! Pleaseee, not my pussy!"
Reddening visibly she completed, "Let me suck you! Cum in my mouth!"

	"I've changed my mind, little bitch! You'll ask me to fuck you or I'll
just cum in your mothers mouth and you won't see a drop of my jism," he
threatened her coldly.

	Linda tried to resist, but she needed his sperm. The addiction was too
strong. She ended up saying weakly, "F-fuck me, Mr. Max."

	"That's not enough... beg me you dirty cunt! Beg with all your heart."

	Linda exploded in tears, totally humiliated, talking as dirty as she
could while crying, "Fuck me, Mr. Max! Put this big cock of yours in my virgin
pussy... ugghhh!" She felt his cock rip through her, breaking her hymen. She was
no longer a virgin but, as sensitive as her body was, the feeling was not
unpleasant. When the pain ended she begun to get used to his dick fucking her,
feeling a little pleasure. But all she desired was to taste his semen again.

	Max pounded his hard member in and out of her with difficulty. Her
teenage virgin cunt was too tight, but he was loving it. He told the big titted
schoolgirl how he wanted her to move her body. Linda's breasts bounced below her
as she tried to move in tune with him as he ordered. He commanded her to speak
dirty again and Linda started anew, "Fuck my tight schoolgirl pussy... I love to
feel your cock inside me... inside my fifteen year old cunt!" She was blushing
from the words coming out of her mouth, but the busty teenager couldn't stop.
"Oh, mister... fuck me, fuck my teenage pussy... fuck your big titted teenage
slut... I feel like a whore taking it dog style, taking your cock in my virgin
pussy!"

	"Kate," Max called to the schoolgirl's mother, "Sit on the edge of the
sofa, close to your daughter's face." When the older woman was positioned he
grabbed Linda's hair and spoke into her ear, "Suck your mother's cunt." Seeing
Linda unsure of what to do he continued, "I'm almost cumming again. Do you want
it in your mouth or not? " Then he let go of her hair and grabbed her hips,
fucking her faster.

	Stupefied by this new humiliation, Linda stopped for a second. Then her
tongue came out, timidly licking her mother's pussy. Kate, high on drug-induced
pleasure, grabbed her daughter's head and forced it closer to her cunt, having
an immediate orgasm. The schoolgirl had no choice but lick her mother's slit for
long minutes, while a big adult cock slid with difficulty back and forth inside
her too tight pussy, mixing the naughty pleasure with a little pain.

	Max suddenly took his cock out of Linda's pussy, grabbed her hair and
pulled her head to his member. She started to suck him, anxious to get his load
of jizz. It was strange to taste her own juices in his dick but the precum made
her completely mad with lust, until finally he ejaculated. This time the young
brunette was ready for him, taking all his cum in her mouth and swallowing it
with delight, his sperm giving her the feelings she eagerly craved.

	Linda, still tired from her earlier orgasms, almost passed out from the
powerful sensations she was experiencing. The young girl was numb in body and
mind. She almost couldn't hear Max talk to her mother as he was preparing to
leave. He was fondling Kate's breasts while giving some instructions about
helping her daughter and asking questions about her mother's friends. Linda
heard her mother speak about Aky, her co-worker, and Mrs Larguem, one of Kate's
friends from the church, and then he walked toward Linda, sitting by her side.

	"You did well today, Linda, but I must warn you about tomorrow. You'll
feel compelled to taste semen again. It'll give you super orgasms, of course,
but never as strong as with me. I have a "special taste." In the beginning you
may be able to control yourself. You have a strong will, but ultimately the need
will grow until you cannot resist it anymore." He started to look for something
in his pants' pocket while speaking.

	"Just after you drink sperm you'll be more able to control yourself, so
keep a good supply if you want to live normally. But as you drink more and more
your addiction will also grow. You may end up having to drink it every hour, but
it will take a long time to reach that point." Finding a bottle full of pills he
took two and handed them to Linda.

	"Each of these pills will give you something about three to four hours
freedom from the addiction. The orgasmic effect of cum will stay, but not the
maddening need. They work very fast. Less than a minute after one is consumed,
you'll be relieved from your addiction's effects. Use them carefully. This week
you'll get only two of them."

	Max walked to the door and started to leave saying, "if you feel you
need to talk to me, ask your mother to pay me a visit with you. Otherwise we'll
meet next Sunday."

	He was in very good spirits as he left, not noticing that Kate, now that
she wasn't in his presence, started to make an angry face, feeling a terrible
hatred.


Linda tries very hard to resist

	Linda walked down the school hall almost trembling. The thirst was very
strong, and she knew what would satisfy it. Worse was the fact that she couldn't
help but stare at every boy's crotch, imagining his penis, thinking how would
his sperm taste. And it made her so horny that her panties were already soaked.
In a few more hours she would be dripping!

	"Hi Linda!" Linda was startled by Nicole's voice from behind her..

	"Earth to Linda. Do you hear me?" Debbie said as she approached. "What
were you thinking about? You seemed far away."

	How could the busty girl tell her friends she was dreaming of sucking
the boy just to her left and swallowing his cum? "N-nothing" she said, "It's
just that I had some problems yesterday and..."

	"It was your mom, right?" asked Debbie. "And about Brad, I'm sure."

	"Yeah! He's a jerk. Your mother was right. He only wanted to feel your
breasts," Nicole said. "We could see how he looked at them."

	"He was my boyfriend. Maybe he had the right to feel a little hot about
me." Linda defended him.

	"Oh, pleeeaaseee. He was your boyfriend, but he didn't love you. He had
only desire, lust." Nicole was a prude, and could not help but condemn lust. "My
mother taught me sex is only for having children... and only after a proper
marriage, of course."

	"Yes, or else you may end up like Marcy!" Debbie was talking about the
high school slut. "They say she even..." the girl then whispered in
embarrassment, "...takes a boy's penis in her mouth." Nicole was disgusted and
made a sick face, "And in her butt too!"

	Linda started to feel hot and horny just thinking about it. "Let's
change the subject, okay?" She said, holding back a moan of pure lust.

	"By the way the pool was delicious, as ever. Will you come this Sunday?"
Nicole asked her smiling.

	"Yeah! Nicky's father bought us a big pizza. He's so nice," Debbie said.

	She's so naive. Debbie never noticed his eyes staring at her perfect
ass, thought Linda. "Maybe. My mother wanted me to... do some stuff with her
this Sunday," she said, blushing a little at the thought of what she would be
doing

	"Mother-daughter thing, right?" Nicole asked. "My mom is never around to
do this stuff, she's always in church meetings."

	"She wants to spend more time with you? That's nice," said Debbie. "But
try to be there on Sunday. Just tell her you'll go home earlier."

	"I'll talk to her, maybe she will let me go," Lied Linda. She noticed
Denis staring at her from a distance.

	Oh god, she thought, if he wants me to suck him, I will! I need it so
bad... but... no, not him, he's such a bastard. The need for sperm swelled as a
source of it was so near. Linda quickly took the addiction suppressing pill and
swallowed it. "I'll meet you in class, I really have to go to the bathroom," she
said, walking away from her friends.

	Denis approached her with a predatory smile. "Hi Linda, thought about
me? I..." he started to say.

	"Shut up you little piece of shit!" she interrupted his speech roughly.
"All I could think is what a ugly twerp you are, and if you try to talk to me,
or even get near me again, I'll scream that you're trying to rape me!" she said,
releasing the full anger in her heart against him. Linda turned her back on a
trembling Denis and walked to her first class, happy to be free of her urges,
even if only for a little while.

	She spent the school hours with her friends, content just to have a
normal day, paying attention to her classes. But four hours later her thirst
started to come back. It was during her math class and Mr. Boggart, her teacher,
was standing in front of her patiently explaining a complicated equation.

	He was around forty years old, a little on the fat side, and always had
an unfeeling and cruel look on his well shaved face. He was one of the most
feared teachers in the school, and even though he was an excellent professional
he had no qualms about distributing low grades to his students.

	But Linda was only interested in his crotch. She could see the bulge
inside his pants. He's not hard, so his cock must be really big, thought the
teenager, salivating just thinking about it, dreaming about her teacher's sperm,
longing to get it into her mouth.

	Controlling her lust, she tried to pay attention to his class. She was a
good student, one of the best in the class, and she thought she had done fine on
his test last week, but today class she was so horny that she couldn't
concentrate.

	All she could do was to imagine her teacher nude, his penis hard and
swollen, ready to spurt all his yummy sperm. Yummy sperm! She was already
thinking of cum as delicious! Lind tried very hard to stop thinking about cum
drinking but she was unable, spending nearly the entire class building horny
fantasies. The young teen was so turned on she was ready to do things she never
even thought about before, she wanted to know if he would let her suck his cock,
was she pretty enough to attract this older man? To get his semen in her mouth?
She decided to tease her teacher a little, just to see his reaction.

	Waiting for the right time, and discreetly adjusting her plaid skirt,
Linda uncrossed her knees with deliberate slowness when he was just in front of
her, showing her long legs and a peek of her white panties. The teacher tried to
pretend nothing had happened but Linda saw the brief look of lust in his eye,
and felt the moisture between her legs.

	It had been so hot! The busty schoolgirl wanted to play a little more
with Mr. Boggart, but was careful not to make it obvious to anyone else. Linda
wanted to see him with a hard on, hot about her, even though she wasn't sure she
could control herself in such a case. She decided to give him a boob show; it
was crazy, but she had to do it. Linda was able to hold off until the end of the
class, trying hard but unsuccessfully to give up the idea.

	Finally the bell rang and everyone else left, eager to go home. As she
saw her friends leaving class she walked to Mr. Boggart, discreetly undoing the
top three buttons of her uniform and adjusting her bra so that half the right
nipple would be visible. It had to be quick or her friends would be suspicious,
or at least curious.

	He was sitting in his chair, looking at some papers when she spoke to
him, drawing his attention. "Mr. Boggart, I was wondering if you had looked at
my test." Linda leaned forward to show him her deep cleavage and said, "Did I do
well?"

	The teacher raised his eyes and was caught by surprise by her big mounds
almost in his face. He couldn't speak for a second and Linda could just see lust
mixed with worry in his face. She pressed her arms to the sides of her breasts,
crushing her big boobs together, making the mounds bulge obscenely over the top
of her half opened school uniform.

	 "Y-yes" the teacher said, trying to act normally. "You did well, as
always." He couldn't help but stare at her large breasts. She moved a little
closer, so the valley of her ample tits was inches from his face, the hard
nipple popping out of the strategically adjusted bra.

	"Oh, thanks Mr. Boggart. You are very kind, sir. You know I love your
class." Linda then moved again, straightening her body and lifting her arms to
tie her raven-black hair back into a ponytail, almost brushing her breasts
against his nose as she did it.

	Standing there, with her hands behind her neck and her elbows pulled
back, with her big tits sticking out, she faked some trouble with the ponytail
knot and moved her shoulders, making her boobs jiggle in front of the open
mouthed and, now, hot teacher. The movement made the bra ride up her chest a
little, baring the already half exposed big and hard nipple. The schoolgirl
looked the teacher in the eye with her face full of lust, then watched him lift
a hand to her breast, fondling it briefly.

	Full of shame, the teacher quickly stood up and excused himself out of
the classroom, with a red face and an obvious erection that almost sent Linda
over the edge. She quickly buttoned herself up and left the room, so hot and
horny that she considered taking a boy, any boy, and sucking him off -- maybe
more than one.

	In the hallway full of people, she brushed her tits and ass "casually"
against lots of guys, even making her hand touch some boys' crotches in the more
crowded areas. Feeling she wouldn't be able to resist much longer, the
schoolgirl took the second pill. Linda found her friends and talked with them
for sometime as they went home, always thinking of what she would be doing now
if she hadn't swallowed the pill, her second and last one. And this was just the
first day.

	The relieving effect passed some hours later, when she was home, and her
craving for cum began anew. She forced herself to stay home, not wanting to be
exposed to the temptation of mens' penises. When her mother arrived from work
Linda told her what the day had been like and said she wouldn't go to school the
next day, that she needed more of that pills. She begged her mother to get more
of them.

	Kate listened to her daughter with concern, but didn't comment. She just
said she would help her tomorrow. The young girl thought her mother was going to
the company's building to get her more of the blessed pills and calmed a little.


Mommy helps Linda with her problem

	The next day, Linda woke up and took a cold bath, which didn't help her
constantly aroused state. She tried to eat well, but the food seemed lifeless
compared to the wonderful taste and aroma of fresh sperm. She thought about
cocks and cum spurting all day, masturbating lots of times, but the need only
grew inside her.

	When night came she was desperately hoping her mother would return with
more pills for her. Her heart almost stopped when she heard the door opening and
her mother calling, "Linda my dear, I have a surprise for you!"

	Linda ran to the living room, dressed only in a large tank top and her
already soaked panties. The young brunette was shocked to see her mother sitting
next to Mr. Stone, her mother's boss, with her hand between his legs, massaging
his cock through his pants. He seemed uncomfortable, and more than a little
surprised at her presence here, looking completely lost to Linda.  But she could
also tell he was turned on by the bouncing of her breasts as she entered the
room.

	Linda stood in front of them, incapable of speaking, her mouth
salivating wildly at the sight of this man, her first of the day. Her legs began
to tremble. She knew her resistance was over. She would soon be drinking his
sperm. Her breathing quickened and she repeatedly wet her lips with her tongue.

	"But, your daughter is here! I-I thought we would... I mean, that we
were..." Mr. Stone started to object.

	"But Rudolf, I told you I would bring you other big titted whores to
fuck. My daughter is just the first of them. I thought you would like her," Kate
said seductively, noticing how her daughter was resisting her addiction, and
seemed hurt by her mother's betrayal.

	"WHAT? This is madness, I... KATE! She's just a child!" He said it, but
could not take his eyes from Linda. She was beautiful, her pretty face with her
shining blue eyes. She still looked like a child. She must be around fifteen, he
thought. She was slim, but with long legs and those big firm teenage breasts.

	"No, she's a teenage cocksucker" said Kate, taking his dick out of his
pants. "See how she can't take her eyes from your dick?" Linda was staring at
the prick, trying hard not to give in to her addiction, but then her mother
pointed the cock in her direction, as if offering it, and said, "She's dying to
suck you off. Linda, if you want to give head to Mr. Stone, take off your top."

	This was only the second penis Linda had seen in her life, and it was
bigger than Max's. The thought of this hard member spurting cum in her mouth was
maddening. Linda tried to resist but in seconds her top was coming off her body,
guided by trembling hands. The schoolgirl could see the lust in the old man's
eyes as he stared at her full breasts, nude for him to enjoy.

	"See?" Kate started again. "She is such a slut! This girl loves to suck
cock, and guess what? She swallows... like me, I think that the love for the
taste of cum runs in the family."

	Linda was completely humiliated, red with shame and embarrassment, but
her eyes were still glued to the cock in front of her, she tried to hide her
teenage bosom with her hands, when she noticed the hungry stares of her mother's
boss.

	"Now come closer my baby. Put your hands on the sides of your boobs."
The young brunette did as she was told, mad with desire to taste his cum. "Now
press your tits." She did it, making them bulge to an immense size. "Now lower
your hooters to Mr. Stone. Let him enjoy your big tits."

	Linda was dying of embarrassment, but her need was too big, she was
trembling when she lowered her teen boobs to his face.

	Stone felt the teenager press her big firm breasts to his face. He
licked and sucked them, even though he knew it was wrong. All the while Kate was
gently jerking him off.

	"Now get on your knees and put that hot prick between your little girl's
boobs, my child." Kate was satisfied to see her daughter wasn't undecided
anymore. She was consumed by lust. "Move it up and down... yes, like that. Tit
fuck him. Lick the tip of his cock when it passes through your tits... just like
that." The older brunette French-kissed the man while her daughter tit fucked
him. Breaking her long kiss she asked, "Do you want to suck his cock, darling?"

	"Yes mom!"

	"Why? What do you want from it?"

	Blushing, Linda answered "H-his c-cum... I want his cum."

	"So you'll do what?" Kate asked while looking directly at the
disbelieving eyes of her boss, who stood open mouthed at the sight of the
teenage slut tit fucking him and asking to drink his sperm.

	"S-so I'll swallow it." The schoolgirl was still feeling a little shame,
but the addiction was taking complete hold of her.

	"What an egotistic girl I have here! If you want him to come in your
mouth you have to give him pleasure," Kate said while listening to the slapping
sounds of Stone's member jacking between Linda's ample breasts. "Come on, sit on
his cock."

	Kate lifted Linda, taking her boss' prick out of her tits. Her daughter
was beyond caring. She got on top of the man, but was too inexperienced to
capture his penis in her too tight cunt.  The schoolgirl cried in frustration. 
She was sure her hips were too small to accommodate his big member.

	The busty mother wrapped her hand around Stone's hard dick and brought
the tip to the entrance of her daughter's cunt, opening it with the other hand
and saying, "Push it inside yourself my child. I want you to fuck him. You are
the one who will get all this big fat dick inside your cunt."

	Quaking and moaning in an effort to obey her mother, Linda worked to
fuck Mr. Stone's prick. First she accepted the big cockhead inside her teeny
cunt, feeling it split her slit, then, inch by slow inch, it disappeared between
her legs, his pole impossibly long in the schoolgirl's mind.

	Linda braced her hands on the back of the couch and threw her body back,
impaling herself on Stone's cock. When she couldn't take any more she began to
pull forward off him, only to push back hard capturing and engulfing him again.
The young girl was so aroused she started to feel orgasms sweep through her
almost immediately, not the powerful super orgasms caused by the taste of sperm
in her mouth, but strong normal ones. Her tits were bouncing in front of Stone's
mouth, who fondled and sucked them as she worked his shaft back and forth inside
her little cunt. He was lost in pure pleasure as he felt the tight pussy around
his cock.

	Her mother instructed her how to move, how to fuck the older man, and
also talked dirty to him. "Fuck my daughter! Isn't she tight? Oh, she loves to
bounce on your big and hard dick... to fuck you with her fifteen year old
schoolgirl pussy! Next time she'll be in her school uniform. Do you want that?
Do you want to fuck this big titted schoolgirl?"

	Linda was moving fast on his dick, hearing her mother talking. "She is a
cocksucking slut! My little child loves to drink cum.. She's just fifteen, and
she cannot live without swallowing jism!" Then she turned to Linda and
continued, "Come on my child. Ask him to cum in your mouth."

	Linda asked with all her heart: "Please, Mr. Stone, cum in my mouth!"
The thought of his sperm made her so sex crazy she started to impale herself
further, until she was feeling his balls at the entrance of her pussy. She was
now rising to the tip of his cockhead and going all the way down to his balls.

	"Beg him!" urged Kate.

	"Oh Mr. Stone, please, I beg you, come in my teenage slutty mouth. Let
me swallow your delicious sperm. I need it sooo much!" She said, looking him in
the eye with her big and beautiful blue eyes, her childish face contorted by
pleasure and lust.

	"I-I'm cumming! I can't hold anymore! I..." he started to speak and
Linda's head flew to his cock, receiving his ejaculation after some seconds. The
situation must have been very exciting to him, because he spurted a prodigious
volume of sperm, filling the teenager's mouth. She almost gagged on his cum as
she greedily swallowed it all, rocked by drug-induced orgasms. She cleaned his
cock with her tongue until no trace of sperm could be found.

	As she returned to normal, Linda begun to blush and feel very dirty,
humiliated at her nasty performance. She quickly ran back to her room and wept
in shame and fear, Yet she was already beginning to long for more cum.

	She could hear her mother starting to suck and fuck her boss again, but
she resisted and didn't return to the living room. After what seemed to be an
eternity, the groans and moans stopped. Soon she heard the front door closing.
Some moments later her mother was walking into her room.

	Linda was afraid of what she would do, but Kate was silent as she
approached her daughter, sitting by her side. Her mother opened her mouth, a
couple of inches from the schoolgirl's face, showing her it was full of sperm.
The younger brunette immediately recognized the smell and knew she was defeated
again by her addiction. Trembling in humiliation and desire she kissed her own
mother on the mouth, receiving all the potent jism. Her taste buds seemed to
explode with pleasure at the flavor of his sperm, and she loved the super
orgasms it gave her.

	Then Kate started talking to her. "My darling, you must not fight the
urge. It will make you sick if you do. I was instructed to bring men for you to
fuck and suck whenever you weren't able to do it yourself, so I brought Mr.
Stone. Isn't his sperm yummy?"

	Linda wasn't able to speak. His sperm still tasted yummy in her mouth,
and even now she wanted more of it. Then she remembered something. "I want to go
there mother!"

	"Where?" Kate asked confused.

	"Max... he said I could go talk to him, and you know where to find him!"
Linda spoke with conviction. "I need more pills. Maybe he will give me some
more."

	Defeated, Kate agreed, and made an appointment with the Millennium
Chemistry for the next day. Too tired from the powerful sensations and the
sexual efforts she had just experienced,, Linda entered her room, mournful, but
with new hope, and soon was sleeping soundly on her bed.

	*****

	The busty teen woke up several hours later to the sound of conversation
and laughs from the living room. Curious and scared she got up slowly and went
to the door.  She saw her two friends, Nicole and Debbie, sitting by the couch
and talking to her mother. They were drinking some orange juice and eating
cookies. Linda's face lost all color. She was afraid the juice and cookies had
more than a few special ingredients. By the way her friends were acting she was
certain her mom had drugged them.

	The bashful girls were openly talking about the cute boys of their
school and, guided by Kate, about cute older men, famous actors and singers,
with unmistakable overtones ofhorniness in their voices.

	Her mother was serving them Millenium Products drugs!

	They were very happy to see Linda and told her Kate had warned them
Linda was feeling a litttle sick, so they decided to pay a visit to her. The
young and humiliated brunette was very quiet, and her friends thought she was
acting weirdly, which was probably caused by her illness. But in fact Linda was
utterly sad. She was afraid for her friends' future, knowing they had started on
a path that led to humiliation and submission in Millenium Products' hands.

	She saw with concern how eager her two friends were for the cookies and
her heart sunk when they accepted a large number from her mom, knowing the
cookies were drugged with the strange products of the evil company.


Family reunion

	Mr Stone's sperm on her body caused Linda to sleep in a very aroused
state, constantly having to masturbate while fantasying about cocks spurting
cum. After a night of erotic dreams, Linda was ready to visit the Millennium
Chemistry building. She was already feeling the thirst, and was constantly wet.
She knew Max would require some more sex from her, and the idea wasn't so
disgusting right now. If she had to swallow a little more semen to get the
pills, it would be a fair price. Just imagining drinking his cum was making her
feel shivers of lust, but Linda worked hard to control herself.

	Kate convinced her to go in her school uniform, so she could still get
to some of her classes if everything went quickly at the company. She wouldn't
permit her daughter to don a bra, however.. It would have to stay in the car and
she change into it when going to school.

	Linda was a little ashamed of the transparency of the thin blouse, but
got used to it. Her mother was wearing a very revealing outfit, a short dress
that occasionally rode up her round butt and was just as short on top, showing
so much of her ample cleavage that her nipples appeared as she moved.

	The drive passed in awkward silence. Linda was still resentful of her
mother's betrayal, bringing her boss home for Linda to give him a blowjob had
been a great shock to the young teen. She was also scared of her willingness to
humiliate herself for the taste of cum. Linda got embarassed just to remember
how happely she had performed the oral Sex, something she previously considered
dirty and humiliating.

	Worst of all was looking at her mother and seeing how she was uncaring
of her suffering, the way she was behaving now was just too weird for Linda.
Kate was always distant and only showed some excitment when a man looked in lust
at her huge knockers, her formely prudish mom was now addicted to tease men and
drink cum, wich was completely unatural!

	Linda was afraid when they finally arrived at the Millenium Products
Building, she knew she was going to suck cock again, and instead of being
disgusted she was looking foward for it...eagerly! The two brunettes were only
allowed inside the restricted part of the building after a long wait.

	Rachel greeted them as they left the exclusive elevator. "Hi Kate," She
said as she appraised Linda. "So this is your daughter? Max told me he had a lot
of fun with her."

	"Yes. We're here to talk to him." The older brunette hadn't expected the
redhead. Linda stood silent, not wanting to draw attention.

	"Unhappily, he's not in the country. You know... business..." Rachel
said as she conducted them through the corridors. "But Donna may help you with
whatever you need."

	Linda's hopes went up a little.  If she could talk to another woman, the
schoolgirl thought she wouldn't be tempted with sperm, and so she would have a
better chance of not degrading herself further.

	The redhead opened a door and told them to get inside, entering just
behind them. Linda's hope were crushed immediately.  Sitting in a comfortable
chair was a beautiful woman, who looked a lot like her mother, with a wine glass
in her hands.  In front of her was a large couch, a small table.  Six nude men
stood on either side of her, jacking off, almost cumming from the look of their
faces. A big TV screen was in the end of the room, turned off.

	"Come on girls, have a sit." The woman invited. "You don't know me
Linda. I'm Donna... your aunty."

	Linda found it difficult to concentrate on anything but the men's cocks,
avidly waiting their ejaculations, but looked in disbelief to Kate, who nodded,
confirming the story. "What do you want from me darling?"

	"I-I want some more..." the schoolgirl couldn't help but notice the men
starting to cum, working hard to spurt inside the wine glass, "...more of the
pills, I mean the pills that help me w-with" Linda was salivating at the sight
of all the semen in the glass. She felt drool pass through her lips as she
talked, but couldn't help herself. "...that help me with the addiction!" She
managed to finish the sentence, but her eyes were on the glass, already filled
with the six men's load. The young brunette had never seen so much sperm before.
She was fascinated, and her panties were dripping wet.

	"Well," Donna said as she was handed the glass, "It seems you don't want
to crave cum all the time, right?"

	"Y-yes." The busty youngster said subdued, trying hard not to beg her
for the cum filled glass.

	"But why? Isn't it yummy?" Donna said as she wet her finger in the sperm
and licked it off, driving Linda crazy with her addiction thirst. "Don't you
think so, Rachel?" she said handing the glass to the redhead, who took a good
sip from it, jism still showing on her lips as she returned it.

	"Yes, it's just sooo salty and tasty," Rachel teased Linda, cleaning her
lips with her tongue.

	"Your mother also loves it, isn't that so, sis?" She passed the glass to
Kate. "Take a sip and tell your daughter how good it tastes."

	Kate drank a little and said, "It's delicious, my child, creamy and
strong..." handing it back to Donna.

	"I-I want it! Please let me taste it!" Linda lost control and began to
beg and cry.

	Her aunty just smiled and drank it all in front of her longing, and now
desperate, eyes. "No Linda, you'll have to earn it, as you'll have to earn the
pills."

	"I'll do anything. Please! I'll..." the schoolgirl began.

	"I know you will, my niece. I know you will," said Donna, cutting her
off. "So you want sperm, right?"

	"Y-Yes," The young girl said, defeated by the smell of her addiction.

	"Rachel, prepare her for Dr. Malcon," she said. "He's expecting a
delivery, and she'll do perfectly."

	The redhead took the young girl and left the room, followed by the six
men.

	Linda could only imagine the dread things she would be forced to do for
her pills and sperm, the young teen was trembling slightly, from fear and need
for cum, when she was conducted by Rachel from the roon.

	Donna started to talk to her sister. "Well sis, it seems Max liked
taking of Linda's innocence so much that he wants to humiliate her further. I
told you it was about to happen, remember?"

	Kate's sister adjusted herself in her chair and seemed to be discreetly
looking at some clock in the table. "He wants her to turn her two friends into
sluts. He will fuck them later. Right now he just wanted Linda to feel guilt --
lots of it. You and your daughter will feed the two young ladies this compound,"
she said, handing Kate a flask full of a gray dust.

	"They will become cum addicted too?" Kate asked emotionlessly.

	"No, not addicted, just constantly horny.  They will also find that
their entire bodies are hyper sensitive, especially the vagina, the mouth and... 
the ass." Suddenly, Donna took a hidden hypodermic needle and injected Kate with
it, saying in a hurry, "You won't talk about this injection with anyone, not
even Max!" The order took hold of her sister as Donna returned to the same
position she was before the sudden movement. The younger sister continued to
talk as before. "The compound must be consumed orally, of course, but you can
mix the powder in any kind of food. It's heat resistant, just don't use
microwave. Find a way to feed it to the girls soon, and every day after that if
possible. Now just describe them both to me... as we watch your daughter's
performance." Donna pressed a hidden button in her chair and the big screen
started to show a torrid scene."

	*****

	Rachel conducted the schoolgirl through the maze of corridors, giving
her instructions. "Malcon, my dear, likes young sweet things. You're almost too
old for his tastes, so we'd better fix it. Let's try two pony tails, one on each
side of your head." Fixing Linda's hairdo, the redhead continued, "Now remember,
act like an innocent young girl -- that's what he likes. Talk like one. Pretend
to be surprised at what he does."

	Linda was a little depressed because a week ago she had been an innocent
girl, a virgin who never had even seen a man's penis. Now she was a sperm
addict, and was on her way to fuck a strange man just to swallow his cum. And
she was anxious to do so!

	She heard with attention Rachel's orders, nodding in embarassed
agreement, she was about to play the part of a naughty lolita, and Linda was
ready to do whatever was needed to get some cum on her mouth.

	*****

	Linda  entered Dr. Malcon's working room with the top two buttons of her
blouse undone and her plaid skirt rolled as high up her legs as possible without
been abnormal. Dr. Malcon was around fifty. He was big and hairy, but looked
clean and well dressed in a lab coat and a nicely trimmed grey beard. Malcon
looked at her with approval, staring at her innocent childish face and the
impressive breasts barely contained by her school uniform. His eyes traveled all
the way up and down her slim teenage body.

	"Hi Dr. Malcon," Rachel started. "This is Linda. She's new around here.
Max just broke her in this week, and guess what? She's Donna's niece."

	He seemed impressed, smiling at this words. "Donna's niece, hum? Yeah.
she kind of reminds me of her. But she's such a young thing, just like you when
we first met, Rachel -- the same teenage innocence. Very well, you can go
outside."

	"Ok doc, just no anal. Max wants her first time." Rachel added as she
left, closing the door.

	"Come here, girl" he called to Linda, seeing that she remained shyly
standing by the door, looking at the floor.

	Linda walked up to him, stopping by his side.

	"Now my darling, you have to do everything the doctor tells you to do,
understand?"

	"Yes mister," she said in a little girl voice.

	"Undo the buttons on your blouse," he ordered.

	"But mister! Mommy told me it's nasty to let boys see your chest" Linda
replied in feigned innocence.

	'I know, I know... But I'm a grown man and a doctor... You know you have
to obey me, right?" he said patronizingly.

	"I-if you say it's all right..." She undid all the buttons and pulled
her blouse all the way to her shoulders, leaving her beautiful mounds totally
exposed.

	"Stick them out."

	She pushed her chest forward.

	"Great. Now wobble 'em around a little bit."

	"Wh... what?"

	"Come on, wiggle your shoulders back and forth and make them dance a
little." She started to sway her shoulders, making her huge jutting breasts
jiggle tantalizingly. He watched the obscene show while massaging his cock
through his pants. "Give me your hand, Linda."

	Slowly she gave him her hand, and he immediately guided it to his
crotch, where she felt his hard member.

	"Have you ever seen a man's penis before?" He asked.

	The schoolgirl shook her head, lying as instructed by Rachel.

	Malcon pulled his stiff cock out of his pants and said "Little girls
like to suck on it, like a lollipop. Why don't you try it?"

	Linda replied "B-but mom never told me about it... are you sure?"

	"Yes, take it in your mouth, come on."

	She knelt in front of him, a position so familiar to her now. The busty
girl started to lick his cockhead as if unsure of what to do, looking him in the
eye with her best young girl face. Malcon grabbed her pony tails and forced her
mouth to his penis, which she took with glee.

	He started to move increasingly faster and deeper in the teenage mouth
until it reached her throat, Linda was beginning to get used to deep throating
and almost didn't gag. In fact she almost giggled in delight as he began to pump
his hips forward, and her throat accepted his penis deeply, his balls pushing
against her chin and lower lip.

	He released the hold on her head and groaned with pleasure as she bobbed
her head back and forth. He would cum soon, and then she would be ashamed of
what she had done. But right now all she wanted was his semen. She bobbed her
head up and down like a mad woman. She needed to make him cum. She had to taste
his sperm.

	Finally he shot his load down her, filling her mouth with his cum. She
drank every drop like her life depended on it, feeling the powerful orgasms once
more

	Still numb from her orgasm, she was conducted back to Donna's room by
Rachel. The redhead was smiling and commented. "You did well Linda. You have
earned your gifts."

	*****

	Donna was still sitting in her big comfortable chair when Malcon spurted
into the teenager's mouth. The big screen showed everything that happened to the
big chested girl. The younger sister ordered another glass and six more men
before the schoolgirl entered the room. She greeted her niece warmly. "Linda,
Linda... so you want the pills, right?"

	"Yes" the girl answered, distracted by the men's slapping sounds as they
jacked off.

	"Very well, I can provide you with a steady supply of it." Again, they
began to ejaculate into the glass. "In fact you'll receive a dose every day,
your mother will give you, to be consumed at nine o'clock every school day, but
never on holidays." Linda was a little shocked. She wasn't sure it would be
enough. "You will have to do us a favor, though." The young girl thought it
would be pleasing more men at the company and nodded. "...but first have a
little drink. But drink it slowly, as I talk to you."

	Donna took the sperm filled glass and handed it to Linda, who became
aroused at the strong smell, beginning to salivate again. The schoolgirl began
to drink it slowly as ordered, trembling in powerful orgasms. "Max loved to hear
about your innocent prude friends, and wants to turn then into more... sexually
open girls." Linda knew she should be raging, but the sensations she was having
were too strong, and she just kept drinking slowly. "You'll feed them a drug
from our beloved company that will change their view of the world. We will
instruct you as we go along." The young girl finished the glass, lost in
unnatural pleasure, but understanding what she was supposed to do. "Of course,
we'll stop giving you the pills if you fail to do as we wish, and right now it
can be very dangerous."

	Linda felt weak and humiliated, she had been broken. Now she was cum
addicted slave for the evil company, and was ready to turn her two best friends
into sluts for them, and was too scared to resist, she knew what she was about
to do and it depressed her.

	Sadness was all over her face while she took a long lesson on how she
would build suggestions into her friends' minds and break their bashfull nature,
inserting perverted ideas on their young heads. This would be a sad and long
process and she was just about to start.

	She was about to start perverting Debbie and Nicole!

	

	Next story: Millenium Products III: Perverting Debbie and Nicole.




Millenium products III - Perverting Debbie and Nicole



Chapter 1 - Introduction

Linda was shocked, she had been crying for hours as she remembered all the
horrors she endured at the Millennium Products building. She had humiliated
herself by serving the lecherous old man, Dr. Malcon, and the evil words of her
aunt were still echoing in her mind.

She was awake all night, thinking of what she would be forced to do to her only
friends, the two bashful and caring girls, Debbie and Nicole. They would end up
suffering as she was, and Linda knew she would be unable to resist the orders of
the evil company people.

In fact, the pretty busty teen was already feeling the withdrawn, her mouth was
dry and she was madly wishing she had a big fat cock to suck now. A few days ago
she had been a prudish virgin who never had any sexual experience. Now she a
cocksucking fucktoy, and this fact made her even more desperate.

Still scared of what she would have to do, the teen finally managed to get to
sleep late that night, exhausted from the days efforts and the long and sad
hours she spent thinking about her situation.

Linda found that Donna was already home when she woke up. Her evil aunt was
talking to her mother and had a subdued young man by her side. The schoolgirl
was utterly scared of her aunt's cruel games and evil ways, but she knew she was
completely in Donna's control, a blackmailed and addicted prisoner.

Donna urged the girl to get ready for the day and told her Max would be visiting
her by night. Since Linda would have to be thinking straight for the plan to
work correctly, she had brougt one of her "servants," as she called him, to feed
her the sperm she needed to lessen her addiction lust.

It was the first time the young brunette would receive her drink of cum so early
in the day, but she was already salivating looking at his cock. She helped the
"servant" pull his pants down and off, then cupped his balls, thrilling to the
feel of them, lying warm and full of yummy sperm, in her hand. The young
brunette started to suck the man's cock, while her evil auntie instructed her.
"Linda my dear, today you'll start talking to your friends about teasing boys,
and even of teasing older men. The cookies your mom gave them will have a very
interesting effect, as you'll see, as horny as they are now just a few
suggestions will turn them on... a lot!"

She produced two small pills and gave them to Linda, who was barely capable of
putting them in her pocket as she deep throated the stiff member. "You'll put
one of these pills in each of your friends' beverages as soon as possible. Ten
minutes after they drink it you'll suggest theychange into the bikinis I have
brougt. Of course you'll have to convince Nicole's father not to mention it to
her mother, but if he's as interested in young girls' bodies as you say it won't
be a problem."

The busty girl was moving her head back and forth on the hard cock, doing her
best to get the yummy sperm to flow into her mouth. "Finally you'll convince the
other girls to tease your friend's father until he is completely horny. Work
hard on Nicole's mind. She must be convinced that the heat she's feeling is the
result of her father's attention. Talk with Debbie about anal sex. Try to get
her hot about being fucked in the ass."

Donna could see the man coming in Linda's mouth and the look of delight in her
teen face as the big load of hot and salty sperm touched her tongue. "They will
be very open to suggestions for several hours, and if you work well they will
feel the unconscious desires you plant, turning them a little more into sluts.
This week you'll help them lose their cherries."

Having just swallowed sperm, Linda was more capable of independent thought, but
she was already to the point that the desire for more semen never stopped. And
especially after three days without, it just got subdued. She knew that in less
than a hour she would be happily following her aunt's orders, willing to do
anything for more semen. But right now a great sadness filled her, and she
cried, sobbing with her hands on her face, ashamed of what she'd have to do.

"My poor girl!" said Donna. "You're depressed because you'll turn your young
prude friends into cock crazy whores? Then let me tell you more. You know... Max
wants Nicole to seduce her father, with your guidance, of course. Can you
imagine the bashful Christian girl sucking her own father's dick? Or sitting on
his member, guiding its tip to her pussy and slowly sliding it inside her,
impaling herself on it?"

"N-no, p-please..." Linda sobbed in disgust.

"Also, this week Max will fuck little innocent Debbie in the ass. And she'll be
prepared to love it, because you'll fill her mind with lust for older men and
anal sex," Donna said cruelly.

She continued to explain the effects of the suggestion/arousal drug, and how to
work it to achieve its greatest effect. Little more than an hour later Linda was
arriving at Nicole's house, eager to complete her mission to earn her second
dose of sperm.

Chapter 2 - Pool day

Nicole greeted Linda as she entered. Debbie was already swimming in the pool.
Linda was wearing her big one-piece swimsuit, her slim body hidden by its heavy
fabric. Only her big breasts drew attention, pressing hard and showing through
the top of the garment.

Nicole was also in a one piece, her body fuller, a little plump, but not enough
to destroy the beauty of her waist, with just a little bit of a belly. She was
very pretty, medium height, her hips full and firm, with a round full butt and
shapely legs, but her best assets were her huge breasts, already a D-cup at
fifteen. Even though they sagged a little, her big fat tits were the wet dream
of many classmates. A nice face with black eyes and long black hair against her
tanned skin completed her figure.

"OH, Linda! I'm sooo glad you could come! You aren't in any trouble with your
mother for coming here, are you?" Nicole asked.

"No! Mom said we would be spend time together tonight... going to the movies or
stuff like that," she said as they went to the pool, meeting Debbie. There were
some five plastic chairs by the pool, the kind that can get in three positions:
normal, inclined and couch like, and a table with some glasses and dishes,
waiting for beverages, appetizers and the ever popular pizza.

Debbie got out of the pool to hug Linda, happy because her friend had managed to
come. Debbie was a delicate beauty. She had a childish green eyed face, looking
rather like a twelve than her actual fifteen years, her light brown hair went
some four inches past her shoulders. She was very slim and shorter than average,
with perky B-cupped breasts, very pointy and firm, and a flat stomach so sleek
that could be called thin. But as her slender waist ended it all changed. She
had incredibly wide hips for her frame, with a perfectly round and very full
butt and muscular legs, gained from years of olympic style gymnastics, which she
had just quit recently. Debbie was very innocent, and frequently considered a
naive airhead, but her friends knew she had a great heart. She was dressed in a
huge two piece bikini, the kind that her grandmother would use without
embarrassment. But even so, her incredible ass stretched it to its limits.
"Linda! You came, it's so cool. Our tanning project can finally go on!" Debbie
said with her little girl voice.

Dr Malcon would love to fuck her, Linda thought with a little pain, and probably
will. She couldn't help but notice that the drug they have ingested through her
cookies was at full work. Their nipples were hard, making two visible points in
both girls' swimsuits, and Nicole was wet in her crotch even before she entered
the water.

"Yeah!" Linda said. "We'll get the best tan in the world. Maybe then Peter
Krinston will notice us." All the girls thought Peter was the best looking boy
in their classes.

"UH... he's such a hunk!" Debbie answered.

"DEBBIE! Don't be so..." Nicole started to speak.

"OH, come on Nick! Wouldn't you like him to notice your big breasts?" Giggling
Linda cut her. "I would even undo some buttons to get his attention!" she said
while lightly jiggling her breasts, showing how she would make him notice her.

"You're so nasty, Linda, but I would like to catch him peeking at my chest."
Nicole said blushing, while Debbie laughed.

"I saw him ogling your breasts once!" Debbie talked enthusiastically.

"And I saw him staring at your butt!" Linda lied to Debbie.

"Really?! Cool!!" the girl was truly proud.

"Get real Nick... wouldn't you show a little more skin... a peek of your
breast... if it got him looking at you? I would!" Linda said.

"I don't know, it doesn't seem proper..."

"Come on... I'm not talking about going to school naked... just teasing the boy
a little..." Linda was getting the conversation to go exactly where she wanted.

"It's easy for you two," Debbie said. "But I don't use a D-cup..."

"No problem..." Linda answered. "You could just wear a miniskirt and it would
have the same effect, the boys would be staring at your legs and ass, and at our
boobs too, of course!"

All three of them laughed, not taking notice of Linda's use of dirty words. "Why
don't we make a pact?" Linda continued "Nick and I will go tomorrow with the top
three buttons of our uniforms undone and Debbie will wear her shortest skirt,
and we'll see the boys reaction." They laughed anew. "I think Brad will beg to
be my boyfriend again, and Rick..." Nicole had a crush on Rick, a member of the
school's volleyball team, "Rick may even start to look at you, Nick. You just
have to show him some cleavage. He loves big titted girls." Nicole faced turned
red at Linda's teasing, but her crotch was incredibly wet.

"Yes! See the way he looks at Stacy's tits? And I think your boobs are bigger,
Nick!" Linda could see her talk was hitting the target as Nicole started to bite
her lower lip, obviously horny. The other brunette was moving in her chair,
unable to find a comfortable position, all the while brushing her wet crotch
against it, getting herself even hornier without realizing it.

"I would open my legs a little in front of Peter if it made him notice me."
Debbie said giggling. "I think I would even bend over at the waist if it did the
trick!"

"I don't know... what if some dirty old guy stared at us? I would be flushed!"
Nicole said, seriously considering the pact.

Delighted at the turn of the conversation Linda reasoned "So what? It means the
trick is working. A man is turned on by your body. He wants to caress your
breasts, suck on your nipples..."

"LINDA! Don't be so nasty"giggled Nicole.

"OH, pleeeaase... if I had the courage I would like to see a grown man's penis.
I would tease him, then ask to see it when he was too hot to say no."

Debbie was giggling all the time, playing with her pussy through her bikini
without realizing it. She was shivering with pure horniness but didn't recognize
the unfamiliar feeling. Nicole was uncomfortably moving her hips, brushing her
crotch against her chair, trying to fight the image of a man's penis in her
mind.

Linda continued on the subject, "Can you imagine? Seeing his cock in front of
you... I would even touch it, if I had the courage, to see it getting hard, as
the sex education teacher said... imagine a grown man's big dick in your
hands..."

They were lost in erotic daydreams when Mr. Devoux opened the house door, some
ten feet away. He was bringing them soft drinks, and the girls woke from their
fantasies, looking with different eyes at the adult man approaching. Nicole was
blushing brightest of all because of her impure thoughts.

"Hi girls, is everything OK?" asked the middle-aged father. He was a short man,
with black sparse hair, bald on the front, and was a little bit overweight,
though not bad looking overall. But Nicole's father was also very charming to
the girls. He was funny and knew when to get out of the earshot, leaving them to
their gossip.

"Hi Mr. Devoux, how are you?" asked Linda, as she reached for the glasses,
helping him place them on the table. As he was greeting Debbie the blue-eyed
schoolgirl put the pills in the other girls' beverages. Nick's father stayed and
talked with them for some minutes. Linda was sure he was discreetly ogling the
girls breasts and butts, as always.

As they were left to themselves the girls entered the pool and joyfully played
inside it for more than twenty minutes, until Linda said "I think we'd better
lay on the pool chairs... or we may end up losing our chance to get a tan." The
other girls agreed without thinking, laying in the sun for some minutes. Linda
knew she had to begin the suggestions.

She was told to speak and act as if everything was normal, even if her requests
and advice were completely unnatural. Her friends were under a powerful
aphrodisiac which also increased their receptivity to suggestion.

"You know..."she started to say, "If we are to show more of our bodies, our
swimsuits will make obvious tan lines. They are too big!" The other girls
listened with great attention. "After all, we want to tease the boys in school,
right?"

"Right." The two girls responded correctly to the stimulus.

"We love to show our bodies and tease men, to get them hot and horny. Especially
older men, who turn us on so much." Her friends were absorbing the messages as
she talked.

"But these swimsuits just won't do!" Linda said. "Let's say I try to show a
little more cleavage, like this." She grasped the top of her swimsuit and pulled
it down, baring her breasts, the nipples appearing in full view. "People will
see this big patch of pale skin below the tanned parts... We should wear smaller
swimsuits, so we can tan more of our bodies." She returned her top and saw both
girls agreed with her. "Nick, show us your mark."

"OK," the young girl said, lowering the top of her garment a little.

"Nah, I can't see it well. Drag it lower. Show us your tits." Linda said,
testing the drug effects.

"I d-don't know, I mean..." Nicole shut up, puzzled at her own doubt. She
thought it was strange to show her tits, but Nicole knew that if Linda didn't
seem to care it must be normal, and her top ended up below her big breasts,
showing the constantly hard nipples.

"That's what I'm talking about." Linda spoke while passing her fingers across
her friend's chest, showing the line between her tan and the pale skin. "You
see, it's too high, the suit's line should be around here," she said, touching
Nicole's breast, and slowly using her fingers to trace an imaginary line that
touched her nipples, making the girl moan lightly.

Debbie agreed with her airhead smile. "Yes, we should wear smaller swimsuits."
She was a great subject for the drug. She took every word deeply to her mind.

"In fact, I think you should use some push up bikini top Nick, so your tits
could stand like this" Linda said while cupping her friend's huge D-cups from
below, making then bulge obscenely.

"Linda, are you sure you should be doing this?" Nicole asked.

"You mean this?" she said while fondling the other brunette's hooters. "Of
course, silly. As close friends we can do even things like this," the schoolgirl
said as she started to suck the other girl's nipples and lick her boobs, getting
her friend all excited, full of lust and unknown sensations.

Nicole was moaning in desire as Linda continued, "Come here, Debbie. Try it."
The cute petite girl lowered her head, licking and sucking a nipple with her
childish face smiling, happy to be considered a close friend by the other girls.
Linda's hand went to the other brunette's slit and started to masturbate her
through the swimsuit. "Do you like this, Nick?"

"YES!" the girl answered as she was masturbated and had her nipples sucked.

Whispering in the Christian girl's ear she continued her mission. "See? You love
to be sucked and licked, and will love to do the same thing to other girls. But
you'll love sucking a man even more, especially an older man. You'll dream of
sucking a grown man's adult cock. Even your father turns you on. Your constant
fantasy will be about your daddy's penis. Sucking him, letting him fuck you, is
your greatest desire now, even if it gives you shame." She continued to
masturbate Nicole until she exploded in orgasm. Linda helped her friend
straighten her swimsuit and, noticing that Nick's father was nowhere to be seen,
she continued, "It's your turn to lick and suck Debbie."

Nicole thought it was strange that they had never done this before, but she knew
it was common among close friends. Her hands went to the small girl's tits, but
Linda stopped her before she made a fool of herself.

"No Nick, Debbie's tits are too small, you have to lick her here," Linda told
her, pointing to Debbie's crotch, pulling her bikini panties aside to show the
wet pussy.

"Bu-but th-that's Debbie's va-vagina..." Nicole said wide eyed. Even under the
influence of the heavy drugs she was resisting the suggestions.

"No, we don't call it a 'vagina'! That's for small kids. It's a pussy." Linda
had to sternly instruct her nerves to stay calm as she continued to follow her
instructions. "And licking pussy is a common thing among girls who are close
friends. It's a show of love and friendship!" Still in doubt Nicole nodded her
agreement. " In fact you love it, Nick! Sucking other girls' pussies and tits is
delicious. You crave it! You love the feel of your tongue on a tight pussy."

She helped Nicole to lay on one of the chairs, putting it in couch position,
while Debbie sat on her face, her slit over Nick's mouth.

Humm... I love to suck other girls, thought Nicole as her tongue darted to the
brown haired girl's cunt, sucking with pleasure. It had an unreal quality, and
she felt something was wrong but was not able to point at it.

Debbie was moaned pleasure when she felt Linda's fingers entering her anus. At
the same time she heard the brunet whisper in her ear, "Your pussy is sooo wet.
You'd love to be fucked, to lose your virginity, but you must wait to do it with
the right person, an older man. But you know you won't be able to recognize him
by yourself! You have to listen to your friends to help find him. When I find
this man I'll tell you, and you'll fuck him with all your heart." The petite
girl was mad with lust, on the verge of coming from Nicole's licking. "And you
love to suck cock! Just the simple thought turns you on, but what you desire
most in the world is to be fucked in the ass. Once you pop your cherry you'll
crave the feeling of been ass fucked. You'll love to be sodomized." Debbie had a
strong orgasm as she heard these last words.

After their sexual efforts they were quite tired, for several minutes they lay
there, exhausted. But Linda insisted on all three getting in the pool and
staying in the sun a little more, until they were dry again. All the while she
urged them to comb their hair, as if preparing for a beauty pageant. After they
were as neat as possible she moved to the next step of the plan.

"Well girls, now back to the tanning project," Linda said. "My mom brought us
these bikinis when I told her our about problems." She passed the skimpy suits
to the other girls, who started an unbelieving examination immediately.

"They are kind of skimpy, aren't they?" asked Debbie.

"Yes, my mother would never let me wear this one. My breasts will be almost
bare. I don't even know if it's enough to cover my nipples!" Nicole added.

"Of course they are skimpy! If we want to get a good tan they have to be this
small." "And nobody will see them, just us, and your father Nick..."

Nicole felt a shiver of lust down her spine as she thought of showing this much
of her body to her father. The suggestion already planted in her mind made her
give in. "Well, if you say so, then it must be OK."

"Now we just have to ask your father to let us wear them and keep it a secret,
not telling your mother." Linda told them how they should ask him.



Mr. Devoux was in his bedroom watching some TV and massaging his cock through
his silk shorts. He was watching a sitcom about lifeguards. He just loved the
big breasted girls in it, never paying much attention to the story.

His sexual life stank. His wife was a knock out, but all that Christian crap
made her a lousy lay. He would not go to a whore, it was not his style, so he
had to use his imagination. He constantly fantasized about his daughter's
friends.

He had to get away from the girls or he would end up doing something he would
regret later. They were so cute, with their perfect teenage bodies. He was not a
pervert, but just looking at them made him hot.

His daughter was also very pretty and she had those big beautiful breasts. He
couldn't avoid noticing when her eleven-year-old chest began to develop early...
By thirteen she was already a C-cup, and now... they were huge!

Her friends were also so sexy. that girl, Linda, has the firmest big tits he'd
ever seen, and his daughter's other friends were also delicious! Debbie's butt
just invited a slap and a fondling, and Stacy was so stacked! He had masturbated
thinking of them frequently, but never to his own daughter, he thought it too
wrong to even be a fantasy. He was ashamed to admit even to himself that lately
even she was getting him hot!

He could barely stop the film before the girls entered his room, all three of
them close to his bed. Nicole shyly asked "Daddy, we were thinking... these
swimsuits are too big. We want to tan a little more of our body. Since there's
nobody here but us, we thought, if you permit, that we, er... that we could wear
some smaller swimsuits." Nicole was completely wet just being in her fathers
bedroom. She would love it if he hugged or touched her in any way, even though
the young virgin had no idea what to do with a man.

But it was so wrong! This much she knew.

She continued to talk, "I know mom won't like it... but, i-if you d-don't tell
her..." the D-cupped girl was sitting with one bent leg on the bed and the other
on the floor, her hands in front of her moist crotch, lightly touching it, with
her arms pressing her huge boobs together, making them stick outand look even
bigger. Linda was standing in front of Mr. Devoux, her big firm jugs pointing
directly to his eyes. Debbie was casually behind the other girls, playing with a
pair of her earrings in her hands, apparently not paying much attention.

Nick took the bag with the bikinis and started to take them out, saying, "You
see, these are the bikinis. We are alone and no one will see it... pleaassee
daddy!" As she showed him the bikinis, the earrings fell from Debbie's hands,
ending up behind her. She turned her back to the older man and bent over at the
waist to pick them up, showing her glorious ass to Mr. Devoux.

His daughter was taking the bikinis from the bag, but Mr. Devoux couldn't help
but stare at the teenager's butt. When he was able to tear his gaze away he saw
Linda looking him in the eye and smiling. He was embarrassed, but also excited
at the though of the three nubile teenagers in the tiny suits. He thought it
could be fun. "Ok, let's make a deal, I'll let you wear the bikinis, and I won't
tell your mother about it, but I have to approve them. So you put them on and
show me. If they are OK I'll let you use them. Deal?"

"DEAL!" all three yelled at the same time, running to the bathroom. Moments
later they were back and, one at a time, each girl entered his room and posed
for him in the new swimsuit.

Mr. Devoux knew he had to say no.

They were all skimpy and lots of flesh was showing. The tops were barely capable
of covering the girls' nipples and they were tied behind their backs and necks,
looking like any strong movement would pull them apart.The bottoms were even
worse. The girls' pussy lips were visible through the thin material, and the
backs were lost inside the crack of their buttcheeks.

His own daughter's big breasts seemed to just sit in their cups like scoops of
ice cream, the luscious mounds nearly open to the gaze of her father. As she
slowly made a full turn he could see her ass cheeks engulfing the tiny bikini,
and her slit hugged by its thin and tight fabric, leaving little to imagination.

But as they walked, with their firm teenage flesh exposed, their boobs swaying
lightly with each movement, he gave in to his already horny state and gave his
approval.

The girls rushed to him saying, "Thanks", "You're so cool" and "I love you
daddy", embracing him and kissing his face. He was sitting, trying to conceal
his almost full erection in his shorts, especially since he wasn't wearing
underwear, but it was useless.

First came the petite girl, Debbie, who sat in his lap with both legs to the
same side, her arms around his neck and her crotch brushing on his hard member
as she kissed his face. She moved up and down on his erection for a second, just
like he was a pony... or as if she was fucking him!

Debbie was very horny. The idea of teasing an older man was very exciting to
her. The young girl made sure to brush her best asset, her ass, on his cock. It
was already hard! She almost came, and bounced on it in delight, feeling his
manhood hitting her pussy as she got bounced on him.

Linda was next. Embracing him from the side, she pulled his head to kiss its
bald top, sending his face directly to the middle of her big firm hooters which
were barely contained by her tiny bikini top. As she kissed him several times in
different places on top his head, his face was rubbed all over her jugs. He felt
them brushing against his nose, mouth, cheeks. He even felt a hard nipple
against his mouth for a second as her mounds were rubbed against his face.

Linda was hot as she took her turn on him. He was sporting a tremendous hard on
and she longed for the salty cum it would give her, but was able to control
herself. She just pulled his head to the valley of her ample breasts, moving her
tits so his mouth would feel them, rubbing hard her boobs against his face. For
a moment, she doubted he was capable of containing his desires as she pressed
her hard nipple to his mouth, with only the thin fabric between her nipple and
his tongue.

He was so hot he thought he could cum just with the hugs and little kisses.

Then they made way for Nicole.

She knelt over his lap, her legs straddling his, her pussy lips fully in contact
with his erect member through the thin material of her bikini panties and his
shorts. She put her arms around his neck and hugged him so hard that her tits
were squashed against his chest, resting her head on his shoulder. She moved her
weight slowly from one leg to the other, still hugging him, saying, "Thanks
daddy. I knew you would understand. I love you so much." His fully erect member
rubbed her slit as her crotch moved around it. His hands went to her ass as if
they had a mind of their own, and he started to feel her full round butt with
his fingers.

Nicole was dripping wet. She was completely in the hold of Linda's suggestions,
and being this close to her father was just too much for her to resist. The
formerly prudish teenager had pushed the front of her bikini panties inside her
moist pussy while Linda was "heating up" her father until her labia were fully
exposed, engulfing the fabric. Without her knowledge, her blonde friend had also
loosened the knot on her back, making sure her bikini top would not stay in
place if she brushed against anything.

As she straddled him and felt his hard cock she almost came, and hugged him
hard, but in a way that her top would ride up her generous bust. She was so
horny she just changed her body weight from one leg to another, feeling his rock
hard cock brushing her slit as she moved. When he placed his hands on her butt
and started to mold it with his fingers Nicole was in heaven, babbling loving
words while wishing to tell him how aroused she was. But she was not able to do
it. It still was too wrong to be done.

As she broke the hug her bikini top had ridden up on her impressive boobs. Her
nipples were in plain view as the top lay uselessly, high above them. She
pretended not to notice it and raised her body a little, her big hard nipples
just a couple of inches from his mouth for long seconds. "You are the best
father in the world, and I want to be your obedient daughter," Nicole said as
she lightly arched her back, putting her protruding nipple inside his open
mouth.

She was so proud showing him her big tits. Her nipples were so hard, begging to
be sucked. She was so mad for his tongue that she raised her body, almost
feeding her breasts to him. For some seconds she considered hugging him again
pressing her boobs into his mouth, then she considered cupping a large boob with
her hand and gently placing it in his mouth, but she gave up both ideas and just
arched her back, aiming the nipple at his open mouth.

Her father lost control for a second, and closed his lips on the erect nipple,
gently sucking it, then stopped as guilt hit him. The man looked up to his
daughter's face with great embarrassment.

When Nicole felt his father sucking her nipple she almost had an orgasm, but
seconds later her conscience returned and she was overcoming by a huge sensation
of guilt. When the girl saw her father's red face she got mortally embarrassed
at the situation. Her mind was still trying to resist the strange feelings
coursing through her, overwhelming her arousal with waves of shame and regret.

Nicole's face got very red and she barely managed to say "OOPS! S-sorry
daddy...I-I'm so embarrassed. It rode up and... I-I'm sorry" as she tried to
tuck the breast back into the top, still on his lap, his cock so hard it tickled
her pussy, but as the bow in the back was undone she wasn't able. Her hands went
to her back to tie it again, and this position made her big teen D-cups stick
out nearly to his face again.

He was open mouthed and wide-eyed. He had always been a 'breast man', and his
daughter had the most fantastic set of knockers he ever seen!

Nicole's face was a deep crimson. She was utterly ashamed, but also nearly
cuming from this situation. She finally stood up and swiftly walked back to the
pool with lust and guilt in her mind.

Devoux was so hot that he breathed heavily, his cock as hard as it had been in
years. By the door he saw the busty blonde, Linda, looking at his erection and
smiling at him for a moment before she also joined the other girl.

The middle aged man tried to think straight, but it had been the most powerful
erotic experience he had ever had. The guilt over the incest was driving him
mad, as was the pure desire he was feeling now.

For more than one hour he wrestled his conscience, until he finally admitted he
had to get near the horny teenagers again. He quickly called a pizza delivery
service, as he knew they loved it. Around twenty minutes later he was walking to
the young foxes with the fresh pizza.



Linda was delighted to see the results of her first manipulation. Debbie and
Nicole couldn't talk of any thing but the feel of his prick brushing against
their pussies and the excitement of the scene.

She used the conversation to imprint some more orders in Nicole. "You see,
teasing your dad is so cool. You love it! Just be careful so your mom won't
notice. He loves to see your tits and to feel your body. He will love you even
more when you suck his cock and fuck his dick, and you want so much his love!
You want to be a good obedient daughter. You want to make him feel good. You
never want to fail him. You want to do whatever he says. Obeying him makes you
horny and satisfied."

Linda saw Nicole's face and knew her mind was having trouble accepting the
incest. "You see, teasing your dad is so cool! You loved it! Just be careful so
your step mom won't notice it."

"Linda! I'm so confused... I-I showed him my tits and he even sucked my nipples!
It's wrong!"

"Come on! He loved to see your tits and feel your body..." The blonde's words
made her friend even hornier and made her doubts diminish. "He will love you
even more when you suck his cock and fuck his dick..."

"NO! I never even touched a man's penis! I don't have the courage to do this."
The prudish brunette was trembling slightly, nervous as she pictured herself
touching her father's cock.

"Now it's different, Nicky!" Linda answered. "It's your dad, you love him and
you so much want his love! You saw how he was looking at you!"

"But I felt so ashamed! I-it was weird! He's my father!"

"So what? He's not happy in his marriage! He must be a very unhappy and
unsatisfied man right now. He needs love, a SPECIAL kind of love. You say he's
not giving you enough attention now and you always tell me you want to be a good
obedient daughter. You want to make him feel good. You never want to fail him.
You want to do whatever he says... I must have heard it a thousand times! Were
all those words just lies?"

"NO! I want to be a good daughter, you know it! But I'm not sure I should have
teased him like that. I feel like flirting with him was wrong!" The brunette was
very confused, her mind in turmoil.

"Of course it was wrong! You don't just tease a man and go away! He is surely in
need of a more... more intimate love, and you are the one who should give it to
him!"

"I-I do-don't know..."

"You saw the look in his eyes when he sucked your tits! To be a really good
daughter, to really help him, you've got to give him what he really needs! And
you know what is it. Only then will you be his perfect daughter."

Linda knew Nick needed about a week to accommodate these thoughts and work up
the courage to actually fuck her father. But next Sunday, at most, was her last
day as a virgin. Her father would have the pleasure of fucking her in every
possible way.

To Debbie she used simple commands: to obey her, that everything she proposed
was normal and very fun, and things like that. To finish up, Linda bombarded the
two teenagers with heavy commands to make them love the flavor of sperm, and be
very curious to taste it.

She knew it was sad, and that she was betraying... destroying... her best
friends. Linda should be depressed, but the addiction had control of her, making
the schoolgirl so horny that nothing seemed wrong. In fact, she was constantly
thinking about Max's cock and his special sperm.

When she saw Mr. Devoux coming with a pizza, she already had a plan worked out,
wanting to go a little further. She had told it to the girls, but Nicole almost
resisted. The extremely uptight girl was in the middle of a internal battle. The
suggestions and drugs were fighting her strong moral and religious beliefs. She
remain unsure whether she wanted to be in this new and naughty game until the
last moment.

The girls started to talk to Nicole's father. This time he didn't seem to be in
a hurry to leave them. Linda and Debbie made a show of tits and asses, freely
brushing him "by accident." Nicole was very quiet and didn't participate. Even
when her father spoke directly to her, she answered using polite and short
sentences.

Soon he was sporting an obvious hard on in his shorts, sitting in a half
reclined chair. Linda was talking very close to him with a slice of pizza in her
hand. Nicole was to his other side, trembling slightly in indecision as the
great moment approached.

Then Linda's pizza top fell on Mr. Devoux's shorts, on his crotch. It wasn't hot
enough to hurt him, but it was dirty with a hard-to-remove oily cheese.

Nicole had to make her decision now. Trembling she moved her hand, with a paper
towel, to his lap. Pretending to be trying to clean it she touched his cock and
begun massaging it through his shorts, feeling it without any underwear.

"Oh! I'm so sorry Mr. Devoux, I'll get a wet cloth to help you, Nick," Linda
said grabbing her t-shirt and going to the pool to get it wet.

"H-hey, n-no problem... I..." he tried to say as his daughter's hand moved on
his already stiff member.

"Stay quiet daddy,' Nicole said with her hand still shaking "...this oil is hard
to get out if not cleaned properly." Feeling his penis pulsating in her hand she
almost came. Getting bolder, and hornier, she grabbed it, wrapping her hand
around it as well as the shorts permitted, and looked into his eyes, a little
embarrassed.

Linda saw this as she was returning. She took the wet shirt in her right hand
and placed it over of Nicole's hand, grabbing it with her own. Nicole looked at
her with desperate eyes, fearing what she was going to do.

"Let's use this wet thing... maybe it'll work better this way..." the blue eyed
beauty said as she started to move Nicole's hand up and down on his erection.
"Let's rub real hard, perhaps we can save these shorts." As they masturbated him
hard, moving their hands very quickly, their boobs started to sway, wiggling in
front of the open mouthed man.

Devoux couldn't believe what he was seeing. His daughter seemed confused, but
Linda, that slut, was jacking him off with his daughter's hand, and was smiling
to him! It felt too good to be true. He was lying in the reclining chair, with a
beautiful big titted teenager to each side jacking him off. Even if Nicole was
unsure of what she was doing it was great! It couldn't get any better.

Nicole's left hand went to her crotch. Soon she was masturbating through the
bikini panties while she moved his father prick back and forth. She could feel
it pulsating in her hand, his face contorted in pleasure as he groaned in
satisfaction. The Christian brunette felt she was a very good daughter and was
happy she could make her daddy feel so good.

Then Debbie's head appeared at the end of the chair, with more paper towel
saying "there's a lot of the stuff down here, let me help you!" She knelt
between his legs and bent over the chair, her head close to the moving hands,
and started to massage his testicles.

Devoux was near his limit. He wanted the scene to last forever, but soon was
arching his back, body stiff. He was about to cum. Linda raised the top of his
shorts, his cockhead hardly visible until he started to spurt gallons of cum on
his belly. He was completely mad with lust. It was the best orgasm he'd had in
years... and it was just a handjob! He was still lost in the sensations when the
blue eyed teenager caught all the jism inside her hand with a spoon from the
table. She licked his belly and chest to collect the last drops with her tongue.

Nicole saw the goo and knew it was sperm, but only when the jets of cum started
did she notice the tip of his cock out of the shorts. She had learned about a
man's penis and semen in sex ed, but this was the first time she'd actually seen
them. She was unable to take her eyes out of his manhood and also had a strange
urge to taste the white stuff. The Christian girl started to feel shame and
regret again, but also had a powerful orgasm from her masturbation.

Devoux could see, by the surprise in Debbie and Nicole's face, that they had no
idea of what they had just done. They were completely flushed and Nicole was so
red it seemed she would burst. After the orgasm, the realization of what he had
done hit him very hard. He saw his daughter's embarrassed face, and looked at
the tip of his cock and Linda cleaning his cum-covered belly., the incest
situation making him feel utterly guilty. Even worse was knowing he couldn't
resist if it was to start anew. The man was so embarrassed and ashamed that he
practically ran back to the house.

Linda was in heaven as she took the first spoonful of cum in her mouth. After
countless orgasms she managed to stop and save a small dose of sperm for each
girl. "Come on Nick, taste your daddy's yummy cum," she said.

Nicole was wide eyed, not understanding what she was feeling. "B-but Linda, what
have we done? What I... oh my god!" Linda felt she had let Nicole's shock go on
too long.

The blue eyed brunette couldn't resist and said "You don't know what you've just
done to him, Nick?"

"Wh-what? What do you mean?" Nicole had never seen a men jerking off, and truly
didn't know what it was, she thought to be just playing with his penis.

"You jerked him off. That's how the boys masturbate! And you just did it to your
daddy."

Nicole was open mouthed. She had masturbated her father! Again the mind battle
began, but she couldn't take her eyes from his sperm. "It's wrong... I
shouldn't... He..."

"He felt so good!" Linda interrupted her. "He loved it! You gave him a lot of
pleasure. Didn't you like it?"

"I-I don't know..." Nicole said, confused.

"Don't be a fool, Nick. You loved jacking him off! I could feel you cum as you
felt his hard cock moving in your hands. Now think about him putting his stiff
manhood inside you. Can you imagine how good will it feel?"

Nicole pictured herself pinned under him, his hard body pushing into her, and
became immediately wet. She could see Debbie approaching Linda and saying, "Hey,
I want it too! Does it taste good? I saw you drinking the stuff and, wow, it
looked great!"

The dominant girl smiled at her friend's already conquered mind, filling the
spoon with her dose and feeding the green eyed girl's mouth. Linda knew she
should be ashamed by now, but strangely she was still unable to feel anything,
save her sperm-joy.

Nicole watched as Debbie swallowed her share while Linda kept on talking. "You
love this taste, it's so yummy. You long for it. You crave this flavor. Sperm is
delicious to you!". Even as humiliated as she was at what she had done, Nicole
was trembling in pleasure over the naughty act. As Linda talked she started to
get increasingly aroused about it.

The prudish teen reluctantly walked to her friend, her head lowered. She raised
her eyes in submission and meekly opened her lips. Linda smiled as Nick took the
spoonful of sperm in her mouth, loving the salty and creamy taste. She would
crave it with all her heart, and she knew it. Nicole was already buillding
fantasies about tasting more of her father's cum. Linda still was feeding her
mind with strong suggestions "You want to be a good girl. You love to please
your father any way he wants. You want to suck his cock, let him fuck you, eat
his sperm, and even be butt-banged if it makes him happy. You crave his approval
above all else. You never want to fail him or let him down. That's why you must
do whatever he wants." She also planted some suggestions in the girls' minds
about sucking cock and liking older men.

As the hour passed Mr. Devoux hadn't returned, and Linda considered her day
finished, she and Debbie going home early. Nicole, afraid and ashamed, prepared
herself to be alone with her father. Her mind was polluted, full of impure and
incestuous thoughts.

Linda was half way home when she realized the day was not over. Max was waiting
for her.

Chapter 3 - Hot visit for Linda

Linda opened the door with caution, she was afraid of what she would find back
home. Having tasted Mr. Devoux's sperm recently, she was able to think more
clearly, and was temporary free of the implanted longing for the addictive
orgasms. She noticed the mind bending effect of her cum swallowing orgasms was
longer now, giving her some ultra horny minutes after she finished drinking it,
and the poor girl was sure that it meant the addiction was growing. She also
noticed she was more used to accepting her orders, and just the promise of semen
was enough to dispel any doubts she had.

But the humiliation and shame stayed the same.

As she walked through the living room the busty teenager was greeted by her aunt
Donna. She was naked, a dildo strapped to her incredible body. The artificial
cock was not huge or oversized, but it looked weird in the girl's eyes. The
older brunette walked to Linda and embraced the schoolgirl, the dildo falling to
the middle of her niece's legs. The woman's hands went to the teen's butt,
handling and gently slapping it. Suddenly she kissed Linda with her mouth open,
running her tongue into the teen's mouth, letting the younger brunette taste the
sperm still in her mouth. She must have just swallowed it a few minutes earlier.
"Take off your clothes," she said, matter of factly, and Linda obeyed without
thinking twice.

"Well young lady, have you behaved well? Have you done everything I ordered?"
she said with a smile as the schoolgirl gushed into her panties, craving semen
again.

"Y-yes" Linda said as she was conducted to the living room, where Max was
sitting nude in the sofa. By his look he had obviously had an orgasm recently.
Her mother was also naked, sitting between his legs, her enormous breasts
pressed against one of them. She was dreamily kissing and playing with his cock.
His penis was at half mast, forming an arc down to his left nut. Linda looked at
his genitals and noticed his balls, full of the yummy semen she wanted. She also
noticed that her mother's ample mounds were clearly firmer, hardly sagging
anymore, looking more like a twenty-year-old's chest.

Donna sat on the couch facing the couple and said, "Come here my niece. Sit on
your aunty's lap and tell me every thing that happened."

Looking at the erect plastic pole Linda gasped, but started to get into
position. She turned her back to Donna, and placed each of her legs to the one
side of her tormentor's closed knees. The busty schoolgirl bent down, until the
tip of the artificial cock touched her slit. Her aunty's hands went to her hips,
guiding her pink opening to the dildo. The fifteen-year-old girl breathed deeply
and leaned back, feeling the tip entering her tight pussy. Holding Donna's legs,
she slowly lowered her crotch, impaling herself on it. She moaned in pleasure as
the phallus filled her crevice. She sat there panting, her moist pussy squeezing
the fake cock.

Donna's body was soon pressed against hers, the big mounds squashed against her
back, her aunt's hands feeling the teen's breasts and rubbing her niece's clit.
One of Linda's arms was pulled back around Donna's neck, giving the older
woman's mouth access to suck one of her young boobs. Linda was directly looking
at Max's dick, longing to savor his manly rod and taste his creamy cum. A tiny
part of her mind quailed at the urges, but she was again ready to debase and
humiliate herself in every possible way just to get another dose of semen in her
mouth.

"Tell me how was your day, Linda. I'm curious." She told him everything, every
torrid and nasty detail, carefully describing Nicole's humiliation and doubts,
even telling about the three girls' sharing of Devoux's sperm. All the while
Donna was gently fucking her, the dildo slowly moving up and down in her wet
cunt. Her mother was licking Max's shaft, slowly jerking him. Linda was
salivating at the sight of the hardening cock. She licked her lips many times as
she told her story. When she was finished the girl had orgasmed twice on the
dildo, but was increasingly more desperate for his semen.

"You have gone too far for a first time, Linda." Max talked while petting her
mother's bobbing head. "The suggestions were still weak in the girls' minds.
Debbie seems to be very open to control, but this... Nicole, has religion and
morals to back up her mental defenses."

Linda was afraid he was angry with her. She couldn't even imagine what kind of
torture he could inflict upon her with his drugs and shivered at the thought.
But Donna just forced her off the dildo and conducted her by the hair to the
middle of Max's legs, pushing Kate lightly, who obediently made way for her
daughter. Knowing what was expected of her, Linda submissively dropped to her
knees. Needing no more encouragement she opened her mouth and, as the head of
his cock entered it, she quickly closed her lips and drove them all the way to
the base of his cock.

"You'll have to watch her carefully. Your friend Nick will be feeling great
confusion, and you'll have to constantly guide her, building her suggestions and
reinforcing them." Max told her as she moved her head with a mad lust. She made
sure to pay extra attention to the swollen purple head, and was rewarded with a
groan of pleasure from him. "You'll receive more suggestion pills. You have to
use at least one of them on Nicole tomorrow, and in about two days you will got
her ready for sexual intercourse with her father. While she will still be full
of guilt and shame, by the end of the week she'll be a cock hungry big titted
slut, just like you, Linda."

The schoolgirl was too high from her conditioning to feel any shame. She started
to fondle his balls and to move her hand up and down on his cock at the base.

"You're a natural cocksucker, darling! You enjoy it so much, just like your
mother used to." Donna started to talk. "The effect of the drug that gave her
the oral special pleasure ended, but I couldn't let my poor sister down, of
course, so I gave another one that's just a tiny bit different." Linda was
almost afraid of what she would hear, but all she cared about was tasting Max's
juice.

"But now let me tell you what we've been doing while you had your fun by the
pool," Donna continued as she forced her sister to suck her pussy. "We, Max and
myself, arrived here around a hour ago, and we've been fucking your mother since
then. Max showed her the pleasures of anal sex. He fucked her virgin ass twice,
and she loved it, thanks to the new drug I injected into her. You see, she'll
get bored just swallowing cum all the time, now what gives her the special
orgasm is a good and rough ass fucking!" The schoolgirl was in shock. She
couldn't imagine her mother with a hard dick inside her asshole. "She even
enjoyed being double penetrated. You know, I fucked her pussy with the dildo as
Max banged her tight butt!"

Max's penis was pulsating, ready to ejaculate. Linda forgot her mother's
humiliation in that moment as her heart raced, her body anxiously awaiting his
sperm. She was looking at his face, her big blue teenage eyes pleading, begging
for his semen as she kneaded his balls with one hand and jacked him with the
other, her lips tightly closed around his cockhead.

He tensed his body and came with a loud groan. Her lips closed over his member's
tip and her tongue darted across his cockhead, as if trying to extract more of
the precious liquid from the small orifice at its top. Linda continued to suck
hungrily as the thick wads of jism entered and filled her mouth, its taste
strong on her tongue, the smell filling her cute nose from inside. Her body
trembled as if feverish. It was the strongest of the super orgasms she had ever
had!

Exhausted from her full body orgasm, and feeling the incredible afterglow she
had been experiencing lately, Linda was barely concerned as she heard Max talk
to her as he was dressing. "Tomorrow, you'll find a way of bringing Debbie here
after the class. I'll fuck her ass, and yours too." Linda just nodded, still not
caring about it. "And since you almost ruined your mission you'll go without an
addiction suppressing pill tomorrow. You'll have to conquer your first guy if
you want to suck him." The schoolgirl was finally worried, she desperately
wanted to keep her cum craving a secret at her school. She was considered a
bashful and nice girl, and didn't want to be known as a slut... like Marcy!

Her remaining pride was shattered as she realized that tomorrow she would begin
to build her reputation as the school's new slut.

Chapter 4 - School Day For The Three Teen Sluts



IMPORTANT: I have lost my editor, that's why the story took so long to continue,
and I direlly need someone to correct my english, since I'm a forigner it may be
a difficult task. But I hope it will be worth awhile.



Blushing Linda walked the school halls, a boy had just noticed her looking at
his crotch and smiled at her. She had looked at it while he was kissing his
girlfriend, so his penis was half hard, capturing Linda's eyes. She walked
faster, picturing a big erect member in her mind, salivating and panting at the
thought. The addiction was stronger, she was certain of it now. She couldn't
stop building fantasies about every boy she saw!

Linda saw her two friends in the corridor, and hoped their presence and the
talking would help her forget the pressure, the thirst.

"Hi Debbie, hi Nick... how are you? I..." she noticed Nicole's long face and
knew something was wrong. "What's the problem Nick, something wrong with your
dad?" The other brunet just noded. "What happened?" Linda asked worried.

"Today mom went earlier to work and dad entered my bedroom in the morning as I
was just waking up," she said with a trembling and uncertain voice "...you
know... I was just dressed in my nighty and panties. "I got out of the bed and
smiled to him saying 'mornin' dad'... then I... I had this evil thought... I
wanted him to notice me... my body, so I pretended to be drowsy and begun
stretching my body, sticking out my breasts and striking sexy poses." Nicole
stopped her story for a second as she repressed a sob. "He liked it... he liked
it too much... my daddy lifted his hands and cupped my breasts!"

Linda was feeling her pussy build moisture as she heard the story. "I knew it
was wrong! But I couldn't move, I-I just loved to feel him fondling my boobies,
molding them in his hand! I was so ashamed! He started to open my nighty... he
was eager to see my tits... and I was very horny, so wet... I raised my hand to
stop him as my breasts went free, but he just took my hand and led it to his
crotch... Inside his large silk shorts! His penis was so hard as I grabbed it!
He stood there, cupping my breasts and pinching my nipples as his member was
wrapped in my hand. I... I even started to move it... as we have done sunday. We
stood like this for some minutes... until he tried to suck my tits. When his
tongue touched my nipple I snaped out of it!" Nicole had a small tear in her
eyes as she talked now. "I took a step back and fought his hands as I started to
cry... telling that I didn't want it, that it was wrong... He stopped and just
stood there, silently looking at me cry, his penis hard on his shorts. He looked
so hurt, so uncertain... then he left." Nicole was drying her tears as she
talked "I've been a bad daughter! I hurted him... Oh god, I just wanted him to
feel good, but instead I just denied what he wanted... I just made him sad..."

Linda's suggestions were strong in the prude girl's mind. She resisted them, for
now, but felt guilty for it. She wanted to submit, even if the act she was to do
was completely unatural, something unthinkable some days ago. She even trusted
Linda with her feelings, telling everything to the one who was turning her into
a slut, not able to see it.

Debbie was looking dumber now than ever, she was wearing a constant smile and
dreaming face. "Oh Nick, I only wish I had your problems... your daddy is so
cute, I love older men, they are sooo sexy" the petite girl showed clearly her
conditioning. "You see, yesterday I got home earlier. My big brother was alone
when I arrived... and I caught him on his bed, with his penis on his hand doing
the stuff we did with your father! I almost could see his cock! But he quickly
noticed me and got all embarassed, he was so red! He throwed his shirt over his
pole. I just stood there, watching his cock make a big tent on his shirt... I
watched it as he put up his short and got out of the bed, asking me not to tell
mom or dad. I agreed... I was so wet! a pitty he is so young, you know, I have
the hots for older guys."

Debbie seemed ready to Max, Linda thought, and she would bring him the girl
today, her perfect ass was going to feel his cock. The tales of her friends and
the thought of Debbie's butt penetration were driving the blue eyed brunette
crazy. "He soon left the apartment, I think he was too embarassed to stay home
with me. I changed into a big shirt I use to sleep, I wanted to get a little
rest. This shirt was my father's, as I loved it he gave it to me, and now I use
it in bed. It is huge in my body, looking like a very short skirt, the neckline
goes almost from one shoulder to the other, if I bend a little bit one can see
my tits inside it, and I was wearing just my panties with it"

Debbie got closer to her friends and told in a lower voice. "Then the doorbell
rung, I went to see who was it, and saw it was our neighbour, Carl Slayton, my
dad's friend. I felt a shiver as I thought about being home alone with this
older man, well he is not very handsome... but he's in the right age! I made a
quick decision and took off my panties before opening the door, throwing it
behind the sofa. My nipples got so hard they made two points in the shirt. As I
got him inside he asked for daddy and I told him I was alone. He didn't seem to
notice me... you know, in a special way, like Nick daddy does. He asked for one
of my dad's tools."

The tale was getting Linda even hotter, she almost couldn't keep herself from
grabbing a boy and fucking him, she was feeling the mighty horny state produced
by her addiction. Debbie continued her hot tale "the tools were in a box below
my dad's bed. I guided him inside daddy's room and leaned a bit pointing to
where they were, letting him look all the way inside my shirt, showing him my
tits as I said 'it's below the bed' He couldn't speak, staring open mouthed at
my mounds... they are not huge like yours, but they are cute and firm! Carl was
getting hot looking at my body and I got all wet as I pretended not to notice he
ogling me."

The girl was completely cock crazy! Linda thought she was going to get herself
raped if she didn't get fucked soon... this afternoon she will have what she
wanted so eagerly.

"I made a nasty decision and went further, kneeling in front of the bed to get
the box. I made sure the shirt rode up my butt, displaying my wet pussy and half
of my ass. I arched my back, putting my shoulders on the ground and sticking out
my butt, as I looked for the box. Then I wiggled my ass, making the rim ride
even higher, showing him all of my butt cheeks. I even opened my legs, as if to
get a little farther below the bed, and exposed the cunt lips, shining with
moisture... I think even my butthole was showing. I made sure to give my butt a
couple of extra twists before I got the box out and handed it to him. Carl was
red faced, breathing heavly, and he had a big hard on, his dick seemed to be
ready to rip the crotch of his jeans. He babbled some thanks and got back home,
looking in a very different way to me as he left... if I was sure he was the
"special man" I would have grabbed his penis and learned to fuck with him."

Nicole was blushing, but her hard nipples betrayed her desires. All three girls
went to the classroom with wet panties. The english class was a bore to them,
images of hard cocks and spurting cum filled their minds.

Linda's state was worse. She craved the taste of semen, her body was trembling
lightly, and she felt a little pain for the first time. The brunette knew it was
the withdraw effect and she needed to get a dose of sperm! Just to think about
it gave her a weak orgasm. The young girl wasn't able to stand any longer when
she asked ms Armghast, the english teacher, to go out of the class. The old
woman had already noticed her studant shaking, and gave her the permission,
assuming the young schoolgirl was sick and was going to the enfermary.

Linda went to the bathroom, the empty halls echoing her steps. She washed her
face but it didn't help, the pain and the madening need weren't going away. Then
she heard other steps in the corridor, Linda was desperate not to show her sperm
lust in the school, but her need was too much. The big busted teenager was in a
state she never had been before, a minor pain was sweeping through her body,
only lessenning when she thought about swallowing semen, as a powerful arouse
possessed her. She was feeling a small orgasm as she decided to suck to first
men she saw.

Linda got out of the bathroom looking for the person producing the step sounds.
She saw a young boy coming through the hall, lost in his thoughts. He was about
fourteen and was fat, with heavy glasses and a ugly face. She was desmayed, but
couldn't wait much longer. As he was passing in front of the bathroom door she
almost jumped at him, scaring the boy, as she said "Hi! I-I'm L-Linda... who are
you?" she rubbed her tits hard against his chest, then stood by his side arching
her back, forcing her large mounds to stick out, lightly moving her shoulders,
displaying her chest. Linda was giving the boy her best smile and looking him
with pleading blue eyes.

"M-my name is Nigel... I-I was just... I meam..." he couldn't tear his gase from
her big boobs, his face red with embarassment.

"Do you like my tits?" the girl asked boldly.

The embarassed boy nodded lightly as he stared at them, wide eyed and stunned
with surprise.

Linda started to undo her buttons and to wiggle her breasts making him gag.
"Come inside the bathroom and I'll let you see them!" She took him by the hand
and guided the unbelieving boy inside the bathroom.

He followed her inside as the beautiful schoolgirl was unsnapping and removing
her bra, setting her impressive hooters free for his view. This simple act gave
her a orgasm, as if her body was rewarding the girl for acting correctly.

His hands went instinctivly to her chest, fondling and squizing the firm and
generous C-cupped boobs. He couldn't believe what was happening, and said "you
have the most beautiful tits I've ever saw!" He had only seen tits in his
father's playboy magazines, of course.

Linda was unbelievably hot and french kissed him, sliding her hands to his
crotch, the feel of his hardening penis made her need for sperm swell. "Thanks."
The ample chested brunette said as she sank to her knees and reached for his
zipper. She opened his fly one-handed while lowering her mouth to his cock. It
was disappointingly small. Linda slipped it into her mouth and started working
it with the tongue. Her breasts pressed against his thigh as her head expertly
bobbed up and down on his dick, trying to coax a load as quickly as possible.

When she sank her lips to the root he moaned in delight and started to pet her
head. The feeling was pleasant and Linda climaxed again. She took the stiff
shaft out of her mouth and teased the boy while jerking his dick "OH! You are
deliscious! I'm loving to suck your hard cock... I want you to cum in my mouth!
Pleeeaase! Let me swallow your sperm!" She moaned as another small orgasm
shacked her body, the new sensations were making her mad with desire for his
sticky jism. She got back to sucking the boy, this time faster, doing her best
to get the yummy sperm to flow into her mouth.

The boy was living a wet dream, almost ready to ejaculate, his orgasm quickly
building. He looked at her slender body with a smile as the brunette bobbed her
head from the tip of his cock to way down his pole, until her lips were touching
his balls. When the girl rose her horny blue eyes to him, with her lips still
tightly holding his prick, he lost his hold and creamy jets of cum immediately
started pumping into Linda's mouth. Nigel was so hot that he splashed a huge
volume of jism in the schoolgirl's mouth, more than any single man she had
sucked. The schoolgirl was so hungry she eagerly swallowed it all, her body
rocking with mighty orgasms.

She took the member out of her mouth, a line of sticky cum going to her lips,
and smiled to Nigel, who was looking at her, stunned from his orgasm. "You were
so sweet..." she licked her lips, taking the sperm line in her mouth and
swallowing it, then procceding to clean his penis with her tongue, even licking
his balls, as a kind of reward.

Still kneeling beside him and kissing gently his now flacid cock, Linda donned
her bra and buttoned up herself, in moments she was standing up and stepping
away as if nothing unusual had happened. The busty brunette turned back,
striking a sexy pose, to say "I loved to suck you Nigel... I want to do it
again, just don't tell anyone... nobody! Right?"

"Y-yes! Sure!" He was gleamming just to think of doing it again.

"I'll come looking for you soon. If anyone asks we'll say that our mothers are
friends and we just discovered it, ok?" Linda said already going away.

"Ok, no problem. WOW!"

The girl composed herself and went back to the class, managing to act normaly
during the rest of the school hours. She secretly slipped Nicole's pill in her
drink and reinforced the sugestions of horniness about older men and her desire
to please her father. She also invited Debbie to spend the day in her house, she
wanted to talk more about boys and men's cocks. Debbie accepted without thinking
twice, completely under her control.

Chapter 5 - Debbie Finds Her Special Man

Debbie and Linda spent the best part of the afternoon talking in the brunete's
room, still in their school uniforms. They always ended up talking about men and
sex and both were very horny as the doorbell rang. Linda went to the door and
greeted Max, conducting him to the waiting room, then returned to Debbie.

"Hey Debbie! A friend of Mom is here, and he's such a hunk! I even think he
might be the right man for you, I'm not sure, but..."

The small girl jumped to her feet, excited at the words, not noticing how
meaningless they were.

"REALLY?! Oh, Linda... I-I must go see him... do I look good?"

"Yeah... I just think you should take off your bra, you know... to make the most
of your small breasts."

Debbie felt inadequate and was very sad, but she took off her bra and freed her
hard nipples.

"Why don't you use this blouse? Your breasts will look better on it."

Linda told her, showing a sheer see-through blouse. Debbie donned it happly,
thinking it became her as it displayed her pointy and firm teen breasts,
completely visible through the transparent fabric.

Linda also took out her bra and left her shirt's last three buttons undone,
showing her ample cleavage. They walked to the waiting room and each sat on to
one side of the man, Debbie to the right and Linda to the left. They started
some small talk, ocasionally brushing their young mounds in his arm. Debbie was
entusiasthicly talking, moving her shoulders to make her firm small tits jiggle,
her tender nipples clearly visible through her thin blouse.

Linda casually brushed her hand in his lap, feeling his hard cock.

"Oh, Max... what is it?" she said as she grabbed his erection, Debbie stood open
eyed at her friend's brashness.

"Are you this hard because of us? What would mom think if she saw it?" The
smaller girl was staring at his crotch, already very excited.

"She would be proud to have such a beautiful girl, who can excite so much a
grown man. You two can drive any man crazy with your hot bodies in that school
uniform... do you know that?"

"Oh, Max, thank you... but it's so hard! Give me your hand Debbie" she took her
friends hand in hers and guided it to his crotch. "Can you feel how hard is it?"

"Y-yes" it was the first time she touched a cock, and she was so hot! The girl
was grabbing it through the pants with delight. She saw Linda openning the top
of his zipper. 'W-what are you doing Linda!?" the petite girl asked while the
brunete fingers were pulling the top of his underwear, revealing the cock's
head.

Linda was smiling, the cockhead still hardly visible. "Hey Debbie... have you
ever seen it?

The tip of a man's cock?" she saw the girl wide eyed moving her head "no". "Oh,
I think Max will love to show us his dick!" Linda said as she pulled out his
pants, he lifted his hips and slid them past his knees. His cock popped up
against his belly. Debbie was stunned, it was just away more than she had
expected!

"Come on girl, don't be shy, touch it." The petite schoolgirl touched it, and
soon had her hand wraped around the stiff shaft. "That's it Debbie! Now move it
up and down... it makes him feel good..."

The other girl obeyed with an uncertain face, undecided if it was right or
wrong. "You're masturbating him... and you're doing fine, you're a natural!"
Linda's hands started to undo Debbie blouse's buttons.

"W-WHAT? What are you doing Linda?!" the smaller girl asked surprised, but still
moving her hand on the swollen member.

"Come on Debbie! We're only having a little fun! And he already have showed his
penis... it's only fair that we show him our tits! And what if... what if he's
the right man?" Linda noticed that she was not completely convinced, but didn't
press the point. Her B-cupped firm tits soon were open to his view, as the
blouse stood open. He put a arm over her shoulders and started fondling her
right breast.

The small girl was unsure, she didn't know if this guy was the "right man", and
she was already with his cock pulsating in her slender hand, and his fingers
were fondling her right tit!

She listened with complete attention to Linda, waiting her jugdment about this
guy, was he the special one? But as her friend continued to talk the doubt
persisted "kiss it girl... start kissing the tip..."

Debbie was fascinated, she started to lick her lips, her weak mind already
accepted the cocksucking sugestions. She arched her back, adjusting herself on
the sofa, laying on it, and started to kiss his big, purple cockhead, licking it
with passion, loving every moment as she was finally fully obeying her
suggestions.

Linda wanted more, and ordered her "Now open your mouth, you're going to suck
his big adult dick, don't you want it?"

"I... I don't know..."

"DEBBIE! Don't you like this big older-man cock?

"Y-yes" the cute brown haired girl said, the pulsating member a inch from her
lips.

"His penis is so yummy! Wouldn't you love to feel it's purple head inside your
mouth?"

"Yes!" The petite schoolgirl agreed. Her lips open, almost ready to swallow his
adult manhood.

"Then tell me girl! Tell me what you want!" Linda had just broken her
resistence.

"I want to suck this adult cock! I-I want it! Y-yes, I want it sooo much!" and
she took it into her mouth, savouring the salty taste, reacting as she was
programed to.

Linda knelt by her side, her lips speaking softly to her friend's ear "move your
head up and down on this grown man's dick, you love to suck it! You're such a
good cocksucker! But what you really want is this adult shaft in your pussy...
and in your asshole too!" Debbie was loving to suck cock, she licked it's purple
head, rubbed the pole against her lips and swallowed it as far as she could.

Rising the brown haired girl's plaided skirt Linda grabbed the top of her
friend's panties, trying to pull it, but also showing Max her friend's fantastic
full butt and hips "Hush, let me help you with your panties." The girl's big
green eyes showed fear and she moved her head saying "no" with Max's erection
still into her mouth. Linda took her panties off anyway, seeing they were
totally wet.

The brunete continued to speak "You want sooo much to be assfucked, you would
even beg him to do it... because..." the brown haired girl was listening atently
as she fellated the man "...because he is the one, he is the SPECIAL MAN FOR YOU
DEBBIE!!"

The cute petite girl almost passed out of pure happiness, she had an imediate
orgasm, and gagged as she tried to speak with his cock on her mouth. Raising her
head she begged him with all her heart "OH, MISTER! Pleeaase fuck my pussy! I
need to feel you taking my cherry... I want to loose my virginity to you...
please, put your penis inside me, pleeeaaase!!" her green eyes were huge as she
pleadded, looking directly to his face.

"If you want it so much young lady, you can do it yourself..." Max said smiling.
"If you want my cock, sit on it... you are going to take away your own cherry."

"Oh... I can't believe it! Thank you sir, I'll sit on your big cock... I'll do
my best!" Debbie was delighted, with a big smile in her childish face she lifted
her face from his pulsating cock, and moved her body to his erection, lifting
her plaid skirt. Swinging one shapelly leg over his lap she straddled him,
placing her quivering pussy over the blood-engorged head of his cock.

Her too slender upside was close to his body, as she placed her arms on his
shoulders. She looked like a twelve years old from her thin belly up. But her
wide hips were bigger than Linda's slim ones, and seamed more capable to engulf
his erect member. She gasped in fascination when a string of her juice fell from
her pussy lips to land on the purple bulb as she orgasmed just from the feel of
his cock touching her slit and his hands grabbing her full round butt.

Debbie tried to capture Max's cock with her pussy. He didn't think she could
take him inside by herself, as her virgin slit was too tight for his bulbous
cock. She lowered and raised her ass trying to get his stiff penis to enter her,
and nearly cried out in frustration as it kept sliding up between ass cheeks or
went skimming across her aching vagina brushing against her clit. She wanted so
much to feel him inside her. He was the RIGHT ONE! Linda said so!

But she was too inexperienced to do it, uncapable to capture his manhood until
she released his neck. With one hand she started to work three fingers into her
incredibly tight pussy, openning it as much as she was able. The other hand was
wrapped around his rock hard manhood, guiding it to her slit.

His cockhead started to enter her pussy lips with difficulty, but she was crying
in delight! She felt great when his crown pass completely though the pink
opening, her inner walls hugging it tightly.

She slowly impaled herself on his prick, taking each inch as a conquest, his
pole disappearing inside her wet cunt.

"That's it Debbie." Linda wispered in her ear. "take him inside you, take all
his big adult cock inside your tiny teenage pussy!" The brunet then lowered her
body, until her head was level with his crotch, watching in fascination at her
friend's penetration, also licking Max's balls, dreaming about the yummy sperm
inside it.

She continued to spear herself and spent several minutes slowly pressing her
hips downward until she felt her pussy lips hit his balls. She had taken him all
inside! Debbie was so proud, she was gleaming as his hands forced her to move
back and forth in his erection, she quickly got the rythm, and grabbed his
shoulders again as she moved up and down on him. Her virginal blood going to his
balls.

Soon she was bobbing from the tip of his cock to it's base, the wide hips
engulfing all of his manhood with glee, her inner walls still tightly pressing
his member. She was moving increasingly faster, flocks of her beautiful light
brown hair in her face, almost hidding her bright green eyes and with a constant
big smile on her face. Her open blouse swaying wildly, her skirt pulled high in
her stomach and the small firm breasts slapping him in the chest and face as
they bounced in her chest.

When Max took her hair out of the way and kissed her mouth, the tongues meeting
in a hot kiss, she had a powerful orgasm.

As he broke the kiss she started to say in her high pitched little girl's voice
"Oh Max! I love you! Linda was right, you are the one... I'll do whatever you
want!" She didn't even broked the rythm, moving her hips eagerly up and down on
his pole, her breasts still bouncing with the movement, hitting his face and
chest.

"Yes, my darling, I kow you will..." Max said on her ear. "But now I want more
of you, I want the best thing you have to offer me, my little slut..."

It took her a minute to understand, then she said happly "My ass... you want to
fuck my asshole! Oh, it's so nasty... please Max, fuck my ass, I want to feel
your cock inside my butt...

Pleeaaase!!"

Linda was impressed at the speed that the suggestions had worked on her friend.
Just the last week she was a naive girl who was embarassed to talk about sex,
now she was a wanton slut, begging to be fucked in the ass.

"Of course I'll fuck your ass Debbie." Max assured her. "Just put your asshole
on my cock...

come on, do it."

She slowly raised her body from his slimy shaft, feeling it leave her pussy, but
quickly placed it's crown at the opening of the anus and tried to push it in. It
was too tight. She spit in her hand and drooled it on the crown and tried again.
Still too tight. Her fifteen years old virgin asshole seemed to be too small for
the adult penis.

But she didn't give up. The small girl rammed it hard, getting just the tip in,
sending pain which felt like a knife impaling her body all the way up to the top
of her head. She screamed and held the cock head inside her, even though her
body was trying to expel the intruder. An unatural pleasure rocked her as she
was obeying her stronger suggestion.

Max could see the girl's body sticky with sweat, she looked him in the eye with
her lovely innocent face and smiled, even feeling a lot of pain. She was so
cute, a pity she had such small boobs, he thought.

She put more spit on her fingers and wetted the next couple of inches, which she
pushed in with similar, but slightly less pain. The small girl grabbed the back
of the sofa and pushed hard, sliding a little more of his pole inside her tiny
opening, her teeth clenched with her effort as she slowly pushed her butt all
the way to the hilt of his adult cock.

She felt great as she conquered the huge penis, but soon his hands were on her
ass cheeks, starting to rise her butt again. As she felt a tremendous horniness
at being ass fucked, Debbie flexed her muscular legs, lifting herself until she
was almost entirely empty, just the tip stayed in, then lowered herself back
onto the rigid shaft, impaling herself again. She repeated this over and over,
faster and faster, the pain lessening and the anal penetration becaming actually
pleasurable. Soon she was madly hopping on his lap once again, her once virgin
ass stretched to accept his hard cock. Debbie started to feel a incredible
pleasure, climaxing twice while bouncing on his prick, the suggestions were
completely in charge now.

Max was delighted at the sight of her childish face, her green eyes showed she
was lost in formerly unknown pleasures. He arched his back, and groanned loud as
the orgasm hit him. Debbie had became a assfucking slut and was rewarded with a
big load of cum inside her tight asshole.

The small girl had another huge orgasm as she felt his hot cum filling her
inside, she almost collapsed from her climax, very tired with her sexual
efforts. Max soon urged her out of him and she ended up sitting on the floor in
front of him, the sperm falling from her ass crack, his flacid penis still
sporting some cum. Linda saw the semen and tried to resist it, but she was too
near it and the smell got to her nose, making the schoolgirl loose her mind. She
got on all fours on the sofa, lowering her head to suck Max's cock, relieved
that it didn't had some vile taste, licking all of the sperm still in it.

He quickly got very hard again, with a cruel smile in his lips. He grabed Linda
by the hair as she was feeling the sperm induced orgasms, and forced her out of
the sofa, making her kneel in front of it and guiding her head to Debbie's ass
crack, wich was still spilling semen. The brunet's head soon was down on the
floor, licking the cum on it and in her friend's butthole, while her hips and
ass were high, as she was still kneeling. The large chested teenager could feel
the cold floor touching her nipples as her my boobs hung down. Max ripped her
blouse, slapped her hard on the butt, and lifted her skirt, ripping her panties
also. The girl was too high on the cum orgasms to be even worried.

He placed his cock in the entrance of her pussy and roughly rammed it. Moving
his hips very fast, he was fucking hard her cunt, his dick almost exiting it
then going all the way to his balls, his groin hitting her buttocks were making
loud 'splash' sounds.

Slowly, Linda regained her conscience. Having just swallowed sperm she was aware
of how rough this fucking was. Recently she had been constantly wet, but even so
this violent act was very unpleasant, she felt like being raped.

"M-Max?! Wh-what are you d-doing... you're d-doing it too hard! Please, I'm...
Ugh!" she said as he continued his rough banging.

"You see, I wanted you to be thinking straight to see what you've just done. You
helped me fuck your best friend in the ass! In fact you did all the work, you
turned into a crazy slut!" He was satisfied as he saw her crying while trying to
escape him. "You are a slutty treacherous cocksucker Linda... do you like what
you had become?"

The schoolgirl couldn't even speak as shame and humiliation controlled her, the
regreat almost palpable. She saw Debbie just sitting in the floor, subdued and
masturbating to the scene.

He let her fight him for a moment enjoying it, them put his hand, full of dry
sperm in her nose and mouth, changing her into the cum addict in the same
moment, she was already an advanced case.

Linda was fighting the cum lust and was clearly loosing. "You want my cum again
slut?" he said as he kept fucking her, the girl no longer fighting him.

"Y-yes" she said in a low voice.

"Speak louder, so your friend can hear you"

"I-I want your c-cum!" she said loud and clearly.

"Then speak to your friend what she had become, in datails!" he demanded.

"D-Debbie, you are a cock crazy slut, who loves to suck cock and be ass fucked!
You will be helplessly dominated by your lust and have the hot for old guys,
you'll want to fuck every older man you see, your neighbour Carl, your father,
the teachers, any one... I'm sorry... I turned you into a whore! You're much
worse than Marcy now... I'm so sorry" As this obscenities tripped from her lips
Max took his cock out of her. Debbie was just smiling, mindlessly playing with
her pussy, gently masturbating, the words didn't seem to have affected her.

Linda felt his prick touching her anus, pressing against her tiny virgin hole,
his handsgrabbing her butt cheeks, opening them widely. "Now it's your time to
feel my cock inside your ass!" He said as he pushed his penis inside her. The
brunet felt the tip entering her virgin asshole with difficulty, a great pain
passing through all her body, she took her shreddeded shirt and bitted it to
lessen the suffering.

Her head was still down on the floor and her big C-cupped boobs still squashed
against it.

Her hips were not as wide as Debbie's, she was a slender girl, and she was
experiencing much pain as he slowly slidded inch by inch his big adult cock
inside her small opening. It seemed impossibly long, just as when he took her
pussy cherry, the pole stretching her anus to the limit as it hugged the cock
like a glove. The pain was so strong that Linda was almost relieved as she felt
his balls slapping her pussy lips, he was all inside! But she soon felt him
moving his hips, his hands on her waist now, guiding it as he went back and
forth. Her still squashed big breasts, were moving, brushing against the floor.

Unbelivably, she was getting used in moments to the feel of the hard cock
stabbing her tiny asshole, and was begining to like it, as she was feeling the
effects of the cum addiction.

Max slapped her butt cheek, but not in a painfull way, and fucked her
increasingly faster, the cock almost going out of her crack just to go back all
the way to the hilt. Linda was having new and not unpleasant feelings and was
moving her hips to match his, already loving to be butt-impaled in his stiff
manhood. She raised her head, flexing her arms, getting in a doggy style
position, moaning with demented lust, already thinking about his semen.

Linda could feel the cold floor brushing across her nipples as her ample mounds
hung down, swinging as she moved to please Max. Her bouncing boobs were a great
spectacle and catched Debbie's attention, who said "It's so cool! I wish I had
big tits just to feel them wiggle like this..."

"Come here Debbie" said Max. "lay on the floor and suck your friend's nipples
like the good girl you are."

Debbie nodded her agreement even as she was groaning with the pleasure she was
feeling just to be close to Max again. She layed on her back below Linda's
jiggling boobs, and soon she was cupping them and sucking the nipples, making
the brunet experience small orgasms.

Max kept this position for some time then called Debbie again. "Debbie, my
slutty little girl, move up Linda's body... put your head between her legs." He
saw the petite girl moving, still laying on her back, until her head was
positioned between her friends legs "Suck it!" Understanding what she was to do,
the small schoolgirl started to lick Linda's clit, driving the brunet insane
with lust. "That's it my girl... now Linda, lick her too... it's only fair to do
the same thing to your friend" He seemed satisfied as the big chested schoolgirl
started to lick debbies pussy.

In a few minutes he was almost cumming, saying "Debbie, I'll spurt my cum in
your mouth..."

Linda felt desperation, she wanted all the semen in her mouth, but was relieved
when he continued

"...and you have to hold it all inside it, because you'll spit it all into
Linda's mouth. OH! I'm..." Max wasn't able to hold any longer. He took the
swelling cock out of Linda's slit and pointed it at Debbies mouth, ejaculating
before his manhood could enter the green eyed girl's lips. Most of this first
jet entered the mouth, but some formed a thick and sticky blob on her face, but
the other spurts were already inside her mouth filling it nicely with hot semen.
The formerly naive schoolgirl transferred the hot and salty sperm tongue to
mouth to Linda to enjoy, the brunet also licked her friend's face clean of the
cum blob, as she was lost in a heavy mind bending orgasm.

Max stayed a little more time caressing the young bodies and letting them lick
him, but he soon dressed up and prepared to go away. But first he injected some
green substance in Debbie's ass cheeks and turned to speak to Linda. "Tomorrow I
won't be with you... but you'll go to Nicole's house and help her... with her
family problem. It'll probably need two visits. I'll be looking foward to hear
the story."

Linda knew what she was to do tomorrow. She was going to turn Nicole, her other
dearest friend into mr Devoux's fucktoy. She was going to destroy the prude,
religious girl.

Chapter 6 - Learning How To Make Daddy Happy

Linda's butt was still quite sore, she was changing from one painful sitting
position to another in her first class today, and Max's rough anal penetration
was a constant memory in her mind. Debbie was amazingly happy today, she talked
dreamily about her butt fuck, looking as if not feeling the slightest pain from
the act. The brunet noticed the big butted girl's dress was much shorter than
her usual ones, displaying her legs and ass to every boy's stare.

The petite girl also told her friend how her neighbour, Carl, stared at her when
they met in the elevator, almost drooling at her teenage body in the school
uniform. The green eyed girl said he had invited her to visit him in the
Wednesday night, to get her father's tools back, or so he said. Debbie knew it
was his wife's night shift, she was a nurse, but promptly accepted. And told her
friend that she made sure to give her ass a couple of extra twists as she walked
away from him, acting in a wanton, slutty way.

Both schoolgirls were worried about Nicole. She was late, and it was very
unusual. Linda, under the effect of her addiction suppressing pill, was more
than a little concerned. She felt responsible for her prude friend's suffering,
and had bad feelings about what could have happened to Nick.

The voluptuous brunette finally entered the class when it was almost over,
sitting by Linda's side. She was as sad as yesterday, and clearly had been
crying. The blue eyed girl waited impatiently until the teacher dismissed the
class to talk to her religious friend, Debbie also very worried by her side.
"What happened? Was it your father again?" Linda asked, already knowing the
answer.

"Y-yes, it was my father again." The three young schoolgirls moved to a corner,
far from other people's ears, and Nicole told her story. "He went to my room
again this morning dressed in his smart suits, I was already awake, using one of
my night gowns. He opened the door scaring me; I was worried that mom would see
something and... and discover my... my sins... I..."

Nicole almost exploded "I am so horny today! I had m-masturbated, I never do
this! Sorry... let me go on." She wiped a tear and continued. "My breasts were
free in the gown, my nipples were so hard they were pushing up the garment, it
is short, going just to my hips, barely covering my crotch, and I was not using
panties... I took it off when I masturbated.

Linda could see the disaster coming "I told him to go away, that mom would see
us, and he just said that she had already left, that we were alone. I was so
afraid... but also so excited! My pussy got all wet just to be in this sinful
situation. I started to cry and told him: "I'm so sorry dad, I didn't mean to
hurt you, and all I want is to be your loving and obedient girl" I said a lot
more, but he stood silently, staring at me. I could see his eyes ogling my
mounds and my legs. I couldn't stand it any longer, I turned my back on him as I
sobbed in shame, still wishing to hug him and let him do anything he wanted with
me."

Linda was almost crying herself; the guilt was building inside her. She was
about to complete Nick's transformation into a cock crazy slut, and the girl's
resistance had been heroic to say the least. "Then he grabbed me from behind,
his body pressed against mine, his hands on my chest, pinching my nipples. Then
he pulled off my gown... I wanted to fight it, but I couldn't, I just let him
handle me. I was completely naked with my back facing him."

"I felt one of his hands going to his zipper and heard him opening it. Shortly
his hard penis was between my legs, brushing against my slit. He said "I just
want to show you how much I love you my child, let me do something special with
you darling" I almost yelled "YES!

I want it so much!" Then my father forced me to the bed and opened my legs, he
climbed on top of me and guided his stiff cock to my pussy. I started to cry and
beg him not to do this, I even tried to escape him but he kept me in place and
started to force his big cockhead inside my wet slit, the tip almost breaking
in..."

"HAS HE FUCKED YOU!?" Linda asked in despair.

"NO! Thanks god mom had forgotten her house keys and was ringing the bell and
knocking at the door, calling me. He quickly got to his bathroom. Mom met him
and thought it strange that he was so late to work. They went away together, but
today she has a church meeting, and I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm going
to be alone with him for hours... Oh God! I don't want to be raped by my father!
But I cannot fight it! What am I going to do?"

"I'll help you Nick." Linda answered. "I'll go to your house and we will
confront him together!"

Her friend was so happy they ended up embracing, tears rolling on both girls'
cheeks. Linda was going to make it as comfortable as possible to Nicole. She
would learn to like it, and even have a lot of pleasure with her father, it was
the best she could do.

As always she slipped Nicole's pill in her drink and returned home already
thirsting for sperm. She tried to find that sweet Nigel boy, but he was nowhere
to be seen.



She was at Nicole's house at 6 PM. Her father was about to come home anytime.
Her mother already was in the church meeting, and wouldn't be home until at
least 10 o'clock. They talked for almost an hour, sitting on her bed. Nicole was
very worried about what could happen today.

The drug she unknowing swallowed in her drink this morning was making her very
horny and Linda discreetly slipped another suggestion pill in her friend's water
glass as they were chatting.

The blue eyed girl tested the other girl's resistance making her dress a new set
of cloths: white panties and an old white tank top that hugged her body,
stretched to its limits at her ample bust, and nothing more. Linda asked for
scissors and cut the top just bellow Nicole's breasts, until the bottom of her
boobs were showing almost to the nipples. Normally she would never agree with
such slutty outfit, so the drug was surely in full effect.

Linda also changed clothes herself, using only her tightest shorts and the small
bikini top, soon starting to guide her friend.

"Nick, I don't know, but... don't you love your father?' She asked, starting her
wicked logic, knowing that Nicole was much stronger willed than average.

"Yes Linda, of course I love him!" she said surprised. "But as his daughter, I
don't want to... to do "intimate stuff" with him! He's my dad. And it... it
would be incest!"

"That's right it would be incest. But sometimes we have to make decisions; do
you want to be a good daughter?"

"Yes!" she said indignated.

"Do you want to be an obedient daughter?"

"Of course I do!"

'Do you want to hurt your father?"

"Never! I want him to feel good, not to suffer."

"Nick! Can't you see that to be a good and obedient girl and make your dad happy
you have to commit incest?"

"WHAT?!"

"That's it... you have to choose between your father's love and happiness and
the purity of your body. Don't be self-righteous! You know what he wants... and
you know he will suffer a lot if you don't give him what he wants!"

"But it's wrong! It's a sin!"

"Are you telling me that's it's a sin to make your daddy happy? To obey him?"

"That's not it, it's just that... I mean... I-I don't know, I'm so confused!"

Heavy footsteps announced Mr Devoux's approaching, the girls falling in sudden
silence. Nicole trembling lightly of fear and excitement, confused by her
friend's words. "Nicole, I have to talk..." Her father said as he stepped into
the room in his formal suit, stopping when he saw Linda. The man shut up and got
an embarrassed and red face, he wasn't expecting her presence here. But he also
wasn't expecting the two girls dressed in such a revealing way. He stood open
mouthed for a minute, his face showing shame and excitement.

"Hi Mr Devoux, why don't you sit here with us?" Linda made way, so that he ended
up sitting between the girls.

"Linda what are you... had Nicole told you about... about..." He was stuttering
in fear.

"Don't worry Mr. Devoux; I'm here to help Nick." She said taking his hand "I
want her to be happy, I'm her friend!" The blue eyed beauty leaned, reaching for
her friend's hand. Linda made sure to press her boobs against his shoulders and
chest as she moved Nicole's hand to meet her father's, her own hand holding both
of them.

"She's very confused, but I know she's a good girl, and she don't want to hurt
you." Linda conducted their hands to his crotch, moving it so that Nicole's
fingers brushed casually his manhood, gently massaging it. The prude girl got
all red faced and wide eyed, but said nothing.

"I'm sure she wants to be the best daughter you could have. Do you want to be a
good daughter Nicole?"

"Y-yes."

"See? She loves you..." the massage was having a visible effect as the man's
phallus got harder and harder.

"I-I love you too, my little princess." Devoux said to his daughter, caressing
her hair, feeling her fingers rubbing hard his cock.

"Hear that? He loves you too..." Nicole was softly crying, her father's words
had a deep impact on her feelings, she felt lighter and relieved. "...it's your
time to show it Nick! Give him some display of your love. Make him feel good,
help him to relax... I know just the right thing to do... why don't you massage
his penis?" The religious girl couldn't fight it, she craved her dad's approval,
and it seemed intimate but still harmless enough. She started to massage his
erection with both hands, satisfied to see his happy face. But Linda had to move
on to the next phase.

"It must be so uncomfortable Mr Devoux! Now that your cock is so hard it must be
annoying to feel it inside your pants and briefs.

Why don't you take it out?" Nicole gasped and looked at Linda in despair.
"You're only massaging him Nick... making him relax... and he'll relax much more
if he's more comfortable. Don't you want him to be comfortable while you help
him relax?" Nicole nodded lightly, releasing his erection.

Her father started to take off his trousers. As he began unzipping the pants his
daughter felt her mouth and throat go dry. She stared directly at his hand and
her eyes glided down with the zipper. He reached inside his pants and the virgin
brunet gulped. She saw his hand moving around and almost snapped out, feeling
shame hitting her. The prude schoolgirl's father pulled out his hard cock. She
stared at it for a second before regaining her senses.

Linda's voice made her start to think again "now continue your massage, what are
you waiting for? Make your father feel good."

Nicole was almost crying, she trembled, her body incapable of moving. But the
blue eyed girl was not finished yet "come on Nick, grab his cock, I know you
want it... that's how you show him you are a good and obedient daughter." Nicole
slowly raised her arms, gently wrapping the stiff member in her hands, still
trembling. She begun to massage it anew, making him pulsate, the head purple
with hot blood.

"Now move it up and down." She started to masturbate him. Her ample mounds
moving slowly, braless inside her tiny top, making it ride up her breasts,
baring her nipples. She constantly used her left hand to adjust it, but it was
useless since the too short garment always went up again with the movement.
"Faster! See, he loves it... you're such a good daughter! Tell her Mr Devoux,
tell her what a good girl she is."

"OH! YEAH! Y-you're a good girl... I love you Nicole... I love when you take my
cock in your hand and...AH! It's so good!" The man was beyond caring.

Nicole was very horny; hear this word was enough to send her shivering with
lust. Her pussy was dripping wet and she couldn't take her eyes out of her
father's fully erect member.

Linda went to Nicole's side, sliding her hand between her friend's legs and
feeling the moisture in her slit. "I see you like it Nick! Tell me, do you like
it?"

"Yes! I love to make daddy feel good! He is so happy now!" the suggestions were
running fine in her mind, her father's approval working miracles to disrupt her
will power. She was moving her hand frantically, her hooters making a show of
they own as they bounced, slapping his arm and chest, the top always riding up
her breast. He already was taking off his cloth, finishing undoing his shirt's
last buttons.

"Now hear me well Nick... do you really want to be a good daughter?"

Nicole nodded weakly as she continued to move her hand on his pole.

"Do you really want your father to truly love you?' She nodded again, still not
stopping the hand job.

"Then take off your top! Show him your hot big tits!" Linda said and soon her
friend's hands stopped. She was motionless, again in internal battle. "Tell her
Mr Devoux; tell your daughter how much you want her to take off her top!"

Burning in lust he quickly started to talk "I want to see your breasts my
darling, I will be very happy if my little girl shows me her tits, please take
off your top!"

Reluctantly Nicole raised her hands to the bottom of the top, grabbing it.
Looking at her father's eye she made up her mind and raised the top just above
her nipples. Seeing his delight she smiled in pure happiness, she craved this
look in his face. The young girl finished the act, pulling the garment out,
showing the huge and firm teen mounds to her father, her luscious black hair
falling in front of her, half covering her impressive hooters.

She immediately returned to the hand job. Devoux was breathless as he admired
his daughter's generous forms, the large boobs now bouncing nude as her arm
moved in speed.

"That's perfect Nick! Kneel here, closer to his cock." She did as she was told,
not uncertain anymore. "Put his hard prick between your boobs! Just like that,
now press them against it" Nicole was moaning, she was so aroused that her
breasts' contact to his manhood was nearly causing her an orgasm. "Move it! Jack
him off with your big tits!" The young girl felt her first orgasm there,
kneeling in front of her father with his erect phallus inside her large boobs,
moving it up and down, making loud flapping sounds.

Linda wanted more "Now open your mouth and take his cock inside it!"

"NO!" Nicole said, stopping her breasts, his stiff penis still between them,
inches from her mouth.

"Come on Nick just suck him... I know you want it!"

"I-I'm sorry, but I can't do this" she started to cry. "Please daddy, I'm
sorry... I wanted to be a good girl... a good daughter, but I can't... I failed
you..."

Linda saw Devoux almost getting out of his bliss because of his daughter's
tears. Realizing that she had gone too quickly the girl tried to save the
situation. "You're doing fine Nick... really! You're trying very hard... now
don't be sad, can you kiss the tip of his penis?"

Nicole was feeling insecure and was ashamed of her failure, so she leaned in and
kissed it gently, being rewarded with a twitch. It swung away, then back toward
her face. She kissed it again as she moved her hand back to his erection.

Linda was relieved "Yes... just like that. Now rub it against your lips." Nick
kissed and rubbed the penis in her lips as if it were a lipstick, slowly sliding
her hand up and down the erect member. When he emitted a loud moan the blue eyed
girl said "See how he loves your lips? Why don't you try to lick him a little,
every man loves it!"

The formerly prude brunet opened her mouth and her tongue timidly came out,
liking his purple blood engorged head, extracting another loud moan and making
his body go stiff for a moment. "OH! Your father liked it! Lick more of his
cock, swirl your tongue on the tip." Nicole liked and kissed his manhood for
several minutes, gently masturbating it. She was very happy to see the effect of
her tongue and hands on her father, she felt like the best daughter in the
world, and, blushing, asked him.

"You really want me to put your penis in my mouth daddy?" Nicole asked rising
her eyes, giving him a submissive and loving look.

"Y-yes! I need to feel it in your mouth, please my darling take it in your
mouth!"

Linda said near his ear "So, You want your own daughter to give you a blow job?"

"YES! I want her to give me a blow job!" he almost yelled.

"Will you do it Nick? Will you be able to give what your father most desire?"
Linda teased her, but Nicole seemed too uncertain, it wasn't looking like it
would work. Suddenly the big titted Christian girl leaned forward, swallowing
deeply with fear and desire. She opened her mouth a bit, and approached the
cock's head slowly to her lips, but couldn't bring herself to close them around
it. His cock head was inside her mouth, but her lips still weren't touching his
pole. The prude girl stood undecided for a moment, still trembling lightly.

She was about to take it out of her mouth when Linda demanded "It makes him feel
sooo good! Tell her Mr Devoux... your daughter don't know how good it feels...
TELL HER!"

The man was completely out of his mind, he was so hot that he would do and say
anything to make her suck his cock. "Y-you're making me so horny my princess...
close your lips! Suck my dick! I want it so much my darling..." Nicole closed
her lips, engulfing his stiff manhood "YES! Just like that...OH!" he was in
heaven, and the look of his pleasure assured his daughter's cooperation.

"PERFECT! I knew you could do it girl!" Linda said while hugging her friend, her
big boobs squashed against the other brunet's shoulders and back. "Now you will
start to REALLY give him pleasure! Wrap your lips around his cock... be careful
with the teeth... now move your mouth up and down his pole." She instructed her
friend as Mr Devoux body was contorting in pleasure, his delight clearly
showing.

Nicole couldn't believe she was giving head to her father, it was so wrong! But
he was feeling such pleasure as it slid into her mouth, he was getting even
harder as she sucked and licked his cock. Soon it was at full mast, and she was
giving her father the blowjob of a lifetime... she, his only daughter.

The nastiness of the situation and Linda's hand that were masturbating her, made
the girl reach another orgasm, one climax even stronger than the first.

Her uncertainty was gone, any doubts were over. She was sure that she was doing
the right thing; she was obeying and pleasing her father. A new naughty feeling
was taking hold of the religious girl, she was ready to do anything to be the
perfect lover to her dad, and it made Nicole even hornier just to think of it,
of obeying him.

She took his cock out of her mouth and started to talk dirty, "Are you ready to
cum for me Dad? Didn't think your little girl would suck her daddy's cock, did
you?"

"N-no, I didn't" he confessed as she took his cock inside again, swallowing as
much as she could of his pole and returning to its tip.

"Do you like it? Did I do it good Daddy?" she said as the fully erect member
left her head again, still being rapidly jerked off by the brunet's hand. Nicole
was licking his balls as she waited his answer.

"Yes! It's the best blow job of my life... oh god, I love it."

She talked in a sexy voice, looking to his eye "Are you ready to shoot your load
down your Nicky's throat? Is that what you want Daddy? You want to cum in your
daughter's hot little mouth?" and returned to give head in glee. Saying such
perverted things was something Nicole never had done before, but was feeling
pleasure shivers just from talking like this.

The man was living the most erotic moment of his life. He tried to hold on a
little longer, but his daughter's nasty words sent him over the edge His hard
cock started to swell and shortly he was ejaculating gallons of cum in her mouth
and throat. Nicole was so surprised she gagged with the semen and leaned back,
the spurting phallus and the jism leaving her open lips. A new jet of sperm hit
her full in the face, leaving large lines and blobs of cum in it. As she leaned
farther from his phallus it started to hit her neck and the huge breasts. Nicole
came again just from the hot feel of the situation.

Linda couldn't believe Mr Devoux had released all that sperm in Nick's body; it
was a very impressive volume of the hot and sticky jizz. She urged the girl to
stay very still while her father ended his cum spurting. The blue eyed
schoolgirl was salivating at the sight, longing to drink all that hot and salty
man-juice.

Nicole looked at her with still innocent eyes, waiting to be told what to do,
but Linda was in her own world of pure sperm lust and, as soon as he finished
the ejaculation, she proceeded to clean the jism from her friend's body. She
started by licking and sucking the ample cum covered boobs. Linda was in heaven
as she took the sperm in her mouth, and only after countless orgasms she had
managed to notice Nicole staring at her, wide eyed and visibly blushing.

The girl was shocked. She had sipped his semen once, and even liked the taste,
but it still looked too unnatural to her "L-Linda, what are you doing? What I...
oh my god! You're swallowing his Sperm!"

Linda them whispered in her ear, guiding with her fingers a big rope of sticky
hot cum in Nicole's head to the girl's mouth "Come on Nick, taste your daddy's
yummy cum..."

"NO!" she said turning her head, refusing the semen.

"Don't be a fool Nick, You love his taste, it's so yummy. You long for it, you
crave this flavour. Sperm is delicious to you!" Linda realized it wasn't going
to work and urged the girl's father to help her "Tell your daughter you want her
to do it Mr Devoux!"

He complied, still weak from the draining orgasm. "Yes princess, I want you to
swallow it all, do as she says."

Nicole looked at his face with subdued big eyes and opened her mouth, feeling
Linda feed her the hot cum. She liked the taste; it was just that she thought it
weird... drinking body fluids! But if her father wanted her to swallow cum, she
would gladly do it.

The black eyed schoolgirl soon was eating his sperm with glee, even sucking her
friend's fingers as they were leaving her mouth, trying to taste more of the
liquid. Linda laughed and said. "You're still hungry! I'm sure your father will
feed you more cum very soon! And probably every day too!"

Nicole dreamily spoke "Yes daddy, if you want I can suck you every day... I want
you to be happy." she looked him with a sexy and inviting face "Are you happy
with your little girl? Am I a good daughter?"

"Yes my princess" he answered with a broad and satisfied smile. "You are the
best daughter a man could have."

She gleamed at his words, the three of them exchanging kisses and gentle
touches. They lay in the bed for some minutes lazily caressing each other,
Nicole ended up kissing and licking her dad's flaccid prick while she
masturbated herself, and Linda got on her hands and knees, her firm big mounds
hanging down on Mr. Devoux sucking mouth. But the blue eyed brunet had to go
home, leaving the duo to themselves as the man's cock begun to grow again in his
daughter's mouth.

Linda turned and spoke as she was leaving "Next time your mom has a church
meeting you call me Nick. I still have a lot of tricks to teach you." And saw
her fifteen years old bashful and religious friend madly bobbing her head back
and forth on her father's cock.

Chapter 7 -Three Sluts Make Their Plans For the Day

Linda woke up in great shape, she was feeling healthy and full of energy. But
also was experiencing the greatest thirst she ever felt, and the teen knew what
it meant. If there were any man left in the house she would gladly suck him dry.
But Linda was alone with Kate, who had prepared the breakfeast and was already
leaving for the clothes store, handing her daughter the addiction supressing
pill.It felt hopeless; she knew it wouldn't be enough. By 11 o'clock she would
be ready to become the fuck toy of anyone near her. But she had to face the
world and decided to go.

Nicole was the first person she met on school, the religious girl was gleaming
in happiness, and she was all smiles. It made Linda feel a little better, her
sexual initiation had turned to the better. "Hi Nick! You look so well, what
happened?" she asked.

"Can't you guess? Yesterday was wonderful, I've sucked my father again after you
left, this time it was so simple, I mean I knew it was not a wrong thing, it
made me so happy... and he was enjoying it so much! I bobbed my head up and down
on his penis until he came again. It was even better than before! It was like
the greatest thing I had ever tasted, I couldn't get enough of it. I was lying
on the bed, scooping his come into my mouth, feeling the rich and salty flavour;
it's so creamy and warm..."

Nicole was so glad that Linda felt relieved from a part of the guilt. But she
was to make her fuck her father as soon as possible and then... she would start
to serve other men.

"We pretended nothing had happened when mom got home. When I woke up she was
leaving and he was still getting dressed. My daddy entered my room and saw me in
my night grown. I was so excited... but I was afraid to go to him, but he walked
to me and hugged me, kissing my mouth for a long time. I could feel his hands
grabbing my butt, and he broke the kiss to handle my breasts... it felt so hot!
Then he lowered his head and sucked my breasts. I nearly came as I felt his lips
on my nipple, his tongue playing with it. One of his hands went to my pussy and
he started to rub my clit... it was sooo good! His other hand went to my butt,
handling it... then he stuck a finger inside my ass! It felt real strange,
but... but anything he does is all right, I just want him to love me, I want to
be his good and obedient daughter."

"I couldn't stand it any longer, so I dropped on my knees, and unzipped him."
The formerly bashful and religious girl was talking dreamily of sucking her own
father's dick, her nipples hard just to remember the scene. "It was half hard,
and got harder when I put it in my mouth. I gave head to him until he gave me
his delicious cum..."

"It sounds so nasty Nick! I'm glad you're happy with... with your new
relationship with your father" Linda lied.

"And guess what? He will skip work today, he'll be back at 2, and I will be
eagerly waiting for him!" she hugged Linda and continued "I am so grateful you
showed me how to please him, how to suck cock and drink sperm... thank you
Linda." The blue eyed girl was amazed at the drugs power, the pure Christian
girl of a week ago would NEVER thank someone for teaching her to suck cock and
eating cum! Nicole was already a cocksucker!

The blue eyed girl's mind was working at high speed... Nicole was going to spend
hours with her father; it was the perfect moment to make her loose her cherry,
maybe even both her cherries! "Oh Nick! I'm so glad for you! But I think I still
have some tricks to teach you, to help you make your dad even happier! Please,
let me be with you today."

"I don't know, but... it was you that helped me to be this way... I guess you
can go, my dad will like it."

"Thanks my friend." And the two of them hugged again. Linda knew her friend was
ready for the final submission, the religious and caste schoolgirl was already
her own father's cocksucker, now it was time for her to become his fucktoy.

Debbie arrived shortly after, lost in a world of dumb hapyness, she was wearing
a too short skirt, it nearly couldn't cover her big bubble butt, and was clearly
flirting with all the teachers. The girl was in high spirits and told her
friends she had planned to see Carl this very day, and was ready to test the
man's reaction to the dirtiest flirting possible. Linda was sure she would end
up fucked in the ass again, and loving it...

Once they had been two bashful and naive girls, now they were cockcrazy sluts,
and inda knew who was responsable for that. She did it, she betrayed her
friends!

Chapter 8 - At Carl's apartment

Debbie had been thinking about Carl all the week, since she had discovered the
pleasures of sex, especially anal sex, she had been dreaming to discover how
Carl's cock would feel inside her tight butt!

The tiny teen decided she had waited long enough, and some minutes later she was
getting ready to get her "date", squeezing herself inside an old white dress,
too short for her now. It was still comfortably large in her torso, the straps
hanging loosely in her shoulders, but the garment was hugging tightly her
oversized hips and buttocks, going only to one inch bellow her crotch. The
fabric of this cloth was thin and, as she wasn't wearing a bra, the areolas were
nearly visible. She took one of her mother's skimpiest panties and was ready to
go.

Her father's friend opened the door and greeted her a little red faced, he
seemed to be embarrassed, but trying to hide it. Debbie thought it was cute and
unexpectedly she hugged him hard, squeezing her small teen body against his. The
man's hands went to her back, brushing against her butt cheeks for a second
before grabbing her slim waist.

"Hi, Carl. I came to take my daddy's tools." She talked to the older man who
seemed to be subdued by her side, afraid of what might happen. Debbie got inside
her father friend's apartment and soon was in his living room, in front of the
man, delicious in her short dress, the nipples were hard, showing two points
through the fabric.

"H-hi Debbie, come with me, they are on my room." He conducted her to his
bedroom; it was a typically furnished one. The only remarkable feature was an
inclined board used for abdominal exercises, it held the feet up in a strap, and
the person worked her torso upwards.

"That's cool!" she said approaching the equipment. "Can I use it Carl? Just a
little, pleeeaaase?" she leaned against him as she asked, her small hands
grabbing his hips, and her big green eyes looking up to his face.

He wanted to resist the temptation; she was his best friend's daughter! Carl
felt like betraying his buddy just to look in lust at her hot young body. She
was turning him on, his cock swelling as she stood so near him. He wanted to
send her away as soon as possible, hoping the erection was not visible yet. But
the man felt his resolve slipping away, and said "O-ok, try it."

She moved to position and tried to do the exercises, but the board was adjusted
to the man's big legs and feet. So she had to ask him to grab her feet to do the
torso movement correctly. He was holding her feet in his hands as the girl went
up and down with her gymnastics-practitioner easy; she didn't seem to be getting
tired at all as she did it! But the too short hem line of her dress was getting
down, baring her thighs as she moved her athletic body. Carl, looking down on
her, was in the perfect position to see her crotch; the white panties were
nearly tucked inside her slit! The girl started to sweat with all the effort,
the dress getting moist, clinging to her body, outlining the shape and size of
her breasts and her perspiration making the fabric more and more translucent.

Carl gasped as she was able to see her big and hard nipples through the wet
garment, and released her feet. "Well, I think it's enough Debbie, I..."

She started to rise from the board, but first the teen opened her legs, one to
each side of it, fully showing her panties to the man, then she lifted herself
and got very near him. She managed to get the thin straps almost falling from
both her shoulders, the breasts nearly pocking out of the low cut neckline.

He gasped again, but continued. "I have some work to do, and you'd better go
home..." The adult man was clearly ogling the young body, the erection in his
crutch denouncing the hot state of his body.

"What's the problem Carl? Have I done something wrong?" The girl moved her torso
from one side to another, as if nervous, making her pert teen boobs sway, and
causing the strap to come even closer to the edge of her shoulders.

"No, you didn't. You just cannot stay here Debbie, we may get in trouble with
your father, and...,"

The older man was saying when the teen cut him off.

"Carl! I don't understand, I'm sorry if I've done something..." Debbie was
performing little jumps, like a too excited small child, and the straps finally
fell from her shoulders, her dress falling to the stomach, baring her boobs as
they bounced up and down. "OOPS! Sorry I'll just..." she started to grab the
straps as if trying to raise them again, but in fact just squeezing the sides of
her mounds with the arms.

The man was open mouthed, massaging his cock through his pants, and looking
directly to her tits.

He couldn't say any thing to send her away. "Oh god... they're beautiful!"

She smiled angelically saying "Do you like them Carl?" and cupped her breasts
from bellow, offering them.

"Y-yes, I mean... No! It's wrong, we can't" he was in complete confusion! His
horny body wanted to grab her, and his loyalty demanded the end of this madness.

"Is it wrong to show my Bobbies sir?" she asked him. Her hand seemed to move by
itself, first to his thigh, then slowly, and shaking a little, upward until it
rested on just below his belt on his crotch. She looked at him to see his
response, as if seeking approval. "Don't you like my baby mounds, sir... my teen
titties?"

Her hand fondling his hard cock was too much for his will power, and when the
man heard her saying "Please come fondle my breasts! Squeeze my boobies' uncle
Carl!" his hands went directly to the firm and small glands.

"Carl, please come suckle me." He leaned his back and moved his head to the
short girl's erect nipple. "Oh, please come suck them, mister!" He took the
nipple into his mouth, and began to suck, reluctantly at first, then with vigour
as fear gave way to lust. His hands rubbing and squeezing one breast, as his
lips worked on the other, licking and sucking as if he could not get enough.

He broke the contact, taking a step back, his head spinning in confusion, and
managed to trip on his own bed, and ended up laying on it on his back. Debbie
straddled the startled man; slowly she put both hands upon his shoulders then
placed one knee next to him then the other. Carl realized it was his friend's
daughter seated directly upon his lap, her face an inch from his. It was lewd,
it was immoral but he was startled to admit, it was very sexy.

She wiggled towards him slightly and he nearly jumped when he felt the heat of
her crotch press against his own. His best friend's teen daughter was driving
him insane, and she broke all his resistance when she kissed him full in the
mouth, her wet panties rubbing on his erection.

Debbie knew what she wanted and moved her hands to his zipper, while still
kissing him on his top.

She soon was holding his manly rod on her small girl's hands, feeling its hot
and aroused state. The petite teen swiftly and with a grace due to her
gymnastics training removed her panties, forcing the grown man's cock to her
small pussy. He looked obviously aroused, his full erection made it clear, but
still uncertain and hesitating, still rubbing the tip of his prick to her slit
and kissing her mouth, but without the courage to go further.

Debbie felt his doubts and started to talk. "Please Uncle Carl; put your big
hard cock in my pussy!

Fuck my teen little cunt with your adult dick!" The girl teased him rubbing her
slit in his dick, letting the cockhead enter it a little, but never engulfing it
all.

Carl lost his adamant control and grabbed her waist, forcing her down as he
raised his hips, penetrating the young and nasty lolita. She moaned loudly,
making him bolder, and he started to slide his manhood up and down in her wet
vagina. Debbie loved the sexual act as she loved the flirting, starting to bob
frantically on his adult penis, and slapping her thighs against his hips in
their hard fuck.

When he was mad in lust fucking her teen cunt and kissing her mouth eagerly, the
schoolgirl let his cock slip out of her twat, and guided it with one hand to her
gapping asshole. She felt her body begging for anal sex, the small opening was
itching and pulsating. She was longing for another hard butt bang, and the teen
girl knew how she could satisfy this need.

Carl was open mouthed as the young girl, his best friend's daughter, forced her
asshole against his hard member. The small opening accepted it inch by inch,
slowly engulfing the man's rod. She soon got used to its length, and begun to
bounce on his lap, speeding up as her sphincter got used to the act. She pushed
her hips back at him ever time he lunged into her, wanting his cock deeper
inside her butt. They were both staring at each other now, knowing they were
both close, looking at each other's eyes.

The forbidden act was getting the older man even hotter, he realized she was too
young for him, and he knew she was the daughter of his friend, but the firm
bodied teen girl was giving him pleasures he hadn't felt in years! In few
minutes he was spurting a big load of pent up cum inside her eager bowels,
triggering the incredible orgasms she was now discovering.

She marvelled at the sensations of the super orgasms, more than a minute passed
with her body convulsing in pure pleasure. WOW! She thought, I had to get ass
fucked Everyday! It feels so nice! Debbie was ready to eagerly obey her
commands, fucking any older man who wanted her horny body.

The girl left Carl's apartment with weak knees and a happy smile, wondering if
she could do it everyday, she had to ask him...

Chapter 9

Nicole becomes the perfect daughter Linda arrived in Nicole's house with her
thirst for cum subdued, but still present. The girls chatted for almost an hour,
the religious girl telling her happiness about pleasing her father and the
orgasms she felt when fellating him.

Linda asked for some soft drink and convinced her friend to drink a glass too,
drugging her beverage again. Minutes later she was once more in a highly
receptive state. The blue eyed teen starting her suggestions "Nick, your father
must be so happy! You must be a great cocksucker! Tell me... are you a good
cocksucker?"

Nicole was still a little embarrassed about this word, but answered, even if red
faced "Y-yes, I think I am."

"You are what? Say it!" Her friend demanded.

"I'm a good cocksucker!"

"Good! You have to be the best cocksucker in the world to satisfy your father
just with it... you know, men like to have their cocks licked and sucked... but
they love so much to fuck a teen girl's pussy! They are even more turned on by
our butts; they crave the feeling of fucking our asses." Linda wanted her to
become ashamed of her shortcomings. "Well, since you don't let your father fuck
you then you must be real good in sucking. He must be eager to put his hard dick
inside you... but you deny yourself to him..."

"NO! I do what he wants, He doesn't seem to want it so bad, to..." Nicole spoke
upset.

"Don't be a fool Nick!" Linda cut her. "Remember when your father forced you on
the bed? He wanted to fuck you! You denied him your body! He loves you so much
that he's not pressing the point... since you love your cherry more than you
love your father."

"It's not like that! I... I just want to marry virgin; I want to give my cherry
to my special man, my husband."

"Do you love your father?' Linda started anew.

"Yes! Of course I do!"

"And you love him in a "special" way; we know that, don't we?"

"I-it's true, but..."

"But you cannot marry him Nick! Your father is the special man, but you cannot
marry your dad, so you do not make love with him... and he feels the same about
you!

He wants so much to lay you on the bed, open your legs and slid his manhood
inside your little girl pussy! But you do not allow it! You keep him frustrated;
you tease him by sucking his cock, but don't go all the way. You are being cruel
with your daddy Nick." Nicole was sobbing lightly now.

"I-I never realized it! I'm torturing him!"

"That's right; you never let him be truly fulfilled! But you can make things
right! You just have to let him fuck you!"

"NO! I don't have the courage to do this! It's wrong! I must marry virgin and
that's going too far! He is my father... I cannot even imagine myself doing it
with him!"

She's resisting, thought Linda, I must force it now or he'll arrive before she's
ready.

"Oh, but you can! Just close your eyes."

Nicole closed her tear filled black eyes and Linda started to knead her friend's
boobs, gently massaging the nipples. "Now picture him, nude, in this bed, his
penis so stiff it points to the ceiling... he is smiling because he knows you
are by his side."

Nicole was moaning, getting hornier by the minute, Linda's hands squeezing her
big boobs felt great, and imagining her father in intimate situations was also a
turn on for the formerly naive girl.

"Then you straddle his lap, feeling the rock hard cock pressed against your
tummy!" The blue eyed teen slowly moved her hand to Nick's pussy and started to
masturbate the confused girl, her hands paying with Nicole's clit through the
panties, getting her all wet and horny.

"You slowly go down, it's difficult because you are a virgin, but you force his
cock inside your pussy!" Linda tucked her friend's panties to the side of her
crotch and begun to play directly with her clit, driving the busty teen insane
with lust.

"Now imagine yourself bouncing up and down on his dick! It feels wonderful!

You love it; you love to fuck your father's prick!" Nicole was moaning loudly,
the images were so clear and strong on her mind! She was nearly cuming and Linda
was expertly masturbating her.

"He is so happy! He is finally fulfilled... he is fucking his beloved daughter!"

The prude girl finally came loudly, her head a whirlwind of erotic images of her
father. It took the busty girl several minutes to regain any kind of composure;
even so she looked flushed and had an uncertain look on her face.

"But I don't know Linda..." She said unsure of her feelings "I don't know if I
have the courage! I-It's so sinful! I-I..."

"You want to leave your dad frustrated?!"

"NO!"

"You prefer to torture him than giving what he wants?"

"NO! I love him!"

"Then why are you torturing him? Why do you deny what he wishes so hard? If you
want to be a good daughter you have to fuck him! If you don't let his manhood
get inside your pussy and your ass you'll be failing him. Do you want to fail
him?"

"NO! I don't want to fail daddy! But..." She was completely in doubt now.

"Tell me you'll try it... if can't then its ok, you tried anyway." She still
looked uncertain. "I'm only asking for one try!"

"O-ok... I'll try... but I'm not sure I can do this!"

"I trust you Nick, I just know you won't let your dad down." Linda knew she was
on the right way. The dominating teen spent long minutes talking about her
friend fucking with her father as if it was something normal and even usual,
building up rows of strong suggestions.

She spoke about several sexual positions and stressed the fact that men loved to
fuck a woman's asshole, making Nicole believe that she was inadequate to her
father because she wouldn't let him penetrate both her pussy and her ass.

The innocent schoolgirl believed every word and felt great shame of her flaws as
a pleasure giving daughter, the drugs assuring that the unnatural concepts would
seem natural to her.

As a final act Linda had Nicole and herself dressed in their school uniform, but
without panties or bra. Several minutes later Nicole's door was opened in a
hurry. Mr Devoux arrived in a hot state, he was eager to be sucked dry again by
his daughter, longing for the magnificent blowjob he knew she would give him.

The man was more than a little surprised at Linda's presence here, but he
already knew that it meant more kinky sex. He looked increduously at the hot
teen bodies in their school uniforms, it was an old fantasy he had. He aproached
the teenagers, they were sitting in the bed, legs closed and acting like good
bashful girls.

He stopped very near them, looking at their faces bellow him.

"Hi Mr Devoux." Linda started. "Nick told me you are going to have a little fun
and I asked her to come too. Had I done well?"

"I think you are already family Linda" Devoux was getting used to the girl's
weird behaviour, and was not complaining about it!

"Oh, thank you sir!" She said embracing his hips, her head pressing his crotch.

"I'm so happy... today I'll help my friend to be totally free!" She raised her
eyes to the man. "Today you'll have everything from her. EVERYTHING!" Devoux was
open mouthed again; the girl was always surprising him.

Linda unzipped his pants and took his half hard cock out. "See Nick? Today
you'll truly become your father's lover!" Nicole was uncertain of what to do,
she had sucked her father's cock many times since that first day with Linda, but
now she was scared again, she felt today she would have to make a very hard
decision. But Linda's hands on her head broke this thoughts, the good daughter
felt her face forced to her daddy's manhood, and accepted it willingly. Both
teens begun to lick his dick, then Nicole started to swallow the pole as Linda
licked his balls, changing this positions from time to time.

Suddenly Nick guided her father to the bed, kneeling between his legs, jerking
and licking his penis. The girl's mind was moving in full speed, she was unsure
of what to do, and wanted to know if her father felt like Linda said. Nick
blushed as she started to speak "Daddy... do you want to feel your cock inside
me?' She needed this answer!

"OF COURSE! Oh my darling... are you... are you going to..." The man was mad
with lust, it was his wettest dream. Nicole stood silently, still masturbating
him, her mind racing in confusion, unable to take any action.

"Y-you want to put it in... in my b-butt too?" She was ashamed just to ask this,
but she needed the confirmation of Linda's words.

"D-darling! I-if you do this I... I'll be the happiest man in the world!" It was
beyond his wildest dreams. Anal sex with his own teen daughter! Linda noticed
Nicole's internal battle, and saw a tear fall from her eye; she was suppressing
her crying, afraid to fail her dad.

The blue eyed teen took the initiative and got on the bed, straddling his
crotch, facing the man behind her. "Mr. Devoux, I'm so hot! I need your cock
inside me!"

She raised her skirt and pressed his stiff member to her pussy, looking over her
shoulders to her friend's face. The other brunette was staring wide eyed at the
point were cockhead and slit joined, and then she noticed her friend's smiling
face. Nicole's lips were saying "no" to the other teen.

Nicole would never admit, but she was jealous of Linda, she was going to feel
her daddy's prick inside her pussy; she was going to give him the pleasure he
wanted so much! Nicole desired with all her heart that Linda stopped what she
was doing, she prayed her friend would give up the idea of fucking her daddy,
but Linda just pushed her hips down on his manhood, engulfing it.

Linda reached for Nick while still sitting on the man's erect member, her hands
going to Nicole's head. The religious girl felt her friend's hands pulling her
by her hair, forcing her to her father's side. Nicole's face stood only a couple
of inches from her fathers'.

"Come here Nick!" Linda said as she forced the other girl to the bed. "I want
you to hear your father!" The man was moaning loudly as Linda begun to move back
and forth on his pole.

Linda noticed her friend was breathless, pale and trembling, she was afraid! The
big titted teen was scared of her own feelings and the mad desire that was
starting to take hold of her, the need to feel her own daddy's dick! Linda was
happy, but it was not enough.

"Do you like it Mr Devoux? Do you like to fuck my fifteen years old schoolgirl
cunt?" She asked loud and clear.

"YES! I love it!"

"Can you hear it Nick? He LOVES it!" Linda opened her blouse without stopping
the movements, arching her back to lie on his body, her head close to his,
starting a hot french kiss.

The man grabbed her asscheeks and started to move his hips, fucking the
schoolgirl. His daughter was fascinated with his face of pleasure, and saw the
dick pumping in and out of her school friend's wet pussy.

"Come here Nick... come closer, you have to hear more!" The girl moved her body,
lying on her belly, her face nearly touching the screwing couple. "Do you like
to fuck my teen pussy?" Linda started again.

"Y-Yes!" The man could hardly speak as he increased the speed of his thrusts

"Do you want to put your cock inside Nicole?"

"Oh my god! I need it!"

"See Nick, he NEEDS to put his dick inside you! And you are DENYING his needs!"

"D-daddy!" Nicole stuttered in her doubt and confusion. "I"M A VIRGIN!"

"What do you love most Nick... your daddy or your cherry?" Linda spoke with her
lips nearly touching her friend's.

"M-my dad..." Nicole answered wide eyed; the sound of his hips hitting her
friend's groin was driving her mad.

"Do you want to fail him? To let him down?"

"NO!" The prude girl was dripping wet hearing the slapping of their bodies.

"You want to be the perfect daughter? A Good and obedient daughter?"

"YES!"

"Then obey him!" Linda grabbed her friend's hair again and forced her to kiss
her father full in the mouth, their tongues working with fervour. The blue eyed
teen rose on his body, sitting on his prick, feeling his balls touching her cunt
lips, and said

"If you want to be the perfect daughter and REALLY give pleasure to your
father..."

she raised her hips higher, emptying her cunt, and moving to his side. "...then
come here and sit on his manhood. Tell her what you want Mr Devoux!"

Father and daughter broke the kiss and the man started to speak "Nicole, my
princess, I want you! I need to feel my cock inside your pussy! I-I just need
it!"

The voluptuous teen rose on her knees and looked at the stiff member for long
moments, biting her lower lip in doubt. Linda was to the other side of the man,
gently jerking his prick to maintain the erection.

Nicole felt her throat go dry; she trembled with the thought of loosing her
virginity before marriage. But her powerful will was shattered when she heard
her father saying "I love you my princess... but if y-you can not... can not do
it, it's ok I- I... I can understand..."

Her father loved her so much that he was making this sacrifice! He was denying
his own needs! The warped logic that had been implanted in her head made her
feel more shame than ever before. She was betraying and failing her loving
father! She felt selfish and cruel, all her resolve of staying virgin slipped
away... she believed that the right thing was to become his father's perfect
lover. Her mind finally accepted this and she was ready to do anything to please
him.

"Daddy, I'm so sorry! I love you! I'll never fail you again..." She hug her
father tightly, her D-cups squashed against his chest. "I'll do anything you
want, you'll see!"

she raised again and sat on his lap facing him, the tip of the cock forced
against her virgin slit. "I'll be the perfect daughter!"

Linda moved to her friend's back, her right hand opening the tight pussy and the
left laying on the teen's hip. "Are you ready to be your father's lover Nick?"

"YES!" Nicole was in a maniac lust! Her conscience had been defeated and she was
ready to obey all her commands in full. The prude and bashful girl was no more,
she had become the teen slut, and her reason to live was to give men pleasure.
The schoolgirl was hornier than she had ever been in her life!

"Then do it girl! Pop up your cherry! Force him inside of you!" Linda was
yelling in ecstasy.

"YES! I love you daddy! UGH!" Nicole forced her wide hips, feeling her hymen
stretching as half the tip entered her. She yelped and forced her body down
again, falling on his cock, "AAH!" she yelled again, letting her weight fall.
Nick was split up the middle! Her cherry popped as her virginal blood flowed
down her legs.

The good daughter felt totally immobilized by this shaft of meat impaling her.
The busty teen could feel the living rod of flesh stretching her, a living thing
inside her body. She was being fucked!

The crown of the penis was inside her, the inner walls of her body hugging it
like a glove. It hurt a little bit in the beginning, but as she got used to it
she felt complete, her purpose in life fulfilled. Linda's hands were on Nicole's
hips, forcing her down.

"What are you waiting for? FUCK HIM!" She ordered. The formerly prude teen
orgasmed as she moved her hips down, feeling his stiff manhood slowly
disappearing inside her. It was very difficult for the schoolgirl to accept all
of her father's manhood inside her, and she stopped with his pole half way her
cunt.

"All the way down, young lady! You've got to take it all in!" Linda urged her.

Nicole looked at Mr Devoux's eyes as the head of his thing slid deeper inside
her teen pussy. His big hands grabbing her hips. The look of satisfaction and
pleasure in the man gave her a renewed vigour and the schoolgirl forced the last
inches in slowly, moaning with pain and pleasure.

The virgin girl was soon feeling his balls hitting her slit. Her father just
moaned in lust, unable to say anything, making her even hotter.

"See how he loves it?" Linda continued "You are his teen slut!"

"Yes! I'm his teen slut!" Nick was showing all her heavy conditioning now.

"Move faster you schoolgirl whore!" Linda demanded "And tell your father what
you are, bitch!"

The dirty words were turning her on even more, she was in complete delight.

She had no idea of what to do, but she had saw Linda bouncing on his dick and
tried to imitate her.

"I'm your perfect daughter daddy! I'll do anything you want... I'll suck your
dick, I'll swallow your cum, I'll fuck your cock! Anything!" She was moving very
fast, her jugs bounced wildly inside her school uniform, it was sticky with
sweat from the fucking. "I'm your teenage schoolgirl whore! I need you to fuck
my tight teen pussy everyday daddy!"

Nicole was beyond shame or doubt; anything seemed natural to the girl. She
arched her back and put her hands on his chest. Having more support to slide his
dick in and out, the schoolgirl bounced from the tip of his cockhead to his
balls. Her large, perky breasts were sloshing up and down and her hair was
sailing forward and back as she panted. She was reaching multiple orgasms as she
obeyed in full her programming.

Linda looked satisfied from behind and slipped a finger inside her friend's
anus, moving it back and forth as the D-cupped girl was fucked by her father.
Nicole liked it, in fact, it felt pretty good and she found herself pushing her
ass back against her friend's hand. It felt so good that she groaned when she
felt Linda pull out the finger and speak

"On all fours you teen slut, your father will fuck you doggy style! Do you want
to fuck her doggy style, mr Devoux?"

He was barely capable of saying "yes". Nicole swiftly kneeled on her bed,
looking to her dad over her shoulder, her eyes burning in desire.

"Come on daddy! Fuck your little girl; I want to feel your big adult cock inside
my tight teen pussy! Fuck your virgin child!"

"My princess! I love you! I cannot believe it is happening... it's a dream!"

Devoux said as he kneeled behind her, guiding his engorged and purple cockhead
to her slit. His daughter dripping juice on his dick as she orgasmed from his
words. The man grabbed her hips and took a deep breath.

With that, Nicole felt him move his dick against her pussy from behind, the
brunette felt it spread the lips of her opening. He grunted as he shoved his
dick into the tight hole. The teen moaned from lust and that made him pull out
and do it again.

And again. And again until he started slowly pumping his cock in her pussy, the
girls tits were swaying wildly bellow her, clinging to her sweat uniform. His
stiff member was glistening with lubricating moisture as she kept saying things
like "Fuck me daddy!" and "fuck your little girl, daddy!"

Linda moved to the man's back, whispering in his ear as she pressed the large
boobs against his back. "Now mr Devoux... Nicole will show how deep she loves
you..." She spoke aloud to her friend. "Nick, tell daddy you want him in your
ass!"

The D-cupped brunette didn't even hesitate "Please daddy, fuck my tiny
asshole... put your big grown up dick inside my little girl's butt!"

He took his pole out of her cunt and pressed it against her asshole. It was too
tight! He doubted it would be possible for her to accept it inside her butt, But
his daughter kept talking, making him too horny to think. "Come on daddy!
Assfuck your little princess! Shove your big adult dick in my small pink
opening!"

He opened her asscheeks wide with his fingers, pressing the hard prick to the
tiny hole, then he spat on the cock's tip, and forced it inside, hardly able to
get the bulbous head in. The too tight teen ass was stretched to its limits.
Nicole felt pain sweeping through her body, but also the ultimate orgasm as the
last barrier of her resistance was broken. She sobbed and whimpered, tears
running down her face onto the pillow, but she resisted the urge to make him
leave her body. Instead she spoke weakly "D-deeper daddy!"

Devoux was impressed by his daughter's hornyness and slowly slid his manhood
inside her; inch by inch it entered her impossibly tight ass. Moments later she
was getting used to his prick overstretching her butt hole, but still some pain
remained.

Linda spoke again "Move your ass slut. It's the last test to prove you're a good
daughter. Move you butt back and forth on his big adult dick!" Nicole did as she
was told, moving very timidly at first, but faster and deeper as she got used to
it, her father moving his hips in the same speed as her. Some minutes later she
was feeling his groin slapping against her buttocks as Devoux fucked her hard,
the pain played down by an incredible pleasure. The pleasure of total submission
to her suggestions.

Linda thought she had completed her work and wanted proof of it. "You are a
cocksucking and assfucking daughter! Do you like it Nick?"

"YES! I love to suck cock and be assfucked!"

"You are your father's teen whore! Are you satisfied with that?"

"Y-Yes, I love to be my daddy's fucktoy!"

"And you mr Devoux? Are you satisfied with your daughter? Do you like the fact
that she became your teen fucktoy? Your fifteen years old schoolgirl fucktoy?"

"Linda! I... I-I love it!"

"I know you do, you pervert! Fuck her ass; fuck hard this schoolgirl teenage
ass!" The man was thrusting in and out of her, and she pushed back against each
thrust in an almost reflex action. She was fast approaching orgasm. Her mental
conditioning made sure the fact of her father being inside her was enough to
push her toward a gigantic come.

He had been fucking the two schoolgirls for quite a while, and wasn't able to
hold his orgasm anymore. Mr Devoux's manhood spasmed inside her and she felt the
wonderful heat of his cum splattering the inner walls of her ass. Nicole felt a
mind bending orgasm. She nearly collapsed from sheer pleasure, lying with her
belly in the bed, her father on her top, gently kissing his little girl.

Linda was just too hot; she saw the whole scene but hasn't tasted a drop of his
semen. She also didn't want to break this magic moment and swiftly dressed
herself.

Devoux had got out of his daughter's back, and was lying in his back, still
breathing hard from his powerful climax. Nicole climbed her dad, pressing her
hard teen body against his, kissing him full in the mouth. Her hand slid to his
flaccid member and begun to knead it, trying to get him hard again. They hardly
noticed the blue eyed schoolgirl leaving. The pair was eager to start anew,
Devoux, pushing his daughter to his side and getting on top of her, his semi
erect cock rubbing her clit while he buried his face in her oversized boobs.

The last thing Linda heard as she passed the door was Nicole's voice saying

"Oh daddy I love you so much, please fuck me again with your big cock! Fuck your
little princess, please daddy fuck me again!"

Linda walked away from Nicole's house, her formerly bashful friend was still
making love to her own father and with a lust she never thought Nicole could
have inside her. It end up being not so bad after all, the fifteen years old
girl was amazed at herself, she had just introduced her best friend to cum
swallowing, sodomy and incest and she still thought it was 'not that bad'!
Things had gone too fast for her, but in the hold of her addiction, and the
increasingly more perverted requests of the millennium products company, she was
getting used to be a slut. The super orgasms even made everything more
acceptable, Linda was in doubt if she could stop giving head and fucking older
men if the addiction stopped! She was enjoying these nasty things, as long as
she had the powerful orgasms triggered by cum swallowing!

A small tear fell from her eyes. She was living in a strange world now, she felt
trapped in a web of sin, unable to escape it, and worst of all not only getting
used to it, but even starting to enjoy her own corruption.



The End



       Well, I hope you all enjoyed this tale. I have about six new chapters
almost ready and tons of half written ideas waiting to be finished, but I don't
have the time to finish them! If any author is whilling to co-write the sequels
with me I'll be more than glad about it, the tale is planned to end (at a
distant future yet) but it accepts lots of new ideas and plots inside it, and
even spin off series, like the one I'll post after that: 'The Harlingans'.

       Anyway, I'm asking for help! Anyone interested just e-mail me at
storysmith@ig.com.br.

       Thank you all!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  talespinner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





