BDSM Library - Blackmailing Jill




Blackmailing Jill
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is about Jill who works as her bosses book keeper and it is only after sometime that her boss figures out that Jill has also been happening herself to his checkbook.  She is told she can do as she is told or go to jail and the blackmailing begins.
 THIS STORY IS PROTECTED UNDER THE LAWS OF COPYRIGHT. ANY REPRODUCTIONS,
ALTERATIONS, AND/OR SALES WITHOUT THE WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR IS
STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

Warning: This story is about non-consensual domination. It is  fiction, but it
is erotic  - despite or perhaps partly because its non-consensual.   This story
is written for adults. If the humiliation and sexual exploitation  of a
fictional girl is something you might find offensive, please stop reading now.

You should also keep in mind that this is a work of fiction and This story is
(c) copyrighted by DM L 1999, but feel free to post it unchanged anywhere on the
Internet in places where people are interested in this sort of thing.


Having been reading posts on this group for sometime now thought I might try and
make a contribution as we all should do.  It may not be the most graphic yet but
most is in the imagination of the reader.




Blackmailing Jill



   Duane was 32 and starting to feel the rewards of success that came with his
years of hard work building his manufacturing business.  He had started out with
just himself and one employee in his garage and now he was in his new plant with
almost 50 employees.  When he finally got to the point where he needed help
taking care of the office he called the local employment and had them send him
down several applicants.  When he saw Jill he knew she would be perfect for the
job. She was not the most qualified that had applied but he figured as long as
he was going to pay someone to work with him then she might as well be pleasing
to the eye.  And Jill was, just 25 she was 5'10" tall with light brown hair,
hazel eyes, with a shape that would draw every mans attention.  She was 36c -24
- 35 with such long legs, Duanes favorite part.  Although Duane would love to
have had her and make advances to her, he knew with the laws today that it could
lead to financial ruin for him  so kept his admiring of her to himself and
everything business like.  As more and more of his time was being kept back in
the plant he felt very lucky that Jill had really seemed to enjoy her work and
was even offering to take on more and more responsibilities for him.  Soon she
was even doing invoices and billings and seemed to be doing so well at it that
Duane gave her a nice raise and put her in charge of all of the banking and
accounting.  He could not believe that he not only hired an attractive assistant
but one that had become such a help to him.  One day after Jill had been there
almost a year he got a call from his accountant.  Things did not seem right on
how much he was being billed for on some items that were not showing up in
inventory and that the canceled checks seemed to be missing.

Duane was sure that there must be a mistake but picked the books up from the
accountant and started going through them himself that evening.  He did not want
To believe what he saw, checks being written for things he knew the company
never purchased and entries that were completely unfamiliar to him.  He did not
want to believe it but who else could it be besides Jill.  Then it came to him
why she offered to do more and more for him even taking things home to work on
for him.  He knew he had given her several raises but could not figure out how
she always wore such expensive outfits to work and drove a new car.  He had
thought that maybe they were from the boyfriend that she had been living with
but no she even seemed to buy more when they separated a few months back.  He
did not want to just confront her with out hard proof so he hired a private eye
to look into her life a little more closely. 

When he got the report back from the private eye it had all the proof that he
needed, deposits to her private account  that corresponded with the missing
checks and bad invoices.  She had taken him for almost $25,000 and now she was
going to have to go to jail for it.  But would good would that do him, he would
still be out the money because with her in jail there would be no way for her to
repay him.  Then it hit him, he knew how she was going to repay him and he was
going to get to sample what he had wanted since hiring her.  Duane lived with
Amy, a hot little number that he had met at a party several years ago and who he
had trained to be his hot little sub slut.  Amy had taken to it right  away and 
loved being told how to please her boss.   Duane had always wanted to take Amy
further and further and could even see some Dominate side to her and now he was
thinking that Jill might just make a new little play toy.  Yes he might be out
$25,000 but it was going to be well worth it to have Jill right where he wanted
her and she had always seemed a little high and mighty working there.  Now he
would show her what she really was and own her.  That evening he told Amy all
about what Jill had done and she was in full agreement that the bitch must be
brought down a little bit thinking she could get away with that.  When Duane
went on to explain what he had in store for her she became very agreeable an
excited at the prospect.  Since the next day was Friday he told Amy he would
confront Jill then and would begin her training that weekend.  He told her she
could spend Friday visiting her sister and then told all about how they would
meet Saturday night and what the plan was for Jill.

     The next day he called Jill into his office, she was wearing a nice white
blouse and navy skirt that came down to just over her knees.  Very nice he
thought but it will be the last day that she is dressed that conservative.

"Sit down Jill we have to talk"  Duane said

"Why am I getting another raise"  Jill Said

"No more like the next 15 years in jail Jill.  I have found out what you have
been doing with the books and have proof right here of where you took over
$25,000 From me."  Said Duane   Jill began to sob and plead, "oh please forgive
me, please I did not mean to do it and always planned on paying you back one
day, please do not send me to jail."  "Sorry Jill but this is way too much money
to just let it go like that and I think jail is the only answer for you" said
Duane.  "Oh please, Oh please I will do anything to repay you if you do not call
the police,  let me prove I can earn it all back"   "Well there is one way I
could let you pay it back and not have to go to the police"  said Duane.

"Well first of all I want you to sign this paper that you admit to what you have
done and that if you do anything to displease me before it is paid back that I
will be free to take this confession to the police."

"Yes yes what ever you say" said Jill as she signed the paper and her life away
for the next year or more.

"Now Jill to make sure you understand that I own you until this is paid back, I
own and control what you do here at work and when you are not at work."

"What no way, said Jill I will pay you back working here but that is it." Very
well then Jill, said Duane, " I thought I would give you a chance to stay out of
jail for the next 15 years but I guess the thought of spending 15 years in jail
being owned by some big dyke is better then being owned by me then I can just
take this confession to the police now."

"No wait, please, I will do as you say but please do not go to the police"
begged Jill thinking to herself how bad could this be, its not like he is going
to change me at all and I will be free in a year or so to get on with my life.

"Here is what you are going to do Jill and if you ever displease again then I
will just take this confession right to the police and just let them pick your
ass up and be done with you.  Now you owe me $25,000 and every cent that you
make here will go towards paying that debt off.""

"But Duane how will I have any money to live on, I can not do that" snapped Jill
back at him."

"First  of all Jill you will now address me as Sir or Master, do you understand
Me" Duane snapped.  The tone of his voice now caught Jill by surprise and it was
just starting to sink into her what was happening to her.

"And speaking to me in that tone of voice is going go get you punished later. Do
you understand me"? 

"Yes Sir" Jill said as the sound of it went ringing through her head and the
thoughts of what she might be made to do.  She could not believe this was
happening to her and was disgusting to her yet she could not understand why her
loins were starting to quiver and she was beginning to feel moist.


" Now every cent that you make here will go to pay off your debt until it is
completely paid for.  Any more that you need to live on I will make you a loan
for.  After you have paid off the money you stole from me and to keep your ass
out of jail, you will then continue working to pay off all of the money that you
borrow from me to live on"

"yes sir" said Jill a tear coming to her eye at what she had done and what she
now found her self into with no way out.

Now you will pay me back that money at 25% interest and you will continue in
your current role until you are completely debt free from me. do you understand"

"But but that will take me over a year to pay off the money I stole and then
that, it is not fair and I will not do it" snapped Jill

Duane said nothing but picked up the phone and began dialing it, detective
Harken please, she heard him say.

"No NO I am sorry please do not send me to jail I'll do anything for you" Jill
cried.

Duane a hung up the phone as he looked her in the eyes, "if ever I have to pick
up that phone again you are gone for 15 years and for that outburst you will
receive another 5 whacks to the ones you already have coming, do you understand
Jill?

"yes sir she said as she lowered her eyes in a submissive nature"  She then seen
Duane go over to the closet and pull out a video camera on a tripod and some
large cards. 

"Now Jill come over and here and stand in front of the camera  and when I turn
it on I want you to read what is on these cards.  I already have your written
confession and now I am going to get your spoken one and how you will repay me
and be punished for what you did."

Jill began to read the cards to herself and then stopped when she saw it

" Hey I am not going to do this of my own free will, how can you make me say
that"

"Listen Jill you do have a choice, either do as I say or got to jail for the
next 15 years, now when this camera come on you had better start speaking and I
had better see a smile on your face on you will have your punishment extended". 
Just then he flipped the camera on, and Jill looked at the flashing light and
begin reading off the cards.

" I Jill am a thief and have stole over $25,000 from my boss who trusted me and
was so kind to hire me.  Because he is so kind and forgiving I am going to pay
that money back by continuing to work for him here and to make up to him any
inconvenience and sorrow that I may have cause him do give my self to him until
he is paid back in full.  I want to be trained to be his hot little sub slut and
will do all that I am told with no questions asked.  I am doing this of my own
free will and know if I do not please him then he is free to send me to jail." 
she could hardly get it all out as she felt her throat tighten up at the
prospect."

"Very nice Jill" her boss said as he walked over to his desk and pulled a ping
pong looking paddle out of a drawer there.  "Now Jill because you have not acted
like a submissive slut should act towards her boss you are to be punished.  Now
get over here and lay across my desk" he snapped

"But But  no I "

"Jill you do it now or it will be 5 more, do you want that/"

"No no she pleaded" as she moved over to the desk and  laid her chest across it
so that her ass was sticking in the air facing her boss."

"Now Jill reach behind you and pull your skirt up and over your ass"

" I can't do Jill started to say as she felt the first crack of the paddle come
over her ass.

"Now Jill that one does not count and if you do not want any more"  It did not
take Jill long to know he meant business and she quickly lifted her skirt
revealing her panty hosed ass and panties.

"Now Jill get those panty hose and panties down around your knees"

Jill was frozen when she heard it and could not get herself to do it soon enough
before  she felt the crack on her ass again. She knew she had no choice as she
pulled them down and looked back at her boss to see if this would please him. 
She could not help but notice that the video camera was capturing all of this.
Slowly she pulled them down to her knees exposing her whole bare ass to him.
Duane then reached into a drawer in his desk and pulled out a camera.

"FLASH" he caught a picture of Jill, ass bare, bent over his desk.

"Now Jill you have 10 smacks for not showing the proper respect and doing as you
were told.  If at any time you move off of that desk during your punishment we
will have to start over. Do you understand".

"Yes sir"

SMACK------ yeow cried out Jill, "please no more I promise to do as I am told"

"Well now that one doesn't even count Jill, you have already received three
smacks and you still have the 10 coming"

"But why, why" pleaded Jill

"Jill you will learn that once your punishment has started it is too late for
being sorry.  Maybe that will help you think about what you are doing before you
displease me.  Second when you are getting your smacks you will count each one
Out and thank me for giving you the punishment that will help make you mind
better, now do you understand me"?

"Yes sir" she sobbed

Smack     "one thank-you sir" SMACK   "Two" she cried"thank-you sir"   Jill
could not believe what was happening to her and how painful her ass was getting
but she really could not understand is how it was making her wetter.

Duane was enjoying the power he was building over her, and the thought of that
nice round ass of hers that he was beating red was going to be his for as long
as he wanted, how well Jill already seemed to be taking to this.  He knew this
is what a hot cunt like Jill really needed.  And he continued his spanking of
her

SMACK  "nine  thank-you sir"  Jill got out  with tears streaming down her cheeks

"How many left Jill" "One sir one" she managed to get through her sobs.

"Now Jill when you are told to do something what are you going to do?"

"Do it right away sir' "And who do you show proper respect too"

"You sir"  

"Well that is part right my little slutty Jill but from now on you had better
learn to show proper respect to everyone you meet.  You will address all males
as sir and you will address all females you meet by calling them Ms before their
name, do you understand that?"

"Yes sir"

Jill began to feel Duanes hand running over her ass and began to pull away when
she realized to do that would only cause her more swats.  Is hand felt cool
against the hotness of her ass.  She could now feel his fingers sliding down the
crack of her ass to her little brown hole where they stopped and began probing
it"  God she had never let anyone do that before and now she could not believe
the stirring it was causing in her.  Then she felt his fingers moving towards
her cunt and before she knew it she felt them slip into her cunt.  God how could
this be exciting her so much to allow his fingers to slip in so easily, she
thought.  She could feel him pulling them out and then tracing his fingers
coated with her wetness on her burning ass. 

"You have a very hot cunt here don't you Jill" her boss hissed

"Ah no sir no I am not like that" she spoke but she could feel her body
betraying her, her hips trying to draw back further against his fingers, trying
to push her clit which had become so erect and aroused against her fingers. 
Suddenly she felt his fingers being yanked out of her and

SMACK----  it caught her by surprise and she just laid there stunned when she
remembered.  '10   thank-you sir"

"FLASH"  He had taken a picture of her reddened ass

"Now Jill you may get up" Jill got up from over the desk and regaining her
senses quickly reached down and pulled her panties and hose back up.  Making her
more aware then ever of the soreness of her ass and how embarrassing that was
and vowing never to have to face the paddle again.

Duane went behind his desk and sat down staring at Jill, "Now that I have seen
that nice round little ass of yours Jill you can show me those nice tits that
you have been hiding from me all this time

Jill's hands moved to the buttons on her blouse. Slowly she began unbuttoning
her blouse from the neck down. Her face was red and tear streaked.

"Take it off" demanded Duane as he stood up from his desk.

Jill removed her blouse and placed it on the desk.  She stood before her master
with her blouse off wondering how far this would go.

"Now the bra Jill."

Jill  reached behind her back and opened the clasp on her bra. She allowed the
straps to slowly slide down her arms as her firm 36c breasts came into view.  As
she moved to place the bra on the desk with her blouse Duane told her "Put it in
the garbage you won't be needing it anymore."

Naked to the waist the cowering employee stood before her Master.  She was
beyond further embarrassment. How did she let herself get in this position? Why
had I taken that money from him?

"FLASH" he took another pic of her

"Now Jill  I want your skirt on the desk"

Without thinking Jill  opened her skirt and slid it down her legs.  She stepped
out of it and placed in on the desk next to her blouse.

"Well Jill  I see we are going to have to improve your undergarment selection. 
Get those ugly panties and pantyhose off this instant."

Stung by the harsh words of her boss Jill  removed her panties and pantyhose.

"In the garbage"

The once cunning employee  now stood naked in her bosses office before her boss. 
She saw no way out of this situation.  What will be next she wondered?"

"Back at attention Jill.  Hands at your sides."  Duane  came around the desk in
front of the frightened employee and  reaches out and pinches  her  nipples.
"Kind of stiff Jill,   Do you like this?"

Jill  remained silent.  She knew she felt some excitement at this treatment but
she could never admit it.

He  pinched harder on her swollen nipples until Jill groaned, "Answer me Jill."

"No I don't like this." Jill lied.  Well she didn't like it but she was
unexplainable excited by it.

Duane  abruptly released Jill's nipples. "I think you are lying to me and you
will be punished for that.   A shiver went through Jill  as Duane's word sank
into her numb brain.

He stepped back from her and raised his camera "FLASH" a picture of her naked,
standing in his office.

"You will be spending the weekend at my  house Jill.  By Monday you should fully
understand my requirements.  Duane went into his desk and pulled out a pair of
scissors  and picked up Jills skirt and began to cut several inches of it off.. 
"There that will be more like what you are going to start  wearing from now on."
Duane said  Put your skirt, blouse and shoes on Jill   Leave the top two (2)
buttons open on your blouse."

Jill almost felt more naked dress this way. Her breasts while firm still moved
under her thin blouse.  Her nipples threatened to poke twin holes in the
material.  She had never been out of her house without panties and now the  nice
conservative dress she wore to work was far to short for her to be wearing  and
the air moving over her damp pussy made her feel very naked.   She had not made
any plans for this weekend but never imagine  this would be the reason why.

"Let's go to my place Jill and oh yes, here is your paddle that we had better
have you bring with you"  "yes sir" Jill said as she picked it up and thought
about how it had  been used to redden her ass and show her what happens when she
does not mind.

As the two moved to the door to begin their adventure, Jill notice Duane had
picked up the video camera and placed the camera in his pocket and was taking it
with them.  Oh no she thought he can't want to take more.

When Duane got to the door he turned and told Jill, "follow  (1) step behind and
act normal."

How could she act normal. Her nipples were rubbing on her blouse with every step
and her pussy was bare under her  shortened skirt and much to her dismay,
becoming more moist by the minute.  With the buttons open as Duane had ordered
she was showing more cleavage than she felt was acceptable. "Yes Sir" she
replied.

Duane opened the door and led the defeated employee   into the parking lot. 
Duanes car was parked closed to the building in his private spot so at least
Jill thought she does not have to be out too much dressed like she was..

Duane climbed behind the wheel and Jill got into the passenger side.  "Slide
your skirt up Jill."

Jill slid her skirt up to mid thigh.

"Higher."

Jill slid her skirt higher so that it barely covered her very moist pussy.

Duane started the car and began driving toward his house about 20 minutes away.
"We have to make a couple of stops  on the way home"

Jills heart sank as she prayed Duane would not make her get out of the car with
her breasts free and pussy bare.

"Tell me Jill, what sort of sex toys do you have at home?"

Jill  couldn't believe her boss had asked her that.  "I have a vibrator Sir"

"Anything else?"

"That's all Sir." "And where did you get it" "My x boyfriend got it for me sir"
"And I'll bet he loved watching you fuck yourself with that it"  Jill began to
blush at the thought of it and it began to get her juices flowing again., "No
sir I was always too embarrassed to use it in sir" "Well my little Jilly you had
better learn to get over that embarrassment or you'll Never be able to sit down
on that ass of yours" he chuckled at her.   Jill could not imagine what would be
worse a red ass or face as she seen Duane turn into a K-Mart parking lot.  What
could he want here she thought, this was not the kind of place that Jill would
ever shop at.  She felt it much to cheap of a store for her.    Duane pulled
into a parking space and turned off the car and leaned over towards her.  She
could feel his hand on her thighs now.

"Spread um he ordered and from now on when you feel my hands on your thighs you
had better know enough to spread them, you understand Jill" he  spoke sternly.

"Yes sir" Jill said as she spread her legs giving him easy access to her slick
cunt. She could feel his fingers separating the folds of her cunt as his fingers
came to rest  on her erect clit. " Now Jill you need to purchase a few things,
and I think this place is the perfect place for hot little cheap sluts to
purchase their slutty cloths.  Now you will do it exactly as I tell you to, do
you understand me?

"Yes sir" she managed to get out being distracted more and more but the
excitement he was causing to her erect clit."

"Now I think the first thing my little Jilly is going to need is a new pair of
little slut panties, and I think a pair of red ones to match  the color that
your little spanking made you hot ass will look nice."  That will not be so bad
Jill thought I can do that.  "  And the first thing you will do when you enter
the store is to go to the ladies department.  You will go to one of the bins
that they have around there stuffed with loose panties and search until you find
a bright pair of red ones in the bikini style.  Or any style will be OK as long
as it is not a thong as I do not think they have enough material in the to soak
up all the juices this cunt of yours puts out"  Duane said As he continued to
tease her little clit, feeling her hips trying to press more contact of her clit
to his fingers.  He could see her legs start to stiffen and knew that she  would
be crying out soon.  " now once you have found them then you will take the
crotch of them and drape them over two fingers and then let the rest of the
panties hang at your side like you were displaying them.  Then you will walk
around the store like that searching each isle until you find me, showing off
your new hot slut panties to everyone.    " oh god yes sir Jill hissed trying to
control her moans that were being cause by her cunt heating up.  The thought of
being on display was too much for her and she could feel her orgasm start to
over take her, " Oh yesssss,,,"

"Oh No sir, please do not stop, please I am so close" she whined as she felt her
Masters fingers slip out of her cunt.  She had not wanted to cum but could not
contain the lust that all of this was making on her cunt.

"Oh no my hot little cunt you have not earned the right to cum yet."

" Do you have cash or credit cards with you  Jill?"

" I have both but please Duane"

Duane shot an evil stare at Jill  "What did you call me?"

"Du...I'm sorry Sir."

"Open another button."

"Please Sir  I'm sorry."

"Do you want it to be two more buttons?"

"No!" answered Jill  as she opened the third button on her blouse.  If she moved
too quickly she knew she would expose her bare breast. She knew she would have
to move carefully.

"Yes sir" slowly Jill got out of the car and headed across the parking lot there
was a slight breeze when cause a chill on her soaked cunt"  God I pray no one
sees me I know thought Jill, dressed like a whore like this.  Jill felt a little
relief when she got into the store and out of the open.  I will just get them
and get and find Duane and get out of here as soon as possible, how bad could
this go, she thought.

When she got to the ladies department she looked all around until she spotted
the bins.  She looked around to see that no one was looking and , bent over to
look for her red panties.  There did not seem to be any at the top and she kept
digging lower and lower causing her to bend over more and more when she finally
spotted a pair towards the bottom.  With a final effort she reach all the way to
the bottom and grab them and stood back up to suddenly hear the snickers of
someone behind her. When she turned around she seen two teenager boys walking
by, there were staring at her and snickering to themselves.  No No they could
not have seen her bent over like that she thought they were too far back, but
the thought of that sent a spasm through her cunt.  She quickly pushed that
thought out of her mind and placed the panties over her fingers and began
looking for Duane.  Now where might he go first she thought, just wanting to
find him as soon as possible.  Everywhere she went looking for him, sporting
goods, outdoors, mens department she could not find him only more males that
stared at her the red panties she was holding.  They must just think I am a real
slut she thought to herself as she continued on.  Finally almost by accident she
turned a corner in the back of the store and found him in the pet department, he
was standing by the collars and leashes when he seen her.

"Well there is my pet Jilly and I see you found those red panties"

"Yes sir may we go now please"

"Oh no come here  Jilly and look what I have found" he said holding out a red
collar to her.

"What is that for Sir" she asked knowing what it was for and yet hoping and
asking that it might be something else.

"Well I think if you are going to be my pet then you should have a collar like
one" He said as he placed it around her neck,  "and it does match those panties"
There Jill stood with her panties still hanging from her fingers and a red dog
collar around her neck when suddenly around the corner came the two boys she had
seen earlier.  They had been looking for her but did not expect to bump into her
as the rounded the corner.

"Ah Ah umm high again Ms" they said as they tried to hurry by.

"Wait guys" Duane said, "Jill you know these boys/"   "No sir, I only see them
earlier and think they are following me" "Well guys I can not blame you for
following something this hot" Duane spoke to them as if Jill was not ever there.

"You guys know how some people like to have pets like cats or dogs, well Jill
here is my little pet" he said.  The boys just stared in disbelief at Jill as
she stood there in front of them feeling so naked and embarrassed. "Do you guys
like her new panties" "Oh yes very very sexy" they quipped together. "And do you
know why she has red?" "No sir Why" "Well Jill look at those boys and tell them
why you got red and what they match" No no Jill thought I can't   I can't "Ah ah
well because it is my favorite color"  Duane reached over and grabbed her ear. 
"How can you lie like that little slut, are you trying to embarrass me, haven't
I not told you about learning respect and doing as you are told" "Yes yes sir
but I could not......" "QUIET" he shouted at her  "That is going to be another
10 whacks you have coming to you.  The sound of hearing whacks suddenly brought
back to her the soreness that was still in her ass from the last ones. 

"Oh please sir, please, not that please I'll do it, I'll tell them" "To late for
that little Jilly, I never take back punishments you have coming. "Please sir
she begged" "Well what do you boys think he asked" Jill again aware that they
were there listening to her begging and pleading and watching her. "Well sir
sometimes before when I got into trouble my father would always give me
alternatives like being grounded for two days or losing my car for a week"

"Hmmm , well I guess something like that might work"  Duane said

"Oh yes sir please, please can we  do that" "Would you like to be given
alternatives Jill" he asked "Yes sir please" "Well you know I really do not like
giving out whacks but only do it because you have to learn how to mind, but if
that is what you want then very well.  From now on when you displease me and
whacks coming then you may respectfully request alternatives.  But make no
mistake about this Jill if you even hesitate a little to the alternative then
you will end up with both, am I clear on that??"

"Yes sir thank-you sir" she said "Lets see now Jill since you did not want to
tell these nice young men why you picked out red panties, turn around"  slowly
Jill turned around away from Duane and the teenagers. "Now Jill since you did
not want to tell them then you just reach behind you and lift up your skirt and
show them that little ass that we had to paddle this morning"

Just started to protest but Duanes stern warning about getting both came back to
her.  How could she do this she thought as she slowly raised her skirt
completely  exposing her ass. "Wow look at that she heard  one of them say" "Why
would anyone want to cover that hot ass with any panties" went the other Jill
could not believe she was standing there in K-Mart holding her skirt up so a
couple of teenage boys could see her ass and yet she hoped that they could not
see the cunt juices that she could feel beginning to run down her leg.

"Well guys you can see how it is still a little red from where we had to spank
it this morning and you can see almost where the paddle landed" he said to the
boys as he placed a finger on Jills ass and traced where you could see the
paddle had landed.

"Ok Jill you can turn around now"  slowly Jill turned back around until she was
facing them all again hardly able to look them in the eye. "And see boys how it
also matches my pets new collar"  Duane said as he put his finger to Jills neck
and gave a slight tug causing Jill to think what she must look like to them
standing there wearing it.

"I am not to sure that will be a good everyday one do you guys see one on the
rack here that you think would look good on her. "

The boys looked at the rack and selected a one inch wide black one with big
metal studs all around it.

"Very nice pick guys and I think she will enjoy wearing it more knowing you
picked it out for her".

"Well Jill what do you say"  Jill looked puzzled  "I am um " she stammered
looking for what Duane wanted said.  Again got that stern look on his face as he
leaned over to her.  " Are you going to embarrass me again by not showing some
manners, Didn't I tell you that you are going to learn to say thank-you for
everything when someone helps you."

"Yes sir I forgot sir' "Thanks" she said and looked back at Duane for approval
which she could tell by his eyes would not be coming.

"I have told you about giving a proper thank-you my pet but I guess maybe you
did forgot already, turn back around and get that skirt back in the air"  Jill
did not want to do it but the look she got told her she had better as she slowly
turned back around had left her skirt revealing her ass again.   "go ahead boys
get in closer'

"FLASH"  Jill turned around to see Duane taking her picture showing her ass with
the teenagers on each side of her.

"There now maybe you will be able to look back at this and remember a little
better the next time " he hissed at Jill   " Here guys why don't you take that
red collar off of her and put the one you picked out for her on her."  the boys
were almost falling over each other trying figure out who should get the red one
off and their new one.

"FLASH"  Jill looked up to see Duane taking a picture of them putting her
studded collar on her.

The boys stepped back to admire Jills slender neck with that large doggy collar
on  her and that is when Jill noticed the large lump of their hard cocks
sticking out form their pants.  All she could think of was how she would love to
have one of them hard cocks in her horny cunt right now when she was snapped out
of it by the sound of Duanes voice in her ear.

"now slut if you do not give them a proper thank-you this time for thinking of
the alternate punishment, and letting you show them your ass, and having your
picture taken with them and for picking out that collar I 'll whack your ass so
many times later you might never sit down again"

This froze Jill with fear as she struggled to make sure her thank-you pleased
Duane.

"Thank-you sirs for ahh letting me have an alternative punishment, and ah
letting me lift my skirt and show you my spanked red ass and for having your
picture taken with me showing your ass and for ummm picking out such a sexy
doggy collar for me and ummmm"  Jill could think of nothing else but was so
fearful of the whacks kept trying hard to think of what else, looking at her new
master for approval.

"Very good Jill, now remember to do that the next time if you know what is good
for you.  And boys here why don't you write down your names and phones numbers
on the back of my card here and maybe when my little pet here is trained better
I can have her show you some of her tricks"

"Sure" said as they hurried to get their names and numbers down.

"and boys how about maybe when we get theses pictures back we have the one of
her showing off her ass to you blown up and maybe have her autograph it for you"
Jill was shocked how could he show these photos to anyone "Would you really we
would love to have a pic of this hot cunt "

"Well I will let you know" he said to them as they proceeded on their way sure
to have to stroke their cock after seeing what they had seen here today.

Ok Jill here you may take off that collar to go up and pay for your purchases
and oh here pay for this too" he said as he handed her a silk long sleeve mens
shirt. And when you have paid for them you had better get your ass right out to
the car as we have another stop to make before it gets to late."

"Yes sir" Jill lowered her head and walked towards the registers feeling totally
humiliated yet feeling a burning and desire in her cunt that she had never felt
before.

Another stop she thought more what more could there be, She vowed she would
fight harder to keep her hot cunt from controlling her mind and thoughts as she
headed for the car and her next adventure.


More available upon request:

Have lots of ideas where this story will go and just a matter of getting them
down.   Some things that this story will not have is anything do  with Scat or
Piss or blood, extreme pain or heavy bondage, rape, and gang bangs. piercing,
torture. I find none of those things exciting or appealing to me so they will
not go in here.  If you want those in a store write your own The first part took
a little longer to set up and hope the next parts do not drag as much or maybe
should not even bother to continue to at all.

Ladies would love to know what you thought about Jill so far and if you like it,
will make sure that I send you a direct copy of the next chapter when it is
completed.

RuReady2@prodigy.net




THIS STORY IS PROTECTED UNDER THE LAWS OF COPYRIGHT. ANY REPRODUCTIONS,
ALTERATIONS, AND/OR SALES WITHOUT THE WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR IS
STRICTLY PROHIBITED

Warning: This story is about nonconsensual domination. It is fiction, but it is
erotic  - despite or perhaps partly because its nonconsensual.

This story is written for adults. If the humiliation and sexual exploitation of
a fictional girl is something you might find offensive, please stop reading now.

You should also keep in mind that this is a work of fiction and this story is
(c) copyrighted by DM L 1999, but feel free to post it unchanged anywhere on the
Internet in places where people are interested in this sort of thing.

Black Mailing Jill Part 2

Jill went to the check out with all of the items, very embarrassed  by what had
just happened and by what someone might think  about her purchases. She was also
very aware of the display she was  making with her blouse open as it was. She
paid with a red face,  unbelievably a soaked pussy and swollen nipples.

Jill headed out of the store and across the parking lot to the  car as quick as
she could.. "Skirt." said Duane

Jill quickly slid her skirt up to barely below her pussy as before.  "now just
one more stop to make and we will be home" mused Duane  "Duane please can't we"

WHACK . "That's Sir" Duane said as he reached over and slapped her thigh 
"Ow..... Sorry Sir."

"Slide your skirt up further. You must understand you will lose something  every
time you fail to please me. And of course you know what happens if  you totally
refuse to obey." Duane drove out of the parking lot as Jill  slid her skirt up
higher so that her pussy was exposed. Her face was beet  red. She felt like a
child being punished for being bad, but at least it was  getting dark now and
someone could not see her hot pussy as easily now.  Jill kept looking out the
window as Duane was driving wondering where  he could be heading as he started
getting into the seedier part of town.  Soon she had her answer as she saw the
sign of the place he was turning  into IMPERIAL ADULT XXX MOVIES AND BOOKSTORE.

Oh god Jill thought how could he make me follow him into a dirty place like that
where  only the pervs go. "Sir Sir please do not make me go in there with you"
Jill pleaded.  "Why Jilly you do not want to go in there with me"

"No sir, "

"Well OK if that is what you want Jilly then you will not have to go in there
with me"

"Thank-you sir" Jill said and managed to smile at him

"here is your list of items to get then, I guess you will just have to go in
there by  yourself" Duane said as he handed Jill a piece of paper with several
items written on it..  "NO that is not.."

WHACK "ouch" Jill yelped as she felt the sting of another slap to her thigh. 
"Listen you little bitch, you asked not to go in there with me and that is just
what you got  now you have five minutes to get in there and get everything on
that list or you will find me  gone from here. And when I am not here when you
come out who knows what might happen  to you. Maybe a pimp will pick you up and
put your little thieving ass to work on the streets  for him or maybe one of
these horny guys coming out will rape your ass. I don't really care what 
happens to you at this point so you had better find all those things quickly or
ask for help while you are in there or I might be gone when you get out.."  Jill
looked over the list trying to figure out what each thing was before she went
in.

8" rubber cock

5" silver vibrator

nipple clamps

4" Butt Plug

silver ben-wa-balls

KY Jelly

Remote Control Butterfly

"But sir I don't even know what some of these.."

"Shut up slut and your five minutes are starting now" Duane said as he looked at
his watch.  Quickly Jill threw open her door and headed to the door as she tried
to memorize everything that  was on the list so she would know if she needed
something when she seen it but it was hard trying to remember things she had
never heard of. God what he could he want with these things she thought as she
got to the door.  Jill opened the door and headed for the bookstore area. She
could not believe everything that was in there and quickly went down the rows of
shelves looking for things that might be on her list. Seems the more she looked
the more she became confused with all of the rubber cocks and vibrators and
things she had never seen before. Oh no she thought I will never make it out
there in time. Jill then spotted a middle age man working behind the counter.
God how could she ask him for help but she knew if she didn't she would never be
able to get everything on the list and get out of there before Duane took off.
She hurried over to the counter.

"Sir please please can you hurry and help me get the things on this list" Jill
pleaded with him  the counterman looked over the list and smirked at Jill "Come
back later tonight and maybe I will have them all for you"

"No No Jill pleaded I need them right now, real quick please" Feeling her need
of urgency the counterman decided to see if maybe he could have a little fun
with Jill.

"Tell you what honey, I'll get all these items for you in about two minutes if
you'll pull your  tits out of that blouse for me too see"

"No " Jill shrieked but then realized as the counterman just stood there that
she only had about  two and a half minutes before she would be left here.

"Ok Ok just get them and hurry Jill pleaded, not knowing what most of the items
where if he were getting the right things or not. Soon the counterman returned
with an arm load of penis  looking things and other items and began ringing them
up.

"That will be $148.75 " he said to her. Quickly Jill pulled out her charge card
and handed it to  him. I still have 30 seconds or so Jill thought. The man
started to hand her the card back and  then pulled it quickly away from her.

"Are you not forgetting something first" he said Jill could not think of what
and then it hit  her she had promised to show her tits to him. she had no time
to waste now as  she reach into her unbuttoned blouse and pulled them out.

"There See" she said as she felt a trickle of moisture escape from her cunt. 
"now please hurry and get everything in a bag" she said as she put her charge
card back into  her purse.

'Sorry lady no bags here, you will have to carry them out like that" But how
will she ever carry  everything she thought as she glanced out the doorways to
the outside. Suddenly she thought she  seen the headlights of a car turn on and
move. Panicked Jill did not know what to do when the clerk spoke up.  "Guess you
will have to carry them out in your skirt"

Jill looked up at him in panic, quickly she lifted her skirt and place all the
items in it  and held it towards her chest as she headed for the parking lot.

When she got out the door she began watching Duanes car heading for the exit.

"SIR, SIR" Please stop I have them" Jill cried out as a tears of fright began to
fall down her face.  Then she noticed his brake light come on as if he was
waiting for her and she took of running to make sure he did not try to leave
again. Duane was looking out the window at his hot little slut running towards
him with her tits flopping out of her top and holding her skirt above her waist
showing everything she had to offer. When Jill got to the car she tried to open
it and found it  locked.

"Sir please open the door sir please"

"Are you going to be good Jilly and do as you are told"

"yes sir please get the door for me"

"And who's hot little sub slut are you Jilly"

The words hit Jilly and froze her in her tracks. She was not  going to say that
never, never never and then the realization that she was standing outside in an
adult bookstore almost naked now from  the waist down hit her. What choice did
she have, what choice would she have at all  anymore.

"I am your little hot sub slut master" Jill said, defeated yet not knowing why
just saying it  made her again realize how wet her cunt had gotten from all
this. Duane opened the door and  Jill got in, not having to be reminded about
pulling her skirt up since it was already wrapped up against her chest holding
her new purchases.  "YOU think I am playing with you Jill"?

"No sir" she whispered out of breath.

"A few more seconds and I would have been long gone, she had better put into
that stupid fucked up head of yours that when I say something I mean it" he
snarled at her

"yes sir" she whispered not able to meet his icy stare. Jill kept her head down,
afraid to look at Duane or even notice where they were heading to.

"Were home slut so its time for some more fun" he whispered over to her with an
evil little chuckle. Jill looked up just in time to see him turning down a long
tree lined drive and following a narrow drive back further into the woods until
she seen a big white house. A sense of apprehension overtook her as she thought
so far away anyone he could do what ever he wanted with her and no one would
know it out here. But then she was also thankful at least it was private and no
one would be able to see her trying to get from the car to the house. Duane
parked the car and grabbed the video camera and headed into the house..

"Were home my little pet, now get all of your purchases and get your ass out now
if you know what is good for her. Jill got out her door being careful not to
spill out the purchases in her dress and awkwardly picked up her K-mart
purchases and followed Duane to the house. When they got to the door Duane
looked her over.

"Well where is your paddle slut"

"In the car yet sir"

"Well you had better get your ass over there and get it out now, did you think
we would not be needing it again?"

"I don't know sir"

"Well you had better hope that it is only a reminder of what you got this
morning or I promise you your whacks will not be as light here. Jill quickly got
back to the car trying to juggle everything and reached in for the paddle. No
she had not forgotten it or this morning but vowed it would not happen again.

"Your lucky that I am even letting you in the house, normally I do not let pets
in here so if you do not please me this evening your ass will be sleeping
outside, do your understand me pet Jilly?"

"Yes sir" Jill said frighten at the prospect as you took in the simple
surroundings of the large house.

"Now you see that door on the other side of the great room there"?"

"yes sir"

"well you have about 30 seconds to get over there and get all of your purchases
on the bed and get your ass back out here, do you understand?"

"yes sir"

"Good I need a drink before I can deal with you any longer tonight, and oh when
you come out bring back that shirt that you bought today"

"Yes sir" and just quickly headed across the room to the door on the other side
and went in.

She quickly tried to take in the surroundings as she empties the contents of her
dress and put her purchases down. There was a cannon ball bed in the middle and
a antique white vanity table and mirror that looked to be like a little girls
play set, she also saw one large matching chest next to it and facing the bed on
the other wall was a large screen TV. She thought she seen what might be a
bathroom off the room and over on one side of the room there was what looked to
be a weight bench similar to the one her ex-boyfriend had. It was about 18
inches high by about a foot wide and four feet long and appeared to be bolted to
the floor.

"You had better get your ass out here slut" she heard Duane bellow at her as she
quickly picked up the shirt and headed back out the door. Duane was having a
drink in the kitchen area when she got there.

"Now get it unwrapped" Jill quickly unwrapped the long sleeved silk shirt and
held it up to her boss.

"here he said take these" handing her a pair of scissors

"Now cut every button off of the shirt except two and be quick about it" Quickly
Jill began looking over the shirt for the buttons. Thoughts were racing through
her mind about why she was to cut the buttons, which ones should she get, this
couldn't be for her. he would never make her wear a mans shirt out. Think it
safe you cut the buttons off the sleeves and collar first, hmm she thought I
will cut off the top button and one bellow it but will leave the two bellow it,
that way if I am forced to wear this out I will not be flopping out again. The
bottom three buttons were all cut off figuring that part would be held together
by being tucked in at the least.

"Done sir' she said handing it back to him. feeling a little of the fight coming
back to her thinking she had out thought him.

" now get your ass back in that bedroom pet, we have things to get done"

"yes sir" and Jill headed off to the bedroom with Duane close behind.

"Now strip those cloths off bitch, I have already let you keep them on to long
in my house"

Jill began stripping for him for the second time that day as she seen Duane
disappear  into the bathroom of the bedroom and heard him start the shower.

"Now get your ass in here and get that body and those slut holes of yours
cleaned  and I will be back shortly.

Quickly Jill entered the bathroom and found Duane sitting on the vanity.  "now
get in a get every thing soaped real good and oh leave the door open."  She
stepped into the warm stinging shower. Picking up the soap Jill began to  wash
every part of her body.

" FLASH Startled Jill turned to see her boss taking more pictures  Soap your
breast more Jill." ordered Duane

Jill blushed as her hands moved to her breasts and massaged more soap into  her
soft skin.

" Now Jill be sure to get that pussy of yours clean and here"  he handed her a
bottle of douche. "you will get to  doing that often Jill as I do not want some
stinky pets cunt leaking around my house.  Jills hands slid down and to her
pubic area and worked the douche into her cunt  she had used it a couple of
times in the past and was familiar with it. She worked her fingers  into her
pussy to be sure she got everything out. FLASH An electric shock  went through
her body as her finger brushed her clit. What is wrong with  me she thought as
she quickly pulled her fingers away.

With a knowing smile Duane ordered his little per to turn off the shower and 
step out.

Jill seen him filling a container with warm water and pick up a wash cloth as he
led the  dripping wet Jill back out into the bedroom  and over by the weight
bench.

"Now lay your ass down on the bench Jill and get that hot cunt of yours all the
way to the end  here. Jill laid down on the bench being careful not to fall off.

"Get those Legs spread wide apart cunt"  Jill be spreading her legs thoughts of
the lewd pose she must be in going through her mind, hoping that her boss would
not be able to see the wetness her cunt was holding. wondering what was next. 
"I said get them apart wide as you can cunt" do you need me to get your paddle 
"Jill was shocked but moved her legs open as far she could, feeling the lips of
her cunt pulling apart.

""Hold that pose Jill" FLASH

Jill then felt him place the hot wash cloth of her cunt. The warmth of the warm
water  on her open cunt made her  jump. Again she saw Duane head into the bath
room and that is when she noticed that the video camera was up and pointing
straight at her. Now Duane appeared with  a razor and shaving cream and stopped
between her out stretched legs.  "Please Sir don't do this to me." begged Jill..
"This is evil."  "Shut up Slut" said Duane as she covered her luscious pubs with
shaving cream.  The touch made her jump. .

Duane worked the shaving cream into the thick bush.

Jill felt her nipple stiffen and a very warm feeling flowed through her  body as
Duane slowly and carefully slid the razor through her womanly hair.  Over and
over the razor moved over her pussy. Duane was touching and  pulling her pussy
as he shaved it entirely bare. When all the  hair was gone Duane took a warm
washcloth and cleaned away the remaining  shaving cream.

Duane stepped back. "Smile Jill " FLASH "Spread your pussy lips Jill."  Jill
knew she had no choice as she reach her hands down and spread her  pussy lips
open for her demanding boss FLASH

"Jill is your pussy dripping?" asked Duane as he saw the moisture in  her Jill's
spread pussy.

"Sit up Jilly" he said. Duane held a mirror for his humiliated pet,  "Here take
a close look Jilly."

Jill looked at her bare wet pussy, and the thought of how exposed and bare she
was over took her, she quickly covered her pussy with and hands and yelled at
her boss

"No you can not do this to me and I do not want any more pictures of me"

"I knew you could not be good" he spat out at her" that'll be 10 sacks"

"No I will not let you do that to me" she shot back

"Very well then bitch" he snarled as he grabbed Jill by the arm and led her out
the bedroom and across the great room and back to the front door. He opened it
and pushed Jill out.

"I told you bitch that I had just as soon sent you ass to jail as have to deal
with you, I thought I would be nice and give you a chance to stay out of jail
but now I am done being a nice guy to you. . I am sure a thief like yourself
would not mind being shaven for some big dike for the next 15 years in prison as
he slammed the door on her. Jill started to walk down the steps when

it hit her, what had she done, where would she go naked and shaven like that,
and how could she ever spend the next 15 years in prison. Why had she been so
stupid to make her boss so mad.

Jill turned around and went back to the door and began knocking on it, tears
streaming down her face at not wanting to be there and yet hoping that her new
master would let her back in.

"Please sir please give me one more chance I will be good, sir please Jill
pleaded". finally after pleading for over five minutes the door opened back up.

"How many chances do I have to give a little cunt thief" he hissed at her

"I'm sorry sir, please one more sir I promise to do better"

"Lets get this straight right now Jilly, you do have a choice, you do not have
to be here for this  do you understand that?"

"yes sir"

"You can just rot your ass off in jail if you want and while your rotting in
there I will have the pictures of you getting your ass spanked all over the home
town so even they will not feel sorry for a little thief like you.

"No sir I want this"

"That is right Jilly, this is what you want, its what that hot cunt of yours
needs isn't?"

"yes sir" she said not knowing why her body was betraying her and getting
excited by all of this. Was she saying it now because she did not want to go to
jail or because her cunt was again taking over her decisions.

"Very well get your ass back into the bedroom"

Jill headed back into the bedroom and was soon followed by Duane carrying
several pieces of rope.

"got over there by the bench again and get on your knees cunt, you did not think
there would not be a price to be paid for that outburst"

"No sir but but please" Duane now grabbed a hold of Jill under her arms and
placed over the bench so that she was on her hands and knees will the bench
holding her up across her belly.

Her tits were hanging down over one side of the bench and her ass the other.

"Sir what are you doing"

'Sir I will be good" she pleaded

WHACK Jill felt the sting of her paddle across her upturned ass

"Ouchhhhhhh please sir please "

WHACK the second one had landed and then she remembered

"Sir Sir please may I have an alternative punishment, please"

"Too late for that my little pet, perhaps if you has asked a little sooner for
one then I might  have just let you off with an apology. I suggest you remember
that the next time before your  , whacks have started. Now lets see you have 10
coming yet."

"No sir you have already given me two sir, please I do not need any more" she
managed to get out in-between her sobs.

"I am sorry Jilly but those two did not count because you forgot what you were
suppose to do"

WHACK another one landed on poor little Jills ass as she tried her hardest to
remember what her  boss was talking about.

"Oh oh sir thats one sir ahhh thank-you sir"

"Well glad to see you have remembered pet, I had hoped it would not take you too
many to remember."

WHACK "Two sir, thank-you sir"

"Are you going to be good from now on"

"Yes sir"

WHACK "OWWWWWWwwww three sir, thank-you sir"

"Thank-you for what sir?"

"Sir for ummm teaching me to be good sir"

WHACK "Four sir, thank-you sir" As each blow landed the heat of them seemed to
go straight to Jills cunt, the pain on her ass feeding the fire that was growing
in her cunt.

"And what are you Jill?"

"A hot slut sir"

WHACK "sir five, sir thank-you sir"

"And who's little hot slut pet are you"

"Yours sir all yours"

WHACK "six sir, thank-you Sir"

"And what do little hot slut do?"

What ever there Masters want sir"

WHACK "sir seven, sir thank-you sir" Jill was getting oh so confused, tears
streaming down her face with her cunt and ass almost reaching back for the next
whack"

WHACK "sir eight sir thank-you"

"And I do hope you know finally who owns that hot little slut body of yours now"

"Yes sir, you do sir, you own my hot slut body"

WHACK "sir nine sir, thank-you sir"

"WHACK" "sir ten sir, thank-you sir, please sir no more that is all I have
coming to me"

"Are you going to make me do this all the time to you Jilly"

"No sir no I promise to be better" Jill said , thinking to herself never again
she promised herself did she want to go through this.. The alternate punishments
would have to be better then the pain her ass was feeling.

"Very good my little slut" Duane said as he got down on his knees next to Jills
little upturned ass

and began running his hand over Jills reddened heated ass. Jill jumped at the
first contact of her masters cool hand on her behind, it seemed to only push the
heat further into her already hot and dripping cunt.

"Aaaaaahahhahh" Jill moaned as her masters fingers slipped easily into her cunt.
Jill could not believe the wonderful sensations she was feeling on her shaven
cunt. How it had made her feel more wet and slick then she had ever felt before.
No she did not want this but her cunt was now controlling her senses as she
began to try pushing her hot cunt down further onto her masters fingers. Her
master she thought, now she was even starting to think of him as that but she
didn't care right now, her cunt only needed the relief that had been building in
there all day, her cunt hotter then she could ever remember before.

"You are soaked you like this don't you my pet" Duane whispered to her as he
pushed two fingers in and out of Jills cunt"

"no no sir" she said knowing that her cunt was saying YES. She then felt her
masters fingers slip from her cunt and trail her juices back to her hot ass.

"No no sir please don't stop"

"Stop what my pet ?"

"mmmm your fingers sir your fingers"

"Your cunt needs a fucking doesn't it Jill"

"YES YES SIR fuck me please" Jill cried, her cunt no longer caring what was
right or wrong only that it needed to cum. Duane again moved his finger back
between Jills thighs pushing his thumb up into her hot cunt with his fingers
resting against her erect clit, being able to tease and tease her at his whim
until he has her completely broken down.

"Tell me Jilly you fucked yourself many times with that vibrator, didn't you?"

" No no I would never do that."

"Too bad, I'll bet you would look sexy fucking yourself" Duane said as he rubbed
little circles around her clit.

"Did you suck you boy friends cock Jilly.?"

With a very red face, "Yes," whispered the embarrassed Jill.

"Do you like it?"

"No I only did it because he begged me to.", hissed Jill trying to answer the
questions yet not being able to think over the spasms that were forming in her
cunt.

"Did you swallow his cum?"

"No that's disgusting. Please don't ask me these questions."

" What about your other boy friends Jilly did you suck them too?"

"Yes."

"You like to suck cock ?"

"No, but they wanted it and I loved them."

"But you really like to suck cock don't you Jilly?"

"Yes," whisper Jill

"Have you ever had sex with more than one person at a time?"

"NO"

"Have you had sex with a woman?"

"No. I think that is terrible"

"Have you ever kissed a woman?"

"No"

Jill was very embarrassed discussing her sex live like this but she did not care
as long as the fingering of her cunt continued. Slowly Duane removed his fingers
again from Jills cunt

drawing them back over her ass and using the juices from his fingers to probe
her anus.

"Ever been fucked in the ass Jilly?"

"Absolutely not. I have never had anything in my ass." and then Jill felt her
masters finger slip into her ass. "AAAgggghhh no please not there" Jill then
felt Duanes other hand slip back under her and come to rest on her clit, teasing
it while he slipped his finger in and out of her ass, bring her new sensations
she had never felt.

"Do you want me to continue Jilly,"

"YES YES she pleaded" knowing she was nearing the point of no return

"tell me you have been saving this virgin ass for your master'

"YES YES" she said not knowing what she was saying only knowing that she needed
the fingering to continue.

"I am not sure your tight ass hole would not rip open with my cock going into
it, would you like your master to help you stretch it"

"YES YES" anything she now cried out of frustration from her masters constant
teasing of her slip" Jill then felt her masters hand slip out of her and him
move away from him. Where's he going , where has he gone she thought, he can't
leave me like this. Jill then felt him return, soon she felt him spreading
something wet until her ass hole,

NO NO sir she thought but too weak and out of breath to protest. She then felt
Duanes other hand return to her soaked fuck hole, teasing her clit again.

"You like that slut"

"Yes Yes Yes master " she cried out as she began to feel her master pushing her
butt Plug into her ass.

"No no" Jill pleaded as she tried to wiggle her ass away from the intrusion only
making Duanes

fingers dislodge from her cunt drawing a sigh of frustration from her.

"you want more of that slut"

"yes yes she pleaded" as she again felt his fingers on her cunt and felt
something being pushed further up her ass"

"NO NO " again she cried out again feeling Duanes fingers breaking contact with
her clit

"Want me to continue slut"

"Yes yes sir please sir" as Duane pushed his fingers on her hot clit again and
shoved the remainder  of the butt plug into her as lock it into place. The pain
and pleasure were too much for Jill pushing her to the orgasm she so badly had
needed for so long.

"YES YES YESSSSSSSSSSsssssss she cried out and then suddenly her masters fingers
were gone, gone just when she was there gone when she needed it more then ever.

"NO NO don't stop, fuck fuck me pleaseeeeeee"

"Is my Jilly a horny cunt"? Duane teased

"YES YES:

"Do you want me, "he whispered.

"Yes, oh god yes." Jill moaned, gasping for air.

"Tell me how much."

"Oh my pussy is so wet, and your fingers feel so good on my pussy, please keep
on," Jill begged.

"Do you like this slut, like your Master fucking you like the slut you are. I
know you like it."

Jills mind was racing "Yes Master, I love it, please keep fingering me" and then
she felt that orgasm beginning to overtake her again

"YES YES yeesss " she cried then "NO NO please master don't stop" as Duane again
removed his fingers from her steaming cunt and Jill felt the sting of her
masters slap on her ass.

"listen cunt you don't ever cum without telling me first do you understand
that?"

"yes sir yes please put your fingers back into me" and she felt his fingers
again back on her clit his thumb now jammed back up her hot fuck hole, the dildo
lodged in her ass moving with the movement of his fingers causing feeling of
pleasure she had never known.

"Yes yes anything master" as she neared her peak again

"I'm going to cum I'm going to cum master, aaaaahhhhhhhhh no no" she cried as
her masters fingers were removed again.

"Did you ask permission to cum Jilly?"

"NO no but I told you I was "she cried almost to tears with frustration now

"Please please may I cum master"

"Is Jilly my little horny slut he hissed"

"YES YES I'm your hot horny cunt"

"Stand up Jilly" Duane said as he backed away from her. Jill got up from over
the bench and faced her master, her face flush with excitement. Duane then
turned her away from him and that is when she again seen the video camera,
knowing that it was capturing everything, but she did not care at this point she
only needed to cum so bad. Jill then felt Duanes come up behind her, his naked
body pressed against her, his hard cock resting against her firm ass. She could
feel his hot breath on her hot neck as she felt one hand move to her tits and
began pinching and pulling her nipples as his other hand moved down to her
soaked cunt. Jill could feel her juices running down her legs. And then Jill
again felt his fingers on her quivering clit.

"Is this what my little slut pet wants" as he began to finger her again

"yes yes master"

"Would Jilly like to feel her masters hard cock in her"

"OH GOD yes fuck me fuck me please Master"

"Not until you have earned the right to feel your master cock in that hot cunt
of yours my little slut" just the words and his fingering of her overly aroused
clit soon had her on the verge again

"Master I am going to cum"

"MASTER Master may I please cummmmmmm"

"no yet my pet" he replied as he moved his fingers off her cunt and down to the
mess her juices were making on her thighs"

"why why master I did as you asked, I told you I asked you it I could cummm
please make me cum please" Jill pleaded experiencing a lust she had never felt.
Again she felt his fingers return  to her hot cunt and push little circle around
her clit but never touching it only adding to Jills frustration. She kept
wiggling her ass more and more feeling his stiff cock brushing against her ass,
trying to make his fingers contact her clit, knowing that only a little more is
all she needed.

"Whose hot cunt are you Jill"

"YOURS yours master"

"And what will you do if I let you cum" he asked as he removed his pussy soaked
fingers from her cunt.

"anything anything, I will do as you say"

"Sub sluts never cum until their masters have, do you understand me"

"yes yes master please fuck me with your hard cock"

" I told you that you had not earned that right yet didn't I Jill" he said as
she felt his fingers now tracing around the outside of her cunt but not near
enough to get her off.

"Please please master anything please"

"Tell me you want to suck my cock slut" he said as he again made direct contact
with Jills clit, Jill was now gone with total lust, only needing her the fire in
her loins freed

"Yes yes I will suck your cock" as she was near another peak, anything anything
she didn't care.

"I said tell me you want to slut"

"Yes yes I want to suck your cock sir"

"if you want to cum my little pet beg me" Jill was to the point of not caring
what she was saying

"Please please master let me suck your cock"

"Tell me you want to feel my cum shooting into your mouth" no no Jill thought
some sense of reasoning coming back to her but she could not help it any longer

"Yes please cum in my mouth Master"

"Turn around slut and get on your knees and suck on your master cock" Quickly
Jill was on her knees in front of her master and that is the first she had seen
of her masters cock. so over taken with lust she could not believe how hot it
seemed to her and she immediately pushed it into her mouth.

"That is right my little pet, tell me you want me cum in your mouth"

"Yes yes" Jill said half out of her mind with lust. Not wanting to remove the 
throbbing cock from her mouth Jill could only manage a muffled  cry, wanting now
to feel the first man ever shoot his cum in her mouth,  on her hot tongue,
splash his precious juices on her face  Her head moved up and  down about half
his shaft, low moans escaping her lips as she  sucked him into her eager mouth,
the taste of cum on the tip of  his penis exciting her more as she moved on his
shaft, wanting  the whole load down her throat, tasting it for the first time 
"Start using your tongue to lick my  dick while you suck, and take it all the
way down your throat!",  Duane shouted at her. Jill pushed her head down on his
huge shaft.  It hit the back of her throat and kept on going down. She started
to  gag on it, but could not stop herself from swallowing it all. She  could
feel it spreading her throat as it went down, it's hardness  filling her neck,
as her tongue now began to dart along his  shaft, from the base, all the way to
his sensitive head, where it  danced across the top before started it's journey
back to the  bottom, moving along the veins now sticking out of his rod like 
speed bumps, until her nose buried itself in his pubic hair. She  felt his hands
move to her head, one on each side, grabbing her  hair and guiding her head up
and down on his swollen member, her  mouth working feverishly to bring him off
so she could have the  cum she now wanted to taste.

Duane knew he was about to cum, the pressure building in his  testicles as her
mouth moved up and down his rod, glistening with  her spit. Up and down she
went, her tongue now driving Duane  crazy, licking on each section of his shaft
as she moved her  velvet mouth on it. Finally, he came, his hands pulling her 
sucking mouth into his crotch and burying his dick deep into her  throat as he
began to pump his load into her. He felt her throat  contract again and again,
swallowing all of his cum,  Her throat acting like a hand, milking the cum from
his dick,  and sending it to her stomach and overflowing down the corners  of
her mouth, she gulped, again and  again, the thick fluid finally coming to an
end. Some of his cum leaked out  and down his now spent rod.. Quickly she worked
her  tongue down, cleaning up what had spilled, her tongue making  little
circles around and up his now softening  penis, licking the drops flowing down
its sides, getting back up  to the tip, plunging it once more into her mouth,
sucking on it until  it began to shrink to its normal state, slipping from her
mouth. Jill  now looked up at her master, hoping she had pleased him enough to 
now be allowed to cum. Duane now dropped to his knees next to Jill  "You are a
very good little cock sucker Jill, but you will only get better"  "Sir thank-you
sir, sir may I please cum please" Jill pleaded with him, what  more she thought
could he do to degrade her, he had to let her cum now.  "lay back Jill" Jill
laid back flat on her back, spreading her legs wide, wanting  to feel his touch
again on her hot cunt, and then she felt it, his fingers again back on  her
shaven cunt. parting the lips of her pussy and resting on her clit that had been
erect  for so long, longer then she could ever remember without cumming.

"Yes oh Yes" Jill squealed already starting to feel her cum ready to boil out of
her.

"Does my Jilly pet need to cum?" he asked her

"YES YES master I am going to cum"

"Please please pleaseeeeeeeee let me cum now sir, I have done all you asked, I
have been  good," she pleaded again Duane knowing when to apply pressure and
when not to apply pressure to her hot cunt and clit, keeping her on the edge.

"Would you like a nice hard cock in you Jilly"

"Oh God yes, yes master FUCK ME!!!!!!" she moaned Duane now reached over and
picked up  the 8" rubbed dick Jill had been made to purchase earlier.

"look at the nice cock for my hot little slut" it was then that Jill noticed the
large rubber cock her master was holding in front of her face, yes she had seen
it when she was made to purchase it earlier but but he could not expect her to
fuck herself with that thing, only sluts do that, and she was a not a slut not
yet.

"AAAAAAAAAHhhhh I'm going to cum" she cried but then her masters fingers left
her cunt again.

"NO NO sir I need to cum so bad please"

"Your only going to cum using this sluts cock my pet, now does my little slut
want it or not?" he asked teasing her clit again"

"YES YES give your slut that big cock to fuck herself with please please" Duane
stuck the robber cock up to Jills lips

"Open wide Jilly and suck the cock, show the cock how much you need it" Jill did
not care what this must look like by this point she needed to cum and she
quickly opened her mouth and began running her tongue all around the big rubber
cock"

"Please please master can I put it in my cunt, pleaseeeee"

"Whose hot little slut are you Jilly?"

"yours yours sir please anything sir"

"very well Jilly fuck yourself with this big rubber cock and show me what a hot
slut I have here?"

he whispered in her ear. Jilly quickly took the rubber cock out of her masters
hand and out of her mouth and rammed into her soaked cunt, now having both holes
filled more then she had ever known. Before she even got the second thrust into
her she was cumming so hard she thought she might pass out
"Unnnnnnghhhhhhhh!!!!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! Yessssssssss!!!!!!",  cried Jill as
her body jerked uncontrollably. Her head jerked back  and forth, her hips
thrusted back and forth and her muscles  tensed as the orgasm ran through her
body. Exhausted her body went limp in total and ultimate relief, her hands
falling to her sides, the big rubber cock still stick half way out of her cunt.

"Did my pet Jilly have a nice cum" Duane asked her, bringing Jill back to her
senses.

"yes master yes thank-you" Jill said but now her mind and will seeming to be
able to overtake the lust of her cunt. God how could I do that, how could I let
myself act like such a slut she thought as she felt her master removing the
rubber cock from her cunt.

"open your eyes pet" Duane whispered to her, as she did she seen the rubber cock
again in front of her face, smeared with her juices.

"now time to clean off the nice cock of all those nasty slut juices of yours
pet" Duane said as  he pressed the cock to her lips" Jill opened her mouth to
protest but when she did she found the slickness of her juices on the cock made
it slide in easily, she started to gag now on both the size and the taste and
thought of what she was doing"

"What don't like the taste of that Jilly" Jill tried to shake her head no but
was unable to move it much with the rubbed dick firmly in her mouth.

"Too bad but you will" he chuckled as her as he pulled it back out of her mouth.

"now my little slut lick all the rest of it off if you know what is good for
you" Jill looked in Duanes eyes and could see this was no time to protest as she
began to slide her tongue up and  down and all around the cock that had just
been in her cunt, cleaning every last bit of her cunt juices that were on
there... Duane then pulled the butt plug out of Jills ass that had been so well
lodged there and Jill let out a moan at its release.

"and yes Jilly soon we will have that virgin ass of yours ready to give to your
master, you'll  like that won't you Jilly"

"yes sir" Jilly said, knowing better then to displease him now. She could fight
him better on fucking her as at a later time, when she had more strength and
will power over her hot cunt she thought.

Get up Jilly and take your toys here with you into the bathroom and get them
cleaned up for the next time you will need them and then come back out here to
me. While Jill when into the bathroom, Duane scooped up the rest of the things
that Jill had bought that day and took them to the living room, he had plans for
one of them and had to make a few minor chances to tonight and the rest of them
Jill would get to enjoy later. When Jill came out of the bathroom he was there
standing waiting for her.

"Here put this on he said" handing her the shirt that she had bought earlier,
the one that she had cut all but two of the buttons off. Jill began putting on
the shirt

"From now on every time you enter this house you will immediately strip all of
your clothing off at the door unless I say otherwise and you will either wear
your new slut shirt her or nothing, do you understand me?"

"yes sir" Jill said now buttoning the last button. She looked down to see that
the buttons she had left on did keep her tits from poking out but did nothing to
keep her shaven cunt from showing through the opening in the bottom. Why did she
not leave one of those buttons on she thought as she looked to see that the
shirt tail barely went over the cheeks of her ass and was cut on the sides
almost to her waist. At least she thought she would never have to be seen in it.

"Yes Jilly that shirt definitely has slut written all over it, the same look
that is all over your face"  he said as he smiled at her

"now get into bed , you need your rest for the big day you have ahead of you
tomorrow" as he turned out the light to her room and left.

Jill laid in bed not believing what had happened to her that day. being spanked
for the first time ever, having a guy cum in her mouth for the first time,
fucking herself with a rubber cock, what had she done, what was he turning her
into. Well she may be trapped here she thought, but he can not make her enjoy
it. Tomorrow, yes tomorrow she would do a better job of not letting her cunt do
the thinking for her.

MORE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST

Coming soon, part three "JILLY MEETS AMY"

Comments can be sent to    ruready2@prodigy.net




THIS STORY IS PROTECTED UNDER THE LAWS OF COPYRIGHT. ANY REPRODUCTIONS,
ALTERATIONS, AND/OR SALES WITHOUT THE WRITTEN PERMISSION OF THE AUTHOR
IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

Warning: This story is about non-consensual domination. It is fiction, but it is
erotic - despite or perhaps partly because its non-consensual.

This story is written for adults. If the humiliation and sexual exploitation of
a fictional girl is something you might find offensive, please stop reading now.

You should also keep in mind that this is a work of fiction and This story is
(c) copyrighted by DM L 1999, but feel free to post it unchanged anywhere on the
Internet in places where people are interested in this sort of thing.

BLACK MAILING JILL PART 3

As Jill began to come out of her sleep the next morning, she could not help but
think of the wild dream that she had that night, thinking of all the things she
had been made to do. She could not help but run a hand up her thighs to give her
clit a little rub at how much her imagination and her fantasy had turned her on.
And then as her hand touch her shaven cunt, it hit her, this was not a dream at
all. Immediately she shot up in bed to the sounds of moaning, only to see
displayed on the big screen TV in front of her the video taken of her last
night. She could not believe it, there she was larger then life lying on the
floor, a butt plug up her ass and thrusting that fake cock in and out and
thrashing around like she was insane. My god she thought, that couldn't have be
me, I am not like that, and yet seeing it all again was making her moist again.

"Good Morning Jilly" she heard, startling her at first. Jill could not figure
out where the voice was coming from and then she seen the intercom on the wall.

"I will expect you to freshen up and then you may join me in the kitchen for
breakfast" she heard him say.

"yes sir" she said, it all becoming clear to her again. Jill threw back the
covers on the bed and sat up, that is when she noticed how sore her ass was from
the spankings she had gotten yesterday. I will not let him spank me today, she
thought I will not give him that satisfaction. Quickly Jill got up and ran over
to the VCR and pulled the tape out and tried hiding it under the bed. She would
get rid of it later when she had a chance so that no one could ever see it she
thought. She then noticed just how revealing the shirt was that she was wearing.
She went into the bathroom so she could look into the mirror and try adjusting
it best to hide her.

She turned around and looked back in the mirror as she lifted the little shirt
tail that was just covering her ass, she could not help now rubbing her ass and
feeling the soreness from the stinging whacks, running her finger up to the
entrance of her ass, remembering the invasion of her tiny hole by that huge butt
plug, the thought of it now had her pushing her finger into her tight brown
hole, remembering the pain and pleasure that it had brought her other hand now
coming around to give her clit a needed fingering. No no she thought, this is
not what I what as she quickly turned around and again tried straightening her
shirt down releasing that no matter how hard she tried, every time she took a
step it would begin to open up revealing her cunt. Who cares she thought, I am
not going to give him the benefit of knowing the it bothers me.

Jill proceeded out towards the kitchen, as she crossed across the great room she
noticed there on the TV was another tape of her from yesterday playing, her
spread over her bosses desk, panties down around her knees, holding her dress up
and getting her behind spanked. Just seeing caused her to rub her behind
remembering the pain and humiliation of it all. Dam she thought how many of
those tapes does he have.

" Good Morning my little pet" Duane said as Jill reached the kitchen.

"Morning sir" Jill managed, thinking nothing good about it. Then she noticed
Duane reaching his hand out to her, his palm facing up about waist level.

"Well" Duane looked at her and said

"Well aaaahhh what sir" Jill spoke not knowing what he wanted, hoping she had
not displeased him already.

"You know nothing of the rules yet do you "? he asked her

"I am not sure what you mean sir"

"What do you have to have your ass whacked before you learn my little slut"

Duane asked, sounding agitated with Jill

"No sir please do not do that again please I do not know" Jill started to sob

"What do you expect me to do Jilly, teach you how to be a good little sub slut?"

Duane shouted at her. Jill was silent, not knowing what to say but knowing that
she had better answer him soon.

"Yes sir"

"Yes sir what, and now you broken another rule, I do think you need some whacks"

"No sir please I do not need those,

Please sir train me how to be a good little sub slut." Jill managed to get out,
thankful that she had remembered how to answer questions.

"Is that what you want Jilly to be trained to be my little slut"

"yes sir" Jill answered. My god Jill thought now he has me asking for this and
my cunt is leaking by it all again. Duane again extended his hand palm up to
Jill

"Jilly see my hand here?"

"Yes sir"

"Well anytime you see me with my hand out like this it means I want to check my
little sluts cunt for wetness. And since you are my little slut that means when
you see me with my hand out like this you are to immediately come over and place
your naked cunt against my palm so that I may check you, do you have that?"

"yes sir yes" Jill whispered

"And I don't care where we are, if you see me like this you have 30 seconds to
get your naked cunt on it or that'll be 10 whacks for every five seconds you are
late doing it. I'll bet that little ass of yours can lean that" he sneered at
her

"yes sir yes I understand" fearful of even hearing about more whacks to her sore
ass. Duane again extended his hand out towards Jill, this time she knew what he
meant and lifted her little shirt out of the way and moved forward until her
cunt was now resting in the palm of his hand. The thought of his hand now
pushing up against her hot cunt made her think of all of the teasing that her
cunt had taken from him the day before,, when she felt his fingers now begin
sliding back and forth along the lips of her cunt, causing an involuntary grunt
to come out of her mouth.

"Well I can see that you are moist my pet but I do not think that you have done
as little sluts are suppose to do yet this morning"

"What is that sir" Jill answered meekly

"Well the first thing you will do every morning as soon as you drag your
thieving ass out of bed is to hit the shower and make sure you douche that fuck
hole of yours out and then to make sure your other fuck holes are nice and clean
to you understand me" he snapped

"yes sir"

"you will find your bathroom stocked with all that you need and I have already
put the cost of everything on the debt you are building to me, that's another
$139.65 in case you are keeping track. "

"But sir how can I ever get all that paid off with everything else"

"Well guess you should have thought of that before you put your dirty thief
hands on my checkbook cunt. Now if you don't like it we can always just ...."

"no sir no this will be OK" Jill quickly said, interrupting Duane before he ever
finished, knowing what the other option was.

"And now to continue, once you are done cleaning up you will immediately go back
to you bed and lay down and finger your hot cunt and little clit. You will
finger it until you can finger it no more without cumming and then you will stop
and proceed with the rest of your day. That way my little Jillys cunt will be
nice and wet and horny for me just the way I like it."

"But sir, how can I do that, it will be so hard for me to do it and then to stop
right at that time?" Jill asked quizzically.

"Well my little pet I would think the thought of having your ass whacked ought
to help you control yourself, and if you look right over there in the corner you
can see that I will know exactly what you are doing in there." and there in the
corner Jill seen the monitor and on it was a split screen, one part was the
camera showing her bedroom and then she also notice that another camera was
aimed directly at her shower.

"Oh so your have to snoop and peep on me like a pervert is that it" she snapped

at him, suddenly remembering that she had let her big mouth get her in trouble
again.

"Listen to me you little bitch" Duane said sternly to her while grabbing her
arm.

" I am doing that for you own good so that you do not get into trouble. Had I
have kept a better eye on you and my books you would not be in the situation
that you are in now, would you?"

"no sir" she said hoping this would be just a lecture for her

"so what do you say for me trying to keep you out of getting into more trouble?"

"Thank-you sir for putting those cameras in to keep me out of trouble sir"

"See I am only trying to help you here and that is why you are going to get 10
whacks for talking to me in that tone of voice" he hissed at her.

"No no sir please, I am sorry sir. Ahh sir may I please have an alternate
punishment, please sir instead of the spanking sir." Jill begged.

"Well I will have to think of something, but for now we will put your whacks on
hold until later to day at least and see how you are doing.

"Thank-you sir thank-you. And may I go and clean my fuck holes now for you sir?"
Jill asked hoping to get away from him before he changed his mind on the whacks
and not wanting to chance displeasing him further.

"Well yes but just one minute my pet. I must say I am sorry for not giving you
this sooner, but we got so busy last night taking care of that hot fuck hole of
yours that it slipped my mind and I am sure that you must be disappointed about
it." With that Duane pulled out the studded collar that Jill had picked up
yesterday at K-mart.

"Here let me place it around my little pets neck so that it will be very easy
for you to remember that you are nothing more then my little play thing. "with
that Duane placed it securely around Jills neck.

"yes that does look appropriate on you and I'll bet it must feel wonderful to
know that you are now a collared little slut, showing that you belong to your
master"

"Ahh yes sir, thank-you sir" Jill said as you reached up to feel it around her
neck, not knowing what else she could possibly say to keep from getting any more
whacks.

"And unless you are told otherwise you will always be wearing a collar, either
that one or maybe another one to match your outfit if we are going out. Do you
understand that my little slut"

"yes sir"

"And that your slutty body belongs to your master"

"yes sir" Jill said meekly

"Good, then you can be excused to do what you should have done first thing this
morning"

"yes sir" she said and headed for the bedroom. When Jill got into her bathroom
she cold not help but look into the mirror at her new collar, and the boys who
picked that one out for her, and how she was so embarrassed to lift her skirt so
they could see her spanked ass and how.... oh my god Jill thought as she
suddenly realized that her hand had automatically wandered to her clit and she
was teasing it, just thinking of yesterday again, her juices starting there mad
flow out of her cunt. No no I will not think like this she thought as she
stepped in the shower to get clean as per her orders and to try and cool down.
As Jill started soaping off, she could not help but think of the things that had
happened to her, and running her hands down over her soapy body to hot shaven
cunt, and she soon was again pushing her fingers in and out of her cunt and over
her now ever increasing clit. Now learning back against the wall fingering
faster and faster, her breathing becoming more rapid now, the thought that Duane
could be watching her right now exciting her ever more when she quickly stopped,
knowing that she might be being watched and knowing what her instructions were.
Jill finished getting cleaned and douched and out of the shower as quick as she
could. She dried off and put her little skimpy shirt back on and headed for her
bed. Now she must finger herself she thought, but how was she ever going to do
that when none of this was a turn on for her. Not the spankings, no being shown
off in public or having her ass stuffed or being made to let her master cum in
her mouth , not oh yes yes Jill thought as she started pushing her hips to meet
the thrusting her fingers were now doing in and out of her cunt. Yes yes oh I
don't care she thought oh I want to cum, yes yes I am almost there she huffed,
now one hand busy ramming as many fingers into her cunt as she could get while
the one was rubbing her clit faster and faster, bringing her to the climax that
was building the orgasm that she so badly wanted right now. She didn't care if
he was watching her finger fuck herself. she was to far gone now to care,
besides what could he do to stop her, whacks she thought and somehow managed to
get her fingers off her cunt before cumming. Jill laid there panting and
weeping, her orgasm so close her frustration so high.

"well I see my little slut has now got her cunt wet and horny like a good slut"
she heard Duane say, startling her back to reality.

"yes sir " Jill managed to get out over her panting. She could not help but
notice that Duane had what looked like several large framed pictures or
something that he was setting down against the wall and some sort of black box
with him.

"Well my pet, I have to go to the office for a few hours but have a little
something to keep you busy while I am gone." he said as he left the room again.
Good Jill thought while he is gone it will give me a chance to look around for
those tapes.

Jill then noticed Duane entering the room carrying several cuff looking things,
rope and that butterfly thing she was forced to buy yesterday.

"Well pet, while I am gone I am going to give you a chance to learn all the
little slut rules that you have and because I want to keep your day enjoyable
and to keep you from looking around and getting into trouble." With that Duane
placed Jills pillows up against the head board and had Jill then half sit and
lay up against. He then fastened a locking cuff with right to each of her ankles
and wrists. Jill was to exhausted to offer any physical resistance and to out of
breath yet to off any kind of protests. Soon she found herself securely tied
spread eagle to all four corners of the bed. She found that even tho the ropes
were not pulled tight, they left her no opportunity to move them other then a
few inches.

"There we go, tied up just like a little pet to keep you out of trouble, And to
make sure that you have an enjoyable day you we have this" he said holding up
the butterfly like contraption which he now began securing with the straps to
her hairless cunt. Her cunt so wet it slipped easily between the folds of her
pussy, the head of it coming to rest against her still aroused clit and the tail
of just extending to the boot of her fuck hole. Duane then moved off the bed and
over to the wall behind the big screen TV where he picked up the large frames he
was holding and turned them around to show Jill.

"because you asked me to help train you to be a good little slut and I know how
you want to stay away from those whacks, I have framed all of your little slut
rules so that you may read and learn them while I am gone.' With that Duane then
hung the three large frames on the wall." Jill began to read each one of them

RULES FOR SLUTTY JILL

1. Cunt shaven and wet at all times.

2. All males will be addresses as Sir and all Females with Ms first.

3. You will show respect to everyone and everything at all times

4. You will always answer questions asked of you properly.

5. You will always say when you are getting ready to cum.

6. You may never cum without permission.

7. You will always finger fuck yourself first thing in the morning, before
getting out of bed until you can touch yourself no longer without cumming.

8. Masters collar to be worn at all times.

9. First thing when entering masters house is to strip naked or strip and put on
little slut shirt.

10. You will understand that you cunt is your masters to tease and play with
anytime or place that he wishes.

11. All matters of dress will always be approved by master and the wearing of
panties will be at your masters option.

12. You will always do as told immediately and will never embarrass your master
with hesitation.

13 You will take all spankings appropriately and understand that they are for
your own good to help make you a better little slut.

As Jill began to finish reading them she noticed Duane fooling with the VCR and
turning the TV on and then go over to the new little box that he had brought in
and began fooling with it.

"Well my little pet Jill, I have some business that must be taken care of this
morning, I think this will entertain you and with having all of your little slut
rules to learn, I am sure you will have plenty to keep you busy while I am gone"
with that Jill seen him exit her room. Immediately Jill began checking her
restraints to see how easily she might be able to free herself but could tell by
the way the ropes were tied and her wrists and cuffs secured that it would be a
waste of energy to try. Jills concentration was broken when she began to here
the moaning and groaning of sex when she looked up and noticed a XXX movie
playing of the VCR. There on the large screen in front of her where a male and
female locked in a heated 69 position, with the female lavishing kisses and
licks on the hard cock inches from her face.

She was remembering the position she was in last night when she was forced to do
the same to Duane, and how he made her..

"YIKES" Jill screamed, startled more then anything as she began to feel
something pushing between the folds and slipping into her cunt. Jill began
trying to thrust her hips in the air so she could see what was invading her cunt
when you began to feel the hum of a vibrator pressing against her clit.

"AAAAAAGGGHHHHHHHH yes yes" screamed as she felt her stiff clit now getting the
attention that is had been craving since you fingered herself that morning.

Jill began thrashing her hips and hot cunt around, enjoy the strange feeling
that were not over taking her hot cunt, when suddenly the vibrating stopped.

"NO NO not yet" Jill screamed as she then felt what ever was poking in and out
of her wet hole also come to a stop. GOD!!!!! What was that he put on me Jill
thought, wanting to see better the contraption that she had purchased yesterday
and now was held firmly attached to her cunt. Again her eyes were centered on
the TV in front of her as she now watch the girl getting her cunt reamed by that
hot cock she had been licking on and that was attached to the stud fucking her.
It was then that she again felt something curling up and pressing into her hot
cunt. As she was finally able to arch her hips up enough to see the tail of the
butterfly on her cunt was now rolling up pushing itself into her hot cunt with
each roll only to start uncurling when it reached the top and then suddenly she
felt the low hum and sensations of the vibrator on her cunt.

"yes yes" Jill thought thankful that the pleasant feeling had now returned to
her cunt.

She was now pushing her hips as if fucking an imaginary lover as she caught how
the couple on TV were fucking only causing her to buck her hips more when
suddenly the butterfly when dead again. "No no no" Jill shouted, how can this be
happening to me, how long must I go on before this thing will satisfy my hot
horny cunt. Jill then began trying to read all the rules that she was suppose to
be learning trying to keep her mind off the fucking videos and the fire in her
cunt.

Duane could not help but wonder when he got to the plant how his little pet was
enjoying her day. One thing he was sure of was by the time her got back home in
another 5 or 6 hours her cunt would be ready and horny enough for anything.

Yes he was proud of how well the training with Jill was going and made a call to
Amy to make sure that she was clear on what his plan was for that evening for
Jill and exactly what Amy suppose to say. Duane was sure of how Jill would act
that evening and knew his plan would have her right where he wanted her. The
rest of the afternoon was almost as hard on Duane concentrating on what he had
to get done as it was on Jill. Duane had an important government contract that
he wanted to get finished before the end of the week. Getting it done early
would be a huge bonus for his company and also help to obtain more orders in the
future which could mean the hiring of additional employees and a need for
expansion and growth in the future. Getting the work force to put forth their
maximum effort would be the key and he knew offering the employees a nice cash
bonus for completing it would help but he needed even more of an incentive for
the guys. As he racked his brain trying to think of something he could not help
but let his mind wander to what Jill must be looking like right now and the
predicament she was in when finally it hit him. Yes he thought the perfect
little incentive for the guys as an evil little grin crossed his face. And
perfect timing he thought just before he had planned on leaving for the day he
finally had the solution he was looking for and he was sure that since Jill had
been tied up like that for almost 6 hours now she would be more happy to see his
return, and with that thought he headed out of the office and back to his little
play toy.

When Duane got back home he crept into the house quietly not wanting to let
Jilly know he was home yet. As he crept closer and closer to Jills door he could
hear not only the moaning of the actors on the television but was happy to hear
the unmistakable sounds of Jills moaning and thrashing.

"Well I hope my little pet has had a nice day" he said as he entered the room .
Jill was startled to see him at first but then caught herself before she could
lash out at him. How could that bastard do this to me she thought. He had no
right to be putting her through this and how could he be so cruel to leave her
tied like that all day, like he was trying to torture her. In her beaten state
all Jill could do was moan to him in response to her question.

"Well I think we are done with the for now" Duane said has he walked over to the
bed and began removing the butterfly that was still lodged firmly between the
folds of Jills cunt.

"yes I can see by hot your cunt juices are dripping off your little friend here
that you must have had a very enjoyable day" he snickered as he now held the
butterfly to Jills lips.

"Here you go Jilly, time to clean your little friend before we put it away"

No no Jill thought that is so nasty but she knew better then to refuse Duane and
she slowly stuck her tongue out and began to lick around the rubber butterfly
that had sat there teasing her cunt all day. As Jill began licking off and
tasting her own juices you could not help but let her mind wander to all the
scenes in the movies were two girls were eating each other out and she almost
felt like she was a lesbian just licking up her own fuck juices She tried
quickly to put that thought out of her mind, not wanting to be reminded of how
all the hotter her cunt seemed to get that afternoon every time a taboo scene
like that was showing.

"MMMMMMMMmmmmmm" Jill hissed as she know begin to feel her masters pushing
through the folds of her soaked cunt.

"I do think my little pet could use a nice cum this afternoon" he asked her as
he now made little traces around the outside of her cunt.

"Yes or please yes" Jill hissed now picking up the pace of her licking of her
little toy.

"Would Jill like a nice stiff cock in her cunt"

"yes yes please fuck me master" not even caring if she was calling him master as
long as her cunt got a fucking like she had been watching all day.

"Who is my hot little sub slut"

"I am am" Jill panted out

"YES yes master please don't stop" she now pleaded her legs becoming stiff, her
breathing labored and her clit feeling like it was going to explode as it danced
under Duanes fingers"

"I am going to cum I am going to cum" Jill screamed

"Please may I cum now, please make me cum master" she pleaded

"OF course my little pet may cum for her master, she has been such a good little
slut today that.............. oh oh that is right you have some whacks coming
first" he said as he moved his fingers off Jills erect clit and pushed them down
to just resting on the entrance to her cunt"

"No no sir you said I could have something else for a punishment instead please
don't stop finger fucking me please" she began almost whimpering now.

"That is right, you said you wanted an alternate punishment"

"yes sir yes please may I cum"

"Well then since you were not a very good little slut this morning then for your
punishment you will not be able to cum"

"No no please sir not that, I need it so bad" I'll pleaded now struggling hard
against her restraints to try and free one of her own hands again to use on her
soaked cunt."

"No my little pet you will learn that only good little pets get to cum and maybe
when you have proven to me that you can be good will you get to cum again". With
that Duane got up and left the room. Jill was now alone again, tears welling up
in her eyes and falling across her cheeks. Crying because of the power he had
over her, because she was not strong enough to overcome her cunts desires,
crying because what she need the most, an orgasm was not going to happen. How
much more could he put her through or force her to endure she thought. Shortly
Duane was back in the room. "Well I hope you are learning your lessons pet so we
do not have to repeat them"

"yes sir" Jill said as she lowered her eyes not wanting him to see her condition

"And did you study all of your little slut rules"

"yes sir, I think I know them all"

"Very good pet, because from now on breaking them will get you an ever more
severe spanking then the ones you have already had'" he said as he began to
unfasten her restraints.

"Now why don't you go and take a shower, I think you could use a little cooling
off right now and I think I might like to take my pet out to dinner and maybe
dancing later. How would you like that".

'Yes sir I would enjoy that" Jill said almost relieved that she was getting out
for awhile.

"And I will see if maybe I can find you a little something to wear this evening
since your other cloths are not in the best of shape."

"Thank-you sir'" Jill said as she tried smiling at him as she headed for the
shower.

Maybe this will not be too bad Jill thought, how could it be any worse then last
night and it will be almost like a date with him. Sure maybe thats what it is
she thought. Had he of asked me to go out before this I might have, she thought
and now maybe if I can get him to like me this could be workable she grinned.
Yes that is it, I will earn his trust and show him what a good person I am and
he will certainly call this whole thing off. Jill began smiling from ear to ear
thinking that now maybe things were going to work out OK as she stepped from the
shower, only to see Duane waiting in the bedroom area for her. She wrapped her
towel around her thinking how sex he might think she looked in it as she went to
see what he might have found for her to wear.

"Where in the FUCK does it say anywhere in your rules about wearing a towel
around your slutty body" He snarled at her

"I am sorry sir" she said as she quickly let the towel drop to the floor
revealing her naked body.

"please sir, I only wore it out because I thought you would like it" she tried
explaining to him.

"Well lets make this perfectly clear my little Jilly, you do not think, I will
do that for you do you understand/"

"Yes sir"

"All you have to do is exactly as you are told when you are told. If this is any
indication of the way you are going to act tonight then we can just stay home
and whack your ass all night until you learn. He spat out at her, showing his
anger with the tone of his voice.

"No sir no please, I want to go out with you and I promise to be very good
tonight and do exactly as I am told" Jill pleading, not wanting the other
option.

"here put these on" he said as he threw her what appeared to her to be a skirt
and top." Jill grabbed the black knit skirt and as she was trying to slip it on
could not help but notice it was only a size 8, a size smaller then she usually
wore. She pulled it up past her thighs and over her rounded ass to her waist and
then reached down to try and straighten it out. My god she thought I can't wear
this it is only a few inches below my ass and cunt.

"And now the top to your outfit my little pet"

Jill took what now she new was a tube top and pulled it over her neck and down
over her tits. It also felt as if it were a size too small and was so tight that
she was not sure if she could even breath wearing it. "Now you may go back to
the bathroom and comb your hair and straighten yourself out before we go"

"But sir please may I wear panties, please sir" she begged

"I have never been out without any on and this dress is so short, please sir"

"Well I would let you pet but you remember your panties ended up in the waste
paper basket at the office, remember?" he said

"I know sir but, what about, what about those panties I bought yesterday at
K-mart sir. Sir they are red and they will match the color of my top real nice.
I am sure I will look sexy in them just for you sir, please."

"Well Jilly, I really had other plans for them but if you want them this evening
then that is fine with me. I will get them after I get ready and bring them back
in to you."

"Thank-you sir" Jill said as she went into the bathroom to fix her hair. She
could not believe it when she saw herself in the mirror. There were her harden
nipples sticking out the front of the tube top like 2 bright headlights. She
tried reaching in and fussing with her nipples, trying to push them down or to
the sides and tried playing with and stretching the top a little but it was no
use. The attention and extra rubbing of the fabric against her nipples were only
causing them to stick out more.

She turned around and looked over her shoulder and could not believe that he
would actually want her wearing a skirt so short out with him. And she knew even
worse then being short that it was so tight and being made of knit would make it
continually want to keep creeping up her legs higher and higher until her whole
ass was exposed. She would have to keep pulling it down all night she thought.
But she was relieved to think that she was going to at least be able to wear
panties under it. Yes she had talked him into that and she would consider it as
her first little victory over him bring a smile to her face.

"Well are you ready" he asked

"Yes sir" Jill said bounding out of the bathroom with the fresh attitude that
she had won something.

"Well here is your little red slut panties for my little hot slut" Taking the
panties Jill began to slip them on and under her skimpy little skirt.

"And I do not think a thick black collar with studs on it would be very
appropriate to wear out this evening do you my pet" he asked

"No sir, what ever you want sir" Jill said causing even a bigger smile to cross
her face as she removed the collar that she had been wearing all day

"That is why I have brought you in your red collar" he said as he took it out of
his pocket and began placing it around her neck." Jills smile quickly began to
fade as she felt the new collar being attached around her neck. Well at least it
is smaller and I still did win with the panties she tried thinking to console
herself.

"And here is even a nice little matching red purse to go with your outfit" he
said as he handed Jill a purse no bigger then 4 X 6 inches.

"And I think the only things you will need to put in there are your ID and Visa
card,

since it is hardly a big enough purse to hold too many things that you do not
need."

Jill went over the vanity and took her ID and charge card out of her wallet and
opened the purse to stick them inside and was shocked to see the little vibrator
that she had purchased.

"I took the liberty of putting that in there for you since I know that no slut
would ever want to be out with out that with her." The thought that anytime she
had to open her purse that anyone around would easily be able to see that thing
sticking out sent a chill down Jills back. She would have to be very careful
when she went in there she thought, yet before closing her purse she could not
resist the urge to run her finger along the sleek shiny object causing her pussy
to twitch even more at the thought of how it would feel sliding in to her.

"Shall we go" he said as he began to lead her out of the room. Oh you had better
bet your little shirt there to hang by the door if you want to have anything on
when you get home tonight" he said to her. Quickly Jill picked up her shirt and
followed Duane out of the room towards the front door.

"See there is even a special hook by the door for you to hang it on"Duane
pointed out to her.

"And oh yes I think we should at least get a few pictures of little slutty Jill
before you goes out for the first time in her new role" and with that Duane
remove the camera from his pocket and pointed it at Jill.

"Now give me your best little slutty smile" he said as Jill tried hard to force
a smile out of her face.

FLASH

"And now turn around and bend over a little bit so can have one of your showing
off just how skimpy a dress my hot little slut is wearing" Jill turned around
and started to bend over a little.

"Oh yes there is that cute little ass and red panties, didn't have to bend over
much to give that picture, did you Jilly" he said as he laughed at her.

FLASH

"Now for the last one, turn back around and now give your nipples a few pinches
to make sure they are standing out real nice for the camera" Jill placed her
hands on each nipple and began pinching and pulling on them, embarrassed to be
made to do this for the camera yet not being able to control the pleasure it was
giving her.

"Ok now grab the bottom of your skirt and lift it up to your belly so that we
can have nice picture of those slut panties." Slowly Jill began to raise her
skirt until her panties were completely exposed, feeling more and more like the
hot little slut that she was being trained to be.

FLASH

"There that should do it for the pictures my little pet but you know there is
one more thing that I forgot before we go and see you with those little slut
panties on just made me think of it." With that he walked over to where Jill was
holding her skirt and begun tugging her little panties down over her thighs.

"Sir sir what is that for? You said I could wear panties tonight, please do not
take them off me" she said, the embarrassment of it now starting to cause her
pussy to leak out her juices again.

"Oh no pet, you asked if you could wear these panties and I said yes and would
never go back on that but there was just one thing I forgot to mention earlier.
See I had you get those panties to help hold these in your hot cunt" Duane said
to her as he pulled out the two little silver balls that Jill had gotten at the
bookstore.

"Now you had better get those legs of yours spread wider apart for me if you do
not want to go out wearing your butt plug too". With that Jill quickly spread
her legs at least 2 feet apart as she then felt Duane slip first one then the
other up her cunt. He had no problem pushing them in as her cunt was now soaked
already.

With that Duane pulled her panties up tightly against her cunt and gave her
little ass a playful spank.

"There those should make your evening a little more pleasurable " he said as he
began to help Jill roll her tight little skirt back down over her ass. Jill was
hardly moving yet she could feel the strange sensations in her cunt begin cause
by the rolling of the little balls inside the other ones.

"please sir, please I will go nuts sir if I have to wear these all night. Please
may I wait to have them in until we get home tonight?" she asked in her sweetest
voice, hoping to try any approach to get her way again.

"Look my little slut, here are your options, wearing the panties with the balls
or no panties without the balls, well what do you want?" he yelled at her. Jill
could not believe it, that was no option at all.

"I will wear the panties sir" Jill said too embarrassed to ever think about
going out with out any under a normal dress, yet with the one she had on.

"Just remember that for the next time, do you understand me"?

"Yes sir" she said heading out the door towards the car, trying to tug and pull
her little skirt down already.

"And listen Jill I am not going to be embarrassed all night but having your
constantly pulling at your skirt. From now on tonight you will not touch your
skirt again without my permission, or you'll be wearing it around your waist the
rest of the night, do you understand me"

"Yes sir" she said as she opened the door and slid into the seat as best she
could without the skirt riding even higher.

"Get those legs spread apart" he snapped at her

"Sluts never keep their legs together because they are always trying to air out
their soaked cunts" he said as Jill slowly spread her knees and legs apart,
feeling her damp panties stretch across her cunt. At least it was dark out she
thought and no one would be able to see in as she tried looking straight to
avoid looking at anyone who might be able to see in. Jill could not believe how
bump the road was or at least seem to be to her as every little bump and
vibration cause the balls inside her cunt to roll around making her unable to
take her mind off the need her cunt had for relief.

As they pulled up to the fancy restaurant Jills worst fears were happening,
Duane was pulling up to the valet parking and there was a young man waiting to
open the doors for them. As the young man pulled open Jills door to help her she
felt her face get as flush and red as her panties, stepping out in front of this
young man showing her slut panties, hoping that he could not tell how soaked
there were.

When Jill got out and stood there by the car, she could not help but look down
and see that her little skirt was now well above her cunt.

"Damit Jill would you quit acting like such a slut and pull that skirt down over
the panties" he said to her loud enough so she was sure the teenager heard.
Quickly Jill pulled her skirt down, too embarrassed to now look anywhere but
down at being called that in front of the young man. As the entered the
restaurant and were being led to the table Jill could again begin to feel her
skirt riding up over her ass.

"sir may I please pull my skirt down" Jill whispered to Duane, thinking every
eye in the place must be on her.

"listen pet I told you I would tell you when to pull it down so do not ask
again, do you understand me?"

"Yes sir" she said at least glad they had now arrived at their table. Quickly
Jill slid into the booth they were shown too, wondering if they were led to an
out of the way table because of the slutty way she was dressed. Jill found it
hard to eat. constantly feeling Duanes hand slide up her thighs and pushing her
panties between the folds of her cunt making the little balls rolls each time
her did it. Jill was sure that by now there was not a dry spot left on her
panties and began to wonder if she would not be causing a wet spot to form on
her litle skirt and the thought that her skirt was now well above her hot cunt
wondering how she would ever be able to step out of the booth with out flashing
everyone in the place only served to make her cunt wetter.

Jill was happy to be getting out of there when the waiter brought over the
check.

"pay the man pet, I hope you have money or your going to be a busy girl trying
to earn enough money tonight at $5 a pop to pay for it" he chuckled at her. Jill
being embarrassed by his remark in front of the waiter quickly grabbed her purse
and opened it without thinking, now exposing its contents to the waiter. Quickly
Jill tried reaching past the vibrator to grab her card.

"Well as you can see " Duane said to the waiter

"When the urge hits her she has to have it and I think she has to have it
tonight, don't you Jill?" he remarked to her.

"yes sir" she said, hoping the waiter did not hear her and too embarrassed to
even look at him again.

"Well that was very good pet, now how about if we go dancing" he said to her as
he got up and waited for her to exit the booth, enjoying how she must be feeling
with her skirt like that. As Jill began to exit the booth her thoughts of
modesty came back to her and she instinctively pulled and tugged her skirt down
over her cunt and ass.

"That'll cost that pretty ass of yours pet" he snarled at her. Oh know Jill
thought,

"I am sorry sir please sir forgive me" she tried saying to him as she followed
him out of the restaurant.

"I told you didn't I pet" he warned pointing a finger at her as he handed his
slip to the valet to retrieve his car.

"Yes sir, but please I could not help"

"You know I wanted to have a nice evening with you instead of having to go home
and give you 20 whacks."

"Please sir please, lets not go home, please sir may I have an alternate so we
can stay out tonight sir" she said trying to make it sound more like she wanted
to be with him instead of fearing have her ass spanked.

"Fine then if that is what you want but if you disappoint me with this
punishment then it will be 40 whacks, do you have that?"

"yes sir, thank-you sir" she said relieved that anything would be better then
another spanking.

"Well pet you pulled your skirt down with out being told in there didn't you?"

"yes sir"

"and it should be something to make you learn about that so tell you what you
do". he said to her, an evil smile coming to his face.

"What sir, I will not do it again"

"Well you like pulling your skirt down so much then I want you to pull it down
again, only this time I want you to pull it all the way down until it is around
your ankles." Jill could not believe it, standing out side a restaurant, waiting
to have the car pulled up, no I can't she thought before the words of Duane
telling her it would be 40 whacks if she failed to do it. Slowly Jill grabbed
the bottom of the skirt and began pulling it down lower and lower until the top
of the skirt was slipped past her ass and down her thighs to her knees where it
slipped to the ground around her ankles. Now Jill could feel the cool night air
cling to the dampness in her panties, standing there, hoping that no one would
see her yet knowing the valet would soon be there with the car.

"Now you are not to touch that skirt again until given permission, do you have
that slut?"

"yes sir, but please when may I pull it up?"

"Do you not understand my little trap, that you can't. I could pull it up for
you if I wanted but I am not in the mood to right now so you had better figure
out another way to get that thing up if you expect to be wearing it again."

"But sir how?" she pleaded.

"Well you were smart enough to thief from me so I would think you would be smart
enough ti figure out you just might need a little help now you dumb cunt."

"Yes sir, but....."

"But nothing all I know is that when the car gets here I am getting in and
leaving with or without you and I am going dancing with you wearing or not
wearing a skirt, so I do not give a dam if you get those slut panties covered or
not. All I know is if you touch that skirt tomorrow you will either be sitting
your ass in jail for the next 15 years or your ass will be so sore that you will
not be sitting at all for awhile."

"yes sir " said as she saw the valet pulling up in the car. The valet stared in
disbelief as he pulled up and seen the hot slut that had flashed him when he got
there was now standing with nothing but those panties and halter top on.

"Here you go sir" the valet said as he exited the car almost tripping over
himself in an effort to get around the other side to open the door for Jill
before she got in.

As he came around to Jills side he could not help staring at her hot ass and
panties and Jill new it. My god Jill thought he can see how wet I am and I must
look like such a slut but he just has to help me.

"Let me get the door for you Ms" he said as he open the car door for Jill to get
in, now seeing her skirt around her ankles wondering if the slut was so hot she
even knew it was there.

"You got 20 seconds and I am out of here" Duane yelled at her through the now
open passenger door.

"Sir please sir will you help me pull my skirt up please" Jilted begged of the
valet as she suddenly notice an erection growing in his pants.

"Hey now I have it figured out, are you one of those kinky sex slaves with the
collar and everything?" he asked her.

"yes yes , please help me please and I will do anything to help you but hurry"
she was now getting frantic at the thought of being left here with someone that
now new what she was. The valet got down on his knees grabbing hold of Jills
skirt and raised it slowly as he inched his face closer and closer to the little
wet panties that were hiding Jills cunt.

"please hurry please" Jill said now looking down at his face only inches from
her wet cunt, feeling more embarrassed then ever yet wanting so bad to grab his
face and pull it into her hot cunt until she was cumming all over him. Suddenly
Jill felt him stop lifting her skirt.

"all the way please hurry she pleaded to him" the valet now feeling a sense of
power and control over the helpless slut looked her straight in the eye now.

"Lady as soon as you pull that tube top down around your waist, Ill pull your
skirt up to you waist" he snickered to her, feeling he had her trapped.

"Five seconds and I am gone" Jill heard Duane call out as he began revving the
engine. As Jill looked around now panicked she seen another car pulling up, and
with her cunt pulsating with excitement Jill pulled her tube top down around her
waist, completely exposing her tits and erect nipples to him. With that the
Valet pulled up her skirt but not as Jill expected as before she knew it he had
pulled and bunched her skirt all the way up around her waist with her tube top.

"No No Jill" sobbed now standing there in front of the restaurant with her tits
and soaked panties completely exposed, when she began to feel the car creeping
forward. Quickly she got in with her skirt and tube top around her waist as
Duane drove off leaving the valet with a story to tell the boys.

"Looks like you are going to be in worse shape to go dancing then you thought"

Duane said as he laughed at her.

"Maybe next time you will follow the rules"

"yes sir" Jill said even more embarrassed and excited then before. Jill could
not worry about what had happened as her thoughts now turned more to how she was
ever going to got covered up before they got to the dance club.

To find the first two chapters to this story go to the BDSM library advanced
search and type in

Jill and the first two parts should come up.  Has been so long since I had
started this story that forgot the name I signed in when I posted those earlier
chapters.

If you like the story you can let me know at ruready4ds@yahoo.com     



Have lots of ideas where this story is going for the next few chaptersbut just a
matter of getting them down. Jill was suppose to meet Amy in this chapter but
the story got a lot longer to get here then planned but that will be taken care
of first thing in the next chapter.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DML


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





