BDSM Library - Parker 18: Honeymoon




Parker 18: Honeymoon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man gives his young wife an unusual present while on their honeymoon.

                              PARKER18.TXT -- 1/1

                                   HONEYMOON
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

            WARNING: This story involves a good deal of non-consensual
            sexual activity. If you're offended by this sort of story,
            stop reading now. Consider yourself warned.

        Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute the story
                    (unaltered, of course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     "Aren't you going to carry me over the threshold?"

     "This isn't our home," I answered. "Just a weekend cottage."

     "Still..."

     Still.

     And so, I picked her up and carried her through the doorway, across the
threshold and into the cottage. Well, maybe cottage is a bit misleading;
really, it's more of small mansion. My parents, however, had always referred to
it as the "cottage", and who was I, now that they had passed away, to say any
different.

     "Uhmph..." I groaned as I carried my young bride down the entrance hall.

     "Oh, stop it," she frowned, feigning anger. "I'm not so heavy as all
that." She wriggled out of my arms and put her feet on the floor. She was
right. Kate was a slender girl; not heavy at all. "Of course," she added,
grinning, "you *are* an older man. Don't want to cause a heart attack."

     "You..."

     With a giggle, she took off down the hallway. I gave chase, but held back
a bit, aware of my dignity. Perhaps too aware; Kate was always teasing me about
being too stuffy. Well, easy for her to say. Kate was in her early twenties,
over twenty-five years younger than myself. She was a masters student, doing
her final year in history at the university. I had met her at a fund raiser for
the university museum. One of my companies was a regular donor. We had started
talking and, well... one thing led to another.

     And here we were.

     She let me catch up to her at the bottom of the stairs. "Old man," she
laughed as I put my arms around her and drew her to me for a long, passionate
kiss. When we finally broke apart, her breathing was shallow. "Hmmm...," she
whispered, running her tongue along her lower lip. "Maybe not so old."

     We kissed again.

     I really can't say what she saw in me.

     As I said earlier, I'm quite a bit older than her. Not old, exactly, but
*older*. And Kate, well she was as beautiful a girl as I'd ever met: tall,
slender, elegant... there weren't enough adjectives to do her justice. With her
long, blonde hair, blue eyes and exquisite features, she could have been a
model. I think that she could have had any man she'd wanted.

     And she chose me.

     "I have a surprise for you."

     She raised her eyebrows. "A surprise?" She gave me that lopsided grin I'd
come to know so well. "I love surprises."

     I gestured towards the stairwell. "Upstairs," I told her. "In the spare
bedroom."

     "Mmmm..." She began walking up the stairs. I followed close behind. "I
*love* surprises," she repeated.

     I must admit, I was more than a little nervous as we walked across the
landing towards the closed bedroom door. Kate was sexually adventurous - *god*;
no one knew that better than me - but I wasn't sure whether I'd gone too far
with this particular surprise. Kate also - and once again, I knew this better
than anyone - had a vindictive streak in her. She was slow to hate, but when
she did hate... well, it ran deep.

     And so...

     "C-Carl?"

     "I believe," I said quietly, trying to sound more confident than I was,
"you know Andrea."

     For the first time since I'd met her, Kate was at a loss for words. Maybe
that's not too surprising, given the sight that awaited her in the spare
bedroom.

     It was Andrea Cross.

     Or, rather, Professor Cross.

     Of course, Kate knew her. Professor Cross was - had been - a teacher in
the english department at the university where Kate had began her masters
degree in english and history. She had been Kate's tutor, and the single major
reason why Kate had dropped the english component of her course. For some
reason, the woman had taken it into her head to do everything she could to make
certain that Kate failed out: unbearable course load; unreasonable schedule;
impossible assignments... the works. Kate had borne it as best she could until
halfway through the spring term before dropping the english courses. I tried to
talk her out of it. It seemed like such a waste, particularly with professor
Cross going on sabbatical the following term, but Kate, in tears, had had
enough. 'She couldn't,' she told me, eyes red, 'bear another moment with
Cross.'

     Well, maybe.

     Professor Cross - no, I really should call her Andrea, I suppose - was in
her late thirties, only six years younger than myself, but she really didn't
look it. From Kate's description, I had expected some cranky old battleaxe, and
the first time I saw her - crying and struggling wildly as her clothing was cut
away in the back of a moving van - I had been more than a little surprised. She
was a slender woman, with small, well-formed breasts and rich, shoulder-length
auburn hair. If it hadn't been for her face - she had one of those thin-lipped,
severe faces - she might have been beautiful.

     I had seen her a number of times in the month since she had been taken:
naked with her arms tied high above her head and her small breasts shining with
sweat, striped red with the whipping she had just received; kneeling in front
of one of Mistress Angela's guards, heavily madeup lips wrapped around his cock
while having her naked ass caned; squat-fucking herself on a massive dildo
which had been stuck on a sawhorse, all the time rubbing her small breasts and
moaning in simulated passion that she was a 'slut' and a 'whore' and that she
needed to be fucked... but the sight of the woman as I entered the room behind
Kate took my breath away once again.

     Mistress Angela had outdone herself.

     Andrea was on the bed, lying on her back. She was almost naked, wearing
nothing but a leather collar, nylons held up with garters, and a pair of bright
red pumps (at least six inch heels) strapped onto her feet. Well, that's not
entirely true; she did have a thick leather strap around her middle to which
her wrists were cuffed, but I don't know if that really counts for clothing.
Her legs were spread, held apart by a spreader bar to which her ankles were
attached. I noted that Mistress Angela had cut Andrea's hair quite short, in a
spiky punk style, and dyed it a bright red. Nice touch.

     Oh, I suppose I should mention the small, gold nipple rings to which a
pair of cheery little bells had been attached. Mistress Angela had thought it a
bit early for them, but I wanted everything to be perfect.

     For Kate.

     Andrea looked over at us as we entered the room, but didn't say anything.
Her face, however, reddened when she recognized her ex-student.

     "Oh my god... Carl." Kate walked slowly forward, her hands clenched
together in front of her mouth. "What have you done?"

     "Do you like the surprise?" Was it too much for her? Nervous, I walked
past my new wife and over to the side of the bed where the bound woman waited
silently. "She's perfectly trained." I reached down and put the back of my hand
to Andrea's mouth. She flushed an even deeper red, her eyes darting between
Kate and myself, but the training held. Hesitantly at first, but then with more
enthusiasm, she extended her tongue and began to lick my hand.

     An obedient dog.

     Kate just watched, her blue eyes wide.

     After a few moments, I extended my middle finger. Andrea stopped licking
my hand; instead, she took the finger into her mouth and began sucking on it
while making quiet moaning sounds. I watched Kate, but I was completely unable
to gauge her reaction. Was she angry? Horrified? I couldn't tell. She just
stood there, watching.

     In for a penny, in for a pound.

     I reached down and unzipped my pants. "She's spent the last month in
training," I explained to my silent bride. "Being turned into the perfect slut.
She's now not only able, but willing to satisfy a man or woman with any part of
her body." On cue, my penis fell away from my pants, long and hard. Andrea let
out a quiet moan and raised her head, straining her neck for a chance to taste
it. I obliged, kneeling on the side of the bed. The bound woman twisted her
upper body and took my cock in her mouth. I reached down, grabbed a handful of
red hair, and pulled her head forward until her face was buried in my crotch.
"See." I looked over at Kate, who still had not said anything. "She's been
trained to have no gag reflex; she can take a cock almost all the way down her
throat." I looked down at the top of the professor's head. Mistress Angela had
recounted to me the countless hours of cocksucking practice Andrea had been
subjected to before she had gained this skill.

     It had been worth it.

     I released her head and she slid her lips down my cock, all the time
sucking and working her tongue. It was exquisite. Practice had indeed made
perfect.

     Still, Kate had said nothing.

     Worried, I pulled my cock away from Andrea's mouth. A line of drool
connected us for a moment, but then fell loose across the woman's chin. She
fell back to the bed as I stood up and replaced my cock in my pants.

     What was Kate thinking? Had I gone too far? Perhaps I had misjudged her; I
had thought that she would be delighted to see her former tormentor brought so
low, but maybe...

     "Kate?"

     Finally, she spoke. "Why," she asked quietly, "doesn't she say anything?"

     I turned back to where Andrea lay on the bed, staring at us. "She's been
trained to keep silent," I told her. "Slaves don't speak unless they've been
given permission."

     "Slave." Kate turned that word over in mouth, trying it out; tasting it.
"Sla-a-ve."

     I stood in silence, waiting for Kate's reaction. For the first time, I
felt a wave of real fear pass through me. I didn't want to lose Kate. I
couldn't...

     She turned to me.

     Her eyes were shining.

     Tears?

     "Oh Carl," she said, her face turning into one big, lopsided smile, "this
is wonderful." I let out a loud sigh; I hadn't realized it, but I had been
holding my breath. "Can I try her out?" She turned back to the bed. "Can I use
her?"

     "Of course," I answered, smiling myself. "That's what she's here for."

     Kate immediately reached down and pulled up her skirt, giving me a view of
her long, stocking-clad legs. She grabbed ahold of her panties, pulled them
down and slithered out of them, letting them fall to the floor. Then she
clambered up onto the bed and swung a leg over Andrea, straddling her new slave
with her thighs. Grinning, Kate reached down and took one of Andrea's breasts
in her hand. She fondled it for a moment, paying special attention to the ring
and bell. Then she gave it a vicious pinch, eliciting a small cry from Andrea.
"Oh, you bitch," my wife growled. She shook back her blonde hair and then
shifted her body so that her pantiles crotch was positioned over the mouth of
the bound woman. "Suck me, bitch," she ordered, grinding her crotch downward
and letting her skirt fall over Andrea's face. Andrea must have obeyed, because
Kate immediately got that dreamy look on her face as she slowly rode up and
down on the other woman's mouth.

       My mind went back to the first time Andrea had been forced to service
another woman with her tongue. Mistress Angela had used Cynthia, a fat black
woman, to train Andrea in the art of pussy sucking. It had been about a week
into her training; Andrea had been pretty much broken and obedient by then, but
it still took a solid caning before she would stick her tongue in her trainer's
pussy.

      I had been present for the first time, and remembered Andrea, tears
streaming down her cheeks, nuzzling her face between the black woman's heavy
thighs, sucking and licking for all she was worth. All the while keeping her
reddened ass stuck out for the cane in case her black mistress detected a lack
of enthusiasm. Cynthia had come, after a while, but had been far from satisfied
with her student's performance. She had given Andrea a stern lecture and then
forced the university professor to do it all over again, all the time calling
out instructions, orders and threats.

     I'd left soon after. According to Angela, it had taken almost two weeks of
pussy and ass sucking, and, ultimately, toilet duties, before Cynthia had
grudgingly admitted that Andrea had developed any facility at satisfying
another woman.

     That long hours of hard work had clearly paid off, as my lovely bride's
cries and moans demonstrated. Professor Cross clearly knew her way around a
pussy. Kate was now bucking up and down, riding her ex-teacher's face like it
was a bucking horse.

     Excited, I walked forward and ran my hands along the inside of Andrea's
thighs. Andrea's legs were held apart by a spreader bar, and her pussy was
clearly visible. It was, of course, completely devoid of hair. On Mistress
Angela's recommendation, I had ordered that she be shaved, both in front and in
back, and then subjected to electrolysis. Andrea was now permanently hairless.

     I reached down and slid a finger into her exposed pussy.

     Wet.

     I smiled. Mistress Angela had done her job well. Slave Andrea was as
helpless to control the humiliating reactions of her own body as she was to
refuse the commands of her owners. It was perfect; her mind was still her own -
she must be hating every moment of her subjugation and slavery - but her body
couldn't help but react like a slave.

     Since she was getting so excited, I decided to help out. I walked across
the room, picked up a large banana from a bowl of fruit and returned to the
bed. Kate was about done now, bouncing up and down on the bed as though it was
a trampoline. I reached down and slowly slid the banana into the teacher's
sopping pussy. She clenched her thighs, trying to prevent the penetration, but
was helpless to stop it. I kept pushing, and managed to get it completely
inserted, with only the tip sticking out, when Kate came.

     I stood back and watched as my gorgeous bride bounced and screamed on the
bed, her head thrown back and long, blonde hair flying all over the place. I'd
never seen her come so hard, which was a little disconcerting, but I resolved
not to be insulted. I had, after all, been responsible for placing this woman
at her control. It must be more than a little satisfying for her to have
control of the woman who had caused her so much anguish over the last year or
so.

     "Oh gawd, that was intense."

     Kate brushed back a lock of blonde hair from her sweaty forehead as she
pushed herself up to her knees and slid off the bed. Andrea gasped for air as
her face appeared from under Kate's skirt. Her features were red and shiny with
the younger girl's pussy juice.

     Kate stood beside the bed, grinning down at her former teacher and
readjusting her skirt. "Carl... how did you do this?" She turned towards me.
"This bitch is supposed to be on sabbatical."

     "That's what made it so easy," I told her. "She's supposed to be
travelling in Europe. No one expects to see her for the next few months. It was
dead easy to pick her up for... training, I guess you'd call it." I looked into
my bride's shining blue eyes. "I know how much pain she caused you over the
last year. I wanted to give you the perfect gift."

     "Oh Carl..." Kate skipped forward and hugged me. "It *is* perfect; there
are so many things I want to do to her!" We kissed. When she broke away, she
dropped her hand to my crotch and felt the bulge. "Oh," she giggled, "but I'm
being selfish, looking after my own needs while my husband goes unsatisfied."
She looked over at where Andrea lay on the bed. "Does she suck cock as well as
she sucks pussy?"

     I smiled, thinking of the countless hours Mistress Angela had forced
Andrea to practice her cock-sucking, first on dildos, then men, slowly training
her to deep throat. In fact, I remembered the very first time. Andrea had to be
strapped down and fitted with an O-gag so that she wouldn't bite. The trainer
had crouched over her face and slid his huge cock into her mouth through the
gag. Andrea had moaned and thrashed about, the tears streaming down her cheeks,
but couldn't stop him from fucking her mouth until he came, shooting ropes of
sperm all over her face and upper body.

     She had come a long way since then.

     "Oh, I think that she can manage something of that sort."

     Kate laughed.

     Within a few moments, we had Andrea kneeling on the floor. Her bonds were
unchanged; we had just pulled her down and over the foot of the bed, so that
she was kneeling with her legs spread. The banana slid out about an inch or so,
causing Kate to laugh again.

     "You've shaved her," she noted, looking at Andrea's bare crotch.

     Andrea's face turned red again. "It's permanent," I told her, once again
unzipping my fly. "It'll increase her resale value."

     Kate looked puzzled at that, but didn't say anything. Instead, she ran her
long, cool fingers over my rapidly hardening penis and then guided it into
Andrea's waiting mouth. Then she stood back and watched as her ex-teacher
sucked hungrily at my penis. I didn't use my hand to hold or help her; I just
stood there as she moved her mouth up and down on my penis, alternately sucking
and then running her tongue up and down it's length.

     Once again, the practice had paid off.

     She was a wonderful cocksucker.

     Kate just watched for a few moments, making only the occasional comment
regarding the technique displayed by her ex- teacher. I must say, I was right
about her being able to hold a grudge.

     "You said something about 'resale value'?"

     "Yes." I fell silent for a moment as Andrea's tongue did the most
exquisite things at the base of my penis. "It costs a lot of money to train a
slave, particularly when they're not entirely... well, willing, to be blunt." I
slid my cock back and she teased the tip with her lips. "Once they're trained,"
I continued, "however, there are a lot of people willing to pay good money for
them."

     "Who? Where?"

     "Well, the middle east is always good; there's always room in a harem for
a well-trained white woman." Andrea moaned in fear. "There are a number of
establishments in Mexico - well, two I can think of off the top of my head -
that pay for new 'employees'." I looked over at Kate; her hand had dropped to
her crotch and her face had taken on that dream-like quality I knew so well.

     She was really enjoying this.

     "And there's always South America. I understand that there are any number
of drug lords or heads of state who would enjoy a new 'mistress'."

     Kate let out a small moan. She walked around behind where Andrea was
kneeling at my feet, threw her arms around my shoulders and ground her crotch
into the back of Andrea's head. This forced the bound woman to take my cock all
the way into the back of her throat just as Kate brought her lips to mine for a
long passionate kiss. We kissed for a few moments, and then broke apart,
breathing heavily; Kate continued to grind her crotch against the back of her
ex-teacher's head, causing the bound woman to slide her lips up and down on my
cock in time with the pressure. No more of that wonderful technique, but by
then it didn't really matter. And, of course, the feel of Kate against me more
than made up for any deficiency in the cock sucking department.

     Not that Andrea wouldn't be whipped for it later.

     Of course.

     "Where else?" Kate whispered, biting my ear.

     "On the other hand, there's no need to leave the U.S.," I answered,
breathing heavily. "There are plenty of buyers available. I understand that
there's a string of men's clubs that 'purchase' strippers to whore for them at
their various clubs across the country." My thrusts became more violent as I
approached orgasm. Caught between my penis and Kate's crotch, Andrea was
helpless to do anything other than ride it out. Her nipple bells jingled in
time with our movements. "There's also a certain 'Club' in California that's
always looking for new talent." I began to move my hips faster now, thrusting
forward as Andrea ground down. The bells jingled steadily now. Almost... "And,
of course, there are the usual bikers or pimps who would be more than willing
to take this slave off our..."

     I could hold it no longer. With a groan, I jammed my penis down Andrea's
throat and held it there as it stiffened and then released jet after jet of
sperm into her mouth. Just as I did that, Kate let out a loud moan, and
stiffened, all the while frantically running her crotch up and down along the
back of Andrea's head.

     "Oh gawd..." My beautiful wife wrapped her long legs around behind me and
shoved hard with her crotch, pushing Andrea's face even further down onto my
penis, if that was possible. Kate hugged me close and we engaged in a long kiss
as we both orgasmed while Andrea gagged and gasped for air.

     It seemed to last forever, but it couldn't have been more than a minute or
so before we broke apart, both of us panting like we'd run a marathon. Kate
unwrapped her legs and put them back on the floor. We stood like that for a few
moments, just staring into each other's eyes.

     I loved that woman so much...

     I felt a continued sucking at my penis and looked down. Andrea, red-faced
with the effort of holding her breath with my cock jammed down her throat, was
still sucking at it, cleaning it. As she had been taught.

     Kate let out a short, vicious laugh.

     "Darling," she said quietly, toying with my hair. "I know it cost a lot of
money to train her and everything, and I really like the thought of her being
sold like you said... but... but, can we keep her? Just for a bit? We can
always sell her later."

     I smiled.

     I had sort of been expecting this.

     "Of course," I answered. "She's my honeymoon present to you. You can keep
her for as long as you like. I've had the kennel fixed up in the basement so
she'll have a place to..."

     Kate cut me off with a long kiss of thanks.

     This was one purchase I wouldn't regret.

     Afterwards, I pulled my cock away and Kate stood back, leaving Andrea
kneeling on the floor, her legs spread on the bar and hands still fastened to
her waist belt. I turned to Kate to say something, but then...

     "P-please."

     It was Andrea. I looked down sternly. She had spoken without permission.
Well, Mistress Angela had warned me that she wasn't fully trained. The slave
would, however, be punished for it later. "If you have something to say," I
told her, "address it to your new mistress." I gestured towards Kate.

     Kate grinned. "What is it, sla-a-ve?" She was still enjoying the word.

     "Please, mistress," Andrea begged in a small voice. "Please. Can I...
c-come?"

     I looked a little closer and saw that the banana that I had inserted in
her pussy was now three-quarters out and rested partially on the floor. Andrea
was trying to spread her legs further so that she could press downward and
create pressure on her clit. She was attempting, in short, to fuck herself with
the banana.

     Kate and I both laughed.

     Here was Professor Andrea Cross, clad in leather collar and bound on her
knees with her hairless pussy exposed to the world, small bells jingling as
they hung from the nipple rings on her naked breasts as she gasped for breath,
her face shiny with pussy juice, sweat and sperm... and was she begging to be
let go? To be released from her humiliating bondage? No; she just wanted to
come, and was trying desperately to squat fuck herself on a banana. Mistress
Angela had done a splendid job; in one month she'd turned a university
professor into a whining, crawling slave slut.

     I'd have to make certain that there was a bonus included with the final
payment.

     Kate walked forward and ran her hand through her slave's short, red hair.
"I don't think so," she said, kneeling down so that her face was directly
opposite Andrea's. She reached down and slid the banana back up into her
ex-teacher's sopping pussy. "I expect you to keep that banana in your cunt
until I tell you otherwise. And you don't come until I say. Do you understand?"

     Andrea whimpered, but managed to stammer out a "Yes mistress."

     "Good." Kate smiled. She brought her hand up and began toying with
Andrea's breasts, cupping one in her hand and then letting it fall free. The
bells in Andrea's nipple rings jingled whenever she did this. "We have lots of
things to discuss about last year," Kate said menacingly.

     "Yes mistress."

     Kate stood and turned to me. "And as for you," she grinned, "it occurs to
me that we haven't consummated our marriage yet. And this seems like the
perfect time and place."

     She patted the bed.

     I stared at her, flustered. "But... I don't think..."

     My bride just grinned. She walked up to me and gave me a long kiss. "Don't
worry," she whispered, "I'm sure you'll be 'up for it'. Under the right
conditions."

     And do you know, she was right.

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
             As usual, I am interested in any comments you may have
               regarding this story, or any of my other stories.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





