BDSM Library - The Adventures of Karen




The Adventures of Karen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of Karen and her boyfriend, who get caught up in a world of bondage, submission and humiliation.  Karen begins to realise that her greatest pleasure is in serving others, men and women, and she is happy to let Andy become a slave to whoever wants to use him, to abuse him and to humiliate him.
The Adventures of Karen - Part 1 - The Beginning.


Karen was naked.  Quite naked.

She trembled slightly at the thought of what was to come.

She bowed her head and looked down at her naked body.  She looked longingly at
her heavy, full nippled, breasts, her tits, as she always thought of them.  Not
as firm as when she was younger, but she thought that the fullness, the
heaviness, the slight but undeniable sagging, only added to their desirability. 
After all, having turned thirty she could hardly expect to be as pert as when
she was eighteen.  And, of course, when she was eighteen she was not as
worldly-wise as she was now: everything comes with a price after all!.  Her gaze
continued over her softly rounded belly to her mound.  Her smooth, shaven,
mound.  She wondered just how long it was since she had had any pretensions to a
bush of any kind.  Certainly the years of shaving, of waxing had given brief
discomforts but the inevitable effect of the continued assault on her lower
regions had finally had the effect of giving her a very minimum growth.  A low
maintenance growth, she thought, and smiled.  After all, she loved to feel her
smoothness and she knew that her partners had always enjoyed the sensation.  The
touch of fingers, especially her own fingers, on her full lips, her moist inner
lips, and especially her prominent clitoris, always excited her.  She always
thought of her soft moist areas as her 'special' place, her special 'pleasure'. 
After all, how many people had told her, over the years, that she had a superb
pussy, a superb cunt.  Finally satisfied with her self inspection she had to
agree with her initial thoughts: she did have a desirable body.

Now it was time.  She stepped forward into the icy cold shower, feeling the
biting needles of water hitting her front, her tits, her nipples, making them
hard and erect.  Not perhaps the hardness of arousal, not as sensitive as that,
but nevertheless pleasurable.  The cold stream ran down over her belly and into
and around her folds, making them less heated, less engorged than just a few
brief moments ago.  She shivered at the coldness but continued, turning round in
the shower for a full five minutes, as was her usual custom.  Then she turned on
the hot water, grateful to feel a warmth seep into her.  The cold punishing
needles of the first few minutes changed into warm, hot, pulses across her
shoulders and down her back as she slowly began to soap herself.  Satisfied she
turned around and allowed the fine spray to concentrate on her tits, on her
nipples which responded to this new sensation with a pleasing fullness, a
pleasing surge of sensation.  As she soaped her front, lifting each tit in turn
and soaping around it, enjoying the pleasure, she felt an increasing warmth in
her loins.  As always, she enjoyed the luxury of the hot water, moving slowly,
reluctantly, from her heavy tits down to her waiting labia.

Slowly she parted the enfolding lips and searched, deliberately, slowly, for the
hardness of her clitoris, before she continued her lathering, slowly continuing
down her legs until she had laved every inch of her long smooth legs and
smoothly pedicured feet.

Reluctantly she stepped out of the shower and began to towel herself.  Checking
the time she realised that there was at least an hour before she had to get
dressed and ready to go out with her current partner.  Current partner, she
thought, what a way to describe her present lover.  He was not only strikingly
attractive, certainly to women, but, she suspected, also to men as well.  He was
a considerate, gentle and inventive lover who never failed to leave her fully
satisfied. But, there was something lacking.  After escaping from her marriage
and moving, not only out of the State, but out of the country, she had had a
succession of lovers, male and female, but in sexual terms none had begun to
approach the skills and pleasures her husband had brought to her.  What a pity
that, in all other ways, he had been a complete and utter bastard, she thought.
The things they did together were, had been, pleasurable but his increasing
addiction to gambling and drink had finally driven her away.  Dammit, she
thought, no time to think of those days, those times.  Perhaps one day she would
spend a few hours, more than a few even, in her recollections, but today,
tonight, was for the present.

She walked into her bedroom, naked and glowing from the shower, and lay on her
bed, luxuriating in the softness, slowly cupping a breast as she lay there
thinking about the events of the coming evening.  Certainly she was looking
forward to the outing, even though it was something a little outside her
experience.  She was not too clear on how the invitation had arisen, but,
driving home from the office with Andy a week ago, he had announced that they
were going to a small dinner party the following weekend.

They both worked for the same company, a small concern specialising in
electronic and communication products, he as an accountant and she as a computer
programmer and analyst.  In her job she tended to keep very much to her
immediate group and as such was only slightly aware of the owners of the
company, although, of course, Andy had much more contact with them both.  She
frowned as she concentrated and tried to recollect a few facts about them.  A
married couple, Karl and Greta Nielsen, or was it Svensen, she wasn't too sure. 
No matter, she did think that they were probably Scandinavians and that was near
enough for her.  Andy had told her that Karl and Greta had invited them to a
small, 'intimate' dinner and she was to be ready to make a good impression: he
was seeking a promotion and, as in all businesses, he felt that good
relationships could do no harm to one's career progress.  She was unclear on how
many had been invited to the grand and secluded house where their hosts lived
but expected a small gathering, perhaps four or five couples at most.

Enough thinking, Karen felt that she had to concentrate on her own feelings for
a time.  As her thoughts had wondered her hand was alternately cupping and
squeezing her breast, her left breast, which for reasons she had never fully
understood, was her 'favorite'.  Slowly her other had moved towards the swollen
and hardening nipple and began to slowly tease it.  Karen always enjoyed the
sensation of working on, working with, her nipples and this time was no
different.  As she became more aroused she began to move and squeeze her thighs
together, giving her another pleasurable sensation to combine with that
radiating from her breast.  As her fingers worked on the nipple, now dark red
and fully engorged, she knew that it was time to lift her breast towards her
waiting, moist, lips.  She bent her head forward and her tongue eagerly flicked
across the sensitive end of the nipple.  Mmmmmmmmm!  This she liked!  Moving her
head a little more she managed to fasten her lips around the teat and, gently
nipping it with her teeth, she began to slowly suck herself.  Bliss!  Sucking
her own nipple, her own tit, was a special moment and at times like this she was
glad that her tits, already big at eighteen, had begun to droop, giving her the
chance to pull them towards her mouth.  She continued for a while before
changing to her other breast, until, reluctantly, she stopped, feeling that it
was time to prepare, to dress for the evening.

What to wear was a problem, and yet not a problem.  She had an extensive
wardrobe with dresses, outfits, shoes, whatever for pretty much every occasion. 
It was going to be a warm evening, after all it was late summer, and as she was
certain the meal would be indoors there was little need to dress in anything too
substantial.  Shoes, well, there was a problem.  Karen had always had a shoe
fetish since her first sexual experiences with another girl, when she was barely
seventeen.  She had a collection of styles, colors heel heights in almost every
conceivable combination.  Something strappy and high seemed to be a good idea.

But first, an application of a lightly scented body cream was essential.  Karen
had always taken a pride in her personal appearance and treated her body with
considerable care.  Nothing too over-powering, she thought, after all some
people were sensitive to an excess of perfume.  Underwear was not a problem,
something small, very small, of course, something very feminine, of course. 
Hose, perhaps not, after all it was a warm evening, and was likely to be warmer
inside!.

Karen smiled happily as she prepared herself.





End of part 1


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why and how I could improve it.  If you wish to
post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to credit
me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 2 - The Dinner


It was almost eight o'clock.  They smiled nervously at one another as they drove
up the road to the big house.  Andy had already told Karen that, when Karl had
invited them, he had specified the time and suggested that they arrive then 'if
they knew what was good for them'.  It was probably a hint that punctuality was
a virtue that was admired in the company, and it seemed only reasonable to make
sure that they started the evening off on the right foot.

Andy had dressed casually in jeans and light shirt, whilst Karen had decided to
wear a light, short, dress, with matching, high heeled, strappy sandals.  Karen
felt that the thin straps across her painted toes showed off her light golden
tan to maximum effect.  To a casual observer they could have been young couple
out for a walk on a warm summers evening, but they knew differently.  They knew
that an invite such as this was special, as their hosts were known around the
village for being aloof, even arrogant.  In fact, as far as anyone knew, no one
from the village had ever been invited up to the house.

A feeling of anticipation ran through them as they arrived at the main door and
rang the bell.  The  door was opened almost immediately by someone who could
only be the lady of the house, which surprised Karen.  Judging by the size of
the house and grounds she felt sure that there would be some staff to assist in
running things

'Do not worry my dear', Greta, sensing Karen's bewilderment, explained, 'I've
given the staff the weekend off, after all, we don't want to be disturbed do
we?'

As she spoke, she stepped from behind the door.  Karen and Andy were quite
stunned by the sight of her.  Dressed in a long dress, slit up to the thigh, and
tightly fitting around her ample bust, Greta made a fine, a fetching, sight. 
The slit in her dress revealed that she was wearing, unusually for the time of
year, a pair of black patent knee high, spike heeled boots. She was wearing
around her neck what appeared to be a narrow, black, soft leather collar with
some sort of silver attachment.

'Oh, I'm so sorry, Mrs, err...', said Karen, 'we thought this was an informal
occasion.  Had we known we would have dressed more appropriately'.  Karen nudged
Andy, whose eyes were fixing on the attractive figure before him.

'No my dear, there is no need for you to worry about that', Greta smiled, 'it
won't be a problem for us I'm sure.'  There was something about the glint in her
eye as spoke that made them both wonder exactly what on earth it was that she
meant.

Greta led the way to a large room.  As they entered, her husband came through
the large, windowed, doors which were opened onto sweeping lawns.  He was
dressed rather more casually than his wife.

'Let me introduce you to my husband, Karl', Greta smiled and turned towards him,
'and, by the way, do call me Greta, for now anyway.'

Karl came towards them smiling and offering his hand to Karen.  She smiled at
him and offered hers in return. His grip was firm, strong, indeed, very strong. 
'So pleased to meet you, my dear, and this is your partner is it?'  He released
her hand and approached Andy.

'My dear, do forgive me', Greta smiled at Karen, 'I should have introduced
myself properly.'  She offered Karen her smoothly manicured hand and held Karen
in a firm grip, gently squeezing her fingers.  As she released hand her finger
tips lightly brushed against the palm of Karen's hand.  Karen felt a slight,
almost imperceptible, but undeniable, tremor at the contact.  Clearly Greta was
making some kind on statement.

'Now, a drink for you both?' Karl took over the proceedings.

'Just a tonic water for me', Karen spoke shyly.

'Come, come, my dear girl, do have something a little stronger.  A drop of gin
with your tonic perhaps? And you?  You'll have one won't you my love?' Karl
raised his eyebrows at his wife.

'Yes please, but you always know what I want don't you?' Greta smiled at her
husband.  Karen noticed the look between them but thought no more of it for the
moment.'

'Andy, what can I get you?'  Karl turned, 'Andy?'. But Andy was not listening,
he was staring at his hostess.

Greta had sat down and crossed her long legs.  As she had done so the slit in
her dress had fallen further apart, revealing more of her smooth white thigh,
starkly contrasting with the black leather of her boot.  Andy blushed as he
realised he had been caught, and stuttered that he would like a whisky if that
would be all right.

'Oh Andy, Andy don't be so embarrassed, we're all adults after all', Greta
smiled as she patted the seat beside her, 'Now come sit next to me and enjoy
your drink'

Andy sat nervously on the edge of the seat as Karl handed him the drink, a very
large drink.

As this was going on Karen was admiring the room which was much larger than she
had expected. In fact it could probably contain the whole of the small, two
bedroom, apartment that she and Andy shared.  She sipped her drink as she took
in the splendor of the room.

As she stood looking out of the big picture window, she was aware of a movement
behind her.  She turned to see Karl, smiling down at her. His tall, broad frame
towered over her.

'It's a wonderful view isn't it? he asked, moving closer.

'Y-y-yes', Karen managed to reply.  She was a little overcome by these, to her, 
unnatural surroundings.  Even so, she was excited by the way this man looked
down at her, with his natural air of superiority.

'Come and sit down and let us have a little talk', Karl took her arm and led her
to another seat, 'by the way,. my dear, did I mention that I love your outfit? 
Those sandals compliment your feet perfectly.'

Karen blushed, becoming aware of the effect he was having on her, feeling
butterflies in her stomach, which she had not known since she first met Andy.
She looked across to where Andy sat now.  Greta actually had her hand at the top
of his thigh!

'Yes, this house has belonged to relatives of ours for very many years.  I often
visited as a child and know the place inside out.'  Karl smiled at Karen and
moved closer to her.  'We have a huge, I think you would call it, wine cellar. 
Perhaps we could show you after dinner?'

'Oh yes we'd like that wouldn't we Karen?'  Andy had turned to look at Karen,
and noticed the look in her eyes.  He knew that look, one he had not seen since
they had first met.  This time, he knew, it wasn't for him.  Despite himself he
felt a stirring in his loins.  He blushed as he realised he was growing hard at
the thought of Karen, his Karen, being with someone else.  But then Greta was
giving him a lot of attention, so perhaps it was to be a different night for
both of them.  He smiled inwardly at the thought.  He realised that Karen was,
most likely, just as willing to explore the possibilities.

Dinner was a light meal, with plenty of wine, and completed by coffee and then
liqueurs all round.  Despite drinking perhaps a little too much during the meal,
both Karen and Andy had noticed that their hosts had not only been flirting with
them both, but had been exchanging knowing glances between themselves.  However,
by the end of the meal neither of them noticed the nods and smiles between Karl
and Greta, as if some personal, private, decision had been made

Back in the main room, where they had been earlier, Andy sat next to Greta, with
Karen and Karl on a large deep sofa opposite. The room was lit entirely by
candles, their soft glow and the heady combination of alcohol added to the feel
of the room. There was an atmosphere, a tenseness, in the room, and both Andy
and Karen wondered what the next step was to be.  Neither dared to make a move
for themselves, it would not be proper, they were both quite happy to follow the
lead of their hosts.

The small talk from dinner continued as they sat and continued drinking but it
soon became a little more specific, with sexual comments and innuendoes.  Andy
became, aware once again, of Greta's hand resting on his thigh, and turned to
look at her aware that she was staring intently at him.  He broke his gaze to
look across at Karen, knowing this was the moment, knowing that he somehow
needed her approval before this could go on.  She looked back at him, as if
considering the situation, there was no doubt she knew what he was asking, and
finally she smiled at him, and nodded her head.  Turning back to Greta, he leant
towards her, and made to kiss her, but she shook her head.

'No Andy, that is not how it is going to be. You play by our rules or not at
all'

Confused he sat back

'And what rules would they be', he asked, not sure what she had meant.

'Myself and Karl both have rather, shall we say, unconventional tastes', she
explained, 'or, rather, they may seem unconventional to you.  But, and you must
believe me, the highs, the pleasures, that can be achieved are quite
incredible.'

Greta paused and looked across at Karen.  'To us, our tastes are conventional.
So, if you feel you can trust us, I, we, can introduce you both to sexual highs
that you cannot even dream about.'

Andy looked across at Karen, who had leant forward and was listening intently, a
look of fear, excitement and interest on her face. He caught her eye, and once
again she gave a slight nod of her head, but no smile this time, her fear of the
unknown prevented that.  The sexual tension in the room tangible, and Andy knew
that he had to let himself go, had to find out what Greta was talking about. 
Finally he turned to her and smiled.

'So, Greta, where do we begin?'

Smiling, Greta stood and took his hand, pulling him to his feet.  As she did so,
Karl also pulled Karen to her feet.

'Remove all of your clothes now!  Strip naked, both of you,' Greta commanded,
'and kneel before us'

Karen started to protest, but remembered what Greta had said earlier about
trusting them.  In a curious way she did. After all she reflected, this seems
rather like some of my adventures years ago when I was still married.

Both Karen and Andy quickly stripped, and knelt before their hosts, as they had
been instructed.  Immediately their hosts moved, Karl behind Karen and Greta
behind Andy, and applied, strapped, a leather blindfold to each.

'This is the first part of the trust we asked of you, and you have both done
well'  Greta took charge of the proceedings.  'Now, you remember we promised to
show you our little wine cellar?  That is where we are going now.  When we get
you there you will find that it is rather different to any you may have seen
before"

The naked couple were helped to their feet and walked, led, slowly through the
house, with Karl leading Karen by the hand.  She could feel cold flagstones on
the soles of her bare feet as they started to descend steps to some lower level. 
Her full nipples were hardening with the cold, but, somehow, her nakedness, her
vulnerability, excited her, even the fear of what was to come excited her.  She
knew that, whatever was to happen, she had never felt this way before.  She felt
a trickle of her wetness dribble down her leg as she walked, her smooth labia
doing nothing to retain or hide the signs of her arousal.

Andy followed with Greta.  He was somewhat embarrassed to be paraded like this,
especially as his body was, he thought, not as presentable as it was in the
past.  What did Greta see in him, he wondered, and, more to the point what was
in store for them?

Intruding on their thoughts, they heard a door being opened.  They stepped into
a cold room, although they were aware of a heat source, possibly an open fire,
off to one side.

'Now kneel before us again, and we shall remove the blindfolds.'  For the first
time in all of this Karl had spoken.

Andy was aware of Karen beside him as they knelt, and reached out and squeezed
her hand slightly.

'Do that again and you will be punished.' Greta said, her tone harsh.
Immediately their hands parted.

Karen knelt expectantly.  Then she felt hands unstrapping the leather, the soft
leather, blindfold, removing it.

Finally, she was completely, totally naked: her and she could see the room. Her
eyes widened in surprise.  There was no longer any doubt in her mind, this wine
cellar was unlike anything she could ever have imagined.





End of Part 2


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 3 - In the Cellar.


Karen and Andy could do nothing but look around the room and the strange
apparatus and fittings that were visible even though the room was dimly lit.
Dimly lit indeed, with small lamps and the glow from a large open fire on one
side of the room.  There were no windows visible, in fact, judging by the number
of steps they had walked down they were well below ground level.  The room, no,
the cellar, was surprising in its size, wide and long with  a high ceiling.  As
they looked around it became more apparent that this was no ordinary cellar, no
ordinary room.  It was nothing other than what appeared to be a fully equipped
dungeon, something almost from another age.

Greta spoke harshly, 'Stay there and do not move and listen very carefully
indeed!'

She and Karl moved together to a pair of soft leather chairs that were placed
almost casually against the wall nearest Karen.  They sat down without a sound
and stared at their naked guests for several minutes.

'Now, we shall give you our rules here' Karl spoke quietly, in a tone which
suggested that he was used to giving orders and having those orders obeyed.
'From this moment on you will speak only when we speak to you, and you will
always call us either Master, or Mistress.  You will never look directly at us
unless we order it.  Any failure to obey will be punished, and punished hard
indeed.'

He paused to let the words sink in, and, despite themselves, Karen and Andy kept
their eyes downcast and away from their captors faces.  Captors?  There was no
other way to describe their situation, they were kneeling, naked and obedient,
in front of two strong and dominant people, and there was no easy way for them
to move or escape.  They had, after all come down here voluntarily and as far as
they could tell the only door had been locked as they came in.

'Now, Karl my dear, we shall treat the lady first', Greta looked at Karen, 'and
you shall see what small delights await you.  Stand up now.'

 Karen stood, and, despite herself, her long legs trembled. She kept her head
bowed, afraid to move unless she caused some offence.

'Walk in front of me, my dear, head high and arms straight by your sides.'

Karen walked slowly across the room towards the far wall.

'Stop!', the order was harsh.  'Do you notice anything there, my dear, in front
of you?'

'No, I don't think so' Karen answered, and, remembering quickly, 'Mistress.'

'Look carefully and you will see a door in the corner.'

Karen looked and, sure enough, a small door was indeed at the end of the wall,
in the corner, a door with a steel grill set high in it.

'Yes Mistress, I see it now, Mistress.'

'Go to it and stand there.'

Karen obeyed and stood naked and motionless in front of the door.  A chill went
through her as she thought she heard a slight sound, almost a moan, and
definitely human.  Yes, she thought, definitely a voice, no, voices, male and
female, very quiet but nevertheless voices, whispering.

Greta came to her side and listened herself.  She banged the door with her fist
and shouted  'Silence, you know the penalties for disobeying me!'  The noises
ceased immediately.

Greta addressed Karen again.

'My dear, those are where my special guests are quartered.  You may perhaps meet
them when it pleases me.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.' Karen replied humbly.

'Come let me take you round my room.'

As she spoke Greta pushed Karen towards the side next to the door, beginning a
clockwise tour.  All along the wall were arranged various lengths of chain,
straps and ropes, all neatly hanging in their place.  A selection of cuffs,
steel, leather, padded and unpadded were neatly stored. Next to those Karen saw
some long metal bars, of different lengths, all with loops at each end and short
lengths of chain attached to them in the middle of each.  There seemed to be an
endless supply of tools, of apparatus, all apparently designed to constrain, to
hold, and some even to hurt the recipient.

'You like what you see, do you, my dear?'

'Yes Mistress, I do!', Karen croaked, her throat dry partly with fear and partly
with anticipation.  She remembered her various experiments with bondage before
she had met Andy, and how her former husband had used her.  Some of her
experiences were not good, but the general memory of those times was one of
strange and undeniable pleasures.  She knew and understood what these devices
were for even though the selection was greater than she had ever seen before.
The sight of those familiar straps made her feel aroused despite her situation,
a moistness between her legs that, even by her standards, was more than normal.

'Stop, slut!'  The voice was harsh.

'What is the matter with you now, your nipples have swollen!  Open your legs -
now!'

Karen stood stock still and opened her legs slightly.

'Wider, slut, wider.'

Karen opened her legs as wide as she could, feeling the air between her legs and
on her damp, swollen, labia.

Greta stood behind her and put one hand round and cupped Karen's left breast,
lifting it and letting it fall.

'Mmmmm, so nice and heavy, we shall have some fun with those sweet tits soon, my
lady', her voice was slightly husky, and not as harsh as just a few moments
before.  The other breast was cupped and squeezed and let fall, the weight of
the tits making them bounce slightly as they fell to their normal position.

'Yes, we shall definitely have a lot of pleasure here.  Do you object?'

Karen answered quickly, her own voice also a little husky, 'Whatever pleases
you, my Mistress.'

'What do you want slut?'

'Mistress, please, I want you to play with my tits, pull them and hurt them if
that pleases you and Master.'

'Let me check you more closely now', a hand slowly felt between Karen's open
legs.  'Oh, what have we here?' Greta murmured, 'You seem so wet.'  As she spoke
her fingers opened the wet swollen lips wide and one finger moved unerringly to
the small bud of the rapidly thickening clitoris.  'Oh, yes, a slut indeed, so
wet and soft.'  The probing fingers continued, until two, or was it three,
fingers were slowly insinuated into Karen's unresisting vagina.

'Ah ha, you like that too do you my little slut?', questioned her tormentor.

'Yes Mistress, I do.' Karen knew it was no good protesting and that whatever was
happening was inevitable.

'Good, tell me exactly what you like my little slut, exactly what you like!'

Karen thought carefully about her reply, she understood that she was going to be
fully humiliated, or worse, and her memories of similar events when she was
married flooded into her mind.

'Yes Mistress, I like you feeling me, I like you feeling my clit.  I like you, I
like you... feeling my cunt, Mistress.'

'Really, is that all, bitch?'

Karen was frightened, had she said too much, or not enough.  Probably not
enough, she thought, hoped!

'Mistress, I like you playing with my swollen clit, and my wet cunt, I am yours
to use as you wish Mistress.'

Karen sighed with relief as the answer came.

'Good, you have done well. You may be rewarded later.  Let us continue our
little tour.'

Along the next wall Karen saw some more complicated equipment.  The cross, the
St Andrews cross was easily recognised, but there were some frames with
arrangements of pulleys and ropes that could only be used to hold the victim in
some form of torment, stretched, suspended or whatever the Master or Mistress
wished.  Along the third wall there were several sets of stocks, designed to
hold the prisoner in various totally exposed positions, and at the end was a
pillory which seemed to have sufficient adjustments to make life very
uncomfortable for someone.   All along the wall were endless sets of loops and
hooks, Karen presumed that these were for restraining in some manner or other.
Finally, along the last wall, next to the chairs, but on the other side to the
fire, was what could only be a rack, large wide and long with pulleys ropes and
bars for every conceivable use.  And, what was that, on the other side of the
fireplace, in the furthest corner was what could only be a wooden horse, a
wooden pony, a device she knew from previous experience, could be very very
uncomfortable, very uncomfortable indeed..

'You like what you see, slut?'  The question from Karl shocked Karen, who had
almost forgotten his presence.

'Y-y-yes Master, yes Master', she stuttered.

Her new Mistress spoke again, 'My dear, you didn't look up did you?'

'No, Mistress.  May I do so Mistress?'

The answer was more an instruction than an affirmative and Karen immediately
looked up.  Hanging from the ceiling were a number of ropes, chains and bars and
it was clear than any or all of these could easily be used for restraint as and
when desired.

'Now my dear, move to the center of the room and stand on that stage.'

Karen looked, and realised that the centre of the room was in fact slightly
raised and had various hooks around the edge, obviously for later use.

'Your first lesson will begin!', Greta ordered.  'Stand with your legs wide and
your hands behind your head!'

Karen obeyed, aware that her wetness was very obvious and, with her arms high,
her heavy breasts were jutting out emphasising the swollen nipples, set
sosweetly in the center of her large dark brown areolae.

'Stand still, slut, and remember that this is the position you will hold at all
times unless I order otherwise.'

'Yes Mistress.'  Karen breathed a sigh of relief, fearing more severe
punishment.  She stood for a while and then, despite herself, she eased her
position slightly.

'Slut, you moved.  Moved without permission!'  Greta came across and slapped
Karen's heavy tits, one after the other until they glowed red and seemed to
bounce uncontrollably.

'You need some assistance I can see', and, as she was saying this, Karen heard
the chink of chains being lowered down above her.  Greta grabbed Karen's right
wrist and quickly strapped a thick leather cuff around it, then the left wrist
was treated similarly.  The cuffed wrists were hooked, fixed in some way, to the
chains.  Kneeling down she fixed a spreader bar and cuffs to Karen's ankles. 
Karen felt the chains tightening and her arms were drawn tightly over her head
until she was stood on tip toe.

'Now, my little bitch, my slut, you can stand like this while you miserable
partner is given his instructions by the Master.'

Karen knew she had to respond, but all she could do was to murmur 'Thank you
Mistress, thank you.'

She knew that she was held firmly and even as the ache in her arms grew she knew
that the strain of standing on tip toe would be worse.  She dreamed of wearing
her heels again, at least there would be some relief.  Little did she know that
some of the torments to come would answer her thoughts, but in a much harsher
way than she could dream.





End of part 3


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 4 - Andy in Training


Andy knelt, head bowed towards the stone floor, listening to the sounds of Karen
and Greta moving about the of the room.  He could not resist raising his head a
little to see what was going on, and he watched as best he could while his lover
was paraded around, until he felt a strong hand on the back of his head, pushing
it back down into position.

'Your time will come Andy, now keep your head down, or you will make it worse
for yourself.' Karl's voice, quietly, almost soothingly, but with an edge of
menace, came from beside him.  Andy kept his head down for the rest of the time
that Karen was being shown around.  In spite of himself, he could feel a rush of
blood to his loins and felt his cock start to harden slightly once more.  He
knew that there was no point fighting it, knew that his desires were about to be
uncovered, and revealed to him. Desires that he had kept to himself for a long
time.  Desires he had not even discussed with Karen.

His thoughts of what was to come were interrupted when he heard Greta speak.

'Now, my little bitch, my slut, you can stand like this while your miserable
partner is given his instructions by the Master.'

He almost raised his head at these words, but remembering what Karl had said
earlier, he managed to catch himself just in time, and remained kneeling with
his head bowed.

'Now, Andy it is time for you to be shown around.  Raise your head, and stand.'
Karl's voice came from behind him.

As he stood his eyes moved around the room, taking it in, and then he saw Karen,
exposed on the small raised stage.  He saw how her legs were held apart by a
metal pole attached to both ankles, and how she was forced to stand on tip-toes. 
It was obvious that to all intents and purposes she was suspended in the air. 
His eyes widened , and his semi-erect cock gave an involuntary tremor as he saw
how Karen had been treated.  Suddenly his view was blocked as Karl came to stand
in front of him.

'You did well to stay knelt for that length of time, Andy,' Karl smiled, 'with
only one minor infraction.  However from now on I will not be so  forgiving. No
more errors, do you hear me?'

'Yes Sir,'

Karl reached out and grabbed Andy's right nipple, twisting it viciously.  'What
is the correct response?'

'Yes Master, sorry Master.' Andy corrected himself immediately, feeling relief
as his nipple was released.

'Let that be a lesson to you, my slave!'

Karl stood back and inspected Andy, walking all around him, looking him up and
down. Once again, in spite of himself, Andy felt his organ start to rise.

'Have you ever been with a man before slave?' Karl, with a glint in his eye,
asked as he stood in front of him.

'No Master, I haven't' Andy replied, not altogether convincingly.  Nobody knew,
he was sure, but he had always taken an interest, an intense interest, in the
goings on in some mens rooms.  His eyes had often roamed around the changing
room at the gym.  In fact he had often wondered what it would be like to go with
a man, but had never taken that step.  He wondered if this was to be the night.

Almost immediately his thoughts were answered when he heard Karl say 'Well we
shall have to see what we can do about that shan't we?  I can see you are not
turned off by the idea.'

Andy looked at Karl staring at his hardened cock.  As he circled him, he slapped
a riding crop against the back of his leg.  Reaching out with the crop, Karl
trailed it over Andy's cock, slowly starting on the topmost side, stroking it
along to the dark red swollen tip.  Finally he trailed it around the pronounced
rim and down along the underside. As he reached the base Karl could not resist
flicking it over the pendulous balls.  Andy felt his cock strain at this new
touch, and hoped he could control himself, sensing that to cum would be
punished.  Probably severely punished.  Karl, perhaps sensing this, gave a last
flick, and then the crop was gone from his balls.

Karl moved round behind him. 'Bend and touch your toes slave, and prepare for
inspection.'

As he did so Andy saw the Karl's feet close behind him.  He felt a cold
sensation on his puckered hole, as some kind of lubrication was applied.  This
did not worry him, as he had touched himself in this way many times before, and
had even used a dildo at times.  Even so he had never been touched there by any
one else, not even Karen in some of their wilder moments.  Finally he felt
Karl's middle finger, or perhaps fingers, enter him, pushing gently, until
finally it, they, was all the way in, and he felt himself being probed.

'Good, good, plenty of room for play there.  If you have not been with a man
before you must have used a dildo on yourself.  Am I correct?'

'Yes Master.', Andy blushed, realising that Karen would now know too.

'Good!' Karl beamed and turned to his wife, who had watched and listened for the
whole of the inspection.  'You want to inspect our new toy too, my love? He
seems almost perfect for us, in fact they both do.'

'Why thank you my dear!  Perhaps you should introduce yourself properly to
Karen.', Greta smiled at her husband, 'Inspect her while I examine this
specimen.'

Immediately Karl turned on his heel, and walked across to where Karen hung.

Andy turned his attention were turned to Greta as she approached, her dress
flowing and her spike heels tapping on the stone floor as she did.

'Were you watching me approach slave?' Greta snapped.

'No Mistress' he replied, remembering too late the instructions he had been
given earlier.  He hoped that Greta had not noticed his furtive look.

Greta reached down and took Andy by the balls, squeezing tightly, her painted
nails digging into their underside.  Andy gasped with the pain, but could not
resist the feeling as his erection intensified.

'Don't you ever lie to me again slave!!  That is the worst thing you can do.
Punishment will be both swift and painful, understand?' Greta hissed in his ear.

'Yes, Mistress' Andy gasped as the torment continued.

'Now, were you watching me?' Greta asked again, with more force in her voice.

'Yes, Mistress.  I was Mistress!!' there was fear in his voice now.

'That's better, and don't think just because you have been honest with me that
it means you will not be punished' she warned.  With this she released his balls
and moved to the side of the room, returning with what appeared to be a whip
with a number of separate strands.  Karen would have recognised it as a
short-tail.

'Now bend down, grab your ankles, and accept what you deserve, what you perhaps
truly want and need!'

Andy obeyed.  As he did so he glanced up the room, and caught a brief sight of
Karl touching Karen, touching her between the legs, and he shuddered at the
thought of what she was going through.  Little did he know that she was
enjoying, lusting for, the attention she was receiving.  More, her juices were
flowing copiously.  Her excitement was growing with each of the pegs that Karl
was attaching to her swollen labia.

Andy became more aware of his own position by the first blow from the
short-tail, which landed firmly and squarely across his widely exposed ass.  It
was stinging like nothing he had known before.  Even so, once the sting had
subsided a warmth overcame him, only to be replaced by the sting from the next
blow.  Six times in total the tails struck his tender cheeks and each time he
gasped and cried out with the pain.

'Now stand up my sweet slave-boy, and look at me' Greta returned to stand wide
legged in front of him. 'You took that well - considering.'  She smiled at him.


'At least I think I am right.  This is the first time you have enjoyed such
sweet pleasures?'  Greta stared intently, fixing her gaze on his tear stained
eyes.

'Yes Mistress, it is Mistress' Andy gasped.

'Well I think we are going to have to take your training one step at a time, but
you have pleased me so far, despite your disobedience.'

Her eyes dropped to his cock, which by now was straining.  He had never known it
to be this hard, this swollen and with the head felt ready to burst.  He had
begun to enjoy, intensely enjoy, the pleasure he was getting from his
predicament.  He craved more and more as Greta stared at his erection.  His ass
still glowed warmly from the flogging, as a reminder of what would happen if he
forgot the rules again.

Greta moved closer to him and took his swollen cock gently in her hand, teasing
along it's length with her nails.

'Is this the effect I had on you when we were upstairs slave?  When you caught
sight of my naked thighs?  Did you grow hard for me then?' Greta paused in her
questioning.  'Did you wonder what it would be like to push that hardness into
me?'

'Yes Mistress, I did.' Andy felt he had to be honest.

'And did you wonder if that is what was waiting for you tonight?  If that was
why we had invited you here?' she asked.  Greta took a firmer grip on his shaft
and started to stroke, trailing her long, red painted, nails along and under the
rim.

'Oh yes Mistress, yes I did.' Andy replied, almost a little too eagerly.

'Well you were wrong,' Greta hissed, 'that miserable thing is not worthy of my
wetness!  Until you have been trained a lot more you will never get it near me,
and certainly not tonight!' With this she released his cock, which she had
skilfully bought close to the point of no return with her stroking.  She stood
back looking at the trace of pre-cum glistening on the end of his erection.

'Now it is time to show you our little pleasure palace.  I usually like to lead
my slaves by their cocks, but I suspect that you will make a mess of my hand if
I do that right now, so I shall have to try something else.'

Greta turned on her heel, her needle spiked heel, and moved once again to the
side wall.  Andy took advantage of her turned back to see what fate had befallen
Karen.  He was shocked to see that the Karl had covered her shaven labia and
jutting tits with clothes pins.  Her mouth appeared to be filled with what could
only be a ball attached to some kind of harness.  Karen's head was thrown back
so that he could not see her eyes.

The sound of the spiked heels returning, bought his eyes back to the floor, as
he awaited her return.

'Lift your head' Greta ordered.

He obeyed and saw that she stood in front of him with a small collar and leash. 
She moved towards him and strapped the collar round the root of his erect cock,
cinching it tight around his sac, before attaching the leash to it. 'Now I shall
show you some of the pleasures that we have in store for you, as you are new to
this, I shall permit you to ask any questions you want, about anything you see.
But, be warned this is the only time you will be given this opportunity, is that
clear?'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress' Andy replied, still aware of the strength of
his erection.

'Excellent!' Greta smiled. 'Follow me'.

She set off around the room, leading him as she went, pointing out various
pieces of equipment to him, and answering his questions as they occurred.
Finally brought him, with the collar still firmly strapped around his swollen
cock, to stand in front of Karen and Karl, before ordering him to kneel at her
side.

Andy obeyed without question, and knelt with his back straight, and head bowed,
not daring to look at Karen or the attentions she had been given while he had
been with his Mistress.




End of part 4


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 5 - The Decision


Andy stayed motionless as ordered, but he could hear soft moans from Karen.  He
knew that his new Master and Mistress had gone over to her and were, he
imagined, inspecting her torment in greater detail.

As he knelt and waited, Karen watched her captors walk towards her.  Karl stood
in front of her and she could see that, judging by the bulge in his trousers, he
was quite excited, quite aroused, by her predicament.  She wondered if he was
going to make use of her, now, or later.  Despite herself she couldn't help
wondering what it would be like, and she glanced across to Andy.  He was still
kneeling but even now, after his whipping, his cock was standing proud, hard and
swollen; even harder, it seemed, than it had ever been when they had made love.

Karen's thoughts were disturbed by Greta, who had moved behind her. 'Do those
little pegs hurt you, my dear?'.

Karen, unable to speak, nodded her head.

'Would you like me to remove them?'  Karen nodded again and tried to speak
through her gag.

Greta looked at her husband for his reaction.

'Oh yes my dear, you love doing that so much, I know!'.

With his approval, Karen could feel the warm soft hand of Greta, her new
Mistress, move round her body and cup her tormented right breast.

'Mmmmmmm, how nicely it glows with those pegs, perhaps you really like them
after all!'.  As Greta spoke she removed the pegs around the tormented breast
one by one, not gently but more by pulling them so that, as they relinquished
their firm embrace, of the tender flesh they snapped shut.  They left her breast
with a final gentle click.  As the pegs were removed Karen slowly regained some
sensation in her pinched flesh.  Only the final peg, firmly on her nipple,
remained.

'Would you like this', Greta flicked the final peg, 'to be removed as well, my
Dear?'

Again, Karen nodded, by this time her eyes wet with tears.

'I warn you, when this peg comes off it will hurt more than it does now!'

Karen felt the grip of the peg ease on her swollen throbbing red nipple and, as
it did, she felt the blood pulsing into the bruised flesh.  Greta was right, as
the blood flowed the pain in her nipple surged and pounded before it slowly
subsided.

'There, my sweet, you see, not too bad after all was it?'

Karen could only shake her head.

Then, without any warning she felt Greta's hand cup and squeeze her breast,
gently kneading it and slowly, so slowly, so very slowly, teasing her nipple
into full hardness again.  Despite herself, Karen shuddered.  Her extended
position, on tip toe was becoming quite painful; her toes could ease the
tensions only a little.  As the pleasure of the fondling continued, the
uncontrollable shudders she made had the effect of relaxing her legs and making
her suspended position more and more uncomfortable.

'Oh, yes, you see, you like that, you like that a lot, don't you?'.  Greta
murmured.

Karen nodded again.

'Let us lower her slightly, shall we, she can stand on her feet, take the strain
off her toes and relax a little.'  Karl spoke for the first time, 'Oh, yes,' he
looked at Greta, 'if we remove her gag, she will learn how to speak to her
superiors too.'

Karen was silently grateful as the chain was eased and her weight could be taken
on her feet rather than her toes.  Her poor toes, they ached so much now that
she wondered how she had ever managed to handle the pain.  Bliss indeed! Her
arms were still extended, still holding her erect, her large breasts till
jutting proudly.

Greta released the strap holding the gag and removed the ball from Karen's
mouth.

'You did well my dear, was that the first time you have been gagged like that?'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.', Karen replied, thankful that she seemed to
have found the right words to show her position as a slave.

Greta continued caressing and kneading Karen's tender right breast.

'Would you like me to remove the other pegs now, slut?'

Karen thought briefly about her reply.

'Yes, if that is what my Mistress wishes.'

Clearly she had said the right thing, as Greta, began removing the clips from
her other breast, finishing by removing the cruel grip on her nipple.  Karen
tensed with the pain, but felt another smooth warm soft hand slide around to cup
her other breast.  It felt so nice so good, after the prolonged torment. She was
well aware of the pleasure that Karl had had in inflicting the torment on her
flesh.

Greta kneaded and squeezed and pulled Karen's generous breasts, slowly but
surely shifting the focus of her attention to the nipples.  Karen was aware that
they were being pinched gently and slowly pulled and extended, rubbed along
almost like rubbing a little cock in fact.  She felt the pleasure pain of the
pulling exciting, arousing her once again.

'You like that, my slave?', Greta whispered in her ear, 'you want some more of
my special treatment?'

'Yes, Mistress, please use my breasts, no, sorry Mistress, my tits, please use
my tits as it pleases you.  Please use my nipples Mistress.'  Karen began to
wriggle slightly within her bonds as waves of pleasure flowed over her.

She looked across at Andy, still kneeling, but, disobeying his earlier
instructions, watching her torment with wide eyes.  Karen had never entreated
him like that when he had indulged in such caresses.  Even so, he thought, 'I
can't really complain, she is being pleasured and my cock is still hard and
swollen'.  Indeed it was, he couldn't remember the last time he had sustained
such a firm and proud erection for such a long time.  Despite himself, despite
his predicament he was aroused, perhaps more aroused for longer than he had ever
thought possible.

Karl glanced over at Andy, and, seeing his erect and swollen throbbing cock,
called across to him 'You seem to enjoy this, my slave.  Do you mind if we
continue with your sweet lady for a while longer?'

'Yes Master, please use her as you and Mistress wish.'  Andy replied hoarsely,
knowing that he had no choice in the matter.

'Oh, we will, we will!', Karl replied, and, moving as he spoke, towards Karen,
he gently flicked the remaining clips on her, by now, swollen labia.

'Shall I remove them now', he spoke to his wife, 'or do you wish the pleasure?'

Greta shook her head, 'No my dear, I am enjoying these heavy tits, and I know
you want to feel her wetness so much.'

Karl was clearly happy to accept the offer and he began to remove the pegs from
each labial lip.  As with her nipples, Karen felt the surge of pain as the blood
returned to the tender flesh, the moist tender flesh.

'Is that better my dear', Karl leered at her 'did you like being clipped like
that?'

Karen had to agree, as a slave she had no choice, except in the form of words
that she used.

'Yes, my Master, I only wish to please you.  If you wish to clip my labia I will
beg for you if that is what you wish.'

'Bitch! I did not understand that!', Karl snapped, as he tugged on the tender
flesh.

'Oh my Master I am so sorry, I will always enjoy it whenever you wish to put
clips or pegs on my cunt lips.  My cunt is here to please you and Mistress.'

'Better, slut, remember to choose your words carefully in future.'   Karen
gasped as she felt his fingers search for her soft wet opening, and gasped again
as she felt him probing deeper and deeper.

'Thank you Master, thank you', she gasped, knowing instinctively that she had to
thank him for his every action.

The fingers continued probing and, despite herself, Karen, with her nipples
still being stimulated by Greta and her softest tenderest recesses being probed
by Karl, felt that she could no longer resist the inevitable orgasm.

Suddenly Greta spoke, from behind her.

'No, my dear, you will not cum yet, not until we wish it!'  As she spoke she let
Karen's nipples free and noted with satisfaction that the heavy tits settled and
hung down in their new found freedom.  Just as suddenly the probing, pleasing
fingers were removed.

'Now lick your juices from my fingers bitch, lick them clean, now!'

Karen greedily licked her juices from the fingers that had so recently invaded
her, revelling in the sweet taste of her own juices.  She had never told anyone,
not even Andy, that one of her secret pleasures had always been to finger
herself, to thrust deeply into herself and then to lick her juices.  It was a
secret that she had successfully hidden, but, did she but know it, it was a
secret that she would soon reveal to her captors, and to any others that wished
it.

Through all of this Andy had been trying to keep still but, despite himself, the
pleasure of watching his lover being tormented by another man, and another
woman, was almost unbearable.  He thought that he would almost ejaculate, almost
cum, with nothing other than visual stimulation, a dream he had long had.  As
far as he could recall the only times he had ejaculated without any physical
stimulation were way back in his distant youth, in the days when he had
discovered, or so he thought, the unique, to him, pleasures of masturbation. 
His mind wandered a little and he recalled how since his early teens he had
masturbated at least once every day, and even as he reached into his thirties it
was a habit, no, a pleasure, an intense pleasure, that he enjoyed.

As Karl and Greta walked over it was obvious that they had a clear understanding
of his thoughts.

'I suppose you would like to cum, slave', Karl asked him, with a smile playing
over his lips.

'Yes my Master, if it is your pleasure I would dearly like to cum.  May I have
your permission please Master, please Mistress'.

They looked at each other and smiled.

'Well, my dear, shall we?  Greta spoke, 'Perhaps I should make a start for you.'

As she spoke she walked a little closer to the kneeling submissive and eased off
her right boot.

Andy glanced at it briefly, taking in the smooth black leather, the high spike
heel, before he averted his gaze.

'Ha, never fear, you will be seeing a lot of my shoes, my boots and my feet in
future, more than seeing, in fact!', Greta smiled.

'But first, let me try this.'

As she finished speaking she lifted her now bare foot, her smooth painted toes
clearly slightly damp from their confinement in the soft leather.  She began to
caress the throbbing cock, from the tip, down the swollen shaft and back again. 
After a few stokes, she concentrated on the swollen head, and as she did so she
could see streaks of pre-cum on her smooth bare toes.

'Oh no, slave, we will stop there, I think', Greta removed her foot, slipping
into her boot.  'Well, my dear, what do you think of his cock?  Will it be
satisfactory do you think?'

Karl looked at her and reached over, and, to Andy's horror, he grasped the
swollen phallus and squeezed it.

'Hmmmmmmm, very good, nice and thick and a good length too!', Karl murmured as
he gave the warm throbbing member a few gentle strokes.

Despite himself Andy felt a thrill, he had often wondered about another man's
cock, and how it would feel and how it would feel to have another man feeling
his erection.  Nice!  He decided that he definitely enjoyed the sensation. Karl
stopped his stroking.

'Like that did you, want some more do you?'

'Yes my owner, my Master,' Andy couldn't believe his answer, 'I want that so
much, will you allow me to cum as you stroke my cock Master?'

Karl shook his head.

'No, neither you, or that woman,', looking at Karen, 'will ever cum without our
permission.'

Greta moved away and settled in her fireside chair, joined by Karl.  They looked
at the two captives, Karen, naked, and stood barefoot, with her arms still held
above her head, and Andy, naked, kneeling and still with an erection.

Greta, who was obviously the more dominant partner, spoke at last.

'Yes we have decided.  You would both make excellent slaves.  Are you willing to
join us?' She stared intently at Karen.  'Before you answer you should be aware
that if you do you will suffer many pains and torments, you will both be
humiliated, in front of us and in front of others.'

Karen looked at her wide eyed while Andy remained expressionless.

'You will serve us in any way we wish, and if the fancy takes us we will use
either or both of you for our own sexual pleasures.'

Karen looked across at Andy and an almost imperceptible nod passed between them.

'Hmmmmmmm', Greta continued, 'so far so good!  We shall also use you both to
give pleasure to others, as and when we desire.  But,' she raised her voice, 'be
aware that once you say yes and agree there will be no turning back.  We shall
OWN you, is that clearly understood?'

She looked at Karen, who nodded, and then at Andy who went to speak, thought
better of it, and nodded.

'Excellent!' Karl continued the conversation.  'Let me tell you of our rules,
they are few but fair, and we shall never break them or allow any of our friends
to break them. You will be used sexually in any way that pleases us. You will be
beaten, cropped, caned, whipped or whatever we wish.  You will endure these
instruments of pain and pleasure you see around you, whenever we wish.'  Karl
paused and stood up.

'But, and take note of this, you will never be hurt beyond your capacity
forenduring.   We will mark your skin, stripe it, but we will never break it. 
Wewill never draw blood.  We will never cause any permanent damage.  We will
never pierce you or burn you.  Other than that we will be free to use you as we
wish.'  Karl moved closer to the couple.

'Understood?'

Again Karen and Andy nodded acceptance.

'Finally, before you speak your acceptance, we will give you a safeword.'  Karl
continued, looking at his wife, who nodded her approval.  'A word that either of
you may use whenever the torment or experience you are undergoing is too much
for you.  A word that you will use only at the extremes of your endurance.  If
you use it lightly and for no good reason you may expect to be punished without
mercy, do you understand, without mercy!'

Again the pair nodded acceptance.

'Excellent!', Greta continued the conversation, 'in that case I ask you the
question,' she looked at Karen, 'Karen, do you accept that you will become our
slave to use as we wish?'

Karen thought but briefly and nodded, 'Yes Mistress, I accept. I want serve you
and Master in any way you desire.'

Greta nodded, 'Good, I accept you as a slave.  And now you, Andy', she looked
across the room.

Without hesitation Andy replied 'Yes Mistress, I accept, please use me as your
slave.'

Greta nodded once more.  'There is one final formality to observe, for both of
you the safeword, the word you will only use at your very limits will be Mercy',
do you both understand?'

Again there were nods of acceptance.

Now that the business, as it were, was settled, both Karl and Greta relaxed a
little.

'Now you are here,' Karl spoke first, 'you may stop for the rest of this
weekend.  I know you both have a week's vacation due so I suggest you both stop
with us for a few days.

Karen looked at Andy and smiled. 'We can begin your training and you can learn
the true pleasures of a submissive, of a slave.  Is that acceptable?'

Karl knew that in any case they would stay.

He was in fact the owner of the company which employed them both, even though
they were unaware of the fact.  Most of his employees thought that he was merely
some kind of figurehead for an absentee owner, someone who never visited the
facility.   As the owner, of course, he had absolute power and could easily
arrange for them to be absent, or even, he thought, smiling, sent 'on a course',
a ploy he had used to obtain the two slaves that he was currently holding in the
corridor that Karen had approached earlier.

Karen and Andy, in unison, both answered, 'Yes Master!'

Greta stood up and moved towards he husband.

'That is settled, we will make arrangements for your sleeping quarters, remain
there, still and silent, until we return.'

As they left the room Karen and Andy pondered their fate.





End of part 5


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 6 - Threesome


The door clicked shut behind Greta and Karl.

Karen and Andy relaxed as much as their positions would allow, although both
were aware that they would have to return instantly to their proper position
before the door opened.  The door had not been locked so that there would be
little warning.

They looked at one another from their places in the dungeon.  Dungeon, not a
cellar, not a  wine cellar, but a dungeon, where they knew that they would be
spending many hours in the days and weeks to come.  Neither dared to speak, but
they took comfort from each others presence and the fond smiles that passed
between them.

Both now knew that this was what they wanted, what they craved.

For Andy it was an admission of needs and desires that could be traced back to
past experiences.  As these thoughts ran through his head, his cock, which had
softened a little since Greta and Karl left the room, started to swell again.

He, became aware of an ache, deep within his pulsing shaft telling, signs of a
cum that waiting to explode, an intense and overpowering orgasm.

For her part, Karen, stood on the stage, her arms still held high and wide by
her shackles, glad that the suspension had bee relieved and that her bare feet,
her sore toes could rest comfortably upon the hard surface..  She too was lost
in her thoughts.

Her mind ran over the events of the past few hours, and she felt a familiar
warmth in her cunt grow and surge once more. She had experienced feelings like
this before.  The feeling of submission.  The feeling of being used.  Her
marriage had been like this, submitting, being used, being abused.  This was
somehow more powerful, and more intense, and perhaps even more pleasurable.

Greta and Karl obviously knew how to exploit a willing victim, how to bring her
to the brink of sublime release and then deny the ultimate pleasure.  Karen had
to admit to herself that the constant feeling, on the edge of release, was in
some perverse way, almost a release in itself.  She shuddered at the thought of
what was to come, feeling her warm sweet juices building inside her.  She tried
to control her feelings: after all she could be being observed in some secret
way.

They were both shaken from their reverie by the sound of the door opening once
more.  Greta entered the room, the dungeon and Karen quickly realised that she
had changed into a more informal dress, more a simple robe in fact, and this
time she was wearing simple high, spike heeled mules on her feet  Karl followed
her, but appeared not have changed in any way

'Now, my dears, are you ready to move?'  Both nodded, not daring to speak.  'We
have prepared your rooms for tonight, they will have to do until we can move you
into your permanent, more suitable. quarters.'

Greta walked towards them

'You will rest,' she smiled, 'for tonight, and your proper training will begin
in the morning.  I can promise you that no further punishment, no serious
punishment, will be given tonight.  You may relax a little, at least for a
while.' She smiled broadly.  'Understand?'

'Yes Mistress' they replied together, thankful that, for now at least, they
could relax.

As Greta had been talking, Karl had gone to Karen and released her wrists,
rubbing them to ease the soreness and discomfort that would build with the
return of the normal circulation.  For Karen, the feeling of release was a
combination of pleasure and disappointment. She knew that more would follow,
and, that, with time she would experience everything, every pleasure, she craved
and more.  Karl led her to stand beside the kneeling Andy.  He motioned Andy to
stand up .

'Now my slaves, we will take you to your quarters.  We intend that your time
with us will be a long and pleasant one, for all concerned.' Greta smiled
wickedly as she said this, and bought her hands from behind her back.  From each
dangled a leather leash.  She handed one to her husband, and leant across and
fixed it around Andy's smooth neck.  Karl was doing the same to Karen.

'Come, stand up, and follow us to your rooms, your separate rooms.', she turned
at stared at the naked couple.  'You are of course quite aware that you two will
not be allowed to share a room, a bed, together at any time while you stay with
us.  Unless, of course, we decide that such a treat would amuse us!  Is that
clear?'

'Yes Mistress'

'Thank you Mistress'

They were led through the corridors which ran underneath the entire house, until
they came to one similar to those in so many hotels. with several doors on
either side.

Karl stood in front of one with Karen, while Greta and Andy stood in front of
another, on the opposite side of the corridor.

Greta moved forward, opened the door, and led Andy into a sparsely decorated
room, with no windows.  In the centre of the room he saw a large bed with an
iron frame, with leather cuffs which hung from chains at each bed post.  Andy
wondered what was going to happen to him for the rest of this night.  The walls
were painted white, and in the left corner stood a small table.  On this  was a
large, widescreen, television set, the only obvious sign of normality in the
room.  There was an open door to the right hand wall, and, moving forwards a
couple of paces, he could see that this led to a bathroom, with a toilet, sink
and large shower cubicle.

His thoughts were disturbed by his new Mistress, 'Turn around, slave, and sit on
the bed.'

Andy obeyed, and as he turned he noted that Greta had let down her long black
hair, and shaken it out, so that it flowed over her face, and down her back. 
She moved towards him.

'Now, I am as good as my word slave, for this night you will relax and enjoy.
This is about pleasure. No pain or punishment, I promise you.'  Greta stared
into his eyes.  'But, you are still under my command, and will not question
anything that happens, and I mean anything. Do you understand?'

'Yes Mistress' Andy replied and began to smile to himself.

'Now lie back on the bed, and get yourself comfortable, while I go get some
things from the bathroom.'

Andy laid back on the bed, and rested his head on the pillow, feeling a tremor
in his partly erect cock, as he wondered, hopefully, what was to happen next.

Greta returned from the bathroom, carrying a small tray, holding a bowl of warm
water, a small pair of scissors, a tin of shaving foam, a razor and a towel.

Andy didn't need to ask what this was to be for, he was only thankful that it
was a safety razor and not an open one!  He felt his cock stiffen more at the
thought, as he had shaved himself at times in the past.  He loved it, the
heightened sensitivity that it brought was wonderful.

'I can see from your face that you know what is about to happen.'  Greta took a
small cloth from the bowl of water 'We both prefer our slaves to be shaven, and
were pleased when we found that Karen had done herself already.  You were a
disappointment to us, but we shall soon put that right.'

She reached out and moistened Andy's pubic area.  Placing the cloth back in the
bowl, she took the scissors and began to snip and cut away at the dark hair,
gradually cutting it back to little more than stubble.  Satisfied, picked up the
tin of foam.  By now the effect on Andy's cock was self-evident.  It was rock
hard, a slight tremor making it move with his pounding pulse.  Greta sprayed a
small quantity of the foam into the palm of her hand, and began to slowly spread
it around the stiff proud cock and swollen  balls.  Once she had covered the
whole area, she wiped her hands, picked up the razor. . Taking her time, she
slowly and skilfully worked the razor over and through the foam, shaving away
every trace of the stubble.  Holding his hard cock in one hand she moved it to
allow her to access every last fold in his flesh.

Finally she sat up, 'This is the last time I will do this for you, you are to
keep yourself shaved like this from now on. Do you understand?'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.'

'Good!'  With this she lowered her head and softly kissed the swollen, throbbing
dark red head.

He gasped with pleasure, and moaned with delight as she opened her mouth and
slid her mouth over his glans, stimulating the shaft with her tongue as she did
so.  Andy was struggling to control his instincts, he was not sure he could hold
back any longer.  The moment of release was fast approaching as Greta removed
her mouth from him, and stood at the side of the bed.

'It won't be long now, slave,  and you will have all the release you desire. Be
patient!'  She turned on her heel and returned the tray into the bathroom. Andy
looked longingly at her as she walked.  He was desperate to reach down to stroke
his cock.  Masturbation was all he could think of.  He needed, wanted, was
desperate for, release.  He knew this would be punished severely, and struggled
to resist his urges.  He hoped desperately that her last words to him were
indeed true.

Greta came out of the bathroom, and switched on the television before walking
out of the room, turning and speaking to Andy as she went.

'You wait there, I shall come soon.'

He lay on the bed, and sighed.  He wanted his Mistress so badly, any woman in
fact at this moment.  How long would it be before Greta returned?  What would
happen when she did?  Questions raced through his mind.  The only answer he had
was simple.  He was no longer in control.  He had to do exactly as he was told. 
In a strange way this actually thrilled him.  Lying still on his bed he let his
close, until suddenly he was startled by the sound of the television in the
corner coming to life.

He opened his eyes and looked.  What he saw made him sit upright.  Made him
stare in amazement.

Displayed on the screen, unashamedly, was Karen.  On her knees!  Her hands were
clutching the metal rails at the head of the bed.  Behind her was Karl.  Karl
was naked!  Karl was thrusting hard, hard and fast, into her.  Andy watched
fascinated, as the door, just visible at the edge of the screen, opened.

Greta walked in, smiling.  Neither Karl nor Karen looked round as she entered.
Karl did not miss a single thrusting, pounding, stroke.  Karen was obviously
enjoying herself.  Her head was thrown back and her mouth was wide open with
delight.  Andy scrambled off the bed, and turned the volume higher. Immediately
the room was filled with Karen's moans and cries.

Andy returned to lay on the bed, and watched, enthralled, as Greta came to the
side of the bed, and dropped her dress from her shoulders.  She was wearing a
brief, incredibly brief, quarter bra, that merely adorned her full breasts,
together with an equally brief thong.  Other than those two flimsy, but
nevertheless erotic, garments, she was smoothly naked.  She had a superb body,
with a narrow waist, slim hips, both accentuated by full, firm breasts, with
large dark circles around her obviously erect nipples.  She removed her
remaining garments and stood watching the frantic coupling on the bed.

As he watched he saw Greta slide onto the bed and under Karen, until she was
between her legs. All the while, Karl continued to thrust hard into Karen, and
Greta's movements were so natural, so practised, so synchronised that it looked
like it had been practised by her and Karl many times before.

Greta began using her tongue, alternating between Karen's clitoris and Karl's
shaft as it continued to pound relentlessly into  of Karen's wet engorged cunt. 
Karen's screams, alternating with throaty moans,  intensified, and Andy knew
that she would cum soon, although, in his times with her he had never heard her
scream like this. He could see that Karen was gripping the rail even harder.
Clearly, the pressure that had been building would soon be released.  Greta and
Karl's movements became a blur as they pushed Karen closer and closer to her
climax until finally she threw her head back, and let out a long and piercing
scream which came from deep within.  Her whole body shook, as she was wracked
with pleasure.  Andy realised that the whole time he had been watching, he had
been, not consciously, if that were possible, stroking himself.  He masturbated
so frequently that in a situation like this he behaved as he had always behaved. 
This, however, was not the place, and not the time, to indulge his special
pleasure.  He reached his own unavoidable climax and spurted copious amounts
onto his flat shaven stomach.


He had cum, and cum hard, and he knew it would not be too long before the blood
started drain from his still engorged cock.  Desperate to avoid discovery he
rushed to the bathroom, and used a tissue to clean the worst of the salty
creaminess off before turning on the shower and stepping inside.

The sounds of activity in Karen's room continued, and he wished he had turned
the sound down  before getting in the shower.  He completed washing himself
down, and was about to get out of the shower, when he heard the door to his room
open.

Stepping out quickly, he wrapped a towel round him.  But, before he had a chance
to move, the naked figure of Karl stood before him, his erect penis swinging
with each step.

'Showering, slave?  Thought you would have been watching the entertainment' he
sniggered.

'I w-w-was Master.'

'You made yourself cum while you watched didn't you?'

The look of embarrassment, of shame, on Andy's face answered the question

'Well you will be punished for that in the morning.  Severely punished!  You
know that is against our rules.  Don't you slave?'

'Yes Master.'

'Well then, you will now have to satisfy me, although I had had plans to make
this mutually satisfying episode', Karl leered, 'but I doubt that will happen
now  Now come back in to the bedroom. Quickly!'

Andy followed Karl and watched as he sat on the edge of the bed.  The shame he
felt was not helped by seeing Karl's stiff cock pointing upwards, still in a
strong and powerful erection.  He was well aware that his own well handled
member was hanging limp and useless between his shaven thighs.

Karl was watching the television, and paid little heed to Andy.  Ignored by
Karl, he turned to look at the continuing scene as it unfolded before him.

Karen was writhing between the legs of a moaning Greta, her tongue flicking over
the shaven mound, working it's way teasingly up and down the creases between 
thighs and cunt, before sliding it down the crevice between the engorged labia. 
As it parted it was obvious that Greta have exuded copious amounts of warm
juices that Karen was clearly savoring.  Greta, all the while that Karen was
pleasing her, held her nipples between thumb and forefinger of each hand, as she
arched and thrust onto Karen's eager mouth.

Andy felt a slight stirring in his groin, and hoped that he could please his
Master.  He realised that he would be experiencing another man for the first
time.

His thoughts were disturbed by Karl's voice whispering in his ear 'Go and turn
the television off and come to me'.

Andy did so and turned to face Karl, who held his hand out to him.  Andy
hesitated briefly before taking the hand, and moving closer, allowing Karl to
place a hand on each his shoulders.

'Everything will be just fine' Karl said 'Relax!'

With this he leaned forward and kissed Andy softly on the lips.  Andy was not
sure how to react, but he felt the  warm soft lips, quickly replaced by Karl's
gently probing tongue.  Andy darted his own tongue out to meet it, and soon
found himself in an embrace, his tongue locking with Karl.  He felt a hardness
press against him, and, in return felt a stronger stirring in his own loins.

Karl broke the kiss, and moved his head slightly back so he could look at Andy.
'Do you feel ready to satisfy me now slave?'

'Yes Master.' Andy whispered, his voice hoarse and his mouth dry.

Taking this as a signal as much as an instruction he dropped to his knees,
running his tongue down the muscled body of his new lover, his male lover, as he
did so.  Once on his knees, he looked longingly for a moment at large, thick 
cock, standing proud and erect mere inches from his face.  He wondered at the
size of the swollen veins that ran up and down the full length.  The swollen
head, fully exposed, was smooth in texture

'Go on, my slave, taste it, taste your lovers juices which are still on it.'
Karl whispered urgently.

Andy took the cock in his hand, felt the firmness, the stiffness and felt the
blood pumping through it. He ran his hand slowly down it, barely touching it,
until he reached the base, and then he moved his hand round and cupped the
heavy, smooth shaven balls,  He gently squeezed them, and heard Karl utter a
soft moan as he did so.

'Slave, take it, taste it, I need to feel your mouth round me.'

Andy took the base of the shaft in his hand, and darted his tongue out to it,
aware that his own cock was now fully erect once more.  He ran his tongue over
the head of his Masters cock, and down the shaft, licking round and under it, to
his balls, sucking them in one by one, before raising his head once more.
Opening his mouth, he slowly took the head inside and closed his lips around the
rim, running his tongue all over it.  Slowly he took more into his mouth, until
he felt the head against the back of his throat.  He moved back up the length
until it felt comfortable, and slowly started to work it in and out of his
mouth.  His hand slowly pumped the shaft at the same time.

Karl's hands were in his hair now, trying to push him further on.  Andy took
time and worked the cock with his mouth and tongue.  Karl's hands were working
harder, pushing the sucking mouth further and further onto his swollen cock.
Andy was aware soon his work would be done.  He moved his mouth back so he only
had the head of the cock inside his lips, and he worked this hard with his
tongue, whilst keeping up the stroking, the insistent stroking, on the shaft.
Finally he felt Karl's cock grow a little more, pulse a little more and tasted
the first salty drops of pre-cum on his tongue.

At this he increased the pace more, until finally Karl gasped as a  torrent of
hot cum shot into  his mouth, a torrent which jetted to the back of his throat. 
For one brief moment Andy thought he would gag or be sick, until he remembered
to swallow.  He swallowed greedily, taking every last drop of cum, rich creamy
cum, down his throat.

Finally he pulled his mouth from Karl's cock, and looked up at him 'Did I please
you my Master?'

'Yes, yes you did, very much indeed.  You need some more training but you have
done well for your first time!'  With that he leaned over and locked Andy's
right wrist into one of the cuffs at the head of the bed.  Clearly there was to
be no escape for him.

Karl stood up, turned and walked towards the door.

'You will be woken in the morning, when both of you will receive instructions
for the day.  Be warned, slave, you are going to experience the full rigors of
my little dungeon!  Sleep well!'





End of part 6


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 7 - Pleasing the Master


After the pleasures of the evening Karen and Andy slept well in their new
quarters.  Both were quite naked and had only one thin sheet to cover them, but
their rooms were warm.  The bathroom facilities were sufficiently extensive as
to make it quite clear that there was no chance, nor expectation, that either of
them would be other than scrupulously clean at all times.

Karen was woken from her sleep by the voice of her new Mistress whispering in
her ear.

'Come, my dear, time to wash and eat before your training begins in earnest.'
Greta unlocked the restraining cuff, that like Andy, in his own room, had been
fastened to ensure that the new slaves were fully aware of the predicament.

Karen stretched herself and felt her hands drawn irresistibly towards her aching
cunt, such was her usual habit on waking. This was always time for some gentle
stimulation and nearly always enough play to give her a pleasant cum to start
her day.  After a few tentative twirls across her clitoris, she was startled by
Greta.

'No, my dear, you will do that for me, and others, often, but you will only play
with yourself after you have been ordered or given permission!'

Karen was surprised but she nevertheless obeyed and quickly threw off her
covering and stood naked for her Mistress to inspect her smooth body.

'Hmmmmm, you did very well last night my little slut, and the Master was very
pleased with your performance.'  Greta smiled, 'You can be certain that he will
wish to fuck you again, and I will probably join him.'

Karen flushed as she recalled the incredible orgasm she had experienced the
previous evening, the combined attentions of husband and wife had pushed her to
peaks she had never thought possible.  Although she felt a little guilty she
couldn't avoid comparing Karl's performance with Andy.  Certainly Andy had
always fucked her to her total satisfaction and always made sure she had at
least two, and often more, orgasms, but, and she flushed as at the thought, his
cock, whilst good, quite thick and long, was no match for her new Master.  In
her time when she was married she had experienced some twenty, perhaps thirty,
or even more, different men and she was quite aware that the variation in size
and girth was fully as much as the variation in breast and nipple  sizes.  She
had learnt quite early in her married life that, as the old saying went, it was
not what the man had that counted, it was what he did with it.  Nevertheless the
Master had an incredibly thick, circumcised, cock and it must have been a full,
a genuine, nine inches with a thick swollen, and silky smooth, head.

Certainly, he had filled her and she would be more than happy to feel him inside
her again.  People had often talked about men with stallion sized equipment,
ten, eleven, or even twelve inches, but she had never seen one and believed that
in most, perhaps not all, but most, cases the claims were figments of someone's
wishful imagination.   Men!  They could always fantasise about their cocks, but
we women, she thought, could do little to disguise our physical attributes.  She
was thankful that her own breasts were full, even though they had begun to sag a
little and were less pert than Greta's breasts. Still, their shape was good,
their size was good, and at least her breasts and nipples were very very
sensitive. Her nipples were much bigger then those of her Mistress and she knew
that she could almost orgasm merely from stimulating and teasing them when the
fancy took her.  And, most satisfying of all, she could, and regularly did, suck
her own nipples, a pleasure denied to many, and something that always seemed to
please both her male and female partners.

While she daydreamed in this way she moved into the shower and began soaping
herself and feeling the scalding needles across her breasts, nipples and belly -
so good!

'Wash yourself now, and no pleasuring your body, slut!', called Greta who was
stood watching her from the doorway.

Just how she would avoid stimulating her self when she soaped and sponged
between her legs was a question she preferred not to answer; as long as it was
not too obvious she felt that a little thrill of pleasure would be permissible. 
Even so, it was obvious to Karen that in this house there was going to be no
such thing as privacy for her personal ablutions, and she knew she would have to
get used to being on display, and available, at all times.

Finally, washed, dried and powdered she stood awaiting her instructions.

'Today you will be naked, my dear, apart from this collar', she held out a thin
studded leather collar fitted with several D-rings, 'and these shoes, which I
know will fit you perfectly.'

Greta gestured to a pair of high, (very high, Karen thought), strappy sandals
with wicked spike heels.  At least she was color co-ordinated, all in black,
such as there was of it, thought Karen.  She fastened the collar, inhaling the
sweet aroma of leather, and bent to fit the shoes on her smooth bare feet. Once
she had fastened the fine straps around her ankles she stood and looked
expectantly at her Mistress.

'Come, follow me!'

Karen teetered behind her in her new shoes.  At least she was familiar with 5
inch spikes.  Heaven knows she had undergone some very special training from her
husband to make sure she could, and would, always walk comfortably in the
highest of heels.  The couple entered the breakfast room.  Karen was not
surprised to see that Karl and a naked Andy were already there, Andy wearing a
black collar like hers and a narrow, but very tight, black strap around the base
of his cock. She then noticed, with a slight shock, more a thrill of pleasure,
that since she had last seen her lover, his body was completely hairless.  His
cock and balls had been completely shaved, but she hoped for his sake it had not
been waxed, her own experience had taught her that the silky smoothness that
waxing made possible was not without a price!  For whatever reason she saw that
his normally flaccid member was semi erect, probably the effect of the strap. 
She was pleased with the effect, his fully shaven cock was more attractive, more
erotic than she had thought possible, and if it had that effect when Andy was
only semi-hard, what would be the impact of a full throbbing erection.   Perhaps
she would be permitted to find out.  Perhaps he would be allowed to pleasure her
soon.

They were ordered to sit on a hard cold bench and eat a simple, plain meal,
which was no doubt nourishing but was not as filling, not as good as they were
used to.

They were allowed to drink only water, finding that, as Karl put it, 'Luxuries
like good food and hot drinks will have to be earned in this house!'

The meal over, they were ordered to stand, heads bowed and hands behind their
backs, in front of their hosts.

'Now, your proper training will start later today' Greta stood up, 'but, first,
we have to deal with my other female guest.  She caused me some displeasure by
talking in her cell without permission!'.

Karen remembered the quiet female voice when she had stood near to the partly
concealed door in the corner of the dungeon.

'We will deal with her first and you will assist me, my dear', Greta murmured to
Karen, 'and you, Slave Andy, will await your Master's instructions before you
join us later for your final initiation into our little ways.'

Greta led Karen back down the corridor to the dungeon she felt she already knew. 
As the door opened she was beckoned forward and entered the room, the scene of
her first punishment.  Only a few lights were on but there was sufficient light
to see that there was another girl already there.  Karen saw that the girl was
totally naked and was sitting astride the horse, the wooden horse, with which
she had become so familiar in her marriage.  As she looked closely she could see
that she was about her age, and size with short black hair, and like herself,
smoothly shaven.  She was bare footed and stood on tip toe to keep her weight
from pressing her sex, her tender clitoris, onto the padded, rounded top of the
bar.  Karen grimaced, she knew only too well how this position must be hurting
the unfortunate girl.

'You see this poor slave, my dear', Greta spoke quite harshly, 'she disobeyed me
and she is to be punished.  Look closely at her predicament, because you will be
suffering soon yourself!'

Karen was led up to the girl who had her hands strapped behind her back. She was
not gagged but, clearly, she did not dare speak without permission.  Greta
walked round to the other side of the girl and pinched her nipples, which, Karen
noted, were quite full, not unlike her own.  The girl winced but made no sound,
no movement at all, just standing on her tip toes the while.  Karen thought the
girl would have been glad to be wearing her own spike heels to help ease the
strain, but did not dare suggest anything in case it caused her to suffer later.

Greta moved her hand and insinuated her fingers between the padded top and the
tender flesh of the girl, obviously pushing and rubbing the sensitive bud.  She
wriggled slightly and Greta was pleased at her reaction.  'You see, my dear,
this slut wants to cum but she knows that it is forbidden in this house for any
slave to cum without my permission.  If she fails me, she knows she will be bent
over and thrashed with a cane, a fearsome thing indeed!'

Karen shuddered, she was no stranger to gentle, (well, relatively gentle!)
floggings with thonged whips and leather paddles but she had only tasted the
cane once and the memory still scarred her mind.

Greta removed her probing fingers and gestured towards a small black box at one
end of the horse.  'Watch, my dear, when I switch this on.', she flicked the
switch and a low humming sound echoed round the dungeon.  'You see, this bar is
contains a  vibrator, and every movement is felt by the lucky girl who sits upon
it!'

Karen understood so well, if the victim stood on tiptoe the vibrations were less
intense but were still felt on the tender flesh, but if the victim's weight were
fully on the bar the vibrations would be intense and the stimulation to the
clitoris would be so intense, so pleasurable but almost intolerable.  She
thought that if it were her she would cum within minutes.

While Greta was speaking, almost unnoticed, Karl had entered the room, with
Andy, now blindfolded, on his lead behind him.  Greta continued her explanation.

'This girl is going to remain on the horse with the vibrations continuing while
you perform your duties.  She is forbidden to cum until you have managed to
please the Master with your mouth.'

At this the girl moaned quietly, as if she knew the coming ordeal would be
unbearable.

'When the Master is fully satisfied, when he is fully drained, then and only
then will she be allowed to cum.  Do you understand?' Karen nodded, wondering
just how difficult it would be to please the Master; surely he would be worn,
drained even, from the exertions of the previous evening and would have little
stamina.

'Come, slut Lisa has to be placed in the proper punishment position and you will
perform the work for me!'

Karen approached the girl.  As she got near she saw that Lisa was pleading with
her eyes as if to say, make it quick, spare me punishment.

Greta instructed Karen.  'Strap her ankles and clip them to the bar along the
bottom of the horse, her feet must not touch the ground.'

As she spoke she switched the vibrator off and passed a pair of broad leather
ankle straps to Karen.  Karen knelt down and fixed one tightly around Lisa's
right ankle, and then held her naked foot while she clipped the strap to a
convenient D-ring.  She lingered briefly, savoring the feel of the smooth bare
foot, wondering if she would have the pleasure of licking it at some time soon. 
She moved to the other side of the unfortunate Lisa and strapped her other bare
foot clear of the floor.  Now Lisa was sat firmly on the bar, her bare feet, her
aching bare toes, off the ground so that there was no way for her to relieve the
pressure on her clitoris.

With the preparations complete Karl moved over to the long couch and removed his
clothes.  His cock was already semi-erect and even in the dim light it looked
quite massive to Karen.  He called her over and gave her her instructions.

'You will use only your mouth to make me cum, slut Karen, you may use a thumb
and forefinger if you wish to hold my cock, but all of the stimulation will be
with your lips, your tongue, and even your throat if I wish it.'

Karen wondered how she could cope with his cock, so much thicker than she had
seen before.

Andy could not see the scene, being still blindfolded, but he could hear the
instructions and he was clearly aroused at the thought of Karen sucking the
Master's cock, the cock he himself had drained only a few hours earlier. His
cock jerked and rose imperceptibly.

'When you start, the vibrator will start and slut Lisa will begin her
punishment.  She will not cum until you have satisfied me, if she fails she will
be caned and you will take her place on the horse.  Mind you, slut Karen, you
will ride the horse soon anyway to please your Mistress!'

Karen did not see, but Greta grinned wickedly, already planning a special ordeal
for Karen, and Lisa too.  Something special that would undoubtedly appeal to her
husband.

'Remember this, slut, you will please me as best you can, and if you need any
assistance I'm sure slut Lisa will be only too willing to advise you.'

Lisa looked a little relieved, at least, she thought, if she could encourage
Karen, instruct her even, in pleasing the Master, perhaps her ordeal would be
shorter, perhaps she would be allowed to cum before she was overcome by the
unrelenting stimulation of the vibrating pole she was riding.  Already she was
feeling the pressure on her soft flesh and her clit was feeling a little sore in
anticipation of the ordeal to come.

'Begin, slut Karen', Karl ordered, as his wife switched on the vibrator under
Lisa.

Karen moved over to her Master and tentatively felt his cock with the tips if
her fingers.  She felt it begin to pulsate and thicken as she bent over and
flicked her tongue over the smooth, round head.  As she probed the slit with her
tongue the cock hardened and grew.

'For god's sake, suck his cock!', pleaded Lisa, already being aroused with the
vibrations, 'lick and suck it please!'

Karen opened her mouth wide and pushed her lips over the swollen head.  It was
so thick, so firm, that she feared that she would never be able to take it, but
she tried as Lisa encouraged her.

'Go on, suck it, push it in your mouth please, please...please.'

Karen made an effort and holding the cock upright with her fingers she got the
massive head into her mouth, where she began to twirl her tongue around it. She
could hear the Master gasp as she gently sucked on it and rubbed her tongue
around the rim.

'Suck it hard, really hard', pleaded Lisa, 'lick his shaft, keep on and don't
stop!'

Karen, who was herself becoming aroused by the undeniable pleasure in sucking
such a superb cock, was only too willing to oblige.  She pulled the cock out of
her mouth and began licking the length of the shaft, from base to tip, using the
pressure of her tongue to inflame the desire of the Master.  She held the cock
firmly and began licking around the rim, gently at first and then with
increasing vigor, before she pushed her lips over the head again.  A little
tremor went through her as she felt the cock jerk slightly and there was the
familiar sweet taste of  pre-cum in her mouth.  She kept on sucking and
tonguing, feeling that the master must cum very soon.

'For gods sake Karen, fuck his cock with your mouth now, fuck it and suck it
harder, he must cum soon I know it!' Lisa was getting desperate, 'Suck him and
swallow his cum please I beg you'.

In the shadows Greta smiled.  To hear one slave begging another was such sweet
music to her ears, she loved using slaves like this, forcing them to use each
other to satisfy themselves.

Karen was herself getting aroused to the point of feeling desperate to cum, but
she knew that was a pleasure she would have to wait for, beg for, even.  She
continued sucking and tonguing and began nodding her head up and down the
swollen shaft, feeling the head touching the back of her throat.  She thought
she might begin to gag, but she remembered the long sessions with her husband
and the knack she had developed to take all he could thrust into her mouth.

'Go on, go on, fuck him, fuck him, pleeeeease', screamed Lisa, so near her own
uncontrollable orgasm.

Suddenly Karen felt the familiar jerking in the cock, felt the first spurts of
cum deep in her throat.  She pulled her head back so that just the head was in
her mouth.  She continued to suck and tongue the swollen glans as the thick,
sweet, creamy cum spurted almost uncontrollably into her eager mouth.  Somehow
she managed to swallow the sweet offering even as she continued to stimulate the
softening cock.

'Aaaaargh, yes yes yesssssssss', the Master shouted, 'yes yes........oh god !'.

There was no doubt in the minds of those watching that the Master had cum and
had cum massively.  Karen gently lapped the remaining juices from the deflating
cock and let it fall slowly from her cum sweetened lips.

Lisa was still in thrall to the unending vibrations, as she pleaded 'Mistress,
please let me cum now, please'.

Greta stood and stared at the sweating girl, her nipples swollen with her lust,
the smell of her sweet juices heavy in the air and indeed, the obvious stain of
those juices running over and around the padded bar that tormented her.

'Please, begging, begging, please, please Mistress' wailed Lisa.

Greta came closer to enjoy the sight of the naked girl in her spasms and calmly
uttered 'You may cum now slut Lisa!'

'Thank you Mistress', gasped Lisa, 'I'm cumming, I'm cumming cummmmmmmmmmming oh
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh yes ohmigod yes yes yessssssss!'  Lisa was
almost incoherent with her pleasure as massive shudders racked her body while
her orgasm swept through her.

'Release the slut, Karen, and comfort her', called Greta as she moved over to
the couch beside her sated husband.

Karen walked over to the horse and unclipped each bound ankle from the horse,
finding the chance to hold, to caress even, Lisa's smooth bare feet.  She helped
Lisa off the horse and held her in her arms as she continued shaking from her
prolonged stimulation.

Lisa wrapped her arms around Karen as their lips sought each other.

'Stop that, you will both please me that way when I wish it but not at this
moment!', Greta almost shouted, 'stand together and put your arms around each
other, rub your tits together if you must, but nothing else!'

The two girls obeyed, finding the nipple on tit, nipple on nipple, stimulation
secretly very pleasurable.  Karen, who herself always enjoyed the feelings in
her sensitive nipples pushed and rubbed harder, and Lisa responded.  Karen
thought that she would enjoy being with Lisa very much, very much indeed.

'Stand there and listen.' Greta ordered Andy over to the couch. 'You will now
pleasure me with your tongue, and only your tongue. To make sure you concentrate
I shall use my crop on your backside.  Be warned,!  If you displease me the
sting will be enough to bring tears to your eyes.'

Andy nodded, the thought of being allowed to savor the sweet juices of his
Mistress, combined with the thought of perhaps being beaten had made his tightly
strapped cock begin to harden into fullness.

'And, in case you have forgotten', Greta continued, 'you made yourself cum last
night, watching slut Karen being fucked by the Master. You will be punished for
that later, after you have served me!'

Karen was shocked.  She hadn't realised that her frenzied coupling had been
observed, even remotely, by Andy, but she accepted that he would be aroused by
the spectacle and she knew that he, like her, frequently masturbated.  She
looked across as his erection grew and again made a mental comparison between
her lovers cock and the firm thick member of her new Master.  She wondered when
she would have a chance to welcome that familiar cock deep into her welcoming
body, but as she thought, she also realised that by accepting slavery and
servitude to her new owners any pleasures she would get could only be those
chosen for her.  She had already seen how Lisa had behaved in holding off her
orgasm while the Master was being sucked, and she wondered if she would ever be
able to control herself that way.

Lisa and Karen looked across the dungeon to the couch where their Mistress had
laid back with her skirt pulled high, exposing her full fleshy lips and
protruding clitoris, a sight that Andy, still blindfolded, would not share on
this occasion.

As they watched he walked towards her, his erection bobbing with each step,
until he knelt down and pushed his face into the wet warm crotch of his Mistress
and began to lap gently.  As he did so his mind was a mass of confusion, he
dearly wanted to lick and savor those sweet juices, he wanted to nip and suck on
that swollen bud, knowing that only in that way could he hope to give his
Mistress the cum she demanded.  On the other hand he knew that he liked, craved,
a position of total humiliation before his Mistress, where every error on his
part would give him the beating he knew he wanted, he needed, and was desperate
to receive.  Perhaps, if he was careful he could have the best of both choices,
the sweet juices around the swollen clit and the cropping as well.

A voice broke into his thoughts.

'Slave Andy, you will lick me until I have been totally satisfied, you will
please me completely.' Greta ordered, 'But, a word of warning!  I see that your
miserable cock is standing proud, but it will not spout your seed, and you will
not touch it however much you may desire that pleasure.'  She paused and
observed the sight before her, the smooth naked body, the erect and shaven cock. 
'If you please me properly I may allow you, no I may order you, to masturbate
while one of my sluts whips your ass!'

Andy gasped, the thought of combining his favorite pleasure with his wildest
dream raced through his mind.  But, the question of if, or when, it would happen
could only be resolved after he had satisfied his Mistress.





End of part 7


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 8 - Pleasing Mistress


As he pressed his face to Greta's soaking wet cunt, Andy wondered just how she
would taste.  He longed to push his tongue deep inside her.  He knew that he
could make her feel so good, if he made her wait for her pleasure.  Just how
long he could risk making her wait he didn't know.  With Karen he would tease
her relentlessly before finally placing his tongue on her; this enhanced rather
than decreased her pleasure, but would the Greta wait for this?

He was about to lean forward and start, when he heard Karl behind him.

'Hands behind your back slave, you will not pleasure yourself!'

Andy obeyed and felt cold metal cuffs snap into place, restraining him.  He
would now have to make sure he did not lose his balance and fall.  He could not
help feeling that his task was being made difficult for him, to ensure that he
would fail in some way, and his cock twitched at the thought of the punishment
almost certainly already planned for him.

He leaned forwards and placed his tongue gently on his Mistress' mound, flicking
it over her smoothness.  He slid his tongue across her to the taut, soft skin at
the top of her thigh.  Greta sighed with pleasure, encouraging him to continue. 
He slid his tongue back to the top of her crease, feeling her raise her hips to
him, urging him to her.  Suddenly he felt her hand on his head, and felt it
trying to move his head, his probing tongue, to her engorged, moist lips, but he
resisted.  A searing pain shot through his ass, as the crop landed with it's
first blow.

'How dare you resist me, slave?' Greta cursed him.  'Remember that I own you
now!'

Andy gulped as once again his new status was confirmed.

'Now, continue with your task!'

Knowing that he had sinned, feeling the stinging reminder on his cheeks, Andy
placed his tongue at the top of her slit, and ran it down across her rigid
clitoris, towards her hot tunnel.  As he reached his goal he felt its protecting
inner lips parting to his touch.  He flicked his tongue across, darting it
inside briefly, before running it back up to her swollen nubbin.
This time he concentrated his efforts on the sensitive flesh, flicking it with
his probing tongue, before sucking it into his mouth.

Greta urged herself against him, beginning to react against his tongue.

'Harder, faster, my slave, keep going....',  Greta could barely speak.

He heard her moan with delight.  Daring to release the engorged organ, he pulled
away slightly and gently nipped it with his teeth.

The crop rained down with one, two, three, four blows.

'Worthless slave, you have much to learn, but you, never, never cause me pain!
Greta hurled her curses at him.  ' If I want pain I shall ask for it, you may be
sure.'

Andy returned to his task and buried his tongue deep in the wet warm and
engorged slit, alternately flicking the clit, and thrusting his tongue into the
welcoming hole.  Finally he remained thrusting his rigid tongue eagerly in and
out of the wetness.

Greta began to convulse with pleasure as Andy continued his assault.  As the
convulsing increased he withdrew his tongue and flicked yet again at the
clitoris, fully exposed from its shroud, and sucked as hard as he could.

'Oh yes, yes, yes, don't, don't stop' she stuttered, as he continued the
suction.  Finally she screamed out loud, and Andy knew that she had finally cum.

Still he continued to flick and suck her clit with his tongue, sending her to
her final crescendo of pleasure.

'Aaaaaaah  Ooooohhhhhhhhh  Yessssssssss yesssssssss yessss!!!!' Greta screamed. 
In her ecstasy she pushed Andy over so that he fell onto his manacled hands,
lying helpless before her.  He heard her continuing moans and was aware that
even now Greta was strumming her own clit with frantic fingers.  Hoping that he
had not failed in his task he became aware of the sweet salty taste of her on
his lips, aware of his own throbbing erection.

Finally the moans subsided, and Greta's heavy breathing eased.

Karen, who had been watching transfixed, kneeling beside Lisa, marvelled at how
strongly Greta had cum.  Feeling an increased dampness between her legs, Karen
wondered when she would next receive such oral pleasures.  As she watched, Greta
stood, smoothed  her dress, and walked over to Andy, who remained laying on his
back.

'Get up slave!' Greta ordered, 'Stand before me.

Andy struggled to his feet, not a simple task with his hands cuffed behind his
back.

'You have pleased me with your tongue.  Better, even, than your Master has
done.'  With this she placed a hand behind his neck and kissed him softly and
gently, flickering her tongue out and running them round his lips.  Karen could
see that Andy was resisting the temptation to respond, and was pleased to see
that he was starting to learn about this lifestyle.

'You may kiss me back Andy.' Greta moved slightly.

With this Andy thrust his tongue out to her kissing like two teenagers on their
first date.

Andy felt Greta move her hand to his chest and lay her hand flat on it.  Andy
enjoyed the contact and relaxed a little.  Suddenly Greta took his nipple
between thumb and forefinger and twisted hard.  Andy was dragged back to reality
by the sharp intense pain, gasping out loud.  As she released him he felt the
pain throb and slowly subside.

'An important lesson, slave, always expect the unexpected.' Greta smiled,  'Now
kneel before me, and await your punishment for your misdemeanour last night.'

Andy, who had almost forgotten his error, his forbidden masturbation, did as she
commanded, the short, sharp, shock of the pain in his nipple, serving as a
reminder to him.

Karen watched this with fascination, knowing the feeling of that intense
pleasure pain to the nipples, something she had experienced many times before.
What was in store for her now she wondered.  She did not have to wonder for
long, as Karl spoke to her.

'Stand please, slave Karen, your next lesson is about to begin.  Lisa has
undergone this, and will assist me in it's progress.'

As he spoke Karen got to her feet.

'Follow me my dear, come and see what I have planned.'

Karen followed a few feet behind Karl, until he stopped before a free standing
frame made of two wooden spars.  They were formed into an X-shape, with leather
cuffs and chains attached to each of the four ends.  Completing the apparatus
there was also what appeared to be a shorter, narrower bar that jutted directly
upwards from the mid-point of the X.  Karen assumed, rightly, that this was to
support her head, preventing any movement at all, if and when her Mistress
desired to restrain her even more fully..

Karen shivered at the thought of what was to come next, she had experienced
being tied to a wall by her husband, but had never used anything quite like this
before.  Something that allowed access from all sides, and allowed a Master or
Mistress to walk all around it.

'Karen, I think you can see how this works! Stand in position before it.  Lisa,
come here girl.  Quickly!!'

Lisa almost ran across from where she had been left kneeling, her bare feet
pattering on the floor as she did.

'Good, now remove her shoes and strap her to the frame. Don't take too long
about it, otherwise  you will be punished instead, understand?'

'Yes Master.'  Lisa knelt at Karen's feet and unbuckled the spike heeled sandals
that she had been given to wear a few short hours ago.  As she slid the left one
off, Karen felt Lisa's hand caress her bare foot for a brief moment.
She felt a tingle as she felt the touch.  She felt herself moisten at the
thought of Lisa  kneeling, her lips touching her feet, and she hoped desperately
that one day, one day soon, she would be able to experience it.
Her other shoe was slipped off, again with just the slightest caress from Lisa,
and then she stood before Karen, and allowed herself to smile, as they stood
face to face.

'Get on with it girl,' bellowed Karl 'what is wrong with you today?  You want
another ride on the horse?'

'Sorry, Master, no Master' came the none too convincing reply.

Lisa took Karen's right hand and held it up against the spar, strapping the
leather cuff round her  wrist, holding it tight to the bar.  She repeated the
process with the left arm.  When that one, too, was shackled in place, Karen's
breasts were stretched a little, her nipples pointing directly outwards.

Lisa dropped to her knees once more, and shackled first Karen's right foot, and
then her left, to the spar.  Standing, she finally took a step back to look at
her handiwork.  Satisfied she turned towards the Karl and bowed her head,

'Good, now come here Lisa, and take this.'

Karen couldn't see what Karl held in his hand, and took the time to flex her
muscles a little, and try to get herself more comfortable; she had a feeling
that she would be constrained for some time  Her eyes focused back on  Karl and
Lisa, and she was horrified to see that Lisa held a ball gag in her hands, and
was walking towards her with it.  Lisa moved round behind Karen and strapped the
gag in place, easing the ball into Karen's mouth.  As she stood behind her she
whispered, carefully, quietly, in Karen's ear.

'I'm sorry, I like you a lot, I hope we can get to play soon.'

Karen smiled inwardly at this, and vowed to make it happen if at all possible.

'Are you whispering again?' Karl shouted at Lisa.

'N-n-no Master.'

'Get here now.' Karl relaxed,  'On your knees and head to the floor.'

Lisa ran across to kneel before him, and placed her forehead on the floor as he
had commanded, her ass sticking in the air.

'Lisa will you never learn?' Karl was clearly angry.  'Not only do you whisper,
which you know is not allowed, but then you make it worse by lying about it.
Well, what have you got to say??'

'I am deeply ashamed Master, forgive me please.'

Karl walked away and returned with a plain straight backed chair which he sat
on, and made himself comfortable.  In his hand Karen could see that he held a
broad leather paddle, and she shuddered at the thought of what Lisa was to
suffer.

'Now come lie across my lap, as you have been shown before.'

Without a word Lisa did as she was told, lying face down across his lap, taking
hold of the legs of the chair with each of her hands, and hooking her ankles
round the legs on the other side.

'Before I start your punishment, I want to tell you that I was going to let you
join in with Karen's lesson.  I was going to let you do the things I know you
want to do to her.'  Karl sadly shook his head, 'But you have broken the rules
again.  So once I have finished your punishment, you will go and stand in the
corner, where you will be able to hear what happens to Karen, but not see it, or
experience it. Do you understand?'

'Yes Master, I am sorry Master.'  Lisa's voice  was tinged with fear.

'Now, are you ready for your punishment?'

'Yes Master.'

'As usual I want you to count the blows, and show some gratitude for each one,'
Karl raised his voice, ' understand me girl?'

'Y-y-yes Master' came the tearful reply.

Karl raised the paddle to own shoulder height, and it hovered there for what
seemed to Lisa like an eternity before it descended onto the smooth round bare
cheeks. 

'One, thank you Master!' Lisa shrieked.

As he raised the paddle again, Karen could see the redness it had left behind.
Again it came down on Lisa.

'Two, thank you Master!'

Karen looked across to where Andy was kneeling.  She could see that he was fully
erect, and knew that despite the blindfold, his imagination must be running wild
at the thought of what Lisa was suffering.  Greta was stood by his side, her
hand resting on the top of his head.  Her attention was drawn back to Lisa, who
was still receiving her punishment from the Karl.

'Fifteen, thank you Master!' she yelped tearfully.

Karen could see that her cheeks were red, very red indeed, and imagined the
warmth that Lisa must be feeling there now.  To her surprise she felt a trickle
of juice run down the inside of her naked thigh, and realised just what an
effect this whole scene was having on her.  She longed for further release, and
the aching, the yearning, in her cunt was building again.   Karen looked across
at Andy again and realised that he  had seemed to have a permanent erection for
the whole time they had been in the cellar.  She hoped for his sake that he
would be relieved soon, and not by his own hand either, for that would bring him
further punishment.

Her thoughts were disturbed by a scream from Lisa.

'Twenty, thank you Master!'

Karen doubted that she could take more than five blows from the paddle, let
alone twenty, and she hoped it would be over for Lisa soon.  Despite her
concern, she guessed that Lisa, like her and Andy, had been given a safe word.
Clearly, Lisa had yet to reach her limit.

As she watched Karl laid down the paddle, and caressed Lisa's scarlet cheeks,
soothing them, feeling their warmth.  He continued for a while, Lisa sobbing as
he did so, until finally he ordered her to move.

'Go to your corner, you slut!

Karen watched as Lisa walked to the corner, and stood facing the wall, hands by
her sides.  She turned her eyes back at the sound of approaching footsteps, and
saw Karl standing before her.

'Now my dear we can start with your lesson, I am only sorry that Lisa saw fit to
misbehave,, he smiled evilly, 'I'm sure you would have loved her to join me in
training you!'




End of part 8


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 9 - Training Begins


Karen had watched, fascinated, as Karl paddled Lisa, making her ass redder  and
redder.  She could see that far from being punished, Lisa was actually enjoying
the pain; Karen understood herself that the sharp slaps from a leather strap
were in fact quite stimulating after the initial few blows.  She saw, as Karl
had seen, that Lisa's arousal was indeed making her sweet juices flow copiously. 
Karen could only watch and envy her that special pleasure, an orgasmic release
without any direct contact on the most sensitive parts.

As Lisa was released from the warm embrace of her Master, Karen could tell, by
the way she was walking, that she still needed further pleasure.  As she stood
facing the wall she saw the almost imperceptible clenching and unclenching of
Lisa's rounded thighs.  It was quite dim in that corner and even had he looked
it was unlikely the Karl would have noticed those subtle movements.  Karen
understood them only too well, she had had many pleasurable times discreetly
flexing her muscles and stimulating her own swollen clitoris, even in quite
public places, standing or sitting, when even the passers-by would be hard
pressed to know that they were within touching distance of a girl in an aroused
pre-orgasmic spasm.  Karen recalled one special occasion when, eating at a
fashionable restaurant, with some friends, she had felt the urge upon her.  She
had spent some several minutes gently squirming on her chair and flexing her
thigh muscles and, although almost in control, had involuntarily uttered a
slight gasp which was commented upon by an adjacent waiter.  He enquired if
'...Madam was feeling unwell?' to which she could only shake her head, but, with
the magic of the moment almost spent she had hurriedly left the table and
visited the powder room where, without even entering a cubicle she had
masturbated frantically until the inevitable release came to her.  She
remembered standing, leaning rather, against the wall, looking at her flushed
face in the mirrored wall as she licked her wet fingers, and then, hearing the
outer door opening, having just time to straighten herself up and pretend to be
adjusting her makeup.  Her sweet reverie was suddenly interrupted by the voice
of Greta behind her.

'Now pay attention my sweet little slut,' Greta whispered softly into her ear,
'you are going to learn to control your urge to cum until I give you
permission!'

Karen felt a thrill of anticipation, of fear almost, rush through her. She knew
too well that when she got to a certain point she could never stop herself,
although she had tried many times in the privacy of her own bed to bring herself
almost, but not quite, to orgasm.  Even with her girl friends, particularly her
current one, (who was unknown to Andy), she tried to avoid cumming but it always
took the expertise of another to control her desperate search for release, and
even then it did not seem to take too long before she felt the familiar
pounding, the racing pulse, the incredible feeling of pleasure.

'This may take us some time, my dear, several days, and nights too, perhaps,
before you master your urges, but we shall succeed, never fear!'

Karen wondered, her eyes rolled and she tried to speak into the gag, but only
succeeded in making incomprehensible grunts.

Across the room, the dungeon, Andy was still standing, naked and blindfolded,
his cock even now semi-erect.  Plucking up his courage he ventured to speak.

'Mistress, Master, may I ask a question please?'

He was quite proud of his daring even though fearing the worst.  Karl, who had
been sat near him, was still in a pleasant after-cum mood and he allowed himself
to answer.

'Yes, slave, one question is permitted, and only one.'

'Thank you Master.' murmured Andy, keeping his voice low and submissive to show
that he knew his proper place in this house, 'how long will we remain as your
guests here before we return to our work?  We have only a few days left before
we must report back.'

Karl smiled grimly behind Andy's back, a smile that Karen could not see.

'Never fear my slave, I have arranged matters so that you and your slut woman
can spend as much time here as it pleases me!'

'But, but...', started Andy.

'Silence, slave, I can do what I like with you both, I own you both now, do you
understand, OWN you!  You both work for one of my companies and the Manager
there will do exactly as I tell him.  As far as he is concerned you are both on
an extended, fully paid, leave of absence.  So, you see, you are ours, all
ours.'

'Yes, all ours, all mine!' Across the room Greta smiled happily. 'And you may
even see your superior in a different light one day soon, both he and his wife
also serve us when we wish it!'

Andy listened to these comments and his heart sank, he knew that nobody was
aware of where he and Karen had gone, he had no family or even any close
friends, and Karen's family lived thousands of miles away.  They were truly at
the mercy of this couple, their playthings for whatever and whenever it took
their fancy.

Greta walked around Karen, stroking her fingers lightly across her naked flesh. 
Karen shivered slightly, a shiver of anticipation rather than fear.  The fingers
lingered along the sensitive flesh at the base of her heavy breasts, flesh that
would normally have been covered by the drooping of her breasts.
Greta stroked gently and began to talk to Karen.

'Yes my dear, what heavy tits you have, what heavy sagging tits indeed!  No firm
pert shape like a sweet young girl!  You must have had many hours of pleasure
playing with these sweet globes', she cupped one and rubbed it and teased it
gently, 'to make them hang so low.'

Karen felt the familiar pleasures of stimulation; she had to admit to herself
that Greta was right, she did love playing with herself, she loved making her
own private kind of love to her sweet heavy tits, stroking and cupping and
lifting them.  Damn Greta for reaching into her deepest secrets.

'Yes, you love those drooping tits don't you?'  Karen nodded, 'and I wager you
love your nipples even more!'

Karen had to nod again, as she felt those now-familiar fingers begin to tease
and pull her rapidly hardening teats.  Damn the woman again!  She knew so much,
but even she could not truly know the incredible pleasures that she got almost
every night in bed when, after a session of tit stroking, she would lift them
up, and present them in turn to her eager waiting lips, where she could lick and
suck them to her hearts content.  Not even the Greta herself could possibly
imagine how Karen enjoyed this special pleasure, how she could even cum if she
was in the right receptive mood.  And to think some of her friends had talked
about 'vaginal orgasms', 'clitoral orgasms' and the like.  She considered
herself so very lucky to be able to experience so many varied orgasmic pleasures
and she hoped dearly that she could keep some of those secrets even here in this
place of pain and pleasure.

Greta continued to fondle Karen with one hand as the other hand wandered between
her legs, feeling the moistness, no, the wetness, the flooding, within.

'Hmmm, you are so wet, my dear, shall I make you cum now?'

Karen opened her eyes wide and pleaded, grunting into her gag, desperate to cum. 
The intense pleasure of being bound totally naked and exposed on the saltire had
aroused her almost beyond endurance.  'God', she thought, 'this is so good, so
exciting!  I know I need it and it's been so long'.  So long indeed, she had not
experienced many serious bondage pleasures since her marriage other than the
scenes she and her girl friend enacted regularly at their flat before she moved
in with Andy. Greta slowly stroked the swelling, hardening clitoris as Karen
felt the familiar pounding begin. She was getting so near, so very very near. 
Suddenly the probing fingers stopped.  Karen almost sobbed, so near, so
desperate, but there was to be no relief. 

Greta looked at her husband.  'May I use the slut for a time over here, my
dear?'

Karl nodded his approval.

'Lisa', Greta called, 'come over here and begin to work on your new little
slave!'

Lisa walked unsteadily over, her ass still glowing from the attentions of Karl ;
her own swollen love flesh still not fully satisfied.  She felt lucky, she had
not expected to be allowed to perform after she had offended the Master.
However, she knew, that in this house, the word of Greta was paramount, her
husband always deferred to her.

'You will make love to this slut, she will be your slave for a time.  Do
whatever you wish to her, but do not allow her to cum.  Bring her to the very
edge of desperation but do not, do NOT, let her cum, until I order it.'

Lisa nodded and murmured her thanks to her Mistress.  She stood before Karen's
naked form, her every intimate part fully exposed, from the tips of her sweet
bare toes to the top of her head, her only covering the wide leather straps
around her ankles and wrists and the strap holding the ball gag in her mouth.

'Before you begin, slut Lisa', Karl intervened, 'you should change her gag for
one of those cock gags you like yourself so much.'

Lisa nodded, she understood.  She was used to being gagged, it was indeed a
pleasure for her to feel subservient and humbled like that.  Given the choice
she enjoyed the cock gag, of whatever size she was given, more than any other,
more, even, than the ring gag that Karl liked to use on her when he was in a
particularly dominating mood.  She walked over to Karen, looking directly into
her eyes, trying to express her desire without speaking.  She undid the strap
holding the ball gag and removed it; placing it on a nearby bench she picked up
a medium sized cock gag, medium in length, if not in girth.  Apart from its
squatness, it was shaped exactly like an fully erect, swollen headed cock, even
having a hole through it, in this case for air, rather than the liquid treasures
a true cock could yield.  She inserted it deep into Karen's waiting, eager,
mouth and strapped it firmly in position.

Lisa stepped closer to Karen and began to trace her fingers over her swelling
nipples, pinching and pulling them in turn until they grew red and swollen yet
again.  Once they were hard enough she bent and nipped one between her teeth and
gently tugged on it, making Karen first wince and then gasp through the gag with
obvious pleasure.  As Lisa continued the treatment alternating between each tit
Karen began to wriggle in her bonds, moving her ankles and wrists slightly.

Greta saw her struggles with a particular pleasure, there was nothing she liked
more than to see naked girls in some form of bondage working on each other and
any struggles only made the scene more intensely satisfying for her. 

'Pull those straps much tighter, slut Lisa, stop her moving now!'

Lisa moved quickly, pulling the wrist straps as tight as she could, a sensation
that was not unpleasant for Karen.  Then she bent down, her own tits swinging
and hanging down as she adjusted the ankle straps.  This time it was Lisa who
had the chance to touch those sensitive bare feet and she spent more time
stroking each bare foot, stroking between each bare toe before she bent right
down and began to suck each big toe in turn.  Lisa was by now an accomplished
expert in sucking cock, and this change of target was nothing new for her, in
fact in many ways she enjoyed foot worship even more, if that were possible.
As she made love to Karen's bare feet, Karen herself was beginning to breathe
more heavily, the erotic pleasures below her having their desired effect.  In an
attempt to get some pleasure, some relief, she began so suck long and hard on
the cock gag, imagining it to be a solid hard cock ready to penetrate her.
Inevitably she tried to obtain some small relief by sucking hard on her gag,

Lisa had sensed an impending orgasm and knew she should try and keep her naked
and willing victim on the edge of release, so she stopped laving the bare feet
and soles and moved her attentions towards the soft inner thighs, sensing the
sweet muskiness of Karen's excitement.  As Karen began to tremble and tense,
Lisa stopped her ministrations and paused, just blowing gently across the red
swollen clit in front of her, teasing and tormenting Karen without helping her
release.

Greta leaned forward and nodded approvingly, 'Good slave, good slave, keep it
up, make her suffer!'

Lisa loved being praised by her Mistress and continued the sweet torment, but
her unfamiliarity with Karens reactions caused her to almost misjudge her work
and let her cum.  Just in time she sensed the danger and stood up abruptly,
causing Karen to moan in desperation.

Changing her methods, Lisa began to play with Karen's right tit, lifting and
pulling it, squeezing it and rubbing it, giving Karen yet more stimulation.
Finally, she held Karen's head and pulled it forward and down a little, and then
she began lifting the full, heavy tit towards her gagged mouth.  Lisa started
gently rubbing the swollen nipple across the strap holding the gag in Karen's
drooling mouth.  The stimulation of a warm erect nipple rubbing on smooth soft
leather was too much for Karen to bear, she began sucking the cock in her mouth
more and more fiercely as Lisa tormented her nipple, making Karen wish for her
to treat her other tit equally.  Lisa, however, knew the sweet frustrations of
being partly tormented, of having one tit worked on to the point of orgasm while
leaving the other hanging and untouched, knowing that eventually the lightest
touch on the other tit, the other nipple, the other erect nipple, could easily
bring the victim, the lover, to a rapid orgasm.

But before she could experiment with Karen's feelings in this way it was too
late!  With a deep moan into the gag Karen shuddered and orgasmed, her sweet
juices running copiously down her outstretched and naked thighs.

'You stupid useless slut!', thundered Greta, 'I told you to keep her on the
edge, and not let her cum!'

Lisa moved away hanging her head in shame.

'Sorry, Mistress', she murmured, 'please forgive me, please, I beg!'

'Now you will both be punished!', Greta was quite beside herself, she had
secretly almost cum watching the naked pair and being frustrated like that was
not at all satisfying.  'You will both sit on the horse.'

Andy, meanwhile, was still standing patiently, blindfolded and naked, with his
cock in what had seemed a permanent semi-hard state. The sounds of the activity
across the room had been erotic enough but now that Greta had intervened it
seemed even more exciting to him and his cock began to arise once more to a full
and throbbing erection.

Karl had left his seat and helped release a naked and sweating Karen from her
bonds, before guiding her across the room to the horse, so recently used to
torment Lisa.

Greta brought Lisa across and the two naked girls stood facing each other,
looking into each others eyes and wishing they were in a soft warm bed together
pleasuring themselves endlessly.  It had already become obvious to Karl and
Greta that these two girls were ideally matched in temperament and taste and
they had already begun planning how they could use them in the future to
entertain their guests at one of their regular parties.  Parties was the polite
word, but in fact they were more like orgies.  The girls were unaware of these
thoughts of course, being more concerned with their immediate future.

'Mount, my sweet sluts, mount the horse now!', Greta commanded, 'but, before you
sit, push these deep into your wet cunts.'

She gave each girl a thick dildo, about 6 or 7 inches long, the main length
realistically embossed with thick veins and the head with a pronounced rim.  At
the base of each was a wide thick collar, smooth underneath, but covered with
small rubber nipples on the upper surface.  The surface that would rest against
their exposed clits!  Greta watched while they thrust and pushed until they were
fully inserted.  Lisa and Karen mounted opposite ends of the horse facing each
other, the sitting position making sure that the firm unyielding diodes were
pushed as deeply as possible into their deepest recess.  As they sat there, Karl
proceeded to strap their ankles clear of the ground, removing any possibility of
them relieving the pressure on their already wet and swollen clits and labia,
and of course keeping the dildo as deep as possible inside each girl.

Meanwhile, Greta was busy strapping each girls wrists behind their backs, so
that they were both  sat upright, fully erect and facing each other, their heavy
tits just moving and swaying lightly as they breathed heavily in anticipation of
the ordeal to come.

'Now, sluts, listen very carefully, very carefully!', Greta was in total charge
again, 'you will both sit there with the vibrator running at maximum speed, and
there will be a prize!'

The girls looked at her, puzzled.  Neither had realised at that point that each
dildo had its own vibrator within it.

'Yes, my dears, a prize for the winner, and a punishment for the loser.'

The girls looked at each other and wondered.

Karl was smiling, he knew what had been planned and was looking forward the
events in store for the victims.

'Yes, the slut who cums first will be the loser, and she will spend her next few
hours in the sling over there.' Greta pointed across the room where the device
hung ready.

Karen had some experience of this kind of device from her past experiences, but
this one seemed a little different.  As she looked across it became clear that
the victim, undoubtedly naked, would lie face downwards in it with her arms and
legs spread wide, with her tits hanging over the edge so that all of her body
was totally accessible for another person to pleasure, and leaving her tits
vulnerable to any torment the Master or Mistress wished.

'The winner will the slut who takes longest to cum.  And, because she will take
a long time to cum, she deserves a special prize,  The prize will be to be
fucked, in front of us all, by a nice thick hard cock, by a man who can, and
will, fuck you in each and any way he desires.'

Andy heard all of this and his cock throbbed in anticipation.  Surely this would
be his chance for some long awaited pleasure, but the next words chilled him.

'Yes, Karl and me, as well as slave Andy, will watch the winner being fucked by
my favorite slave, Ken, who is still in his cell along the corridor.'

Lisa knew what was in store for one of them.  Ken had been allowed to fuck her
on several occasions and she knew that he was remarkably well endowed, and very
long lasting indeed.  The last time he had fucked her, he had kept pounding into
her, cunt and mouth, in turns, in every position imaginable, for over an hour
before he finally shot floods of hot cum deep into her cunt.  She had been sore
for hours afterwards but she longed to repeat the experience; she was determined
to win this contest and let Karen suffer the sling.

With the girls strapped, bare feet clear of the floor, and hands behind their
backs, Karl and Greta made themselves comfortable.  Karl reached over and
removed the blindfold from Andy; he blinked his eyes in the unaccustomed light
and focused on the two naked girls across the room.  He looked at the familiar
curves of Karen, the smooth bare feet, the long shapely legs, the gently rounded
stomach, the heavy, almost pendulous, breasts and heavy nipples and felt an urge
to fuck her now, to fuck her hard.  Then he shifted his gaze to Lisa, her figure
quite similar to Karen's, her tits perhaps a little firmer, her nipples several
shades lighter but still as large as Karen's.  He could see between each girls
shaven labia the end of the thick black dildoes glistening with their juices.

Then Greta switched the devices on.

Both girls shuddered and wriggled to get a little relief.  Neither wanted the
sling, both wanted cock, real cock, and they needed it desperately after the
arousing time they had spent.  As the stimulation built up the girls bodies both
began to shake, the tits of both of them swaying and bouncing as they reached
greater pleasures.  Andy could see the juices running from them and down the
leather covered bar, and equally he could see that both girls had nipples that
were growing apace, thicker and more swollen as they felt the arousal caused by
the vibrations across their tender clits.  As the torment went on Karen began to
gasp and moan, Greta having decided that the gags were not needed again.  After
all, what greater pleasure was there than the sound of a girl deep, into her
orgasm, moaning and gasping, shouting even, as the pleasure of the cum overtook
her.

Lisa, meanwhile, managed to control herself better, but she was biting her lip
to suppress the cum she felt getting nearer and nearer.  Karen was moaning and
gasping, as, finally Lisa, aroused intensely, began to give voice to her own
feelings.  Both girls were being stimulated by the vibrator, but the sight of
each other, so close but untouchable, was also having its effect.  Karen had her
eyes fixed firmly on Lisa's swollen nipples and swaying tits, wishing she could
play with them, while Lisa was equally entranced with the rich dark brown
nipples in front of her.  She had never seen nipples quite like Karen's before,
the size and color were different; the nipples thicker and the areole a dark
brown, which she found intensely exciting.

Andy, from his position across the room, was aware that his erection was
throbbing and he was sure that pre-cum had begun to ooze from the bare head of
his cock.  The sounds of two almost orgasmic girls was sending signals to his
brain that he was unable to obey.

Suddenly with a whimpering scream, Lisa gave vent to a long cry,
'Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, ooohhhhhhhhhhhh goddddddddddd, yeeeeeessssssssssss!', as
she shuddered in an uncontrollable orgasmic spasm.

Karen still held out, but the end was near for her too, as suddenly,
'Cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmminnnnnnnnnnnnnnggggg cummmmmmmmmminnng  cummm!', escaped from
her wet open lips.

Greta, clearly quite excited herself, stared across, as the girls looked and
pleaded for the vibrations to stop, and ignored them.  With the continuing
stimulation both girls entered another spasm, almost simultaneously moaning and
gasping and screaming their pleasure to anyone who cared to listen.

Finally Greta took pity on them both and turned the fiendish device off, letting
the girls slowly recover their composure.  Andy, excited almost beyond control,
felt that he had just managed to avoid cumming himself, another few seconds and
he knew he would have spurted uncontrollably.

Greta got up, walked across to the girls and called Andy over.  Walking with
difficulty, and with his erection bobbing in front of him, he came to his
Mistress, who unfastened his cuffs.

'Unstrap them both and help them from their steed', commanded Greta, 'we will
award the prize and the punishment later!'

Andy took the chance to touch smooth, soft, sweet, naked female flesh as he
unstrapped the girls and, as if by chance, as he helped each  off the horse he
managed to brush both tits, both heavy pendulous tits, and nipples and allowed
his erection to brush fleetingly across the smooth rounded bare buttocks of each
girl. 

The girls stood side by side, arms around each others shoulders, awaiting orders
from their Mistress, while Andy padded back across to his place by the Master.

'Now, later, you, Lisa, will be placed in the sling and Karen will apply weights
to your nipples.'  Greta smiled broadly.  'There you will lie and watch Karen
being fucked by Ken, so near to you but untouchable.'  She intended Lisa to be
stretched wide in the hammock while Karen was fucked endlessly below, and, did
he but know it, she was going to order slave Andy to give Lisa a few fleshly
pleasures too, while she lay bound exposed and helpless!

Karl continued the instructions.

'But first, let us have some serious pleasure with our man-slave.  You girls can
watch as you see how we treat a mere male here,'

He looked across at Andy, and continued, 'and you my dear slave, are about to
learn the pleasures of serious bondage and pain!'

Andy was secretly thrilled and shocked in turn, his wildest dreams were, it
seemed, about to come true.

'You will be pleasured in ways you can yet hardly imagine, and then, and only
then, shall you join us in watching your slut girl friend getting fucked by a
magnificent cock.'

Andy knew then, that, whatever ordeal he was to face would be made bearable by
the thought of watching another man fuck Karen.  He still remembered the
uncontrollable  cum he had experienced when he had watched the session between
Karen and her captors on the television in his room.





End of part 9


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 10 -- Weight Training


The atmosphere in the chamber was warm and heavy with tension.  Lisa was
standing quietly by the side of the horse, that mount of pleasure and pain,
still breathing heavily from the exertions of the tremendous orgasm she had just
enjoyed.  She knew that the ordeal yet to come, the suspension in the sling, was
both enjoyable, in the sense of exposure, of humiliation, but awesome in the
sense of the unknown, the unknown pleasure that the Master and Mistress had
planned for their entertainment.

In the meantime, Karen, standing across the horse from Lisa, looked over at
Andy, still with his hands now shackled again and his cock still in the erect
state that had seemed to become a part of him.  She wondered just what was in
store for her.  The thought of being fucked was indeed a pleasurable one for
her, she had become increasingly desperate for the feel of a warm swollen male
member deep inside her even as her torments with Lisa had unfolded.  Indeed the
remembrance of the way that the Master had filled her, had driven her to
incredible heights of pleasure, was still fresh in her mind.

A voice broke the silence as Greta stood up and spoke.

'Now, my fine young ladies, you have pleased me greatly with your performance,
you both did well to hold back your orgasm for as long as you did, but, never
fear you will both do better in future,  Especially you,' she cupped Karen's
full, heavy, smooth left breast, 'you, my dear, will become the star attraction
at our little gatherings!'

Karen felt a twinge of fear, what did this latest comment, this compliment even,
imply.

'Oh yes, you and Lisa will provide some interesting diversions for our guests,
and some very special pleasures for our special friends!'

Lisa looked across at Karen and showed her own apprehension, even though she had
already had some experience of the "Gatherings" in the great house and
especially the special affairs held down in the dungeon for some very select
guests.

'Never fear', Karl continued for his wife, 'you will be fully instructed in your
duties.'

At this point he turned his attention to Andy who as still stood in a suitable
humble manner awaiting his fate.

'Mmmmmmm, now what shall we do with you?', he mused, 'some pain is needed to
remind you of your status in this house, do you agree my dear?', he looked at
his wife, who, back in her chair, was looking quite flushed.

Karen looked at her and thought that perhaps her Mistress was flushed for a very
good reason; she had clearly enjoyed watching the two girls in their sweet
torment.  Surely she had not had an orgasm, a very discreet orgasm, of her own.

'Strap him to the frame', her voice was hoarse, her mouth dry, 'and give him
some weight training.'

Karen smiled inwardly, yes, she had had a very private cum, the flushed face,
the husky voice, Karen knew the signs so well.

Following his wife's advice, Karl  pushed Andy across the floor to the frame so
recently occupied by Karen's naked body.

'Come here my slave and tie your boy friend into position', commanded the
Master, 'and make sure the straps are very very tight, we don't want him to move
and spoil our fun do we?'

Andy stood against the frame, his arms stretched above his head as Karen
strapped his right wrist to  the beam.  She strapped the other wrist, and, as
she pulled it tight she mused to herself that the feeling, the smell, the
texture of a well used leather strap was indeed an erotic pleasure.  Small
wonder, she thought, that so many of the accessories and toys in this room, this
chamber of torment, this chamber of pleasure, were made of the same black supple
material.  Clearly Karl and Greta knew the sensual pleasure that seemed to be
the almost exclusive domain of leather.

She focused her mind on her task and bent to strap Andys ankles to the lowest
point of the frame.

'Well done my dear, now strap his head to the strut behind him, I don't want him
to be able to see just what we have in store for him.  And just strap this
around his meagre cock, it may help him!'

Karen stood up on tip toe, her feet still bare and unshod, and used a broad
leather strap across his forehead and around the strut.  Now Andy was fully
stretched, fully exposed and utterly helpless.  Even in this position, his cock
was still semi rigid, but, to the watching girls, it was unclear whether this
was due to the restraining strap round his cock or anticipation of pleasures yet
to come.

Karl, of course, knew well enough that the presence of a tight leather thong
around the base of his own cock produced a distinctly enjoyable sensation.

Karen stood back, her task seemingly finished.

'Oh no my dear, you are going to be the instrument of pleasure here', Karl  had
seated himself, 'you will be doing the work on your friend.  Do it well or you
know the consequences!'

'Yes my Master, how may I please you?'  Karen murmured.

Karl  smiled inwardly, he knew exactly how she would be pleasing him, in every
sense of the word.

'You can remove your collar and place this one instead around your sweet neck.'

Karen removed the slim collar, the only covering she had worn she had worn since
waking, as he passed her a broad leather collar, sufficiently wide that, when
buckled up would prevent her from lowering her head or even moving it more than
a fraction from side to side.

'Oh yes, the posture training is good for her my dear', Greta, clapping her
hands,  spoke across to her husband, 'she will learn to love the restraint that
it gives her.'

Karen tried to move her head and found that it was impossible to look downwards
unless she bent her whole upper body, no more furtive glances were possible,
even sideways movement meant she had to make exaggerated movements.

'My dear, your shoes, your shoes, never forget a well trained slave may be
permitted to wear her heels, if it pleases her Master.'

Karen walked across in her bare feet to the bench where Lisa had placed her
spike heeled sandals only a few short hours ago.  She picked them up, carefully
feeling the heel, the smooth sensuous curves, the straps, the fine black leather
thongs to wrap around her bare feet.  She bent over to slip her feet into them
and fix the tiny buckles. 

'Carefully, my slave, move carefully!',  Greta advised her.

Karen began to understand the problems a such a wide collar could produce, even
the simple act of fixing the straps around her feet, a task she had performed a
thousand times, was that much harder. Had they been normal pumps of course she
could have slipped her feet in easily but, with strappy sandals, it was
necessary to take care in fastening the tiny buckles.  At last, and it had
seemed to take a long time, Karen fixed the straps around her feet and ankles
and walked in a stately manner back to the side of Karl.

'You see, my dear, what a difference a pair of heels and a posture collar make,
she moves so well.'

Karen understood that the praise was intended for her ears as well, and she felt
pleased.  She had done something that her new owners approved.

'Let the fun begin!', Karl looked at his wife, 'what shall we do first?'

Greta thought for a moment and suggested

'Why not work on his nipples, why should a mere male be treated any different to
my girls?'. She smiled evilly,

'Karen, my slave, rub some of this on each of his nipples.'  She handed Karen a
tube, which, she saw was nothing more than a tube of quite ordinary menthol
toothpaste.

'Oh yes, he'll have quite a surprise when you rub some of that in each nipple.
Go on, start work.'

Karen walked across the floor, her spike heels tapping out loud in the expectant
silence.  As she got near her lover he tried to look down at her but his head
was too firmly strapped and he had no clear idea of what she was going to do. 
Karen opened the tube and squeezed a little on her forefinger.  She paused and
with a slow circular motion she began to rub this innocuous cream into his right
nipple.  Andy felt a cool sensation, nothing more, other than the pleasure of
having his nipple rubbed.

Karen stopped and began work on his left nipple, giving him the same sensation. 
He began to wonder if that was all he would feel when, quite suddenly the sharp
sensation, the stinging sensation, hit his right nipple.  As it did he caught a
slight whiff of something familiar, something he couldn't quite place.  As he
wondered a similar stinging, almost burning, sensation began in his left nipple. 
Suddenly he realised, it was nothing more than ordinary toothpaste; then he
realised, that which felt cool and refreshing in his mouth whenever he cleaned
his teeth gave an altogether different sensation when applied to more sensitive
flesh.  The burning sensation intensified and, as Karen moved away, he began to
feel a change from the original sting to a more pleasant glow, a distinctly
enjoyable feeling.  Yes!  This was definitely something he felt he would not
object to in the future.

Karen could see from his reactions that indeed this simple device was capable of
arousing some quite strong erotic sensations.  Perhaps she could .... but her
reverie was interrupted by Karl

'Go and get a pair of those nipple clamps from my table over there.'

Karen clicked her way across the floor, as her Master enjoyed the sight of her
naked body swaying slightly on the six inch heels, every step making her heavy,
pendulous, breasts sway gently.  So erotic, he thought to himself, will I ever
get tired of seeing such fine tits jiggling front of me?

Karen picked up a pair of clips and held them up for his approval.

'Yes, they will be fine, go and attach them to your friend.'.  Karen walked
back, as both Karl and Greta enjoyed the view.

Once again she started with the right nipple.  She thought to herself, as she
often had in the past, how small the average mans nipple really was, nothing to
pull, and pleasure, like her own swollen cherries.  She had learned in what
seemed another, earlier, life that Andy loved his nipples teased and she knew
that she would have to pinch them to make them sufficiently erect to be able to
fit the clips in her hand.  As she did so Andy drew breath sharply. The
application of the menthol based cream had sensitised his nipples to an extent
he had not believed possible.  Then, as Karen managed to clip the nipple, he
felt the full pressure, the pain even, as the clip bit home and hung from his
flesh, the weight of it adding to his distress.

Karen, oblivious to his feelings, and intent on her task, moved to his other
nipple and repeated the process, before she stepped away.  It was clear, from
his increasing erection, that the clamps had the desired effect on Andy. He was
feeling the kind of pain that Karen had become familiar with in the past; after
all, she thought, we women have such sensitive nipples, we can experience such
pleasures and pains, why not a man too?

As she moved away Karl and Greta surveyed Andy in his bondage.  His nipples were
clearly distended with the weight of the clips, but Greta wanted more.

'Karen-slut, go back and hang some of those weights on each miserable nipple.'

Karen teetered across to the bench and picked up four small lead, or was it dull
steel, weights, each slightly smaller than a golf ball.  She went over to Andy
and proceeded to hang one on each nipple clip, making him wince with the added
tension.

'Good, good!', murmured the watching pair in unison.

'And the others', Karl gave his instructions.

Karen proceeded to hang the extra weights very gently and slowly and only
released them when she was sure that Andy was ready for the extra torment. This
time the pain was quite evident, tears welled in the corners of his eyes and he
was obviously on the threshold between pleasure and pain, with pain being at the
front of his mind.

'Mmmm, I like that, seeing him feel some real torment!'  Karl seemed quite
enthralled at the sight of Andy hanging naked, with his nipples extended and,
for the moment at least, his cock a little less tumescent than it had been.

'Time for our next little game, my dear', Greta leaned over to her husband and
gently rubbed his crotch, squeezing his obviously distended member.

'We will fit him with the parachute next.  Karen-slut, go and fetch that sweet
device over and fit it to him.'

Karen looked puzzled, this was something she was not familiar with. As she
hesitated, Greta called across to the naked Lisa, still standing against the
wall.

'Go and help her, my little slut, show her what it is and how to use, she is
still new to our little ways here.'

Lisa padded across the room on her bare feet and stood by the side of Karen.
Almost as if by accident she managed to brush against her heavy tits as she
reached for the strange contraption of leather and chains.  She turned,
beckoning Karen to follow, and made her way across to the helpless Andy.

The naked girls stood in front of him, presenting him with a view of four,
shapely, heavy, tits and four equally erotic nipples, but he was not in the
frame of mind to appreciate the true beauty and erotic nature of the naked
female body; his nipples were now quite painful and the feeling that the weights
had given him was still just on the point of real pain.

With his head still firmly restrained he could only wonder what was to happen to
him next.  He suddenly felt a cool hand unstrapping the thin leather thong that
had been around his cock.  The hand felt cool and smooth, and despite his
discomfort he could not avoid feeling the first tremors of excitement, after all
it had been a long time since his cock had been touched by anyone, let alone by
a female hand.

Lisa spoke softly to Karen, 'Here, as I hold his cock up I want you to fasten
this leather collar around the base of his balls, and make sure it is tight.'

Karen began to see the purpose of the device, even though the name still had no
meaning to her.  She noticed that the leather strap was, in reality, more of a
curved broad collar, with small fasteners to allow the user to join the two ends
together in as tight a manner as they could wish.  She deftly fitted the curved
collar around the sensitive area and pulled the fasteners tight until she heard
Andy gasp.  Stepping back she could see that the chain now hung down to just
above Andy's knees and were joined together with a small hook.

Once she had accomplished her task Karen moved away and was joined by Lisa, who,
reluctantly, had let go of the stiffening cock.

'Oh, yes, my dear, I like that', Karl leaned over and smiled evilly at his wife,
'now, girls, apply some weight to that chain and we'll see how your man likes
that!'

Lisa, who had evidently had some experience in inflicting this kind of torment,
led Karen over to the bench where she pointed out a small box holding a
collection of what appeared to be lead weights, around the size and shape of a
small pear, each fitted with a small chain and loop at the narrow end.  Lisa
walked Karen back to the helpless Andy and hung one of the weights on the chain. 
Now, Karen could see the reason for the name 'parachute', the effect of the
hanging chain and the curved collar was exactly like a parachute, with the whole
weight being borne by the unfortunate victims testicles.

'Yes, yes', Greta sat forward, her eyes bright with anticipation, 'keep adding
weights till I tell you to stop.'

Taking turns Lisa and Karen added more weights until at last they heard the
command to stop.  It seemed that the luckless Andy was now supporting well over
a pound, almost two pounds at a guess, solely by his testicles, his balls.  The
sac was stretched further and longer than Karen had believed possible and it was
clear to all in the room that this was indeed a painful experience, Andy's face
was set in a grimace that conveyed some of the tension he as feeling.

Greta took command again and called across to Lisa.

'Lisa-slut, you may move over and begin to play with his pitiful cock.'

True indeed, the semi-erection that he had a few short minutes ago had subsided
as he fought to bear the new weight on his most delicate parts.  Lisa moved
closer and slowly began to stroke his almost flaccid cock with her cool, long
fingers. 

Karen had to admire her technique; despite his obvious discomfort, slowly and
inevitably, Andy's cock was beginning to rise again, the thickening was evident
as he felt the delicate stimulation. Again, he was passing the barrier between
pain and pleasure and his cock was erecting into a magnificent hard tool, harder
and thicker, Karen thought, observing from a distance, that she had thought
possible.  Certainly Andy had felt the earlier pain, the tension, but now that
tension was adding to his pleasure, to his arousal, and he decided that, yes, he
liked it!

'Keep working on him, Lisa-slut', Karl offered, ' but he must not cum, that is,
if he is capable of that at the moment,' he laughed, 'just keep him hard and
torment him.'

Lisa turned and murmured 'Yes master, as you order,' and continued her delicate
and slow stroking, making sure that the fine swollen head was fully exposed,
gleaming almost, with the distended flesh almost throbbing beneath her fingers.

After some minutes of this gentle exercise, the head seemed to swell more and an
unmistakable drop of pre-cum oozed from the wide slit at the end of Andys cock.

'Ha, stop it, NOW!'  Greta broke the tension as Lisa moved away on her command. 
'I think we have had enough pleasures for the moment, my two sweet sluts', Greta
stood up from her chair and moved across to the naked girls, 'you shall both
have a few hours rest while this, this miserable wretch stays here and reflects
upon his true station in life,' she flicked his still throbbing cock with the
back of her hand.

Andy looked down at her as best he could, with pleading eyes but she took no
notice.

'You girls have yet to partake of the prizes you were awarded for your earlier
efforts on the horse, and I want you to be in prime condition before you accept
them.

You, Lisa-slut are going back to your cell', Lisa looked crest-fallen,  'and
you, Karen-slut, are going back to your room for the last time.  After the prize
giving you will be placed in your own cell next to Lisa and you will see just
how comfortable you can be, if it pleases me, that is!'

At that, Greta pushed Lisa towards the corner of the dungeon and the doorway to
the passage where her cell was situated.  She then pulled Karen forward by the
ring in her posture collar and guided her towards the stairs and her room.

With a last look back at her poor tormented lover, still in naked bondage on the
cross, Karen passed through the door, her mind now active with thoughts of
whatever, or even whoever, she had to endure next.

Suddenly, Greta stopped, and pulled Karen back to the dungeon, 'I almost
forgot', she said, not very convincingly, 'I have to tell you and your lover
that he has another little treat in store before you next meet in here!'

Karen and Andy looked, puzzled, at each other, wondering just what other little
tricks their Mistress had to play.

'I am going to arrange for my beautician to visit you', she walked over to Andy
and casually flicked his semi-erect cock and scratched the sensitive end with
her painted nails.

Andy winced, partly with pain and, Karen suspected, partly with pleasure, as
Greta continued.

'She will prepare and beautify your body to suit our tastes and then she will
select some suitable clothing for your public appearances.  I'm sure you will
enjoy that!'

With that, and with one last final tug on his cock, she turned and pulled Karen
back towards the doorway and her room.




End of part 10


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 11 - The Reward


After a long rest and a long, refreshing, shower, Karen felt she was in the mood
for anything that she thought Greta could  devise.  She stood, virtually naked,
silently, in her room, hands  behind her back and stiletto clad feet wide apart
in the way that she had been instructed.

Almost without warning the door to her room swung open and her Mistress walked
in, looking at her charge.

'You foolish girl, you didn't dress properly, did you?'

Karen moved only her eyes to look at Greta, her face puzzled.

'Why didn't you wear your slave collar today?'

Karen flushed with shame, she knew there was something she should have done, but
having both the  posture collar and her more usual slave collar to choose from
she  thought that she should choose neither.  She didn't realise that whatever
choice she had made would have been wrong because Greta was determined to find
fault with her slave.  She would soon learn that Greta would always find reason
to punish or prolong her misery.

'Mmmm, I suppose we will have to punish you later', she murmured, 'now put the
collar on and then we will go and join the others downstairs.'

Karen quickly buckled the thin, smooth, supple leather band around her throat
and stood meekly by the side of her Mistress.

'Follow me, slave!' The two walked down the stairs and across to the entrance to
the room of pleasure that Karen had become so familiar with during her short
stay with her new owners.

As they opened the heavy door Karen sensed that something had  changed, there
was a heavier scent, an exotic perfume, in the air, a more seductive aroma than
she remembered from her previous  session.  As she was led across the floor the
reason became apparent.

Standing on a small podium was her lover, her former lover, she thought.  Andy
was stood, legs slightly apart, and hands neatly behind his back, all fairly
normal for the situation they were in.  What was not normal was his appearance. 
He was just wearing a pair of low heeled pumps, with low, but decidedly
feminine, heels, and a pair of, (was it silk?), panties. There was still
something Karen could not quite place and then she  realized.  Andy was
completely hairless from the neck down.  He had always had a reasonable degree
of male hairiness that Karen had quite liked but now, as far as she could see,
his body was  smooth, it even gleamed slightly, as if he had had some oil rubbed
into his smooth skin.  She knew that the Mistress had at least partly shaved him
earlier, but even then there had been remaining patches, even in between his
legs some hair had remained.

Greta came to a stop in front of the waiting male slave.

'Present!', she barked.

At once Andy  unclasped his hands and swiftly lowered his panties to his ankles 
and stepped out of them, and turned right around.  Now Karen could see that he
was indeed quite hairless, all over!  His slowly thickening cock stood  proudly
above his smooth shaven balls, which looked so smooth Karen wondered if he had
in fact been waxed.  The smoothness was emphasised by the thin black strap he
still wore, circled in turn  around his cock and the base of his scrotum.  As
she stood near to her lover she could detect a much stronger aroma, incredibly,
it seemed, Andy had been liberally perfumed as well.

Then she  noticed that not only were his fingernails painted in a light,
feminine pink color but he was also wearing lipstick in a matching tone.
Lipstick!  Karen was amazed, this was something  she had never seen before and
she wondered how Andy felt.  Her thoughts were disturbed by Greta again.

'How do you like your boy friend now?', she stared into Karens wondering eyes.
'Quite pretty now, isn't he?  You see, my dear,' Greta talked directly to Karen
and ignored the naked Andy, 'we prefer  our male slaves to be presented in such
a way that they are, shall we say, different to other men.  We feel they need to 
experience just a little of what our females experience and what better way than
to present him like this?'

Karen thought that, in fact, her Mistress was probably right.

Greta turned back to  Andy.

'Now continue as you have been taught.'

At that Andy resumed his former stance, legs apart with one hand behind his back
while his other hand began to stroke his already thickening cock.

'Well done, you are learning fast', Karl, who had  been sitting in the shadows,
called across.

Andy was clearly happy to be praised by his Master and continued stroking his
cock  into a full and proud erection.

'Good, good, keep that up slave, but do not cum.'

Andy carried on with the action that he had been familiar with since his early
teens, thinking to himself  that in fact the chance to stand naked in front of a
dominant woman and her naked slave while he masturbated was the fulfilment of a
long held dream.  'If this was a dream', he thought, 'I hope  I never wake up.'

Greta stood for a few moments and watched him play with his cock, watching the
long strokes that alternately bared and  covered the swollen head.  She turned
to Karen.

'Well my  dear, what do you think of him now?'

Karen was unsure of the  correct answer but hoped that she answered in a
suitable manner.

'He is doing well Mistress, you have trained him well indeed.'

'Oh yes, we have certainly done that haven't we?  It took only a  few short
hours and now he does our every bidding.'

Karen was  surprised, how had they managed to turn her former, independently
minded, boy friend into a willing tool, into a man only too willing to perform
such intimate duties in front of others and even enjoy the experience.

Greta, with her wealth of experience in training slaves could read her thoughts.

'You, my  dear will be even better than him, you will perform everything, and
anything, that we order, be it in front of us, or in front of dozens of people,
men and women!'

Karen paled at the thought.

'And you will enjoy it too, never fear!'

'Now, my dear', Karl called across, 'don't forget our main business with the two
girls, I believe there is a prize and a  penalty to be handed out!'

Karen's heart sank a little, she hadn't forgotten her 'prize' for taking longer
than Lisa to cum  when they were sat on the horse.  She dearly wanted a cock,
any  cock even, but now that the time had come, she was uncertain?  What other
surprises were in store for her.

Greta led Karen to one side and called out.

'Lisa come here at once!'

The door to the slave accommodation in the corner of the dungeon opened and Lisa
padded across to Greta.  She  was quite naked and knelt before her Mistress with
her head bowed.

'You know what you are going to suffer don't you, my dear slut?'

Lisa nodded her head and murmured 'Yes Mistress'.

Greta delighted in stretching the inevitable outcome for her slaves, feeling,
correctly, that the anticipation was as much part of the pleasure process as the
actual process itself.

'Good, you will be placed in the sling and have the great privilege of watching
your new friend be serviced by Slave Ken.'

Lisa nodded slowly and murmured 'Thank you Mistress, it is more than I deserve.'

Karen was quite surprised to hear her new friend speak like that but she
imagined that this was the way that a fully trained slave would, indeed had to,
behave.

'Now, because this is a special occasion Slave Karen will prepare you and deal
with you, until she is otherwise engaged', at this Greta permitted herself a
short laugh, 'and then we shall see what  happens to you.  Go over to your place
and wait.'

Lisa stood up, head bowed and padded across to the side of the dungeon where the 
array of chains and ropes clearly marked the area used for the various
suspension games that went on from time to time.

'Karen, go over there and prepare her, I am sure you will be able to do that
simple task.'

'Yes Mistress', Karen turned away from her position at the side of Greta and,
naked apart from her collar and the inevitable spike heels, walked across to her
waiting friend.

Knowing that she herself was being tested in some way, and aware that her
owners, as well as Andy, were watching her, made Karen determined to do her best
to be as good as possible in her new role.  She glanced across at Andy, who was
still slowly stroking his cock, maintaining his erection but making sure the he
obeyed Karl's earlier instruction.

She moved to Lisa's side and arranged the sling device, a broad leather strap,
carefully across the floor and attached a chain to the loops fixed at each
corner.  She then told, (ordered, perhaps is better, Karen thought to herself),
Lisa to lie face down on the strap and position herself so that her breasts were
clear on one side and her shaven mound clear on the other side.  Greta was
nodding her approval at the way Karen performed and saw that her husband was
also pleased with the new slave.

Karen, meanwhile ordered, no longer asking, but demanding, that Lisa spread her
arms and legs wide.  Once she was spread-eagled on the floor Karen moved to fix
broad leather straps round each of Lisa's wrists, pulling them firm and tight
without being too restrictive.  She remembered from her married days the damage
and unnecessary pain that could be caused by overtight bondage, and while she
enjoyed bondage games as much as anyone could, she did not wish to ever venture
into the more demanding, even degrading, world of sadism and the like.
Concentrating again on her task Karen moved to Lisa's ankles. Taking the
opportunity to once again hold and stroke those smooth bare feet, Karen used
similar straps on each ankle.  Once Lisa had been fitted properly she began to
connect further chains to each leather band, adjusting them until the tension in
each limb, and the sling itself, was equally balanced.

Greta continued to show her approval and wondered just how Karen had managed to
prepare Lisa in such a perfect manner.  She was not aware, nor indeed was anyone
else in the room, that Karen had gained her experience the hard way, as the
victim, not the mistress, in those dark years when her husband had introduced
her to the pleasures, and the pains of bondage.  No one in the room had any idea
just how many hours Karen had spent suspended as Lisa was about to be, nor just
what 'pleasures' she had enjoyed at those times.  Karen kept her thoughts to
herself and determined never to tell anyone about those days.

Once she was satisfied that everything was in order, Karen moved across to the
switch controlling the chains and set the motor turning.  Slowly, so slowly, the
naked spread-eagled form of Lisa was hoisted into the air until her pendulous
breasts, her jutting nipples, were almost at the level of Karen's own full,
heavy nippled breasts.

'Stop there', Greta called across, 'let me inspect her before you continue.'

Karen stepped away and with head bowed waited for her Mistress to inspect her
handiwork. Greta walked slowly around the helpless Lisa, he body, arms and legs
held perfectly level, with her most intimate places fully exposed, and only her
head with any freedom.

'Hmmmm, I believe a head harness is indicated here, we don't want her to think
she can move and see what we are doing to her.'

Greta gestured to Karen who dutifully went across to the well stocked bench and
picked up a suitable harness.  She walked back and fixed the straps around
Lisa's head, brushing her hair back.  She then slipped a short chain through the
ring in the top strap and fixed each end to the chains supporting Lisa'a arms.

Satisfied with the arrangement, Greta returned to her seat and admired the view
of Lisa, naked and spread, with her head held high.

'No need for a gag, I think, but you can apply some nice weights to those
nipples if you please!'

Karen had expected the command.  She, like her Mistress had noticed the swollen
teats.  Lisa was clearly aroused at her position, and her body would not allow
her to deny it.

Karen walked behind Lisa to the bench and selected the same set of weights that
she had earlier used on Andy.  As she walked back she looked between those naked
spread legs and there was no doubt at all, Lisa was aroused.  Her smooth shaven
labia glistened in the low light of the dungeon; she was very wet indeed.  Karen
envied her the pleasure she was feeling at the moment but wondered how she would
react to the effects of gravity on her tits and nipples.

Slowly she held up the nipple clips so that Lisa could see them, and know what
was in store.  Karen felt brave enough to speak.

'Do you like these, Lisa, shall I clip you now?'

Lisa was a little shocked at Karen speaking to her like that, but, as there was
no reaction from the watching owners, she answered, surprised at her daring.

'Yes please, please, now, I want them now.'

Karen hesitated no longer and stooped slightly to clip each swollen nipple in
turn.  Lisa gasped at the sudden constriction but didn't make any other sound.

Karen spoke again, 'Now for some little weights!'

She didn't show Lisa what she was using but gently hung one on each nipple
clamp.  This time Lisa couldn't help herself, she groaned aloud with the sudden
tension.  As Karen looked at the pinched and extended nipples she felt a pang of
sympathy for Lisa, she knew full well the effect of such weights, and wondered
how long the torment would continue.

'Well done, slave Karen, that was well done indeed.  I think it is time for your
own little reward now.  Pull that pad up below your friend there so that she can
see you clearly.'

Karen looked around and saw a low pad, lying on a wooden base, probably some
kind of futon, and, bending over giving Karl, and Andy too, a sweet glimpse
between her naked thighs, dragged it over until it was within Lisa's sightline.

'Excellent!  Now you can lay down and await your reward.'  Greta smirked, 'You',
she addressed Andy, ' will walk across and stand behind slave Lisa and continue
your duties.'

Naked and still holding his cock, Andy walked, with a little difficulty in the
unaccustomed heels, and took his position standing just behind Lisa's naked and
outstretched feet.  His view of the wet and glistening flesh caused him to
stroke his erection with greater frequency, but he kept in mind his
instructions.  He did not want to face the consequences of failure.  He noticed
that his position also gave him a clear view of the futon and the naked Karen.

Karen laid herself down on the futon, her legs slightly apart and her arms by
her side.

Greta got out of their chair and walked across to the door to the slave cells.

'Slave Ken, come out here, you are needed now!'

She returned to her seat and looked expectantly across to the corner, waiting to
see her favorite male slave appear.  From her prone position Karen was the only
one in the room who could not see what was happening.  The silence in the dimly
lit dungeon was absolute, and only broken by the sound of naked feet softly
falling on the stone floor.

Ken entered the room, and, as she always did, Greta admired his finely muscled
body.  He was around 6 feet tall without an ounce of superfluous fat on him,
and, like Andy, stood watching from across the room, his body was completely
hairless.  As he was being watched, he walked across to his Master and Mistress
and stood, legs apart and head bowed in front of them.

'You will have the privilege of showing our new slave how she will be expected
to perform with you when we have our next little gathering', Karl spoke, licking
his lips, already planning some more special treatment for Karen and Andy before
the scheduled meeting of his friends in a few weeks time.

Ken nodded his head and murmured, 'Yes sir, that will be my pleasure!'

'Oh yes, it will indeed!', Greta could not resist making her contribution to the
scene.

As he stood there husband and wife admired his cock, which was slightly bigger,
in length and girth than Karl's equipment.  Andy from across the room could see
that this slave was way above him in endowment.  All he could do was to comfort
himself with the thought of 'quality not quantity' but he was uncertain of just
how effective his fellow slave would be.

Karen was blissfully unaware of these comparisons and laid still awaiting her
turn to join in the proceedings.

'Get on with it!' Greta was impatient to see some action; she had a few little
surprises in store for Karen, determined as she was to find any excuse to place
her new slave back into bondage.

Ken walked across and Karen saw him for the first time, saw his cock already
almost fully erect, and she had difficulty in keeping silent.  He was well
endowed, not a freak, but his cock was noticeably bigger than Andy's although
perhaps only a little larger than either Karl, or, indeed, her former husband.
She had never talked about such things to Andy but, for all his faults, and
there were many, her ex-husband was well endowed, and he was an expert in using
it to please both her and their many friends.

Ken moved across and stood over her slowly stroking his erection as he looked at
her smooth shaven labia.  Silently he approved of her minimal clothing, the
leather collar and the strappy spike heels were his favorite attire for a fellow
slave, and, as he knew, was quite typical of the costume the slaves wore at any
of the parties that his owners organized.  'Yes', he thought, 'you have much to
learn!' as he knelt down beside the waiting Karen, and began to knead her
breasts and tease her already achingly erect nipples.

Karen felt herself begin to respond, and reached across to touch, to hold, the
erect member so near her face.  She had difficulty in getting her fingers around
it, partly due to her small feminine hands, but mainly due to the girth of the
swollen cock.  She noticed that he had been circumcised and the bare head was
already swollen hugely with a firm and pronounced rim that she longed to lick
and caress with her tongue.  As this was going on Lisa, with her weighted tits
hanging just over the couple could see that Karen would soon be mounted,
impaled, on that cock.  She herself had had several sessions with Ken to
entertain her Mistress's guests and she had always enjoyed herself until Kens
incredible stamina wore her down.  She always ended up begging him to stop and
let her rest.  She wondered how Karen would cope.

Andy was still at his position behind Lisa and between her legs where he had a
view of her increasingly wet labia, his steady stroking of his own, seemingly
meager, erection continuing.  He could see everything that the naked couple were
doing, were going to do and he wondered if he would yet have a chance to insert,
to thrust, himself into the soft and yielding tunnel in front of him.

Meanwhile Karen had, with some difficulty placed the swollen head into her mouth
and was eagerly tonguing it and sucking it.  As she did so Ken began to move one
hand down to her swollen clitoris and with the other hand continued to pull and
tease her swollen nipples.

Both Karl and Greta leaned forward on their seats and called encouragement
across the room.  As they did so, Ken began to climb on top of Karen and she
willingly, almost eagerly, opened her legs wider and wider so that she could
reach down and guide the cock into her willing cunt.  As she tried to achieve
her aim Ken reached up and pulled her hands over her head, and pinning each
wrist down with his own hands, and using his cock, began to probe those swollen
and wet lips in his search for the entrance to her cunt.

Karen felt increasingly helpless, she was not in bondage, she could move her
body and legs freely but she could not bring herself to move.

'Please, please...' she pleaded looking into Ken's eyes, begging him to take
her.  She did not know that Ken would do everything in his own time, that in
fact, the whole scene was, had been, planned and performed many times.  His
whole aim was to please his owners and to pleasure himself, and he knew that he
could only do that by performing exactly as he was expected.

He continued probing Karens soft wet swollen flesh with his cock, rubbing across
and between her lips, from her ass up to her clit where he spent a little more
time teasing that miniature cock, before once again she felt the head at her
entrance.  Suddenly, and without warning, he thrust himself deep and hard as far
as he could into the waiting cunt.  Karen gasped out loud, the move had caught
her unawares; not so Lisa who had herself been impaled in  the same way every
time Ken had taken her.  Once he had thrust as deep as possible he slowly
withdrew until only the head was inside, just barely inside, Karen, and held
himself there until again, a mighty thrust, this time making Karen scream out,
partly pleasure and partly pain.  He was so big that even her years with her
husband and her recent experience with Karl himself had not prepared her for the
onslaught on her loins.

Ken continued his little game, slow withdrawal and rapid thrusts for some
minutes bringing Karen nearer to an orgasm, making her forget the stretching and
want only the penetration.  Then he changed his tactics, pulling completely out
of her wetness and then very slowly, very, very slowly, inserting himself to the
full length of his shaft.  This time Karen could stand no more, and oblivious to
the onlookers, began shouting and begging him to finish, to fuck her, to make
her cum.

Lisa smiled to herself, she had been there and felt exactly the same way. Andy,
transfixed by the erotic performance in front of him unconsciously began
stroking himself with greater urgency before he realised how near he was himself
to cumming; he paused remembering his earlier warning and slowed his pace.  Even
so he doubted he could manage to control himself much longer.

As the thrusting continued Karen could control herself no longer and began
moaning and screaming non-stop begging him to let her cum.

Ken looked across at his Mistress who nodded.

With that signal, and knowing he had started well, he began to thrust more
regularly into Karen, long, fast and deep strokes, giving her love tunnel a
pounding such as she had not had since her married days.  As the relentless
friction in her velvet tunnel continued she could control herself no more.

'Cummmmmming, cummmmmmming' she screamed.

Even as she did, even as the pleasure waves coursed through her, Ken carried on
without stopping, without any change in the rhythm  of his thrusts.  Karen's
orgasmic thrill continued but she felt the need for escape, for a respite from
the continuous assault on her soft inner flesh; she could feel her cervix being
rubbed.  As Ken continued to thrust, she began to struggle for some relief.  As
much and as often as she enjoyed prolonged orgasms, there had to be some rest,
some time for recovery before the continual arousal became less pleasurable.

Greta continued to enjoy the sight, the time for her to intercede drawing near.

Lisa, despite the arousal she felt, despite the tension in her stretched
nipples, could not help but feel sympathy for Karen.  She knew what was yet in
store for her new friend, knew there was no respite and knew that even as she
struggled now, Karen would soon begin to accept, and even enjoy, her role.

Greta rose from her seat and looked at her husband.

'Yes, this is about the right time, my dear', Karl's voice was hoarse.

She walked across to stand beside the heaving couple.

'Stop, give my young slave a rest!'

Karen looked relieved, the torment, the thrusting was over while she could still
feel some pleasure.

'You, my slut, have disappointed me', Greta leaned over the sweating, panting
Karen.  'You do not appear to have sufficient stamina to match my slave', she
looked approvingly at Ken, 'you have much to learn'.

Karen looked at her Mistress and implored in a low voice.

'What do you expect of me Mistress?  What more can I do?'

'You can cooperate with my slave and continue to fuck with him, and cease your
struggles', Greta answered, 'or you shall learn the hard way.'

'Please Mistress, give me another chance to learn', Karen begged.

Greta was adamant.  This was the moment she had planned since the session, the
exhibition, had started.

'You know what we shall do don't you, slut', she addressed Lisa and casually
flicked the weights hanging from her distended nipples, making her gasp with the
sudden pain.  Lisa could only agree, she had been through this before and she
knew that while she had pleased her owners up to a point, they were even more
demanding; she hoped that Karen could take all that was coming to her.

'Slave Ken, you know what to do now, I think?'

Ken nodded his understanding.

'You may proceed with the training, slut Karen has much to learn.'





End of part 11


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 12 - The Reward Continues


Karen half heard the comments.  She was still in spasm after the prolonged
orgasm that she had endured; no, she had to admit, she had enjoyed.  She decided
that in fact it was not so bad after all.  She listened carefully and tried to
recall what her Mistress had said. Yes, that was it!

'...Slave Ken, you know what to do now....you may proceed with the training!'

Was that it?  Now there was more, oh god, ohmigod!  She recalled her Mistress
again '...slut Karen has much to learn.'  What was in store for her now, what
pleasures, what pains?  She looked up at the suspended Lisa, who gave her a
consoling look but didn't speak.  There was no one she could turn to, she could
see Andys shaved legs and heel clad feet and she could guess what he was doing
but she had no idea what to expect herself.

As her mind wandered, searched, for comfort, Ken moved across and behind her
head and knelt down.  His erection was still proud and full and Karen could see
that it still glistened with her juices.  She was certain that he had not cum
inside her, had not cum at all, and she wondered how long this man could last
before he released his hot, sweet juices deep inside her, or over her.

Her thoughts were interrupted as she felt her wrists being grasped and pulled
over her head. She felt first one, then the other being strapped and pulled
until her arms were stretched wide and high above her head. Lisa, of course,
knew exactly what was happening, she had been on the futon before and she knew
that the wooden frame was well equipped with hooks, loops, chains, straps and
the like to hold the occupant in any position imaginable.

Karen suddenly felt quite helpless, as Ken got up and walked around to her
stiletto clad feet.  He grasped each ankle, feeling the thin leather thong
around each one, feeling a small thrill as he touched the warm leather.  Then he
lifted Karen's legs high and pushed them towards her shoulders.  He stepped over
her and reached down, to find more cuffs, more straps.  In a few short moments
he had managed to strap and pull Karen's legs over her head and almost as wide
as her arms.  She was bent almost double, no obstruction over her still
sensitive breasts and nipples and her labia, her swollen labia, and even her
puckered hole, totally visible and available to anyone who wanted to make use of
her.

Lisa, in her elevated position, had a clear view and she could see that,
although the position was not particularly comfortable for Karen, it was one
which she could tolerate, and even, she thought to herself, one she might come
to enjoy.

Andy also had a clear view of his bound and exposed lover, a view that he had
rarely had, even in their most active times.  It was a view that excited him and
he felt that his measured stroking of his cock was not enough, he had to
increase his tempo, even if it meant cumming against his Masters wishes.
Switching his stare from Lisa's swollen, glistening, labia to Karen's equally
swollen, redder and puffier lips he felt he was reaching a point of no return.

Suddenly, unable to help himself and stimulated intensely by the erotic sights
before him, his swollen cock erupted, spurting out long jets of cum, repeatedly
spurting, more than he had ever thought possible.  And, even more surprising to
Andy was the distance he ejaculated.  He was still standing between Lisa's
spread legs, level with her bare feet, and still the eruptions reached up to
Lisa's bare thighs and even directly onto her smooth shaven labia.  Lisa felt
the warmth, the sticky warmth, as it struck her and slowly began to seep down
her swollen flesh, down the small gap between her lips, until it slowly began to
drip on to the floor.

Karl had been watching Andy carefully, he fully expected his new toy to fail his
test, it had only been a matter of time before he could hold his orgasm back no
more, and he was pleased to see that even without further training and practice,
Andy had the potential to rival his fellow slave for the copious amounts of cum
he could eject.  'Good', he thought, ' we have the makings of a fine pair of
slaves here, ones who will please my guests in every way'.

But these thoughts were not shared with Andy. 'You miserable fool', he exploded,
'you have failed me, you have disobeyed me!'

Andy looked across at his Master and abjectly apologised.

'Sorry Master, I am so sorry, please forgive me.'

Karl loved to hear his slaves begging, pleading for his forgiveness.  It would
make no difference this time, but, then perhaps another time he would grant
mercy.  However, Andy would have to learn some harsh lessons first.

'You will be punished', Karl continued, 'get on your knees and use your tongue
to clean your mess from my slave.  Use your tongue only, and when you have
finished, you may clean the floor too!'

Andy shuffled and got on his knees, thinking that this was the kind of
punishment he would enjoy, licking and caressing such sweet wet shaven lips. His
thoughts were disturbed as Karl continued.

'We will punish you properly later, I need a willing new maid to serve us at
dinner tonight and you shall perform that duty to perfection.'

He looked at his wife and they smiled at each other.

Little did Andy realise just what that would mean, a maid serving to perfection,
as he continued his oral duty on Lisa, the words only half heard. Lisa heard
them only too clearly and she suddenly shuddered thinking of how in a few short
hours Andy would find himself transformed into Andrea.  Oh yes, he had much to
learn!

Karen had laid there, helpless and spread wide while Andy had released his pent
up urges and she had almost become unaware that Ken was standing over her, his
erection still thick and proud.  Slowly he sank to his knees and aimed the
mushroom head at her still tender swollen labial lips.  She felt the head begin
to part her labia, to rub against her clitoris which, it seemed was more
sensitive than she had ever thought possible.

Greta leaned forward in her chair, her face flushed and her voice thick with
emotion.

'Now, slave Ken, now, start to fuck her properly, work on her cunt until it
becomes the center of her world!'

Ken was waiting for the command before he again thrust his thick long cock deep
into the waiting cunt, the swollen wet and aroused cunt, that lay exposed below
him.  Karen could do nothing to avoid his pistoning strokes as it ploughed the
full length of her sensitive channel.  Suddenly he withdrew his cock, and with
it still wet, dripping, with her sweet juice, he moved around and knelt over
Karen's face and rubbed the swollen head over her lips, forcing it into her
mouth until she almost gagged.  Despite herself, despite her discomfort in her
spread position she could not resist sucking and teasing this thick cock, as Ken
slowly eased more and more of it into her mouth.

'Careful', Greta warned, 'don't choke her, she will soon become willing to
service you whenever I command, just a few more days training!'

Ken slowed down his assault, he knew full well that Greta intended to allow him
to train Karen to perform any service that may be demanded, either here for
private entertainment, or at one of the many regular little 'parties' that his
owners loved to present.

'Enough, go back and fuck her until she is worn out!'

The order rang out cross the room and Ken stood up and moved around the naked
form to position himself for another long session of thrusting deep into Karen's
wet and, despite herself, willing body.  As he continued to pound into her,
long, full strokes, she felt herself begin to reach another climax, another cum
and as the tension rose she could not help herself.  She had to have him in her,
now and as deep as possible.

'Ohmigod, fuck me, fuck me fuck me', Karen screamed out, winning approving
smiles from her Mistress, and even a quick look from Andy who was still engaged
in his task of cleaning and tonguing a very wet Lisa.

'Oh, no please, please please stop!', Karen cried at last as the relentless
penetration continued, 'please give me a rest, please. Mistress, please tell him
to stop'.  At this Karen turned her head as far as possible to try to look
beseechingly at her Mistress.

'Enough, give her a little rest, slave Ken!', Karl intervened, 'We must remember
that she is yet to be fully trained for our requirements.'

Karen was relieved to hear the command but even so she was worried, what did he
mean by 'fully trained', what else was in store for her?

Greta nodded her head in agreement.

'Yes my dear, let us have a change of pace. You, slave Andy, will stop what you
are doing, I think my little slut has had too much stimulation at the moment.'

Lisa and Andy both looked a little disappointed as both of them had been quite
oblivious to much of the proceedings, both of them being lost in their own
pleasure, the action of Andy's tongue had brought Lisa several times to the
brink of an orgasm.

'You will move around and take those weights off her poor nipples, and then I
think you should spend some time working on them. I'm sure slave Lisa will enjoy
that!'

Greta had decided to give Lisa a rest from her torment, and she knew full well
that the removal of the clips after a prolonged period would bring its own sweet
rewards of pleasure and pain to Lisa, who would be more than willing for a soft
warm tongue to soothe her distended teats.

'You', she addressed Ken next, 'will loosen slave Karen's legs, she is not yet
used to too much time in a position of total submission.'

Ken withdrew from his position at Karen's opening and, with his cock still fully
erect, to Karen's amazement, walked around her and loosened the bonds around
each ankle, and then unstrapped her spread eagled wrists.. Karen felt the
freedom to stretch her legs, move her arms, to ease the tensions and thought
that at last she would be permitted to rest. But no, there was yet more in store
for her.

'You know what to do now, strap her ankles to her wrists.'

Ken went across to the bench and picked up a selection of broad leather straps
and a wooden spreader bar, some three feet in length.  Karen watched him with
growing apprehension, as did Andy who was about to remove the clips from Karen.

'You, slave Andy, wait until I give you the command to unclip her,' Karl
intervened, 'and then you shall perform your duties on her tits.'

Andy stopped and concentrated on what was to happen to his former lover.  Ken
had got back to Karen's naked form and bent over, cock waving proudly, while he
strapped each wrist to the corresponding ankle, before finally fixing the
spreader bar.  Karen was given no choice but to lie on her back, ankles and
wrists strapped to the bar, leaving her, perhaps more comfortable than she had
been for the last few minutes, hours; time had lost its meaning through her
almost continuous and relentless orgasms.  But, while she was perhaps more
comfortable, she was still completely exposed and available for Ken to continue
his assault on her, for how much longer she did not, could not, know.

By now both Karl and Greta were satisfied and the two male slaves were waiting
their commands.

'Slave Andy, remove those clips and perform your duties!'

Andy was eager to obey, those nipples looked so inviting, but Lisa was only too
aware that, for a short time at least, the removal of the clips would produce
exquisitely painful sensations in each teat.  Andy was aware of her feelings, he
recalled the many times he and Karen had played similar games with her well
developed nipples, so he was gentle as he removed each one.  Even so Lisa could
not hold back a low moan as the blood flowed and her nerve endings regained some
sensation in them.  As soon as both clips were off Andy knelt below the
suspended Lisa and began to suckle each teat in turn, soothing Lisa and slowly
beginning to arouse her yet again.

Once the two slaves were coupled, lips to nipple, Greta gave her order to Ken to
continue servicing Karen.  Yet again, Karen could see from her position and
looking between her strapped and spread legs, Ken was still mightily erect as he
bent to his task.

'Fuck her properly this time slave Ken, and you may cum this time!'

Ken was pleased for the permission to cum at last, but disappointed because he
would not be able to torment Karen much longer. 'On balance', Ken thought, 'I
like the fucking even more than the cumming'. Karen, on her part was relieved to
hear the command, at last she would be given the satisfaction of feeling Ken
spurting his cum deep into her, at last she could orgasm and know that then she
could rest in a well deserved post-orgasmic glow.

Ken started yet again, this time on his final assault, using the spreader bar to
steady himself as he began furiously pumping in and out of Karen's wet, red,
sore flesh.  Karen was soon reduced to giving loud and eager vent to her
feelings until, she felt the almost imperceptible difference as Ken's cock began
to throb, to twitch, deep inside her.

'Cum now, please , please!', she begged Ken who kept up his pounding, until,
suddenly, Karen felt him jetting deep inside her.  She felt the jets of thick
creamy cum filling her, seeping down the side of Kens cock, still retaining much
of its stiffness as finally he began to slow down.  Gasping with pleasure as
much as relief, she felt Ken finally slip out of her much used cunt and, as he
did, there was the unmistakable feeling, so familiar after a prolonged period of
penetration, a relaxation, a warm glow, added to by the slow seeping of the hot
warm juices so recently ejaculated into her.

Andy was still working on Lisa's teats, even though he was aware that the couple
behind him had finally cum to exhaustion; he was afraid to stop until he was
ordered.`

At last Karl and Greta seemed satisfied.

'Stop!'

Andy reluctantly pulled away from Lisa's teats, still swollen from his efforts,
and extremely sensitive to the cool air swirling around them.

'You, slave Ken, will release your slut from her sweet bonds, and you, slave
Andy will release your slut and help her to stand up again.'

As they were commanded, the two male slaves started on their tasks.

Karen was more easily unstrapped and she stood at last, shakily, but
nevertheless upright, naked and sweating, with cum running liberally down her
thighs, awaiting her next command.

Andy found the controls to Lisa's suspension harness and gently lowered her to
the hard floor so that he could unstrap her and help her to stand quivering and
naked beside Karen.

'Yes, I do believe you two sluts have learned a valuable lesson her.  Slave
Lisa, you will take Karen to her cell and explain to her our little rules about
our requirements, and then show her the shower, she needs a thorough cleaning I
do believe.'  Greta  smirked, knowing that soon, Karen would see just how well
equipped her new home would be.  After all, she thought, they have cells next
door to each other, they are warm, clean and have every possible convenience.
True indeed, as Karen would find out.

The dominant pair were perhaps hard and demanding in their pleasures but at
least they took very great care of their possessions, as indeed Karen and Lisa
were soon to find out.

The girls, Lisa in front, padding in bare feet, and Karen teetering on her high
spike heels went towards their cells, towards Karen's new home.

As the girls went from view, Karl issued his command to the two males, both of
whom stood with heads bowed and erections rapidly diminishing.

'Show slave Andy his new chamber', he smiled to himself as he addressed Ken,
'and, once he is properly clean, you will prepare him for his punishment.
Mistress and I wish to have a comely maid to serve us a table tonight.'

Ken smiled happily at his Master.

'Yes, Master, I will prepare him to your tastes, I know you will be pleased!'

Andy realised from this interchange that whilst Ken might be a slave, he was
till a favorite slave and he was clearly in charge of both himself and the two
girls.

Ken led his charge towards the cells as Andy groaned to himself.

'Have I got two Masters now? What is going to happen to me now, what more can
they do to humiliate me?'





End of part 12


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 13 - Preparation


As Lisa led Karen towards her new room She took time to look at her
surroundings.  The thought of cells had filled her mind with images of cold,
dank, gloomy places, cold and unwelcoming, but here the reality was different.
The girls walked down a short corridor, the floor tiled and the walls clad with
wood panels, with a warm lighting, a little brighter than the dungeon that had
been Karen's focus for so many hours now.

At the end of the corridor, a further corridor spread out to either side, making
the plan look like a letter T.  Lisa turned to the right, speaking over her
shoulder.

'Welcome to your new quarters, I do hope you like them.  My room is the next one
along.'

Karen looked around, the floor and walls and the subdued lighting had not
changed, but towards the end of the corridor were some open doors.

Lisa paused at the first one and motioned Karen inside.  Karen felt a small
shock, if this was a cell then perhaps she should be in prison!

The room had a substantial door, that could be locked easily, and presumably by
some remote electronic device, but inside, the floor was carpeted and, luxury
indeed, there was a bed, with a full length mirror either side of it, shelves,
cupboard space and a dressing table complete with a large mirror.  As she looked
around she saw that either side of the full length mirrors along the rear wall,
there were toilet and shower facilities, but as far as she could see, no doors.

On the side adjoining Lisa's room there were a number of shutters.  Lisa pointed
to these and spoke  to Karen,

'These shutters can be opened only from the corridor or by Mistress, let me show
you', she paused and went into the corridor.

There was a whirring sound and the shutters slowly rose into the ceiling,
revealing a wall made only of neatly spaced metal bars.  On the other side,
Karen could see a room exactly like her own.  Lisa came back into the room and
continued.

'You see, when we are shut in our room, we cannot escape, but we can talk to
each other.  Sometimes Mistress allows us to have the hatch in the door open',
she pointed a small opening about 12 inches square, with its own wooden flap,
hinged on the outside.

Lisa paused and pointed up to the ceiling.

'There are video cameras everywhere and whatever we do, or say, can be seen and
recorded whenever they wish to do so.  We have no privacy here!'

Karen was shocked, she thought that at least she could have a little private
time to herself, to collect her thoughts and to come to terms with her new life.

Lisa continued, 'When I was here on my own I could call down the corridor to
Ken, his quarters are exactly the same as ours, but we couldn't visit.'

Karen looked puzzled, so Lisa continued.

'If we disobey any of the rules Master could punish us, or cane us, or even
threaten to pass us on to another, and harder, Master, so we are always
obedient.'

Karen began to look around the room, feeling the bed and sitting on it.  As she
did so she realized that this bed, like the futon she had so recently occupied,
was also liberally fitted with hooks, straps and even some short chains.

Lisa looked at her and smiled, 'Yes even here we can be in bondage if our owners
wish it.'

Karen got up and opened the tall cupboard.  As she looked her eyes opened wide;
it was full of all kinds of strange objects, all of them seeming to be made of
various combinations of leather straps and pieces of leather.

'Oh yes, ' Lisa came to her side, ' these are some of the things you will be
required to wear each day.'

Karen looked puzzled as Lisa continued.

'Mistress will instruct you how to present yourself.  I will help you if she
allows the shutters to be opened but otherwise you will have to learn fast if
you want to avoid any unnecessary punishment!'

Karen nodded and looked at the top shelf of the cupboard.  Here she saw
something that made her feel at home, something she could cope with.  There were
probably some two dozen pairs of high heeled shoes, mainly in black and in all
sorts of styles, pumps, sandals, mules, shoes with straps, shoes without straps,
but all of them with high, very high, heels.  As far as she could see there were
perhaps a few with four inch spikes but all of the others were between five and
six inches high.  She smiled, thinking of what she now classed as her 'earlier'
life, when she had her own cupboard even better stocked with shoes than here.

Lisa saw her smile and said, 'Yes, dear Karen, I thought you would approve of
those, and they will all be in your size, the Mistress is very efficient in
matters of dress!  I know how much you like them and how well you wear them.
Mistress has always been unhappy with my performance in heels.  She insists that
her slaves, her sluts, wear them ,but I always find the high ones so hard to
manage.', she paused and looked at Karen, 'How did you learn to cope so easily?'

Karen looked into Lisa's eyes and smiled sadly.

'Believe  me, Lisa, it was not easy, my husband, no, my ex-husband', she
corrected herself, 'found a very good way of training me, involving shoes and
the wooden pony.  It was not easy at first I can tell you.  I hope you never
have to learn that lesson!'

The two girls sat together on the edge of the bed and for the first time Karen
found an opportunity to place her arm around Lisa, pulling her near and, as she
did so, she held Lisa's face and kissed her full on the lips.

For the briefest moment Lisa resisted and then she melted into the soft warm
embrace as she returned the kiss.  The two girls continued kissing and gently
caressing each other until, suddenly, a bell sounded.  Karen jumped away from
Lisa with a frightened look.  Lisa got up, sadly.

'Oh, sweet Karen, that is our signal to be in our own rooms, the Mistress wants
us to be in our own beds tonight, but perhaps she will leave the shutters open.'

With one last kiss Lisa left Karen and walked the short distance down the
corridor to her own room.  As she entered her familiar surroundings, Karen heard
a slight humming noise and, turning she saw that the door to her own room had
swung shut, followed seconds later by the sound of Lisa's door shutting.

The two girls were now separated by the bars and could talk freely to each other
but could no longer embrace intimately.

'It is time for us to shower and freshen ourselves up', Lisa spoke softly, and
wait for Mistress to visit us.'

Karen nodded and walked slowly across to the shower room.




While this introduction for Karen was taking place, unheard by the girls, Ken
and Andy were making their own way to the other end of the corridor.  Andy was
perhaps not as conscious of his surroundings as Karen but he was nevertheless
quite impressed with the apparent comfort of his new home.  As they reached the
door of the room allotted to Andy, Ken turned to him and bade him enter.

Despite his embarrassment at being clad in women's heels and wearing nail
varnish and lipstick, Andy felt quite at ease with Ken.  The erections that both
men had been sporting, flaunting, for the past few hours had subsided and the
two men looked as normal as men could, bearing in mind that each was completely
devoid of body hair.

Ken showed his new partner around the room, similar in almost every way to that
now occupied by Karen, even down to the provision for bondage on and across the
bed.  As he pointed out the features to Andy, the lack of privacy, he went
briefly into the corridor and like Lisa, raised the shutters to show Andy just
how close the two men would be in this place of confinement.  Andy walked across
to the cupboard and opened it.  Unlike the one that Karen had explored just a
few brief moments earlier this one had only a few leather based items, but it
did have a wide and varied range of female clothing, all, it seemed, in sizes to
fit the more masculine figure of Andy.  On the top shelf there was a selection
of heeled shoes, not as high as those so recently admired by his former lover,
but still including some with heels as high as three inches, more than enough,
Andy thought, to prevent him from walking at all.

Ken spoke, disturbing Andy's thinking.

'And over here, my friend, is the dressing table, and here, and here and here,
'Ken opened little drawers and pulled each out in turn, 'you will find all of
the makeup, the cosmetics that you will need.'

Andy looked blankly across at Ken, who continued.

'Oh yes, oh yes indeed, you are going to become a new slave for our owners, and
I shall instruct you, so now think of yourself as a house slave!'

Andy was shocked, shaken to the core; what was happening to him?

Ken continued instructing his new charge.

'You will strip off, remove that makeup and then shower and freshen up before I
help prepare you to serve your owners at table.'

Too bemused to argue, or even speak, Andy removed his only 'clothes', the heels
and the straps around his cock and dutifully entered the shower.

'If you wish I can help you in there!', Ken called.

Tempted almost to accept, Andy made himself speak.

'No, thank you, I think I can manage quite well by myself.'

Ken smiled, he had heard similar responses in the past and he knew that he would
enjoy training this relatively innocent man to serve his owners, and, if he were
really lucky, himself as well.

Rinsing himself, Andy stepped out of the shower and began towelling vigorously.

As he towelled himself Andy walked into the bedroom area, looking at Ken
curiously.

'What do I have to do now', he asked, 'do you tell me or do I have to wait for
the Master?'

Ken stood back and admired Andy's lean muscular and sun-tanned body.

He smiled and told Andy 'Well, first of all you have to re-varnish your nails,
then do your eyes and lipstick!'

Andy was shocked, he thought that the use of cosmetics was just a brief
interlude to humiliate him in front of Karen, but it seemed that he was destined
to go even further.

'I have selected the shade you have to wear to serve the Master and Mistress',
Ken pushed a bottle, and lipstick in a bright red color towards Andy, 'very
fetching, do you think?'

Andy was embarrassed but did not argue; he began his task, carefully painting
his nails, toes then fingers.  It was a task that he was as yet unaccustomed to,
and he was a little slow and clumsy but any mistakes he made were spotted and
drawn to his attention by Ken, who kept a close watch on every move.
Finally the varnish was applied to Ken's satisfaction and then he told Andy to
mascara his lashes and apply the lipstick.

Despite his initial feelings of embarrassment, of humiliation, Andy could not
deny to himself that he rather liked this new sensation, and, perhaps
unsurprisingly, his cock began to thicken yet again.

Ken noted the effect on Andy and thought to himself again that Andy would turn
out to be an excellent new member of the household.

Andy finished his lips and stood in front of Ken.

'Is that alright?  Will I do for the Master now?'

'Yes, now all you need are some clothes to wear an you will be ready to perform
your duties.'

Andy felt a little re-assured then, despite the makeup, at least he would have
some clothes on.

'Here you are, wear these and you are ready to go to work!'

 Ken threw some black hose, garter belt and what appeared to be an apron onto
the bed, before he turned round and selected a pair of black shoes with higher
heels than Andy had ever worn.  They were only three inches but to someone
unaccustomed to heels they could just as well have been six or seven inches
high.

Andy carefully laid the sheer hose on the bed and sat down crossing his legs and
carefully beginning to slip the smooth sheer material over his painted toes, and
slowly and carefully drawing it up his shaven leg.  He felt suddenly quite
aroused at the sensuous feel of the material and, despite himself, despite being
watch by the still naked Ken, he felt his cock begin to grow a little a little
more, to thicken and partially erect itself.

He managed to draw the silken hose over his knee and then began to insert his
other foot into the remaining stocking, drawing that one up his smooth leg until
it was above his knee.  He could feel his cock hardening while he performed
this, for him quite new, simple process.  He had no choice but to stand up and
pull each stocking as far up his thighs as they would go.

There was no hiding his erection from Ken, who said nothing but nevertheless
smiled to himself briefly before he finally spoke.

'You are careless, Andy, you forgot the garter belt.  Women always fit that
first and then they can easily clip their stockings.  Get on with it!'.

Andy as a little embarrassed by his foolish error but quickly adjusted the
skimpy black lace belt around his waist, letting the suspenders dangle down his
thighs.  He recalled watching Karen perform this operation so many times but to
him it still seemed to be so difficult, but, despite his fumbling fingers he
managed to clip each stocking and smooth them down his thighs.  He stood upright
to admire his appearance in the mirror and surprised h himself at the size of
his erection surmounting the sheer black material.

'You seem to enjoy wearing those, it seems, perhaps you had better slip the
shoes on and complete your dressing.', Ken offered his advice to Andy who
immediately moved over to the waiting heels.

He was no longer surprised to find that the shoes were a perfect fit for his
male feet, everything here had been planned in advance for his arrival and
everything seemed almost inevitable.  He pushed his nylon clad, painted toes
into the heels in turn and found that despite the flimsy appearance of the strap
across the toes, and around his ankle, they were quite comfortable to fit and to
tighten up.

Not so easy to walk in!

Three inch heels for most women would be perfectly easy, a natural everyday
event, but for someone more accustomed to more robust, more solid, footwear the
challenge of wearing such flimsy shoes was daunting.  However after a few steps
he found that in fact he could manage quite well; what he could not manage, what
he could not conceal, was the erection that still bobbed in front of him, the
reaction that felt so good.

'Just walk around the room for me, and then you may stroke your apology of a
cock that seems to please itself.'  Ken was perhaps a little unkind in his
comparison, because Andy was in fact perhaps a little bigger than average,
something he was proud of, in that vain way that men  have, but, compared with
Ken, he was definitely smaller!

He walked around the room a couple of times then stopped and, standing in front
of the mirror once again, admired his scantily clad self, while he began to
stroke his cock slowly.

'I think you should stop that, now!  Master has not given you permission to
pleasure yourself has he?'

Andy stopped and apologized.

'Sorry, but I could not help myself!'
#
Ken moved across the room and spoke quietly in Andy's ear.

'I understand, but I do not need permission!  Here, let me help you!!!'

Andy felt a sudden thrill as he felt a strong masculine hand grasp his throbbing
member.

'Stand with your head bowed, your legs apart and your hands behind your back,
like a good slave.'

His feelings were confused, only a few short days earlier and he would have felt
revulsion at another man touching his cock, let alone masturbating him, but now,
after being introduced to Karl and his ways, his feelings were different.

'Oh yes, yes yes', he breathed as Ken quickened his strokes.

Andy had to admit to himself that it felt good, very good, to have another man
stoke him, perhaps, he thought, it was the same for us men as it supposedly is
for women.  Karen had often told him that only a woman knew how to properly
satisfy another woman; perhaps the same was true for men as well.

His thought processes became a blur as Ken expertly stroked his cock bringing
him nearer and nearer to orgasm.

Suddenly the hand stopped as Ken moved around in front of him, and then knelt
down with his face near, oh so near, to his throbbing reddened member.

'We must not make any mess must we?', Ken looked up at Andy who could only
mumble in reply.

'No, of course not!'

Without any more delay Ken moved nearer and expertly began to suck the swollen
head into his mouth, using his tongue and teeth to excite Andy even more.

Karen had given him some superb thrills as she sucked him, but this time, this
time with Ken, was very different!  It was a man sucking him, but not sucking
him.  More like, he thought, he is fucking me with his mouth. Yes, Ken thought
again, he is fucking me, and I am letting him.  The pleasure intensified as he
felt himself near and nearer to cumming.

Then, almost without any warning he felt himself erupting, spurting deep into
Ken's waiting mouth.  Even as his cum spurted, Ken continued his sucking and
licking making Andy beg him to stop. At last Ken pulled away, leaving Andy
gasping still with pleasure, his face flushed and his cock slowly subsiding.

'There, that was pretty good, don't you think?', Ken asked, and continued before
Andy could reply, 'We shall do that again when the Master requests, his guests
would enjoy seeing us together you know!'

Andy was too shocked to respond.  Whatever he and Karen had got themselves
involved in was beyond his imagination, but regardless, the pleasures he had
had, and still was experiencing, made all of his inhibitions disappear.

'Time to get dressed properly, don't forget your cock strap, pull it nice and
tight,'  Ken ordered his companion. 'unless you want me to help you. And then
you can put your apron on and follow me.'

Andy looked confused, as the only clothing he could see was the short frilly
apron, black with lace edges, very definitely in the style of the French Maid of
his teenage fantasies.

'Is this all?'

'Oh, yes indeed, that is what any good servant wears in this house!'

Andy felt something in the pocket of the apron and felt the outline of what
appeared to be some clothespins.

'What are these for?', he asked, hoping they were a mistake but fearing the
worst.

'Oh my, you have to ask?  Just do not do anything wrong or you may feel some
extra punishment!', Ken answered, smiling at the thought of the hapless Andy
clad in heels, apron and clothespins clipped to some of his sensitive flesh.

With that Ken led his charge along the corridor and back into the main part of
the house.  On the way towards the dining room, Andy looked into an open room
and saw a bank of monitors showing, he felt sure, two naked girls in some sort
of embrace.  Could that be Karen and Lisa in their room?  No doubt he would find
out sooner or later, but with Ken urging him on he had no time to stand and
stare.

Finally, Ken reached the door of the dining room, and, stepping inside, gestured
Andy to follow him.  Greta and Karl were sat at opposite ends of a large table,
looking expectantly at the new arrivals, the naked Ken and the scantily clad
Andy.

'Master, Mistress, may I present to you, your new maid', Kensmiled broadly

'Slave Andrea!'





End of part 13


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 14 - Discipline


Andy blushed as heard Ken announce him as Andrea.  He had never thought of 
himself in that way although he had had fantasies where he had been forcibly 
dressed as a woman, as a girl.  Now that the fantasy was reality he was not 
so sure.  As the thoughts raced through his head he was startled when Karl 
called him across.

'Now, my dear!', more embarrassment, 'show me what's under your pretty 
apron.'

Andy/Andrea dutifully lifted the skimpy apron to reveal his manhood, tightly 
strapped and slightly erect.  As he felt the eyes of his owners on him he 
felt an undeniable thrill and, as had often happened before, he could not 
control his cock from stiffening a little more.

'Excellent, my dear, quite the exhibitionist' Karl spoke across to his wife, 
'he is doing well here.  Let us hope he is as good serving at table.'

With that he gestured Andy across to the side of the room where a fine array 
of food was neatly stored.  It was strange that even though they had been in 
the house for some time, even though they had been fed well, neither he nor 
Karen had ever seen any other staff except Ken and Lisa.  Staff, that is, in 
the more conventional sense.

Greta sensed his confusion and explained.

'Andrea, my dear, our other servants prepare the food, and do the menial 
tasks around our home, but you and our other slaves are very special and you 
will always remain that way.  Remember that you and your lover will serve us 
in very special ways!'

Andy looked at the Mistress and murmured his thanks but he was stopped 
immediately.

'When you are in here serving us you will behave like a true maid, a curtsy 
perhaps, or, and I like it better, you may answer with 'Yes Ma'am' or 'Yes 
Sir'. Is that clear?'

Andy nodded and, feeling that a curtsy was beyond him, murmured an abject 
'Yes Ma'am' and proceeded to serve the meal.

The meal proceeded uneventfully apart from dropping some cutlery on the 
floor.  As soon as he did so, Karl stood up and shouted.

'Come here you useless little slut.'

Andy came to stand in front of the Master and waited.

'Give me one of those clips in your pocket', now Andy knew that the clips he 
had found earlier were there for a purpose, 'and lift your apron.'

Andy offered a clip to the Master and lifted his apron.

'There, that should remind you', Karl none too gently clipped Andy's 
scrotum, 'to perform properly.  Every mistake you make will be punished, and 
we have plenty of places to use for these little beauties!'

'Yes Sir, thank you Sir', Andy responded in the best, the safest, way that 
he could think of.

By the end of the meal he was wearing three scrotum clips and one nipple 
clip, all of which felt quite uncomfortable, but, considering that he had 
found a dozen or more in his pocket, Andy felt that he had got off pretty 
lightly.

Karl and Greta finally stood up and left the table.

'Come with us Andrea, we have something you should look at, you may learn 
something from it!'

As they led the way down the corridor Andy followed several paces behind 
with his head bowed in a manner that he  thought reflected his new lowly 
status.  When they stopped and turned into a room, Andy was surprised to see 
that it was the one he had peered into earlier.

Once he was inside it became clear that the whole of one wall was covered 
with television monitors.  In front of them was a comprehensive control 
console that allowed the user, (or users), to select any one of several 
dozen cameras and control and zoom and focus them at will.  On an adjoining 
wall there was a bank of video recorders and it was quite clear that Karl 
had taken full advantage of some of the sophisticated products that his many 
companies designed and built.

As Greta and her husband took their places at the console they gestured Andy 
to stand between and slightly behind them.

'Now, look at these screens and you will be pleasantly surprised', Greta 
turned to him, 'at how much we can see and hear.'

As she spoke she turned back to the console and selected the picture from 
one of the monitors and switched it to the main screen in the center of the 
wall.  With a few deft clicks and button pushes Andy could see that this was 
a color view of what could only be Karen's new cage, her new home.  What 
shocked him was the sight of her, quite naked, standing against some bars 
with her arms pushed through them and held tightly around another naked 
girl, who could only be Lisa.

Greta adjusted another switch and sounds could be heard clearly.  Whatever 
Lisa was doing was not quite clear as her hands were covered by Karen's 
naked body but it seemed that one hand could be caressing a breast and the 
other almost certainly was feeling, stroking, between Karen's slightly 
parted legs.  Whatever was going on it was apparent that Karen was a more 
than willing recipient of Lisa's attention.

The sound of heavy breathing could be clearly heard in the room and all 
three watched in silent concentration.

Suddenly a voice, Karen's voice without doubt, could be heard.

'Please, please, now!  Don't stop!  I'm going to cum again!  I'm cumming 
sooooooon!'  As she spoke she stood slightly away from Lisa.  It was clear 
that she was being masturbated by Lisa who evidently had been working her 
fingers in and out of Karen's wet warm folds for some time.  Even from the 
angle of the camera it was clear that Lisa's fingers were wet, very wet, 
with Karen's juices.

Suddenly Lisa changed her action and concentrated on the undoubtedly 
sensitive clitoris she had in her grasp.  Karen wriggled and squirmed but 
made no effort to pull away from Lisa's fast moving fingers.

'Oh god, yesssss, yesssssss, yes!  Cummmmmmmmminnnnnnng!   Oh yes, so good, 
so good!'  Karen was shuddering in her orgasm blissfully unaware that she 
was being observed.

'Oh yes!', Greta broke the silence in the viewing room, 'Those girls will be 
punished later, they did not have permission to play with each other or to 
pleasure each other until they cum.  We will study the tapes later and then 
decide on an appropriate punishment.'

With that she flicked a switch and the picture on the main display faded, 
leaving only the smaller monitor image.

Andy could see that all of the cameras were active and clearly it was 
impossible for anyone to move around the house and especially around the 
dungeon and the cage area without every movement, every sound being 
recorded.

'Now, the real reason why we brought you here.  What you have just seen was 
a bonus for you, but the real purpose is this.'

Karl addressed Andy as he operated some switches on his control panel.  The 
main screen lit up again and the whirring of a video recorder could be 
heard.  The image brightened to show a small room furnished only with a 
couple of soft chairs and an adjustable frame, clearly intended for 
restraining and positioning the occupant in any way that may be required.

Karl pressed a switch and the image froze as the tape was set on 'Hold'.

'In a moment you will see your companion, slave Ken being brought into our 
special discipline room to be punished for some offence, which need not 
concern you.  What I want you to observe, and learn from , is how he 
receives his punishment, how he responds.'

He paused and stared intently at Andy.

'It is in your own interest to learn and learn quickly because this is how 
all of our slaves are expected to behave when they are being punished', he 
glanced at his wife, who smiled at him, 'and punished you most certainly 
will be!'

Greta continued, staring at Andy with an evil glint in her eye.

'Look very carefully Andrea, be sure that you will be tested very soon 
indeed'

There was a click as the tape was restarted and the image cleared and 
sharpened as two people walked into the field of view, the two people, Andy 
thought, who now owned him in every sense of the word.  Following them was a 
naked Ken, head bowed, but even in this situation his manhood still showed 
signs of tumescence, of swelling, though through anticipation or through 
recent manipulation it was not possible to tell.

Voices came from the speakers as he was instructed.

'Stand against the frame while I strap you in position.'

Karl walked across to Ken who had obediently spread his legs wide and his 
arms over his head.  With swift and practised movements Karl strapped Ken 
tightly to the frame and then he went over to some controls which had the 
effect of pulling Ken even more spread-eagled and then bending him over so 
that his bare, unprotected ass was positioned as the main focus of 
attention.

Karl walked out of view and quickly returned with what appeared to be a 
broad leather strap, with the end slit into three or four broad fingers.

'Yes, today we will use the tawse on you, I feel that is an appropriate 
little friend for you!'

Ken looked apprehensively at the leather device.

'It never did me any harm when I was at school y'know', Karl gloated as his 
wife smirked, 'as a matter of fact I rather enjoyed it as a young lad!'

Clearly re-living some old, and not unpleasant, memories he turned to his 
wife and enquired

'How many is it this time?'

'Well, my dear, he was not too naughty was he, so I suppose twenty-five will 
be sufficient to remind him of his place here.'

'Hmmm, very well', Karl was clearly disappointed, 'I suppose that's all he 
will get then!'

The camera zoomed into to give a closer view of Ken's tight bare ass, 
leaving Karl on one side of the picture while his wife was no longer 
visible.

'Ready are you then?' he enquired.

Ken replied instantly.

'Yes sir, please punish me. I deserve to be punished for my offence.  Please 
punish me hard Sir.'

Andy began taking mental notes, he knew that had to learn quickly. Despite 
his situation, nearly naked and clad in female clothes, the scene he was 
watching had an effect on his ever eager cock which he could not control.  
He felt that an erection was inevitable, stimulated as he was by the sight 
before him.  Nevertheless he was worried that one of his owners would notice 
and punish him for that indiscretion.

Thwack!

Karl struck his first blow!

'Thank you Sir, one Sir!'  Ken responded as a red glow spread slowly over 
his naked ass.

'Thank you Sir, two Sir!'

The punishment continued and Andy felt his excitement, his erection, growing 
greater as every blow landed.  Ken kept up his response until after the 
fifth blow, the fifth hard blow.  Then his response changed.

'Thank you Sir, five Sir!  Please punish me more, please strike me harder 
Sir.'

Andy was shocked at hearing Ken beg for harder punishment. Surely it was 
enough that he was getting already, but obviously he had a lot to learn

'Thank you Sir, six Sir!'

Karl continued the punishment relentlessly.

'Thank you Sir, ten Sir! Please punish me more, please strike me harder 
Sir.'

Andy began to understand.  As a slave Ken had properly to thank his Master 
for every blow, but as an added refinement he also had to beg for more 
punishment after every five blows.  By now the formerly pale and slightly 
tanned ass was glowing a bright red, as red, Andy thought, as the end of his 
cock which was throbbing proudly under his silken apron.  Despite the 
apparent severity of the treatment he noticed that although Ken had a nice 
blush to his nether regions, there were no cuts, no blood had been drawn and 
it seemed probable that no severe bruises had been caused.  The punishment 
continued relentlessly.

At last, 'Thank you Sir, twenty four Sir'

'Thank you Sir, twenty five Sir!  Thank you Sir for punishing me, I know I 
deserve more from you, please give me at least one more blow!' Ken begged 
for a final stripe across his ass.

Karl looked at his wife and handed the tawse to her.

'Here, my dear, you may give him one last kiss!'

Greta stood in position and lifting her arm high she brought the leather 
down on the unmoving Ken as hard as she could.

'Thank you Ma'am, thank you very much indeed!'

Andy was aware that he had been holding his breath and he let it out 
sharply, causing Greta to look at him.

'Oh my, what have we here?'

She lifted his apron and exposed a full, swollen cock.

'Methinks you rather enjoyed that.  I wonder how you will react to the sweet 
kiss of leather?'

Karl turned round and without hesitation reached forward and grabbed the 
rigid pole and began to stroke it.

'Shall I help you cum.?  What do you think my dear?', he addressed his wife, 
who shook her head and calmly removed his hand from Andy's cock.

'No, let him suffer the frustration, it is no more than he deserves. Time 
enough for such pleasures later.'

They returned their attention to the screen where the tape had continued 
running.  Karl had walked across to the frame and made some adjustments that 
returned it to its original position before he unstrapped the hapless Ken.  
As he turned round Andy was shocked, amazed, to see that his cock, far from 
being limp and useless after the severe thrashing was in full and proud 
erection.

Greta turned her gaze from the screen and looked at Andy

'You see, he rather enjoyed that!  I'm sure you too will become a worthy 
companion and slave to the leather.'

She turned back to the screen as Karls voice echoed from the speakers.  His 
screen image looked directly at Ken and nodded.

'You may pleasure yourself now and then you will clean up your mess 
properly!'

Ken looked relieved.  'Yes, thank you Sir, thank you!'

With that he held his rigid cock, his hand covering less than half the 
length of the swollen flesh and began to masturbate, slowly at first and 
then, as his excitement grew, his hand moved faster and faster.

'Arrrrrrghh!'

Great globs of semen, of creamy white cum, spouted from the mushroom head, 
over his hand and on to the floor.

'Thank you Sir, thank you for allowing me to cum!'

With that Karl turned and moved out of camera shot, whilst in the control 
room he took one last look at his image on screen and switched the tape off 
and let the monitor fade back to blackness.

'You see, slave Andy, hah, slave Andrea, if you are good and learn your 
lessons well you will always be rewarded!'  Greta once again took control of 
the room.  'And of course you noticed that even though slave Ken was well 
beaten he will not be permanently marked.  We never believe in excessive 
pain in this establishment, we never break the flesh and we never draw 
blood, nor leave nor any permanent or long lasting marks.'

Andy mentally drew a sigh of relief.  He could understand the concept of 
pain, of pleasure, and the sweet combination of both as the ultimate 
sensation, but he had never understood the need for the more extreme 
punishments that left the unfortunate recipient broken and bleeding.

'Now, we will have to decide your punishment for your errors at table this 
evening. What do you think my dear?'  Greta looked at her husband who 
shrugged his shoulders in apparent disinterest.

'Oh well, we will deal with you later, perhaps a couple of kisses will 
suffice as this is your first time, but be warned we will not be as lenient 
in future.'

Karl pressed a button on the console and spoke into a microphone that Andy 
had not noticed earlier.

'Slave Ken, come here and collect Andrea.  Take her back to her cell and 
prepare her for tomorrow.'

Within a few minutes a naked Ken arrived at the door and beckoned Andy to 
follow him.  Greta looked up at the bank of monitors and watched the two men 
make their way back to their respective cells.  Andy was clearly trying to 
relieve himself in some way as his hand was constantly under his apron but 
he was also trying to shield himself from a camera, any camera, that may see 
him.

Greta smiled at his amateurish behavior, she knew that all of the cameras 
were well concealed and it would take a very close and detailed examination 
so spot any one of them.  Anyway, she thought, let the wretch have his 
pleasure, his orgasm, his forbidden orgasm.  That could easily be added to 
the list of errors and faults and would make his subsequent punishment all 
the more enjoyable to administer.

She shook her head and turned to her silent husband.

'Well, my dear, that went quite well I think.  Now, about those two girls, 
behaving like that without permission.  We need to consider how we can best 
punish them, how can we discipline them.  Perhaps we can incorporate it into 
our next training session!'

Karl smiled in happy anticipation.





End of part 14


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 15 - Preparation


After a restful sleep, Karen awoke, feeling refreshed and almost, not quite, but
almost, ready to face whatever the day ahead would bring.  As there was no
natural lighting in the cell area she had no idea of the actual time, but she
was aware that at some time the general lighting had dimmed until the room was
almost completely black, but now, the light had gradually increased in intensity
to a gentle warm glow, exactly like the post dawn glow on a clear summers day.

At some time during her sleep the screen between her room and Lisa's room had
closed, as silently as it had been raised earlier.  For the first time for many
hours Karen felt that she was alone, and having some time solely for herself.

The room was warm and the absence of any bed cover other than the smooth, cool,
cotton sheet upon which she lay did not make her feel cold or uncomfortable;
indeed, the temperature in the room was just perfect for her, not too hot, not
too cold.  Wherever the air conditioning machinery was sited, it was silent in
operation.  The whole 'guest' complex, cells and dungeon, (as indeed it seemed
to be), must have been very expensive to build and to maintain, but, Karl was in
all senses of the word, a very rich man.

Stretching and turning on to her back Karen felt very much at ease with the
world and with herself.  The feeling of warmth and the solitude combined to give
her some sensual stimulation.  Her mind was still active with recollections of
her sweet caresses with Lisa before they retired to their own beds.  There was
no doubt that she and Lisa had fallen for each other, and she had already found
that Lisa was a sweet and gentle lover.  Her magical caresses had served only to
excite Karen more and more and, for the first time since meeting her first girl
friend, before her ill fated marriage, she had felt a depth of excitement that
was almost beyond control, an arousal that served only to demand more and more
stimulation.   As her thoughts re-lived the pleasures of Lisa, her hands began
to wander.  Her left hand gently cupped her right breast and teased and stroked
it, focusing on the firm dark nipple as her fingers slowly pinched and gently
pulled it into an erect engorged cherry.  As always, any kind of self
stimulation of her breasts and nipples had an inevitable effect on her lower
regions.  Her other hand slowly found its way between her legs and her
forefinger slowly began to probe between the two smooth and swelling lips until,
slick with her juices, it rubbed gently on her clitoris.

Karen rapidly lost any sense of caution, any awareness that she may be observed
by camera or microphone, and began playing with her breast and clit more
vigorously.  She adjusted her position on the bed and moved the pillow under her
head so that she could easily look down her smooth naked body.  She looked at
her heavy breasts, no, dammit, she thought, her tits!, and gently eased her
right breast, her right tit, until the nipple was in easy reach of her tongue.

At last!

At long last!

Karen had always enjoyed playing with herself and sucking and licking her own
sensitive teat was almost guaranteed to give her an orgasm at any time.  As her
tongue flicked the end of her nipple her other hand was beginning to flick
across her clit, to strum it and arouse it even more from its sheath.  Karen was
rapidly approaching an orgasm, a sweet and fulfilling cum.  Deliberately she
concentrated her efforts on her right tit and her clit.  This time, as she
sometimes did, she was determined to leave her left breast alone, a form of
deprivation that was, in a perverse way, almost as arousing as if she had pulled
and squeezed it.  Equally, she was determined to concentrate on her clit and
resist the almost unbearable urge to insert one, two, three, four or even all
five fingers in her wet, no, soaking, cunt.  She was determined to achieve her
orgasm solely by playing with one nipple and her clit.  After all there would be
other times when she could explore her other tit, and thrust her wet and
versatile fingers deep into herself.

'Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Mmmmmmmmmmm!'

Karen couldn't help herself as the waves of pleasure overcame her.  Despite the
first rush of pleasure she continued to finger herself and suck furiously on her
reddened and swollen nipple.

'Ohhhhh yesss yesssssss!'

Finally she stopped her fingering, overcome at last with her orgasm.





Meanwhile, in the room so recently visited by Andy, Greta was sat on her own,
her eyes glued to the main screen, the speakers turned to full volume, as she
watched the performance that Karen was unwittingly giving her Mistress.

Greta watched in silence, her face flushed and her hand pushed between her
thighs as she stroked herself in time with Karen.  As Karen finally came with a
last shudder and gasp, so too did  Greta.  And, like her unwitting slave, Greta
too gave voice to her pleasure, even louder than Karen.  But in her case, as the
room was totally soundproof, no one else had any idea of her solitary pleasure.

As Karen gently subsided into a slowly recovering, slightly quivering, form on
her open bed, Greta reached over and switched off the video recorder.  As she
did so she thought to herself that this would be a useful display to introduce
Karen to some of her future owners.

Owners?

Perhaps, Greta thought, temporary owners would be a better phrase.  At this
stage Karen, and indeed Andy, were quite unaware that Karl and Greta had plans
to use them both, especially Karen, to provide erotic performances for their
party guests.  Apart from that, they were both needed to act as models,
demonstrators, for the range of bondage products that Karl supplied to various
members of the 'community'.  The couple were well known amongst fellow
enthusiasts for the quality and ingenuity of their 'equipment' and there was
always a demand for new and better devices.

Karl always felt that 'live' demonstrations were a superior way of selling the
various items and, in any case, some of his customers wanted to devise their own
little pieces of apparatus.  What could be better than to have an available and
versatile female slave so that their wishes could be explored in a real life
situation.

Greta recovered quickly from her orgasm, after all, she had work to do!

She stood up and walked down the corridor to the slave quarters.  First she
looked in at each of the male slaves.  Both were still asleep, naked and
uncovered.  Ken was curled on his side and in a deep sleep; he had adapted well
to the life he now led and sleep came easily to him.  Andy was on his back, and,
although he was clearly asleep, he was sporting a strong erection. 

'Ah me', Greta mused, 'men are all the same.  Even when they are asleep all they
ever think about is their cock.'

She was well aware that her husband almost inevitably woke every morning with an
erection, but she was never sure whether his protestations that it was the
pressure of his full bladder on his prostate that caused it or whether he was
harboring some unspoken erotic thoughts.  In any event, as she almost always had
the benefit of the rigid member before he made his way to the bathroom, the real
reason was of no importance.  She was getting pleasure and that was all that
mattered.

With those thoughts in her mind she moved down the corridor and looked in on
Lisa.  Lisa was stirring but despite some evident arousal, as demonstrated by
her hardened nipples, her hands were nowhere near her erogenous areas.  Clearly
she had learned her lessons well in the past.

Moving on to Karen's cell, Greta looked through the observation window, actually
a one way mirror, and saw that since she had left the control area, Karen had
sat up on the edge of her bed but was gently stroking and cupping her heavy
tits.  Even as she watched, Karen lifted first, the right, and then the left
tit, until she could flick her swollen nipples with her tongue.

Greta watched this little performance for while and then she moved to her room
at the center of the corridor.  It was only a small room but it housed most of
the remote controls needed in the slave quarters and also  a simple monitor and
microphone set-up.  Selecting the switch to activate the speakers in Karen's
room, she spoke quietly but firmly.

'Good morning, slave Karen!'

On the screen she could see Karen look up in confusion at the voice intruding on
her pleasures.  She let her tits fall from her hands and looked around.

'I do hope you are ready for a busy day ahead.  It is time for you to shower and
prepare yourself.  After your meal is delivered you will make sure you are clean
and then you will dress in.....let me see.....yes, shoes.  Yes, shoe number 15
from your shelf, and dress, yes I like this, you will wear dress 23. That is all
for the moment.  I shall expect you to be ready within one hour!'.

Karen was confused at first but slowly things became clearer to her.

Food!  Yes, so that was what the hatch in the side wall was for.  She went over
to it and tried to lift the door.  This time it opened easily, so it must have
been locked in some way when she last tried it.  Inside was a tray with a
complete breakfast, beautifully served.  'Just like room service, I like it!'
Karen thought, as she helped herself.

Once she had placed the tray on her small table she considered her other
instructions.  The shower area she knew about, but the shoes, the clothes?  She
walked over to the closet and looked at the top shelf where all of the shoes
were stored, slender heels facing outwards.  Now she realised that the shoes
were sorted roughly by heel size, from four inches to what must be a full seven
inches, the color varying occasionally from black to red.

'Ah, yes!'

On the left hand side the smallest heels, (small in the sense that four inches
was smaller than seven inches), were numbered from '1' to, on the far right,
where the highest, spikiest heels were, number '30'.

She looked down at the clothes shelves, and drawers.  There was no clear system,
or at least not immediately clear, but she could see that the outfits, mainly
concoctions in leather straps and thongs, were numbered from '1' to '25'.

She paused and decided to eat her meal in case it was taken from her, and then
she could shower before she got dressed, if dressed was in fact the appropriate
description for the minimal attire that she could see.

Her meal complete, Karen padded over to the shower area and luxuriated in the
hot warm needles, as she slowly soaped her smooth body; she paid especial
attention, as she always did, to her smooth shaven pubes, before she devoted
more time to working up a generous lather over and around her ample breasts.

Karen had always enjoyed this part of her washing routine and she saw no reason
for changing that even in her new circumstances.  She spent several minutes
lathering, stroking and rubbing her breasts, squeezing them together, lifting
them and letting them fall to their natural slightly pendulous state before she
reluctantly stood again under the warm jets and cleaned herself completely.

She stepped out and, again wondering at the quality of the accommodation, picked
up a large towel and dried herself.

Freshly cleaned and lightly perfumed, Karen moved back towards the closet and
selected the chosen clothing.

Shoes number fifteen?

Karen reached up and saw that this pair was in black, always a favorite color,
and had just a single thin thong across the toes and another, single strap from
above the spike heel which fastened around the ankle.   Wearing these would be
almost the same as being quite bare footed, apart from the five inch heel. Karen
held the shoes and stroked them approvingly.  She always found that playing
with, fondling almost, any spike heel was always arousing always pleasurable.

She then checked the lower shelves until she found 'dress' twenty-three.

Now this was confusing, she thought, how on earth do I wear this?  Still
wondering she walked back to the bed and sat down, shoes in one hand and the
leather contraption in the other.

As she spread the straps across the bed it became clear to her what she had to
do.  She slowly stood up and began to arrange the narrow straps around her naked
flesh.  Slowly, as each piece was arranged, Karen could see the intention.  A
narrow strap went around her waist and from it two straps went down, between her
legs and up between the firmly rounded globes of her shapely butt to fasten on
to the waist strap.  She buckled these into place and it seemed that the correct
arrangement was to hold her labia apart, completely exposing her clitoris and
her soft, moist, inner lips and flesh, whilst at the back, the effect was to
part her rounded cheeks giving them a greater fullness.

Above the waist another strap fastened under her breasts, their natural fullness
allowing them to drop, to droop, to sag, over the strap.  From this strap two
vertical straps, fitted with metal rings, were designed to pull up and across
her nipples, leaving the nipples exposed, framed only by the metal ring, some
two inches in diameter, before continuing over her shoulder and fastening at the
back.   Once all of the straps were fastened it was clear what the designer
intended.

Her moist labia were pulled apart and could not fall back to cover her clitoris
and her ass was held exposed and rounded,  Her tits were lifted and held firmly
with her full nipples neatly framed, and fully exposed, by the metal rings.

Now for her shoes, which by their very simplicity were easy to fit.

She slipped her smooth bare feet into each one and tightened the strap around
her ankles.  Admiring the contrast between her red-painted nails and the soft,
black, leather thong, she stood up and walked slowly across the room.  Being
used to heels the height was not a problem and, despite being on her own, she
felt quite aroused by both the shoes and the leather garment she was wearing. It
was quite clear that, whatever else she would do that day, she would not be
dressed for 'normal' activities.






Greta had been watching her progress on the monitor and reluctantly turned away
and walked towards Karen's cell.  As she unfastened the door, Karen turned and
faced her.

'Good morning Ma'am'.  Karen had thought carefully on how she should address her
Mistress and this, it seemed had been a good start.

'Good morning again, slave Karen.  Walk in front of me and we will go to the
dungeon again.  You have more training to undergo today.'

Greta stood behind the naked Karen and watched as the thong clad body swayed
before her on those delightful heels.

'Oh, yes indeed, she will be wanted by everybody!'  Greta murmured almost
inaudibly.

As the couple progressed along the corridor, Karl was already waiting in his
seat in the dungeon.  He had brought in  a new device that he wanted to test, to
experiment with, before he demonstrated it to his fellow enthusiasts at their
next gathering.

He sat there thinking of how he would enjoy his work as the door opened. Behind
him he heard the clicking, the erotic clicking in fact, of a pair of spike
heeled shoes.  He knew that his wife had decided to offer Karen for the test to
check how she would endure the new device and he was looking forward to finding
out just how much she could take.  Wondering, indeed, just how much pleasure he
could devise from his apparatus and how long he could keep Karen on the edge of
orgasm.

Both he and his wife took an especial pleasure in prolonging the orgasms of
their slaves.  Seeing them desperate, begging, for release was in itself a
pleasure to them both and by the time they finally allowed the grateful slave
their relief the resulting orgasm was, without exception, always explosive in
its intensity.

'Stand over there my dear', Greta pointed across the room as Karen dutifully
teetered her way.  'Stand by the metal frame, if that is what you can call it.'

Karen moved next to a shiny and complicated looking contraption.  She had no
doubt that it's main function was to hold some poor soul, no doubt herself, in
bondage.  However, the purpose of the assorted bars, some bare metal and others
padded, combined with various loops and attachments, and a few straps and chains
already in place was less clear.

'Now, my dear', Karl addressed the barely clad Karen, 'you are going to try out
this new equipment for me.  I hope you enjoy the experience, but, no matter,
whether you do or not, I know that we both will'.  He smiled at his wife.


'Now, listen carefully, this is what I want you to do.'





End of Part 15


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 16 - Apparatus


Karen listened attentively as her Master gave his instructions.

'You are going to display this delightful apparatus to some very good fiends of
mine.  You will stroke each part of it, each metal tube, each chain, each clip,
each leather strap, as if it was the most exciting thing you have ever touched. 
You are going to play with it, set it in different positions.  You are going to
do nothing less than make love to it!'

Karen was quite shocked.  While she certainly enjoyed the sensuous feel of
leather, always, of course her shoes, but also the smooth leather straps and
thongs that had formed such a significant part of her life, both during and
after her marriage, she had never felt quite that degree of intimacy for other
inanimate objects.

Still her Master had told her and she knew she had to obey him; for whatever
reason she was beginning to feel that she would willingly do whatever she was
told.  Perhaps that was a form of love, or at the very least, a strong
attraction.

Greta's voice shook her out of her reverie.

'Slut Karen, do as you were told, and make it good.  Remember you will be
entertaining some very important guests later in a few days time!'

Almost as soon as she said that, Greta regretted it.  She had meant to keep that
a secret until the very day, so that the surprise, and the later experiences,
and pleasures, would add to her complete control over Karen.

Karen heard her command and sub-consciously registered the idea of 'guests'.
She had too much to do at the moment and she pushed the thought, the wondering,
to the back of her mind until later.  She walked around the device, looking at
each component part before she began to touch it more intimately.  As far as she
could see there was a central pole to which were attached a number of what were
apparently moveable arms.  'Ah, yes', she thought, 'I get it!'

It became clear to her that at the top of the pole were straps which could hold
someone, ('No, not someone, me!' she thought), firmly around the head, and a
little lower some clamps with wide flanges, which must have been intended to fit
snugly around the neck.  This feature seemed to be a little wider than necessary
but, on looking more closely she could see that once clamped in it movement of
the head, though limited, would not allow the occupant to see what was happening
to their body.  A little lower were two poles, clearly adjustable to which arms
could be strapped, either at intervals, or by the wrists only.
Some broad leather straps were hanging freely at what must have been waist
height, their purpose being clear enough.  Now, thought Karen, the interesting
part.  There was no seat as such, but just a curved, u-shaped metal strut,
rubber covered where an occupant could, with some discomfort, actually sit,
leaving their intimate areas completely exposed and available.  There were also
fitted, but turned out of the way, two more arms which, like their matching
counterparts were clearly intended to restrain legs, at intervals, by the knees
or by the ankles.

She stood back a little to work things out in her mind before she began the
intimacy that her Master had demanded.

'Here, before you go any further, try this box.'

Karl came over to her, taking the opportunity to brush casually against her
proudly erect nipples, accentuated as they were by the metal rings compressing
her heavy breasts around them.

Karen took what appeared to be some sort of remote control box, attached to a
long flexible cable.

'Try some of the buttons on there, my dear', smirked Greta from her seat.

Karen tentatively pressed a button and immediately the upper arms slowly moved
until they formed a vee shape, like the upper part of cross.  Another press,
another button, and the lower arms moved into an inverted vee, completing the
cross frame.  All was becoming clear to Karen, this was merely a sophisticated
means of combining some of the most familiar 'tools' of a dungeon into one unit.

She continued experimenting and between each movement of the robot like device
she moved around it and stroked it, rubbed it and caressed it.  She found that
it was possible to raise the sitting component, alter its angle, lower it or
even move it out of the way completely,  It was truly, a remarkable piece of
equipment, superior in design and concept to the home made devices her former
husband had used on her.  It was clear that the main, the primary,  human
intervention was reserved only for the most intimate tasks, the most pleasurable
tasks, strapping, cuffing and chaining the occupant.

Karen finally lay the control box on the floor and returned to the inanimate
metal and continued her stroking, rubbing some of the metal tubes as if they
were swollen, hard, thick and, above all, long, cocks.

Finally Greta, impatient for more 'fun' called her to stop.

Karen dutifully did so and walked, teetered, on her spike heels back to her
position in between her two owners, her eyes downcast, her legs spread wide and
her hands neatly held behind her back.  She was clearly the totally subservient
slave!

Whatever had been the effect of her little performance on her owners was not
clear, but, despite herself, her nipples were flushed and swollen and the
delicate soft pinkish flesh of her exposed labia was itself engorged and
glistening with her juices.  Without daring to look or feel, Karen was quite
certain that her clitoris itself was emerging from its protective hood and
clearly visible to the anyone who cared to look.  She knew that they must have
been fully aware of her state, of her arousal, because she herself was quite
conscious of her own musky sweet aroma.

There had been a time, and not too long ago, when the thought of anyone standing
near to her and smelling her arousal, her sweet juices, would have made her
cringe with embarrassment, but now, she was proud of herself.  She carefully,
but nevertheless deliberately, flaunted her sex.

'Now, my dear, do you like what you see?', Karl turned to her and quite casually
rubbed his hand between her legs, rubbing his fingers across her engorged and
moist flesh, before he gently touched the tip of her swollen bud.

'Yes Master', Karen murmured, without moving her position.

She was desperate to rub herself on his hand, desperate to find some relief, but
she knew that she had to control herself.

'Now we shall try it out with an occupant!  Would you like that?', he asked in a
commanding tone.

'Yes Master, may I be allowed to use it now?'  Karen was surprised at her
boldness but she was increasingly desperate for some further stimulation.

Greta interrupted her thoughts.

'Oh no, my dear, you will use it on your partner, you liked playing with her
last night,' she smirked, knowing that Karen was unaware of being seen caressing
Lisa in their cell, 'so you can continue here.  You can be certain however that
your time will come, even if you are not permitted to do so!'

Greta smiled at her remarks, she thought the double meaning was perhaps a little
more subtle than she had intended, although Karen clearly understood her
implication.  'Oh, god', she though, 'I need to cum soon, so soon', even though
it was obvious she had more to endure before she attained any relief for her
swollen and sensitive flesh.

Karen sensed, rather than heard, the door to the cell area opening and slowly
she became aware of a naked Lisa standing beside her.

'Now, slut Karen, here is your next task', Karl began his instructions, 'you
will treat slut Lisa as your own slave, to do with what you will.'

Karen felt a thrill of pleasure run through her.  While she was by preference
and inclination happiest in a subservient, a submissive, role, she nevertheless
always enjoyed her forays into the realm of the domme.  She had had very little
chance in her married days, but since meeting her girl friend they had regularly
swapped roles.  Karen had begun to think that perhaps she was equally attracted
to either role; certainly with another woman, but, with Andy, she had found a
great feeling of power in treating him as her slave.  'Probably', she thought,
'it is because he is a man and I need to pay back a man, any man, for the way my
husband has treated me.'

Yet again, her reverie was broken, this time by Greta reaching over and pulling,
tugging, her left nipple.  She kept the pressure and the tension on as she
reminded Karen that she had better get on with her duties.

'Pay attention slut, because the price of failure, of disobedience, is high!'.
Karen didn't wait to find out any more as she assumed her domme role and
propelled the naked and nervous Lisa across the room.

Faced with the many possibilities with this ingenious machine Karen was unsure
of how she should proceed, but finally decided that having a naked and
vulnerable Lisa spread-eagled in front of her was a good way to start.  She
picked up the control box and set the frame in the familiar X-frame.

'Stand here, Lisa, and raise your arms.'

Lisa dutifully stood against the central pole and lifted her arms.  Karen,
having the advantage of her high slender heels was easily able to reach up and,
with her heavily nippled and restrained breasts just inches away from Lisa's
face she fixed the handy wide leather straps around each slim wrist.

Lisa, fascinated as she was by the closeness of those nipples that she had so
recently savored, couldn't resist flicking her tongue across the reddened left
nipple.  Karen paused in her task and moaned quietly as the thrill of a soft
tongue across the swollen teat added to her burden of arousal.

A cough from Greta reminded her that she had other tasks; she reluctantly moved
herself away from that moist probing tongue and bent over to fix Lisa's slim
ankles to the lower legs of the cross frame.  As she did so she was only too
well aware of the sight she was presenting to her owners.  The leather thongs
between her legs did their job only too well, her wet labia glistened despite
the low light of the dungeon and her tightly puckered rosebud was clearly
visible to everyone.

Karl was fascinated by the sight and quite casually began to insert his hand
inside his trousers and slowly fondle himself.  His wife looked across at him
and cautioned him.

'Patience my dear, patience, soon you will have your chance, after our guest has
taken her.'

Karl looked at her and smiled, thinking of the performance that was yet to
come.   Both turned to look across at Karen as she performed her task, he
playing with his rapidly swelling member, while his wife had eased herself
forward in her seat and, crossing her legs, was slowly swinging one leg feeling
that sweet compression that only a woman can feel, that discreet self
stimulation that is such a relief, even when in public places.

Karen finally finished securing Lisa, having in the process managed to find
ample opportunity to stroke and caress Lisa's bare feet and toes as well as
running her fingers up along the sensitive inner thighs.

She stood back and took up the control box again.  Tentatively pressing some
more buttons she was pleasantly surprised when the four arms of the machine
slowly but steadily extended, stretching Lisa out even further.  As her arms
were stretched her bare breasts lifted and her out-thrust nipples began to
harden.  Karen walked in front of her and could see the moistness slowly beading
the soft exposed labia as Lisa's legs were drawn further apart.

'Well done, my slut!', called Greta, 'Now you can tip her back and play with
your helpless little pet.'

Karen pressed some more buttons and slowly the extended Lisa began to tip
backwards until she was tilted with her head a little below her feet.

Karen could see the possibilities and tilted her naked companion a little
further.  Satisfied with her position she walked over, and, balancing carefully
on her heels stood with her leather framed labia directly over Lisa waiting,
expectant, face.

'Lick me, lick me and suck me!' Karen ordered her friend.

Lisa, eager to please, and desperate to taste those sweet juices so near to her,
probed with her tongue and gently but firmly ran it along Karen's exposed slit. 
As the tongue passed over the opening to her pulsing wet cunt Karen couldn't
help a shudder, the gentle stimulation was sending her to an inevitable climax,
if only she could maintain the contact.

Lisa flicked her tongue over the hardened clitoris above her and returned to
lick across that sensitive opening, gently thrusting the tip into Karen, rather
like the bare end of a small but active cock.  As the stimulation continued,
Karen could feel the climax building as her swollen cunt made a vain attempt to
draw Lisa's probing tongue ever deeper.

Karl was happily watching and stroking his massively erect cock, while his wife,
still discreetly stimulating herself was disturbed by a small flashing light on
the phone beside her.  'Damn', she thought, 'what is wrong now?'

The phone, more a house phone in fact, was set to flash a warning light, rather
than ring and disturb the events in the dungeon, and was rarely used.

'Yes, what is it?' she snapped.  Her face slowly darkened as she listened to the
caller.

'Bring him here!  At once!' she commanded and put the phone down heavily on its
hook.

She looked at her husband and murmured.

'A change of plan my dear, we have to deal with Slave Andrea!'

As she spoke, the door behind them opened, unnoticed by Karen who was getting
ever nearer to her much needed orgasm.

'Stop!  Move away and stand over here, at once!'  Greta called across to Karen,
who reluctantly stepped away from that deliciously probing tongue.

She walked unsteadily back to her mistress, unsteady not because of those
teetering heels, but unsteady because she was on the very edge of cumming. As
she took her place in submissive posture she was aware that her juices, always
copious when aroused, were slowly but unrestrainedly, running down her inner
thighs.

Greta noticed the signs of near orgasm and smiled.

'Later my dear, later, you and I shall have a little private pleasure!'

As Karen was taking her position she was aware that a naked and subdued Andy was
being led by a collar and lead across the floor to stand in front of his owners.

'You have been disobedient!', Greta turned to her husband and continued, 'He has
been attempting to masturbate in his cell, without permission.  Slave Ken saw
him and reported to me.  We shall have to punish him severely!'

Karl nodded in agreement.

'Yes, my dear.  We shall not bother with the high tech equipment then, let us
place him in those old stocks.'

He gestured across the room and motioned Ken to take the luckless Andy with him.

'Fix him securely Slave Ken, and I shall be across in a moment!'  Greta ordered
before she turned to Karen.

'You, my dear, will help me to punish him, you will do exactly as I say and then
I may take you to my room and reward you!'

Karen was secretly delighted, Greta was an attractive woman with a firm but
mature figure and she was undoubtedly highly skilled in the art of female
pleasure.  As her thoughts wandered around the prospect of a final orgasm Ken
was placing Andy in the stocks. 

First Ken made him stand, legs apart while the broad wooden ankle bar was locked
in place. When he was satisfied, he made him lean forward, bending at right
angles from the waist, so that his head and wrists could in turn be held in the
other wooden cross bar.  Satisfied that the job was properly done, and than Andy
could not move, he moved back, naked as always, with his cock slightly swollen,
to stand in front of his Master and spoke quietly.

'The slave Andrea is ready and waiting Master, Mistress.'

Karl leaned back in his chair and motioned his wife to begin.  She, in turn, got
out if her chair and guided the scantily clad Karen across the room.

'Look, my dear, some of these old devices have some life in them after all!'
Karen looked at Andy in his uncomfortable posture and shuddered.

'Now, my dear this is my plan.  You will arouse him, make him hard and erect.
Then you will play with his cock as I instruct while I caress that bare ass with
my leather friend here.'

So saying, Greta picked up a broad, thick, leather paddle, darkened and flexible
after much use.

'I think we shall stroke him until he cums and then perhaps give a few extra as
a reminder to behave in future,' she looked at Karen, 'do you agree?'

Karen, wary of offending in any way murmured merely a submissive 'Yes,
Mistress.'

As the couple got across to the waiting helpless Andy, Greta motioned Karen to
stand in front of him and start arousing him.

Karen was unsure of what to do but, she  noticed that, as her thong clad body
and spike heeled bare feet came into Andy's field of view, his cock began to
stiffen.  She stood in front of him, giving him a clear and unobstructed view of
her lightly bound tits and her swollen nipples as she began to stroke and tease
each one in turn.  Then she began to cup one breast as her other hand began to
caress her moist labia.  The effect on Andy was unmistakable, his erection grew
larger and firmer.

'Careful, my dear', Greta called across, 'do not make yourself cum or you will
take his place in there!'

Karen took immediate notice and began to remove her hand, wet with her juices,
from between her legs.  She rubbed her fingers across Andy's open lips and
slowly pushed a couple of wet, slick, fingers into his eager mouth.  The sweet
musky taste of her juices served only to inflame him more.  Bound helpless,
naked and with a barely clad and nubile body in front of him, moving and swaying
on those skyscraper heels was the stuff of his wildest dreams.

Finally Greta was satisfied.

'Good, well done slave Karen, you have earned your reward.  Now come round here,
and hold that pitiful cock.'

Karen moved around and placed her cool right hand around the swollen member.

'Now, you will slowly, and I mean slowly, very slowly, very very slowly, begin
to stroke him.  Pull your hand forward first, and then, as I strike his ass,
move it backwards. Understood?'

Karen nodded and gently moved her hand on the hot tumescent flesh. Andy suddenly
realised that his punishment was not yet started, but the punishment could yet
turn out to be pleasure, as indeed it would, but not on his terms, rather, it
would be pleasure for Greta and her slave.

'Now, let us begin, remember: pull up and then down as I hit him!'

Karen's hand moved up the length of the cock, then down, exposing the swollen
glans. As she did so, smack!!  Again she repeated the motion.

Up, down, smack!!

Up, down, smack!!

Greta was enjoying herself.

'Well done slut Karen, keep it up', she smiled at the innuendo, 'you just carry
on and I shall keep in time with you and your hand.'

Karen continued.

Up, down, smack!!

Up, down, smack!!

As the beating proceeded, as her masturbating continued, she began to move her
hand faster, until Greta paused.

'Now, my dear, remember that when he cums, as cum he will, do not stop your
stroking.  You will keep it up until I tell you to stop!'

Again Karen continued.

Up, down, smack!!

Up, down, smack!!

Her strokes increased in speed as Greta reddened Andy's captive ass.  Suddenly
Karen felt the familiar cock begin to pulse as the cum built up. The action
continued.

Up, down, smack!!

Up, down, smack!!

Up, down, smack!!

Suddenly, a tremendous spurt!!!

Finally!  Andy shot his thick creamy cum, jet after jet, even as Karen and her
mistress continued his punishment,.  As his cum subsided he began to feel a
different sensation.  The stroking, jerking, motion of Karen's firm hand,
moments ago so pleasurable, began now to feel more painful, more uncomfortable. 
As his cock slowly, so slowly, so reluctantly, subsided Karen continued her
motion until finally Greta called across to Karen.

'Stop! He has learned his lesson now.  He will never play with his cock again
until he has permission, of that you may be sure.'

Reluctantly Karen let go and looked at her Mistress.

'Did I do well, Mistress', she enquired, 'are you pleased with me?'

 Greta smiled at her.

'Oh yes, you have pleased me, and you shall be rewarded!  Come with me now and
we shall make sure that you get your just reward for pleasing me.'

She held Karen by the arm and led her from the chamber, leaving Karl and Ken,
whose cock had hardened into full size as he had watched the punishment proceed,
looking at the new, metallic wonder still holding a naked and silent Lisa.

Andy was silent and helpless in his wooden bonds, unaware of his surroundings as
the full effect of his beating slowly spread from his reddened ass.





End of part 16


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 17 - Humiliation


Greta led Karen to her small private bedroom at the end of the corridor, leaving
the others in the dungeon.  She was in a hurry to get settled so that she could
watch the proceedings on her television monitor.

When they reached the room she ushered Karen in front of her and bade her lie on
the bed.

'Let's make ourselves comfortable, my dear', Greta lay beside her, still fully
clothed, 'and see what the men are getting up to down there.'

She put her arm around Karen's naked shoulders as they settled down to watch.

In her hurry to make sure that Andy was properly punished she had neglected to
make any further effort to use Lisa on the metal structure, despite the fact
that Karen had begun so well.   Lisa was still lying almost horizontal,
strapped securely to the metal cross bars, with her head at exactly the right
level to serve any male, or female, in the most intimate way.  Greta was amused
at the thought, any female would be better.  She felt that love between two
females was always the most intense pleasure, regardless of the special
pleasures that only a man could bring.  Karen would learn soon enough in here,
she smiled broadly.

Andy was quite unaware of the predicament the helpless Lisa was in, the presence
of two lusting males was, at this moment, of no interest to him.  He was still
helpless in the stocks, legs spread wide and his hands and head held firmly
within the warm wooden embrace of the crossbeams.  He was still sorely aware of
the beating that his exposed ass had taken, a burning heat still spreading
across and around into his loins.  The punishment had started for him as a much
longed-for pleasure; the thought of being helpless and beaten as a naked woman
masturbated him had long been a fantasy.  However, he had soon found, as the
beating continued, that there was, for him at least, a very definite borderline
between pleasure and pain.  He had enjoyed the constant masturbation by Karen. 
It was pleasurable in every way and the timing of the strokes had added to that
pleasure, but, once he had ejaculated, and ejaculated so copiously, he found
that the continued stimulation of his cock became painful.

Of course Greta had been aware of this.  She had learned long ago that while men
loved to experience their orgasm, their messy orgasm, it was almost inevitably
just one pitiful orgasm before they needed to rest and recuperate.
Even her beloved Karl, who had considerable experience in pleasing her, always
needed a rest between cums.  She had always thought how sad, how frustrating, it
must be not to be able to enjoy multiple, even continuous orgasms as she did, as
so many women did.

Andy lifted his head as he heard some movement behind him.  He could not see but
sensed that someone was standing very close, very close indeed.  It felt, in
some way strange, the presence of someone, something.  Then he realised. Both
Karl and Ken had walked up behind him and were fondling his burning ass, and
slowly working around to stroking his limp cock. # Despite his soreness, despite
his tremendous cum he felt that familiar stirring, but despite the efforts of
the two men he could not achieve any significant erection.

'Useless!'  Karl snapped and moved away.

Ken continued his ministrations, not daring to stop until commanded by his
Master.

'Stop that and come over here, I need some relief and no mistake.'  Karl spoke a
little hoarsely, his bulging erection sticking out of his trousers.  'Slave Andy
is not going to help me I fear, so you will have to do.'

Ken walked across to Karl, his thick cock still swaying erect before him.

'Hmmm, I see why the Mistress likes you, you have such a magnificent weapon
there.'  Karl smiled, 'But not today my slave, you will service me instead.

Ken nodded, he knew that this would inevitably end with him kneeling at the
Masters feet paying homage to the bulging cock, before he had to stroke it and
take it deep into his mouth, his throat, before Karl would be satisfied.

'Just adjust slave Lisa before you start, I want her to see you perform on me,
she might just learn something from you.'

Ken went over to the controls and slowly tipped Lisa into an upright position so
that she was, naked and spread-eagled, facing the two men.

'And, before we continue, I want to shame, I want to humiliate, slave Andy.'
Karl looked across at the reddened cheeks. 'Remove him from the stocks and make
him kneel in front of slave Lisa.'

Ken quickly unshackled Andy and moved him into position.  He looked at Karl and
asked, 'Shall I retrain him Master?'

'Oh, yes indeed!  Wrists to ankles, of course, and then give him a posture
collar, I want him to look directly into Lisa eyes for this.'

With a few deft movements the naked Andy was kneeling upright before Lisa, the
straps making it impossible for him to relax in any way as Ken fixed a broad
stiff collar around his neck.   He looked up towards the spread-eagled naked
body and waited.

'Excellent!  I like it.'  Karl motioned Ken over towards him and gestured to his
throbbing cock.  ' You know what to do, get on with it.'

Ken knelt and began teasing the massive erection with his tongue as Karl
continued to speak, this time ignoring Ken, who was intent on his duties.

'Now slave Andy, you have caused my good wife some anger, and you have been
punished for it.  I think she is satisfied, for now, but I am not.'

Andy trembled at the tone of voice.

'You are quite worthless to me here unless you know how to behave.  You need to
learn to feel shame and humiliation.'  Ken was still laving the huge cock, as if
there was nothing, no-one else, in the room.  'You will speak to slave Lisa and
tell her how useless you are.'

Andy was unsure what he should do, he had never been in this situation before.
He desperately wanted to look at Ken for some sign , some advice but he was
aware that Ken was too busy to bother about him.  As Karl spoke, Ken was aware
of the likely outcome.  He had seen other males come here and fail in some way,
and this was the final test. He hoped that Andy would pass, he had seemed to be
a genuinely likeable guy and he would help share some of the burdens that he had
had to carry on his own for the last six months or so.  Ken silently willed his
support, his hopes, as he continued to indulge the Master.

'Go on, get on with it!'  Karl almost shouted.  He could feel himself getting
nearer to cumming, slave Ken always performed so well for him, and he wanted to
time his cum with the final humiliation of Andy.

Andy remained silent as he planned his words.

'I am so sorry Master, I am a useless slave!'  Lisa looked into his eyes,
willing him to continue, she knew too well that this was his final chance.

'Go on!' Karl was nearing orgasm now, 'Quickly!'

'Master I deserved to be beaten, I am of no use to either you or Mistress.  I am
not fit to be your slave.'  Behind him Karl nodded approvingly.

'Master, I am so useless I am not fit even to be a slave to Mistress Lisa!'

Karl felt a thrill, this was the first male for a very long time who had
realised his destiny. 'True, you are worthless, but the thought of giving slave
Lisa her own toy does rather appeal to me.'

'Please master, may I be permitted to serve slave Lisa.  Anything to please you
and Mistress.'

Lisa smile slyly, this was going better than she had hoped.  With luck Master
would keep Andy and let her use him in menial tasks.  And, if Andy remained,
then she knew that her new friend Karen would be pleased.

'Yessss, I think so.  Yes that is a possibility I think.'  Karl prolonged his
decision, willing his impending orgasm to wait.  'Just how will you serve slave
Lisa?'

'In any way you wish, Master, sorry, in any way she wishes.'

'Any way, any way at all?  Are you sure?'  Karl looked across at Lisa, his cock
beginning to pulse as Ken brought him almost to completion.  'What would you
wish, my dear little slut?  What would you want from this creature?'

Lisa knew what she had to do.  'He can start by licking my feet Master.'

'Would you like that, slut?'

'Yes please Master, may I order him?'

'Yes, I have made my mind up, we will keep him and you may use him as you wish.' 
Karl put his hand on Kens bobbing head.  'Stop for a moment, go and unstrap the
useless slave, he has duties to perform.'

Ken quickly released Andy from the straps and the collar and discreetly patted
him on the shoulder before he returned to his masters cock, wet with spittle and
pre-cum.

'Get on with, serve your new mistress, before I change my mind.'

'Yes Master', Andy spoke quietly and moved towards the bare feet in front of
him.  He looked up at the suspended naked form of Lisa and asked, ' May I
worship your feet Mistress Lisa?'

'Yes, do it!  Do it now!'

Andy bent down and began to run his tongue across the top of Lisa's bare right
foot.

'Stop!'  Lisa spoke sharply, looking at Karl for approval.  'Until you prove
yourself you are only fit to lick the soles of my feet.  Now do it properly!'

Karl smiled, the way Lisa had reacted pleased him, the way Ken continued to
tongue his cock brought him ever nearer to cumming.

Andy bent down until his face was under the sole, the bare smooth sole, of
Lisa's right foot.  He tentatively reached with his tongue and licked the base
of her toes.  Finding no objection he began to run his tongue along the smooth
flesh, across the instep and towards the smooth round heel.

Karl watched approvingly. This was true humiliation.  Watching a male slave, a
naked male slave, licking the bare soles of an equally naked female slave, to
endure complete humiliation, had to be a real pleasure!

'Don't stop worthless slave, you will worship those bare soles, those bare feet. 
You are owned by a mere slave, you can sink no lower!'

Andy continued licking the sole, and around the base of the toes.

'Arggggg, yessssss!'  Finally Karl could not hold back his cum any longer and
spurted the hot cream deep down Kens throat.

Finally spent, he pushed Ken away and watched Andy continue to serve at the feet
of the helpless Lisa.

He smiled as he thought to himself that his guests at the next meeting would
approve of him owning a male foot worshipping slave.  They all expected females
to pay homage, but to have a male humiliated in public in this way would be an
excellent entertainment.



Greta had watched the television monitor, entranced, as the performance
continued.  Andy had crawled under the naked left foot and was still licking the
smooth bare sole, not daring to stop until he had been instructed.  Despite his
earlier tiredness, the stimulation of the deed he was performing was having a
noticeable effect.  Not a full and firm erection to be sure, but nevertheless an
erection.

'You see, slave Karen, you boyfriend has his uses?'  Greta gave Karen a short
hug, 'What do you think now?'

Karen hesitated.  Lying almost naked next to her Mistress, she was unsure of how
she should behave.

'You are confused my dear?  Let me explain to you what is happening here.'
Greta sat up, pushing Karen back on to the bed as she did so.

'My dear husband and myself love having slaves.  We like to be served in many
ways, some of which you have found already.  We are not harsh people and we like
to be as kind as possible, within certain limits.'  Greta paused and stood up.

'We like to keep a couple of slaves, one male and one female, who can handle our
special requirements, but as you have already seen, sometimes we need more help. 
With the arrival of you and your boyfriend,' Greta nearly said ex-boyfriend, but
thought better of it, 'we are complete.  Now that Andy has passed his test we
have a proper little group.  You four are, of course, totally at our mercy, and
you will do whatever we require.'

Looking at Karen, she smiled, 'You have a good idea of those requirements!'

'Yes Mistress, it will be my pleasure to serve you in any way.'

'Excellent, you learn well.  You will notice what is happening now.  Whilst all
four of you are ours to use there will be times when we shall take pleasure in
watching you and Ken make use of the others as your own slaves.'  Greta paused
and walked to the end of the bed.  'Complicated isn't it?  Slaves having slaves? 
But you can see how it works can't you now?  You shall be our senior slave, with
slave Ken at your side.  Slave Lisa will serve you both as and when we wish it. 
But', Greta paused and looked directly into Karen's eyes, 'slave Andy is the
lowest and weakest creature.  We shall use him for our pleasure and, for him, in
future, our pleasure, and yours if you so  wish it, will be in his complete and
utter humiliation.'

Greta looked towards the television.  Andy was still lying under the suspended
Lisa, licking the bare soles of her feet and looking up at her naked body.  His
erection had grown stronger which pleased Greta.  She could not see her husband,
who was off to one side of the screen, but slave Andy was standing in a corner,
head bowed and silent.

'You see how enjoys his task, even licking the sole of a female foot excites
him.'  Greta paused and looked back towards the bed.  Karen was well aware of
the way Andy reacted to the sight, the touch, the smell, of naked feet and was
not surprised.

'Listen carefully, I suspect something is about to happen.'  Greta turned the
sound up and watched.  As she did so Karl came across into view and stood over
the naked Andy, still licking at the bare feet.

His voice echoed from the television, 'You like that, I can see, you miserable
wretch.'

'Yes Master Karl, yes Mistress Lisa.'  Andy paused briefly to speak and then
continued working his tongue up between the naked toes.

'Yes you do.  I shall be kind and permit you to play with that wretched little
cock of yours.  Would you like that?'

'Yes Master, yes Mistress Lisa.'  Andy felt a thrill, he had recovered quite
well from his earlier ordeal by masturbation and was feeling more aroused.

'Very well, this time I will allow you to cum, I give you permission.'  Karl
stood over the naked Andy.  'Remember that here you are under my control and you
will do as I say, when I say it and you will never, ever, play with that pitiful
cock without orders from one of your superiors.  Do you understand?'

'Yes Master.'  Andy stopped his tonguing, and wondered if he could do nothing
without permission from someone else.  He seemed to be totally subservient, at
the mercy, not only of his owners, but also at the mercy of Ken, another slave
and at the mercy of his girl-friend Karen and the slave-girl Lisa.

'Good, get on with it, make yourself cum.  Do not stop licking the feet of your
little mistress, and remember, until you cum she will not be released from her
own bonds.  Understand?'

'Yes Master, thank you Master.'  Andy turned towards the bare soles, the bare
feet, the bare toes and started working his tongue in between each toe once
again.  As he did so he began to stroke his own cock, steadily increasing his
pace as he became intoxicated with the taste of female flesh, the texture of
female feet.

Back in the bedroom Greta and Karen watched fascinated at the sight of a grown
man, lying naked at the feet, the bare feet, of a naked female, licking them and
masturbating frantically.

'He won't last long my dear, and then I can concentrate on you.'  Greta looked
across at Karen and began to undo her dress.

'Oooooooooh, oh god, yes!'  Andy's voice came from the television as jets of cum
erupted from his cock and across his bare stomach.  Even as he jetted, he did
not stop his tonguing.

Karl watched with interest, thinking that the outpouring of his cum was not too
bad considering his earlier ordeal in the hand, the insistent hand, of Karen.
Perhaps this slave would turn out better than he had thought.  Time would tell.

'Stop now, wretch, clean yourself up and release slave Lisa.  I am sure that you
both want a rest.'

Greta removed her dress, throwing it casually on the floor before she turned
towards the television and switched it off.

'Now my dear, let us two have a little pleasure at last!'  She stood at the side
of the bed, and slowly removed her panties and shoes, naked apart from a black
bra that struggled to hold her heavy breasts.

Karen lay still, not daring to move until she had been given permission.  She
had seen Greta naked before but had not really taken it in at the time, being
too heavily engaged with Karl to take a real interest.

Greta reached behind and let her final garment drop to the floor.

Karen gasped.  The breasts revealed in front of her were quite magnificent.
They were certainly at least one cup size greater than her own, rounded orbs,
and the nipples were extended.  The real feature, the real attraction, for
Karen, however, was their shape.  They were full and rounded and they hung low
on Greta's chest, her nipples being almost in line with her elbows.

Greta bent forward and let her heavy breasts swing forward.

'Do you like them my dear, do you like my nice, heavy, sagging, tits?'  Greta
shook them slightly from side to side.  Karen could only gasp.  She was always
attracted to other women, perhaps more than to other men ,and she had seen, and
felt, more tits that she could remember, but these were superb, magnificent.

'Please Mistress, may I kiss your nipples?'

'Oh yes, you may, indeed, you will.'  Greta moved nearer to Karen's already open
mouth.  'That will do for a start, before we concentrate on educating you in my
little ways.'

Karen seized one large, hard nipple, the right nipple, hard and large and long
and began to suckle.





End of part 17


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 19 - The Cells 1


Karen walked down the corridor to the place, the cell, that she had already
begun to think of as home.  She could hear quiet male voices behind her in the
other half of the corridor, the place she knew she would never see, the male
quarters.  Presumably Andy and Ken were re-living the days experiences in some
way or another.

As she reached the open door to her own cell, Karen paused and saw that the
screen between her cell and Lisa's had been raised.  She walked into her room
and looked through the forbidding bars, as the outer door swung to and closed
with a slight click.  She was now safely locked in for the night and, she could
see, she would be able to talk to Lisa who was lying naked on her bed.

Karen walked over to her shelves and carefully stored the skimpy thong-like
garment that she had worn for much of her day, and then, with care, and some
reverence, placed her spike heeled shoes in their appointed place.

Lisa watched this activity with an amused smile.

'Are you always so neat and tidy?'

'Oh yes, I was well trained by my former husband', Karen responded, without
smiling, 'he always insisted that everything was just so, or he would find ways
to punish me, and, believe me, they were not experiences I would wish to repeat
too often.'

'You will have to tell me all about that one day', Lisa got up and walked across
to the bars separating their rooms, their cells.

Karen turned and looked at Lisa.  Her smooth nakedness was definitely appealing,
very appealing.  The way that her nicely rounded breasts hung, the large
nipples, the shaven mound, all in all Lisa was definitely a very appealing
sight.  As she ran her eyes over the smooth naked flesh Karen could see that
there were still faint red marks where Lisa had been strapped to the intriguing
metal construction.  She thought, sadly, that it was a pity that she had not had
the chance to further explore the possibilities with the out-stretched and naked
Lisa.  Still, there was always another time.  Many other times in fact, she
hoped!

'Lisa, my dear friend, what happened to you after I left with Mistress?'

Lisa explained in great detail the way that Andy had been treated, especially
the way that he had been made to pay homage to her bound bare feet.

'Did he like that?', Karen asked, 'He used to love sucking my toes, just like my
husband did.'

'Oh yes, her liked it and no mistake.  I think he wanted to suck my toes but he
was only allowed to lick the soles of my feet.  I'm sure he liked that, you
should have seen him masturbating while he kept licking.'

'Oh, he would, he would!'  Karen smiled thinking of all the times she had made
him do exactly the same thing to her.  It seemed that this was exactly the right
place for Andy to be, a place of humiliation and punishment.  It was just a pity
that he wouldn't be able to make love to, no, to fuck, her, at least for some
time to come.  Karen smiled inwardly at the unintended pun.

'Tell me what you did with Mistress', Lisa pleaded, 'did you manage to please
her?'

'Yes, I think so, I think I made her cum several times.'

'Did she make you suck her tits?'

'Oh yes, and she definitely liked that.  And I liked that too, I almost had a
nice cum while I was sucking her nipples.'

Karen felt a warm glow as she recalled the size and texture of those rubbery
teats.

Lisa sensed that Karen wasn't telling her everything, 'And what else?'

'I'm not sure I should tell you, it was, like, sort of different, if you like.' 
Karen was not sure whether the thought of her being fisted, fist fucked, would
shock Lisa, but she decided to go ahead.'

'Well, she made me lie wide open and then she made me let her put her whole hand
deep inside me..

'Did she strap you down tightly?'

'Actually, no.  It was a bit strange at first.  It was something that I had
never really tried before.  She made me spread out wide, with my wrists and
ankles at each corner of her bed and then to behave as if I was completely
helpless.  She warned me that I mustn't move at all or she would punish me with
a cane.', Karen paused, 'Have you ever been caned by her?'

'Yes, lots of times.  I think she likes to make me squeal.  It hurts a lot at
the time but afterwards she makes me cum and so it is always worth the pain.
At least, I think it is, she doesn't often let me cum without some sort of
punishment first.'

'Oh, my dear sweet Lisa, I know I could make you cum so easily without any pain
first.'  Karen smiled at her, 'Would you like that one day?'

'Oh yes, yes, yes please!'  Lisa almost begged, 'But, please tell me more about
you and Mistress.'

'Well, I lay there and stretched out as far as I could while she began to push
her fingers into me, deep into me.'

'Did you like that then?  Was it nice?'  Lisa moved closer to the bars and held
her hand out towards Karen.

'Yes, it hurt a bit a first but, once she had pushed right in, it felt good, and
she made me cum too.'  Karen put her hand between her legs and felt her smooth
lips, enjoying the thought.  'You see I've never managed to do that to myself, I
was always too afraid of splitting myself or something.'

Lisa nodded in agreement.  'Yes, I know what you mean, I can only manage two or
three fingers myself, and Mistress has never tried that with me.'

'Ah well, she must know that I have been, what could you say, well-used in the
past so she probably thought it was easier for me.'  Karen paused.  'You know, I
think I would like to try myself again, I know that I can get four fingers
inside.'

Lisa said nothing, but put her fingers to her lips and looked around the room.
'Aren't you worried about Mistress seeing you on one of her cameras.  You know
how she likes to keep an eye on us.'

'True, but I don't think she would mind too much, after all she may approve if I
could do it, or even if you could do it.'  Karen looked at Lisa through the
bars.  'Shall we try together and see how we get on.'

Lisa giggled.  'Hmmm, yes, I suppose we could, but I'm not very wet at the
moment.'

'Now, don't tell me that you don't know what to do about that!'  Karen rebuked
Lisa and moved across to her waiting bed.  Lisa watched and followed suit.

'Can I watch you and see what you do first?' Lisa called across, 'I don't think
I shall be able to get any more into me though, perhaps one day you could try it
for me and see what happens, I know you would be gentle with me.'.

'Yes, of course, I'd love to play with you and get you so wet you wouldn't know
what I was doing.'  Karen smiled happily at Lisa, 'Look, I shall move a bit so
that you can see me better.  Anyway I think it may help me if I am being
watched.'

Karen wriggled on her bed, angling her body so that her wet swollen labia were
fully exposed, and not only to Lisa's lusting eyes..



As Lisa had suspected, Greta was indeed watching the activities in the girls
cells on her monitor screens.  If only she knew who was watching, just her and
not Karl, she thought, perhaps Karen would have second thoughts.  She settled
down and made herself comfortable, after starting a video recorder.  After all,
she thought to herself, if all went well, Karl would be very interested in the
show, and, in any case there were always buyers for that kind of voyeuristic
video,  At that thought Greta actually laughed out loud.

The slaves did not know that she and Karl had discussed a new enterprise
involving all four of them.  An enterprise that would certainly make them some
extra money.  Money that they didn't actually need, they were wealthy enough
already, but after all, money is always useful.  Actually, she thought, there
were some details to be organised still, but the principle was established.  In
addition to loaning, or hiring, their slave menagerie out to like-minded friends
for use and abuse, it seemed a natural extension to provide some kind of service
for other people, on a more remote, pay per view basis.  Karl had a number of
influential contacts in the Internet business and it seemed a good idea to offer
certain, discreet, services to like-minded viewers out in cyber-space.

A lot of the details were expected to be fixed at the next house party, when
several of the guests wanted to explore the possibilities of such remote abuse. 
As things were going, she mused, it looks like the next few days of preparation
are going to be very busy.



Karen, on her bed, had her legs spread wide, her feet hanging over the sides and
Lisa could see, from her own room, even at a distance of some ten feet, that
Karen's lips were really engorged and slick.  Karen started to play with her
clit, which, always prominent and a source of pride, had swollen even more under
the expectation of further arousal.  Slowly she began to toy with the wet
opening to her soft flesh, flicking her fingers across and stimulating the
myriad of nerve endings.  Tentatively, she gently thrust two fingers slowly into
herself.

Lisa was watching wide eyed, one hand gently strumming her own swollen clit and
the other teasing her nipples alternately.

'Go on, Karen, more, push in more please!'  Lisa pleaded.  Greta in her remote
viewing room could only echo the thought, as, entranced, she began to rub her
hand between her legs in expectation of seeing Karen lose all control.

Karen was almost lost in her own pleasures and only heard Lisa through the
pounding in her own ears. Slowly, tentatively, she tried a third finger and
pushed again.  A little further in, almost to the knuckle and it definitely felt
good, very good.

'Go on, more, push more!' Lisa pleaded, herself feeling more aroused by her own
two fingers.

A fourth finger.  Again pushing to the limit, as far as she had ever done to
herself before.  Karen began to sweat as the sensation, the sweet stretching
sensation, began to flow through her wet hot loins.  She kept on pushing until
the whole of her hand, up to the base of her thumb, had been thrust into her
wettest recess.

'Ohmigod, Karen, you are so incredible.  Can you take any more?'  Lisa panted as
she felt herself becoming soaking wet with excitement.

'Wait a moment, I have to rest.'  Karen slowly, reluctantly, pulled her hand out
of herself, feeling the slickness, the oiliness, of her juices between her
fingers.  She flexed her fingers and thought for a moment, trying to recall just
how the Mistress had managed to insinuate her whole hand into her.  Yes!
That was it, fold the fingers and lay the thumb along the middle.  She tried it
and looked at her hand.  It looked so wide, so thick.  Surely she could never
take it.

'Yes, you can do it, please, Karen, just for me!'  Lisa was beginning to lose
control of her strumming fingers, an orgasm was looming for her. # Karen eased
her position on the bed, sitting up a little on her pillows so that she could
look down over her swollen tits, her rounded belly, to her smoothly shaven
mound.  She still kept her legs as wide as she could and moved her shoulders a
little.  Settling herself into position, so that her right hand had an easier
reach down to her cunt, she folded her hand as tight as she could and once again
tried to insert her fingers into her cunt.  This time, the wetness helped her,
and the pointed fingers easily slid into her.  As her fingers, and thumb slid
further inside she felt a resistance as her rounded knuckles, the widest part of
her hand, reached the wet, sensitive, entrance.

'Now, don't stop!  Push!'  Lisa called frantically.

Karen paused for a moment, and then, with a conscious effort, pushed hard
feeling her knuckles force their way into her wetness.  Into her slick and
incredibly lubricated cunt.  Ohmigod, she thought.  Oh yes it is, it is going
in.

Karen held her hand halfway inside herself and looked across at Lisa who was
literally on the verge of cumming.

'Watch me, I am going the whole way..........now!'  With a final thrust, Karen
managed to insert the whole of her hand deep inside herself.  She felt her
fingers as she moved them experimentally, felt them rubbing her g-spot, the tips
stroking her firm hard cervix.

'Ohmigod!  Ohmigod, it so good, so good!'  Karen could contain herself no
longer.  She started to slowly pump her hand in and out of herself.  It felt so
good, better even than when her Mistress had done it.  She paused and wondered
if she could try a little experiment.  Carefully, and thankful that she wore no
rings and kept her nails neatly trimmed, she slowly tried to form her fingers
into a fist, a proper, rounded fist.

Yes!

Yes, she managed it and felt the incredible sensation of thickness deep inside
herself.  Once again she started pumping, thrusting, fucking herself.  The
position was uncomfortable and hurt her wrist, but perhaps practice would help,
after all it was her first time.

'Yes, let's try and cum together!', Lisa panted, one hand holding her wet labia
apart as the other frantically strummed her clit.  She stared intently at the
sight across the room, beyond the bars, wishing she could kneel at her friends
side and have a close, a very close, view of the stretching, the thrusting.

Karen, keeping up her thrusting, her rubbing on the firm spongy pad so deep
inside her, looked across at Lisa and smiled.

'Yes, lets go for it!'

She began long, steady, thrusts, withdrawing her hand almost out of her fully
stretched cunt and then thrust it, wrist deep, back inside herself.  She
increased her pace, faster than before but not as fast as her Mistress had
managed such a few short hours before.

Suddenly she felt the pulsing, the familiar throbbing in her temples.  She was
cumming!  Keeping up her thrusts she continued as the waves of orgasm flooded
over her.

Spent at last she slowly, reluctantly, withdrew her hand, her slick, wet, hand. 
As she did so there was a distinct squelch, a vulgar sounding squelch, as her
hand left her enclosing cunt.  She could feel the cool air of the room between
her legs and even inside herself.  Despite, or because of, her frenzied
thrusting, it seemed that her over worked cunt was reluctant to return to its
normal size.  Across the room on her own bed, her own orgasm subsiding, Lisa
could see the gaping, open, inviting, tunnel.



Greta, panting with her own exertions in her lonely office kept looking intently
at the screen.  She was quite fascinated by the gaping open wet tunnel in front
of her.  If only she had a more powerful zoom lens on the camera, she thought. 
Karl will have to do something about that, and quickly.

She looked one last time at the screen showing Lisa spread on her bed, eyes
closed and gently cupping her breasts as she relaxed after such a satisfying
cum.  She took another look at Karen and saw that slowly, so slowly, her gaping
open hole, her cunt, had closed down to almost its normal size.  Her eyes too
were shut and she had one hand cupping her left breast as she gently fingered
the nipple, flicking her finger tips across the end.

Greta prepared to switch the video recorder off as she collected her thoughts.
 She already knew that Karen appeared willing to undergo any kind of bondage she
would wish to explore, or at least any kind that had so far been tried in the
dungeon.  She was willing to perform well in pleasing her Mistress, taking and
giving so much pleasure from her heavy tits.  She had shown herself capable of
taking, of enjoying, even, a vigorous fisting, the fist slave that Greta had
craved for.  She had never managed to get any other woman to that stage with no
problems, they always struggled and made too much noise for her liking,
preventing her from achieving her goal.  But Karen, she was different, more
compliant, more willing, almost eager, and, above all she had just demonstrated
that she had the ability to fist herself.  At last, Greta thought, I have a
slave who can please me, at least when she is my tit-slave, she can take my
fist, or perhaps later, even my fists.  She can do it to herself.  Oh yes, she
will be perfect to provide some amusement for Karl and me and more especially,
our guests from time to time.

Now, what else did she have to establish in the short time before the crucial
evening planned to discuss their future activities.  Well, and Greta paused
here, thinking back, she will have to show that she is not only as good as her
partner, but in fact much better at pleasing me with her tongue.  If she were
honest to herself, Greta had to admit that good though Andy was, he was still
only a male and, as such, could never truly give a woman the fullest deepest
pleasures that only another woman, from her own experience, could provide.
Yes, slave Karen would soon be tasting her Mistresses warm sweet juices.

Good, Greta thought, that is good for my personal, my intimate pleasures, where
else have we to go.  Much of the equipment in the dungeon had yet to be used but
there would always be time for that sort of thing.  No, there was one gap in
Karen's initial training.  She had endured weights, suspension and tight
strapping.  She had not felt the kiss of rope bonds, the special pleasure that
the intimate touch of rope could bring.  Not yet!  That would the next step she
decided, before my personal satisfaction in fact.  The only problem was the
final decision, should she learn the smooth, tight, almost burning, sensation of
nylon rope, or should she first feel the proper touch, the warm caress, the
embrace of hempen rope.  Definitely, the hempen rope was the next test, the next
ordeal for Karen.  There were so many ways to experiment with, to torment, a
naked female, especially a naked heavy breasted female like Karen.  The thought
of applying close, tight, rope cinches to Karens nakedness, her heavy tits and
shaven cunt made Greta pause and again finger her dampening loins.

She looked back at the screen showing Karen, now fast asleep and breathing
peacefully.

'Yes my dear, rest well, you will have a long hard day tomorrow!'





End of Part 19


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 20 - The Cells 2


Greta, her thoughts now clarified, regretfully turned the recorder off.  She was
sad to see the activities in the girls' cells come to an end, but she knew that
they would be tired and she knew that she wanted them fresh and well rested
before she started the final day of preparation.  After all she had to be ready
before the big party that was planned for the weekend.

Out of curiosity she decided to make a quick check of the male cells.  She
didn't expect much activity because both men, especially Andy, had had a very
exhausting time in the dungeon.   Ken had not had too much physical activity
but she knew from past experience that when he serviced Karl, (or herself!), he
always gave it everything, total concentration and maximum effort.

Greta and Karl had often discussed Ken's behaviour and his willingness to do
anything that was asked, or demanded.  They had decided that he was undoubtedly
bisexual and without any doubt he had shown, with previous slaves, that, as well
as enjoying being treated as a bondage slave, he had definitely got a mean
streak when he was given a chance to show his dominant side.  As to preference,
again they had decided that, given the chance, and knowing that he could be made
to suffer later, Ken enjoyed tormenting slaves of either sex.  Probably, because
he knew that he was always awarded with the chance to indulge in some long
lasting sex, he preferred the use of women, but, in terms of oral sex at
least, he was equally adept with cocks or cunts.   Or both in the same session,
Greta thought with a smile, thinking happily of a recent episode where she and
Karl had used him to satisfy them both.

She could see that there was little activity in Andy's cage, he was lying, naked
on his back, his well used, or at least, well tormented, cock lying limp and
shrunken against his shaven thigh.  He was just staring sat the ceiling, a
slight smile on his lips.  No doubt he was having some sweet recollections of
his day in the dungeon.

Greta turned to the screen showing Ken.  He was, as always, tidying things up,
he was quite obsessive about having things on the right place.  Greta smiled as
the thought came to her that he knew exactly the right place for his thing, if
nothing else.  Ken had evidently just had a shower, his naked body glowed with
the effect of a vigorous towelling and his hair was in that damp, slicked down
state that men usually adopt after a shower.  He looked across the room, and
seeing that the window, the cover between their cells, was still down, he went
to his bed and idly flicked his thick cock.  The fact that his cock was
exceptionally thick, even when he was not aroused, was something that had always
made him a desirable male slave. Greta did not feel that this, this almost
unconscious, cock play, was a transgression worthy of punishment, she knew that
Ken had always liked to play with himself, if not actually masturbate, and
because he had proven himself time and again as a good and reliable slave, she
and Karl granted him some indulgence.

As she was watching his long cock slowly thicken she became aware that Karl had
come into the room and was standing very close behind her.  He leaned forward
and slipped his hands around and cupped her heavy breasts, feeling their warmth
through the thin robe that she was still wearing after her session with Karen.

'Have a nice time my dear?' Karl bent over and kissed the back of her neck as
his fingers explored her hardening nipples.  'Was she all that we expected?
Did she perform well?'

'Yes, of course!  What else did you expect when I am the teacher!'  Greta smiled
up at her husband and pushed her heavy tits forwards into his hands, enjoying
the pressure.  'Do you want to see the tape?'

'No, not yet, there will be time enough later.  All I wanted to know is, can we
sell copies to our usual customers?'

'Of course!'  Greta was becoming exasperated by Karl's lack of faith in her
abilities.  He had not yet realised that, although their partnership, their
marriage and business relationship had started quite conventionally with him
being in control, things had changed.  Changed slowly and cautiously, but
changed nevertheless.  Greta was now firmly in charge, of both Karl and the
business.  She took care to control, to conceal, her power as far as possible
and always endeavoured to lead Karl to the decisions that she wanted.  After all
if he did what she wanted, why let him worry, let him be happy with the illusion
of power.

'Karl, my dear, you really must have more faith in me.  I know I am a mere
woman, but I do have a certain talent you know!'  She spoke quite firmly.  She
was beginning to feel that the time was drawing near when she showed Karl
exactly where he stood.  Perhaps sometime soon.

'Of course, my sweet treasure', Karl was at his most oily, ingratiating, best,
'you do everything to perfection'

Greta smiled, his time was drawing near.  She had no intention of ever treating
him at the level of a slave, but she did intend that she would be the one in
charge, and the one that made the decisions.  He would be subservient to her
wishes, and to her wishes alone.

'What have we got to do with slave Andy?', Greta changed the subject, ' Have we
finally shaped him in the best way?

Karl stood back from Greta, reluctantly letting her heavy tits fall back to
their accustomed, unsupported  place.

'Well, I suppose you liked the way he seemed to take to the foot worship, even
though it was only another slave he licked.'

'Yes, I like that in a slave, he did well, I thought, and the way he masturbated
and continued licking shows that he has an aptitude for such pleasures.' Greta
smiled at the thought of indulging herself of his services, 'I'm sure a number
of our, er...., special guests would enjoy humiliating him.'

'Oh, yes!', Karl nodded in agreement. 'What is the next stage for him, have you
made your mind up yet?'

Greta paused before answering, her mind alive with several possibilities.

'Actually, my dear, I have some ideas, but I feel that first we should perhaps
concentrate on building his dependence on the foot worship thing.  Do you
agree?'

Greta smiled at her husband as she thought how easily he took her advice, even
when given in a subtle manner.

'Of course, my dear, just what I had in mind.  Do you want to proceed, or shall
I do it for you?'

'Oh no, you know I enjoy training our slaves.  In any case I had thought of
starting right now.  Slave Ken is looking bored in his cell and slave Andy is
obviously thinking if he dare arouse himself.'

'Go ahead, you can manage without me for  a while I guess.  I really should
spend a little time contacting some of our friends to check their interest in
our new project.'

'Very well, my dear', Greta felt triumphant, 'I agree that our new idea needs to
be developed, before our weekend party.  Don't forget we shall have some very
powerful people there who will be very interested.  We must have our slaves
ready for that event after all.  Of course, if you can manage it, we should
spend some time tomorrow extending slave Karen too.'

Karl nodded agreement and left the room.

Greta got up and walked down to the slave quarters.  She need a word with slave
Ken before she set him to work in further humiliating Andy.

As she walked down the corridor she reflected that it would be a good use of
Ken, after all Andy would find the whole process even more humiliating if he had
to learn, to take instruction, from someone he regarded as a fellow slave, an
equal.  He would have much to learn about his new life!

Greta spent some fifteen minutes giving Ken his instructions before she returned
to her room and settled in front of the bank of television monitors.
Using the correct remote control she raised the screen separating the two cells
so that Andy and Ken were now only separated by the steel bars which formed the
main wall between them.

On-screen Greta began to observe some activity.  Ken had walked over to the bars
and spoke to Andy.

'Hi Andy, how do you feel now?'

'Not too bad, still a bit sore and my balls ache and no mistake!'  Andy grimaced
as he hefted them in his right hand.

Ken frowned and spoke quietly.

'Be careful, you are not permitted to play or make yourself cum without
permission.  Don't forget that, you know what happened today.'

Andy nodded, he knew only too well, his ass was still burning from the
punishment, and, after the prolonged masturbation by Karen, and then his own
frantic jerking as he licked Lisa's bare soles, he thought that he would never
cum again, let alone get hard.

'Did you like licking slave Lisa's bare feet?' Ken asked, 'You certainly seemed
to to me, made you pretty hard I thought!'

Andy nodded again, the thought of that particular pleasure already giving him
some stirrings in his loins. There was no doubt that he had enjoyed it, even
though he knew the intention was to humiliate him in every way.  In fact, he
reflected, I like, I enjoy, being humiliated, I like submitting to the commands
of others.  His cock grew semi-erect.

Ken across the room, safely behind the bars smiled.  The plan was beginning to
work.

'Why don't you come over here, perhaps I can help you.'

Andy was confused, 'Wh-what do you mean?'

'Mistress did say that you could not masturbate, but she didn't say that you
couldn't be masturbated did she?'

'No-o-oo, that's true.'  Andy could see some form of perverse logic here and
moved over to the bars next to Ken.

Ken slid his hand through the bars and gently touched Andy's thickening cock.

'Oh yes!', Andy gasped with pleasure, his earlier inhibitions about having other
males touch his cock now lost.  He wanted pleasure he wanted relief and he
didn't care how he got it.

'You know', Ken moved closer to Andy and spoke conspiratorially, 'I think there
is one part of the room where you can stand and not be seen by the cameras.  If
you stood there, and I think you would have to stand, I'm certain you could play
with yourself to your hearts content and not be seen by anyone except me.
Would that worry you?'

Andy swallowed and thought of the possibilities.

'Yes, er, I mean no!', he was a little confused.  Much as he liked Ken's gentle
teasing of his cock, there was no substitute for his own technique.  'Yes I
would like to try, do you think I should?'

'Of course, why not, you deserve a little pleasure.  Go and stand over there.'
Ken pointed to a spot near the end of the barred wall, near the corner, 'I've
looked carefully and the cameras cannot see that part of the room.'

Andy moved away and stood where Ken had indicated.  He looked nervously around
and began to play with his cock.

Greta, meanwhile, had sat back in her chair and adjusted the cameras. and
started the video recorder.  She knew, as Ken did all too well, that there was
nowhere in the cells that was out of range of the cameras.  She adjusted the
lens and zoomed in closer to Andy and his stroking hand.

Ken continued his persuasive talk.

'Finding a little difficult to get hard?', he asked sympathetically, 'Do you
want me to turn my back on you?'

'No, I think it helps if you look at me.' Andy replied, still attempting to
raise a firmer erection.  'It's just....just a bit awkward, I need some
inspiration....you know...', his voice faded away in embarrassment.

' I understand only too well, I have the same problem sometimes', Ken was still
caring and sympathetic as he stole a crafty glance at the position of the hidden
camera.  'Why don't you think about licking Lisa's bare feet and toes?
That certainly got you going before!'

'I have tried that, but it would be better I could do it to her right now.'
Andy had to admit to his secret fantasy. 'I wish she was here at the moment, I
think I could cum buckets.'

'Well, she isn't so that's no help.'  Ken spoke quietly, seeing his chance to
ensnare Andy ever deeper.  'Look, I know, I have the same dreams sometimes and I
managed, weeks ago, to get a pair of Lisa's shoes and hide them in my personal
cupboard here.'

Andy looked at him, eyes widening.  'Hmmmm, that would be better than nothing,
can I look at them please?'

Ken smiled broadly, the trap was ready to close!  'Of course, and let's face it,
shoes, bare feet, all much the same thing really isn't it?'

'God, yes!',  Andy admitted his fascination, 'Go on, show me, please!'.

Ken nodded and turned away towards his cupboard, smiling in triumph.  The trap
had been set and was now about to be sprung.

He returned towards Andy, holding a pair of strappy black sandals.  They had
clearly be worn quite frequently because the insole was marked with the pressure
of bare toes, and the sole was slightly scuffed.

'How about these?'  He held them up through the bars.  'You like?'

Andy nodded and began stroking his cock more intensely.  As he did so, and as he
looked intently at the spike heeled shoes that Ken was holding, his cock
hardened and stiffened.

'Oh yes, I like!  I like!'  Andy spoke while he played with himself.  'I know
it's silly, but can I lick them do you think?  It would be almost as good as
licking those soft bare feet again.'

Ken played his part to perfection.

'I don't think I can reach without going in front of the camera.' He smiled
knowing that every action, every word was being faithfully recorded by his
adored Mistress.  'Shall I hold them for you to look at?  Will that help?'

Andy, disappointed, was beyond compromise, 'Yes, yes please, let me see them
properly, show them to me, display them for me.  Looks as if it seems to be
working.'

Ken could see that the stimulation was indeed working, Andy was working his cock
harder and his full erection had returned.

'Here you are, just look at the heels', he instructed Andy, 'just her shoes and
ignore me, ignore me, just concentrate on these spiky shoes.  Just look, and
listen to me!'

Andy stared fixedly at the shoes dangling from Kens left hand, unaware that,
with his right hand, Ken was himself indulging in a little self stimulation.

'Look at these lovely thin straps.  Just imagine how they cut across poor Lisa's
toes, her bare toes, her painted bare toes.'

Andy nodded and stroked himself with renewed vigor.

'Look at these straps, so tight around the smooth bare heels, imagine licking
the leather around her toes, around her smooth rounded heels.'

Andy was working, his eyes bulging.  'Go on, don't stop, go on.'

'Look at these lovely thin heels, these lovely thin heels, these lovely thin
spiky heels, these lovely thin shiny spiky heels.  Just imagine being allowed to
lick them now.  Would you like to lick the heel?'

Any was nearing yet another orgasm, his hand was vigorously working the length
of his shaft.

'God, yes I would!', he answered, his voice hoarse with emotion.

'Tell me, what would you like to do?'  Ken lowered his voice persuasively, happy
that his task was near completion.  All he had to do now was to get Andy to
confess to his fetish on camera, and provide Greta with the evidence she would
use later in a further humiliation.

'The shoes, show me, let me look at them.  I want to see the spike heels, so
high and so smooth and thin, show me.  I want to suck the heels, lick them.'

'So you shall, just imagine rubbing the smooth leather on your cock, on your
bare cock, it would make you cum!'  Ken could see that his words inflamed Andy
to greater efforts.

'Hold them towards me, let me see the heels.  I love to play with shoes, nice
soft leather straps, and really high spiky stiletto heels.  I like to lick the
heels, and suck them.   Oh, oh .....I'm going to cum.'  Andy was sweating, his
cock red-ended and bulging.  'Here it cums, its cumming.'

Andy continued to stare, his eyes fixed on the spike heels in Kens hand as small
drops of his cum spurted across the floor.  Only a few drops and it was apparent
that the ejaculation had ceased.  Clearly Andy was disappointed, but Ken himself
was well aware that even he could not fully ejaculate that frequently, even
though he could readily orgasm.  That was something that so few females had ever
understood about him, because they always equated orgasm with copious
ejaculation.  While the best, the most satisfying orgasms did work like that,
there was still an incredible pleasure in what he often called a dry-cum.

'Oh god, that was good!'  Andy released his cock and looked at Ken.  'Thank you
for that, I really enjoyed that.'

'My pleasure!', Ken smiled at Andy and threw the shoes through the bars across
the cell and on to Andy's bed.  'Here, be my guest, play with them later and
then hide them, you will enjoy that for sure.  When you've finished put them in
your drawer, no-one ever looks in there.'  Well, not usually, he thought, but
someone would soon be in for a surprise, certainly within the next dew days.

Andy nodded gratefully.

He walked unsteadily across the floor, his erection rapidly fading but his cock
noticeably red with the friction, the exertion.  He lay on his bed and picked up
the shoes and fondled the heels.



'Excellent!'  Greta spoke aloud in her room. 'Now we have him, utterly and
completely!'

She stood up and left to go to her own marital bed and a relaxing evening with
her husband, who, no doubt, would be, as always, eager to please her.





End of Part 20


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 21 - Rope


Karen woke up slowly to see that Lisa was already showered and powdered in her
room, her cell.  She had sat down at her table and was eating what appeared to
be a hearty breakfast.

'Come on sleepy head!  You have just thirty minutes to shower, eat your
breakfast and prepare yourself!'

Karen swung her long bare legs off the bed and stood up.  She felt quite stiff
and her arm and shoulder had not fully recovered from her contortions of the
previous day.   'Has Mistress called us yet?'

'No, not yet, but you'd better be ready when she does.   It would not be a good
idea to annoy her, she can be pretty edgy in the mornings!'

Karen smiled to herself.  Sounds like me, that does, or it sounds like I used to
be.  She walked to the shower and began to wash herself slowly, lovingly, as she
soaped and fondled her heavy tits.  She longed to work on her clit now that it
was warm and soapy but knowing that she did not have permission she made a real
effort to finish and dry herself without any arousal.

Washed and freshened she sat and ate the food provided, not too adventurous in
quality but certainly adequate for her.

Finally, fully fed and powdered, she sat on the edge of her bed and looked
across at Lisa, who was similarly posed.

'What do you think she will do to us today?'  Karen was worried.  'She did say
something about being ready for a party.  Do you know what she means?'

Lisa shivered.  'No!  That's the first time that she has warned us as far as I
can remember.  They usually just organise things and then provide us for the
entertainment.  Entertainment is perhaps the wrong word.  You'll see!'

'Is it bad?'

'Yes, it can be!  They have some friends with some very weird tastes, believe
me, and not only the men.  One of the women can be really vicious, especially
to me, I guess because I'm prettier and younger.   Heaven help us, or you, if
she comes, because she will probably go to town on a new girl!'

Karen felt suddenly scared.  Surely no-one would be too cruel, after all Greta
had told her and Andy when they first agreed to become slaves, that there would
be not any physical damage, no permanent changes, no blood drawn.  Just how bad
could it be?

Her thoughts were disturbed by the arrival of Greta, who, having opened both
doors, entered Karen's room.

'Good morning my dears!  Another day, another way.'  She smiled at both naked
slaves.

Lisa stood up and moved towards the bars.

'What should I wear today Mistress?'

'Nothing, you will be naked, apart from your usual five inch heels.  Prepare
yourself.'

Karen stood up and moved towards her Mistress.

'And me, my Mistress, what about me?'

'Ah yes, little Karen with the big cunt!  How is it today? Fully recovered I
hope.' Greta leered at Karen, ' For now anyway.  Yes, you can be naked too, I
shall provide some suitable dressing when we get into your favorite room!'

Karen stood, confused.

'No, you shall put on a pair of heels, always good for a naked slave, I think.
Greta changed her mind and walked over to the long shelf holding the collection
of heels that Karen had admired when she first entered the cell.  A time that
now seemed so long ago.  Living here as a slave had taken all meaning from time,
her life seemed to be never-ending pain and pleasure.  A life that she was
beginning to enjoy, to need.

'Here, wear these, I think a four inch heel should be good for you.'  Greta
tossed a pair of black mules on to the bed.  'Quickly, slip them on!  I'm sure
you won't find these too high for you.'

Karen picked them up and stared.  They were perfectly normal shoes, normal
stiletto heels, but a closer inspection showed her that the insole, under the
heel, was covered in a pattern of some eight or nine small metal studs.  Small
studs, with rounded heads that were about the size of match heads.  Or small
pebbles!  Karen winced at the thought.

'Oh yes, you can manage!  Get them on.  Now!'  Greta spoke sharply, her patience
running out.

Reluctantly Karen placed the shoes on the floor, sat upon the bed and slid her
soft, freshly showered and sensitive bare feet into them.  She tried to stand up
but they were too uncomfortable, she fell back onto the bed.

'Slave Lisa, will you come round here and tighten up those straps, I don't want
slave Karen to remove her shoes until I wish it.'

'Yes Mistress.'  Lisa moved quickly, or as quickly as she could on the five inch
spikes, and knelt at the side of Karen's bed.

'Quickly, there is no time for play, I know your little tricks.  And I shall
punish you for those when the fancy takes me!'

Lisa fumbled with the tiny buckles that adjusted the single narrow strap across
the base of Karen's painted bare toes.

'Tighter, she can stand it you  know!'

'Yes Mistress', Lisa managed another notch on the straps as she saw them bite
cruelly into Karen's bare feet.  'Does that please you Mistress?'

Well done my little slut!'  Greta patted Lisa on the head and addressed Karen.

'Stand up now, you will walk in them, you will wear them. Do it!'  Greta slapped
Karen across each cheek.

Karen stood up and gingerly placed her full weight on each foot.  The feeling
was less painful than she thought.  Definitely uncomfortable, but, with care,
manageable.  She tried a few short steps, wincing as the studs pressed into her
heels.

'Mistress, oh Mistress I don't think I can walk in these, they hurt so much!'
Karen was near to tears

'Of course they do, that is the whole idea, you stupid slut.' Greta was getting
angry.  'Walk on tip-toe if you like, but wear them you shall!'

Karen gingerly tried to walk on tiptoe, keeping the weight off her soft,
unprotected, heels.  She stumbled slightly but managed to keep walking, slowly,
but actually walking.  She found then why Greta had insisted that the straps had
been pulled so tight.  There was no way that the mules would slip of her bare
feet, and, because she was walking on tip toe, all of her weight was on the ball
of her foot, causing it to spread against the strap which felt ever tighter,
ever more uncomfortable.

'Excellent!  You see, you like them.  Come follow me.'

With that Greta left the room and walked briskly down the corridor.  Lisa walked
slowly with Karen, who could not easily stride out.  Greta was several paces
ahead before she looked round, angrily.

'Hurry up you two.  Quickly. Otherwise I shall walk behind you and paddle those
bare asses.'  She smiled.  'Yes that is exactly what I may do.  Now walk towards
me and let me see how you perform!'

Lisa walked slowly on her spikes, and Karen, because she was walking on tiptoes
in her heels, was less steady.  Greta admired the effect.  Karen was walking on
tip toe, in short paces, because she had to really stretch her feet to achieve
relief from the spiteful studs.  She had no choice but to let her heavy tits
bounce with each step.  A bounce an enticing jiggle that Greta was quick to
admire.

She waited until the two naked girls walked, teetered, by her.  She resisted the
temptation to cup those exciting, bouncing, heavy tits, that was a pleasure that
would happen soon enough.

'Keep on walking!'

Greta admired the effect the heels were having on both girls.  To see their
naked bottoms writhing, churning, at each step was indeed a pleasurable sight,
one that she knew Karl would enjoy were he here with her.

Karen, in particular, presented a particularly enticing sight.  She had seen her
heavy tits bouncing, jiggling.  She could now see her hips swivel, rotate,
almost, as she walked.  And, she thought, there was a special treat for her foot
loving slave Andy.  Because Karen was walking on tiptoe, because she was already
wearing high heels, at every step it was possible to see the smooth bare soles
of her feet.  Greta knew that, just like herself, many males enjoyed the worship
of bare feet, after all that was why had she trained other slaves.
Seeing Karen like this gave her an idea.  She would use her to arouse slave Andy
later, in front of an audience, and then she would have an excuse to punish him. 
Oh yes!  Definitely a thing to look forward too.

Finally, thankfully, Lisa and Karen arrived in the dungeon.

'You, slave Lisa, go and stand by your cage.'  Greta pointed across the room to
a  tall chrome device.  It appeared to be just about large enough to stand in,
but small enough to be uncomfortable for any length of time.

Lisa blanched, she knew this cage only too well.

'Oh yes, you like that don't you?  No don't answer, I know you do!'  Greta
smiled in grim satisfaction.

'You, slave Karen, go and stand on that platform, I can deal with you there!'
Greta looked briefly as Karen walked unsteadily on to the raised area in the
center of the dungeon.  'Stand still!'

Karen got into position and tried to rest her aching feet.  Tenderly she tried
to rest her heels on the studded area but after but a few brief seconds found
the pressure almost unbearable.  She raised herself back on tiptoe for relief.
She sensed that this was going to be a long and painful morning.

Greta turned back to Lisa.  'Now my dear, you will help me!' Greta walked over
and opened the side of the cage as Karen looked across at the plight that Lisa
had landed in.

'Please, my Mistress, please, please don't hurt me again.'  Lisa was tearful.

'Nonsense!  Get in, and put your head through the top.'

Lisa moved slowly as Karen stared.  Then she saw why Lisa was so frightened.
The cage was tall and, allowing for the teetering heels, reached  up to Lisa's
shoulders.  There was an opening at the top which Greta adjusted for Lisa to
stick her head through.  Once she was in position she closed the metal circle
around her neck.

'Please Mistress, have pity!  Please!'  Lisa was plaintive.

Karen could see more clearly.  Around the metal collar, all around the inner
face, was a series of long metal spikes, but she could not tell if they were
sharp or blunt ended.  Either way they looked to be uncomfortable, they were
placed in such a way that if Lisa moved her head in any way she would feel the
points sticking into her tender neck.

Worse!

As Greta closed the door, Karen could see that there were similar spikes along
the inner face of every bar.

Lisa stood very still indeed.  The cage was cunningly designed.  As long as the
occupant stood perfectly still it was, relatively, comfortable, but any movement
would force one or more of the spikes into the naked flesh, causing pain at the
very least if not actually breaking the skin.

Greta looked across at Karen.

'Jealous are you, my little slut?  You shall have your turn in there, never
fear.'

Karen paled and went to speak.

'Silence!  You need not worry, those spikes will never cause any damage, they
are not sharp.  Well, not really sharp.  They are rather like your shoes, just
uncomfortable, but as long as you stand still there is no problem.

Greta laughed out loud.

'Of course, if you are wearing really high heels like slave Lisa, standing
perfectly still can cause a few problems.  Can't it?'  Greta walked up to the
cage and snapped at Lisa.

'Yes Mistress.  Please forgive me.  Please don't hurt me like this.'

'Oh, for heavens sake, you are so noisy.  I suspect you want a gag to help you. 
What would you prefer?'  Greta walked over to the well stocked bench at the side
of the dungeon.

'Let me see, let me see.  Ah yes, one of these perhaps?'  she held up a black
ball shaped gag attached to a fine leather strap, 'Or this perhaps, you like the
dental gag don't you?'  She looked back at Lisa.  'Or what about your other
favorite, this little ring gag?'

Greta walked back to the cage and held all three instruments of punishment in
front of Lisa.  'You choose!'

'Please Mistress, please, if I may, can I have the ball gag?'  Lisa pleaded, her
eyes wide in anticipation.

'Oh, you don't like this little ring then?'

'Oh, please, no Mistress, no!'

'Ah, so you don't like that do you?'  Greta was triumphant.  'I have a better
idea, I shall let you speak and I shall gag Karen.  And, because you don't like
it she shall wear the ring gag!'

Greta walked up beside Karen.  'Here you are my dear.  Your little slut friend
has made the choice for you.  Open wide!'

Karen was dry mouthed in fear.  She tried to obey but found it difficult to open
her mouth, her tongue seemed stuck to the top of her mouth.

'Open!' Greta grabbed Karen's lower jaw.  With an ease borne out of experience
she slipped the leather covered metal ring into Karen's gaping mouth, behind her
teeth, firmly wedging it wide open.

'Arrrrrggggh  arrrrrrghhhhh!'  Karen babbled helplessly.

'I like what you say my dear, let me just fasten the strap around your pretty
head.  'You don't have to stand on tiptoe you know!' Greta pulled the leather
thong tight and secured the clasp with a small padlock.  'There you are, now you
can't remove it, but you can enjoy it!'

Karen knew that she had no choice but to stand on tip toe, she could not
willingly inflict any more pain on her tormented heels.  She stood looking
helplessly across at Lisa as she felt spittle forming in her mouth in reaction
to the strange object forced so viciously into it.

'Now, that is better, much better.  I love a slave who drools.  You know how to
please me slave Karen!'  Greta casually pinched each erect nipple as she walked
across the dungeon, her own spike heels clicking on the hard floor.

She sat in her usual seat and looked across at the helpless naked girls.  Lisa
was motionless, and Karen, drooling and dripping on to her jutting tits was
struggling to balance on tip toe.

'Right this is what I plan to entertain you two.  You, slave Lisa will help me,
so I need you to talk to me.  You slave Karen will have no need to talk.  You,
my dear, can gurgle and drool for me, I shall enjoy that!'

Greta reached underneath her chair.

'And this, my dears, will be all I need.'  She produced a thick coil of rope.
She held it and showed it to Karen.

'You like?  Oh, you will, you will!'  She extracted a strand and held up for
Karen to see.  It appeared to be ordinary rope, about as thick as her little
finger, but it seemed to be coarse in texture, not like the smooth nylon that
her husband had so enjoyed using on her.  'You are going to enjoy this, nearly
as much as I shall!'

At that Greta stood up and walked towards Karen.  'I thought it would be a good
idea if we asked your little friend here exactly what she would like to do to
you.  So, whatever she suggests, I will do it.  Well, probably.  The only
problem will be is if she, useless little slut that she can be, tries to be too
lenient.'

Greta turned towards Lisa.  'I hope you are listening, slut, I want your
instructions. I want to know how you would rope your pitiful friend here.  Be
warned, if you are too soft, too easy, all I have to do is to make you change
places.  Then I can work on you to my hearts content.' she smiled.  'Of course,
you would like that I guess?'

'No Mistress.  I will do exactly what you say.  Ouch!'  Lisa moved a little,
wobbled on her high heels and she felt several hard metal spikes probe the soft
flesh of her left side, her left breast.

'Go on then, we're both waiting!'

'Please, Mistress, perhaps we could take her shoes off first, so that she can
stand wide and open for you to deal with!'

'Yes, a good start I think.'  Greta knelt down and eased the cruel spiked,
double spiked, heels off Karen's bare feet.  Gratefully Karen settled down on
her feet, flat against the floor at last.

'Thhhnaanghhhhhhh', she tried to speak, unsuccessfully, the ring gag and drool
stopping any coherent sounds emerging from her gaping mouth.

'Tie some rope around her, right under her tits, Mistress'

Greta smiled, Lisa was showing promise at last.  She stood slightly behind Karen
and passed a couple of loops of the coarse rope around her ribs before she eased
them up right under her tits, lifting them carefully as she pushed the rope
tight into the crease.  As she let them drop, and cover the rope with their
sagging, drooping weight, she cinched the rope tight behind her back.

'Enough,  is it slave Lisa?'

'N-no Mistress, give another couple of turns under those, they are hidden under
her tits still.'

True, Greta thought.  Karen certainly had full heavy tits and with the way she
had positioned the ropes to begin with, she could make sure that they were
lifted by them and them teased by the coarse rope on their tender underside.

'Now what', the task complete.

'Mistress, perhaps you should tie some rope around above her tits now.'

'Perhaps? Either I shall do it or I shan't.  What do you want me to do?'  Greta
was getting angry.

'Yes Mistress, tie some rope around the top of her tits, and, please Mistress
tie it tight.'

Greta nodded and began looping more rope around and across the smooth upper
slopes of Karen's breasts.  As she pulled them tighter she knew that Karen would
begin to feel the compression.

'Aaaaaagghhhhh  ummmmmmfffff'.   Karen did indeed feel the pressure and tried
to protest.  In vain.

Greta adjusted the loops and added a couple more, in such a way that Karen's
tits were bound, and in a way supported, from below, while the top thongs
compressed her swollen tits downwards.  The effect was as if they had been
clamped horizontally, flattened above and below but bulging, swelling, jutting,
between the ropes.  Her tits were bulging, but her nipples were almost popping
as the pressure was adjusted.

'Enough?'  she stare intently at Lisa.

'Not yet Mistress, shall we open her legs and tie her ankles to a spreader bar?' 
Lisa hesitated and added quickly, 'Yes, please Mistress, do it now.'  It felt
strange for Lisa to be giving orders to her mistress but she knew that she was
really only doing as she had been told and the whole ritual was fully intended
to humiliate Karen as much as possible.  She just hoped that her ideas for the
tying of Karen's tits did not upset her, she did not want to offend Karen or
lose her friendship.

'Certainly!   Open wide my dear.'  Greta spoke to Karen and reached for some
more rope and a long wooden stave.  'Wider please, wider.'

Karen managed to spread her legs as wide as she could without falling over.
Greta then began to tie some more of the coarse rope around each ankle and fixed
it firmly to the rough wooden pole.  She tried to tug it and found that it was
not quite as tight as she wanted, so she added another turn and another knot.

'Like that?'

'Yes Mistress, now you can play with her...her cunt....if you like.'

'I can always do that!  Is she tied up enough for you yet?'

'No Mistress.  Make her fold her arms behind her back and then will you please,
please Mistress, will you tie them together so that she can't move them.'

'Oh, yes, that is a good idea, I like that, but I don't think she will!'  Greta
laughed and went behind Karen and, positioning her arms, with the forearms side
by side, began to wrap more strands of the hempen rope around her soft and
yielding flesh.

'There, job done, is that what you wanted?  are you finished now?'

'No Mistress, could we finish off by making her kneel?'  Lisa hoped that the
torment of her dear friend, of her collimate, was coming to an end.

'Well, yes, another good idea, that should make her nice and uncomfortable.  I
think I'd better slide a pole across behind her back to support her though.  We
wouldn't want her to fall flat on those nice bulging tits would we?'  Greta
smiled and moved a couple of stands together side of the platform and then
threaded a long wooden rod between then and against the roped arms of Karen.
Once she had clamped the pole to the uprights she passed several more strands of
rope around the bar and Karen's upper arms.  Now she was firmly supported and
could hardly move.

'Now, is that all?'  Greta snapped at Lisa.

''Yes Mistress, perhaps you use a dildo or something on her now, she would not
be able to help herself and you could torment her until she nearly cums.'  Lisa
knew Greta liked that kind of pleasure, and she hoped she hand made a wise
choice.

'You stupid slut, you useless stupid slut, you useless stupid cunt!'  Greta was
angry and walked over to Lisa, who stumbled on her tightly fitting, spike heeled
feet, making her tender flesh test itself against the relentless steel spikes
that lined her cage,.

'Sorry Mistress, what did I do wrong?'

'You were told that she had to be properly tied, I said nothing about making her
cum.  You are a useless, worthless cunt.  A useless cunt.  What are you?

'Mistress, a useless c-c-cunt.  I am your useless c-cunt slave Mistress.'

'Damn right you are, I shall punish you later!  You can watch me treat Karen in
a proper way and just think about what I plan for you!'

Greta turned away and smiled.  Of course she had already made her mind up that
whatever Lisa had suggested she would have been wrong.  She was determined to
punish both girls and the additional humiliation of Lisa had been a bonus.  She
knew that she hated being called names, and hated even more being made to abuse
herself like that.  Definitely a good session she thought.  So far!

'Right, slave Karen, let's carry on.  Look, there's lots more rope yet!  What
can I do with it, I wonder?'  Greta walked around the kneeling, trembling Karen,
her heels click clacking on the hard floor.  'Yes, that's it, a little extra
rope through here.'  Greta bent down and ran her hand between Karen's open legs,
brushing against the swollen labia, already slick with juices that oozed from
within Karen.  'Oh my, you are naughty girl.  You do like this don't you?'

Arnggggggggh, Mmmmmmmmmm'.  Karen tried to respond, after all she could hardly
deny her feelings, her body was betraying itself.

Greta moved in front of Karen and held up two pieces of the coarse rope.
'Watch carefully and you may learn something!'

She made a rough estimate of length and then tied the two ropes together about a
fifth of the way down their length, making an large, broad knot in the process. 
After holding it up in front of Karen's staring eyes she knelt down and passed
it between her legs.

'Now my dear, you will like this, I'm sure!'  Greta used one hand to part the
swollen slick labia and pressed the bulky, coarse, knot into the opening of
Karen's wet and unresisting cunt.  'Hold it there for a moment, don't go away
now.'  She left the four ends dangling and walked behind the kneeling Karen.
Selecting the two shorter ends she picked them up and carefully threaded them
around Karen's bound and immovable arms, carefully tying them in place.
Checking to make sure that the coarse knot had not been moved from the opening
to Karen's wet cunt, she came around the front to pick up the remaining ends of
the rope.

'Now, you see, my dear', Greta smiled directly into Karen's face, ' so far the
rope, and that lovely knot, are fixed in place, and I'm sure you enjoy that
sweet friction.' She tugged gently on the rope making Karen mumble uselessly
through the ring gag and drool.  'All that remains is to fix these two loose
ends.'

Turning to Lisa she snapped, 'This is what you should have thought about!
Don't forget, or you will suffer even worse than her!  Understand, you useless
cunt!'

Please with her verbal abuse, Greta settled down to adjust the ropes in her
hand.  She pulled both upwards and placed one over each of Karen's bare
shoulders, the ends hanging well down her back.  Then she bent down and none too
gently separated the enveloping labia and placed the rope, one strand on either
side, around the prominent and exposed clitoris.  Checking the position of the
ropes, she pulled them to test the reaction as they rubbed coarsely on the
tender erect and sensitive flesh.

'Ooooooooohh,   Nnnnnnnnnnnaaaaggggggg'  Karen struggled to protest at the
torment.

'Excellent, you enjoyed that!  Nearly finished my dear.'  With that Greta moved
back behind Karen and seized one naked foot, pulling it upward and forcing Karen
onto her knees.  She grabbed the big toe and held it firmly.  Karen wriggled as
far as she could, the new sensation was far from unpleasant.  Greta took one of
the ropes and ran it between and around the toe before she tied it neatly. 
Satisfied with the tension and the position of the upturned bare foot she did
exactly the same to the other foot.  Now the rope was fastened at the one end to
Karen's bound arms and at the other to each of her big toes.  The knot had not
moved and was still pressing into the tender opening while the two cords towards
the front lightly compressed the hardening clitoris.

'There we are, all done!'  Greta was pleased with her handiwork.

She stood back to admired the effect.  The shape of the bulging tits pleased her
but she frowned as she saw that the nipples were still pouting and uncovered. 
Stepping forward she adjusted the two ropes climbing from that warm wet recess
and positioned them so that they ran over the center of each nipple.

Better!  Much better!

Now she could savor the full torment that she had inflicted on Karen.  Her tits
were cruelly bound, and her nipples were being abraded by the coarse rope.  The
knot was firmly seated at the sensitive entrance to her love tunnel and the ends
fixed to her bare toes.  She had adjusted the tension in the ropes in such a way
that Karen's bare feet were upturned to the point of discomfort.  Now the only
way she could relive the tension in her toes and in her arched feet was to bend
her feet, and toes, downwards.  That would ease the cramp in her feet but of
course it would increase the tension in the rope, rubbing against her nipples,
compressing her clitoris at the same time as forcing the knot deeper
into her wet,  tender cunt.   It was definitely one of her better ideas.  

Karen could move to ease her torment and discomfort but in doing so she would
cause herself more torment and discomfort.

Lisa watched apprehensively from her tormenting cage, dreading what would happen
to her, while Greta settled in her comfortable chair and surveyed the two naked
girls.

Lisa was managing to keep perfectly still despite the increased soreness that
the spike heels were inflicting on her cramped feet.

Karen was in total and complete torment, and was gingerly trying to flex her
feet, her bare feet, to ease the pressure on her nipples and clitoris.  She was
in a difficult position.  If she didn't' move her toes her feet hurt, if she did
move her toes her nipples and clit were being abraded.

As her torment continued she found that she had to increase the frequency of the
flexing, the easing, of her toes and feet.  Incredibly, as she continued to do
that she found that the coarse pressure against her nipples and clit had become
more pleasurable.  Even the pressure of the bulky knot at her wet entrance had
become pleasurable.  If she kept up the flexing, she could ease the torment of
her bare feet and toes and she could almost, yes she could almost....cum!

Greta sat back smiling.  She could see what Karen was going through and she was
prepared to fully enjoy the scene, watching her open, gaping drooling mouth as
her bare feet flexed and her self stimulation increased.

'Go on my dear, go on!  Make yourself cum and I shall release you!'

Karen stared at Greta, gasping and bubbling through the ring gag, its soft
leather covering long ago soaked through with her spittle.  She tried to nod her
head and increased her flexing.

Slowly, surely, inevitably, the continued friction across her swollen teats was
having the desired effect,.  That and the alternating compression and
decompression as her clit was squeezed and released by the coarse rope, such a
divine sensation now, was bringing her to release.

'Oooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhh.'  Karen mewled through the gag, trying to give
voice to her orgasm, 'Uuuuuuhhhh uuuuuuuuuhhhhh!'

Karen shuddered uncontrollably within in her coarse restraints and her head
slumped forward.

Greta stood up and walked over towards her, patting her on her bowed head.
'Well done my dear, well done.  You see, you do like the rope after all!'





End of Part 21


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 22 - Punishment.


Karen slowly stood up as the last of her rope bonds were released.  Her knees
and arms ached from their long unnatural constraint. But, despite their
treatment, both her nipples and her clitoris were still sufficiently sensitive
as to need further arousal.  Pleased that she did not feel too sore, Karen
wondered she dare request permission to masturbate.  While she thought, standing
with head bowed, she looked down over her swelling breasts and savored the sight
of the red lines that the tight, coarse, rope had indented into the tender
flesh.  Strange, she thought, after all of that pain, that discomfort, now the
sight of the marks excites me.

Greta was watching carefully.  She had experienced this effect before in slaves
who had been given their initial rope training.  All of them resisted it,
begging for the smoother constraint of leather, but, after they had felt the
coarse caress of the rope, they all felt the same desire, the same need for
further confinement, for further tightness across their most tender and
receptive flesh.

'No, before you ask, you may not cum!'  Greta smiled at Karen's obvious
disappointment.  'You stood up well against the torments that your friend
brought upon you, and you saw how she displeased me.  You, you my dear, will now
help me to punish her in turn.'

Lisa felt dismay, she was already aware of the way Greta loved to use one slave
to torment, to torture, another, but after the way she had caused Karen to be
tied she wondered if Karen would ever forgive her.

'Go and unfasten her cage, just make sure she feels one last kiss of those
spikes!'

Karen padded on sore, bare feet across to the cage.  She could see the dozens of
small red indentations where the fine nosed spikes had probed the tender flesh
whenever Lisa had moved in the slightest way.  Heedless of her instructions,
Karen took care to release the neck clamp without causing any undue pain to
Lisa. # Lisa looked gratefully at Karen for that small mercy.  However the
respite was short-lived as Karen put her arm through the bars, carefully, and
pushed Lisa in the small of her back.  Lisa lurched forward on her stiletto clad
feet and pressed herself firmly, but unwillingly, against the spikes down the
front of the cage.

'Ow!  Oh!  It hurts so much.  Please don't hurt me any more!'  Lisa made a tear
stained plea to Karen as she walked around to the front of the cage.  Looking
grimly at the pin-pricked rounded tits and belly she slowly, even reluctantly,
opened the front of the cage and offered her hand to help Lisa step out.

Lisa stood shakily as her hands rose to her sore pock-marked tits.  She rubbed
them gently, more to ease the discomfort than for any pleasurable reason.

'Bring her over here, you have work to do.'

Karen looked to where Greta was pointing.  She had set up a small, sturdy, metal
tripod in the center of the stage, carefully placed so the victim could be
easily accessed all round.  A long chain hung down from the darker recesses of
the ceiling with metal loops dangling free.  Lisa looked across and gasped.
She had a terrible sense of doom, She was all too aware of what Greta had
planned for her; she had once seen a visiting guest subject someone to this
torment, and it had not been a pleasant evening, for anyone.  Well, Lisa
thought, certainly not for the victim.  She focused her gaze on the tripod.

Greta smiled as she saw the gaze, and laughed out loud as she saw the expression
Karen's face.

'Come now , my dears, that's not too bad surely?'

Karen looked closely.  Carefully fixed to the top of the tripod was a large
black rubber dildo.  It was a dildo quite unlike any she had seen before, the
head was distinctly larger than life even though the shape faithfully echoed a
real life fully aroused male glans.  The shaft was more normal in size but it
appeared to be well endowed with a number of sort rubber nipples sticking out
around the circumference over the lower few inches.  At the bottom of the dildo
a narrow flange was visible, pointing forward, towards where any clit may come
into contact with it.  The whole of this flange appeared to covered in a number
of quite thin rubber probes, an inch or so long  .  Coming from underneath was a
long thick cable which seemed to be connected to some sort of control box lying
on the floor besides Greta's chair.

The tripod was more robust than a photographic tripod, even though it appeared
to have a center column that was adjusted by a rotating wheel.  In fact, Karen
thought, the mechanism seems suspiciously like an ordinary, well, perhaps not so
ordinary, car jack.  Turning the wheel would raise, or lower, the central pillar
and with it the monstrous black hard rubber dildo.

Surely the Mistress did not intend for Lisa to sit on that!

Just how wrong Karen was!  Greta ordered Lisa to stand beside the fiendish
device.

'Its a good job you have those heels on, my dear, otherwise it might split you
in two!'  Greta was highly amused.  'Just observe how my little toy works.'

Greta picked up the control box and flicked a switch.  Immediately the phallus
started to vibrate, and, as she turned another control the intensity varied.
Switching the power off she smiled at the two naked girls, both of whom were
looking increasingly apprehensive.

'Not bad, eh?'  Greta turned another switch.

As she did so the head, the monstrously swollen head, changed size, it actually
became smaller.  Smaller!  Clearly Lisa was pleased. perhaps it would not be too
bad to endure after all.  Then Greta reversed the switch and the head returned
to its former size and then expanded even more.  At this stage it looked almost
grotesque.  At its smallest it was rather like a golf ball in size and the shaft
was in proportion but now, the shaft remained unchanged but
the head was more like the size of a tennis ball.  

'You might just feel that inside you, my dear, and you might just like it too.' 
Greta adjusted another switch and the head rapidly pulsed between the two
extremes of size.  'Why, even I might like to ride that!'  Greta's face was
expressionless, concealing the pleasure she recalled from her own private
session with the toy.  Her excuse to Karl had been rather lame, on the basis
that, after all, someone had to test his ideas.

'Well, that's it, well, almost.  I'd forgotten the best bit.'

Greta made a further adjustment. This time the shaft altered its girth from the
minimum, almost normal size, until it swelled up until it matched the swollen
head.

'There you are my dears, it can do all of that and of course it can vibrate at
any time.  Isn't technology marvellous?  Its all down to hydraulics really, you
see, so it is rather like a man after all.  A man who can last long enough to
bring real pleasure to a woman.'

Lisa stared numbly at the device.  The thought of mounting that thing, that
obscene thing, terrified her.  She knew that she could never take it,  It would
surely split her in two.  Why wasn't it Karen, she thought, she can stretch so
much further than me.

'Yes, slave Lisa, you will enjoy this, and after we've finished even you might
find that you can enjoy rather more than a pitiful two fingers probing you!'
Lisa looked at Greta quizzically.  'Oh yes!  I know just how much you can take,
and you have a long way to go before you can match your friend here.'

'Now, go and stand astride your new lover!'   Greta was tired of the talk and
wanted some action, she wanted to see Lisa begin to suffer.

Lisa moved over and stood, legs astride the dildo, grateful for her five inch
heels.  Heels that meant that the head of the rubber invader just brushed
against her moist labia.

'Karen, I want you to clip her wrists to those chains up there, I don't want her
to fall over, she might miss the fun.  Then you can remove her shoes, I suspect
she will be glad to take them off at last!'  Greta settled comfortably in her
seat, beginning to warm to her task.  She enjoyed her role as an instructor and,
she suspected,  Karen was going to enjoy her role as the student.  As for Lisa,
well, she thought, she was the specimen for this lesson, and the feelings of
specimens were not really important, just as long as they showed the right
reactions!  Which, she fully intended, Lisa would do!

Karen dutifully fastened leather loops around Lisa's wrists as she held them up
for her.  Once that was done, with her arms held loosely in the air, clipped to
the rings, Karen knelt on the floor.  She looked at the spike heels, so high and
so thin, and understood how uncomfortable they must have been while Lisa was
standing so still her cage.  She lifted up one foot and slipped off the shoe. 
Lisa's bare foot was reddened where the shoe had pressed against her and,
feeling the relief, she wriggled her toes.  Karen took pity on her and gently
rubbed her hands over the bare foot, feeling the dampness of the sole where it
had been in such long and intimate contact with the leather.  Gently releasing
the foot she removed the other shoe and repeated her gentle massage.

'Very touching, very touching!'  Greta called across, 'If you like her feet so
much you can lick between her toes, that will ease her discomfort I'm certain.
Of course you might not like the thought.'

'No Mistress, I will do it!'  Karen was secretly pleased that she could indulge
one of her fetishes, one of her many fetishes in fact.  She bent her head and
held the naked right foot that was before her.  Lisa was standing on tip toe to
avoid the pressure of the dildo against her moist vulva. so Karen took care to
help her maintain her balance.  Satisfied that she had a firm grip around the
foot she tentatively flicked her tongue between the big toe.  The flesh was
moist, with sweat induced by the time the shoes had been worn, but the moisture
was strangely, no, pleasantly, flavored with the tang of leather.  Karen enjoyed
it and took the chance to suck, to take the shapely toe, into her mouth.  She
enjoyed the sensation, pleasuring her friend in this way and satisfying her own
cravings.

'Enough!  You may have a chance later.  Put her down and start guiding that
little toy into her cunt.  We don't want to hurt her, do we?' Greta laughed,
that was the intention after all, hurting Lisa was the aim of this little
exercise.

She spat out a stream of instructions to Karen, explaining exactly how she
wanted Lisa to be arranged.

First, Karen guided the end of the dildo, now reduced in size, into the entrance
to Lisa's cunt, which, despite her resistance, was beginning to get wetter. 
Making Lisa lower herself off tip toe, on to the bare soles, strangely soothed
by coming into contact with the cold floor, Karen adjusted the height of the
dildo slowly so that the long rubber nipples around the base, intended to
stimulate any clitoris that came into contact with them, just brushed against
the swelling bud.  Once that was adjusted to Greta's satisfaction, Karen began
to raise the height of the probe, inserting the rubber phallus deeper and
deeper, whilst Lisa kept her bare feet flat on the floor.  As the intruder rose
higher the rubber nipples were slowly, but irresistibly crushed tightly into the
soft wet flesh around the unresisting clitoris.

'Good, I like that, so far!' Greta approved of the way that Karen had worked
with minimum interruption.  'Now, slave Lisa, lift up on tip toe.'

Lisa complied, raising herself until the pressure was relieved.

'No, down a bit, down a bit!'  Greta was determined that Lisa would not escape
contact, she wanted her to feel the rubber nubbins just gently touching her
sensitive flesh.

Again Lisa complied as Greta issued further instructions to Karen.

As Lisa stood, her bare feet arched and her heels an inch or so off the floor,
Karen passed a wooden spreader bar between the legs of the tripod and strapped
Lisa's bare ankles to each end, fixing her legs so that her feet were about
shoulder width apart.  Lisa struggled to maintain her balance, unwilling to push
herself down on those waiting probes.  Even though they were only rubber, they
were still quite capable of inflicting some considerable discomfort on her wet,
sensitive flesh.  Not as painful as riding the wooden horse, of course, but the
more focused local pressure would soon become pretty intolerable.  She had no
wish to willingly inflict that upon herself.

Karen looked back for approval.

'Yes, that is good, you have done a good job.  I am pleased with you, and I
shall give you a reward later.'  Greta smiled at Karen, who wondered just what
was in store for her. 'Now, all you have to do is to adjust the switches and we
can sit back and enjoy the spectacle.'

Karen moved around behind Lisa, still on arched feet, just bearing to hold the
position and the minimum contact on her clitoris.  Greta was aware of the
situation Lisa had found herself in.  Standing flat footed was all to easy, and
standing on full tip-toe was not too difficult for short periods of time, but
standing in a position between the two extremes was both difficult and tiring.
Karen adjusted a pair of small switches, one above and one below, the spreader
bar.  By careful experimentation she finally locked them in position so that if
Lisa flattened her feet she would cause the bottom switch to make contact, and
if she raised herself right on to tip toe, to remove herself from the pressure
of the rubber probes. the upper switch made contact.

'Excellent!' Greta gave her customary response.  'That is excellent.  Now let us
see what happens when the little slut moves.'

Greta  took a final quick check of the arrangement.  Lisa was standing  on
raised feet, her heels still an inch or so off the floor, her arms hanging
loosely from the overhead chains.

Satisfied she pressed a switch on her control box.  Immediately the dungeon was
filled with the sound of the vibrator, clearly at a high setting, judging by the
reaction from Lisa.  After a few seconds Lisa began to feel uncomfortable and
lowered her feet fully on to the floor.  As she lowered herself, the lower
switch made contact, the vibrator ceased its operation and, unseen to Greta and
Karen, the head of the dildo deep inside the warm wet recesses of Lisa's cunt
began to expand.  Lisa gasped at the intrusion, as the head of the rubber penis
expanded.

'Ohhhhhh -ohhhhhhhhh!'  Lisa felt uncomfortably distended and, in an attempt to
ease her position, raised herself up again on her bare feet.

As soon as the contact on the switch was broken the invading, swelling rubber
glans subsided to its normal size, relieving the pressure deep inside Lisa.  As
it returned to its normal size the vibrations started.

Lisa withstood the stimulation for a brief minute or so and tried another
tactic.  She raised herself up on full tip toes, her feet highly arched and her
toes white with the pressure gripping against the floor. As she raised herself
the vibrations stopped and this time she felt the whole rubber phallus begin to
swell inside her.  This time the stretching, the fullness, was over the whole
length of her vaginal canal, from the mouth to the top and beyond her cervix.
The sensation was not pleasant and she felt that her very insides were being
torn apart.

'Nnnnnnoooooo.   Stoppppp p-please!'  Lisa begged for relief.

'Yes my dear.'  Greta flicked a few switches on her remote control devise.  'Of
course I will stop it for you.  You can just relax while I explain to you just
what will happen to you.'

As she spoke the phallus returned to its normal size and the vibrations did not
restart.  Lisa rested her bare feet on the hard floor, and her clenched toes
relaxed.

'You see my dear, it is all very simple! Even you can do it.  And of course you
will do it!'  Greta spoke sharply and gestured Karen to stand by her side.

'You will stand there on tip toe and let those tender little probes play with
your wretched clit while it vibrates at whatever speed I set for you.
Understand so far?'

Lisa nodded miserably.

'If you dare to rest yourself you will find that your whole weight is down on
those rubber fingers, which you may or may not like.  And then my little toy
will grow inside you. Just think of how a mere miserable male cock feels as it
is about to cum!'  Greta smiled at the thought.

Lisa looked tearfully at Greta and Karen, kneeling at her side.  'Yes Mistress.'

'And,' Greta continued, 'if you try and stand too high so that those fingers
can't caress your clit, wretched little thing that it is, my little toy will
grow again.  Easy isn't it?'

Again Lisa nodded.  She dreaded the experience she was about to undergo, and
worse, she was sorely hurt by Greta's cruel remarks.  She had always thought
that her clit was in fact, quite prominent and desirable.  To be told that it
was wretched, to be told that it was little, was so hurtful.  She knew that
Greta loved playing such word games, as yet another way to humiliate her and she
tried to rationalise her hurt feelings.  She knew that men hated to be told that
their cocks were small and useless even when the opposite was often clearly the
case.  She shared the feeling of humiliation that she knew they too must feel at
such hurtful words.

'Oh, I almost forgot', Greta smiled evilly,' you won't know just which part will
grow, I can, and I will, arrange for it to grow to different sizes at different
times.  All you can be sure  of is that if you give in and move your position on
my little toy by more than inch, your tight little cunt will be stretched
somewhere, or everywhere.  I'm quite sure you will soon enjoy the experience!'

Greta looked at Karen and placed a casual hand around her naked shoulders.
'Relax my dear and enjoy the spectacle.'

Lisa was still stood, arms above her head, feet flat on the floor.

Greta switched her artful device on.

Instantly Lisa felt the vibrations inside herself, the insistent throbbing from
the fingers probing her clit.  The sensations on her clitoris were too intense
to be pleasurable and she reacted by lifting her heels off the floor.  She
adjusted her position carefully, making sure that the rubber stimulators just
maintained contact with the increasingly sensitive clitoris.  The strain on her
feet was eased to some extent as she experimented with taking some of her weight
on her arms.

The intensity of the vibrations increased and the heavier breathing, as Lisa
clenched her fists, and pushed her bare toes against the floor, showed the
extent to which she was becoming aroused.

'Look at her now, my dear;, Greta whispered into Karen's ear, 'She will have her
first cum any time now.'

'F-f-first cum, Mistress?'  Karen was unsure whether she should speak or not.

'Of course, we shall watch her have many more cums yet, and most of them she
will not want, believe me.  The only way she can avoid the vibrations is to
stand high, or to rest her feet.  Either way, the vibrator will stop, of course,
but she will be nicely stretched instead.'  Greta was confident of the outcome. 
'She will soon long, she will soon beg, to be stretched if only to protect her
clit, she will not be able to help herself!'

As Greta spoke, Lisa started to shudder as the first waves of orgasm coursed
through her.

'Ohhhhhh, yessss!'  Lisa had to vocalise her arousal, she knew that it was
obvious to the onlookers and she felt that she should try to extract as much
pleasure as she could from her predicament.

Her feet were aching and the pressure as her toes clenched tempted her to relax
but she tried to hold her position as long as possible.  The relentless
vibrations continued and intensified as Greta adjusted her controls.

'Nooooooo nooooooooo stop!   Yesssss, keep on doing it!'  Lisa wanted the
pleasure to stop as much as she wanted it to continue.

The tension was building and another massive orgasm shook through her, as her
naked body, her heavy bare tits, her shaven mound began to glisten in a soft
sheen of sweat.  Suddenly, she could take  no more and she relaxed her straining
feet, settling herself hard upon the tormenting rubber probes.  The vibrations
stopped and for one brief, happy, moment, nothing happened.

Then she felt the rubber phallus began to pulsate within her wetness. This time
the whole length began to expand and she felt her whole cunt, from opening to
cervix and beyond being stretched.  Lisa tried to withstand the pressure for as
long as possible before she stood again on tip toe.

Once more, as the phallus shrank back to its normal size, or at least as normal
as was possible.  The vibrations started again.

'Ohmigod, nooooooo!  Please nooooooooo!'  Lisa was screaming for relief from the
continual assault on her wetness.

Nothing happened and this time she attempted to find respite by raising herself
on her toes as far as she could.

Again, the vibrations stopped and paused before she felt the head of the dildo
expand, pushing against her cervix. The stretching was still almost unbearable
but she managed to stand on fullest tip toe for several minutes before again,
inevitably, she relaxed.

Again, the whole cycle of vibration and expansion started again.  Greta was
enjoying the spectacle immensely and withdrew her hand from around the naked
shoulders of the kneeling Karen and casually slipped it between her legs.
Karen noticed how Greta was slowly, discreetly, pleasuring herself but did not,
dare not, react.

As the minutes progressed, as successive orgasms overpowered the naked and sweat
soaked Lisa, she was slowly, so very slowly, beginning to accept that being
filled, being stretched, was almost preferable to the irresistible mechanical
stimulation.

Finally, after over an hour of cycles of pleasure, of pain, more pleasure and
more pain, Lisa settled her feet firmly on the floor and, free of the
vibrations, the never-ending arousal, she submitted to the stretching, the
relentless stretching.

'Mistress, please let me rest, please.  Mistress I beg you please have pity on
me.'  Lisa could do little more than moan, her voice hoarse after so many
screaming orgasms.  'Mistress, I beg you, just stretch my cunt and stop the
vibrations.  I can't stand them any more.  Stretch me instead, please!'

'Yes, soon my dear soon.'  Greta spoke quietly, 'Karen my dear, see how she
begs?  Now go and comfort her, I'm sure she would like you to take some tension
from her nipples now.'

Karen murmured her thanks and got up, padding softly across to the sweat soaked
Lisa.  Lisa looked plaintively into her eyes and gasped as Karen gently cupped
each swollen, heavy, sweat soaked, tit and rubbed her thumbs over the erect and
slick nipples.

'Oh yes, oh yes', Lisa found herself gasping as the pleasure at the alternate
sites asserted itself.

Greta watched with a malicious smile.  Lisa had settled flat footed onto the
probing swollen dildo, and was clearly enjoying the stimulation that Karen was
offering.  She casually flicked  switch.

Lisa gasped.

The swollen monstrosity deep within her started to vibrate and Lisa did not have
the strength, or the will, to try and ease her heels of the floor.  Karen was
aware of the tension developing in the sweating, naked, Lisa and continued to
knead, and then lick, the sweat soaked nipples, enjoying the salty taste.

Lisa screamed as a final orgasm shook her.  Finally at long last the vibrations
stopped and the swollen dildo began to shrink down to its normal size.  Karen
lifted her head from the salty nipples and cradled Lisa's head, kissing her
tenderly on the lips.

'Enough, I shall let you two comfort each other later.  Help Lisa off her little
perch and take her back to her cell.  She needs a good shower, and, if she can't
manage, I think I shall allow you to tend to her needs.'

Karen gasped.  The thought of the unusual opportunity pleased her, and evidently
it please Lisa too.

In unison, they chorused 'Thank you Mistress, thank you.'





End of Part 22


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 23 - Discussion


Greta watched the two naked and exhausted girls make their way into the corridor
leading to their quarters.  She knew that, having given the broad hint, that the
two girls would soon be sharing a shower together.  She got up and moved quickly
to the room that controlled all of the video systems within the house and
dungeon.

Settling down, she selected the view down the corridor and managed to catch a
glimpse of Karen and Lisa just going together into Lisa's room.

As soon as she was sure that they were safely inside, she operated the remote
door lock.

Karen heard the slight click and turned around quizzically.

"What was that?"


"Sounded like the door being locked to me." Lisa murmured, her voice still
hoarse from her earlier noisy orgasms. "You know what that means of course""


"N-no, not really." Karen was puzzled, wondering if this was another trick being
played on them as a prelude for more torments.

"Easy really!  Mistress has locked us in together.  That means that she will
allow us to spend the night together." With that Lisa turned to Karen and threw
her arms around her neck as her lips eagerly sought Karen's.

"Later, my dear, sweet, Lisa, later." Karen was equally impatient but she felt
that a refreshing shower would be the best way to start an enjoyable experience
with her friend.  "Let's"have a shower together and take things from there."


"Oh yes!  Ohmigod, I want you so much!" Lisa pulled away from Karen and led her
into the shower area, before she turned the water to the hottest setting.



In her control room Greta smiled at the image of the two girls.  She adjusted
the cameras to give her the best views of the shower and the bed and set up a
couple of video recorders.   There was no need to sit and watch, there would be
plenty of time, later, when she could view the tapes in her own bedroom with
Karl lying at her side.

Before she left the room she had a quick glance at the male cells.  Ken was
lying quietly and, as was so often the case, gently stroking his cock.  As far
as Greta could tell it was more by force of habit, or boredom, rather than any
attempt to obtain pleasure.  Certainly he did not have the more fixed expression
that he normally adopted during his masturbation sessions before an audience.

Thinking of the possibilities of audience entertainment, participation even, she
looked into Andy's cell.  With the shutter down between the two cells he had
taken time to shower and then lie down on his bed.  Greta was not surprised, in
fact she was quite pleased, to see that he had made himself comfortable and was
gently stroking one of the spike heeled shoes that she had thoughtfully provided
for Ken to entrap him.  How foolish he was if he did not realise that his every
move could be monitored.  Foolish or not, she decided that his room should also
be taped over the next few hours.  She switched on another recorder, and
listened to the gentle whirr of the machines in the quiet of the room.

Thank goodness for technology!  At least Karl and his manufacturing businesses
could provide the highest quality, state of the art, equipment for their private
enterprises.

Stretching herself she stood up and moved towards the door.  It was time to
discuss with Karl the choice of guests for the party and, much more interesting,
to plan, in her own mind, the entertainment.  Hopefully, she thought, Karl will
be nearer to setting up the on-line business as well.  That would be a new
challenge that would be welcome.  The thought of sharing her slaves with
countless others, and catering for other tastes, perhaps more perverse than her
own, excited her.



Greta walked into the spacious study that Karl used for much of his business
activities and settled comfortably on a long, well padded, couch.

"Well, my dear, what have you to report"  Have we finalised our guest list yet,
or are there any outstanding problems"" Greta was very aware that their
gatherings were exclusive and they always made sure that their guests, even
though they were well known to them, were checked before any invite was issued. 
Once or twice in the past they had been badly let down, seriously embarrassed by
guests who had brought with them companions, slaves, who were  not acceptable to
them.  Sadly, one of their best friends had let them down a few months earlier
when they had brought a couple of slaves, one male and one female, who were both
clearly much too young and Karl had had to ask them to leave before any
activities could be started in the dungeon.  Greta and Karl had always made it
very clear to all of their guests that, although the presence of their slaves
was always welcomed, they never wanted anyone under the age of 21 and preferably
a little older.  Or much older, Greta thought smiling.

"Well, there is one small problem which we need to discuss.  Jeff and Marie want
to bring their latest acquisition with them.  She is apparently well trained
although they have been working with her, ha, on her, I should say, for less
than three months."


"Oh yes, so what is the problem"" Greta was suspicious, although Jeff and Marie
were well known to her and they had always been most trustworthy in the past.

"Well, really, it's only a matter of age....."


Greta stopped Karl in mid-sentence.  "You know our rules, and we shouldn't make
exceptions. Explain!"


"It's not too bad,  my dear, not too bad" Karl attempted to soothe Greta, "she
will be 21 in less than a months time and I think that we should make a special
exception here." He went to outline the possibilities.

Greta agreed, with some degree of enthusiasm, to the proposals.  As Jeff and
Marie had planned things they were going to have a particularly pleasurable
demonstration.  She looked forward to it!

"You know, my dear, perhaps we should send everyone on our list another copy of
our rules." Greta felt that this would be a useful thing to do.  "After all, it
is over a year since we last reminded everybody, and we don't want any more
slip-ups do we""


Karl nodded his agreement.  "Certainly not my dear, leave it to me." He ran over
their house rules again in his mind.  No-one under twenty-one.  No blood drawn
or permanent physical damage, which obviously precluded any piercing and such
like, not to mention over enthusiastic beatings.  Karl himself, as a child, had
been savagely beaten at times and he had no wish to see that sort of damage
inflicted on others.  In that, he shared with Greta, a strongly held view that
none of their activities should ever involve young people, one reason why they
strictly enforced their age limit.  As for any animal involvement, they were
absolutely and totally banned, both he and Greta found the thought abhorrent,
although they accepted that some people, perhaps, had different views.  That was
it, he thought, as Greta spoke to him again.

"Don't forget to explain that we will only tolerate anal activities as far as
the use of butt plugs and similar insertions.  There are always problems if
someone wants to have full intercourse in that way, and we have enough variety
here anyway." Greta smiled at her husband.  "Oh, yes, don't forget that includes
the scat stuff too, we don't want a repetition of the trouble we had last year
with those people." Greta referred to an occasion when one of their trusted
guests had brought along a friend of their own, visiting from overseas, who had
wanted to introduce a new practice into the dungeon.

"Of course my dear, you are absolutely correct.  By the way what is our attitude
on golden showers, er, watersport"  Have you any ideas before we get this lot
printed out""


"No, I think you know my views.  I don't really want to see people being pissed
on myself, but I am happy, more than happy, to see our slaves humiliated by
having to urinate in public.  Looking at the females is always, so, shall we
say, interesting.  As for the men, well, you know how shy they all are, so yes,
we should not object if and when the topic arises."

"Any other problems my dear." Greta was happy now that the issue of the age of
the new slave had been satisfactorily resolved.  After all, by the next time she
would be likely to be brought, she would be over the magical age anyway. And, if
all went well with Karl's plan, she was sure that there would be a next time.

"None at all.  I think if you care to look at the list and see what everyone is
planning you will be quite happy." Karl passed over a bundle of files to Greta,
who began to read them with interest.  She always took a great interest in this
part of the invitation process.  It was one of the better ideas that Karl had
introduced.  For every party they had they always drew up a list of possible
attendees and then arranged for discreet checks to be made before they, in turn,
asked each couple who they would bring, and, more important, what they proposed
as their contribution to the weekend entertainment.

Greta turned to the first file, Jeff and Marie.  The reports were all as she had
expected, they had been well acquainted for a long time and she did not expect
to find any real problems.  They had a particular taste for inflicting
humiliation, verbal as well as physical, on their chosen slaves, and, as Greta
well knew, they were very versatile in their efforts.  She had once lost a bet
with Karl and he had offered her to Jeff and Marie for them to use as they
pleased for 24 hours.  It was an experience that she would never forget, but an
experience that, perhaps, one day, she would like to try again.  Enough of those
dreams, she thought, and turned her attention back to the file.  There was the
small problem of age here it seemed, but that had been resolved.., They had
recently released their long term slave, as their agreement had come to an end. 
They were a couple who always insisted on some form of contract with their
submissives and always allowed for a mutual separation if such a request ever
came up.  Greta knew that they had been without a slave for some months and she
had not been aware that they had finally resolved the problem. The fact that
Jeff worked, at a managerial level, for Karl meant that the menfolk had often
chatted, but they always observed a strict separation of business and pleasure. 
This report was the first indication that they had found a replacement.  The new
female was called Alix, a tall, slim blonde, acceptable in every way, other than
the fact she was just short of her 21st. Karl's earlier explanation had
satisfied Greta and now she was curious to see what else the girl had to offer. 
Apart from being well acquainted with the pleasures of the flesh, of leather and
restraint, it appeared that she had not yet realised that slaves were just that. 
Property to be shared and used, by their owners and by their owner's friends. 
This weekend would be her initiation into that realm, and after the event
planned for her, she was being offered to Greta to use as she wished.  Greta
passed the file back to Karl with an approving nod.

The next file, Ron and Agnes, was quite slim.  They had always brought their
current slave with them, at the moment they were holding a pleasant, athletic
male called Peter, who, according to the information available had "some
interesting features"  He was clearly well used to being displayed and, as Agnes
worked as a designer for the Leather Goods firm that Ron owned, he was always
likely to be dressed in one of her latest creations.  Greta was well aware that
the couple ran their business at two levels with one, the public image, being
devoted to a successful retail operation specialising in bikers wear and in more
general female fashion items.  Their other venture was more discreet, by mail
order or personal recommendation, and that specialised in custom made bondage
wear and a large, very large, Greta thought grimly, variety of restraint
equipment.  They had planned to bring several new items with them and the
thought of having a chance to see Karen modelling in some new, as yet,
unsoftened leather, leather that retained its stiffness, appealed to Greta. She
always liked the use of leather that had become supple through intensive use but
there was an undeniable pleasure in testing the reactions of a slave against the
firmer caress of freshly cut leather, stiff and hard.  As she read through the
notes Greta recalled how Agnes liked to treat any females in her control.  She
had always shown a particular skill, and had enjoyed considerable pleasure, when
she tried out her various ideas for breast and nipple torment. Greta recalled
that in the past Lisa had been a firm favorite and she wondered just how much
she, or perhaps Karen, would have to endure this time.

Greta turned the next file, which recorded the details about Dave and Lucy. This
couple were particularly interested in the use of rubber and latex as a means of
both domination and humiliation, but they were always welcome for another
reason, almost unique in Greta's experience.  The "owned"a married couple some
years older than themselves who they used to amuse and entertain themselves and
others within their circle of friends.  Greta frowned as she tried to recall
some of the details of the relationship.  Dave had worked with Allan for a
number of years in some sort of high tech engineering constancy and the two had
been firm friends.  During a conversation one day Allan had revealed that his
wife, Joy, was becoming less interested in sexual matters, at least with  him. 
He suspected that she was ignoring him and was having an affair, perhaps a
series of affairs, that gave her satisfaction but left him feeling frustrated. 
Dave had discussed this with Lucy and they had decided to reveal their penchant
for having, using, submissive people to provide their own pleasures and they
suggested that Allan could introduce Joy and take things from there.  It had
apparently been a fairly difficult task until they had fully ensnared Joy, and
by that time Allan had himself begun to find that he too relished a role where
he could be humiliated.  The end result was that, while both couples were
outwardly normal, in private, Allan and Joy served as playthings for their
friends, and Allan, far from having recovered his normal sexual relationships
with his wife had been reduced to helping her widen her own range of
acquaintances.  Greta was amused at the thought of how Dave had changed his
roles.  He had taken some time to achieve his purpose but now, Greta was aware,
he had trained Allan to act as a form of procurer for his own wife, and was
expected, not only to watch and assist her in her debauches, but also to collect
payment for her services.  This latter, Greta thought, was the ultimate
humiliation.  Allan had to pimp for his wife, he had to watch her being used, by
men or women, or both, and then he had to ask, or sometimes beg, for the payment
due.  Joy in her turn, whilst at least having a degree of pleasure, was, perhaps
none to subtly humiliated in her realisation that, in the final analysis, she
was no more than a whore, a prostitute.   Definitely a couple worth knowing,
Greta thought, looking forward to the latest machinations that Dave and Lucy had
planned for their submissive coupe.

The final file, Mike and Wendy, was the thinnest of all.  Mike was a relatively
new member of the circle and he and his wife had not attended many gatherings.
However, they had got an interesting pet, a tall slim girl with short cropped
hair who was actively bisexual.  Elaine was, or at least had been, a member of
the local police department but, for reasons that never became public, she had
been dismissed the service.  As far as Greta could deduce she and a fellow
female officer had been making enthusiastic use of a cell and using their
regulation handcuffs on any suitably nubile female prisoner who came across
their path until such time as they could be seduced by one or other of them. 
The whole scandal had been hushed up to some extent and her fellow officer,
after her dismissal, had moved well away from the district. Elaine, in her
search for employment had been interviewed by Mike for a post as a security
officer at his small engineering firm and, despite her lack of references, had
been offered the job.  It was only later that Mike had revealed that he knew her
whole history and the fact that the last girl they had tried to seduce was in
fact a younger sister of his wife Wendy.  On the threat of public embarrassment,
Elaine had agreed to become a slave to Mike and his wife and to provide them
both with sexual services on demand.  As they had got her further enmeshed they
had begun to use her to test their ideas on restraint, using devices and
equipment that they had devised themselves and had had fabricated in their
workshop.  Such was the success of their work that they had, rather like Ron and
Agnes, developed a flourishing mail order business supplying and making
equipment for like minded enthusiasts across the country.  Greta smiled as she
read the notes.  Wendy was a particularly nice person and she had formed a firm
friendship with her and her husband.  The fact that Mike had particular skills
in metal working meant that he was yet another person who she and Karl could use
in their private pleasures.

"Well, they all seem to be fine to me my dear."Greta smiled at her husband as
she returned the files.  "Everyone seems to be behaving and your check-ups have
proved that. Let's hope that your investigator never lets us down."


"No fear on that point ,my dear, I trust her absolutely, and if there was the
slightest hint of trouble, I think we could use her as a specimen to test out
some of the more serious floggers that we never seem to use." Karl smiled, as he
looked at Greta. "In any case, don't forget that we have some very incriminating
tapes of him as security."


Greta nodded, thankful that the sophisticated equipment that her husband's, no,
their, business manufactured was used for their own protection as well as to
make a healthy, a very healthy, profit.

"Now, my dear, it's getting late, I suggest we retire to the bedroom.  You might
just like to look at the latest tapes of slaves Lisa and Karen.  I left the
machine running before I came up here." Greta smiled sexily, "After all, who
knows, you might just get turned on by their antics!"


"Ha!  And you won't, I suppose my dear"" Karl was well aware of his wife's deep
interest in anything remotely describable as erotic or pornographic.



A short time later Greta lay naked on the bed with her equally naked and freshly
showered husband.  Karl slid his arm around her shoulders and brought her
towards him so that she could embrace and kiss him full on the lips.  After a
few moments of this, Greta pulled away, never truly happy when she had to kiss
her husband, or, indeed, any male.

"Patience, dearest!  Let's just look at what our video has captured tonight."
Greta sat up and manipulated the remote control, which was linked in turn to the
master viewing room.  Just like interactive satellite, Greta thought to herself
as she selected the correct tape and rewound it in readiness.  "OK, there we
are, this is the one I started when I left slaves Karen and Lisa in Lisa's room. 
I don't suppose the recording in the shower will be much use, I expect the room
got pretty steamy." Greta chuckled at her little joke.  "We can always check
that tape later but I thought we'd just concentrate on the bedroom.  Is that all
right with you my dear""




Greta settled back on the bed, nestling against Karl's nakedness, and feeling
the first signs of his arousal pressing against her lower back.

For several minutes the tape revealed the empty and unruffled bed, although
there were muffled voices as the girls happily washed and dried themselves in
the shower area.  As Greta as suspected, the room was  clouded with steam and it
had taken the air conditioning a little time before it had cleared so that they
could see the naked girls about to enter the bedroom.

Karen came into the room leading Lisa by the hand.  Both girls were glowing and
they had made some minimum effort to tidy their hair, making themselves look
both vulnerable and attractive.  Greta felt herself flush a little as she looked
at their nakedness and their gently bobbing breasts as they walked across the
room.  Karl easily gave his own emotions away as his erection strengthened and
pushed relentlessly against Greta.

"In a moment, my dear, in a moment." Greta was impatient with her husband. She
wanted to watch more of the action in the distant room and was determined that
her husbands energetic thrustings and moanings would not spoil her
concentration.


Karl responded by attempting to enter Greta from behind, thrusting his cock
urgently against her slick, engorged labia.

"Here my dear, let me hold your hardness in my hand, I know you like that."
Greta moved away and slipped her hand down and held her husbands throbbing cock
firmly in her hand.  "Just look and learn.  You know that I always tell you that
us girls are so much better than men.  You might pick up some good ideas, slave
Karen seems to be quite an experienced lover." Greta felt the familiar flush as
she recalled her pleasant experiences with Karen a few hours ago.

Both concentrated on the screen as Karen sat on the edge of the bed and pulled
Lisa down beside her.  She slipped her arm around her shoulders and pulled her
head towards her.  Karen stared into her eyes and then planted an open mouthed
kiss onto Lisa's waiting lips.  The kiss seemed to linger almost timelessly as
the girls maintained contact at the same time as they gently ran their hands
over each others body.

Finally, Karen pulled away and pushed Lisa flat on her back.  For the first time
the speaker crackled into life, breaking the silence that had continued from the
moment the girls had entered the bedroom.

"Now, dear, dear Lisa, I want you to lie there and let me make love to you.  I
want you to relax and let me take control of you." Karen murmured in a low voice
as she stared directly into Lisa's eyes.

Lisa lay still and moved her legs slightly apart as she felt Karen's hands begin
to caress her long smooth legs.  Teasingly Karen moved her hands down to the
smooth bare feet and began to knead each one, gently teasing each bare sole and
holding each bare foot up to her lips.  Lisa looked at Karen and muttered
something too quietly to be heard clearly.

"Only if you beg, only if you beg." Karen had obviously understood and was
tormenting Lisa.

"Please Karen, I'm begging you to suck my toes, please." This time she could be
clearly heard.  Karen appeared to be more than happy to oblige and spent several
minutes gently sucking each toe before she began to run her tongue up the inside
of each leg and then kiss Lisa behind each knee.

Lisa was finding herself unable to resist wriggling and, soundlessly, she was
trying to urge Karen to bring her questing tongue higher and higher.  Slowly, so
slowly, Karen began to lick up the tender, sensitive, inner thighs until she
reached the smoothly shaven labia.

"You like, Lisa, you like"" Karen sat up and looked at Lisa, a faint smile
playing about her lips.

"God, yes, don't stop now!" Lisa was desperate for the delicate and sensitive
stimulation to continue.

Karen bent her head down and began to lightly run her tongue along the narrow
slit between Lisa's engorged labia.  As she did so it became clear that the
moisture was not solely from Karen's probing tongue and, as the tongue reached
the delicate bud of Lisa's clitoris, it was apparent that she was indeed
beginning to produce copious amounts of her sweet tasting juices.  Karen was
eagerly lapping them up, allowing her face to become covered in the musky
slickness before she moved up and kissed Lisa on the lips, neatly giving her an
intimate taste of her own arousal.


Greta was watching entranced at the technique, Karen was showing herself to be a
truly sensitive lover, taking each step gently and unhurriedly.  She was
certainly becoming ever more desirable to Greta as she tightened her hand around
Karl's rigid erection.  As she did so she became aware of sticky feeling of
pre-cum on his swollen glans.  Karl was obviously aroused and it was becoming
equally obvious that he was struggling to control himself.

"Please my dear, please, stop the tape and let me fuck you now.  We can always
watch it later." Karl whispered in his wife's ear.

Greta was reluctant to take her eyes off the screen, where Karen had just moved
her attentions back to Lisa's glistening labia.  Karen began extending her
tongue so that the tip made just the lightest contact with the emerging bud of
Lisa's clitoris.  With the sensation Lisa began bucking her hips towards the
probing tongue as she begged for more.  Slowly Karen began to push her tongue
around the swelling, protruding, bud making Lisa moan loudly.

Entranced by the sight Greta took her hand off her husbands cock and began to
finger herself, to finger her own soaking loins.

Freed from restraint Karl moved urgently and grabbed the remote control off the
side of the bed and switched the tape off.

"Now, damn you now!" Karl began t straddle Greta's naked form.  "Now, let me
fuck you, bitch." His actions began to match his words as he pushed with his
muscular legs and opened Greta wide to his throbbing red and bulging cock. With
one thrust he brutally entered Greta, sliding easily and deeply on the copious
fluids which were oozing from within.

Greta made an attempt to stop him, she was more than sufficiently aroused and
she wanted to be fucked, and fucked long and hard, but this was too soon.  She
wanted to watch and savor more of Karen's love making before allowing Karl to
indulge himself.

"No, stop, wait just a little longer, please, my dear." Greta made a despairing
plea to Karl who merely grunted and continued to thrust rapidly into
Greta's softness.

Greta decided to relax and to enjoy his wildness.  While she did desperately
want to watch the two girls, while she actually preferred female love, there was
always a time when she had to give in to her other instincts and to indulge in
raw passion with a man, any man in fact, although her husband was generally the
nearest and most suitable male.

She lay there feeling the full strokes, the almost complete withdrawal followed
by the complete and total penetration, as they increased in intensity.  Despite
herself she raised her legs up on either side of her body until her knees were
nudging against her husbands shoulders and her ankles were crossed behind his
back locking his bucking body close to hers.

Soon, all too soon, she felt Karl slow his pace, withdraw slowly and then thrust
his cock deep inside her as it pulsed and began to ejaculate his thick cream
onto her cervix.  As he eased away Greta released her legs from around his body
and gently fingered her clit.  As so often happened she had only just begun to
achieve a full and releasing orgasm as Karl finished his exertions and she had
no qualms about giving herself the ultimate release.

Karl knelt with his softening cock slowly slipping out of Greta's liquid cunt as
he watched her fingers frantically strumming her clit, using globs of his
escaping cum as an additional and welcome lubricant to her efforts.

Finally, with an ecstatic scream Greta reached her own overwhelming orgasm.


Karl pulled away and they lay side by side their sweat soaked bodies touching.

"Didn't I manage to make you cum my dear"" Karl asked the unnecessary question.

"No, but then you rarely do, do you!" Greta was exasperated.  There was no
question that she enjoyed, needed, a regular and vigorous fucking by a man, any
man she thought again, but, above all she need her orgasms.  It seemed to her
that the main provider of orgasms was either herself or another female.

She lay thinking, going over the scenes from the video in her mind and feeling
more arousal, almost time for another orgasm.  As she fingered herself again she
corrected her earlier thoughts.  No, there was an exception, there was a man who
could, and always did, give her a series of mind-numbing orgasms.  She would
have to arrange to get into with him soon.

Very soon!

Yes, that was it, she would do it very soon indeed.

After all Ken was only a matter of minutes away from her as he slept in his warm
and comfortable cell.





End of Part 23


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 24 - Therapy


Greta looked  over at her sleeping husband.  So typical of him to use her, to
leave her unsatisfied, to roll over and go to sleep.  So typical of so many men
she thought.  She carefully eased herself away from his naked body and lifted
herself off the bed cautiously, before she slipped on a pair of mules and a
light robe.

Quietly opening the door, she looked back at her husband, breathing heavily in
his sleep, as she headed towards the slave quarters.  Before she went towards
the male cells she had a quick check on the television monitors, which were
always active.  Ken was lying on his side and fast asleep.  Good, she thought,
he will be well rested by now, before I wear him out.

Greta went down the corridor and opened the cell door, closing it quietly behind
her.  She walked over to the bed and looked down at the naked form of her
favorite slave, no, she corrected herself, her favorite male slave.  Never
forget Karen!  Stepping out of her mules she slipped the robe from her shoulders
and leant over Ken, allowing her pendulous breasts, her firm nipples, to brush
gently over his cheek.  At the unaccustomed touch Ken stirred slightly and moved
his position, turning his face upwards.  Greta seized the opportunity and
brushed her nipples across his lips and slowly lowered herself so that the warm,
resilient, flesh pressed against Ken's nose, preventing him from breathing
properly.

'Mmmmmpppppppfffffff.....aaaaaarrrrrr.'  Ken stirred and struggled to breathe as
he woke abruptly.  He opened his eyes and looked around him frantically, before
he saw Greta, naked and smiling above him.

'M-m-mistress?'  Ken was confused as he tried to brush the clouds of sleep from
his mind.

'Hush, my dear slave. I have need of your services.'  Greta smiled as she spoke.
'Never fear, it will not be too unpleasant for you.'  She settled herself on the
edge of the bed and reached down to touch Ken's cock, stirring already from the
sight and touch of her warm soft breasts.

'What do you want me to do Mistress?'  Ken looked puzzled but deep in his mind
he thought he knew the answer.  After all it was not the first time that his
Mistress had visited him during the night hours.

'Very easy, very simple, I want you to fuck me, and fuck me hard!'  Greta made
no pretence about her requirements, her needs. Ken was her slave and he was well
aware of her demands.  She never explained to him the reasons for her night time
calls but she was sure that he had a good idea of those reasons. Even so, she
thought, that was no justification to reveal the shortcomings of his Master. 
The fact that Karl was normally more than adequate for her needs made his
occasional lapses, those occasional times when he did not manage to pace himself
to completely satisfy her, infrequent.  There was no need to even hint at those
shortcomings.  Greta laughed aloud at the thought. Short-comings?  Or short
cummings?  She turned to Ken and pushed him to one side as she settled herself
comfortably on the center of his warm bed.

'Now, I want you to send me wild with pleasure. I want you to make me cum and
keep on cumming until I tell you to stop.  Understood?'

'Oh yes, Mistress, of course I understand.'  Ken was all too familiar with her
needs, he had had previous experience of her demands and her stamina and, even
though he was loathe to admit it, she was the only woman that he had serviced,
that he had fucked, who had come anywhere near to matching his own well
developed libido.

'One other thing, before you start.  You will not cum, you will not even begin
to cum, until I give you permission.'  Greta stared him fully in the face. 'You
well know the penalties if you disappoint me!'

Ken was only too aware of the penalties.  On the one occasion when had lost
control of his own passions Greta had taken him to the dungeon and, with the
help of her husband, had thrashed him mercilessly.  It was the one and only time
that Greta had beaten a slave hard enough to break skin and she had left Ken
badly bruised.  She had bitterly regretted her loss of control and, although she
had confided her regrets to her husband and assured him that it would never
happen again, Ken was not aware of her remorse.

Greta lifted her arms and pulled Ken on top of her, easing her hips as his hard
erection slowly slid into her.  As he began to thrust in and out of her wetness
she lifted her legs and, as she had done with her husband less than an hour ago,
locked her ankles around his waist, holding him near and limiting his thrusts. 
As she felt her arousal beginning to build she began to tense her legs in time
with Ken's urgent thrusting, so that, rather than stopping his almost complete
withdrawal, she added her own strength to his inward probings, giving her the
fiercer thrusting that she so desperately needed.

'Ohhhhh, ahhhhhhhhh, don't stop, don't stop!'  Greta pleaded breathlessly as the
first waves of her orgasm began to sweep over her.

Ken had no intention of stopping, but he was surprised at the speed of Greta's
first orgasm.  He was aware, when he first entered her, that her lubrication,
her slickness, her oiliness, was not solely of her own making.  He could feel
along the length of his cock a different wetness, a wetness, a sensation that
really only a man could detect.  The wetness of semen, of another mans
spendings.  Ken was not offended by the feeling, indeed, like many men he rather
enjoyed the feeling of taking his turn with a woman.  Perhaps that was because
he did not often get the chance to savor that distinctive sensation. Normally,
his duties as a slave, servicing other slaves, meant that he was the first man
to take a woman, leaving the glutinous sensations for others. Assuming, he
thought, that he had not stretched their cunts too far with his abnormally large
erection.

Greta was continuing to writhe, impaled on his shaft, as the thoughts raced
through his head.  She was well on the way to another orgasm and, to torment
her, he slowed his pace to a near standstill, withdrawing quickly and then
re-entering her as slowly as he could manage.  Greta only moaned more loudly,
more intensely, as she enjoyed the almost imperceptible inward thrusts, as she
felt the rim of the swollen glans rub across the sensitive sponge-like inner
flesh.

'Yessssss, yessssssss I'm cummmmmmmming, I'm cummmmmmmmmming!'

Ken smiled into the darkness of the room, just managing to see Greta's wide eyed
stare and gaping, gasping mouth in the dim light of the room.  She was a woman
in the very depths of a mind numbing orgasm.

Finally Greta unwound her legs and pushed Ken away.  As he rolled on to his side
Greta sat up and urged him into the center of the bed.

'Now, it's my turn, let me sit on that cock!  Give me another cum like that and
I shall permit you to shoot your cum deep into me.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress!'  Ken settled himself and held his rigid cock
upright, thrusting the swollen, glistening glans towards the ceiling as Greta
straddled him and, opening her already distended labia with her fingers, guided
herself on to the thick shaft.

Greta was already at a high level of arousal and she knew that another orgasm
was within reach but she forced herself to ease down the shaft as slowly as she
could.  As her wetness slid down further Ken attempted to meet her by gently
lifting his hips upwards.

'No!'  Greta spoke sharply. 'Keep absolutely still and let me fuck you!'

Ken was more than willing to comply.  Like so many men, he always enjoyed the
feeling of submission to the superior skills, the superior tactile sensations,
as a woman lowered herself on his erection.

Greta continued her gentle thrustings and teasing withdrawals until she felt her
orgasm about to peak.  Sliding her fingers over and around her clit she began to
frantically strum the over-distended bud, extending it like the miniature cock
that it really was.

'Now!  Now!  Cum inside me now!'  Greta ordered, pleaded, with Ken to shoot his
thick cream deep inside her.

Ken had struggled to hold himself in control and now that he was given the
opportunity he returned Greta's' frantic thrustings with his own, regardless of
the way his loins crushed her fingers into, around, her clitoris.

Inevitably and suddenly, Greta felt an explosion of wetness, of hot wetness,
deep inside her, flooding her depths and even, by the very volume of cum,
actually distending her deepest recesses.

'Ohmigod, ohmigoid, yesss yesssssssssss!'  Greta screamed and fell forward
helplessly onto Ken's sweat soaked chest.  'Well done ,my sweet slave, well
done.'

Minutes later Ken dared to move as he felt his thick cock slowly soften and, of
its own volition, slowly withdraw from the wet enveloping folds, drawing with it
thick strands of his own spendings.

'Did I please you Mistress?'

'You know that!  Perhaps I will tell the Master how well you perform.'

'Thank you Mistress', Ken suspected that that always happened.  That, after such
an intense session with her slave, his Mistress re-lived the experience with her
husband.   Greta was aware of his suspicions but she never confirmed them. 
Better to keep a slave guessing and to use them for such pleasures as they may
give, but do not give them ideas above their lowly station.

Greta stood up and looked around the room, thankful for the sound-proofing,
without which her screams of ecstasy would surely have awakened the sleeping
Andy.  She walked across to the shower, to wash away the sweat streaked stains
across her breasts  and between her thighs before she returned to her own
bedroom.  Ken lay on his back and closed his eyes, his cum streaked cock lying
limply over his thigh.



Greta awoke slowly and became aware that her husband had already showered and
dressed.

'Did you have a good time my dear?'  He smiled knowingly at his wife.  'You
know, one day I shall install night vision cameras in those cells and then you
will have no secrets from me.'

'I have no secrets my dear, you know that.  Yes, thank you, slave Ken performed
well, as he always does.  You know I'll tell you all later, and then you can try
to repeat his efforts right here on our own bed.'

Karl leered at his wife, ' I will look forward to that!  And I shall make you
beg me to stop too.'

'Now, be careful, I may just hold you to that!'  Greta smiled lasciviously at
Karl.  'That will have to be later though, we have to arrange for the
preparation of the female slaves.  I think I'll phone Margo and get her to give
Karen and Lisa the full treatment.'

'Good idea, that.  And perhaps she would welcome a little present afterwards?'
Karl queried his wife.

'Yes, exactly so, my dear!'  Greta smiled.  Margo was her favorite beautician. A
former slave beholden to a friend of theirs, when she had outlived her
usefulness, Greta had arranged to set her up in her own business, which had
turned out to be a very profitable investment.  Margo had an extensive clientele
and had, not infrequently, suggested potential recruits for Greta and Karl.  She
always provided her services free for Greta, and having experienced the life
style, was the ideal person to prepare the females.



In their own cell, Karen and Lisa woke up.  Karen was confused at first, before
she recalled that she had spent the whole night wrapped in Lisa's arms.  She
smiled at the thought of the love making, the intense pleasure that she both
given and received.  Perhaps next time, she would invite Lisa to take the lead
while she submitted willingly to her sweet torments.

There was a slight crackle from the speaker set in the wall by the door.  'Wake
up my dears, time to go home!'  Greta's voice sounded cheerful as the door
opened with a click.  'Karen, go and shower.  On your own, ha ha!  Time to eat
and then you both have a busy day.  I have arranged for Margo to visit you
both.'

The speaker clicked off, as almost simultaneously the dividing screen rose
noiselessly into the ceiling.

'Who is....'

'Shhhhhh!'  Lisa put her fingers to her lips, 'No talking until you are in your
own room.  Go and shower and have your breakfast and then I'll explain.'

Karen went through her morning routine, and, showered and refreshed, walked
towards the bars separating her from Lisa.

'Now, dear Lisa, do tell me what is going on.'

'Actually, there is nothing to worry about, Margo is our own personal
beautician.  She visits here quite regularly and when she does she gives me, and
now you, a full facial, manicure and pedicure.' Lisa smiled softly at Karen.
'Believe she is very nice and very professional.  Oh yes, I must warn you.  She
does also make sure that we are nice and smooth ....everywhere!  And, of course,
she doesn't use a razor.  If you haven't been waxed you have a lot to learn!'

Karen smiled back at Lisa. 'Well now, smooth everywhere, eh?  Well the pedicure
will fix my feet of course, and I always had one every month anyway, so that's
no problem.  Waxing?  Oh yes!  I know the feeling, brings tears to the eyes, but
it's worth it afterwards isn't it?'

Lisa looked quizzically at Karen.  'Oh, I didn't know you had had that done.
Don't you mind?'

'Well, let's say that the first time I had my legs done it was so......so
painful, but I got used to that.  And then I began to have the full waxing, I
think it's called the Hollywood.  I didn't fancy having just a strip so I
decided that, rather than shaving regularly, it was worth having the full
treatment.  Actually, you know, it was a good idea, because the effects last so
much longer and you get so much smoother.  In the end you hardly ever need
doing.'  Karen smiled at the thought of being freshly prepared, of being utterly
smooth and exposed.

Lisa held her hand through the bars.  'Thank you for telling me, I've only had
it done a few times and it always hurts so much for a few hours.  Now I shan't
mind because you are going to be beside me.'

'Of course I shall.  So what do we do now?  Sit and wait for Mistress?'

'Yes, we can just sit here and talk or do whatever we like until Margo arrives.'
Lisa's eyes sparkled.  'Mind you, I don't think we should, er, you know, er,
play.  We don't want to get too sticky just yet, after all.'

'Really?  What does that mean?'

'Nothing my dear, I don't think Margo is like that.  She is very nice and
understanding to us females.  I think she could be much harder if she was
working on a man.  Like waxing a man's legs, or his more sensitive parts.' Lisa
paused.  'In fact I suspect she would rather enjoy that!   I hope she doesn't
get a chance to prettify Andy, or he may never be the same.'

Karen smiled.  'You know, dear Lisa, I think I don't care any more.  I've not
really been close to him for some time and these last days have given a new
meaning to my life.  I am more than happy, and with you as well, I really am so
very happy here.  After all, it seems that Mistress is not too unkind to us.'

'True, she and Master do treat us very well here.  But be warned.  Sometimes
their guests can be nasty.  I don't know who they've invited this time but there
is one couple who can be quite unpleasant.  But, look, don't worry about it.  I
know that whatever happens you will be all right.  You are a survivor.'



Finally, after a long wait, and an exchange of confidences and experiences,
Greta came down to the cells and collected the two girls.  As always they had to
walk, quite naked, in front of her, giving her a pleasant thrill as she observed
their smooth naked rears as they progressed smoothly down the corridor.  Lisa
led the way into a small room that Karen had not seen before. A room that was
clearly fully equipped with sinks and the usual paraphernalia of the typical
beauty salon.

'Stand over there and wait.  And make sure you stand nice and upright, I shall
be checking on camera from time to time.'  Karen was surprised that even this
small, rarely used room was also fully equipped with video surveillance cameras,
but, on reflection, she was not totally surprised.  After all it did appear that
Greta and Karl were making extensive use of the sophisticated products that
their companies manufactures.

After some minutes, while the girls stood nakedly erect and unmoving, the door
opened and a short, motherly woman bustled in, shod in flat white shoes and
wearing a crisp while coverall.  Her greying hair was neatly styled and she
looked pleasant and sophisticated.

'Hello Lisa.  Oh, and you must be Karen.  I'm Margo.'

Karen smiled and spoke before Lisa had a chance to open her mouth.  'Hello
Mistress.'

'No, no, no!'  Margo smiled broadly.  'You don't have to call me Mistress.  You
can call me Miss or even Margo if you like, but I think your Mistress would
prefer you to just call me Miss.'

'Thank you Miss.'  Karen bowed her had and blushed at her misunderstanding.

'Don't worry my dear.  Has Lisa explained about me yet?'

'No, not really...but you are here as a beautician I guess.'

'Oh yes, indeed, the works.  When I've finished you'll both be so smooth and
silky you won't want to stop stroking yourselves.'  Margo smiled broadly.  ''Or
each other!  Bet you two just love playing with each other!'

'N-n-no, not really!'  Karen protested, without any real conviction.

'Of course not.  Look, I've been there done that and I loved it, but now, well,
look at me.'  Margo spun round in front of the naked girls.  'Karen, you get in
the chair while I start your pedicure and I'll tell you all about me.'

Yes, Miss Margo!'

'Well, you see, I was once a slut, a slave, like you two, but then, you know,
age, whatever, caught up with me and my owners decided to get rid of me.  They
wanted to sell me on to one of those places, those, those...'  Margo struggled
with the word, '..brothels that specialised in way out kinky sex, and worse. But
your Mistress took pity on me, because I had always been good to her and always
pleased her however she wished.'

Margo paused and rubbed some warm oil into Karen's feet, gently kneading them
and rubbing the toes as she continued.

'No, she was kindness itself, she bought me, and then set me up in this
business.  She sent me clients, straight ones, you understand, and I made a
success.  So much so that I paid Mistress Greta back in full, with interest, and
now, to be quite honest, I'm a wealthy woman.'

Karen was puzzled. 'Well in that case, why do you bother with girls like us?'

'Well, for one thing, I've been there, as I said, and I do understand things
from your point of view, and I know that Mistress Greta doesn't mind me talking
freely, at any time, if you want to discuss anything, anything at all.  Of
course, to be honest with you, there is one other thing which also appeals to
me.  Something rather special, or at least I think it is.'

Lisa, who had never heard Margo discuss things like this before, was fascinated.

'Please, Miss Margo, tell me, tell us, just what is your little secret.'

'No secret my dear, you may find out anyway sooner or later.  It's so easy. You
see, like I said before, I like working with ladies, with young women like
yourselves and I have to admit that I do enjoy working on your nice firm young
bodies, but, even more than that, I like to have a man to pleasure me.'

Karen giggled.  'Oh, is that all, so join the club, I might be a bi girl but I
still like a man.'  She blushed and looked at Lisa.  'Sorry my dear, I hope you
don't mind.  You know how I feel about you!'

Lisa nodded and looked at Margo expectantly, waiting for her to explain.

Margo motioned Karen to move on to the padded bench and to open her legs. 'Time
for your waxing my dear.  Hmmmmmm, interesting, have you been doing this long? 
You are pretty well smooth already.'

Karen nodded and explained her earlier experience with hot wax and its effects
both pleasant and unpleasant[ .

'OK, I'll just get started hen.'  Margo prepared her materials.  'Now, where was
I?'



'Oh yes, men.  Men!.  Well as I told you, I had been in service as a slave and
much of that time I was treated with great kindness.  Oh, don't misunderstand, I
was tormented, punished, humiliated, all the sort of things you both know about. 
And, like you, I enjoyed, really enjoyed all of that.  But there were one or two
men that I had to pleasure, to indulge in so many quite vicious ways.  I came to
feel a dislike for men in general despite my slave status, but then I found
that, loathe them or not, I really did need to feel the hardness, the thickness
of a man.'

Margo paused and stood up.  'Now look at me, I'm not the most attractive woman
around, not anymore, am I?'

Lisa and Karen spoke together. 'No, don't be silly, you are so nice, so
lady-like.'

'No, wait until you get to my age, fifty one last birthday, and you might change
your mind.'  Margo smiled as she began to apply strips of hot wax around Karen's
sparsely sprouting flesh.

'No indeed, but I still need a man, and I need him in my power and that's where
Mistress Greta is so kind to me.  She understands, perhaps only too well, the
needs of a woman.  So, whoops sorry my dear!' Margo apologised as she pulled
some of the hardened wax away from between Karen's' outspread legs.  'No, to
continue.  She lets me use a man, as long as she can supervise things, and she
lets me use him as I please and to humiliate him as I please.'

Lisa interrupted the conversation.  You mean, you get him to fuck you?'

'Of course, as long and as much as I desire, as long as I...,' Margo emphasised
the word, 'I desire.'

'But how do you manage that?' Karen asked, trying to ignore the stinging as more
wax was pulled way, 'Sorry, I didn't mean....'

'Of course not my dear, I understand.  Well, look at me.  If a man has a choice
between fucking one of you two or fucking me it is obvious who he will choose.
But Mistress Greta has her little ways, and when she has worked her magic you
can be sure that I can have any man I choose, as many times as I choose.'

Karen wiped a tear from her eye as the full stinging impact of the last strip of
wax reached her.  'Mmm, go on then, how does she do it?  Tell us the secret. 
Please!'

'Oh no, my dear, oh no.  But, you ever know, you may soon be finding out.
Perhaps sooner than you think.'

Lisa looked across at Karen and pouted.  'Please, please tell us.'

'No, young lady, no.'  Margo looked at Lisa, 'And now let me start on you,
pedicure first and then the wax.  By the look of you when I start that you may
feel a little more than Karen here.'

Karen sat up and smiled across at Lisa as Margo began her ministrations on Lisa. 
There were still many things to do before Margo could finish her tasks and she
thought that she still might tell them something.

'Perhaps....'  Karen began tentatively.

Margo knew what she was intending.  'No, that is an end to the matter.  All I
will say, is that you may well find out.  Soon!  Just wait and see!.'





End of Part 24


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 25 - Getting Ready


Margo finally completed her efforts.  At Margo's invitation Karen and Lisa felt
themselves all over, to savor the smoothness, and then, needing little further
persuasion, they began to caress each other.

As Lisa was slowly running her hands over Karen's freshly burnished mound the
door opened and Greta strode in.

'Oh yes, oh yes indeed!'  She admonished the pair and, turning, winked at Margo. 
'So this is what you get up to is it?  Trying to Margo?'

'No, no, Mistress, it was only for a moment.  Honestly!'  Lisa entered a plea
for both of them.

'Of course, of course.  I believe you.'  Greta was obviously in a good relaxed
mood.  She turned towards Margo and smiled.

'Are they nicely presented now?  Are you happy with your efforts?  More to the
point, am I going to be pleased with the results?'

'Of course, Mistress Greta, of course.'  Margo always addressed Greta
respectfully, even though she was no longer beholden to her in any way.

'Well now, let me check.  You, Karen, stand over here and present yourself.'

Karen moved into the center of the room and stood with her legs wide apart and
her hands clasped behind her neck.  Greta walked around her approvingly,
admiring the rich round fullness of her breasts and the smoothly swelling mound. 
She stopped and ran her hand over each  breast and casually tweaked each nipple. 
They were already erect as Karen basked in the admiration of her Mistress.

'Good, good!'  Greta continued her inspection, running her hand down over the
softly rounded belly and slowly between the smooth soft lips.  'Interesting,
interesting.'  Greta removed her hand and looked at it, and then showed Karen
the unmistakable streaks of her lubrication.  'Oh my, you do like this don't
you?'

'Yes Mistress, I like anything that pleases you my Mistress.'

'Then you shall lick your juices off my hand, now.'  Greta offered her moist
palm as Karen eagerly lapped her juices.  'You may be called to perform for me
later today, but first I shall have to talk to you and your pitiful boy friend
in my study.'  Greta moved away and called Lisa to present herself.

'Good grief, you are even wetter than her.'  Greta turned to Margo.  'What on
earth have they been getting up to here?'

'I don't know Mistress Greta, I don't know.  All I can suggest is that that they
are looking forward to your instructions.  I know that they enjoy your closest
attention, and they've  told me how much they enjoy serving, and pleasing you
and Master Karl.'

'True indeed, true indeed.' Greta nodded approvingly.

The inspections over, Greta dismissed the two girls and told them to make their
way back to their own cells, with a warning that they should not be tempted to
misbehave.

As the girls left the room she turned and smiled at Margo.

'Margo, my dear, you have done well. You have performed your special magic yet
again, you are so good with my little pets.  I have decided that I shall offer
you a proper reward.'

'Thank you Mistress Greta.'  Margo was embarrassed, even though she suspected
that she knew the form of the promised reward.

'I shall invite you to attend my little after-dinner celebrations tomorrow
evening.  Would you like that?'

'Y-y-yes Mistress Greta.  W-what do you want me to do?'

'Margo, there is no need to be so formal with me, you and I are now friends and
you are a free woman.  Your reward, that I know you will enjoy, is exactly what
I suspect you have already guessed.  A man.  He will be, shall we say,
persuaded, that he will do as we, you and I, require.  Is that what you would
like?'  Greta smiled softly at Margo.

'Yes Mistress, sorry, yes Greta.  I would like that very much indeed.  Have you
any special requirements, anything that you or Master Karl would like?'  Margo
had attended such gatherings in the past and she felt that being fully prepared
was in her interests.  She did not want to disappoint her sponsor, her
benefactor and she did not want to offend her in any way.

'No, no, only the usual.  I know that you don't mind performing, as it were, in
front of an audience.  We shall look forward to you joining us at the
appropriate time in the lounge.  Is that satisfactory?'

'Of course Mi..Greta, of course.  I shall prepare myself in a suitable manner,
you know I do have a little experience of these things.'

'Of course.'  Greta was well aware the Margo, despite her age and less than
perfect body, had no inhibitions about walking naked in front of an admiring
audience, no inhibitions about giving an explicit sexual performance in front of
others.  Her days of being a slut, of being fully trained as a slave, had left
an indelible mark.  In all reality, Greta thought, after such a long and
intensive training, it was more than likely that Margo could no longer gain any
true satisfaction from a man, or even a women, unless she was in front of an
audience, however large or small.



Finally satisfied that the girls had been prepared and that Margo was aware of
the reward waiting her, Greta made her way to the slave quarters.

'You, slave Karen, will put on a robe, no more, and come with me.  You, slave
Lisa, will wait here.'  She turned to Karen.  'Come!'

They reached the end of the corridor, Karen padding barefoot and wearing what
now seemed to be unaccustomed clothing, brief and flimsy that it was.

'Wait there while I fetch slave Andy.'  Greta walked down the opposite corridor
and entered Andy's cell.  He was laying on the bed and appeared quite startled
when Greta stalked in unannounced.

'What are you doing?  What have you been up to?'  Greta's eyes swept the room
but she could see no immediate fault that would need to be punished.  Despite
her disappointment, she knew that she would soon have an excuse to inflict more
training on the hapless Andy.

'You, put on this robe and come with me!'

Andy struggled to his feet and slipped into the robe, clearly intended more for
a woman than for a man of his size.  Greta looked at him disdainfully, smiling
at the sight.  Yes, I like that, she thought, yet more humiliation for him,
perhaps he will soon get used to the idea of his new station in life.

Greta walked briskly down the corridor and waited for a barefooted, embarrassed
Andy to join her and Karen.  Karen looked at her partner, her boyfriend, and
tried to suppress a smile at his appearance in a short, floral patterned, robe. 
Very becoming she though, realising how much it must embarrass Andy to appear
like that.

'Come, you two, off to my study.'  Greta lead them upstairs and into an
unfamiliar room that clearly functioned as an office of some sort.

Greta settled into a chair and leant back.  'You two, just stand over there and
present yourselves.  No need to undress, yet!'

Karen and Andy moved to the center of the room, spread their legs and clasped
their hands behind their heads.  The very act of doing that raised the short
robes and despite being told not to undress the effect was exactly the same.
The short robes had risen, pulled up by their raised arms.  Andy's flaccid cock
was revealed dangling uselessly whilst Karen's freshly waxed and lotioned mound
gleamed slightly in the light.

'Now, you two, you have survived a week so far, and I suspect you have found
that you are both happy, that you both enjoy your new station in life.  True?'

'Yes Mistress Greta, thank you Mistress Greta.' Karen was first to respond.

Andy was slower and for a moment Karen thought that he would refuse to answer,
perhaps object and demand to be released.

'And you, slave Andy?'  Greta stared at him bleakly.

'Sorry my Mistress, sorry.  I was trying to show my respect and trying to choose
the right words.'

'Go on then, impress me!'

'Mistress, this worthless slave begs to stay with you and serve you.  This
worthless slave begs you to use him and humiliate him.  This worthless......'

'Yes, yes, I get the idea.  You seem to have learned your true status here.
Now, both of you, listen carefully.'

Karen and Andy fixed their gaze on Greta.

'Tomorrow evening, tomorrow night, I have invited some rather special friends of
mine over for a small and intimate dinner party.  You two will, of course,
attend, and, as far as they are concerned, they will believe that you are just
an ordinary couple.  So that there is no risk of confusion, you will both be
allowed to dress in a normal fashion.  The is only one thing that I shall allow. 
You wear nothing under your normal clothes.  Be aware that, at any time, I might
decide to reveal your true status to my friends.  Only time will tell. 
Understood?'

'Yes Mistress Greta.'  The couple chorused in unison.

'Oh, one other thing.  Your fellow slaves, Lisa and Ken will also be present.
They will be there purely as servants.  My friends know all about them, in every
little detail.'  Greta smiled broadly, 'Yes, every little detail.  You will
treat them as servants, you will ignore them completely.  No secret looks, no
furtive touching.  Ignore them completely.'

Karen and Andy  nodded, not daring to comment or to ask any questions about
their possible fate later in the evening.

'Now, go back to your cells.  Karen, you will strip naked, of course and then
you and slave Lisa will spend the next few hours cleaning and polishing all of
your favorite toys in the dungeon.  I want the metal gleaming and the leather
nicely polished and supple.  Any rope you may see, or feel Karen, you will coil
neatly.  I want everything in order for my guests,  They may wish to make use of
them later.'  Greta smiled at Karen, before she turned to Andy.  'You, you are a
male and therefor cannot be trusted with such important tasks, but I will
arrange for slave Ken to find you suitable work until you are ready to get some
sleep.'



Karen made her own way back to her cell, and, as soon as she entered, she
removed her single garment.  Strangely, in some perverse way, now that she was
naked, she felt more at ease.  The feeling of freedom, the feeling of
vulnerability, was a feeling that she had begun to enjoy.  She looked across at
Lisa, who was sitting naked and cross legged on the floor.

'What on earth are you doing my friend?'

'Oh, nothing my dear, it's just my way of relaxing sometimes.  Do you know what
you are going to do now?'

'Mistress told me that we, you and I, have to go into the dungeon and clean and
polish everything.  I suppose that means we should make a start now.'

'Yes, that would be a good idea, there is so much to do. If she finds anything
dirty or untidy we are both going to suffer.  Did she tell you about the party?'

'Yes, Andy and me are going to go as normal people because the others don't know
about us, or so she says.  I'm not sure myself, surely they must know what is
going on.'  Karen looked quizzically at Lisa.  'What do you think?'

'Yes of course they do, but, if I were you, I should just pretend that you
believe Mistress.  You'll find out what she intends soon enough!'

'And you, what about you?'

'Oh, we've done it before, me and Ken, and it's not too bad.  We dress as normal
wait-staff , apart from no underwear, and do the usual job serving at table. 
The only difference to a normal job is that someone or other always tries to
grope us and feel our readiness, as Mistress calls it.  You know, being naked
underneath means we can please them at any time.  It always ends up in the
dungeon and we're always naked in there, so I don't bother too much.' Lisa
smiled contentedly at Karen.  'The only thing you need to worry about is if one
of the visitors decides to give you some special treatment, but you won't know
about that until it happens.'

With that, Lisa got up, stretched and walked into the corridor, joining  Karen
on the way towards the dungeon and the full days work ahead.



As the girls had talked Andy had gone back to his own cell and asked Ken what he
was to do now.

'Ken smiled broadly.  'Not to be trusted with the cleaning?  Not surprising, she
has the girls for that, and , let's face it, anyone would prefer to see naked
girls kneeling and polishing and stuff, more than men.  What would you think?'

Andy had a delicious vision of a naked Karen kneeling and working vigorously,
with her heavy tits hanging down and swaying, as her smooth shaven pussy
glistened.  'Oh yes, oh yes indeed.'  His cock thickened slightly t the thought.

'No time for that, you are coming with me, and I don't mean cumming!'  Ken
smiled, 'Not yet any way.  Mistress likes everything ready well in advance.
We've got to arrange the furniture for the dinner party, tables, chairs and all
that stuff, and then we've got to set up some comfortable furniture in the
lounge room ready for their entertainment.  After that we clean up any litter
from around the grounds, or, rather, you clean up any litter.  I shall supervise
you, just in case you get a little shy working naked outside.'

'What?'  Andy almost shouted, 'Naked?  Outside?'

'Of course, why not?  These are large grounds and they are quite private.  No
one will see you, or at least no one that you will be aware of.  Just be careful
walking over those stones in the driveway.'  Ken laughed out loud.

'No shoes?'

'Correct, no shoes, you are just a slave and you are at the very bottom of the
heap here.  Don't worry, it won't take too long, and you'll soon get used to
it.'

Andy thought to himself that he was in fact, getting used to a lot of things
now.  More things than he had ever thought possible.  Some of those things were
perhaps a little less pleasant, but, and he convinced himself, most things were
well worth the other discomforts.  He had found, he had realised his deepest
feeling, a desire for a willingness, in fact, a need, to be humiliated, to be
made to submit to a strong Master and Mistress.

His thoughts were interrupted as Ken walked into the corridor.

'C'mon, you've got a lot to do today.  All the jobs are lined up and then, lucky
you, you've got to be preened a bit, you know, made nice and smooth all over,
yet again.  You wouldn't want our visitors to think you are an untidy and
useless slave now, would you?   Don't worry, I'll be gentle with you.'

'N-no, I suppose not.  But what about you, don't you have to prepare yourself?'

'Of course, but you see, I've been here a long time and I know what I have to
do, so Mistress trusts me to do things properly.'  Ken smiled secretively at
Andy.  'And I always do things properly, every little thing I am asked to do.'

Andy was clearly bemused by the remarks, but Ken didn't offer any explanation.
The fact that Andy was a the bottom of the heap meant that, unless there was a
dramatic change, he would never have the chance to indulge in the pleasures he
had so recently shared with his Mistress.

As they walked towards their assigned tasks, Ken thought to the events of the
last week..  He had seen other male slaves come and go, or, he smiled at his
cleverness, go and cum.  It looked likely that Andy would be allowed to stay
here but, as he had seen so many times in the past, it would not be a
particularly pleasant experience for him.  At least, not at first.  From
previous conversations, he had realised that most male 'trainees' had accepted
the offer from Mistress Greta on the assumption that, in return for indulging in
the little whims of her and the Master, they would be rewarded with access to
more females.  Female slaves perhaps, but still females.  The though of having
regular access to a supply of attractive, naked and nubile females always hooked
the novices. he thought.  Sad, really, how often, how inevitably,
they were disappointed.   As they approached the dining room, Ken wondered just
how long it would take Andy to realise that he would only be allowed to do what
his owners wished, to do whatever they wanted.  How long would he take to
realise that his own wishes, his own desires, would never be satisfied except at
the wishes of his owners?  Perhaps this weekend party would be his turning
point.



For the slaves, for the naked slaves, the day passed uneventfully.



Andy and Ken had labored for what seemed hours, moving and rearranging furniture
until Mistress Greta was satisfied.  Andy, who had never experienced such things
before, was surprised at the efforts made.  The arrangement of the large dining
table, the placing of the chairs around it, all seemed to him quite trivial in
theory, but clearly Greta had every intention of allowing space around each
guest.  Not so much room as to prevent the normal conversation typical of normal
meals, but sufficient space such that it would not be necessary for the serving
staff to lean over each guest.  Andy appreciated that point.  He, in common with
many other people, had always been irritated when dinning out, to have waiters
hover over his shoulder almost pushing him into his food at times.  The thought
of the staff being able to approach more freely appealed to him.  Ken could
almost see the thoughts going through Andy's head, but he did not bother to
disabuse him.  The time would soon come when he would realise the true
significance of having a waiter, or a waitress, standing beside him.  Well,
perhaps not besides him or Karen, because, surely , they would not be allowed to
indulge in the more intimate activities at table.  Not so, for him and Lisa. of
course, but they were both well used to such things, and in any event, they both
enjoyed such indiscretions as the guests permitted themselves.

As for the lounge, he could more readily understand the circular arrangement of
chairs and the provision of several low tables.  However, he could not begin to
imagine the precise use of two, higher, broader and well padded tables, more
like benches in fact, placed side by side in the middle of the circle .
Finally Greta was satisfied with the efforts of the naked male slaves and she
sent them off to work outside, knowing full well that Ken would remain sheltered
while Andy had to work fully exposed to the cool breezes. And the occasional
shower!



Karen had managed to work even harder than Lisa, a difficult achievement,
because Lisa had the benefit of familiarity with everything in the dungeon.
However, Karen, having sampled, and, despite her protestations at the time,
enjoyed those items, those pieces of equipment that she had been tested on, was
determined to find out as much as she could.  Greta herself had taken the
opportunity to take a break from her usual daily routines to watch the girls at
work, sitting in her control room.  Apart from giving her the chance to
thoroughly test the equipment, after all she didn't want any technical problems
later, she could enjoy the sight of the naked girls as they moved around the
room.

Towards the end of their work, Greta noticed that Karen had finished her share
of oiling, polishing and burnishing and was engaged in sorting out, in tidying
up, the numerous coils of rope that were stored around the walls.  In particular
she noticed her handling the different types of rope and talking quietly to
Lisa.  It wasn't worth the effort of turning the sound equipment on just to
eavesdrop on the girls.  The meaning was clear enough, and Greta confirmed her
earlier suspicions.  Karen had obviously enjoyed the feel of the smooth white
nylon ropes, and by the way that she held them against her nakedness, it was
obvious that she had had previous experiences.  But, when she picked up the
coarser hempen rope, her reactions changed.  She held the ropes, almost caressed
the coils and even sniffed them, savoring the slightly dampish smell of rope. 
Lisa had watched the performance with some fascination.  She, like Greta,
realised that Karen's recent close encounter with the coarser material had
triggered off a new desire, a new fetish even.

Greta smiled.  If Karen had a new fetish, if she had any fetish, then she was in
the right place.  Greta was only too willing to indulge such feelings, and
wherever and whenever possible, she was more than willing to introduce her
slaves to even more secret pleasures.  She made a mental note to try and find
out more of Karen's past, surely, she thought, there was much to learn and
profit from.

She watched the girls take a final look around before they went back to their
own quarters.  Left with nothing else to do she reflected on the events of the
past few days.  Before Karen had arrived she had been pleased with the efforts
that Lisa had made to satisfy her wishes, but now, it was already clear that
Karen would be an even more willing, an even more versatile addition.  As an
added bonus it was clear that she and Lisa had already developed a bond of
affection, something that she was willing not only to tolerate but to encourage. 
To have a couple of suitable females deeply committed to each other opened up
endless possibilities for future pleasures, future torments.  There was always
something deeply satisfying about forcing sluts to work on each other.  To work
against each other.  Forcing them to inflict discomfort, pain, humiliation on
the other.  And then, perhaps,  permitting them some brief pleasures.  Greta
sighed, resisting the urge to rub her fingers around her moistening loins at
such thoughts.  Time for that later!





End of Part 25


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 26 - Party-time.


Back in the warmth of his own cell, Andy luxuriated in the hot shower.  The
litter cleaning had taken longer than he had expected, the unaccustomed work,
especially being stark naked and outside, had been a tiring and not
particularly pleasurable experience.  To add further insult, when he had
finally finished and reported back to Ken, who had spent his time sat inside
the glass covered summerhouse, he had been ridiculed for the shrunken
appearance of his cock.

Andy, normally quite proud of his member, was, like other men, well aware that
exposure to cold air, cold water, always had a diminishing effect on the
appearance of his manhood.  He knew that it was just old Mother Nature taking
care of him, but, nonetheless, the thought of his balls being hoisted high into
his groin and made even more ridiculous by the shrunken appendage was not one
he enjoyed.

His reverie in the warm shower was interrupted as Ken walked in and pulled the
glass door wide open.

'What's going on here?'  Andy looked quite angry.  'I told you that we have to
make you nice and smooth for the party.  That stuff needs to be sorted out
first.'

'Sorry, I just didn't think.'  Andy was apologetic, but now, feeling warm for
the first time for what seemed hours, he didn't really care what Ken thought. 
'What shall I do then?'

'You.  You will do nothing, it's a case of what we, I, will do.'  Ken pulled
Andy from the shower and threw a towel around his shoulders.  'Dry yourself and
stand over there; let me check that everything is in order.'

Andy mutely obeyed, and stood waiting, with the towel slung round his
shoulders, his lower body exposed to the keen eyes of Ken.

Ken walked all around him, pulled off the towel, and then began to run his
hands over Andy's back, down his legs and then across his chest before he
finally reached his genitals.

'Ahh, nice.'  Andy couldn't resist as he felt a teasing grip around his flaccid
member.

'Shut up, there's work to be done here.  You are not smooth enough, anywhere. 
You can rub some shaving foam over your legs and chest and then I'll shave you
properly.'

Andy protested.  'Hey, man, I can do that for myself.  Let me get on with it!'

'No!  You, you do exactly what you are told here.  You already know some of the
punishments for disobedience and there could be worse to come, never fear.'

Andy reluctantly conceded and stood helplessly as Ken carefully razored his
body until everywhere except his genital area was once more silky smooth.

'Happy now?'  Ken was smiling at last'  Just put a towel on the bed and lie on
it.  I'll finish the rest.  Very carefully, you needn't worry!'

Thankful for the reassurance, but conscious of his vulnerability, Andy lay and
opened his legs and waited while more foam was sprayed around his most
sensitive flesh.  As he felt the touch of cold metal he closed his eyes and
tensed.  His fears were quite unfounded and he relaxed and began to enjoy the
sensation as Ken carefully used the razor.  Particularly the feeling as he
casually lifted his limp cock out of the way.

Finally, it was all over and Ken ordered him to have another shower.

After a vigorous rubdown Andy felt more at ease and looked at Ken for any
further instructions.  'Now what?'

'Nothing.  That's it.  We've done the heavy work, the girls have cleaned up in
the dungeon and made sure that all of the guest chairs are properly arranged in
there.'  Ken was relaxed.  'Time for a little play, I guess.'

'Uh oh, what do you mean?' Andy was suspicious.  Play?  Here?  Here alone with
Ken?  What was going on?

'Easy, Andy my friend.  You belong to everyone in this house, you are at the
lowest level and that means you also belong to me.'  Ken moved closer.  'Just
for a change, I want someone to please me.'

'H-how?'  Andy stuttered and blushed.

'Very simple, I want you to suck my cock.'  Ken laughed as he saw Andy's face
redden.  'Nothing to worry about, you've done it for the Master and now you're
going to do it for me.  And I shall teach you exactly how to please a man.'

Ken stood in the middle of the room and began to stroke his cock, already
thickening at the thought of the pleasure yet to come.

'Kneel in front of me.  Now!'

Andy moved across, his own cock thickening a little despite the novelty of his
situation.  He knelt down in front of Ken, his face just inches from the
growing erection.

'Keep looking at my cock.  Keep looking at it grow and swell.'  Ken spoke as a
man proud of his bodily superiority.  'When I tell you, you will begin to lick
the shaft, slowly and gently.  You will not let your tongue touch the heed
until you are told.  Understand?'

'Yes, Master.'  Andy's voice thickened.

'No need for that, I am not your Master, just your friend.  Call me Ken.'  As
he spoke he held his cock more firmly and watched as the blood rushed into the
already swollen glans and made the purplish skin almost shine with the
increased pressure.  'Start licking.'

Andy tentatively stuck his tongue out and ran it down the length of the thick
shaft, tracing the thick vein down to where it disappeared into his sac.

Ken moaned softly at the stimulation and let his cock stand proud and free as
he rested his hands on his hips.

Andy continued to lick the shaft and attempted to hold the erection steady for
his tongue.

'Oh no!  Tongue only.'  Ken was adamant.  'If you want to hold a cock, hold
your own.  You can do what you like with that as long as you keep tonguing me. 
Get on with it!'

Andy was happy to oblige.  He had felt the growing sensation in his own loins
as his erection grew.  He began to slowly stroke his cock, began to masturbate,
as he continued licking up and down, across and around, the much thicker
erection in front of him.

As his long wet strokes continued up and down the thick cock he began to work
his fist faster up and down his own, less impressive, erection.  Ken looked
down at him, smiling as he saw him working his cock eagerly.  He was ready for
the final humiliation.

'Stop!'  Ken commanded.  'Look at my cock, look at the size of it.  Do you like
it?'

'Yes indeed, yes I love it, it's so thick and hard.  Please, Ken, let me suck
you now.'  Even as he spoke Andy continued his steady masturbation.

'Don't you wish you had a proper cock like mine?'

'Yes, yes I do.  You are so lucky.  It's so big and so long. you make me quite
jealous.'

'Yes, of course it is.  Now, go on, start licking and sucking the end, now,
just the head  I don't want to feel anything touching me apart from your tongue
around the rim and over the head.  And if I cum make sure you don't spill a
drop.  Just think of this thick cock fucking your girl friend.  She liked that,
and I can see why. Can you?'  Ken was determined to extract the last
humiliation from the naked Andy.  The naked, masturbating, cock sucking Andy,
knelt before him.

'Yes Ken.  Your cock is so much bigger than mine, so much thicker than mine.' 
Andy paused from his licking and sucking to speak.  'And you fuck so much
better than I ever could.'  He added the final praise before he managed to get
the whole, swollen and gleaming head into his mouth.

Ken closed his eyes as he felt the friction of the tongue complementing the
steady suction.

'Now!'

Andy kept up the stimulation as he tasted the first spurts of sweet cum in his
mouth.  Felt the thick sticky cream slide down his throat.  Even as he
swallowed the warm fluid he kept up his own masturbation, determined to make
himself cum before he let Ken's slowly deflating cock free from his mouth.

'Ahhhhh!'  Andy pulled away as his own cum spurted onto the floor between Ken's
legs.

Ken looked down, savoring the last pulse of his orgasm.  An orgasm not as
productive as his last, so deep inside the clutching warmth of his Mistress,
but an orgasm even so.

'Clean that up now!  The you'd better get some rest.  Tomorrow will be a long
day, a long night.  Especially for you!



After long hours, lying awake and wondering, Karen finally managed to get some
much needed sleep.  Her mind had been active with thoughts, doubts, and even
hopes, for the forthcoming party.  It seemed such a short time since she had
stood at the door waiting to meet Greta, in full expectation of a normal
friendly dinner party.  Suddenly her life had been transformed.  Nothing was
normal any more.  In fact, as she thought back, just what was normal anyway. 
She had long had fantasies, she had experienced many scenes in her previous
life with her former husband, and she was already aware of her deeper feelings.

As for Andy, she thought that perhaps she hadn't understood him properly at
all.  She had suspected that he had a submissive side, but it had never been
obvious.  Now, here, in the skilled hands of Greta and Karl, it seemed that he
too had found the realisation of his wildest dreams.  Not that that really
concerned her any more.  She had found her true outlet, her true pleasure, and
she had already decided that, whatever should happen in the next days, the next
weeks, she would never again resume her previous life with Andy.



Karen was woken by Lisa calling happily across from her room.  After their
earlier time spent in the same bed, it seemed that Greta was quite happy for
them to converse with one another, even though they were separated by the
immovable steel.  Certainly, Karen reflected, this is the life.  The life I
have longed for.

She got off the crumpled bed and walked, still unsteady from her sleep, across
to the barred wall and offered  her arms through them to Lisa.  'Come, my dear,
kiss me!'

A lingering kiss, mutual caresses and then it was into the shower.  A long,
hot, soapy shower that cleansed her mind as well as her body.

As she dried herself Karen decided that, whatever may happen, she would enjoy
this day, this evening, this night.  She had already admitted to herself her
feelings when she was under control, when she was submitting to the will of
others, and, briefly, she had experienced a thrill as she had taken charge of
Lisa as she endured the testing with the gross intruder. The gross, inflatable,
intruder that had tormented Lisa for endless time.  Perhaps, Karen thought, I
have another side to my feelings.  Perhaps, one day I might get a chance to
change roles in this game of never ending pleasure.  

Lisa called across and asked her how she had slept.

'Not too badly, after all.  I just kept thinking and wondering.'  Karen
admitted her concerns.

'Don't be afraid, dear sweet Karen.  I know what these parties are like, they
can be pretty stressful for me, for us, but even then, afterwards, I look back
and think how much I enjoyed the things that happened.'

Karen was a little unsure.  'I just wonder, are we really supposed to enjoy all
these things, the beatings, the binding and stuff.  I know that I do, but, I
wonder if Mistress really wants that.'

'Odd really.  I think in her particular way she really does get a lot of
pleasure from our torments, I think it gives her pleasure too, when she finally
gives us some pleasure, when she lets us, when she allows, when she makes us
cum.'  Lisa paused, breathless after her lengthy explanation.  'I definitely
like it all.  Even the pain beforehand makes it better for me.  When I cum
afterwards it is always so intense, so wonderful.  What do you think?'

Karen paused, and thought of the pains of the past.  The pain without the
reward of pleasure.  She frowned.  'Well, I'm not too sure.  I've seen things a
bit differently you know.'  She paused and looked shyly at Lisa before
continuing.  'Mind you, I think here, at long last, I really have begun to find
out that I can enjoy both.  I just wonder if I shall ever be able to really cum
again unless I have been tormented in some way, or been threatened in some way.
 Is it that really the way with you?'

'Yes.  Well, now it is.  At first it all seemed too awful, I wondered if I
would, if I could, ever accept things.  But now, yes, I am happy.'  Lisa looked
at Karen for several long minutes before she continued.  'My dear, I know you
must have had some hard times once.  Perhaps one day you will tell me.  Perhaps
talking will help you forget those days and then you will be all the happier.'

'Perhaps, perhaps.'  Karen knew that she would, one day, try to clear her mind
of some of the things she had done in the past, but it was not yet time.  One
day, one day, perhaps, when she had settled into her new life.  Perhaps she
would have to ask Mistress for her advice.



Much later, or at least it seemed so to the two girls, Greta came down the
corridor with the clothes she had decided would be worn that evening.

Greta called Karen into Lisa's cell as she lay the clothes on the bed and
explained her intentions. 

For Lisa it was a traditional waitress style black dress, with a white collar
and trimming, traditional, that is, apart from the low cut front that exposed
the full roundness of her breasts.  The material was thin enough that it would
not hide the smooth protrusions of her nipples, and, as Karen looked, it was
obvious that, if they became hard, they would almost burst through the
material.  Karen smiled at the thought.  If?  When?  Such a thing was
inevitable, she thought.  Greta selected the familiar pair of five inch heels
for Lisa, telling her that she liked her staff to look elegant and attractive. 
Karen again smiled to herself.  Attractive to who?  Greta for one, she was
sure, and, of course, all the men of her experience had always expressed a
liking for girls in heels.  It seemed that Lisa was to be set up as a tempting
target for the attentions of the guests.

Karen picked up the dress that Greta had selected for her.  Held up by thin
straps, the top barely covered the tops of her nipples although, thankfully,
the material was thicker than Lisa's.  At least her nipples would be modestly
covered, even if it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra.  Even so, if
this is what Greta thought of as normal wear for a dinner party, she wondered,
just what would be considered daring.   Below her breasts the material was
artfully cut and moulded close to her smooth curves before ending just above
the knee.  Greta left the choice of shoes to her and she thought that, for this
evening, she would settle for a more modest pair of four inch heels, strappy,
but, for her, comfortable.

Greta walked out and looked back at the girls.

'Now, time to freshen up, get ready and wait for me.  No playing with each
other of course.'  She turned back to Karen.  'Remember my dear, you are just
an ordinary guest and you will act like that at all times.'  She paused. 'Until
I tell you otherwise, and then you will do exactly as you are told.'



'Well, here we are, your big day has arrived.' Lisa looked over her shoulder at
Karen as she went into the shower.  'I hope my service at table will please
you.'

'Your service always pleases me!'  Karen laughed, 'Just don't expect any tips
from me.'

The girls relaxed and sat patiently waiting for Greta to fetch them.



At last, Greta came down the corridor.

'Come girls, the men are already waiting.'

Karen and Lisa, heels clicking on the floor, followed Greta into the dining
room.  Andy was already there, dressed in lightweight trousers and a modestly
patterned shirt.  Ken was standing respectfully off to one side wearing a black
suit and white shirt.  The trousers seemed to be exceptionally tight, and, as
Karen looked, she could see that they were tightly stretched across his loins
showing clearly his bulging organ.  Definitely, she thought, he dresses to the
left.

Greta explained that, as the guests arrived, Ken would bring them into the room
and she would introduce them.  Lisa would be walking around offering drinks
until it was time for the meal to be served.



Karen stood nervously besides Andy, not daring to speak.  Suddenly the door
bell rang, breaking the silence.  Ken went to greet the first comers, and could
be heard welcoming them, before offering to show them into the dining room.

Karen stared as they walked in.

'Wendy and Mike, Mistress.'  Ken announced the arrivals in a formal manner. 
'The goods are in the store room.'

'Thank you.  Make sure you keep the door locked.'

Karen was confused by the conversation.  What goods?  What store room?  And why
was it to be kept locked?  Her thoughts were interrupted as Greta introduced
the guests.

'Karen, my dear, this is Mike,'  She turned to a medium height, well built man,
with thinning hair, ' and this is Wendy.'  Greta smiled at Wendy, a darkly
attractive woman who was probably somewhere in her forties and slightly shorter
than her partner.

Wendy held her hand out and grasped Karen's.  She held it for a moment longer
than was really necessary and Karen wondered why she felt suddenly
apprehensive.  Mike smiled at Karen but did not offer his hand.

Greta completed the introductions to Andy and stood near to Karen.

More noises in the doorway and more guests arrived.


Ken came into the room again, this time with two couples.

Greta smiled as she greeted them.  'Karen, I want you to meet Lucy, her husband
Dave.'  They offered their hand to Karen.  'And I mustn't forget their, er,
friends Joy and Allan.'  The other couple smiled nervously but didn't offer to
shake hands or to speak.

Ken moved away slightly.  'Miss Lucy has left a large packet for you in the
store room.'

'Oh, now what on earth can that be?'  Greta smiled quizzically at Lucy.

'Just something I want to try out later, with your permission of course.'  Lucy
almost whispered.  'I expect that you will find a use for it, something, some
thing, to put in it.'

'Ah ha, I have just the thing.'  Greta turned towards Karen and smiled broadly.
 Karen was puzzled by the way that two other couple were more or less ignored,
but didn't dare ask any questions.

As Greta introduced the new group to Andy there was more activity in the lobby.
  Ken moved urgently into the room and attempted to introduce the remaining
group to Greta.

'No need for all that formality,' a tall, dark haired man spoke, louder than
seemed appropriate, ' You're the new couple I guess.  We know everyone else. 
Hi, I'm Jeff, this is  my wife Marie, and these other guys are Ron and his good
lady, his very good lady, Agnes.'

Karen smiled at the group uncertainly.

'Don't worry Ken, just put our stuff in store and keep it all secure.'  The
other man, a shorter thinner man than his wife, spoke.  'I'm Ron, just the
general dogsbody I guess, but I hope we soon get to know each other.'

Agnes, by his side, smiled at Karen, smiled with her mouth but not with her
eyes.  'I'm sure we will enjoy your company my dear.'  She offered her hand. 
Karen took it and felt it's coldness.



Greta moved across the room and called Karl to her side.

'Now, enough of the introductions, I think we're all here now, so I suggest a
few drinks before we eat.'  She turned and snapped her fingers.  'Lisa, give my
guests whatever they want.'  She   Just wander round and make sure you get to
know each other.'  Greta directed her last remark to Karen and Andy who were
waiting quietly, unsure of what was expected of them.

Karen moved away and tried to make small talk with each couple, discussing
generalities, of no interest but just following the social conventions.  She
found all of the couples were quite open, quite talkative and friendly with the
exception of Allan and Joy, who spoke only briefly and who showed no desire to
make conversation.

Karen was particularly struck by their apparent reserve, their different
attitude in contrast with all the other guests and ventured to ask Greta the
reasons why they were so unforthcoming.

'Ah, my dear, questions, questions.  They are a rather special couple, they
only really open up when they are with Lucy, or Dave.'  Greta smiled
mysteriously.  'Never fear my dear, you will get to understand them better
before the evening is over.  Much better!'  With that Greta moved away and left
Karen wondering.





End of Part 26


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 27 - After Dinner.


After what seemed an interminable time, Greta called the guests to order.

'Thank you, Lisa, you can prepare to serve our guests.'  Greta managed to keep a
straight face at the double meaning, while Lisa remained impassive.  'Come,
everyone, let's eat.  I've marked your places so I hope you are sitting next to
someone who interests you!'

As the guests found their places Karen looked at Andy and whispered a heartfelt
'Good luck!'

Looking around Karen saw that Andy had been seated between Marie, on his right,
and Wendy on his left.  She found, not totally surprised, that she was sat next
to Greta.  What did surprise her however that rather than a male member of the
group she was joined by Agnes on her right.

Agnes saw her look of momentary bewilderment, and whispered in her ear, 'Don't
worry my dear, I just swapped the cards around a little.  My husband is such a
bore at these things and I'm sure we shall find a lot in common.'

Greta watched the little exchange silently, thinking just how much in common
they would have, later, much later.



The meal passed uneventfully as Andy and Karen found out more about their fellow
guests.  None of them mentioned any interest openly, or otherwise, in the real
reasons for their presence.  To an innocent onlooker, the group would have
seemed quite normal in every respect.

Andy had shared his views, as an accountant, with Mike and Jeff and shared
common views of their business problems.  Karen made little mention of her own,
more technical skills in computing, feeling, correctly, that most people found
women involved in the more technical aspects of modern life either weird or just
plain boring.  She did not wish to find out into which category she fell, happy
in the knowledge that, intellectually at least, she was more than equal to any
of those gathered around the table.

Despite the buzz of conversation it was still evident that neither Allan or Joy,
seated between Dave and Lucy, made any contribution.  Karen was still puzzled by
their odd behaviour but managed to contain her curiosity as she enjoyed the
social interchanges.

As the meal progressed she began to notice that Lisa was becoming more attentive
to some of the guests, and it became apparent that the unusually wide spacing
between the guests had an ulterior purpose.  As Lisa moved between Marie and
Joy, Karen saw Marie casually slip her hand up the back of Lisa's legs and, just
as casually, stroke her rounded butt.  Conscious that she was staring she tried
to avert her gaze but not before she saw Marie slip her hands between Lisa's
opened legs.  Surely not!  Yes!  She was definitely rubbing her hand, her
fingers, along, perhaps even into, Lisa's smoothly shaven, freshly waxed, slit.

Karen turned her head away but still heard Marie speak quietly to Lisa.

'I see you have been well prepared my dear.  Are you ready for me?  You know
what I shall be doing of course?'

Karen turned again in time to see Lisa blush and bob her head.  'Of course Miss,
of course, whatever you wish will my pleasure.'

While this exchange was taking place, unseen by Andy, Ken had also been fondled. 
As Karen had looked around desperately, to avoid being seen looking at Lisa's
humiliation, she saw Mike smiling at Ken.  Mike!  Of all people in the room she
had not thought of him as preferring the touch of another man.  As she looked
discreetly she could see that Ken was already somewhat aroused, the tightness of
his trousers outlining his erection and, at the same time, constraining it so
that it was held downwards in what must have been a painful manner.  Karen did
not hear Mike whispering to Ken although she did hear his reply.

'Of course, sir, it will be my pleasure, for as long as you wish.'

As the group finally selected their drinks, as Lisa walked, at times at little
unsteadily, around the table, it was clear that the atmosphere was becoming more
relaxed.  Greta was in fine form, laughing and joking across the table but
taking but little notice of Karen.  Karl was less outspoken but, by the look on
his face, and by the way he kept staring at Joy, it was clear that he was
expecting something to happen sooner or later.

As the glasses emptied, Greta stood up and, clapping her husband on the
shoulder, suggested they should all move into the other room.   It seemed that
this was the signal that everyone was waiting for.  The chairs were rapidly
scraped back from the table.  Each couple, free to choose and sit by  their
partners, made themselves comfortable in a circle around the tables, so
painstakingly arranged the previous day by the then naked Ken and Andy.

Karen found herself and Andy sitting together between Greta and Karl.  It seemed
to her that this was more than coincidence, surely in some way, Greta had
arranged this so that they were under control of their Master an Mistress.



Greta motioned for silence and stood up.

'My friends, my dear friends, thank you for making my little meal so enjoyable. 
You know how much I enjoy your company, and now, and I'm sure you'll agree, it's
time for us to relax, to have a little entertainment.'

Various people around the circle murmured their approval.

Greta turned.  'Lucy my dear, I'm sure that you would like to start the
proceedings in your usual fashion.'

As Greta sat down Karen felt a surge of relief, at least her true status was not
yet being revealed.  Or at least, she thought, not as far as I am aware.



Lucy looked around at the waiting group and smiled.  Smiled broadly.

'I guess you all know what we're going to do now?'

Murmurs of approval, around the room, greeted her question.

'Yes, let's see how Allan manages to deal with his wife shall we?'

Karl spoke up, 'Yes, and I hope he does better than last time!'

Greta leaned over towards Karen and spoke quietly. 'My dear, I want you to watch
closely, very closely.  Lucy has done an excellent job you know.  Just think,
during the week Joy and Allan work as normal, ordinary, people, but in the
evenings, and at weekends, they change.  They change completely.  Just look and
learn.'

Karen swallowed nervously, wondering just what was going to happen.

Allan stood up and looked apprehensively at Lucy before he spoke to the room at
large.

'D-does anyone want to use my wife?  Do any of you of you men want to strip her
and fuck her, right now?'  Silence greeted his appeal.  'Please.  Please, I want
someone to fuck my wife.'

Again Karl spoke up. 'Why should we want to fuck her, is she so special?'

'Well, Sir, you see, she really does need to be fucked, to be used, and I want
her to be used by anyone who wants to have a good, a really good, fuck.'

'Don't believe you!'  Agnes giggled.  'She can't be that good.'

'Oh but she is.  Look. I'll show you.'  Allan beckoned to his wife to join him. 
'Look at her, surely you must see that she has a good body and she really is so
sexy you know.'

'Strip her for us, let's see what she looks like when she's naked.'  Mike joined
in the spirit of the group.

'Of course, sorry, I should have done that I know.  Come here, my dear, and
stand up on this table.'

Joy moved over and stood on one of the low tables.  She balanced precariously on
her high heels and looked at her husband.

'Take your dress off, please, my dear'

Joy unbuttoned her dress and stepped out of it before she handed it to her
husband.

'Now the shoes.'

'No, leave them on, it makes her look better and makes it harder for her to move
on there.'  Agnes again intervened.

'Sorry, Miss.' Allan mumbled and then waited while his wife removed her brief
bra.  As she unclipped it and let it fall away from her body Karen saw that she
had nicely formed breasts, with dark nipples, but they were definitely never
going to match her own in fullness, even though they did sag noticeably.
Probably a natural result of her age, Karen thought, which she estimated as in
her early forties.  Karen scolded herself.  What did age matter anyway?  She
mentally apologised.

'And the rest, please.'  Allan pleaded with his wife.

Reluctantly Joy removed her remaining garment, surprisingly, for her apparently
staid appearance, she was wearing a skimpy black thong.  Whether she had worn it
to please herself, her husband or merely to increase her humiliation as she
stripped, Karen could not be sure.  Even so, as she removed it everyone in the
room could see that Joy was totally hairless, her pronounced labia having no
protective cover.

'Mmmm, that's better.', Agnes again commented, 'Turn round and let's see your
ass.'

Joy instantly turned round and displayed her nakedness to everyone in the room.

'My dear, I think you should exhibit yourself now.'  Allan spoke again to his
wife.

This time Joy stood still and bent over so that, depending where they were
sitting, the group could see, and perhaps even admire, her hanging tits, with
the nipples beginning to harden and pout, or they could see the inner labia,
already puffy with arousal and showing signs of moisture.

Joy stood up and put her hands behind her head and forced her breasts to jut
out, not fully uplifted, but at least lying higher on her chest than previously.

'Please, will anyone fuck my wife now, I want her to be fucked, please.'  Allan
was becoming desperate as he looked across at Lucy.  Karen noticed the look and
wondered just what control Lucy really had over him.

'Why don't you just fuck her and get on with it?'  Ron spoke for the first time.

'Yes, strip off and show us what you can do, if you can.'  Marie felt that she
had to contribute.

'Yes Miss, certainly Miss.'  Allan stood in the middle of the group and rapidly
removed his clothes until he was stark naked.

Karen looked quizzically at Greta.  'Mistress, may I ask a question?'  She spoke
quietly and discreetly.

'Yes my dear, of course you can.  What do you want to know?'

'Why doesn't he just, you know, er, just fuck her then?'

'Ah my dear, that's just it.  Lucy and Dave have trained him so well, I have to
admire them.  You see, now that they've finished with him he can't get it up any
more unless he's seen his wife being fucked, or used in some way.  And she can't
fuck, she isn't allowed to fuck, or to worship another woman, unless he is
present and naked.'

'Oh!'  Karen couldn't think of anything else to say.

'Oh no.  He has to watch and enjoy, and sometimes, for a change, they put him
into tight bondage before they allow him to watch.  It's rather good, I like it. 
Perhaps I shall try it out on someone one day.'  Greta looked at Karen and then
glanced across at Andy.

'Y-yes Mistress.'  Karen was still lost for words.

'Yes, you see, until he has seen another man fuck her, until he has seen her
cunt filled with cum he can't get an erection.  Of course, once that's happened
he can manage fine.  You'll see, he'll be fine once his wife has been used
thoroughly.'

'Yes, Mistress, thank you Mistress.'

'Of course there is just one catch.  He has to do something else too.  Watch
carefully, you'll see what they both have to do.'



While they had been talking Allan had continued to ask, to beg, for someone to
fuck his wife.  He looked at Andy with pleading eyes.  'Would you like to fuck
my slutty wife?  She really is very good you know.'

Andy had already felt somewhat aroused and began to speak.

'No. he can't, I'm afraid.'  Karl interrupted him.  'He is already committed to
someone else.'

Andy looked disappointed as Allan moved away and looked desperately around the
room.

Karen spoke again.  'Mistress, why can't he ask slave Ken, I'm sure he would be
good.'

'Oh yes indeed, he would be good, very good, but we have plans for him later.
No, he will not approach him.'

Allan continued to plead, taking his wife by the hand and parading her around
the room, stopping front of each couple.  As he stopped he took time to try and
encourage the onlookers by praising his wife's nakedness, her shaven pussy, her
tits.  Finally, as he got in front of Karl he went through his routine once
again.  First, he opened his wife's legs and pulled her labia wide, actually
stretching the tender petals as much as he could.  Then, as he was lifting one
of Joy's tits, lifting and fondling it before letting it fall, Karl spoke.

'Yes, I'll do it for you, will that satisfy you?'

'Y-yes sir, and I know you'll satisfy my wife.'  Allan looked a little relieved
that his humiliating performance was nearing an end.

Karl stood up and began to strip.  'Put her on that bench and get her legs open
for me.'

'Yes, Sir, of course.  Come my dear, time for you to be fucked.'  He guided Joy
over to one of the padded benches and arranged her, arms hanging over the edges
and her legs wide, her wetness visible to Karen and Greta.  Obviously, as the
host, Greta was being afforded the best view.

Karl walked across, his cock rising and thickening.  'You say she fucks well?'

'Yes Sir, oh yes, she really does fuck superbly.  She will satisfy you I know.' 
Allan paused and looked embarrassed again.  'Sir, just one thing.'

'Yes!'  Karl was impatient to mount the waiting woman.

'I have to ask you for fifty...fifty....'  Allan's voice faded, as he blushed
and bowed his head.

'What!'  Karl shouted, 'You mean I've got to pay for this slut, pay to fuck her. 
I never pay, and in any case only whores get fucking paid for fucking.'
Karl was either very angry or he was acting remarkably well.

Karen murmured to Greta again.  'Mistress, does he really have get someone to
pay before they fuck her?'

'Oh yes, he knows what a whore his wife is.  And she does too.   They have to
be paid before they can even begin to enjoy themselves.  Excellent training
don't you think?'

'Y-yes Mistress.'  Karen was unsure and didn't want to commit herself in any
way.

'Just keep watching and you'll see the best bit, once she feels a cock inside
her.'

As she spoke Karl started to negotiate.

'Fifty, no way, not for a fucking whore.  I'll tell you what, twenty, no more,
twenty or she doesn't get fucked.'

'Sir.'  Allan pleaded, but saw that he had no hope of changing Karl's mind.
'Yes sir.  Yes.  Twenty will be fine.  I'm sure you'll find it good value.'

'Karl nodded and passed something to Lucy.  'Look after that, you know what to
do with it.'

Lucy nodded and smiled at Karl as he walked to stand between Joy's open legs.
He knelt down and slowly guided the swollen head of his erection into the wet
enveloping folds.  Allan stood to one side, his eyes fixed on his wife's cunt as
the thick, heavily veined, cock slid slowly ever deeper into his wife.

Joy sighed in pleasure, feeling the welcome warmth and thickness as Karl began
to thrust slowly in and out of her soaking tunnel.

'Now, keep watching, my dear, keep watching.  The best bit is yet to come.'
Greta reached over and held Karen's hand.

Karl was increasing his pace as he thrust his thickness deep into Joy.

'Like that do you?'  He looked at Allan, standing wide eyed, naked, but,
surprisingly without even the hint of an erection.

'Yes sir, I like seeing you fuck my wife.  I like seeing you stretch her cunt
round your thick cock.  Please don't stop, I like seeing her being fucked.'

'Don't worry, I'm nowhere near cumming yet.'  As Karl spoke he began thrusting
harder, deeper into Joy.

Everyone in the room was entranced by the sight as Karl continued his pounding. 
Clearly he was nearing his climax, but Joy was much nearer to cumming.  Her eyes
were wide and staring and her mouth was stretched in a silent scream of
pleasure.

'Good isn't it?'  Greta leered at Karen as she squeezed her hand tightly.

'Yes Mistress.  She will cum soon, surely'

'Oh no, not yet, keep watching.'

Karl was getting faster, his thrusts more furious.  Joy began to moan and roll
her eyes.

'Please, please, make me cum, please.'  She stared helplessly at Karl before she
looked across at Lucy.

As Karl's cock slid in and out of her, the rich juices gleamed along the shaft,
highlighting the swollen veins.

'Please cum in her Sir, please cum in her cunt.'  Allan was getting more
intense, eyes staring unblinkingly at the pistoning cock.  'Fuck my wife, fuck
her, fill her cunt with your cum, please'

Karl was getting very near orgasm as Joy stared at Lucy.

'Please Miss, please Miss.'

'Yes, what is it?'  Lucy answered her plea with indifference.

'Please Miss, I beg you.'

Karen looked again at Greta.  'What does she mean, what's going on?'

'It's very simple my dear.  You see, Joy is actually a school teacher, in her
every day life, and Lucy has trained her to beg like naughty girl.  Good isn't
she?'

Karen could only nod.

'Oh she'll let her cum soon, but until she gives her the signal, there is no way
she will cum, no way she will be able to cum, however hard she tries.'

'Signal, what signal Mistress?'  Karen was puzzled but entranced as she watched
Karl continuing his thrusts, entranced as she felt Joy's desperation for relief,
for orgasm.  Surely she couldn't fail to cum any second.

'Please Miss, please Miss.'  More desperate pleas.

'Yes, what is it now?'  Lucy was still off hand.

'Please Miss, please Miss, can I cum now, please.'

'No, why should I let you?  What's your excuse this time?'

'Miss please, please I'm so near, let me cum.  Please Miss I'm just a slutty
whore, just a f-f-fucking whore.'  Joy stumbled over her words, distracted by
the non stop thrusting into her wettest depths and the embarrassment of verbally
degrading herself.

'Perhaps.'

'Please Miss, let this fucking whore cum, let her earn her money and cum. please
Miss.'

Lucy smiled, yet again she had inflicted total humiliation on her little pet.
'Oh, well, I suppose you are doing pretty well even for a whore, a common
prostitute, a slut.'

'Yes Miss' Joy panted as she felt Karl began to shoot deep inside her, 'Yes I'm
a useless fucking whore.  My cunt is being fucked so hard.  Please let me cum
for you now.  Please!'

Lucy stood up and dropped a twenty bill on her sweat soaked tits.

'Here you are slut, here's your money, now cum and show us all what a fucking
slut you really are.'

'M-Miss, thank you miss.  I'm a slut and a whoreeeeeeee.  Misssssssss! 
I'mmmmm cummmmmmmingggg!'

Finally allowed her orgasm, Joy screamed in ecstasy as she felt the last drops
of cum deposited deep inside her and as she felt the waves of total pleasure
roll over her.



Karen looked at Greta who smiled back at her.  'You see, my dear, it's all a
matter of training.  She can only cum if she admits she's nothing but a
prostitute, a whore.  And, the best thing is, she can't cum until she's been
paid for it.  Nice isn't it.  That's what I call real training, real
humiliation.'

'Y-yes Mistress, I suppose you're right.  But, but what about her husband, does
he have to pay as well?'

'Oh no, he'll get his reward soon, you'll see.  You see, he keeps his wife's
earnings, just like a pimp you see.  And just like one he has his own little
privileges.'

Karen looked across at the naked trio.  All through his wife's ordeal, all the
while she was being fucked, Allan had stood there, watching intently as the
glistening cock had pounded into her, had stretched her.  He had never lifted
his gaze to look at his wife's pleading eyes, or to look at anyone else.  His
whole attention had been totally focused on her smoothly shaven and wetly
shining labia, looking at the way the lips had been stretched, had been
distended around and enveloping Karl's swollen member.  He was still standing
there as Karl finally withdrew his cum soaked cock from between the reddened
labia.

As he did so, Karen saw Allan bend over and stare at the still swollen flesh,
the lips slightly apart revealing that the well used cunt had not fully closed. 
It looked, from a distance, like a small dark tunnel, a tunnel highlighted as
the first strands, the first drips, of semen slowly seeped out and ran down
across her smooth perineum and oozed softly across her tightly clenched anus.

Karen felt her hand squeezed.  'Look!'

She looked again as Allan pushed his face nearer to the semen streaked labia,
the red swollen lips, as he focused eagerly on the white cream.

He stood up and looked across at Lucy and Dave.

'Miss?  Sir?'

'Now what?'  Dave looked as indifferent as his wife.

'Please, may I fuck my wife?  Can I fuck her now?  Please Sir.'  He looked
directly at Lucy.  'Please Miss.  Can I fuck my wife now?'

'Very well, if you must, I suppose you'll have to get on with it.'

As he had pleaded with his owners, it was obvious to everyone watching that his
cock had finally started to thicken, to erect.

Karen stared as she saw it throb and pulse as it gained a full erection.

'You see my dear, just like I said.  He just can't get it up until she's been
fucked, and only then if it's been fucked and filled with cum.  Now he'll get
his reward, pushing his cock into his wife's cunt, his wife's well fucked and
cum filled cunt.'

As she spoke Allan got on his knees and guided his cock between the cum soaked
labia, deep into the tunnel.  Deep into his wife's cunt, filled with her own
secretions and, above all, filled with the thick creamy cum that Karl had
deposited deep inside her.

'You see, my dear, he really does like, what is the men call it, oh yes, sloppy
seconds.'  Greta grimaced.  'Horrible phrase I think, but he likes it, and of
course, if he gets the chance,  he likes sloppy thirds or fourths even more.
Men!'  Greta shook her head and smiled at Karen.


This time Joy was fucked with steady efficiency, with long smooth stokes as she,
for the first time, began to fondle her breasts and tweak her nipples.
Allan increased his pace as, once again, Joy's cries of ecstasy filled the room. 
This time there was no begging, no pleading, as her orgasm approached.
Allan increased his own thrusting, using his cock to rub the super-sensitive
flesh deep inside the slick cunt.  In the silence of the room everyone could
hear the soft squelching as his cock pounded the engorged flesh.  As Joy kneaded
her breasts.  As Joy pulled and pinched her nipples.

'Ohhhhhhhh, yessssssssssssssssss!'  Finally Joy came, without needing
permission.  At the same time Allan grunted and with short urgent thrusts
deposited his own cum deep inside her.

Slowly the tension drained from the room as he withdrew and stood, helping his
wife to her feet, before they presented themselves in front of Lucy and Dave.

'Than you Sir, thank you Miss.'

'You have pleased me.'  Lucy smiled at Joy.  'Go and stand over there in the
corner, we may want to use you both later.'



Greta stood and cleared her throat.

'Yes, well, I think we all enjoyed that.  I think, on behalf of everyone, I
should thank Lucy and Dave for their excellent training.  Excellent!'   She
smiled around the room and glanced at the sweating couple standing, wide legged,
in the corner.

'Don't make a mess on my floor!  Kneel in front of your wife and swallow all of
those juices.'

'Yes Miss, thank you Miss.'  Allan got on his knees and fastened his mouth
around his wife's dripping labia.



'Well, I think a short break for a drink before the next entertainment.  Lisa,
drinks please.'

Lisa moved into the room and attended to the guests.

Greta sat down and beckoned to Ken.

'Yes Mistress.'

'Take slave Andy with you and prepare him.  You know what to do.'

'Yes Mistress, it will be my pleasure.'  Ken grasped Andy by the shoulder and
guided him from the room as Karen looked on apprehensively.  Surely her turn
would soon come.

'Marie, my dear, I think the next entertainment is down to you.  Once you've
finished your drink perhaps you would like to prepare?'

'Of course, Greta, of course.  I think you'll enjoy this!'





End of Part 27


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 28 - Stranger


Lisa finished passing drinks to everybody, Karen settling for a simple light
wine.  She was conscious of the need to keep a clear head, the unknown was
waiting and she wanted, she needed, to be fully aware of what was going to
happen.

Marie looked at Greta and nodded.

"Yes my dear, I think it is time.  Just listen up everybody.  Marie, well Marie
and Jeff, have provided the means for our next little entertainment.

Karen looked up with interest, and wondered.  She looked across at Jeff and the
thought that had troubled all evening needed an answer.

"Mistress, may I ask, I just wondered..."


"Of course my dear, anything."


"Does, is, is Jeff, no, I mean, does Jeff work for Master Karl.  I'm sure I've
seen him somewhere."


"Yes my dear, you are right.  I'm surprised you and Andy hadn't noticed earlier. 
He's our senior Finance Director.  I'm sure Andy must have seen him at times. 
Marie used to work there as his secretary but now she spends most of her time
on, shall we say, other things.  Including his new secretary!"


What other things, Karen wondered, as she watched Marie leave the room.



The conversation in the room slowed as everyone waited in anticipation of the
next part of the evening's entertainment.

Suddenly, there was a low rumbling, the sound of wheels, in the lobby.  Lisa
went across and opened the door as Marie walked in, followed by Ken who was
pushing an elaborate trolley.  Elaborate in that it supported what seemed to be
a tall narrow frame, mounted in such a way that it could be turned and rotated
horizontally or vertically, in any combination, all independently of the trolley
itself.

What made it more interesting was what the frame held.  Tightly strapped, around
the head , waist and ankles, to a central pole within the frame, was a naked
girl.  Completely naked, apart from a close fitting, tightly laced, leather
helmet that covered her head completely.  There were two small, very small,
holes that allowed her to breathe.  In addition, just below her nose, a shiny
metal ring was holding her drooling mouth gaping wide.  As far as the onlookers
could tell she was completely blind to the room around her.  What they  could
not see was that her ears had been plugged and she was unable to hear anything
at all.  Naked, blind and deaf.  Totally helpless and vulnerable.

As Ken pushed the trolley into the room he paused and demonstrated the
versatility of the frame.  Effortlessly he rotated it so that the naked victim
was suddenly upside down.  As she was turned a plaintive cry, a gurgle could be
heard as she attempted to protest at her treatment.  As soon as she was vertical
Ken spun the frame on its vertical axis before he returned it, slowly, to the
correct position.

"Wonderful isn't it!? Marie was clearly pleased with her new toy.  "Mind you, I
have to thank Mike for his help.  You know how good he is in his workshop."


Greta called her congratulations.  "Tell us what it can do, what it's for."


"Well you've seen most of it.  What it means is that we can transport anyone
where we like, and, if they're hooded like this, they lose all sense of
direction, they have no idea where they are or where they're going.? She paused
and pinched the defenceless pink nipples as the girl hung there.  A muffled
squeal came out of the helmet, out of the gaping mouth.  "Mind you, you can see
that she does know where her tits are, but that's different of course."


"Excellent, I like it, I may want to borrow that later.? Agnes showed her
approval.

"Now, Ken, bring her across here and we'll put her on one of the benches."


Ken assisted Marie, as the naked hooded victim was unstrapped and helped to
stand on the floor.  She was unsteady after the disorienting ride and Marie
stood behind her, cupping her breasts as she steadied her.  Despite being
barefoot she was clearly a tall girl, slim with a narrow waist and firm hard
breasts.  Everyone in the room could see that she was much younger than the
naked Joy, standing in the corner with her husband still mouthing her labia.
The contrast between the firm uplifted breasts and the flatter, sagging breasts
was the more remarkable for the contrast between Joy's pale body and the younger
girls richly tanned flesh.  That was not the only difference.  Karen thought
that this girl was almost certainly a natural blonde, or at least the carefully
trimmed strip of pubic hair seemed to support that conclusion.  Even so, she
recalled some of her own experiments in her teenage years when she had
definitely had a least one patch of blonde hair, in contrast to her own chestnut
hair.  Happy days!  Karen sighed and continued to watch the proceedings.

"Now, let's lay her on here, just so.? Marie instructed Ken as she held her arms
for the leather cuffs that hung from under the corners of the padded bench. 
"Good, now her legs.  Nice.  Just a bit wider, let her feel herself being
stretched.? Ken fastened some narrow leather thongs just above her knees, so
that her legs were almost immovable although she retained a little freedom in
her lower legs. Marie checked the degree of movement and was finally satisfied. 
"You may go and finish your other preparations now."


Ken walked briskly out of the room.

"Just one thing more.? Marie looked across at Greta.  "Shoes I think."


"Definitely, they will be necessary.  Lisa!  Fetch us a pair of the highest
heels you can find."


Lisa left the room and returned shortly with a pair of shoes that appeared to
have at least six inch heels and narrow, buckled straps to fit across the toes
and around the ankles.

"Good.  Now put them on her and pull them tight, nice and tight.  Make sure that
they hurt her feet."


Lisa made no secret of her own pleasure as she held each bare foot and fondled
it before fixing the shoes tightly into position.  As she pulled the straps
tighter everyone could hear more guttural groans from the naked girl as she lay
helpless unable to avoid, or even see, the cause of her latest discomfort.

Marie watched her efforts with interest, sensing the arousal that Lisa had felt. 
"You may get a chance to serve me later, I think I could make use of a foot
slave, a female foot slave.  Let's wait and see.? She turned and looked back at
Greta.  "Do you like my little display?"


Murmurs of approval came from around the room, but Karen felt that she could
risk a comment.

"Karen, my dear.? Marie addressed her directly.  "What do you think?  You're
new here after all."


"I-I-I I'm not sure, really."


Marie smiled and turned and looked around the room.  "Well, my dear, you see it
really is so simple.  Once we have a suitable subject, like our little friend
over there,?she gestured towards the naked form spread-eagled on the bench, ��

we can do just what we like.  Nice isn't it??She looked at Karen, and, getting
no response, continued her comments.  "You see, just imagine if it were you over
there.  You would not be able to see anything at all, you wouldn't know if it
was night or day.  You wouldn't be able hear even the slightest sound.  And,
even better, you wouldn't be able to make any sensible sound.  Totally isolated,
totally helpless, totally exposed.  And of course, look at how the poor thing is
dribbling, drooling, slobbering.  How degrading it must feel for her."


Greta interrupted her.  "Marie my dear, I think we get the idea, or I hope so."

 She looked at Karen unsmiling.

"Yes, of course, I was just going to add that the feeling she must have of being
totally naked, not knowing if there is anyone, man or woman, or if there are
dozens, around her, is also so humiliating.  She is so delightfully exposed and
she can't do a thing about it."


Karl was getting impatient.  "Marie, you've sold the idea pretty dam well to all
of us, so do you think we could get on with things now?"


Marie nodded her understanding and looked at Greta.  "Shall we bring him in
now?"


Greta smiled broadly as she looked first at Karen and then at Marie.  "Yes,
let's get this show on the road.? She looked back at Karen and whispered, "I
wonder how your useless boy-friend will perform now.  Look!  Here he comes now."


Karen turned towards the door.

The door was open and Ken walked in guiding a naked male, a naked Andy, into the
room.

Well, Karen thought, it surely has to be Andy.  The smooth body and the slightly
thickened cock certainly looked familiar, the build was about right, but, this
male was hooded.  Not completely hooded, but wearing some form of half mask made
of what appeared to be thick cloth or even canvas.  The outside was crossed with
reinforcing straps of the same material clearly visible and buckled tightly
around the back of his head.  There was no way it would  allow him to see even
the merest hint of light, but it neither covered his ears or his mouth.  It only
partly covered his nose and a strap just below it made sure that there was no
way the hood could be moved accidentally.  She could see that his mouth was not
constricted in any way. The sole intention seemed to be as an elaborate and
effective blindfold as all of his other senses were unimpeded.

Ken brought the hooded male in front of Greta.  "Is this satisfactory Mistress?"


She looked closely at the hood and suggested that a little tightening of the
straps would be in order.  Ken completed the tightening and moved over to stand
against the wall besides Lisa.

Marie looked at Jeff for his approval and turned to Greta.  "Shall we proceed
then?"


"Of course.  Perhaps you should give him a little tour before we let him loose."


Marie called Jeff over to help her as they moved Andy towards the naked form
lying in front of them.  Forcing him to his knees at the side of the waiting
female, waiting and quite unaware of events around her, Jeff grabbed Andy's
right wrist and placed his hand on the girls naked right breast.  Andy, deprived
of any visual stimulus, was clearly in full command of his tactile senses as he
felt a hardened nipple in the palm of his hand.  His cock began to stiffen
slightly as he rotated his hand across the flattened breast causing more
guttural moans from under the leather hood.  "Now the other one, see of you can
find it yourself.? Marie whispered her command as Andy slid his hand around, and
then across, the heaving chest before he again centered on a resilient nipple. 
More moans from under the hood as Andy began to knead this breast, began to grow
to a fuller erection.

"Enough tit play for now, I suggest.? Karl called across, before he smiled slyly
at his wife.  "Time for some of that later."


Jeff roughly pulled Andy to his feet and brought him around to stand between the
wide stretched legs and then made him kneel between them.  Again he grabbed
Andy's wrist and lay his hand on the sparsely covered mound.  This time Andy
needed no prompting as his thumb fell naturally over the shaven slit and onto
the small, still soft, clitoris.  He reacted to the sensation by trying to rub
his thumb between the labia and attempting to caress the bud directly.

"No more!? Greta called across, as she saw his cock bloom into a full and
throbbing erection.  "Set him to work, he gets nothing until we see him work on
her."


Andy was confused and then hopeful.  Did this mean that he would be allowed to
lick, to taste the burgeoning juices that he had detected?

Jeff abruptly disappointed him as he and Marie held a wrist each and pulled them
slowly down the lower legs until he was holding each naked ankle, covered only
by the thin straps of the shoes.

"Now, you know what to do.  Get on with it!? Greta stood up and walked over to
stand behind him.  She looked around the group.  "He has already shown us his
special skills, so now it's time for him to show all of you.? She nudged him
with her foot, "Get on with it.  Now!"


Andy, already aroused at the sensations of nipples and clitoris, aroused by the
throbbing of his erection, felt even more pleasure as he realised that he was
holding bare feet encased with just thin straps.  He let go of the left foot and
focused his efforts on the right foot.  Holding the sharp teetering heel in one
hand, savoring the smoothness, the tapering point, he used his other hand to
explore the toes.  The naked toes.  The naked toes with the leather thong across
them.  He ran his fingers gently over them and traced his index finger gently
down the cleavage between each toe before he bent his head and ventured his
tongue to lick the smooth flesh.  Savoring the taste of warm flesh and warm
leather he forced his tongue harder between the toes before he gently licked the
smooth instep, highly arched by being forced into such a high heeled shoe.

He paused his effort, briefly and tentatively he moved his right hand to feel,
to stroke, his erection.  Hearing no comment he continued to slowly masturbate
as he licked the bare flesh, before he fumbled with the ankle strap, removing
the shoe and discarding it unseen on the floor.  He began to lick the bare sole,
lifting the leg as high as he could within the bondage that had been inflicted
on the naked, anonymous, victim.  As his tongue licked from smooth bare heel to
bare toes and back again, everyone in the room could hear the moans from under
the leather hood.  Despite herself, despite her confinement, it was obvious that
Andy had begun to arouse her.

"Good!? Greta walked back to her seat, "I think he deserves a reward."


"Agreed, perhaps we should allow him to fuck her?? Marie suggested, smiling at
Jeff s they stood to one side.  "It looks as if his cock is hard enough to last
for hours!"


"We'll see, shall we?? Greta smiled around the room.  "He hasn't managed to feel
the warmth and wetness of a woman since he came here.  Yes. we'll allow him a
fuck I think, and we shall enjoy seeing him perform.? She turned and looked
directly at Karen. "Won't we my dear?"


"If that is your wish Mistress, then I'm sure we will all enjoy that."


Greta motioned Jeff to help him up.  "Let him walk around his prize before we
put him into position.? Jeff helped Andy to his feet, his full erection bobbing
in front of him.  Greta stood up and nodded to Ken who immediately left the
room.  She turned to the group and motioned everyone to silence.

As Jeff brought Andy slowly around the hooded victim, Marie casually held his
cock and gently gave it a few strokes, making Andy gasp with the unaccustomed
touch.  While he was still distracted Ken had come back into the room bringing
with him Margo, who appeared to be naked under a thin robe.

As she realised who the newcomer was Karen managed to suppress a gasp of
surprise as Greta flashed her a warning look, holding her fingers to her lips.
"Shhhhhh!"


Ken helped Margo to the other bench, alongside the naked hooded victim, and, as
she handed her robe to Ken she settled herself comfortably on the bench.  Ken
walked back towards the side of the room smiling broadly.

The guests were watching entranced with this new development, it was a new idea
from Greta, something that she had never tried before and they were intrigued to
watch how it developed.

Karen was quite fascinated, she had never knowingly seen a woman of Margo's age
so blatantly naked in front to of so many others.  Her figure was surprisingly
trim and her breasts, though quite pendulous, were still shapely enough, shapely
enough to interest Karen.  Her nipples were quite dark and, clearly, she was
obviously making use of her own waxing technique.  All in all, Karen thought,
Margo was an attractive woman, proof, it such were needed, that older women were
just as attractive as young girls. Perhaps more so, Karen thought.
After all, the woman who had introduced her to the delights of female love had
been around the same age as Margo and she had not seemed old to her.  Not at
that time.  Not even to a teenager, she thought wryly.

Meanwhile Jeff and Marie had managed to position Andy on his knees between
Margo's wide spread legs.  As they eased him forward into position he tried to
reach out and touch what he blindly assumed was naked flesh in front of him.

"No!? Greta snapped.  "You may fuck but you may not touch.  You can't see and
you can't touch, just fuck, and make sure you give us a good performance."


"Yes Mistress.? Clearly Andy was disappointed, but nevertheless the thought of
pushing his swollen flesh into a wet and, hopefully, willing female was enough
to satisfy him.

"And make sure she cums more than once before you make a mess in her.
Understand?? Greta added some subtle humiliation.

"Yes Mistress."


As he spoke Marie had grabbed his cock between disdainful fingers and guided the
swollen head in between the slick and puffy labia as Jeff held them apart.
Margo didn't object to be used, being handled, in this way.  She had been well
used to such things in the past and she had become to need such participation
before she could achieve a truly satisfying orgasm.  Several people around the
room craned forward to get a better view as Jeff's fingers exposed a proudly
erect clitoris, gleaming with the sweet juices that Margo had exuded.

Satisfied that the swollen glans had been inserted up to its rim Marie finally
released the now pulsing cock and moved back to her seat.

"Hold that position!? Jeff commanded, happy to take over command of the
situation.

Andy was willing to obey as he felt the wetness, the warmth, envelop his exposed
and sensitive flesh.

After an eternity of waiting, although it was barely five minutes, Margo
signalled silently to Jeff.

"OK now you can fuck her as hard as you can.  Just remember, no touching and she
has to cum at least twice before you even think about cumming."


Andy was silent.

"Well, where are your manners?? Marie called across.

"Than you Miss, thank you Sir, thank you.?Andy responded in what he hoped was an
appropriate manner and began fucking slowly deeper into the waiting cunt.

As he began to thrust, trying to balance on his knees, with his only point of
reference his cock deep within a wet and warm cunt, he began to feel a
tightening around his erection.  Surely?  No, surely not?  He paused as he
plunged to the deepest recesses and stopped and waited.  Yes!  Definitely!  No,
there was no mistake, he could definitely feel the warm velvety cunt contract
around his erection.  Clearly this female, whoever she was, had developed some
incredible vaginal and pelvic muscles.  As he held himself deep inside her he
could feel the clenching and unclenching around himself, almost masturbating
him.  The sensation was quite incredible as he keep still and enjoyed it.

"Keep on fucking!? Greta was aware of those intimate skills that Margo had
demonstrated so subtly.  After all, she had been kept informed every time after
her husband had fucked Margo in the past.  She was, according to Karl, the only
woman he had ever fucked who could work her cunt so incredibly and actually make
him cum.  Better even than Greta, she who had always prided herself on her
excellent muscle tone.  "Fuck her now, and don't keep stopping."


Se smiled at Karen and thought that surely she was a likely pupil to be taught
such special skills.  Perhaps she would employ Margo to teach her how to please
a man.  Or a woman!

Even as she mused and planned for future pleasures, Andy was continuing to
piston back and forth into the wet and muscular cunt that lay unseen before him. 
Unseen by him, but clearly visible to the onlookers, Margo was beginning to
reach an orgasm. Her eyes were staring, her mouth open and literally gasping for
air, her fingers and toes curled with the rising passion.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhhh, yesss don't stop, don't stoooopppppppppppp!"


Andy was aware of her pleasure as he continued to thrust back and forth, aware
that even in the throes of passion she was still exercising her pelvic muscles
around his swollen cock.

Both he and Margo were beginning to be covered with a sheen of sweat as their
combined exertions continued.  In a few more brief minutes she reached another
explosive orgasm, screaming her pleasure to all in the room.  As the waves of
pleasure swept through her she crossed her arms and gently lifted her pendulous
breasts from their position hanging slightly down each side of her rib cage
before she began pinching her nipples.  Nipples that were hard and swollen.
Nipples that were enlarged, but, even in their engorged state, not as big as
Karen's were, even when soft and unaroused.

Andy was beginning to feel the strain of his continuing thrusting, with all of
his weight on his knees and with no other firm support and he began to slow
down, still needing to achieve his own orgasm but, more urgently, needing to
rest for a brief moment.

"Don't stop, there is at least another cum left in her yet!? Marie was clearly
excited at the performance in front of her, her face flushed and her voice
hoarse with her lust.

"I know just the thing to get him going!? As she spoke Greta got out of her seat
and moved around to the silent, naked hooded female still strapped to her bench
alongside the sweating couple, unaware, in her silent world, of the frenetic
activity next to her.

Greta knelt down and rapidly unstrapped the remaining shoe, the remaining spike
heeled shoe.  Holding it in her hand she rubbed the heel across Andy's open
mouth, as he gasped for breath.  She turned it and allowed him to smell, to
savor, the smell of the warm leather and the hint of scented naked flesh, from
the foot that had so recently worn it.

"Here you are, a little present!? Greta spoke into Andy's ear.  "You can hold it
and lick it if you like, just as long as you keep on fucking!"


"Th-thank you Mistress.? Andy eagerly grasped the spike heeled shoe in his right
hand as he began to thrust yet again into Margo's seemingly insatiable cunt.  He
held it and fingered the smoothly tapered heel before he sniffed and savored the
aroma.  His thrusting increased in intensity as he began to lick and then suck
the heel.  Suck it like sucking a cock.

The group looked at his performance enthralled at his reactions, his obvious
pleasure in enjoying his fetish.

Margo began to moan again as, unseen, she began gripping the invading hard cock
even harder with her vaginal muscles.  Her third orgasm was building but this
time it was building as Andy's own orgasm was approaching.

Almost simultaneously the two began gasping and moaning.  Margo, hoarse from her
earlier orgasms, could only moan softly as she pulled her nipples in time with
the surges of pleasure spreading from her loins whilst Andy, experiencing his
first vaginal ejaculation since he had been taken by Karl and Greta, could only
grunt and gasp as his cum jetted deep inside the muscular cunt.

Marie got up and walked across.  "Don't pull out, stop in there until she tells
you to move."


"Yes Miss.?Andy could barely gasp after his exertions, even as he felt Margo
continue her incredible tightening around his cock, holding it deep inside her,
unwilling to let it go.

Marie smiled at Greta, "Time now, I think??and reached down to release the
leather hood from the naked female still strapped to her own bench, arms and
legs still secured firmly in place.



As she removed the constricting hood, and the plugs inserted into each ear, the
couples around the circle saw that the girl was indeed a blonde.  Short blonde
hair and a pert face, red from it's prolonged confinement.  She looked around
and blinked in the unaccustomed light before she tried to focus on the naked
couple beside her, slowly realising just what had been taking place so close to
her.

"Shhhhh!? Marie stopped her speaking, "Wait!"


"Now everyone, I think it's time for the mask to be removed, to let the lovers
see each other properly.? Greta looked at Marie.  "Would you like to do that my
dear?"


"Oh yes, oh yes indeed.? Marie smiled triumphantly as she walked behind Andy,
sill kneeling with his cock firmly gripped by Margo's well developed muscles,
still holding the shoe by its stiletto heel.

She undid the final straps and pulled off the canvas hood, as Andy, too, blinked
in the bright light.  "There you are, did you enjoy that fuck, slave?"


"Yes Miss, it was incredible, an incredible fuck.? He looked down at the naked
female before him.  "W-who are you?? Andy had expected to see, well he didn't
quite know what he expected, but the woman before him, clearly much older than
him, left him speechless.

"What's the matter?? Karl laughed happily.  "Didn't think of that did you?"


"Of course he didn't, my dear, of course he didn't.? Greta responded.  "But
now, I guess the only woman he will ever want to fuck again will be someone
like, in fact, someone exactly like, our friend."


She stood up again and walked over.  "Margo, meet slave Andy.  Slave Andy meet
Margo."


Margo smiled happily, as she relaxed her tired muscles, unwilling to admit to
anybody that delightful though it was to use her special skill to hold and to
excite a male, it was nevertheless extremely tiring, even if it was incredibly
rewarding.  "You can pull out now, I shall use you later if Greta allows it."


"Oh I allow it all right.  In fact I insist!? She held Andy by the chin and
lifted his head.  "From now on, the only woman you'll fuck, and then only with
my permission, is Margo.  Understand?"


"Y-yes Mistress.  But....? Andy paused.  "But, what about ..."


"Forget slave Karen, you will do as I say, and, if needed, I'm sure Dave and
Lucy will be willing to train you.  You already know how good they are of
course."


"Yes, we'll do it.  We can start any time you like Greta.? Lucy smiled happily
across the room, looking forward to some intensive slave training.  In her
corner, Joy looked apprehensive, memories of her own training by Lucy flashing
through her mind.

"Hold on folks, let's not forget our other guest here.  Marie, introduce your
little pet, will you?"


"Of course.  Everyone, meet Alix.  Alix meet everyone.? As she spoke the blonde,
Alix, strained to look around despite the uncomfortable position she remained
in.

"Here, let me help, let me undo those straps and you can stand up and see
everyone properly.? Marie quickly unbuckled the four straps and helped Alix
unsteadily to her feet.  "Now here you are, you'll soon get to know us, know us
pretty well too, I guess."


Alix swallowed nervously.  "Yes Miss Marie, thank you."


"Of course, here's someone you do know, I think!? Marie turned Alix towards
Andy.

They stared at each other in mutual recognition.

"You!"


"You!? Andy could barely speak as he realised who was standing naked in front of
him.  "But...you're..."


"Of course she is, you fool!? Greta called across.  "Do you think we don't
know how you used to try and get your hands inside her bra, inside her panties,
whenever you went into her office?  How you humiliated her in public?  How
offensive you were to her?"


"Oh my god!? Andy whispered, his face white, still holding the shoe that had so
recently adorned Alix's foot.  "I do know you.....I -  I - I'm so sorry."


"Too late for that, you've already gone too far for mere apologies.? Greta was
triumphant at the latest humiliation.  "My dear, you know who was rubbing your
tits, your clit, licking and kissing your feet?  Sucking your toes?  Guess who. 
Meet mister wonderful here.? She gestured to Andy, kneeling, his cock hanging
limply downwards, still slick with the combined fluids from his ejaculation and
Margo's flowing juices.

Alix turned to Marie in bewilderment.  "What does she mean Miss Marie?"


"Simple my dear, Andy, sorry, slave Andy is just a slave here, a slave to Greta
and Karl, just like you are a slave to Jeff and me.  The only difference is that
he is a mere male, so he is lower than you.  Greta has told me that you can
borrow him later, to use him as you please.  There are plenty of ideas
downstairs, as you'll see later."


"Of course she'll see.  In fact, I think it's time we all went downstairs for a
change.  Don't you?? Greta stood and addressed the group.  As everyone began to
move she turned to Karen, and expressionless, pushed her back into her seat.

"Not you my dear.  Not you.  It's your turn to entertain us.  Wait here for
Lucy.  She's got some new clothes for you to try on.? Greta smiled across at
Lucy.  "That's right isn't it, something rather becoming I suppose?  I hope it
fits her/"


"Oh yes, leave her to me Greta.  I, personally, will get her prepared.  And, I
suppose, any final adjustments we can finish downstairs.  Don't worry it will
fit her, or, perhaps, she will fit it!"


"Of course!  C'mon everyone, let's get ourselves comfortable for the next
session.  Greta ushered the group towards the steps leading down to the dungeon.

"Ken, Lisa, bring these slaves down with you.  They can soon be made, shall we
say, comfortable.  Oh, and don't forget the other two will you?"


Ken shepherded the naked slaves towards the door as Lisa went to collect the
other two packages that had been brought earlier by the arriving guests..




End of Part 28


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 29 - Ordeal


Karen sat apprehensively in her seat as Lucy and Greta conferred.  Just what was
being planned for her?  And just what did Lucy mean when she said 'Don't worry
it will fit her, or, perhaps, she will fit it!'

As the door closed on the group, as Greta walked out talking to Margo, clad once
again in her robe, Lucy walked across to Karen.

'Now, Karen my dear, you don't know much about me do you?'

'No Miss, sorry Miss.'

'Well, you have seen how I can manage the training of male and female slaves, so
what do you think of that?'

'Well, Miss, I don't think I should say anything, really.' Karen saw the look on
Lucy's face.  'But...but, yes, you did a really good job with Allan and Joy. 
Yes, a very good job.'

'Thank you!  Now I'll show some of my other talents, shall I?'  Lucy smiled and
held her hand towards Karen.  'Come with me my dear and I'll show something that
I have made especially for you.'

The couple went out of the room and towards the small room that Greta had placed
at Lucy's disposal.

'Come on in my dear, come on in.'  Lucy led the way as Karen followed
hesitantly.  'Go over there and strip!  Now!'  Lucy's voiced hardened as she
stared intently at Karen.  'And then present yourself for inspection!'

Karen looked nervously as she began to remove her shoes, the easiest items to
remove, before she unfastened her dress and let it fall to the floor around her
bare feet.  'Miss?  What do want me to do now?'

Lucy walked over and slowly ran her hands all over Karen's smooth naked body,
paying special attention to the freshly waxed labia, already slightly slick with
her juices.  After a few moments, all too few for Karen, she stood behind her
and began to feel her heavy, full nippled breasts.  Feel, and then lift them
before she palpated them gently.  'Mmmmmmm, yes, you'll be fine.'

'Fine?  Miss?'  Karen was still puzzled and could not imagine what pleasure, or
what torment, Lucy had in mind for her.  As she looked at her temporary owner,
in the sense that Greta had asked Lucy to deal with her, her mind ran riot with
her imaginings.

Finally Lucy moved and turned around to open a large cardboard box lying in the
corner.  She carefully opened it, removing sheets of soft paper wrapping before
she removed the mysterious garment.

'Here we are my dear, just slip into that will you.'  Lucy held up what seemed
to Karen  something much too small  to fit her, much too constricted to fit her
rounded curves.  'Don't worry my dear, you'll manage, and you'll get some help
when we join the others.  Now get dressed!'



Downstairs Greta made sure that everyone was settled comfortably.  As a
concession to the surroundings Dave, in his wife's absence, suggested that Allan
and Joy should be placed against one wall, their wrists cuffed to adjacent pairs
of chains already in position.

'At least,' he smiled at Greta, ' they won't get into any mischief, just yet.
And, if they watch they may just learn something, something new perhaps.'

'I'm sure they will, I'm quite sure they will.'  Greta agreed and, looking at
her husband, smiled, happy with the knowledge of what was going to happen soon,
as soon as Lucy brought Karen down into the dungeon.

Marie had decided that, for the time being, it was best if Alix knelt at her
feet, in submission, until the time came for her to be involved in the
proceedings again.  After consulting with Greta, they had decided that Andy
could wait a while before they allowed Alix to decide on his next punishment.
Yet again, he found himself in the so-familiar wooden stocks, across the floor
from Alix.  He was painfully aware that, should she dare to lift her head, or be
allowed to, she would have a clear and unobstructed view of his predicament.


As for the other two 'parcels', Greta had insisted that they be placed
temporarily in separate, unused cells along the corridor.  Time enough for them
later.



There was a low buzz from the house phone next to Greta's chair.  She picked it
up and listened before she looked across at Agnes and raised her eyebrow.
'Perhaps you should get ready my dear.  I assume that you will prepare yourself
as usual for your little session with Karen.'

Ron smiled at his wife as she stood up.

Yes, I certainly will!' Agnes moved over towards Greta.  'You all know how I
love to work topless on these occasions, so I know no one will object.'  Allen
and Joy had seen Agnes in action, as it were, on previous occasions but Alix
couldn't resist looking up before Marie cuffed her cheek, making her blush and
bow her head once more.

Karl, who always enjoyed the sight of any woman, of any female, dressing,
undressing or just changing clothes, moved forward in his seat expectantly.

'Patience, Karl, patience!' Agnes admonished him.  'Nothing you haven't seen
before you know!'  As she spoke she unzipped the close fitting leather top she
had been wearing all evening and slipped it off, before throwing it to Karl.
'Here, you like the smell of leather, and this is a new one.  One of our new
product lines actually.'  She didn't need to explain to the assembled group that
the main business that she and Ron engaged in, apart from the more conventional
bikers gear, was the manufacture, and sale, of custom designed leather clothes,
garments and similar items, specifically for members of the bondage community.

As she removed her top, everyone could admire her figure, as she posed clad only
in a tight fitting, fairly short leather skirt and a pair of matching black knee
length stiletto heeled boots, laced with contrasting red leather thongs, from
instep to knee.  She spun around to show every one.  'You like?'

Murmurs of approval from around the group were interrupted by Karl.  'Come and
stand over here, my dear, let me admire the view!'

Agnes laughed as she looked first at Ron, and then at Greta before she moved in
front of Karl.

'Goodness me!  My tits do seem to fascinate you, don't they?' Agnes looked
across at Greta.  'I think you'll have to do something with him,  he's getting
quite an unhealthy fixation about my tits.'

Greta nodded, amused at the interchange.  She could understand Karl's
fascination.  Agnes did have a truly magnificent pair of heavy, well formed,
breasts, slightly, only slightly, drooping, so that almost any male, and
certainly any male around her in the dungeon, would lust for.  The startling
difference, at least to Greta, as she mentally compared Agnes' tits with her
own, was her nipples.  Agnes had exceptionally large areolae.  As large as, if
not larger, than any she had seen on any other woman.  At least, she estimated,
a full three inches across and colored a light brown.  However, it seemed that
Mother Nature, in some perverse compensatory mood, having rewarded Agnes on the
one hand with superb areolae, had then failed to provide nipples in proportion. 
Nipples she certainly had, and as Greta would happily assert, extremely
sensitive nipples, but they were very small, almost girl-like in size and shape. 
A shape that barely changed between the soft, unaroused state and when she was
fully aroused.

As Agnes gave Karl his special close up, Greta, in common with the other women
in the room, were well aware, that, despite her outward appearance, despite her
flaunting, while Agnes was immensely proud of her areolae, she was deeply
embarrassed by her nipples.  Embarrassed and disappointed that she had not got
prominent teats like other women of her acquaintance.  One of her great
pleasures was during such gatherings as this one, in the company of
understanding friends.  Friends who could both admire and sympathise, while at
the same time appreciate her skill in tormenting others, other females, other
female slaves, who were better formed, who had more prominent teats.



'Come in, my dear, come in and let's see what you have for us.'  Greta called as
she heard a tap on the door.

Lucy walked in briskly, her heels clicking on the floor as Karen padded silently
behind her on bare feet.  'Stand over there and show your Mistress.'

Karen bowed her head and padded in front of Greta.

Greta looked approvingly.  'A first class job, Lucy, my friend.  Just a little
more fitting needed, I think.'

Karen was wearing a shiny black latex body-suit.  A body-suit cut so cunningly
that it followed every curve of her body, every soft undulation of her skin.
Cut so cunningly that it appeared to hold and compress her body, giving her an
even trimmer waist and a greater firmness to her arms and legs.  Truly, Greta
thought, an excellent fit.  Clearly, Marie was good at her job, her part-time
job, in making and designing garments in all grades, thicknesses and colors of
rubber and latex.  Greta looked again at Karen.  Yes, she nodded to herself, it
fits her extremely well.

Apart from where it didn't fit at all!

Karen's hands, feet and head were uncovered, the rubber ending at neat cuffs at
her wrists, ankles and neck.   The collar ended neatly just below her chin and
it seemed that it would be possible for an additional item, perhaps some form of
helmet, to be fixed at some time. Unsurprisingly, her labia were uncovered.
Indeed she was quite bare between her legs, from her mound to the base of her
spine, the rubber being cleverly cut so that her labia were completely exposed
and her rounded buttocks held firm and slightly apart, showing the narrow valley
between them.

The highlight, though, for everyone looking at the creation, was her breasts.
Obviously the garment had been designed with full exposure in mind, but, as
Karen stood there it was obvious that she need some adjustment.  Over each
breast, centered over each nipple, was a circular cut-out, probably around three
to four inches in diameter, but, with the elasticity of the thin latex, her
breasts were actually almost flattened making the small circles of flesh visible
around her nipples bulge grotesquely.

There was one other feature that could be seen.  Along the sides of the suit, up
the legs and body, and along the arms, there was what appeared to be a
reinforced seam, fitted with small D-rings at regular intervals.

'Tell me,' Greta looked at Lucy, 'what are those rings for?  Am I missing
something here?'

'Oh no, of course not.'  Lucy smiled and waved her hand at Mike siting quietly
in the shadows.  'It's all been planned.  Mike had already made the trolley
thing, you know, for Marie.  We all know how good he is at these things so I
asked him to make a little device for me to use later.  Patience my dear, we'll
give him time to set it up soon and you can see what we can do with our friend
here.'

'Fine!  Over to you, then, Agnes my dear!'



Agnes looked keenly at the display.  'I think, I really think that you may need
a little help in wearing that suit my dear.'

'Of course she does, and you know exactly what is needed.' Lucy smiled at Agnes
in agreement.  'I'll let you get on with it I think.'  Lucy sat down and looked
expectantly at Agnes.

Karen was staring at Agnes, quite unprepared for the sight of her heavy,
exposed, breasts, and especially the sight of her enlarged areolae.  Especially
the areolae!

'What are you staring at, slut?'  Agnes shouted at Karen.  'Go and stand over
there.'  Agnes pointed at the raised area where Karen had experienced her
torments under the hand of Greta.  Torments that seemed to have been a life time
ago.

'N-nothing Miss...Miss Agnes.'  Karen was wary of her reply, uncertain as to how
Agnes would react.

'Haven't you seen a pair of tits before?'

'Yes Miss.'

'Hmmmm, it's a pity we can't see yours then isn't it?'  Agnes moved over to
stand beside Karen.  'How careless of you to get dressed without showing us just
what you've got under there.'

'Sorry Miss, sorry!'  Karen expressed her sorrow at her failure, despite being
aware that, when she pulled the suit over her flesh, it was too tight for her to
easily adjust the fit anywhere on her body.  Now she began t realise why Lucy
had been so keen to help her adjust the fit around her exposed labia but why she
had been equally keen to dissuade Karen from adjusting the compressing strain
across her full breasts.

'Let me help you then, it won't take long, I'm sure, and then you'll feel so
much more comfortable.'

'Thank you Miss Agnes.'  Karen maintained her respectful attitude despite an
uneasy feeling that the next few minutes might be less than enjoyable for her.

'My pleasure, my dear, my pleasure!'  Agnes smiled broadly as she grasped
Karen's right nipple firmly and pinched it hard.

'Ouch!'

'Silence!  Just be quiet, that was nothing!'  Agnes looked back at Greta.  'I
thought you'd trained this one properly?'

'We can gag her if you wish.' Greta looked concerned.

'No need, no need.  Just as long as she keeps quiet for us.' Agnes laughed at
Karen.  'Well as quiet as she can.  After all, I do like to get a reaction from
my sluts.  I always find that a little screaming and begging makes it all so
much more fun.'  Agnes pinched the nipple again.  'Don't you agree, slut?'

'Y-yes Miss.'  Karen was almost tearful.

Agnes continued to grip the nipple and, as she did so, she began to rotate it
slightly teasing it outwards and extending it as far as she could.  Karen
whimpered softly as the tension increased in her sensitive flesh.  Slowly, so
slowly, her breast began to pull through the constricting ring of latex.

'P-please!'  Karen couldn't help herself as the tension in her nipple and the
friction on her soft breast became increasingly unbearable.

'Shut up!  This is nothing.  It's your fault that you didn't powder yourself
first, then it would have been easy to get your tit right out.'  Agnes looked
over at Lucy, smiling in her chair at Karen's discomfort.  'Didn't you let her
powder herself or oil herself first?'

'Oh no, I know you wouldn't approve.  In any case I didn't want to spoil the
lovely color and feel of the latex.'  Lucy was pleased with her answer, because
she knew that, whatever she had done, the extraction of Karen's tit from the
enclosing latex would have still been painful, as painful as Agnes could make
it.

Agnes resumed her tweaking and pulling as Karen's breast slowly emerged through
the hole in the latex suit.  As she kept pulling and tugging on the nipple, it
was obvious to the onlookers that Agnes was enjoying herself immensely.  Karen
looked at Agnes, topless and perspiring slightly with her exertions, and began
to envy the lack of teats.  At least, she thought, without them she couldn't
pinch me and pull me.

Finally, after more tweaking, the full roundness of Karen's' right breast
emerged from within the suit and was exposed to view as Agnes released the
reddened and extended nipple.  'There you are my dear, not too bad after all,
was it?'

'M-miss, but...'Karen was sobbing gently as the sensation returned to her
tormented nipple.  'Sorry, Miss, but it hurt me so much.  Please don't hurt me
any more.  Please!'

Agnes laughed in response.  'But why not, I enjoyed it.' She waved her hand
round the dungeon.  'Everyone here enjoyed it.  Perhaps I'd better start on your
other tit!'

'N-noooooooo!'  Karen wailed in terror at the thought of more torment.

'Oh dear. what a weakling you are!'  Agnes responded by beginning to squeeze and
knead the exposed tit, rubbing it and pulling it relentlessly.  'You see my
dear, what an excellent job Lucy has done.  A perfect fit for your tit.  Now
we've got it out for you its nicely supported for you.  Look how prettily it
bulges.'

Agnes slapped the reddened tit once more.  'Don't tell us it's too tight for
you.  After all we could just tie some rope round it if that's what you'd
prefer!'

.Oh, no Miss.  No Miss, I beg you, don't tie my tits.  Miss, it feels just right
now, thank you Miss!'  Karen desperately tried to avoid any further torment on
her bruised, reddened and tender tit. Avoid any further assault on her sore and
still extended nipple.  She looked down at herself, at her odd shape, with one
breast still flattened under the thin latex and the other bulging almost
obscenely.  Bulging full and round with the nipple standing proud, almost fully
erect.  Despite herself, despite the pain and discomfort during the cruel
manipulation, Karen was beginning to feel aroused at the sensation from her sore
nipple and distended breast.  Strangely, to her, it seemed that the effect of
pulling it through the hole in the latex had a similar effect to having it tied
with rope or cord, but without the soreness and inflexibility.  Yes, she thought
to herself, perhaps it's not so bad after all.

Agnes spoke quietly, breaking into her thoughts.  'Now, my dear, let's get to
work on your other tit shall we?'

'Please! Please don't hurt me Miss, I don't think I could stand much more.'

'Now, I'm a very reasonable woman, and Greta I know is more than reasonable.'
She turned her back on Karen.  'What do you say my dear, shall we go easy on her
now?'

'Well.......'  Greta paused.  'Perhaps she did have to take a lot of punishment
then.  May I make a suggestion and see if she agrees with it?'

'Of course, any idea from you is always worth listening too.'  Agnes nodded her
agreement as she looked at the other guests.

''Why not use one of my little vacuum jars?  Then you could easily extract her
tit, pull it right out, nicely swollen for our enjoyment.'  Greta walked over to
Karen, who looked at her tearfully.  'What do you think my dear?  After all, its
your tit we're talking about.  What shall we do.  Use my little machine to suck
it out of that tight little suit or shall we let Agnes pull it out the hard
way.'

She walked to stand besides Agnes.  'Well, what is it to be.  Suck it out or tug
it out with Agnes' fingers?'

Karen had no real idea what to say.  What she did know was that she truly did
think that she could not stand any more of Agnes puling and yanking her tit from
the tight confines of the latex suit.  Her problem was that she was not really
sure just what sort of device, what sort of jar, Greta really meant.
She didn't really know but, at least, it seemed to her a better alternative than
Agnes' cruelly pinching fingers.

'Mistress, please, may I ask you what the jar does.  What does it do to my tit?'

'Very simple my dear.  It's only a nice harmless glass jar, with no bottom on
it, that fits nicely over your tit.  All we do is connect a little vacuum
machine to the other end and switch on.  After that it's all rather scientific I
guess.  We suck the air out, and because good old Mother Nature abhors a vacuum,
or so my old teachers told me, something has to replace it.  Something, for
example, like your tit.'  Agnes smiled as Greta spoke, silently approving. 'So? 
Your tit.  Your choice.  What is it to be?'

'The machine please Mistress.  It won't hurt my nipple will it?'

'Of course not my dear.  Well, not much anyway.  Just think what it feels like
when someone sucks your nipples.'  She smiled.  'Now, I'm sure you like that.
You do like your nipples sucked?'  Greta knew the answer to that already.

'Yes Mistress!'

'Good, then the vacuum it is.  It's almost the same but I guess it can suck a
but harder, a bit longer, than most folk.  Haven't we all longed for that!
Agnes, you can get started on her other tit.'

'Fine!'  Agnes walked over to fetch the apparatus from a side table, a long
glass, bottomless, jar about four inches in diameter, some lubricant and some
rubber tubing.  Standing in front of Karen she smeared some lubricating jelly
over the broad rim and placed the jar firmly over her entrapped left breast.
'There, that didn't hurt did it?'

Karen felt the coldness of the lubricant and shivered.  'No Miss.'

'Good, now all we have to do is this.'  Agnes pushed the rubber tube onto a tap
at the other end of the jar.  'Greta my deer, will you switch on pleas, Ill just
hold this in place until it begins to suck.'

Greta moved over to the side of the dungeon and threw a switch. A low humming,
pulsing, noise echoed around and the pump started work and Agnes opened the tap. 
Within moments Karen could feel a slight tension in her left tit, and slight
pressure as the jar was pulled firmly against her rib cage.

'That's it, its beginning to suck now.'  Agnes released the jar, which now held
itself firmly against Karen's chest.  'Lets see how it grows shall we?'

The pumping continued and slowly, steadily, as the internal pressure was
reduced, Karen's tit began to extrude into the jar, the sides of it whitened as
it pressed against the hard surface, and the center slightly red as it bulged
outwards.

Karen scarcely dared to breathe as the sensation grew.  A strange, almost
pleasurable sensation as she felt her breast ease itself from under the latex
constraint, as she felt it swell outwards into the vacuum as it eagerly tugged
at the soft flesh.  Karen felt a little surge of relief.  Her breast had been
fully extracted from the suit more quickly, more easily than by Agnes' cruel
fingers and the pain was barely present.  Surely she had made the right
decision.

Now that her breast was fully extracted, pressing against and into the glass
receptacle, Karen thought that her ordeal was over.  She looked pleadingly at
Agnes.

'Problem my dear?'  Agnes smiled cynically.

'Have you finished with me now Miss?'  Karen was beginning to sense that the
suction was going to continue for some time.  'Please!'

'Not much longer my dear, not much longer.  All we want to do now is see how far
your nipple will expand.'

Karen paled at the thought and looked down at her bulging glass covered breast. 
Surely it would not, could not, expand any further.  Even as she watched she
could see, as well as feel, her nipple expand and swell.  The sensation was
strange at first, odd almost.  She couldn't quite explain to herself just what
it felt like.  Then the realisation dawned.  It was exactly like being sucked,
being sucked by a lover who, not content with working solely on the teat, tried
to suck the whole nipple and surrounding areola .

The sensation was, incredibly, pleasurable.

Agnes was satisfied at last with the effect and, asking Greta to switch the pump
off.  For long, interminable minutes she allowed the jar to maintain its
enveloping suction before she opened the tap and allowed air to enter the
container.  At last, she removed the jar from Karen's freshly expanded breast.

The cool air on the surface, on the expanded and extended nipple, was welcome
as, at last Karen could sense both breasts free of constraint, bulging proudly
through the holes in the latex suit.

Greta clapped her hands.  'Well done!  An excellent performance.  And such
nicely swollen tits too.  I suggest we all feel and enjoy them for ourselves.'

Karen looked startled, but aware of her status in this place, stood still as she
felt hands exploring, feeling, hefting, pulling her breasts.  Pulling them
together, singly and alternately.  Squeezing.  Pinching.  There seemed no end to
the sensations as soft hands were replaced by hard hands.  Soft strokes replaced
by slaps and tugs.

'Enough!'  Greta was satisfied with her treatment, her humiliation.  'Agnes my
dear, I know you've some more ideas to amuse us, and you can be sure that Karen
will be happy to assist you.  Won't you my dear?'  Greta emphasised her request
by turning to Karen and pulling her nipples towards each other, almost making
them rub together.  Almost, but not quite.  Not yet.

'If it pleases you, Mistress.  Anything that pleases you Mistress.'  Karen was
still recovering from the mauling but was wary of what may be planned for her.

'Of course it pleases me!  Now, everyone, may I suggest that Lucy shows us this
new device that she and Mike have designed.'

'Of course, I need a little rest anyway.'  Agnes sat down, crossing her arms
under her full breasts.

Settled comfortably, her heavy breasts resting on her forearms, she casually
began to caress her own modest nipples.  At least, she thought, they are so
sensitive, so erotic, so, so... so orgasmic.

Agnes continued caressing her nipples, stroking her enlarged areolae, her eyes
closed,  as Lucy walked over to Mike to discuss the next stage of the evenings
entertainment.





End of Part 29


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 30 - Spectators


Karen stood quietly on the stage, hands clasped behind her back, as the 
guests settled comfortably, drinking and talking.  She looked around 
cautiously and saw how Lisa and Ken had both resumed their duties, but, now 
that they were in the dungeon, they were naked once more.  Andy was still 
bent helplessly, unable to lift his head more than a few inches as he was 
held firmly in the stocks, waiting nervously for whatever had been planned 
for him.

When she heard how Andy had apparently abused his position in the Directors 
office, Karen had been shocked, his behaviour was, by her own experience, 
quite out of character.  However, if Greta knew about it, she must have been 
informed by Karl directly, because, as far as she was aware, she had never 
had cause to talk to Jeff except when he visited her parties.  She thought 
that, sadly, whatever the truth of the matter, Andy was due for some harsh 
treatment before this weekend was over.  She knew that, if it had been her 
that had been abused like the poor Alix, she would have felt particularly 
vengeful.  Sexual games, torments and humiliations were fine by her, but 
only within certain rules.  During her adult life she had tried, 
experimented with, most variations on the age old theme but one golden rule 
she had never broken.  Never, at work or in the office, mix business with 
pleasure.  Out of hours, then ,fine.  Anything was possible, but otherwise, 
well, she thought, everyone has some personal standards to uphold.  Despite 
her position, Karen laughed quietly.  Here she was, standing before a group 
of highly sexed, some might say perverted, inventive people who enjoyed 
their pleasures and tastes to the full. Standing clad in a latex suit with 
her breasts bulging grotesquely in front of her and her pussy exposed.  Who 
was she to think of standards?  Life was strange at times!

Her reverie was broken as she heard voices, people entering the dungeon.  
Lucy and Mike were in animated discussion as they carried a long metal frame 
between them.

'Is this it then?' Greta turned to the newcomers.  'What is it, exactly?'

'Easy, this is simply a frame that we can hang from any suitable overhead 
fixture, and you've got plenty here, then we suspend our chosen victim from 
it.  We can position the victim in any way we like, because we use lengths 
of chain from the loops on the suit and slip them over these hooks on here.' 
  Mike was rather proud of his device.  'You see, by using chain like that, 
we can adjust the exact position to within an inch.  See how clever it is, 
it supports their body and arms without causing any damage to their back or 
their joints, but it allows us to spread and arrange their arms and legs as 
we like.'

'Hmmmm, I see.  Oh yes, of course, it works rather like our own new toy, 
over there.'  Greta pointed at the metal structure, the adjustable frame, 
the subject of Karen's bizarre homage, before the unfortunate Lisa was 
finally strapped to it.

'Of course, our frame is not so versatile as yours.  But, really, all ours 
is intended to do is to make suspension games so much easier.'  Lucy was 
happy to explain the difference.  'Mind you, I suspect that Marie may have 
someone in mind to try your thing over there.'  She smiled over at Marie, 
who in turn gently patted Alix on the head.

'Thank you for that, I'm sure she will appreciate your suggestion later on!' 
  Alix kept her head bowed in ignorance of the plans for her future.

'Yes, patience everybody.'  Greta held her hand up.  'Now, we have plenty of 
time before we go and rest, so let's have some more entertainment .  Then, 
afterwards, the slaves can just be left down here.  My own little menagerie 
have their own quarters down here anyway, not that I want them to share with 
anyone else..'  She smiled across at Karen. 'We wouldn't want anyone to get 
into any mischief would we?'

'Mischief, whatever could you mean?'  For the first time Wendy, looking at 
her husband beside her, smiled.

'True, true indeed.'  Mike responded.  'I just wonder about our own little 
offering.  Where shall we put it?'

'Now, let me see.'  Greta frowned and counted on her fingers.  'My four are 
already accounted for.  That leaves Allan and Joy, unless you want to look 
after them.'  She looked across at Dave and Lucy.

'Fine by us, they can sleep on the floor, always handy in case we think of a 
use for them.'  Dave looked at Lucy.  'You agree?'

'Of course.  I suppose our usual fun will do for them.'  The way that they 
used and abused the hapless couple in their own home was well known to the 
group, and, in any case, it was likely to involve them being bound hand and 
foot and left on either side of the bed while Dave and Lucy enjoyed some 
energetic, but relatively normal, sex.  Interesting, but not compelling, and 
not really a spectator sport.

'Good.  Now, Marie, what about your little pet?'

'Her?  Have you still got that old kennel down here somewhere?'  Marie 
recalled the large custom built box, large enough to allow the occupant to 
lie, albeit curled up, but not large enough to stand or stretch. 'That would 
be the ideal place for her, she likes being alone in the dark.'  Marie 
winked at Greta, who was well aware of the way that Alix had rebelled 
against her treatment when she had first been taken in by Jeff and Marie.  
The fact that they had brought her here tightly helmeted had served a double 
purpose, both to humiliate and isolate her and to remind her of her new 
status.  Her status as a possession, to be treasured as necessary, but to be 
kept safe and secure at all times.

'Well, that's it then.  Ken will prepare the kennel now,' Greta gestured to 
Ken across the room, ' and then you can use it whenever you wish.  Now all 
we have to take care of is the two packages.'

Agnes was still sitting, eyes closed, her fingers continuing to caress her 
nipples.  Ron looked at her and shrugged.  'No worries, Greta, she's kind 
out of it right now, but yes, our little package.  Where is it at the moment 
did you say?'

'In one of our holding cells, still in its wrapping of course.  It is quite 
safe, the door is locked.  Is that satisfactory for you?'

'Oh yes, we'll check later, but a few more hours will do no harm.  In any 
case, I know that Agnes would not object if some small damage did occur.  
You know she is, shall we say, a little lacking in compassion and care at 
times.'  Ron smiled broadly, looking at his wife, still apparently unaware 
of the conversation flowing around her.

'Hmmmm, a little lacking in compassion?  I like that!'  Greta looked across 
at Karen still waiting to be instructed, to be used.  'I think slave Karen 
would agree with you there.'

A ripple of laughter ran round the room.

'So, it's down to you now, Wendy, Mike.  What about your package?'

They looked at each other and shrugged.  'No problem really, no problem at 
all.  We will unwrap it of course, because it is best kept in a cool place.  
Is that cell cool do you think?'  Wendy spoke for both of them.

Karl spoke up, before Greta could answer.  'Are you casting doubt on my 
accommodation here!'  He smiled as he spoke.  ' You know that we can do 
whatever you wish.  Cool?  How cool?  Summer?  Fall? .Winter?  Your choice.'

'Well, there's temptation for you.  No, not too severe.  If we keep it 
unwrapped then let's say, late fall will be fine.'  Mike shrugged his 
shoulders again.  'Why waste energy when its not necessary?'

'Always thinking of the environment, my Mike!'  Wendy laughed at him.  
'Quite the ecologist isn't he?'

'Well, I do like some re-cycling you know, and I save on packaging too.'

'Yes, yes, yes.  We get the idea, and I'm sure all will become obvious later 
when you show us your present, packaged or unpackaged.'  Greta stood up and 
walked over to Karen.

'Any other comments anybody?  Then we'll get started again.'

'Just a moment, if I may '  Margo spoke from her discreet place behind the 
guests.  'I can sleep anywhere as you know, but..'

Greta interrupted her.  'My dear, I do apologise, of course you can stay, 
and use one of our guest rooms.  Not a problem.  Was that it?'

'Well no, actually. When you mentioned the kennel I had an idea.  I wonder 
if I could have a little word with you in private.'  Margo looked around the 
guests.  'Nothing personal you understand, it's just, well, you know, I 
think I should be discreet.'  She looked across at the wretched Andy still 
standing, head bent, in the stocks, and looking more and more uncomfortable.

'Of course, I'll come over there to you.'  Greta realised that, whatever it 
was that Margo wanted to suggest, it was likely to affect one, or perhaps 
more, of the slaves within ear-shot.



Karen had listened to the conversation around her without it really 
registering in her mind.  Standing in her latex skin, with the exposed parts 
of her body feeling noticeably cooler than where the insulating latex 
covered her, she was pondering her fate.  She looked across to the side of 
the room, the dungeon, she corrected herself, at Greta and Margo in animated 
conversation.  Whatever it was that Margo was saying was obviously appealing 
to Greta, who, nodding and smiling, called Marie and Lucy across to join 
them.

Finally, after more discussion the group split up, as the others returned to 
their seats, Greta walked over to stand by Karen.

'Now, my dear, it's back to you.'  She casually fondled each of Karen's 
breasts, still provocatively bulging out of the latex, her nipples still 
standing firm.  'I think we all agree you need a little rest, get the weight 
off your feet.'

'Whatever pleases you Mistress.'  Karen was relieved to hear that she was to 
have a rest, but what sort of rest she could not imagine.

'Will you just lie face down on the floor then and let Mike and Lucy attach 
you to their little frame.  It won't hurt a bit.'

Karen lay down, acutely conscious of the pressure on her breasts, as Mike 
attached the frame to some overhead ropes and lowered it into position over 
her.  Lucy looked around at the placement and nodded to Mike, who came over 
to her with a number of lengths of light chain in his hands.

'Now, I suggest we fix her body first and then her arms before we raise her 
into the air.'  Lucy took some chains from Mike and began to hook one end of 
each onto the row of loops sewn along the side of Karen's suit while Mike 
repeated the process on the other side.  Satisfied with the arrangements he 
lowered the frame slightly and began to hook the chains over the 
corresponding points along the main part of the frame.  Lucy watched him and 
made sure that each of her chains matched in position and length.

A quick check and then they did the same to each of Karen's arms.

'Looks good to me.'  Mike stood back and admired their handiwork.  'Let's 
lift her up a little now shall we?'

The frame was slowly raised into the air, keeping Karen's body and arms 
horizontal, but her legs were left free.  The frame was stopped when Karen's 
knees were still resting on the floor, so that she was effectively supported 
in a kneeling position.

'Nice!'  Mike looked across at Lucy.  'I think that's just right so let's 
fix her legs, shall we?'

Lucy nodded and began to fix several chains to Karen's lower leg as Mike 
mirrored her actions on the other leg.  Carefully adjusting the length they 
hooked these chains onto the frame.

'Go for it!'  Lucy stood back as Mike operated the hoist.

Slowly Karen was raised into the air suspended from the chains.  Her arms 
and body remained horizontal and her legs supported as if she were kneeling. 
  Her bare feet were hanging free and her toes were no more than six or 
seven inches off the floor.

'What do think of that then Greta?'  Mike walked over towards her.

'Well, even if I say so myself, it really is very good, very good indeed.'  
Greta looked on approvingly.  'Can you adjust her position now she's up 
there?'

'Of course!  We can't alter it relative to the frame, of course, without 
unhooking and moving the chains, but the basic position is easy to move.  
It's quite easy, all of her body weight is taken by the main suspension as 
you can see.  Lucy, will you just move her arms for us?  You see, the chains 
fixed there only really take the weight of her arms, there is no tension in 
her joints.  I suppose you could say it's like being in water.  After all 
she's wearing a waterproof suit isn't she?'

Lucy loosened a couple of joints and then moved Karen's arms from the 
straight forward position until they were held out at right angles to her 
shoulders.  'Do you want to adjust her legs at all?'

'Yes, I think we should, don't you?'

Lucy nodded.  As they had arranged Karen she was suspended in a kneeling 
position with her knees actually  touching.  She loosened some more joints 
in the frame and moved Karen's legs.  'Like that?  What do you think?'  She 
looked across at Mike who came over to inspect the arrangement more closely.

'Wider I think, wider.'  As he spoke he moved between Karen's legs.  'Hmmm, 
you see the possibilities now?' He smiled at Greta.

'Oh yes, oh yes indeed.'  Greta's mind was working overtime as she looked at 
her husband.  'Karl my dear, I know you are rather taken with having your 
women in that sort of position, kneeling, open and ready.  At least, I seem 
to recall, you enjoyed Karen like that when she first came to us.'  She 
laughed and turned to Mike.  'Yes, I know he'll like it, his favorite 
position and no need to kneel himself.  He always complains that it makes 
his knees hurt!'

Karl looked mildly embarrassed as he, too, weighed up the possibilities of 
having a woman in this position, with her height from the floor being easily 
adjusted for maximum convenience.  His convenience!.

'Well now, I suggest that we make use of her in that position.'  Greta broke 
the silence.  'I know Karl would love to take advantage of her, again.  But, 
as he's already indulged himself, and as he'll have lot's of opportunity 
later, I suggest that we let Mike try it out first.  Of course, that is, if 
you don't object Wendy?'

'Oh no, why should I?  I'll get my share later.  He always puts such a lot 
of effort into things.'  Wendy smiled at her husband, who flushed with 
embarrassment, and gratitude. 'Oh, his frame, I mean!'

The calls across the dungeon had finally disturbed Agnes who, satisfied with 
her extended nipple play, had looked longingly at Karen suspended in 
mid-air, especially at her heavy tits, bulging through the latex and hanging 
down with erect nipples pointing proudly at the floor below.

'Can I have another play first?'  She looked at Greta.  'Perhaps I can put 
her in the mood for a man!'

'Of course, my dear, of course.  You've managed to present her, shall we 
say, finer points, very well so far.  Go ahead and show us your skills 
again.'

Karen had listened to the conversation with a sense of terror.  She had 
already endured some intense pain in her breasts and nipples from Agnes' 
earlier efforts and now, hanging so exposed, she felt even more vulnerable 
and helpless.

'Come now, my dear, nothing to worry about.'  Agnes walked over and stood to 
one side as she began to caress Karen's dangling left breast.  'What a 
divine tit you have my dear, so heavy, so smooth and s-o-o-o-o-o sensitive.  
Do you agree?'

'Y-y-yes Miss, I suppose so, if you say so Miss.'   Karen was wary of 
committing herself in any way.

'Come now,' Agnes pulled the rubbery left nipple hard, 'do tell us about 
your tits.  I'm sure we would all like to hear what you have to say.'

'Miss?' Karen was confused, but another tweak on her sore nipple helped her 
focus her thoughts.  'Miss, my tits are so sensitive, I like... I want you 
to play with them and to hurt them, it makes me so wet when you do.'

'There, you see, that wasn't hard was it?'  Agnes smiled as she saw Mike 
undressing.  'Only some things are hard for you I suppose.'

'Yes Miss.'



Agnes looked as Mike, naked and with a firm erection, stood behind Karen, 
her exposed pussy at chest height to him.  She looked and motioned him to be 
patient.  'Look  my dear, what a lovely shape your hanging tits are.  You 
know, they do tempt me, they tempt me to try and milk them, like this.'  
With that Agnes reached under Karen and wrapped both hands around her left 
tit and squeezed and pulled it down towards the pointing nipple.  'Just like 
this'

Karen winced at the pressure and the tension in her sensitive skin.

'Perhaps a little lubrication is needed.' Agnes looked at Greta.  'Any 
ideas?'

'Well, whatever you like.  Just try some of this if you want to, it does 
have an interesting effect!.'  She threw a large tube of menthol toothpaste 
across.

'Just right for this job!'  Agnes smeared a generous handful on each tit and 
began to pull them downwards in turn in a milking motion, increasing her 
pressure as Karen moaned softly.  As Agnes continued kneading, rubbing the 
red, blue and white paste into each tit, Karen began to feel the initial 
stinging sensation.  Not severe, but she was nevertheless aware of the 
coolness against her heated skin as the air around her counteracted the 
initial sensation.  As the paste was rubbed and teased into each nipple, the 
more sensitive flesh reacted and began to sting and then burn slightly.  
Karen moaned, more loudly, menthol freshness in the mouth was one thing, 
but, applied generously to each nipple was an altogether different 
sensation.  Different.  Almost pleasurable.  No, definitely pleasurable, as 
she became accustomed to the sensation.

Despite herself, despite the discomfort, she could feel herself becoming 
aroused again, feel her labia becoming wet and engorged once more.  Mike 
could see the signs of increasing slickness and signalled Lucy to adjust the 
frame until Karen's wetness was at the right height for him.

Agnes could see him positioning himself and, to try and aid his entry, she 
pulled Karen's tits forward pulling her body away from Mike's cock, as he 
held it horizontal and ready for entry.

Once he was lined up, he nodded to Agnes who released Karen's tits allowing 
the frame swing back towards Mike.

'Ahhhhhhhhh!  Noooooooooo!'  Karen was, until the moment his swollen glans 
touched the wet entry to her waiting cunt, had been unaware of his presence, 
his closeness.  Agnes smiled and pushed Karen by her shoulders hard against 
the waiting Mike.

Feeling her steadily enveloping warmth around his cock he smiled at Agnes 
and began to slowly pump into the heavily lubricated tunnel.  Slowly, 
steadily, he continued to fuck her as Agnes continued working on Karen's 
sore tits.  Karen had closed her eyes, clearly enjoying the sensation.  The 
sensation of being slowly fucked as she was suspended and mounted 
comfortably on a rigid cock.



Meanwhile, Margo and Marie had left their seats and released Andy from his 
increasingly uncomfortable position in the stocks, before they led him 
towards one corner, out of sight of Karen, who, in the throes of pleasure, 
was past caring about anyone, anything, else.

Their work finished, Marie called over to the waiting Alix, still kneeling 
and head bowed.  'Come over here, my dear, I have a job for you.'

Alix, staring wide eyed at the sight, and ignoring the steady motion as 
Karen swung slightly in reaction to Mikes thrusts, walked over to her 
Mistress.

Marie was holding what appeared to be a dog collar and lead in her hand as 
Andy balanced beside her.  He was still stark naked, which didn't surprise 
Alix, but each limb was bound tightly.  Bound in such a way that he was 
actually on all fours, resting his weight on his elbows and knees.  As Alix 
reached Marie she saw Margo straighten up from adjusting the straps, around 
mid-thigh and mid-calf, holding his legs neatly folded.  His lower arms had 
already been firmly strapped to his upper arms and, as far as she cold see, 
there was no way for Andy to walk other than on all fours.

Margo walked in front of the helpless Andy, strapped on the canvas hood that 
he had worn previously, and nodded at Marie.

'Here, my dear, take the doggie for a walk!'  Marie handed the lead to Alix, 
patted Andy on the head and bent down whispering in his ear:  'Walkies!'  
Alix slowly walked him across the floor, giving him time to find his balance 
in his constricted posture.



Across the floor Mike was reaching his climax, as his thrusts increased, 
making Karen swing further in the frame.  Finally he spouted his hot, thick 
cum deep inside her, managing to complete his orgasm in almost complete 
silence, leaving Karen still unfulfilled.

She hung here moaning softly in her frustration as Mike withdrew his rapidly 
shrinking cock.  Agnes, taking pity on Karen's' frustration walked around 
her, her own heavy breasts jiggling as she walked and stroked Karen's naked 
back, coated in a film of perspiration.

'There my dear, need a little help do we?'  Agnes stood directly in front of 
Karen's bowed head.

'Miss, yes please Miss.'  Karen looked up as best she could from her 
position, up towards Agnes' breasts, almost level with her mouth.  'Please 
Miss....mmmmmmmmppppppppffffffff'

Agnes pulled Karen by her upper arms and buried a heavy tit into her face.  
'Lick that my dear, suck it and I may just help you to cum!'

As she continued to hold Karen's eager mouth against herself, against each 
nipple in turn, as Karen licked and attempted to force the tiny buds into 
erection, she could see Alix leading Andy awkwardly across the floor towards 
them.



Marie walked briskly across to catch up with her naked pet.  'Alix, Alix, 
let the poor doggie lick something nice, he's such a good boy!'

Andy, extremely uncomfortable in his constricted posture, could do nothing 
to conceal his embarrassment at being paraded by the young, former target of 
his abuse.



Alix quickly understood what Marie was suggesting and, tugging his lead, led 
him towards Karen's dangling bare feet.

'Here doggie, lick, there's a good boy, lick the nice feet.'

Andy, unable to resist, lifted his head and began licking the naked soles.  
Karen shuddered, partly from the unexpected contact and partly from 
pleasure, as she continued laving Agnes' areolae and tiny buds.



Agnes had closed her eyes as Karen slowly brought her to another gentle 
orgasm, an orgasm derived from her super-sensitive nipples.  Finally, taking 
pity on Karen, in her increasing frustration, she reached under her, and 
with surprising tenderness, began teasing and gently pinching the firmly 
erect nipples.

Karen, unable to prevent herself, stimulated by having her bare feet, her 
bare soles, continually licked, in turn, from toes to heels, from heels to 
toes and by the insistent tormenting of her nipples finally gasped and 
moaned, finding release in her own orgasm.

'Ahhhhhhh! Th-thank you Miss, thank you!'

Agnes pulled her sweating breasts away from Karen's questing tongue and 
released her grip on her extended nipples, and walked unsteadily back to her 
seat, smiling faintly at Greta and the other onlookers.



'Well done Mike, I'm sure she enjoyed that, and I'm sure she enjoyed Agnes' 
little games.'  Lucy walked across to the naked Alix, and took Andy's lead 
before unclipping it, as he continued to lick Karen's' bare feet.  'Thank 
you, my dear, would you just go and stand over there?'

Alix walked to stand near Marie and waited for further commands.

Lucy bent down and looked closely at Andy.  'Well done, little doggie, well 
done.  Now you may, perhaps, soon have your reward.  It looks as if you are 
quite ready.'

Margo, standing in the corner, smiled happily, fully aware that Andy had 
been visibly aroused by his actions





End of Part 30


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 31 - Reward


Lucy bent over and inspected Andy's erection, firm once more as he reacted 
to the pleasure of licking bare feet.  He no longer felt embarrassed about 
his reactions, after all, he could hardly deny his secret pleasure after his 
earlier performances.

As he slowly licked Karen's bare soles, Lucy knelt beside him and watched 
closely.  As his tongue reached and began to lick the smooth high arched 
instep Lucy reached under him to hold his pulsing cock.  She began to stroke 
it.  Andy gasped and continued licking, moving his attention along the sole 
of Karen's foot towards her heel.  As soon as his tongue left the arch, the 
smooth instep, Lucy released his cock and waited.  Andy began licking 
downwards along the outer edge of the bare foot until his tongue reached her 
toes.  As he began to lick under each toe Lucy watched patiently, until, 
finally, he reached Karen's big toe.  He began to lick it lovingly before he 
managed to slip it into his mouth and suck it.  As soon as he fastened his 
lips around the toe, Lucy once more began to slowly stroke his erection.  
She continued slowly stroking until Andy released the toe, glistening with 
his saliva and began to lick the top of her foot.  Lucy once again  released 
his cock.

Lucy looked across at Greta and the group, watching her movements in 
silence.

For several more minutes the whole process was repeated before Lucy tired of 
the attention that Karen was getting.  Picking up the lead she tugged him 
towards Alix, still standing attentively by her Mistress.

'Come on little doggie, you have someone else to attend to now.'  As she 
spoke she tugged harder on Andy's lead making him work his tightly strapped 
limbs harder in an effort to keep up and avoid falling over.

Marie looked at Lucy and realised that she could make her task easier, and 
more entertaining, for the group.  'Alix!', she spoke sharply, 'squat on the 
floor and sit cross legged.  Now!'

Alix complied happily, glad to ease her tired knees, to take the weight off 
her feet and rest a little at long last.  She arranged herself comfortably, 
so that, with her legs crossed her bare feet were resting on their outer 
edges, the toes and soles more accessible.

'That will do my dear, you learn quickly!'  Lucy raised an eyebrow at Marie. 
  'I see that you've done a good job of training already.'

'I like to think so.'  Marie flushed with pleasure at the praise.  'Mind 
you, there is still much for her to learn.  I just envy Greta her skills 
with her new slave.'

'Lick here, doggie.'  Lucy pushed Andy's masked head at Alix' bare foot and 
once again watched as his tongue worked it's way along the bare sole and 
between each toe.  Again, as she had done when he was licking Karen's feet, 
every time his tongue touched the high arched sole, or when he sucked the 
big toe, she stroked his erection gently.

Lucy continued her efforts for some ten minutes before she pulled Andy's 
head away and led him over to stand, on all fours, at the far side of the 
dungeon.

Leaving him there she walked back and, as she passed Karen, still suspended 
with her bulging tits pointing downwards she pulled each nipple in turn, as 
hard as she could, making Karen yelp at the sudden pain.  'I think we should 
release her now, strip her and send her to her cell for a shower and rest.  
I'm sure we all have plans for her later.'

'Indeed we have.'  Greta replied, stern faced, watching as Mike lowered the 
frame to set Karen once more onto the floor, compressing her bulging breasts 
painfully.  Quickly, between them they released Karen and helped her to her 
feet.

Karen stood unsteadily and looked at Greta.  'Mistress?'

'You may go with Lisa now, strip and shower.  But be careful with that suit, 
you will be wearing that again.  Don't forget, any damage will paid for, in 
kind, by your sweet round ass!'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress'  Karen walked unsteadily towards Lisa and 
the door leading to their quarters.

'Well, I think that concludes our entertainment for a few hours, but, before 
we go and rest, perhaps Lucy would like to explain her little play with the 
doggie over there.'  Greta watched the parting girls as she spoke, 
fascinated by the sight of Karen's full round ass clad in the shiny latex.

'Of course!'  Lucy spoke quietly so that Andy, alone of those in room, could 
not hear what was being said.  'It's all part of my training for him, just 
as Margo requested in fact.'

Margo blushed at the unaccustomed attention.

'You see, as those two over there already know,' she looked at Allan and 
Joy, ' my training methods are pretty effective.  Well, effective, if not 
always pretty.' She smiled at her attempt at humor.  'My plan is quite 
simple.  I am going to condition him so that the only time he can get fully  
aroused in the company of a female is after, and only after, he has licked 
just that part of her bare soles, and after he has sucked each big toe.  
Cunning, eh?'

Marie nodded uncertainly, as Agnes and Wendy smiled at each other.

'What a sweet humiliation for it, er, for him.'  Wendy voiced the views of 
everyone, except, perhaps, Allan and Joy.

'Yes, I think he's a quick learner, so, after we give him a rest, we won't 
need to doggify him at all, he'll be so desperate to pleasure himself with a 
woman that he'll do just what he's been trained to do.  Well, almost!'  Lucy 
smiled mysteriously.  'Mind you, if anyone likes the idea, we always get him 
back on all fours for our own amusement.  To be honest, I rather like the 
idea, makes him realise his true station in life!'

'Uh-uh!' Mike glanced at Ron, raising his eyebrows quizzically.  'And what 
does that mean?'

'Well, you'll see soon enough, but it'll involve Marie's little pet for 
certain.'

Karl finally spoke.  'Now, look here, as the host I demand that you spell it 
out, otherwise I'll be awake all night wondering.'

'You'll be awake all night anyway my dear, and you won't be wondering, 
lover!'  Greta laughed loudly.

'OK then.  Basically it's as I said, no satisfying arousal without foot 
worship, and only a certain kind of worship.  Then, once he's aroused we 
offer someone like Alix, or perhaps Lisa, to him and tempt him to try and 
fuck them.  Of course he will not be allowed that pleasure.  I'll stop him 
in any painful way that pleases me, or any of you, of course.  Then we'll 
return to toes and stuff, and get him aroused again, which will be easy with 
him for sure.'  Lucy looked at Margo. 'Then we'll offer him the chance to 
fuck Margo, and, this time, we'll let him.  In fact we'll insist!'

Margo nodded happily.

'Of course, she has a certain, shall we say, skill, in these matters.  A 
skill that men always find quite irresistible.'  Lucy acknowledged the fact 
that she and the others were well aware of her muscular expertise.  'You 
see, after he's aroused, and after he's allowed his little pleasure, that 
is, his controlled amount of pleasure,  we start all over again.  After a 
few sessions like that, he'll realise how he's expected to perform, and of 
course he will soon appreciate that he has to have the right kind of woman 
to fuck.  Or should that be, the right kid of cunt?  Nice idea isn't it?'  
She looked around for approval.

After a short silence Greta spoke. 'I think we all agree with your idea.  
Now, as I understand it, you are going to condition him so that first of all 
he will never get properly aroused with a woman again, unless he has licked 
her bare feet, sorry, bare soles, and sucked her toes. 'Greta looked as Lucy 
nodded in agreement.  'Fine, and then, what is the plan exactly?'

'Well, he's a man, so he will be desperate to fuck anything, anyone, once 
he's aroused.  So, we encourage him but only let him use Margo, and she is 
more than willing!'  Lucy laughed out loud as she saw Margo blush bright 
red.  'You see, what we'll do is finally let him fuck, or attempt to fuck 
any of our little sluts here, but as none of them have Margo's special 
skills he will find that there is no real pleasure for him, so he'll fail.  
Never worry,  he'll always perform with Margo, or anyone else with  her 
special skills.'

'Hmmmm!  I have an idea.'  Greta mused.  'I think I'll train slave Karen.  
I'm sure Margo would be willing to pass on her experience.  Would you mind 
that, my dear?'

'Willingly!'  Margo was pleased to be asked.  To be involved in slut 
training after her years of submission was praise indeed.  'I can do that 
anytime you like.  Of course I would like  you to be present and to 
supervise things.'

'Quite so!'  Greta acknowledged Margo's offer before she turned to Lucy.  
'So, Lucy, do we deny him all other pleasures?'

'Well, I can see no reason why not.  Does everyone agree?'

'Ah, I see a snag here.'  Karl spoke for all the males in the room.  'What's 
to stop him masturbating to pleasure himself.?'

Greta spoke out.  'No problem! Especially when we encourage him to perform 
in front of us.  I know he loves shoes, we've seen him perform earlier 
anyway as you know, and, more importantly I know, I know for certain, that 
when he's in his cage he loves to lick a pair of heels while he 
masturbates.'  She looked over at Andy cowering in the corner and called 
across to him. 'You love to lick high heels while you masturbate don't you?'

'Yes Mistress.'  Andy replied miserably, almost in tears with his 
embarrassment.

'Yes what?'

'Mistress. I love high heels, I love to play with my cock while I lick them 
and then make myself cum. Mistress, I worship ladies shoes!'

'There you are, not too hard was it?'

Greta turned back to Lucy.  'So, you see, with your foot training and 
Margo's special skills, combined with his own admission, we really have 
ourselves a nice new submissive.  Someone who will entertain us for hours.  
Entertain anyone we choose, in fact.'

'Of course!  And, with your permission, I'll continue his training tomorrow. 
  Has he any other special skills?'  Lucy was intrigued at the 
possibilities, she had never had the opportunity to develop such special 
skills in a male slave before, more humiliating even, than all the things 
she had inflicted on Allan.

'Nothing much,' Karl broke into the conversation.  'There is just one small 
thing.  He loves to be dressed as a woman. Of course then we have to call 
him slave Andrea.  Perhaps you would like to see him perform later, he can 
always serve at table and leave our lovely Lisa free for other special 
pleasures.'  He smiled.  'Ours, of course, not hers!'



Unaware of the conversation taking place behind them, Karen and Lisa had 
made their way back to Karen's cell.  As they walked down the corridor it 
was apparent that both of their doors had been left open and the screen 
between the two rooms had been raised.

'Hmmmmm!  I like the look of this.'  Lisa sighed happily.  'It looks like 
Mistress is going to allow us to share a cell again.'

'Yes, yes, yesssss!' Karen was overjoyed at the thought.  Throughout her 
ordeal at the hands of Agnes she had kept her mind focused on the thought of 
having Lisa to comfort her, to speak to her and to caress her.

Lisa looked at Karen, standing barefoot in the tightly fitting latex suit, 
admiring the way that her smoothly shaven mound was revealed and, 
especially, the way that her tits were bulging through the small holes.

'Will you help me take it off please.'  Karen was beginning to feel 
uncomfortable in the tight fitting, unyielding, garment, despite her earlier 
arousal.

'Well now, perhaps not!'  Lisa smiled mischievously.  'You know, I rather 
like the way it displays your, shall we say, your finer points.  Let me have 
a little play first.  Just stand still and pretend that you're my personal 
slave.'

Karen smiled nervously, but despite herself felt a thrill of pleasure run 
through her at the thought of submitting to Lisa, of pleasing Lisa.  'Well, 
I'm not sure...'  she made a pretence of objecting, '...perhaps I don't want 
to be your slave.  After all I already have one Mistress, and what would she 
think if she knew I was being used without her permission?'

'Nonsense!  Why do you think she let us come back here on our own?'  Lisa 
was adamant.  'Stand still and let me explore.'

After her show of token resistance Karen stood wide legged as Lisa circled 
her latex covered curves.  She stood behind her and gently ran her hands 
over and around the bulging ass cheeks making Karen draw breath sharply.

'Oooooh!  Nice!  I like that!'  Karen found the sensation incredibly 
pleasurable as Lisa slowly stroked her thinly covered cheeks before she 
slowly eased her hands round towards the inviting mound.

'Like this then, do you?'  Lisa gently inserted her fingers into Karen's 
slit, gently teasing her inner labia apart so that she could gently caress 
the hardening clitoris.

'Oh my god, yes!'

'I thought so!  You are so wet, you know, and a bit sticky.'  Lisa gently 
kissed Karen's neck.  'I think there is still some of Mikes cum inside you.' 
  As she spoke she tried to insert another finger, feeling the unmistakable 
smoother fluid of semen, slightly less oily than the natural secretions of a 
woman.

'Like the feeling do you?'  Karen asked suspiciously.  'Perhaps you are like 
Allan out there, he seemed to like the feeling of someone else's cum.  
Well?'

Lisa, out of sight behind Karen, blushed.  'Er, well, no, I mean yes, er, I 
have to be honest with you.  I do like to feel your juices as you know, and 
taste them, but sometimes the feeling of some man's cum makes it even more 
exciting.'  She withdrew her fingers and, putting them to her mouth, began 
to lick them appreciatively.

'OK.  I don't mind you know, and I think I might like that too, after you've 
been fucked.  Perhaps some time, some time soon, we'll find out.'  Karen 
smiled over her shoulder at Lisa.  'But, please, please help me out of this 
thing.  I feel all sweaty and, you know, I really do need a shower.  Undo 
the zip for me and you can wash me if you like.'

Lisa kissed and licked behind Karen's ears, one after the other, as she 
moved her hands up to caress the bulging tits with their expanded nipples.  
'You know, the way this suit holds your tits is so good.  I can see why the 
Mistress and the others were so fascinated.  These do feel so good.'  As she 
spoke she began to squeeze and lift each tit before her fingers moved slowly 
towards the erect teats.

'Ooooooooooohhhh!'  Karen gasped with pleasure.  Her nipples, always 
responsive to the slightest touch, were still hyper-sensitised after Agnes 
had worked on them while she hung suspended in the dungeon.

'Hmmmm, I think you like that, and this!'  Lisa began kneading Karen's tits 
pulling and squeezing them to focus on her nipples.  'Yes, you do, I can 
tell.'

Karen resisted the temptation to lift her hands and hold Lisa fingers tight 
into her yielding flesh.  'Lisa.  Lisa, would you mind if, er, if...'Karen 
paused, wondering whether to continue,  '..would you let me kneel fist, then 
you could work on my tits like Miss Agnes did.  I know you would be much 
more gentle with me.'

'Haha!  I thought you'd never ask!'  Lisa sensed a small victory.  'Go on 
then, kneel on the bed and let me mi.., er , play with them.'

'Don't be shy, Lisa, my dear, I know what you want, and I want it too.  Tell 
me what you want to do to me, please.'

Lisa decided to take the plunge and take proper charge of Karen, regardless 
of the risk of being found out by Greta.  'Kneel, and let your tits hang 
down.'  She settled herself on the bed beside Karen and placed her hands on 
Karen's right tit.  'Keep still and let me milk you now.  But, you'll have 
to beg for it you know!'

Karen, aroused already by the earlier strokes on her clit and by the 
continued stroking of her nipples, wasted no time in obeying.  'Please, milk 
me milk me and pull my tits now.  Please.'

Lisa happily obliged and began slow, steady, squeezing strokes, pulling each 
tit downwards and letting the rubbery flesh slowly slide through her fingers 
until they reached the nipples.  As soon as she felt Karen's erect nipples 
between her fingers she began teasing them.  Pinching them.  Pulling them.  
Pulling them downwards as far as she could.  Extending them fully.

'Yes, yes, yes!'  Karen could feel the waves of pleasure building up, could 
feel an orgasm beginning.

Lisa continued working on each nipple.  Working on both nipples 
simultaneously.  Pinching.  Pulling.  Extending.

Karen bent her head and looked down at her drooping breasts, at her swollen, 
reddened, nipples.  'Don't stop, don't stop!  Pull them as hard as you can, 
please.  Pull my nipples, tug them as hard as you can, I beg you.'  Karen 
began to pant and gasp, short urgent breaths.  'I'm cumming soo 
soooooooooon!  Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh, yesssssssssss!'

With a final gasp she collapsed on the bed, pushing her swollen tits, her 
elongated nipples, into Lisa's hands.  Lisa smiled happily above her.  She 
bent down and once more kissed Karen's smooth neck, nibbling her ears before 
she lay her head on her shoulders.

'I love you so much!' she murmured as Karen snuggled against her.



After what seemed endless minutes Lisa lifted her head and lifted Karen 
towards her.  'Come my sweet, or should I have said cum?'

'Ha ha ha!  Very funny!'

'Let me undo you and get you out of this thing.  I want to feel your soft 
tits against me while we sleep in each others arms.'

Karen stood dutifully at the side of the bed as Lisa eased the long zip down 
her back, before she began peeling the garment from her shoulders and down 
her arms.  Once her arms were free she gently eased Karen's tits out of the 
constraining holes before she rolled the suit down her body.  Karen stood 
one legged as each limb was eased from the latex, until, finally, she stood 
fully naked once more.

'Stand over there and let me look at you!'

Karen moved away from Lisa and stood wide legged with her hands clasped 
behind her back.  Lisa admired the view of Karen's sweat soaked body, even 
secretly enjoyed the soft aroma of sweat and latex combined with the musky 
juices from Karen's still fully lubricated labia.

'My god!  You are so wonderful, and yes, I do love you!'  Lisa walked across 
and, wrapping her arms around Karen's naked and sweat streaked back, kissed 
her fully and passionately on her open mouth.

They held the kiss for long minutes before Karen pulled away and looked down 
at her heavy breasts.  'What do you think then?  You like?'  She lifted each 
breast as high as she could before she released them and let them fall and 
jiggle for Lisa.

Lisa, fascinated by the reddened rings around the base of each breast, 
released from confinement in the latex, laughed out loud.  'You know I do, I 
love them, I just love your tits so much.  Come into the shower and I'll 
show just how much!'

Karen followed Lisa into the shower and stood happily turning under the hot 
jets, washing the sweat and latex aroma from her flesh, before she submitted 
to Lisa as she applied copious amounts of shower gel all over her eager 
flesh.



While Lisa had been caressing and teasing Karen, the group in the dungeon 
had begun to break up.  Dave and Lucy had released their pets from the wall 
chains.  Heads bowed Allan and Joy followed them, still naked, to their room 
to await whatever torments were planned for them.

Looking back from the doorway, Lucy called across to Greta.  'Would you ask 
slave Ken to release the doggy, perhaps he could sleep on the floor and 
guard the kennel.  Make sure that Marie's little slut comes to no harm!  
Don't forget, though, make sure he's on a lead or something, we don't want 
to ruin his training program after all.'

'I like it!'  Greta smiled broadly.  'Leave it all to me, Ken will do that 
before he beds down himself.  And I personally will fit his lead, a choke 
chain I think, he'll not come near the slut!'

Jeff and Marie watched as Ken wheeled the large kennel into the corner of 
the dungeon and displayed it for their approval.  Marie nodded as he 
demonstrated the space and close fitting door.  'Make sure she is toileted 
properly and then she can go in there.  She'll be very comfortable, perhaps 
too comfortable in fact.  Still, things may change tomorrow.'  She smiled 
evilly at the hapless Alix standing beside her.  'You'll like that I'm 
sure!'

'But, but, please Mistress.'  Alix was hesitant.

'Well, what is it?'

'Must I have the door closed Mistress?'

'Of course you must, if it's not dark you won't be able to sleep will you?'

'But..'

'Shut up!  If it's not closed then you can spend your time wearing your 
leather helmet.  Would you like that?'

'What ever pleases you Mistress.'  Alix bowed her head.  'If, if I may, 
perhaps, perhaps I could be permitted the helmet.'

'Very well, then.  Slave Ken, remove the door and fetch her helmet please.'

Ken made the appropriate adjustments and went to retrieve the hood that had 
been discarded before Andy's public humiliation.

'Come here, bend your head.'  Marie pulled the soft leather over Alix' bowed 
head and proceeded to lace it up as tightly as she could.  'There you are.  
Can you hear me?'

Alix made muffled sounds which Marie interpreted as 'Yes.'

'Can you see anything?'  This time Alix shook her head.

'Excellent, then you can go do what is necessary and then bed down in 
there.'

Alix stumbled blindly, naked apart from her helmet, until Ken grasped her 
arm and led her out towards the bathroom.  Marie waited with her husband 
until she returned and was settled in the kennel before they left, and 
walking hand in hand to their own bedroom.

Ron and Mike walked towards the holding cells to check on their respective 
packages as Greta motioned to Agnes and Wendy to join her.

'My dears, I think we should have a little chat about my plans.  You know 
that Karl and myself are planning a new venture?'

Wendy nodded, 'Yes indeed, from what I understand, it looks quite exciting.  
Can I offer up my little slut for you to experiment with.  I think there 
could be some interesting developments there.'

'Thank you, I agree with you.  We will need several choices for our, shall 
we call them, subscribers?  Let's see how it all develops.'  Greta smiled 
gratefully, and turned to Agnes.  .Now, dear friend, I want to ask a favor, 
if I may.  Or even beg a favor?'

'You?  Begging?  Now that is something I would love to see!'  Agnes laughed 
as she looked first at Greta and then at Karl.  'Go on then, ask away.'

'Well, I'm sure you won't mind.  I really want someone to act as the 
compere, for the lack of a better word.  Someone to, in a manner of 
speaking, meet the public.  I will be working behind the scenes and 
co-ordinating things and someone like you would be ideal for that role.'  
Greta stared intently.  'You always enjoy being part of the performance 
after all, you can't deny that.'

'Of course not, I'm proud to admit it.  Count me in!'  Agnes was secretly 
flattered to be involved in any plans of Greta's.  'When you're ready I'm 
sure you'll point me in the right direction.

'Of course.  Thank you so much.  To repay you, perhaps you'd like to use 
slave Karen again in some way!'

'Oh indeed I would.  I can spend hours dreaming of things to do to her.'  
Agnes was triumphant, she had enjoyed her session tormenting Karen and could 
visualise endless possibilities.  Humiliating her and pushing her to the 
very edges of her limits.  Making her beg, making her plead.  'Oh yes, I 
have lots of ideas!'

'Fine.  All agreed then?'  Greta looked at her partners.  'I'll give you all 
the details tomorrow morning over breakfast.  Hopefully we can have a trial 
run later, just between us all here, before we go public.  I think we have a 
nice selection of specimens available.  I know we have a wide range of 
equipment to use.  All we need are some imaginative subscribers!'




End of Part 31


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 32 - Well Trained.


Freshly showered, refreshed from her light breakfast and brisk morning walk
around the grounds, Greta looked at her guests gathered in the sun-lit room to
plan the days events.

'Well, my friends, I hope you all slept well, we do have a busy day ahead of us.

A ripple of laughter spread around the room, as Karl sniggered that he, for one,
had already had a busy night.

'Yes ,my dear, you did try your best, if I recall!' Greta couldn't resist having
a dig at him for his performance.  A performance that, at best, could only be
classed as adequate.  As she thought back on she felt that perhaps she needed
another private session with Ken, or perhaps Karen, to satisfy her needs. 
Perhaps even, she wondered, a session with both of them.  That would be
something to consider, a Mistress with two obedient slaves, in private.  She
shook her head and returned to the conversation.

'Well I think that by now all of our other guests should be showered and fed as
necessary, so we are ready for your suggestions.'

Agnes looked across at Greta, 'You know my dear, you really do spoil your
guests, as you call them.  Such comfortable rooms, showers, good food.  You
really are a gem you know.'

'Of course!' Greta smirked.  'But, it's not just being selfish.  A slave who is
looked after is a good slave you know.  After all, even they have to eat, and I
like to make sure they eat healthily, like me.'

'But that depends on what you expect them to eat, surely?'  Mike called across
the room.

'Me, for preference!'  Greta smiled, 'But then you'd expect me to say that of
course.  No, I do feel that they need to be treated well.'

'But you pamper them too much, hot showers, every day even, it's like living in
luxury for a slave.' Jeff countered.

'And why not?  We look after them and we can use them for much longer.  In any
case I like to have clean people around me.  I know some of our friends, some of
your friends, actually like to keep their slaves, their sluts, in degrading
conditions, but frankly, I don't.  I agree that making your slut service a dirty
unwashed man, or woman , can be so degrading, so humiliating, but not all the
time.' Greta smiled around the room.

'You've started her off now,' Karl looked across at Jeff, 'thanks for that. I've
heard it all before.'

Greta glared at her husband.  'Huh!  Honestly, I think there is nothing more
erotic, more exciting, than to start with a freshly showered and pampered slave
and then spend the next few hours turning them into a sweating, pleading,
begging slave.  It's so good to take a smooth clean slut and work on her to make
her sweat and flood her juices down her thighs.'  Greta sighed. 'Wonderful! 
Especially making their juices flow....mmmmmmm!'

'I agree completely.'  Agnes sided with Greta.  'Give me a nice pair of smooth
heavy tits.  I just love making them sweat a little!  Of course, you can always
deny them a shower for a couple of days and then make them wash in ice cold
water.  That is a rather splendid punishment you know, works wonders too, I can
assure you!'

'You know, we'd never have guessed, would we?' Mike laughed and looked at his
wife.

Wendy smiled back and added her agreement.

'Hell, enough chatter, what's the game plan now?'

Greta glared at her husband for his interruption.  'As you ask I suggest that
Dave and Lucy give us another demonstration of their training skills.  I know
that Lucy has plans to use that parcel that Agnes and Ron brought along. Perhaps
you could explain a little my dear.'

'Yes indeed!'  Lucy stood up and walked over to Greta, placing a hand on her
shoulder.  'I suspect you'll like this session.  Agnes has kindly offered to let
us use her package, so you'll soon see just what it is.  Of course, as you'd
expect from me, it will involve my two little pets.  I suspect they had a
restless night, but, be assured, they are freshly prepared and ready for their
duties.'

'Excellent, and thank you Lucy and Agnes.  I suggest we move to more appropriate
surroundings.'  With that Greta got out of her seat and walked with Lucy towards
the stairs and down to the dungeon.



Once everyone had settled down Greta stood on the stage at the center of the
room.  'Now, everyone, I think that, besides us, we also need an extra audience. 
I propose to use my two little pets, Karen and Lisa, as our special guests. 
Unless anyone objects?'  She looked around the room.

'No?  Good!  So, my plan is simple, we'll have them over there against the wall,
spread-eagled.'  She paused and called across to her husband.  'Karl, my dear,
give slave Ken a call and tell him we're ready in here.'

Greta smiled and walked over to the back wall, which was liberally supplied with
loops, chains and similar equipment.  As the door opened she turned round and
spoke to Ken.  'Thank you, bring them over here and arrange them properly.'

Ken, as senior slave, clad in a brief loin cloth, prodded a naked Karen and Lisa
in front of him towards the wall.

'Stand there, and there.  Now, back against the wall and raise your arms.'

As the naked girls obeyed he moved quickly towards Karen and easily fastened her
outstretched wrists to two convenient shackles hanging from the wall. Satisfied
he moved over to her left, to Lisa, and fastened her in a similar fashion.

'Now, open your legs as wide as you can.'  Again the naked couple obeyed,
spreading their legs wide until their naked feet touched across the gap between
them, Karen's left foot lying snugly besides Lisa's right foot. Quickly checking
the position of their bare feet, Ken fastened broad leather straps round each
ankle and connected them with a short chain.  Once the constraint was fitted he
moved to Karen's other foot and pulled it out a little further before shackling
it to a suitably placed hook on the floor before he repeated his action with
Lisa.

'Mistress?'  Ken looked respectfully towards Greta.  'Does that please you?'

Greta walked over and inspected the naked girls, savoring the light perfume left
behind from their earlier shower.  'Yes.  I think so, I do think their legs are
just about right.  About four feet apart, so appropriate for four naked feet
too, don't you think?'  Greta smiled at her simple humor.  'I think their arms
should be adjusted so that they can hold hands.  Do that will you?'

Ken returned and made the necessary adjustments.  The girls held hands, fingers
intertwined, as the straps around their wrists were tightened.

'Thank you, that is just exactly as I need.  You may go back now and make sure
that slave Andy is, er, prepared for his next task.  You know what will be
expected from him so mind that you take care and don't, shall we say, over exert
him!'  With that Greta dismissed Ken who obediently padded out of the room.

'Now, everyone, does that please you?'

Nods of approval from around the group were appreciated as she continued  'Now,
a small decoration would be rather nice I feel.  They are holding hands and
touching toes, so I think I should complete the connection a little more
intimately before the main event begins.'

With that she picked up a pair of nipple clamps from the bench nearby and moved
over to the girls.  She held them in front of Karen's startled gaze before she
clipped it firmly to her left nipple.  Letting the clip hang she then neatly
fixed the other clamp to Lisa's erect right nipple.

'Hmmmmm.  I like that, except we need a couple more items there.'

Greta moved towards the bench again and picked up a length of chain and a small
canvas bag.  As she approached the girls once more Lisa looked nervously at the
bag, already knowing what to expect.  Greta quickly fitted the chain to each
nipple clamp letting the surplus hang down between the two girls in a graceful
arc.

Across the room the interested onlookers could see that each girl had a nipple
extended downwards by the weight of the chain, in a pleasing contrast to the
upstanding unclipped nipples.

'Rather neat, so far, I think.'  Greta moved back and took some small weights
out of the bag, attaching them carefully to the center of the chain.  The
increased weight made each clipped nipple extend further downwards tugging
insistently on each naked breast, each naked tit, so that they hung, extended
much lower than their unencumbered partner.

'Just a couple more and it will be perfect, just perfect!'

Extra weights were attached and the onlookers could see the erotic contrast
between the normal, unencumbered, tits, sitting naturally on each naked chest
and the heavily loaded nipples and their drooping tits.  The weights sufficient
that the tormented nipples were some three inches below their original position.

'Well done, I do like that!'  Agnes, well appreciated for her finesse in tit
play, spoke out for the rest of the group.  'We can savor that while we all
enjoy the next scene.   Are we all ready now?'  She looked across at Lucy who
went and brought a naked Allan and Joy into the room and placed them in the
center of the brightly lit stage.

'One moment, May I suggest...'

'Yes, Karl, my dear, what is it now?'  Greta was irritated by his interruption.

'Perhaps we should provide a comfortable base for the action, rather than the
hard floor.'  He looked nervously at his wife.  'If you agree my dear, of
course.'

'Of course, I was about to ask someone to bring over the pad we used earlier.
Perhaps you would oblige now.'

Karl got out of his seat and brought over the large, rubber padded, base that
Karen had lain on before her ordeal as Ken had serviced her.  He placed it on
one side of the naked couple and returned to his seat.

'Satisfied?'  Greta looked and acknowledged his nod.  'Good.  Agnes my dear,
perhaps you would be good enough to present your little package to us now.'

Agnes moved over to the door, and, opening it called through 'Come, at once.'



Through the door shuffled a tall figure, clad from head to toe in a shapeless
paper suit, similar to those used by crime suspects in police enquiries.  In
this case both hands and feet were covered and a large linen cover was placed
over the head so that it was impossible to determine whether the new entrant was
male or female.  It was apparent that, whoever it was, they could see dimly
through the enclosing linen cover, as they managed to walk unsteadily to the
stage area without falling or knocking into anyone.

'Stand there and wait!'  Agnes spoke sharply from her chair at the side of the
stage.  'Lucy, would you like to continue from here, after all we are using your
pets for this little scene.'

Allan and Joy still stood, legs apart and arms behind their backs as they
waited, naked and apprehensive for what awaited them.

'Fine by me.' Lucy stood up.  'Now. everyone, Dave helped me in planning this so
please remember that, we are a team after all.'  She turned to the naked couple,
Joy with her breasts sagging and moving slightly as she breathed in and out in
anticipation, and Allan with his cock hanging flaccid over his heavy balls. 
'Now, you two I want you,' she flicked Joy's left nipple with her finger nail,
'to stand over there at the top of this mat.  And you', she flicked the end of
Allan's cock, stand at the side and wait.  Neither of you will move a muscle
until I tell you!'

The couple complied in silence.

'Now, you', this time Lucy tapped the covered body, still standing in silence,
on the shoulder, ' you stand over here behind her.'

The white covered figure shuffled over and stood behind Joy.

Agnes signalled her approval as Lucy surveyed the arrangement.

'OK!  Now - strip and show us who you are!'

With a few brisk movements the linen bag was removed followed by the paper suit
until the occupant stood upright, hands clasped lightly behind a half clad body. 
A body wearing only tight fitting black leather trousers.  Trousers cut with the
crotch completely missing!

Greta was unmoved, knowing what to expect, but the others in the room were
visibly shocked.  Karen, especially, stared wide eyed.  Joy was the only one
present who had no idea of who was standing behind her, but she could see that
whoever, whatever, it was it had an effect on her husband.

Allan stared open mouthed.  Involuntarily his cock twitched slightly, causing
Lucy to frown, causing her to wonder if her training, her conditioning, had been
thorough enough.

'You like?'  Agnes called across to Lucy.

'Very much!  Oh yes!  Very much indeed!'  Lucy had a broad grin as she looked at
the unsuspecting Joy.  'You know, I think slave Karen also approves - look at
her face!'

Everyone looked across at the naked girls, tits stretched and legs wide apart.
Lisa had her eyes downcast in an attempt to avoid what she saw, what she feared
instinctively.  Karen, however, was staring defiantly, her unfettered nipple
erect and signs of moisture on her uncovered labia.

'Do you approve, my dear?'  Greta called across to her prize possession.

'Y--y-yes Mistress.  If you say so Mistress.'  Karen had difficulty in speaking
coherently.

'I do say so and perhaps we will put you to the test later, I'm sure you would
cope admirably.' Greta stared at Karen.  'Would you cope, would you handle the
challenge?'

'Mistress, I will do anything you order, you know that.'  Karen answered
carefully.  'Mistress, your commands are my pleasure, you know that.'

'Indeed I do, indeed I do.'  Greta smiled slightly.  'Now, Lucy my dear shall we
continue?'

'Of course!  She moved behind Joy and tapped the newcomer on the shoulder again. 
'Move round and stand in front of your new friend.'

As the figure moved into Joy's peripheral vision she struggled to remain
motionless.  Motionless until the figure moved directly in front of her, several
feet in front of her, affording her a full and unobstructed view.

'Just stand there and let her admire the view.  She may need a few moments to
appreciate what she sees!'

Joy stared.  Stared intently at the sight revealed by the cleverly cut leather. 
For a full minute she stared unblinkingly.

'Now, remove that garment!  Quickly!'  The thin leather trousers were removed,
carefully folded and placed on the floor.

Joy could no longer hold herself in position. She stared open mouthed and
gasped.  Gasped, not in horror, but in appreciation.  In expectation!

Standing motionless, legs apart and hands behind his back was a tall, slim built
but firmly muscled, male.

A tall naked male.

A totally hairless male.

A male, body glistening with an application of light oil, shining in the light
focused on the stage.

Black!

A deep ebony black.  A tall good looking black man, around 25 years of age, his
looks enhanced by the hairless state of his body.  A body that glistened with a
light sheen.

'Now, you two, here is your challenge for today!'  Lucy stood to one side and
addressed the naked Allan directly.

'You know what you have to do don't you?  Everything you have to do!
Everything!'

'Yes Miss.  As you order Miss!'  Allan spoke quietly and humbly and bowed his
head.

Lucy turned to Joy, smiling triumphantly.

'And you my dear, you!  Do you think you will cope?'

Joy stared at the vision before her and struggled to speak, her mouth dry with
anticipation, with apprehension.  'Yes Miss.  I always do what you tell me to do
Miss.'

Lucy nodded approvingly as Joy stared at the naked male, her eyes ranging up and
down his body, from his smooth hairless head to his bare feet, before her gaze
returned, focused on his loins.  His smooth hairless loins.  His heavy sac with
the contents well defined.  His cock.

Joy stared unblinkingly.

His cock.

Black.

Cut.

Black.

Swollen glans.

Black.

Long.  Exceptionally long.

Black.

Thick.  Exceptionally thick.

Black.

Still flaccid!

Despite herself she could not deny her body, her nipples hardening visibly, her
labia engorging even as she stood and looked.

'My dear, meet Peter!'  Lucy smiled triumphantly as she saw the effect that her
revelation was having on her pet.

Joy swallowed nervously and tried to speak, her voice husky with emotion.  'Yes
Miss, thank you Miss!'

'Do like what you see there?'

'Y-yes Miss.  If you say so Miss.  Miss, of course I like w - what I see.'  Joy
stumbled over her words, finding it hard to articulate her thoughts.

'And you?'  Lucy turned to Allan, savoring his flushed face, his obvious
embarrassment.

'I don't know what to say Miss.  H-h-he seems to be a nice sort of...'  His
words dried up as he too stared enthralled at the sight in front of him.



Agnes clapped her hands gleefully.  'There you are everybody!  I told you that
we had a special surprise for you all.  I assume that nobody is disappointed.'

'Certainly not!'  Greta stood up and walked over to admire the young man
displayed before them.  'Yes, he does seem rather special doesn't he?'  She
walked around and studied the firmly muscled body in detail.  'Yes!  You know, I
do think that you have someone to perhaps equal slave Ken.  What do you think my
dear?'  With that she walked back to her husband.

'Yes indeed.  We would have to test him thoroughly, of course, before we could
be really certain.'

'Agreed!  Agnes my dear, I see some interesting possibilities here.  Perhaps we
can discuss details later, after this little exhibition.  Some sort of
competition between the two might whet our appetites a little.  And of course
they have plenty to work on!'  As she spoke she looked over at the silent girls
tied against the far wall. Karen still staring approvingly as Lisa began to take
cautious looks at the new slave on display.

Seeing the looks, Greta decided to get up and walk over to Karen.  She spoke
quietly, so that only she could hear what was said.  'You know you want him, you
know you can take him, don't you?'.

'Yes Mistress!'  Karen could not deny her feelings: her lust filled gaze had
already revealed her desires to Greta.  As she stood naked, open legged, next to
her friend, her lover, Lisa, she couldn't help recalling another time, another
time in another life.  She had made friends with a work-mate.  A colored
work-mate who was grateful for her friendship in an office where old prejudices
still survived.  In gratitude she had invited Karen home to meet her family, to
meet her husband.  A husband who was both well endowed and gentle, a husband who
had all of the qualities that she found so lacking in her own husband.  She
realised then that there were good people in the world after all. People who
would treated her with care and respect.  People with whom she could confidently
share her sexuality.

Karl called across disturbing her thoughts.

'Greta, leave her alone, you can have her at any time.'  He was both annoyed and
jealous at the growing relationship between Mistress and slave.



'Indeed!  Lucy, get them started will you please?'

'My, no, our, pleasure!'  Lucy turned to Allan.  'You know what you have to do. 
Do it!'

Allan nodded silently and turned to the muscular, naked man before him.

'Please, Sir.  Please, would you like to fuck my wife?'

'Why should I do that.'  The voice was pleasantly deep and resonant.  'There are
more attractive, younger women here that seem to be available.'   Peter had
already been well briefed by Agnes before he had been brought into the dungeon.

'B-but, please, she really is very good.  Please!'

'Well, give me, no, show me, just why I should even consider doing what you
ask.'  Peter spoke but remained expressionless.

Allan moved across to his wife and stood slightly behind her.  He passed his
arms around her nakedness and cupped her breasts, her dark-nippled sagging
breasts, and held them upwards towards Peter.  'Sir, look, she really does have
such lovely tits you know.'  As he spoke he hefted them gently so that the flesh
rippled and the nipples bounced erotically.  'Look, look how big her nipples
are, you can see that she wants you.'

'Hmmmmm.  Perhaps.  Is that all you have to offer?'

Allan paused and let his wife's tits drop to their more normal level, letting
them bounce and jiggle.  He moved to one side and knelt down.  He looked towards
Peter, still standing unmoved, and gently parted the swollen labia. 'Look, see,
she has such a nice clit, so big too, you must admit.'  As he spoke he fingered
the rigid bud.  'Look she is already so wet waiting for you.'

Peter remained silent.

Desperately Allan motioned to his wife.  'My dear, lie down and spread your
legs, you know he won't resist you then.'

Joy eagerly lay down in front of Peter, standing and staring, and lay down open
legged.  She looked up at him and smiled as she let her hands toy with her tits,
her nipples, before she let her right hand gently probe her glistening lips. 
She twirled her finger across her clit and looked longingly.  'Please, please do
what my husband asks.  Please!.  Fuck me, Fuck me, I beg you, please!'



Peter finally smiled.  'Yes I might just do that, I might even enjoy it I
guess.'

'Thank you Sir!'  Allan spoke, the relief in his voice evident.

'Well, there is just one small problem.  I will need a little assistance first.'

'Anything, anything you ask'

'Sure, quite sure?'

'Yes Sir, anything so that you will fuck my wife.'

Peter smiled broadly and looked across at Agnes who was holding her breath.  At
last!  At last her plan was working.  She had spoken earlier to Lucy to confirm
her ideas, and now was the time to commit Allan to the final humiliation.  She
looked across at Peter, and then Lucy, still standing near the stage and nodded
almost imperceptibly.

'Make me hard!'

'Sir?'

'You heard me, make my cock hard, now!'  Peter actually raised his voice.  'I
can hardly fuck your wife unless my cock is standing proud can I?'

'No sir', Allan spoke reluctantly,  'What shall I do?'

'Play with it and stroke it, suck it as well and you might just do it for me.'
Peter was enjoying the humiliation of a fellow slave.

'I-if I do, will you fuck her while I watch you?'

'I shall insist that you watch, and watch very closely, so get on with it, work
on my cock.'  Peter looked at Allan's limp organ, so small in comparison with
his own, and sneered.  'At least this way she will get her cunt well filled.'

Allan swallowed nervously and stretched his arm out and carefully touched the
long, thick, but limp, cock hanging in front of him.  He made a few tentative
strokes and felt a slight thickening.  Reluctantly he gently ran his fingers
over the hairless balls, wondering at the smooth texture.

Lucy looked unhappy and moved towards Allan.  'You must do better than that, put
some effort into it or you will be punished.  Understand?'

Allan nodded and reached out with his other hand carefully touching the slit,
open wide at the head of the black glans.

'No good!  Useless!'  Lucy was clearly less than happy with the performance.
'You must get closer to the action.  Much closer.'   She turned to Greta. 'Greta
my dear, have you anything that I could use here to encourage him?'

'Of course.  Wait a moment.'  Greta walked over to one of the broad shelves
along one side of the dungeon, selected some small items and brought them back
to Lucy.  'Try these.  They should do the trick for you, and, ha ha, for him!'

Allan remained kneeling and looked fearfully up at Lucy.

'Stay still!'  Lucy spoke as she bent down and fastened a broad leather collar
around the unresisting neck, then, to Allan's surprise she lifted two leather
cuffs.  'Hold your hands up, now!'

Allan obeyed instantly and watched as she buckled leather straps tightly around
each wrist.  'Almost done.'  Lucy held up two short lengths of chain and
connected each wrist to the leather collar.

'Is that what you had in mind my dear?'  Lucy looked at Greta.

'Exactly so, now he'll be close, real close, to the action!'

Listening to the conversation about him, Allan tried to move his wrists.  He
found, to his horror that the movement was restricted.  It was impossible to
move his wrists, his hands, more than about a foot from his neck, his face.

'Now, once more, start working on that cock!'  Lucy pushed his head towards
Peters limp appendage before she moved away to observe the action.



Resigned to his fate Allan shuffled nearer and reached out and grasped the
hanging cock in one hand and slowly began to masturbate it.

'I reckon you'll need both hands to do that properly!'  Peter spoke quietly to
Allan.  'Start pumping!'

'Sir!'  Allan reached his other hand and fitted it between his other hand and
the base of the cock.  He began slowly working his fists up and down as he felt
the warm, smooth flesh begin to swell.

'That's good man, that's real nice.'  Peter gasped as his cock began to erect,
to thicken, to harden.

All the time that this was going on Joy had been watching, staring, hypnotised
by the sight of the cock that she knew would soon be penetrating her. Stretching
her.  She couldn't resist encouraging her husband.  'Go on, work it, make it big
and hard for me.  Go on, now suck it!'

Although half expecting that he would be required to perform like that, to hear
the words, the instructions, from his own wife, his own naked and highly aroused
wife, still came as a shock.

'You heard her!  Do it'  Lucy took charge once more.  'Start sucking cock, now!'

Because the chains holding his hands were so short the rapidly erecting cock,
growing into full hardness was but inches away from his face.  Allan tentatively
stuck his tongue out and licked the swollen glans.

Peter jerked and thrust his full erection into Allan's face.  'Suck it now! Call
yourself a man?  Start sucking cock.'

Allan overcame his reluctance and began licking the thick shaft from top to
bottom, down to the smooth heavy balls. Kissed the balls and began running his
tongue back up the shaft.  As his mouth reached the top of the shaft he opened
it as wide as possible and tried to force the cock into his mouth.  Try as he
might he could not manage it, the swollen glands was too big to enter his mouth
with him risking hurting Peter with his teeth.

'Sir, sir, I can't do it.  I might hurt you, your, your cock with my teeth.'

'No worries, keep trying, get the head in and you'll be fine.  Let me worry
about being hurt.'  Peter spoke urgently, desperate to complete his humiliation
of this weak husband, desperate to start fucking his wife.

Allan struggled to open his mouth fractionally wider and found that the
resilience of the swollen glans allowed him to get it all into his mouth.  Once
inside he found that the slightly smaller diameter of the rigid shaft was
tolerable.  Tolerable until Peter began thrusting his cock deeper into his
mouth, thrusting until the head hit the back of his throat.

'Ahgggggggg, nnnn-nnnnn.'  Allan was unintelligible although the message was
clear to the onlookers.  Peter continued gentle thrusts back and forward as
Allan's face reddened and his discomfort increased.

'OK, enough for now.  You'll have another chance soon.'  Lucy tapped Peter on
the shoulder.  'Pull it out and let him breathe.'

Reluctantly Peter pulled his stiffness out of the wet warm mouth, leaving Allan
gasping for breath.



Slightly recovered, Allan looked up at Peter with pleading eyes.  'Sir, I've
done as you ask, please fuck my wife now, please.'

Peter nodded and knelt down between Joy's outstretched legs.  'That'll be my
pleasure....and hers!'  He moved his position and inched towards her so that his
cock, vibrantly erect, was almost touching the wet engorged labia.

Joy lifted her head up and looked down over her nakedness at the swollen cock
pointing at her.  From her position she could now appreciate the thickness that
was to penetrate her.  A thickness that seemed almost beyond her capacity.

'OK, now, you wanted me to fuck her, so you can guide me into her cunt. Slowly!'

Allan, constrained by the neck and wrist chains struggled to get his hands
towards the throbbing black cock.  Carefully, bring his face close to the cock
and to the swollen labia, he used one hand to grasp the cock and the other to
part the flesh vainly attempting to cover the swollen clitoris and the wet
opening to the expectant cunt.  Carefully, gently, he rubbed the swollen glans
against the swollen rigid bud causing his wife to moan and gasp with pleasure.

'Please, please, let him fuck me now, please.'

Allan guided the swollen head into the welcoming flesh before he moved away, his
eyes fixed on the sight, on the black cock about to enter his wife.

'Your turn to beg now, lady!'  Peter knelt looking down at the naked flesh
quivering expectantly.

'Please, fuck me fuck me fuck me.'  Joy was desperate after watching her husband
suck cock, stroke cock, hard cock.  'Fuck me now!'

Peter began to slowly enter her willing flesh, to stretch her flesh.

'Oh my god, oh my god, it's so big, so thick.'

Allan could not break his fascinated stare as the thick, the thick hard black
cock, slowly penetrated his wife.  After a few slow thrusts Peter withdrew his
cock almost fully and paused, letting Allan see the slick juices coating the
shaft before he again began to thrust forward.  Deeper.  Deeper.

'No.  Stop!  You're too big!' Joy struggled to cope with the invasion. 'Please,
it's so big, I c-c-can't take any more.'

'Oh you will, you will.'  Lucy spoke, voice husky as she enjoyed the scene.
'He'll be right in you soon and then you'll be fucked like never before!'

Peter continued slowly pushing, withdrawing, pushing and each time, after
showing Allan the slick, shining flesh went even deeper into his wifes fully
stretched cunt.

'Oh my god, so deep, so deep!'  Joy was doing her best to accommodate the cock. 
Finally the thrusts stooped and at last Peter was penetrating her to her very
depths, deeper than she had ever felt a cock before.

'Hold!'  Greta felt that she had to take some part in the proceedings.  'Well,
Agnes, you have certainly brought a fine young man for us to watch, a fine young
man!'

Agnes acknowledged her comments with a smile.  'Perhaps even more, shall we say,
upstanding than your own slave. Don't you think?'

'Now, that is a difficult question to answer at the moment.  As I said, perhaps
we'll put them both to the test later.'  Greta looked across at Karen and Lisa,
both obviously flushed and excited by the performance in front of them. ''You
two still look pretty willing. Perhaps we'll use you both to test the men out
later.'

Karen looked nervously at Lisa as they held each others hand firmly.

'What about you Karen?  Surely you're willing?  And, tell me, just what is that
running down your lovely thighs?'

Karen, embarrassed by her uncontrolled copious flow, by her own arousal, could
barely speak.  'Whatever my Mistress wishes.'



'Enough!'  Lucy was getting impatient at the interchange across the floor. 'Let
my little slut get her reward.'  She nodded at Peter who began slowly thrusting
in and out of the wet cunt, out almost to the end before plunging as deep as he
could, bruising the cervix. Each  stroke stimulating the spongy, sensitive
fleshy pad inside Joy's engorged cunt.

'No, stop!'  Joy gasped.  Then, as Peter did actually stop, 'No, go on, keep
fucking me please.  Please.'

As he continued pistoning in and out, as Joy's cunt finally accommodated the
thick invader with less and less discomfort, she began to enjoy the sensations. 
'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!'

Allan continued to watch closely as the thick, slickly coated, cock pounded in
and out, as the smooth balls swung against the perineum wet with the juices
running down between his wife's legs.

Finally, Joy was desperate.  'Please, fuck me, make me cum.  I want to cum, I
must cum, I have to cum.  Please.'

Peter continued his relentless pounding as Joy desperately sought the release
she was denied.  Release she knew she would be denied until her final
humiliation was complete.

Across the floor Karen watched her sympathetically.  She, like the others in the
room, knew that until she had been paid for her actions, until she had endured
the final degradation of being paid for having sex, she could not, would not,
cum.

Finally, taking pity, Roy stood up, walked across and threw some small change
over Joy's naked, sweating, heaving body.  'That's all you're worth slut!'

Joy looked at him, grateful, pitifully grateful, that she could achieve her
final orgasm.  'Go on, fuck me, harder, harder, harder!'

Peter increased his rhythm, his thrusts.

'Oooooooommmmmyyyyyyyygggoooodddddddddddd. Yessssssssssssssssss! Yessssssssss!' 
Joy erupted in an  explosive orgasm as Peter, timing his actions to perfection,
pumped endless jets of hot cream deep inside her.



As Peter slowly withdrew, cock slowly shrinking to a more normal size, thick
ribbons  of cum, of hot cream, oozed out of Joy's reddened, sore cunt, trickling
down, pooling between her legs.  Allan, waiting for this moment began to achieve
his own erection, his own arousal.

He looked across pleadingly at Lucy.  'Mistress, may I fuck my wife now,
please.'

'Yes, I think I will permit that.  But, while you re fucking her, you will use
your tongue to clean that cock, that thick cock which you so enjoyed watching.

Allan and Peter managed to change places, with Allan kneeling between his wifes
legs, as Peter stood beside him.  Allan thrust his cock, pitifully small when
compared with the black organ, entered his wife.  Carefully, but almost eagerly,
he sought to hold the semi-rigid cum-soaked cock before he began to lick it, to
take it into his mouth, holding it, wrists still chained to his collar.

Beyond all shame, all embarrassment, he eagerly continued to suck and lick the
black cock back to another erection even as he continued fucking his wife.

Joy was impatient for him to finish, she could see the growing erection that he
was sucking.  'Hurry up, I need a real cock, a real man, now!'

Allan, again humiliated, but aroused, finally spurted his own offering deep into
his wife and reluctantly withdrew, even as he continued to suck and fondle
Peter's warm stiff flesh.



Everyone in the dungeon remained silent.

Enthralled at the performance.

Aroused, excited, wanting more pleasures.





End of Part 32


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 33 - Competition


After several minutes of silence, broken only by the heavy breathing from 
Joy, still enjoying post-orgasmic spasms as she watched her husband 
continuing to worship Peter's erection, Agnes stood up.

'Well...', she paused, '...that really was most impressive.  I think you all 
approve of my new house slave and I know that Lucy's careful training has 
been tested and proved most successful.'

Lucy smiled her thanks and called across to her slave couple.  'You can get 
up now and get yourselves cleaned up, if your husband can manage to stop 
sucking that cock.'

Joy moved reluctantly and tugged Allan's arm.  'Please, leave him now and 
lick me, lick my cunt for me.  You know how much you enjoy that after I've 
been fucked.  I'm sure Miss Agnes will allow you to play with that cock 
again, if we ask her nicely.'  Joy looked demurely across at Agnes.

'Oh, I'm sure we can arrange that for you, for both of you!' Agnes looked at 
Greta who nodded vigorosly.  'Yes indeed!  In fact we shall insist!'

Allan gave the black cock a final suck, a final tonguing, and moved to kneel 
between his wife's legs.  He looked up at her and smiled happily before he 
bent down and commenced his task.  Oblivious of the others around he 
continued to probe the wet, engorged flesh and the still hard clit, with his 
tongue.  Joy smiled as she began to lift and fondle her heavy breasts. 
Smiled contentedly as she teased her nipples, erect once more.



Agnes glanced across at them laughing.  'Leave them to it!  Slave Peter, you 
are dismissed, report to slave Ken, he will take care of you until we need 
you again.'

'Thank you Mistress, I hope I satisfied you.'

'Oh yes, you satisfied all of us, especially those two!'

Peter left the dungeon, smiling down at the naked couple, triumphant that 
both had served him, had shown appropriate homage to his manhood.  Manhood 
that made him inordinately proud.  Made him thankful that nature had 
compensated him so bountifully as a penance for causing him to be hairless.  
Not that his hairless state had ever caused him distress, rather he had 
always felt, immodestly, that it enhanced his physique.  Enhanced his appeal 
to both men and women.  Even complemented his endowment, especially in a 
situation such as this.



'Now, Greta, everyone, may I continue?  I really would like to make use of 
the sluts over there before we move onto our next little demonstrations.  
I'm sure Mike and Wendy won't mind keeping their parcel on ice, so to speak, 
for a little while longer.  I hope you will indulge my little whim, you know 
how my little pleasures can be satisfied!'

Wendy smiled grimly.  'We don't mind, but then we're in here and...', she 
looked at Mike,  '...yes,. go ahead, the delay will make the pleasure all 
the greater.'

'Fine.  Now, what I propose to do is to set sluts in competition with each 
other.  The winner can have a rest, of sorts,' Agnes winked at Greta, ' and 
the loser can help Wendy with her little demonstration.  Of course, it's not 
for me to say, but, given the choice, and knowing Wendy, I think I would 
prefer to win this contest!'

'Good!  You have my full permission to continue.  Please make free with 
everything I have to offer in here.'  Greta was gratified that Agnes had 
taken the initiative, a good omen for her plans to use her in new her 
scheme.  A scheme that she had yet to discuss in detail, apart from the 
planned demonstration later.  If there was time, of course, she reminded 
herself.



Agnes walked across to the naked girls, stretched wide and showing signs of 
distress at the prolonged clipping of their respective nipples.  She stood 
in front of the girls and looked first at Lisa, and then at Karen.

'I assume that neither of you have any objections to taking part in my 
little competition?'

Karen shook her head. 'As you wish Miss Agnes.'

'And you?'  Agnes snapped at Lisa,  'What about you?'

'Miss Agnes, what do we have to do?  Lisa was wary and more than a little 
afraid of what may happen to them, to her.  She had been a victim of Agnes' 
little 'games' before and she was not sure that the experience would be 
enjoyable.

'Does that matter?'  Agnes moved closer and held Lisa's chin.  'Your 
Mistress has given me permission so you will, repeat, will, take part.  
Understood!'

'Yes Miss Agnes, sorry Miss.'  Lisa agreed miserably.

'Good, I'm sure you're both ready and willing.'  As she spoke she turned to 
face the seated guests, before she reached behind her and rubbed her hands, 
one between each girl's open legs, feeling, enjoying, the evidence of 
considerable lubrication.  'Oh my, look everyone!'  She held her hands up, 
glistening with the juices.  'Look what I've found.  These sluts have made 
me dirty my hands!'

With that she turned round to face the girls once more, and held her hands 
in front of each startled face.  'Look at this, you've made my hands so wet 
and sticky.  Now you can clean them for me.'  As she spoke she rubbed each 
open, wet, palm against their mouths.  Mouths that opened.  Tongues that 
crept out from the open lips.  Tongues that began to lick the secretions.  
To savor the taste, the sweet, salty, tangy taste.

'You see, they just love licking each others juices, look how they close 
their eyes and enjoy the taste.'  Agnes smiled over her shoulder as the 
girls enthusiastically licked her hands, licked each others vaginal 
secretions from her palms, from her fingers, from between her fingers.

'Enough, for now.  Let me release those poor nipples for you.  Would you 
like that?'

Both girls nodded, afraid to speak, but desperate for the constriction to be 
removed from their long suffering nipples.  Desperate for them to be free, 
but afraid of the painful sensations that they knew were inevitable as the 
blood flowed freely once more through the tender, sensitive tissue.

'I'll take that as a yes, then.  I know you'll feel so much better in just a 
second!'  Agnes enjoyed the moment, aware of the pain and discomfort that 
each would experience.  Perhaps it served them both right for having such 
prominent nipples, such enlarged teats.  Unlike her own formless nipples, 
nipples which, sadly, she knew would never fully experience such pain, such 
pleasure, such intense pleasure.

Lisa looked nervously as Agnes moved to her tormented right breast.  'There 
you are, isn't that better?'  Agnes unclipped the clamp and let it fall, 
with the weights still attached.  Let it fall while the other end was still 
attached to Karen's left nipple.  A nipple that now carried the full length 
of the chain, of the attached weights.

Lisa's eyes filled with tears as sensation returned to her nipple.

Karen managed to suppress a groan as she felt the sharp, heavy, insistent 
tug on her nipple.  The weight hanging from her tender flesh was almost 
unbearable.  Surely, she thought, more than she had ever borne before, even 
after years of such pleasures.

'Hmmmmm, the slut seems to like that.  Look how prettily her tit hangs down, 
how stretched her nipple is.  Should we let you carry on for and hour or two 
like that I wonder?'  Agnes looked into Karen's pained face.  'No, perhaps 
not, we can have our little pleasures later can't we?'  Taking pity, an 
emotion she rarely felt, Agnes unclipped Karen's stretched bruised left 
nipple.  Despite her best efforts, despite biting her lip as the intense 
sensations returned to her reddened, swollen nipple, Karen couldn't stop her 
anguished moan.

A moan of pain that Agnes found enjoyable, pleasurable, even orgasmic.  She 
revelled in the pleasure she could get from playing with other women, 
tormenting other women's tits, nipples, the pain and pleasure she could 
inflict.

She stood slightly back and placed the flat of each hand on the center of 
each tormented breast, before she applied pressure and rotated her hands, 
moving the soft flesh in a circular motion, pressing as hard as she could.

Both girls began to weep.  The combination of returning sensation and the 
pressure as Agnes compressed their sensitive flesh was hard to bear, hard to 
tolerate.



Finally, Agnes stood back and viewed the weeping, naked, spread-eagled 
girls.  'Time to explain my little competition I think.'  She walked over to 
the side of the dungeon and selected a few items and assessed others.  
'Greta, my dear, I suppose all of this equipment is fully portable?'  She 
gestured at several implements.

'Of course.  Karl, go and help her get started.'

Karl, muttering under his breath, got up and walked over to Agnes.  Greta 
made a mental note.  Her husband was beginning to irritate her, his 
inadequacies and his pettiness were beginning to pall.  Someday, and perhaps 
someday soon, she would have to take steps to mould him in a more pleasing 
image.

Agnes gave him some instructions and walked back over to the girls, tears 
finally dried as their tormented flesh slowly recovered from the ordeal.

'Now, you see, that wasn't too bad was it?'  She smiled.  'Now, this is all 
very simple.  Karen, you already have some experience of course.'

Karen looked startled.

'Oh yes, let me explain.  I'm going to use your Mistress' little machine on 
your tits.  Not both of course, because you have already had enough 
punishment on the other, for now.  No, I intend to use the pump on one tit 
each.'  As she spoke Agnes stretched her arms wide and playfully slapped 
each, previously un-punished, tit, making them jump in unison.

Karl had brought the equipment over to stand ready for use.  Agnes applied 
some lubricating jelly around and over each waiting tit.  She addressed 
Karl.  'Here!  You can rub this in better than I can, I'm sure you'll like 
that.'

Karl eagerly began to rub copious amounts of the gel into the waiting tits 
until Greta called angrily across. 'Enough!  Stop playing!'

Reluctantly he stood back and watched as Agnes placed the first cylinder 
over Lisa's left breast, before she turned the tap on, allowing a partial 
evacuation of air, sufficient to retain the cylinder in position.  
Satisfied, she performed the same actions on Karen's right breast.

'Not quite finished of course, but that'll give you both a good idea of the 
pleasure.'  Agnes beamed happily as the girls stared wide eyed back at her.  
'Don't worry, I'll increase the pleasure, sorry, the pressure, soon, but 
first, a few adjustments.  She picked up a couple of items.  Look, your 
favorites, some more clamps.  No, not for your nipples, but here.'  As she 
spoke she bent down and carefully fingered Karen's labia, still prominent 
after her earlier arousal.  She separated the labia and concentrated on the 
left side, gently teasing it before she snapped the clamp on it, firmly 
positioning it in the center of the fleshy petal.  Karen winced as she 
tugged to test its firmness.

'Fine, just fine!' Agnes moved over to Lisa.  'And now the same for you my 
dear, just on the opposite side.  Must keep things balanced, you know.'  
Agnes stretched Lisa's flesh and fixed the remaining clamp onto her less 
prominent labia.  'Good, good, nearly finished.  Just let me fix this chain 
between you.'

Agnes carefully attached a short chain between the two clips, it's small 
weight gently extending each labia, causing each girl to fear what would 
come next.  'Karl, pass me that pail and the hose.'  Taking the pail off him 
she hung it in the center of the chain, increasing the tension on each 
labial lip.

'Nearly done.  Now, the rules.  Your tits are going to be pumped, until they 
are nicely expanded, nipples and all, into these jars.  There will be no 
release for them, they will remain pumped as long as the competition lasts, 
for your, and especially, my, pleasure.'  Agnes couldn't resist a short 
laugh.  'No, the real test between you is this.  We're going to increase the 
load on your love petals, your cunt lips if you like.  You can watch water 
flow into the pail, slowly, very slowly, of course, and as it fills the 
weight will become greater and greater.'

Karen gasped and looked at Lisa, who had gone deathly pale.

Agnes continued, 'Now, I calculate that this will hold around two gallons, 
two gallons of water, perhaps a little more.  That will be around twenty 
pounds or so.  I'm quite certain that neither of you will be able stand that 
weight on your flaps, so we will soon have a loser, an unlucky loser, and a 
very lucky winner!'

Greta nodded her approval, as she continued.  'Now, the first girl to plead 
for release will be the loser.  The winner, the one who is left, will be 
able to take some rest, which Greta will arrange in her own special way.'

Greta called.  'Oh yes, my sluts are always grateful for my mercy, be sure 
of that.'

'But the loser, the loser, well...'. Agnes paused and looked at Wendy.  
'...she will be yours to use when you show us your offering.  I know you'll 
need a female, er..., assistant, to make it more enjoyable and I know the 
loser here will be happy to accommodate your wishes.'

Agnes turned to Karl.  'Turn on the water, slowly!'



After turning the vacuum pump to a higher level, Agnes checked to see each 
soft smooth tit slowly expand into the jar, each nipple bulging with the 
suction.  Satisfied with the appearance, and with the distended nipples, she 
returned to her seat to watch as the pail slowly filled.

As the level of water got higher, Karen began to feel that her labia was 
being torn off, extended to the limits of endurance, but she was determined 
not to give in, not to give Agnes the pleasure of her submission.  Lisa, 
equally determined was nevertheless beginning to weaken.  Without the 
benefit of such extended labia as Karen, the strain of the weight was having 
a greater effect on her flesh.  Slowly, but surely, as the weight increased 
she felt that she would have to submit, to admit her weakness.

Despite the distraction provided by Agnes' device the pressure on their 
distended tits was not altogether unpleasant.  The sensation not too much 
different to that applied by an ardent lover.  The feeling of distended, 
engorged, nipples was more pleasurable than having them clamped.  The 
enhanced blood flow made the nipples more sensitive, more arousing.

But...

Labia, a different sensation.  A sensation that could not be eased, 
countered, by the gentler pressure applied to  tits and nipples.

The water continued to flow.

The pail continued to fill.

Karen bit her lip to contain her pain, her discomfort, tried to focus on the 
pleasure center of her right nipple.

Lisa felt her eyes fill with tears, unable to feel the pleasure, the arousal 
in her left nipple.

The water continued to flow.

The pail continued to fill.

Karen clenched her fists, bit her lip even harder.

Lisa could stand it no more

'Pllease, pleeeeeaaaaaasssssseeeeee.  Missssssssssss!'

Agnes stood up, having expected Lisa to be the first to weaken, to submit.  
'Yes, my dear, you have a request?'

The water continued to flow, the weight increasing, as she walked over to 
the suffering girls.

'Miss, please Miss Agnes, stop now, I can't stand it any more!'

'You have had enough then?'

The water continued to flow, the weight increasing.

'Miss Agnes, I'm begging you, please, please stop, I beg you, please.'  Lisa 
was suffering as the weight increased.

'Oh well,' Agnes looked disappointed, ' I suppose I'll have to stop now.  
Karl, my friend, would you come over and unhook the pail.'

Karl, happy to be involved, carefully removed the pail, and took it away to 
empty, as Agnes first released the clip from Karen, and finally, as a last 
act of spite, pulled it from Lisa.

'T--t-thank you M-Miss A-Agnes, thank you'  Lisa sobbed her relief.

'I suppose you both want your tits free too?'  Agnes felt generous now that 
she had seen some genuine suffering, now that she had forced Lisa to beg.  
The girls nodded and pleaded together for release.  Agnes, with a show of 
reluctance turned off the pump.  She carefully removed the glass jars from 
each tit and placed them on the floor. Then she spent pleasurable moments 
rubbing and teasing the still swollen tits, paying especial attention to the 
heavily distended, engorged and reddened nipples.  Attention that brought 
sighs and gasps of pleasure from both girls.  Attention that aroused them 
yet again despite the torments so recently endured.

'Karl, may I ask you to release the sluts now, and, Greta, will you decide 
what you wish us to do next.'



Greta looked slowly around the group.  'Now I have a problem.  I did think 
that we would invite Wendy to display her goods next, but I'm having second 
thoughts now.  I suggest, with Lucy's permission of course, that we put 
slave Andy to the test.  He should have had plenty of time to learn his role 
now, after all.  Agreed?'

She looked around the room for signs of dissent.

'Good!  Now what I propose is this.  Slave Lisa has shown her willingness to 
help Wendy later.  I suppose we would agree with that.'

'Willing?  Perhaps weakness would be a better word.' Agnes was quite 
indignant, resenting any implied criticism of her performance.

'Sorry, my dear, no offence intended of course, I was speaking, shall we 
say, metaphorically.  No, I thought that we should allow Wendy to take her 
off and prepare her so that we can have a flawless performance later.  In 
the meantime, I know that slave Karen is adaptable and I have thought of a 
novel use for her when we put her ex-boyfriend through his paces.'

Karen looked startled.

'No worries my dear, you'll be resting most of the time, you only have 
passive role next.  One I am certain you will enjoy, that we will all 
enjoy!'



Greta, hearing no objections, picked up the house phone and called for Ken.

As he entered Ken stood, still wearing his loincloth, waiting for 
instructions.  Agnes looked him over, mentally comparing him with her own 
house slave, and looked back at Agnes.  'Hmmmm, it could well be an 
interesting competition, we must sort out our ideas soon, something to look 
forward to I'm sure.'

Greta laughed as she saw Ken's puzzled face.  'Nothing to worry about, Miss 
Agnes wants to put you and slave Peter into competition to see who is the 
best, the best, shall we say, performer.  No competition, as she will see!  
She doesn't know you like I do!'  she stared intently at the embarrassed Ken 
as her husband looked quizzically across at her.

'Release the girls please.  Slave Lisa will be leaving us for a while for 
Miss Wendy to prepare her, and you will assist as necessary.  When you have 
released her, take slave Karen for  a quick shower and bring her straight 
back here.  You can then assist Miss Wendy, just make sure that you do 
everything she asks.'

'As you order, Mistress.'  Ken stood with his head bowed.  'Mistress, I have 
to tell you that I have prepared slave Andy as you requested, he is now in a 
high state of readiness.  Shall I bring him to you yet?'

'No, get slave Karen ready and we will prepare her first.  I've decided on a 
small but intimate role for her, and I want her to be ready before we put 
slave Andy to the test.  Miss Marie will come and see you shortly and 
confirm the finer details.'





End of Part 33


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 34 - Preparation



As Ken walked from the room Greta turned to her husband, reclining casually in
his chair.  'Come my dear, you have work to do.  Now!'

'My dear?', Karl was puzzled at her sharp attitude, and wondered if, and indeed,
how, he could have offended her.  'What is you desire my sweetness?'

'Just get that frame set up for me will you, I want to place slut Karen on it
for a time now.'  Greta gestured across to the gleaming tubular metal
contrivance which Karen had so lovingly slavered over a few days previously. She
could see a novel use for it in her little demonstration and it made sense to
show all of her friends how inventive she could be.

'Bring it over towards us here, will you my dear and set it in the upright
position for now.'  She nodded approvingly as Karl adjusted the machine by the
remote control.  'Now set up that chair just in front of it, just about an arms
length away from it.'


Karl moved over a spare chair, a hard wooden chair that none of the guests
favored, and placed it in position.

'Good, that will do for now, thank you my dear.'  Greta smiled at her husband,
smiled with her mouth but not her eyes, a subtle distinction that Karl did not
detect.  She leaned over and picked up the house phone to instruct Ken to bring
Karen back into the room.

A few moments later the door opened and a naked Karen padded in followed by Ken,
still in his brief loin cloth.  Karen looked flushed and her hair was still
slightly damp, evidently having had a refreshing hot shower.

'Is she nicely cleaned up for us?'  Greta called across to Ken.

'Yes Mistress, I supervised slave Lisa while she washed her and prepared her,
just as you would expect.'

'Excellent!'  Greta responded, thinking as she did do, that she was making a
habit of using that word, but, then it was a response that brought out the best
in her slaves, so why worry.  'Excellent indeed!  Bring her across now.'

Karen walked cautiously towards the contraption and stood nervously to one side.

'Nothing to worry about my dear, nothing at all.  You are going to have a nice
rest and let someone else do all of the work.  Just stand in front and let slave
Ken strap you on to our little device.'

Karen moved obediently in front of the machine and adjusted her legs a little
further apart so that Ken could strap each ankle to the appropriate metal tube. 
Once her bare ankles were fixed she raised her arms and let him strap her wrists
to the upper part of the machine.  She stood expectantly as Ken fixed a wide
leather strap around her waist holding her firmly in position before, as a final
refinement, he placed a soft leather collar around her neck.  Karen was now
fixed firmly to the contraption, with her head fixed, preventing her from
looking in any direction other than forward.

'Well done, you have learned your lessons well my dear.  Just wait while we make
you more comfortable.'  With that Greta stood up and picked up the remote
control device from the floor.  With a few deft movements she brought the lower
members forward until Karen's legs were almost parallel to the floor.  After
looking approvingly at her naked form, a few more adjustments made the whole
device tip slightly backwards into a gentle reclining position.

'Hmmmmmm, nearly there I think.  I trust you are still comfortable my dear?'
Greta smiled gently at Karen, a smile noticeably more intense, more genuine,
than the one she had favored her husband with earlier.

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.'  Karen spoke quietly, looking directly into
Greta's eyes.

'Good.'  Greta made a few more adjustments to the posture so that the tubes made
Karen's legs bend slightly at the knees, so that, in profile at least, Karen
looked as if she were sitting comfortably in a normal chair, rather than in a
chair that both held her firmly and fully exposed in every direction. Greta
walked in front of the recumbent body and looked longingly at the smooth shaven
area between Karen's thighs.  'Ahhhhh!  Of course!  Just the final touch and
we're all finished I think.'  With that Greta made a few more presses on the
remote control adjusting the device so that Karen's legs were moved further
apart.  Widely apart, exposing fully her smooth labia.

'How does that feel now?'

Karen murmured her approval, her eyes staring at the ceiling.

'Oh, how silly of me, you need to look at me properly.  Let me adjust your head
now.'  As she spoke she made a small adjustment so that the pad supporting
Karen's head tilted forward ensuring that Karen could now look down the length
of her naked body and directly at Greta.

'There you are, everybody, slave Karen is in position.  What do you think so
far?'

The men in the group looked longingly at the naked exposed body, held, it
seemed, completely open ad ready for their attention, while the women, for
different reasons looked and approved of the way she was held.  Defenceless.
Helpless.  Exposed.

Marie stood up and moved the wooden chair forwards slightly so that it was
placed centrally between Karen's naked widespread legs.  'Yes, Greta, you have
made a good job here I must admit.  She is totally helpless, totally exposed but
at the same time she is quite comfortable.'  Marie looked across at her husband
who nodded his agreement.  'Yes I like it, she is nicely constrained but not
being punished, a nice touch really.'

'Thank you my dear, I appreciate your remarks.  I'm glad you approve, but I must
say that I did wonder if I should have been more severe, even though she is
being used to provide pleasure to us all here.'

'Not a problem Greta.'  Jeff called across,  'Time enough to be severe when we
want to punish her, and in any case, I'm sure she will react nicely to being
held like that.'

'Oh, she will, she will, never fear.'  Greta smiled broadly and looked at Marie. 
'Shall we move on to stage two now?'



'Of course!'  Marie stood up once more and touched the still kneeling Alix on
the shoulder.  For the first time Alix looked up at her Mistress and then across
to the sight of the naked widespread Karen firmly fixed to her restraints.  She
stared open-mouthed at the way Karen had been lewdly arranged.

'Well done, you have trained her well!'  Agnes could not resist a comment.  'I
have been watching her closely and not once did she lift her head or attempt to
see what was going on around her.'

'Thanks for the compliment.  I do feel sometimes that the best form of restraint
is actually no restraint.  I know it sounds a little odd but sometimes restraint
can be just as effective in the mind as on the person.  You all saw how slave
Alix behaved.'

'True indeed, true indeed!'  Greta joined the conversation. 'You'll see another
demonstration of that soon when we bring slave Andy in here later.  But, sorry
Marie, please carry on '

'Thanks, come here Alix, I want you to sit in this chair.'

Alix stood up and walked slowly across to the wooden chair placed between
Karen's legs.  She looked nervously at the sight of Karen's smoothness, already
showing signs of moisture, as she settled in the chair.  Marie moved to stand
beside her and gave her instructions in a low whisper.  No one in the room, not
even Karen who was closest, could understand what was said.  Karen stared
intently, aware that whatever was being discussed was inevitably going to
involve her in some way.  Around the room the guests leaned forward in their
chairs eager to know just what was being planned.  All of them except Greta, who
was fully aware, indeed, had refined the plan with Marie earlier.  She merely
leant back in her chair and admired her unimpeded view of Karen, open and
available.

Marie finally stood up.  'Understand?'  She spoke in a normal voice.

'Yes Mistress, I will do my best to please you.'  Alix looked up at Marie and
then across to Karen.

'Good, just wait until I give the word.'  Marie turned and returned to her seat,
making herself comfortable.  She looked across at Greta who nodded slightly.

'Begin!'



Alix wriggled nervously on the smooth wooden seat and eased herself forward. She
lifted her right leg and extended it towards Karen.  Towards Karen's glistening
labia.  As she extended her leg she adjusted her position slightly so that her
toe brushed lightly against the smooth moist flesh.  Karen, her head held firmly
in position, could not avoid looking at the bare foot, the naked toes, moved
towards her unprotected labia, towards the hardening bud of her clitoris as it
eased its way between the soft folds of smooth moist flesh. She shuddered
involuntarily at the first touch of the bare big toe on her sensitive flesh.

'Stop!'  Marie called across.  'You will have to move the chair slightly so that
you can reach properly.'

Alix looked over her shoulder and nodded.  She stood up and moved the chair
forward a few inches before she resumed her position.

'Continue!'



Again she lifted her leg and allowed her bare painted toes to brush against
Karen's rapidly moistening flesh.

From her position Karen had a perfect view as Alix lifted her leg.  A view which
Karen found totally erotic.  A view of a bare foot, a smooth bare sole, moving
towards her most sensitive flesh.  A smooth bare toe gently rubbing her hardened
clitoris and pressing firmly against it.  Despite being firmly strapped into
position, she still made a desperate struggle to ease herself forward, to thrust
her wetness against the probing bare foot.  Sensing her desperation Alix,
mindful of her earlier instructions, gently teased Karen, brushing her bare toe
along the wet slit, between the engorged labia and then removed it exposing the
smooth bare sole to Karen's fascinated gaze.

Karen looked pleadingly at Alix who smiled slightly as she changed her position
and brought her other foot, her other bare foot, up to tease the warm slick
flesh.

'Please........'  Karen couldn't help herself, and, afraid of being punished,
looked across at Greta.

'No my dear, don't worry about us, we all want you to enjoy yourself.  We want
to see and hear you enjoying yourself.'



Karen looked gratefully at her Mistress before she stared back at Alix.
'Please..... please.....'

Alix pushed her tongue between her teeth teasingly before she murmured.  'What? 
What's the matter?'

'Please, don't stop, it feels so good.'

'What does, tell me and perhaps I can help.'  Alix smiled at Karen as she
realised that everything was happening just as Marie had whispered to her
earlier.

'Please, keep rubbing me, just like that, it feels so good.'

'Like that?'  Alix raised her right leg again and probed between the wet labia
with her big toe.

'Oh god.....yes.......'  Karen was showing more signs of arousal, her voice
thickening and her already large nipples erecting noticeably.
'More...please....more...'

Alix was beginning to enjoy the sensation of probing a wet and willing cunt with
her bare toes.  It was a pleasure that until a few brief minutes ago she had
never even thought about.  A pleasure that she could never have imagined. The
feeling of having a naked, an attractive naked, girl enjoying being probed by
her bare toes was beginning to arouse her as well, making her own juices flow. 
Despite being watched, despite her normal modesty, she could not resist lifting
one hand to her left tit and fondling the nipple.  The erect nipple. Not as
large, or as dark, as Karen's but a nipple engorged and aroused.  It was a
feeling that was incredibly sensual, and, in response she began to probe more
urgently with her toes as the juices began to flow copiously from Karen's
sensitive cunt.

'Oh god, more more more more......'  Karen was getting nearer to an orgasm, an
orgasm she had never herself thought possible just by being stimulated by a bare
toe, a bare foot.  Although she had always had a deep and satisfying foot
fetish, although she had always found the sight of a bare female foot, or a
female foot shod in erotic shoes intensely erotic, she had never really
considered having what could only be describes as a toe fuck before.  Fingering
herself, fingering other girls, then yes.  Wonderfully exciting.  Fisting
herself, being fisted, fisting others, again another wonderful pleasure.  As for
feet, smooth bare feet, smooth soft soled bare feet, a pleasure she had only
previously explored by stroking and kissing. Stroking toes.  Licking toes.
Licking between toes.  Sucking toes.  Especially sucking toes. But this!  Being
stroked by bare toes.  Having her clitoris rubbed by bare toes.  This was a new
sensation.

Greta smiled happily.  Karen was getting even more deeply enmeshed in her own
sexuality.  Even better, it seemed that both she and Alix were new to the
experience of toe fucking.  The sight of the probing red painted toe teasing and
rubbing between Karen's wet and swollen labia was intensely arousing. Incredibly
arousing.  More arousing than even she had thought possible.  As she stared at
the two girls enjoying new-found pleasures she mentally willed the slender naked
Alix to further heights of stimulation.

Almost as if sensing Greta's thoughts, Alix lifted her other leg and began to
use both bare feet to stimulate Karen.  Carefully, she used each big toe to
separate Karen's slick, swollen labia, exposing the bulging clitoris and the
wetly inviting slit below.  Karen gasped with pleasure and tensed her muscles in
reaction to the intense stimulation.

'Stop!'  As Alix explored the smooth wet flesh Agnes stood up and, looking at
Greta, walked over to the spread-eagled naked Karen.

'Does anyone object if I offer a small improvement to our entertainment?'

Greta smiled slightly, annoyed that her visual pleasures were being interrupted. 
'Well, not if Marie doesn't mind.  After all it really is her little effort
after all.' Greta looked quizzically across at Marie.  'My dear, have you any
objection?'

'No, I don't think so, but that does rather depend on what Agnes has in mind.'
Marie stared at Agnes. 'Well, can you explain?'

'It's only a very small refinement, my friend, and it does nothing to stop your
delightful slave carrying out her instructions.  You see, I couldn't help
noticing one or two things about the slut Karen.'  Agnes paused and reached out
to Karen's painfully swollen nipples.  'Look at these delightful buds, they tell
us so much about her feelings, don't you think.  So hard, so firm and s-o-o-o-o
sensitive too.'  As she spoke Agnes pulled Karen's nipples simultaneously,
digging her nails into the sensitive roots and tugging them as hard as she
could.

'P-p-please Miss, you're hurting me so much.'  Karen's eyes watered with the
unexpected pain inflicted on her swollen nubbins.

'Nonsense, you know you like it.  A lot.'  Agnes released the reddened flesh and
turned to Marie.  'Didn't you notice how she tries to get the maximum pleasure
from your slaves sweet painted toes?'

Marie nodded.

'Well, did you notice that as she gets more excited by the caresses she tries to
curl her toes in pleasure.  As we all do in such circumstances of course!' Agnes
smiled broadly.  'Well, why not use her reflexes to help her punish herself? 
May I?'  Agnes walked over to the well equipped shelves at the side of the room.

Walking back she brandished a pair of small serrated nipple clamps and a couple
of lengths of thin leather thonging.  'Just watch and see what I'm going to do. 
If anyone objects then I'll stop of course.'

Karen flickered her gaze into Agnes' eyes.  'Oh no, not you my dear, you'll do
whatever we tell you and put up with the consequences.'  Agnes brought her face
near to Karen's and flicked her tongue at her.

Greta moved to the edge of her seat to see exactly what was intended.  She was
well aware that Karen belonged to her and she was not entirely happy with anyone
else, not even one of her dearest friends, taking over her training, her
punishment, her torment.

Agnes carefully applied the clamps to each of Karen's swollen nipples, adjusting
them with sliding collars so that the gripped each nipples firmly, without
excessive pressure, relying on the serrated inner pads to ensure that they could
not easily be pulled off the sensitive flesh.

'Now, here's the clever bit!'  Agnes smiled as she began to tie one of the
leather thongs around Karen's right big toe, taking several turns around the
base of the toe before tying a neat knot.  Testing the bond by tugging none to
gently Agnes moved with the other end to Karen's right nipple, lifting the clamp
and passing the thong through the looped end.  As she did so she began to pull
the thong tighter, causing Karen's nipple to extend.  Realising that she could
ease the tension to some extent Karen raised her foot as far as she could within
the constraints of her tightly strapped ankle.

Agnes looked at Karen's arched foot and smiled.  'Good girl, exactly as I
wanted.'  She patted Karen's head.  'Now I can tie it - just so.'  With Karen's
foot arched upwards she tied the leather thong neatly to the nipple clamp.

Checking her handiwork Agnes repeated the process with Karen's left foot, tying
the big toe tightly before fixing it to the other nipple clamp.

Karen remained in her restraints, her nipples now firmly clamped and secured by
thin thongs to each big toe, her bare feet arched upwards.

'Now my dear, let's see what happens when Marie's little slave continues to work
on your wetness, let's see if you can resist your impulses this time.' Agnes
looked back at Greta and the Marie, both of whom nodded their approval. 'Go on,
little slut, work on her cunt again and try and make her cum!'  Agnes bent over
and whispered in Alix' ear as she walked past.

'Do as she says, at once!'  Marie tried to reassert herself over her slave,
feeling irritated that Agnes had attempted to take over her control.



Alix took a few brief moments to regain her concentration, feeling quite
frustrated that her own pleasures, and those of Karen, had been so abruptly
interrupted.  She lifted her legs once more and allowed her long, red painted
toes to explore the wet crease that glistened before her.  Karen sighed with
pleasure as she felt the intimate caresses and felt the pulse beating in her
temples as the flush of arousal descended upon her.  Despite herself she began
to straighten her arched feet, to curl her toes in response to the pleasure she
was receiving.  Inevitably as she flexed her bare feet the tension on her
nipples increased, stretching them, lengthening them, tormenting them.  Despite
the insistent pleasures of Alix' bare toes, despite her increasing arousal,
Karen struggled to control her pleasure reflex, struggled to avoid increasing
the torment on her sensitive nipples.

Slowly, Alix sensed she was beginning to take control of Karen's emotions,,
beginning to lead her towards an inevitable orgasm.  Tentatively she gently, so
gently, slid one painted toe inside Karen's beckoning wetness, inside Karen's
engorged and aroused cunt.  Karen gave a sharp intake of breath as she felt the
soft, insistent intrusion.  Again she flexed her bare feet, her bare toes, and
again she tormented her own nipples in the process.  This time the pain of the
nipple clamps was matched by the increasing pleasure she felt around and inside
her copiously flowing cunt, between her slick and engorged labia.  Despite
herself, she maintained, and then increased, the tension on her clamped nipples.

Alix was watching Karen's contortions, her grimaces of pain and pleasure
closely.  As Karen began to slide towards her orgasm Alix, with a final,
tormenting wiggle of her painted toe, withdrew from the warm wet velvety folds
of Karen's clutching, tensing, cunt.   Aware of the denial Karen opened her eyes
and started at Alix.  'Please, please, please.  Don't stop! Make me cum! Let me
cum.  Please. Begging you, please.'

The watching group sensed the impending orgasm and as Greta wriggled on her
seat, as she crossed her legs and flexed her thighs in a surreptitious attempt
to stimulate herself, Alix once more returned her toes to the inviting wetness. 
This time she immediately intruded her toe into Karen, into the wet cavern that
seemed to be sucking her foot into it.  Karen closed her eyes in ecstasy, in
pleasure as she felt Alix insert, first her big toe, and then, incredibly, her
second, her third toe into her waiting, desperate, cunt.

'Ohmigod, ohmigod!'  Karen screamed almost in her spasms.  'Go on, do it, push
harder, please please!'

Alix paused and looked over her shoulder at Marie, who herself was flushing and
feeling an increasing wetness between her thighs.  'Mistress?'  Shall I do as
she asks?'

Huskily, her voice thick with emotion, Marie murmured, 'Yes, fuck her, foot fuck
her now!  Make the bitch scream and beg to cum.  Do it!  Now!'

Alix responded immediately.  With her naked, bare, soft, smooth right foot she
began again her assault on Karen's outstretched cunt.  Began again to insinuate
her smooth painted toes into the welcoming wet flesh.

'Ohmigod!  More!  Deeper!'  Karen began begging for release, her own bare feet
flexing, her own toes curling with pleasure even as the increased tension on the
thin leather thongs created an insistent tug on her already distended nipples.

Smiling to herself at her success in arousing Karen to a near screaming orgasm,
Alix gently moved her left foot so that the toe, the painted big toe, could
gently rub over Karen's swollen clitoris.

'Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh.  Noooooooooooooooo!   Yesssssssssssssss!'  Karen was
incoherent now with her orgasm building and exploding within her, her whole
body, it seemed, pulsing with the combined sensations she was feeling.  The
incredible eroticism of having her wetness, her swollen cunt flesh, being
stimulated, tormented, by bare toes, stretched by bare toes.  The pain of her
swollen sensitive nipples being extended, being pulled and stretched by her own
efforts, by her own feet, her own toes.

'Yesssssss!  It's cumming, it's cumming, nowwwwwww.'  Karen tensed as much as
she could within her bonds, her fingers clenching and unclenching above her
head, her pulse pounding in her temples as her bound toes, her arched feet,
flexed and inflicted the special pleasures on her nipples, even as Alix gently
masturbated her swollen clitoris with her toe.

'Yesssssssssssssss!    Ohmigoddddddddddddd!  Yessssssssssssss!'  Karen screamed
her release, as her eyes rolled back in her head.  The tremendous orgasm finally
burst inside her, and she was totally lost within it, within the incredible
pleasures.



Slowly Alix withdrew her bare foot from Karen's flooding cunt.

'Stay!'  Greta spoke sharply.  'Stay as you are!'

Confused by the command Alix stopped and rested both feet, both soft smooth
soles, against the slick wet swollen flesh.  She could feel the blood pulsing
through Karen's veins as she waited for further instructions.

Karen became slowly aware of the change in sensation and uncomprehendingly heard
Greta continue to speak.

'Mistress Marie and I want you to keep your bare feet pressed into slave Karen's
cunt, pressed into the wetness.  We want you to feel the juices on your soles,
on your feet, between your toes.  Especially between your toes!'

Greta looked triumphantly at Marie.  'Now?'

'Yes my dear friend, I think the time has arrived!'

Greta nodded her head and picked up the house phone from the table beside her.





End of Part 34


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.


Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 35 - Humiliation



'Is he ready?'  Greta murmured quietly as Ken listened at the other end.  
'Have you prepared him properly?'

Ken gave Greta the information she wanted and waited for further 
instructions.

'I believe everybody is ready to see something rather unusual now!'  Greta 
held her hand over the mouthpiece and addressed the group at large.  Seeing 
the nods of approval she spoke again to Ken.  'Five minutes and you may 
enter.'

Putting the phone down Greta looked at the still sweating, panting Karen, 
even now in the throes of her last tremendous orgasm.

Looking at Marie she suggested she make sure that Alix' bare feet, her bare 
toes, were liberally coated with Karen's slick juices, before asking Karl to 
move the metal chair away, keeping Karen in her recumbent position.  'Move 
it back four or five feet, my dear, I want plenty of room between the two 
sluts.'

Karl nodded and, none to gently, pulled the device back across the floor, 
giving Karen some involuntary jerks on her clamped nipples.  'My dear, 
should I undo those clips now?'

'Certainly not, slave Karen loves to play with her nipples so why should we 
discourage her now while she is still so excited.'

Satisfied with the arrangements Greta stood up and looked expectantly at the 
door leading from the slave quarters.



A gentle tap.

'Come in, present him to us.'

Alix sat still in her chair, not daring to look over her shoulder, but Karen 
had a clear view of the doorway.

Ken walked in leading a naked figure behind him by a thin thong clipped to a 
wide leather collar.

After he brought the naked male before Greta he stood to one side awaiting 
further instructions.  Karen watched every move wide eyed as she recognised 
the newcomer.  Despite wearing a leather half mask over his eyes and nose 
she still recognised her lover, her former lover, she corrected herself.  
Andy was standing in front of the group unaware of who or how many were 
present, naked apart from some minor items.  Apart from the leather mask, 
which was clearly pulled tightly and locked around his head, his wrists were 
cuffed and locked to a long metal chain, which in turn was locked to a loop 
in the center of his collar.  Looking carefully Karen could see that the 
length of the chain was subtly adjusted so that, whilst he could raise his 
hands quite freely, he could not lower them below his waist.  Whatever 
posture he adopted he would not be able to reach his genitals.

As Karen was slowly taking in the predicament that Andy had found for 
himself, the others in the room were more interested in his final adornment.

Greta smiled happily at the chorus of approval, taking particular pride as 
Agnes praised her novel form of restraint.

'That really is a first class idea.  Most impressive!'  Agnes looked at Ron 
and smiled broadly.  'We'll have to try that at home you know, and see if 
you like how it feels!'

Ron looked worried.  'B-but, my dear, surely such things are only for slaves 
to wear.'

'Nonsense, you know we never do anything to others without trying it out 
ourselves.  Anyway, I'm quite sure you'll like it, before we fit one to 
slave Peter.'



Half listening to the conversation, Karen focused her gaze on Andy's lower 
regions.

His cock was partly erect, standing proud of his body although hanging a 
little below the horizontal.  Certainly more aroused than it would normally 
have been.  And, she thought, it looked suspiciously reddened, as if it had 
been used or punished in some way.  Then she realised that, whatever else 
Andy had been doing in the very recent past, he had certainly either been, 
or had himself, masturbated.  The sighs of arousal, the signs of friction 
were easily recognisable to her experienced eye.

What she did not know, what the others in the room did not know, was that 
for the past hour or so, Ken had been working on Andy's cock.  Using either 
a full fist, or just thumb and forefinger, he had been teasing Andy into 
full erection.  Masturbated him almost to orgasm before stopping and waiting 
for the erection, the tension, to die down. Then he had started again.  Andy 
had endured almost a dozen near ejaculations but, each time, Ken had stopped 
just as he was on the brink, on the very edge.  The redness was easily 
explained by the fact that just a few short minutes before Andy had been led 
into the room, Ken had held the base of Andy's penis tightly between finger 
and thumb of his left hand, and had then concentrated on squeezing and 
rubbing the swollen glans with the finger and thumb of his right hand, using 
only the gentle flow pre-cum as a lubricant against the friction on Andy's 
most sensitive flesh.  Andy had been literally at the point of exploding, of 
spurting his cum wildly just as Greta had called Ken and bade him enter.  On 
the way in to the dungeon Ken had prolonged Andy's torment by casual 
flicking his semi-erect cock as it swayed in front of him, even as they 
waited at the door for permission to enter.

But, more even than the tumescent cock pointing lewdly forward, Karen was 
taken by the appearance of a shining steel ring, apparently clamped around 
his scrotum, between the root of his penis and his testicles.  A steel ring 
that was obviously quite heavy, judging by the way it was stretching his sac 
downwards and pressing down on his inflated balls.  A ring that was around 
three inches in diameter and at least one inch deep.  Looking at it Karen 
estimated that the ring must weigh at least a pound, or perhaps a little 
more, even allowing for the open centre.  It seemed to be comprised of two 
semicircular rings placed around Andy's sac and then fixed to each other 
with two carefully recessed bolts.

Clearly he was not going to be able to remove the device in a hurry, if at 
all, without access to the appropriate tool.



Greta motioned Ken to present Andy to each member of the group in turn so 
that they could admire this novel restraint.  When they finally stood in 
front of Lucy, she, unabashed, reached forward and hefted the ring in her 
hand.

'Hmmmmm, quite heavy!  I like it!'  She smiled at her husband as she 
released the weight.  'What do you think of that?'

As the weight dropped even the short distance, the sudden pressure, the 
sudden impact on his swollen testicles, made Andy gasp with pain.  As he did 
so Jeff tried the weight for himself.

'Yesssss, not bad, perhaps a little too light for true punishment.'

Greta smirked.  'Of course it is but I do have another one ready for him 
later, twice as heavy.  Perhaps you would like the chance to fix it for me 
later.'

'No, he won't, but I certainly would love to do that.'  Lucy reached forward 
and again hefted and released the weight, making Andy gasp more loudly.

'Enough, enough!'  Greta stood up.  'Time for some fun later but now slave 
Andy has a job to do.  Slave Ken put him in his place please.'

Ken pulled the naked Andy forward until he was stood between Alix' 
widespread naked legs.  Pressing on his should he urged him on to his knees.

Greta nodded and looked at Marie.  'Would you like to continue for us now my 
dear?'

'Thank you so much.'  Marie stood and walked over to the naked Alix, head 
still downcast in humility and obedience.  'Now, lift your foot towards him 
so that he can hold it.'

Alix raised one foot towards Andy's chained wrists, brushing lightly against 
the back of his hand.  Sensing the presence despite his blindfold, and 
listening to Marie's instructions Andy fumbled around until his hand held 
the smooth round bare heel.

'Lick it clean, lick them both clean.  Now!'  Marie spoke sharply.

Andy raised his hand and lifted the naked foot to his mouth.  He tentatively 
probed with his tongue and touched the top of the foot.  Slowly be moved his 
probing tongue towards the toes, seeking out the sensitive, and to him, 
highly erotic, cleavage between the toes.

As he began his oral caresses the onlookers could not fail to notice that 
his cock, still semi erect, began to stiffen and swell towards a more 
upright position.

Eagerly licking and sucking the naked toes Andy could detect not only the 
sweet scented flesh but an additional musky taste.  A taste which, at first 
instant, he could not quite place.  A taste which he then recognised as the 
musky essence of an aroused and lubricated cunt.  His mind whirled as he 
considered how the naked toes he was paying homage to could have been coated 
in the slippery juices.

As the realisation dawned on him, the possibility that the same toes that he 
was now  sucking so avidly had recently been exploring an aroused and fully 
lubricated cunt, the arousal he was feeling from his oral pleasures 
intensified.

The onlookers, Alix and Karen included could see his erect cock jerk and 
throb as the erection swelled visibly.  The exposed glans expanded until the 
reddened skin took on the glazed appearance possible only when the sensitive 
skin was fully stretched.

Karen looked approvingly and longingly at the swollen throbbing phallus that 
had been so familiar to her only a few short days ago.  Despite her recent 
and prolonged orgasms at the feet of Alix she felt yet more arousal as she 
watched the blindfolded Andy continue to lave both smooth bare feet, 
savoring the sweet flesh and the musky fluids so recently excreted.

The whole group in the dungeon watched enthralled as Andy continued his 
ministrations to each bare foot in turn, watched as he caressed each smooth 
bare heel and soft sole before he slipped his tongue between each toe.  
Watched as his erection seemed to increase in intensity.

As he continued to lick and suck the bare feet, from heel to toe, from toe 
to toe, from toe to heel, Karen felt herself desperate for some relief of 
her own arousal.  She began to flex her toes and pull the clips still 
attached to each of her swollen nipples.



Greta was keeping an eye on Karen in particular, suspecting that she would 
find the spectacle, the humiliation , of her former lover, exciting and 
arousing.

'Enough!  I think slave Andy has done his duty for now.  Marie, dear friend, 
do you think that he has cleaned Alix' feet properly?'  Greta beamed 
encouragement at Alix as she spoke.

Alix responded by flexing her toes and brushing one bare sole across the end 
of Andy's smoothly swollen glans.  As she did so Andy stopped sucking and 
gasped in pleasure.

'Stop!  Enough Alix, he has more duties to perform now.'  Marie called 
across pleased at the performance and at the way her nubile slave had 
behaved.

Reluctantly Alix moved her legs, her bare feet, away from Andy's questing 
tongue.

Greta gestured to Ken.  'Move him over there, so that he can continue.'  As 
she spoke she indicated a spot between Karen's widespread and restrained 
legs, a spot near enough for the blindfolded Andy to reach the still swollen 
labia and clitoris with his tongue.  As he did so Greta looked Karen in the 
eye and motioned her to remain silent.



Ken pulled Andy to his feet and led him unseeingly towards Karen, his 
erection swaying as it pointed stiffly upwards.  Positioning him in the best 
position he again guided him to his knees and pushed his head forward until 
the unmistakable smell of an aroused woman assailed his nostrils.

Despite the restraint on her head Karen could look downwards and see the 
leather mask obscuring Andy's view, could see his probing tongue flicking 
between his open lips.  Despite the tightness of her bonds she attempted to 
wriggle downwards, to move her swollen labia on to his probing tongue.

'Go on, lick it, now!'  Greta was becoming impatient, anxious to see Karen 
enjoy, or endure, yet another orgasm.

Andy moved forward a fraction and felt his tongue brush against smooth 
engorged lubricated flesh.  Against a swollen and wet cunt.  Eagerly he 
began to quest and lick each labia, each smoothly swollen petal, before his 
tongue moved upwards to the bulging clitoris.

Feeling the tender caresses on her most sensitive flesh Karen began 
breathing more heavily, began flexing her toes to pull the clamps harder on 
to her nipples.

She began to gasp inarticulately as her orgasm built.

Sensing the imminent peak of the woman, invisible and unknown to him, he 
began to lick harder, to tease the swollen bud gently with his teeth before 
sucking urgently on it.  As he did so he desperately tried to reach his 
hands towards his throbbing cock, desperate to procure some relief for the 
massive erection that he had achieved.

Conscious of the beads of pre-cum on his glans he intensified his efforts on 
the bulging clitoris, making the naked female before him gasp and groan 
louder and louder.  Despite the pounding in his ears he began to suspect he 
knew who was reacting to his tongue.  Suspected the groans.  Suspected the 
almost familiar taste.  Suspected that, despite himself, he would soon 
ejaculate.  Ejaculate!  Ejaculate even without any direct stimulus.

Again, and with impeccable timing, Greta sensed his building climax.  While 
she had no desire to control either the climax or the number of climaxes 
that Karen could achieve, she was determined to extract the maximum 
humiliation from the naked and rampant Andy.

'Stop!'  Greta almost shouted.

Andy appeared not to hear her and continued his tonguing.

'Stop!  Perhaps you would rather fuck her now!'

Despite the pounding, despite his impending lack of control, Andy sensed 
that he had the chance to relieve the pressure in his sac, the weight on his 
scrotum, the tension in his balls.  He nodded and struggled to stand up.

'Help him, slave Ken!'  Greta smiled triumphantly across the room as the 
others watched in silent fascination.

Ken helped Andy to his feet and moved him forward until his erection was 
almost touching the engorged wet flesh before him.

'Guide his pitiful cock in to that cunt, if you please!'  Greta took delight 
in continuing to humiliate Andy.  'Mind you, looking at it, it might just 
get lost inside a real woman.   Perhaps we should let him use his fist 
instead!'

'Certainly Mistress.  Perhaps you would prefer that I worked on it again!'  
Ken smiled as he encircled the swollen phallus before him with two fingers 
and bent it downwards so that the glans just enter between the swollen 
labia.  He held the head of Andy's cock in position and looked across at 
Greta.

'No, I'm sure he'll be begging you to work on it soon!'  Greta smirked.  
'Let him have a little pleasure, a touch of female flesh, first!'

Andy tensed himself for the chance to thrust, to probe the depths of the hot 
wetness that was so near to him, eager to relieve the incredible tension 
that had been building for long, long minutes in his throbbing loins.

Greta nodded at Ken.  'Now!'

At her command Ken followed her earlier instructions and, holding the dark 
reddened glans against Karen's wet labia slowly began to masturbate Andy, 
delicately using only thumb and forefinger.

Andy tried to thrust forward, to bury his cock deep within the open cunt, 
but Ken countered his move and gave several more strokes up and down the 
rigid shaft, sensing the nearness of Andy's orgasm.

As he continued to stroke the swollen cock, as Andy desperately tried to 
enter the cunt, he felt the beginnings of an ejaculation.  Judging his 
stokes to perfection, as he pulled down on Andy's cock he pulled him 
slightly away from Karen's pulsing cunt.  As he did so Andy erupted and 
jetted thick streams of cream, tendrils of sticky cum, right in to the open 
mouth of Karen's cunt.

As she felt the hot fluid strike her sensitive labia, her swollen clitoris, 
she moaned in disappointment.  Even so, desperate as she was for 
penetration, the mere feeling of the hot jetting cum on her clitoris 
triggered off yet another orgasm.  She shuddered in pleasure, writhing in 
the heights of ecstasy but somehow, even then, slightly ashamed that she 
could reach such a fulfilling orgasm, such a satisfying cum, without any 
real contact between a swollen rigid cock and her soft velvety tunnel.

Greta looked around at her silent friends.  They were still entranced at the 
sight of Andy's copious ejaculation, and despite themselves, impressed with 
Greta's timing, her judgement in calling in Ken at precisely the right 
moment.  'Well now, did you all enjoy that?'

A chorus of approval, voices in most cases thickened with emotion, rang in 
her ears.

'Thank you, thank you!'  Greta stood up and walked over to the naked group.  
Ken was still gently teasing Andy's slowly subsiding cock, savoring the 
uncontrolled jerks as further short spurts continued.

'Time to let you see what you have done, I think!'  As she spoke Greta 
unfastened the catches and roughly removed the leather half mask from Andy's 
head.

As his eyes became accustomed to the light he could see exactly where he 
was, exactly what as going on around him.  Making no move to pull his cock 
from Ken's grasp he stared at the naked body strapped tightly to the frame 
before him.  Stared at the thin leather thongs tied between nipple clamps 
and toes.  Stared at the dark brown swollen nipples under the clamps.  
Stared at the red swollen cum coated labia.  Stared at the bound and 
helpless female.

Karen!

Andy, even though he begun to suspect that it was she who he was tormenting 
was nevertheless still surprised as he looked directly into the eyes.

'Ohmigod!  Karen, Karen, what have we done?'

'Shut up, you foolish man!  You have done exactly what we wanted, exactly 
what I wanted.  No more and no less.  I hope you enjoyed yourself.'  Greta 
spoke sternly with no obvious emotion.  'Well?'

'Yes Mistress Greta, than you Mistress Greta!'  Andy realised his true place 
in this group.  'Did I please you Mistress?'

'Hmmmmmmm.  Yes, I think so.  Are we all agreed?'  Greta looked at her 
friends.

Nodes of approval were interrupted as Agnes called out.  'Well, you know, he 
did quite well, and we did enjoy his pitiful efforts to enter his girl 
friends cunt, but, and I'm sure you'll all agree, the only prize a slave 
needs is our personal attention.'

Greta sensed where she was leading and nodded.

'Yes, he did quite well, but the next time he will do even better, if we 
encourage him!'  Agnes smiled happily.  'I suggest that later we strap him 
to the saltire, or wherever else takes our fancy, and give him some 
encouragement. A gentle strapping perhaps.  The cane perhaps.  Or both!'

This time the group sitting across the room murmured a very positive 
approval.

Greta stood up.  'Excellent, we are agreed, as we always are.  I suggest we 
have a break for an hour or so and let the wretch ponder his fate.  Ken, 
take him to the corner and chain him to the wall, perhaps his clamp will 
hang a little lower, a little heavier, now that his balls have been 
emptied.'

'Yes Mistress.'  Ken smiled happily as he thought of the torment that must 
even now be going through Andy's head.

'Oh, I almost forgot, once you have done that you may release slave Karen 
and returned her to her cell. Tell slave Lisa that I want her properly 
cleaned and pampered.  I suggest that a long cold shower would be a good 
thing too!'

Ken looked at his Mistress.  'That will be our pleasure.  It will be as you 
wish.'  With that he began to position the hapless Andy against the far wall 
of the dungeon.

'Now everybody', Greta addressed the group, ' I suggest we take some 
refreshment while slave Ken deals with our guests.   Marie, may I suggest 
that you allow Ken to take Alix with him to the cells so that she can be 
refreshed properly.'

'Please!  And give her a really cold shower, make her beg for it to stop.'

Ken looked across and nodded.  As he continued his tasks he reflected that 
even as a slave, he had some very special privileges.  More special than 
anyone except his Mistress realised.  Perhaps one day he would have a chance 
to prove his devotion to her by giving her husband some training.  Under her 
supervision.  As her slave.  But as her devoted and faithful slave.

'Ken, when you have finished, will you prepare the room for our final 
demonstration today.  You know what to do!'

'Yes Mistress!'





End of Part 35


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 36 - Getting Ready



Ken smiled happily as the group of guests left the dungeon.  Now that he was on
his own he could perhaps enjoy a few perks.  He looked across at Alix, still
sitting obediently in her chair, head bowed and legs slightly apart.

'You!'  He called to her.  'Stand up and stand by the side of slave Karen.  You
will help me in a few moments.'  He smiled again, thinking of just how she could
be helping him.

Andy was standing, ashamed of his failure to prevent his ejaculation over
Karen's widespread cunt, waiting for Ken to fix him in his position against the
wall.  Dutifully he raised his arms on Ken's command and waited while his wrists
were cuffed to two hanging chains.

'There we are, nothing for you to worry about after all!'  Ken smiled and lifted
Andy's face with a hand under his chin.  Looking into his eyes he continued
quietly.  'Never mind, after the Mistress has finished with you, you and I will
have some fun on our own.  You'll like that, won't you?'

Andy looked him in the eye and nodded miserably.  He knew that, whatever he
felt, if Ken wanted something, he would always get it, either on his own or with
the support of Mistress Greta.  Sadly, and conscious of the hanging weight
clamped around his scrotum, he knew that, despite his ordeals, despite his
humiliations, he really did enjoy his captivity.  Being able to fulfil all of
his deepest and long held fantasies allowed him to forget all of his worldly
worries, all of his everyday cares.  As long as his new Mistress and Master were
prepared to keep him he was happy to serve, happy to endure whatever torments
could be devised for him.

Satisfied with his work, Ken moved away, giving Andy's now limp cock a brief
flick.

He walked over to the angled restraining chair which still held Karen captive,
still held her exposed and vulnerable.

'You,' he addressed Alix standing quietly, 'you may remove the thongs from her
toes.  No need to be gentle so don't worry if you give her nipples a tug now and
again while you do it.'  As he spoke Ken gave one of the thongs a tug teasing
out her right nipple into an even more elongated state for a few brief, painful,
moments.

Alix set to work undoing the knots in the fine leather, knots which had become
tightened by Karen's exertions, her attempts to tug on her nipples when she was
being aroused earlier.  Finally, with both toes freed from their soft bonds, she
looked at Ken for further instructions.

'Good! Now you can take the clamps off her nipples, she'll love you doing that.'

Alix loosened both clamps and stared as Karen's eyes began to water with the
sensations returning to her abused nubbins.  Feeling a little guilty she went to
rub each nipple in an attempt to soothe them, but Ken stopped her.

'No, it is a rule here that only the Mistress can give permission for one female
to fondle another.  You'll get another chance soon, I dare say.'  He smiled to
himself.  'Sooner than you think!'

As he spoke he operated the controls to bring the chair upright and set the
restraints so that Karen approached a near standing position. Satisfied that she
would be able to stand with only the minimum of support he removed her posture
collar and, finally, the straps holding her to the padded frame.

Free at last Karen stood unsteadily on her feet and waited.

And waited.

Unwilling to move until she had been given permission, she was aware that Ken,
even though a slave here, did hold a privileged position.  She was unwilling to
offend him, and by so doing indirectly offend her Mistress, so she stood and
waited.  Her mind was aflame with thoughts and desires.  Like Andy, standing
alone against the wall, she too had felt that here, at last, she was fulfilling
her deepest fantasies, and, much more important for her, she was reliving some
of her earlier experiences.  Experiences of bondage, of restraint.  Experiences
of pain, of punishment.  Experiences of pleasure, intense pleasure.
Experiences this time without the underlying threats of the mindless violence
that her former husband had only barely held in check.



She was happy here.  She was fed. She was clothed, such as it was.  She was
rewarded with intense pleasure, with intense orgasms.

Especially intense orgasms!


Unlike her former boyfriend, she never thought of that relationship being
properly rekindled, she did enjoy her captivity but she did want to continue
with her professional life outside.  She wondered, as she swayed on her feet,
whether Mistress Greta would ever allow her to return to her work, her position
at the workplace owned and controlled by her and Master Karl.

Perhaps, she thought, it would be possible to combine some of her own technical
skills with the needs of her Mistress.  She was aware that something was being
planned, something which would definitely involve her and which was in some way,
as yet, unclear, some degree of technology.  She decided that a discreet waiting
game was best.  Perhaps when Mistress Greta took her to her bed for more sapphic
pleasures there would be an opportunity to discuss, to find out, her future
position, her future prospects.

'Come, you two, walk in front of me.'  Ken's words broke into her thoughts as
she moved side by side with Alix along the corridor down to the now familiar
surroundings of her own cell.

'You, slave Karen, wait there!'  Ken pushed her into the open door of her cell,
from where, through the barred wall between them, she could see a naked Lisa
lying on her bed waiting for instructions.

'Now, you, young Miss, you can come along here so that I can freshen you up a
little.'  Ken prodded Alix along towards the men's quarters, his heavy cock
swinging more thickly as he walked behind her and admired the rippling buttocks
of her finely muscled body.

'Stop!'

Alix stopped and waited.  Stopped and looked nervously around at her
surroundings.  Surroundings that appeared to consist primarily of a large tiled
room with both a large sunken bath and a large walk-in shower.

'Come over here and stand just....so!'  Andy pushed her into the shower stall
and bending down, pulled her bare legs apart.  'Stand still and do not move,
otherwise I'll have to chain you in position and Mistress Greta will be very
very angry, as, I'm sure, will your own Mistress.'

Alix stood still, her legs apart.  Without thinking, without being asked, she
automatically raised her hands and clasped them behind her head, the action
raising and presenting her small breasts to perfection.

'Well done! Your Mistress will be pleased when she looks at the video later.'

Alix looked puzzled.

'V-video?'

'Oh yes, of course.  You should always remember that here in the slave quarters,
everyone and everything is always videoed.  Always recorded on tape.
Whatever and whoever, Mistress Greta always knows what is going on!'

Smiling inwardly he felt it was unnecessary to tell her that there was no hiding
place, no blind spots away from the cameras.  That was a useful ploy when he was
attempting to further humiliate Andy, a ploy which Andy had never discovered,
happy as he was in his ignorance.  He would have a tremendous surprise one day,
perhaps one day soon, when Mistress Greta decided to release the tapes of his
earlier masturbation with shoes, with heels and his willingness to please Ken
with his mouth.  His willing mouth!

'Prepare yourself now, do not move until I tell you!'  Ken moved over to the
controls and turned the water on.

Cold water.

Very cold water.

Alix gasped as the icy needles hit against her bare flesh.  Unwittingly she
flinched.

'Hold!'  Ken increased the pressure.  'Your own Mistress ordered this so do as
you are told.  Otherwise I will not be responsible for your punishment.'

With this he further increased the pressure and, taking the head of the shower
on its long and flexible hose, he began to play the icy jets over Alix' naked
body.

Slowly and almost casually he played the jets over her back and up and down her
trembling legs.  Despite the temptation Alix maintained her stance, drawing a
nod of approval from Ken.  He was clearly enjoying his work as he began to
direct the fine spray up between the open legs, directing the needles over the
smooth shaven cunt.

As he did so, as he watched the pressure of the jets gently part the delicate
labia, labia slimmer and less pronounced than Karen's had been, he felt his
erection growing.

Pausing in his ministrations, he used one hand to gently stroke himself as he
redirected the spray across the small firm breasts and rosy tinted nipples.
The coldness of the water made them stand hard and proud but, despite the
coldness, he sensed that the stimulation of the sensitive buds was also having
an effect.

Alix flushed and gasped as the stimulation began to overcome the numbing feeling
of the icy spray.

Satisfied with her reaction Ken returned his attention to the smooth folds
between her legs.  Adjusting the spray to a finer degree he concentrated on the
delicate hooded clitoris.  Again, sensing Alix' arousal he fondled his swelling
cock with one hand as he played the jet over the sensitive nubbin.

Despite herself Alix could not resist peeking at the erection before her.

Peeking.

Looking.

Staring.

She had not realised how well endowed Ken was, until now she had only seem him
in a limp or barely tumescent condition.

Ken smiled.  Proud of his manhood, proud of the effect it had on any female, he
casually stroked it as he removed the icy jet from Alix' body.

'You like?'  Stroking it and exposing the swollen glans he stared at Alix.

Alix swallowed nervously.   'Y-y-yess.  N-no!'  In her confusion, despite the
coldness around her, she blushed prettily.

'Would you like me to fuck you now?'  Ken was brazen in his approach.

'Oh, er, no ....I don't know.'  Alix was embarrassed and aroused at the same
time.

'C'mon my little beauty, admit it.  A nice thick cock is just the thing to warm
you up!'  Ken continued stroking himself.

'But what would Mistress say?'

Ken smiled at her caution.  Little did she know it but, despite his arousal,
despite his pleasure and self stimulation he had no intention of fucking the
twenty year old.

Yet!

He knew that his Mistress had some plans and he knew all too well that any
attempt to fuck another slave,  especially a slave belonging to a guest, without
permission. without orders, was a high risk operation.  An endeavour that would
inevitably be rewarded with severe punishment.  Painful and unnecessary.

He knew full well that his time would come, at the time and on the occasion that
Mistress Greta would decide.

Even so he felt justified in tormenting the shivering Alix with the size, the
thought, of his erection.

'You may be right!  I'll wait and see.  Here,' he threw a large towel towards
her, 'dry yourself on this and then wait over there.'  He gestured towards wide
wooden bench at the side of the room.

Alix caught the towel gratefully and wrapped it around her, feeling it's warmth.

'Oh yes, you may use any of those' he gestured at the array of powders and
perfumes on the shelf above the bench, 'you'll  need to be fresh and tasty ready
for your Mistress, she has some special plans for you later!'

'W-what plans?'  Alix was horrified, thinking that her ordeals at this place
were now over.

'Oh, nothing, nothing at all.  You'll enjoy yourself with no problems my dear.' 
Ken laughed out loud as he left her alone with her thoughts and walked down the
corridor towards the naked Karen.



Waiting quietly in her cell Karen smiled nervously at Lisa, who had raised
herself on her elbows.

'How did it all go in there?'  Lisa was curious.  Frustrated that she had not
been present during Karen's torments.  Frustrated that she had not even been
chained or tied while she watched.  Wondering exactly what had gone on, her mind
a fury of conflicting thoughts, she slid her hand between her legs.

Karen smiled.  'Hmmmmm...need a little help do you?  Perhaps I could help!'  As
she spoke she stuck her long pink tongue out at Lisa and flicked it.

Lisa smiled and changed her position so that her open legs, her gently probing
fingers, were directly in line with Karen.  'Yes, oh yes...'

Karen moved closed to the bars, cupping her breasts, teasing her nipples.
'Would you like me to tell you all about it?  All about how I was nearly fucked. 
How many times they made me cum.'

'Ohmigod!'  Lisa gasped, her fingers moving more feverishly across her distended
lips.  'W-who was it.  What did they do to you?'

'Ahhhhh, now that is my little secret ... for now.'  Karen smiled and began
teasing her erect nipples.

For long moments the two naked girls stared at each other.  Stared at a
fingered, erect clitoris.  Stared at swollen and elongated nipples.



Suddenly the spell was broken.  Ken walked into Karen's room, looked at the two
girls and smiled.  'Don't let me stop you two.  Just enjoy yourselves...'  he
tapped Karen an her bare shoulder.  '...after you've been cleaned up!  If you do
a good job it is possible that Mistress Greta will allow me to permit your
behavior.  You both know the rules here.  Do as you're told, exactly as you're
told and you get rewarded.'

Reluctantly Lisa pulled her hand away and licked her slick fingers, licked her
salty juices, savored them and smiled at Karen.  'Later!'

As Ken had entered her room, her cell, Karen had paused in her nipple play but
still cupped her heavy breasts, wondering what was going to happen.

'Now, drop those tits, let them hang free, or should I say, let them sag free
and easy.'  Ken leered at Karen as her heavy breasts fell lower and jiggled
enticingly in front of him, his cock still partly erect from his exertions with
Alix.

'Time for a shower, a nice refreshing, cold shower.'  As he spoke he propelled
Karen into her own shower stall and turned on the icy jets.  'You are very
privileged here, you will shower and wash yourself while I watch.  Just make
sure that you do a very thorough job, otherwise I shall have to report to
Mistress Greta.'

Karen, shivering murmured her agreement and began to turn herself around under
the icy needles, before she unhooked the head and directed the jets on to her
aroused clitoris from close range.

'Excellent, more pressure, keep on doing that.'  Ken leant over and turned the
pressure up so that the stinging jets began to distort Karen's tender flesh.
'And inside, properly now.'

Obediently Karen directed the jets away from her be-numbed clitoris and along
between her labia until she felt the icy flow into her still tender cunt.  She
continued playing the jet across and around her shaven sensitive flesh for long
minutes until Ken nodded his approval.  'Now your tits!'

Karen was only too happy to change the focus of the jets onto her hanging
breasts, across and around and under them, cleansing the tender folds where the
heavy tits hung, sagged slightly, on to her rib cage.  Once she felt that she
had paid enough attention to the rounded breasts, her shapely tits, she directed
her attention to the nipples, already erect, and allowed the jets to impinge on
each delicate sensitive bud and areole for pleasurable moments.

'Stop!'  Ken moved and turned the water off.  'Dry yourself, you have done
well.'  He walked away from Karen and threw her a thick fluffy towel.

Shivering from her exposure, Karen grabbed it gratefully and began to rub
herself vigorosly.

'I do believe Mistress Greta would approve!'  Ken beckoned to Lisa through the
bars. 'You are allowed to come in here and comfort your friend.  If you want
to!'

Lisa stood up and smiled happily.  'Thank you Ken, thank you so much!'  She
padded nakedly from her room and along the short distance until she could enter
Karen's own cell.  Once there she threw her arms around Karen and kissed her
deeply.  Tongues intertwined, eyes closed and pulses racing, the two girls
pressed their naked breasts, their erect nipples, into each other.

'OK you two, you are on your own, I've got work to do.'  With that Ken turned
and left the cell, glancing up at the position of a concealed video camera as he
did so, giving a discreet nod at the unseen viewer.  He knew that it was highly
likely that while his Mistress and her friends were having a relaxing break they
would take the opportunity to watch the activity within the cell area for their
own entertainment.  An entertainment made more erotic by the knowledge that the
participants were blissfully unaware of the observers.
Certainly both Karen and Lisa were aware that they were under constant
surveillance, but they were usually only observed and recorded on tape for
possible use later.  For use only by their Master and Mistress.  In any case, as
far as they were concerned they had got quite used to the idea and were not
concerned at all, as long as they had their Mistress' approval for their
activity.



Ken made his way back to the almost deserted dungeon, smiling at the chained and
dejected Andy as he entered.  'How do you feel now, my friend?' 

'Not too bad, I guess.'  Andy shivered involuntarily  as Ken casually fondled
his limp and dangling cock, before he hefted the heavy metal ring clamped around
his scrotum.

'You like?'  Ken lifted the ring and let it fall, stretching the paper thin,
silky smooth sac as it added pressure to the swollen testes.

'Not really, it's so ... so heavy'  Andy thought he could speak freely.

'Oh it is, it is, but you'll soon get used to it, especially when we put another
clamp on there too.'

'Oh god, no, I don't think I c-could t-take that.'  Andy stuttered fearfully, as
Ken stroked his hand around the base of the smoothly shaven sac, made extra
sensitive by the heavy weight.

'Oh you will, believe me, you will.  I've worn twice that weight for weeks on
end once, and I still had to masturbate regularly for Mistress Greta.' Ken
smiled evilly.  'Believe me, if you've never jerked off standing in front of
Mistress with a couple of those weights around your balls, you haven't lived!'

W-what, y-y-you mean that...'  Andy felt the blood drain from his face.  'Just
like that, with no, er no ...'

'Oh yes, my friend, you'll have to jerk off whenever she wants a little fun, a
little entertainment, and she just loves seeing a guy frantically rubbing his
cock until he nearly cums.  You can forget the days when you used to jerk in the
shower, or under the sheets, or looking at your favorite porno pics, now you'll
do it on command.'  Ken laughed at the pained expression Andy's face.
'And you won't have a naked cunt or bare feet to inspire you.  Don't worry, you
soon get used to it, in fact you'll enjoy it too.  After all it is pretty
arousing to have to masturbate in front of an audience.  You'll see.'

Andy was lost for words, but, despite his protestations, the thought of having
to masturbate publicly, on command began to arouse him and his cock stiffened
noticeably.

'There you go!  You like the idea after all.  You'll do it and you'll love it.
Especially when you and your girlfriend have to do it in front of each other
while you're both being watched.'

Ken turned away, amused at Andy's arousal and embarrassment.  'Enough, I've work
to do in here.  Watch and learn.'



Ken walked across the hard floor, cock still thickened and swinging freely above
his hanging, heavy sac.  Searching along open side of the room he selected
several large, but lightweight frames, made up of thin metal bars, and began to
assemble them into a small square.

'What are you doing?'  Andy was intrigued by the process.

'Nothing really.  It looks like what it is, a small cell.  No roof, and no easy
way out.  You'll see!'

'What have I done then?'

'Oh no, my friend, it's not for you.'  Ken grunted as he moved a small flat bed
into the cell he had created.  Carefully arranging it he then brought a small
bench to stand on the opposite side and placed a number of items on it.
Looking around he nodded as he checked his efforts.  'Hmmmm, that'll do I think. 
Everything is ready and handy, just the lights to arrange.'  He smiled at Andy
and moved over to the array of light switches.  Making a few adjustments the
whole dungeon was plunged into blackness before a small spotlight was arranged
to shine directly on the bed within the portable cell.

'Tell me..'

'Wait!  All will become clear very soon, just as soon as when Mistress Greta
decides.  You're lucky, you'll have a good view there, and no one will see me
playing with your cock in the darkness.  Lucky you!'  Ken smiled and moved over
to Andy.  'Would you like me to stroke you, jerk you off?  Now?'

Andy didn't answer but wriggled to try and move away from Ken as his hand
reached out.

'Aha!  No way!'  Ken adjusted the chains making Andy stand more upright his arms
stretched tightly over his head.  'There we are, just how I like it, and how
you'll like it soon.'

Satisfied with his efforts he moved across the floor and picked up the house
phone.  'Mistress, may I confirm that everything is arranged exactly as you
requested.'

The thin tones of Greta's voice echoed in his ear.  'Well done slave Ken.  Now,
a slight change of plan.  Will you prepare slave Andy for me, the usual thing.
And then you can get slave Karen ready, we have decided we want her present and
available for possible use.  Nothing too heavy, you understand.'

'Yes Mistress, I have just the idea for you!'

Fine, just do it!  You know what to do now for the other matter.  Proceed!'





End of Part 36


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 37 Andy's Shame



Ken put the phone down and walked across to Andy, a broad smile on his face.

'Oh my, you are in luck already!'

'What... what do you mean?'  Andy was obviously worried, his face ashen with
fear of the unknown.

'Nothing to worry about, nothing at all.  You have been chosen to put on a
little performance for Mistress Greta and her guests.'

'Y-you mean....'

'Yes, that's right, you're going to masturbate especially for them, in front of
them!.'  Ken smiled as he spoke, enjoying the look of apprehension on Andy's
face.  'Do you think you can do it?'

'I'm not too sure, not in front of strangers, I've never done that before.' Andy
appealed to Ken.  'Can you help me at all?  Must I do it?'

'Oh yes, oh yes.  Let me explain the rules for you...'  Ken moved closer to Andy
and casually stroked the limp flaccid cock.  Andy was too worried about his
impending performance to object, to move away or even to react to the gentle
insistent strokes.

'Go on then....tell me.'

'OK, it's so easy.  I'm going to place you in position and you will just stand
there and wait for the instruction to start.  While you're performing ...' Ken
snickered, '... you will not, repeat not, close your eyes, you will not turn
your head and look in any direction other than forward, at whoever or whatever
is in front of you.'

Andy nodded his head uncertainly.  'I think I understand, but how...'

'Wait, there's more.  You will not speak, except to tell whoever is present that
you are near to cumming, or that you are cumming.  When you start to cum, then
and only then, you may move your head.  You will look down at your cock, and
watch the spurts.  Just remember to make sure that your hand is well away from
the head, preferably at the base and holding it forward so that your spurts are
easily observed.  Understand?'

Andy again nodded, ' But what about where it lands?  What about the mess?'

'Easy, you'll shoot as far and as hard as you can and not worry about the
consequences.  Mistress Greta may or may not ask you to, sorry, make you, clean
up.'

'I think I understand, but how will I clean up?'  Andy asked the question even
though he had an uneasy feeling that he already knew the answer.

'You've got a tongue in your head haven't you?  Use it!'  Ken laughed out loud
at Andy's discomfort.  'Just make sure that you don't move until you are
commanded, otherwise you might find that you'll feel the strap or the cane.'

'T-thanks, I'll try to remember everything.'  Andy felt a little relieved, at
least he knew the worst, the worst that is, other than how to manage an erection
in such circumstances.  'How will I manage to get it up, get it hard?'

'My god,  you are so stupid.  Just think of anything that turns you on, things
you've done, things you've seen or things you'd like to do to someone watching
you.  You'll manage never fear.'

'OK, I suppose that's it then.'

'One last thing, I'll have to unchain you and put you into position before I put
a bag over your head.'

'What do you mean?'  Andy felt his earlier fears and uncertainties return.

'Nothing, nothing.  You'll be placed in the correct position and I'll put a
leather hood over your head.  You can breathe easily but you won't be able to
see anything.  Once Mistress is ready she'll remove the helmet, the hood, and
then you can begin to, shall we say, to entertain them.'

Andy nodded nervously as Ken reached up to unfasten the chains holding his arms
over his head.  Satisfied that Andy could stand properly, Ken held his shoulder
and guided him across the floor to stand several yards in front of the row of
empty seats.  'Stand here, legs apart, hands behind your back and wait.'  As he
spoke Ken placed a soft leather bag, leather hood, over Andy's bowed head,
adjusted the drawstring to hold it firmly in position before he patted him on
the shoulder and moved off towards the slave quarters.



In the warmth of her room Karen and Lisa were enjoying the pleasure of each
others body, the pleasure of feeling and stroking soft feminine flesh, stroking
and cupping each others breasts, each others nipples, unaware that Ken was
approaching.

'Oh yes!  Having a little fun are we?'  Ken called from the doorway, sniffing
the air heavy with the musky smell of two aroused females.  'Sorry to spoil your
fun ladies but I have to break the party up.  Lisa, go back to your room, you
will not be needed yet.  Karen, stand there and wait while I get some
equipment.'

As Ken walked out of the cell Karen looked at Lisa with a puzzled expression.
'Now what?  I thought I'd done enough already.'

'Oh, don't worry, that's not unusual.' Lisa smiled with a confidence that she
didn't feel.  'Sometimes Mistress arranges a little entertainment and then puts
one or two of her own slaves at the disposal of the other guests.  Don't worry,
you'll probably do nothing but stand there and get bored.'

'Yes, yes indeed.'  Karen sighed.  'I certainly hope so, I feel so worn out now,
I had so many cums in there that I don't think I could manage another.'

Lisa looked at Karen, her face quite serious for once.

'Don't worry, if Mistress wants you to cum then you'll cum, no matter how many
times it is, you'll always cum for her.  She'll make sure of that!'  Lisa smiled
nervously, remembering some of her own ordeals when Greta had had competitions
with her guests so see which slave could cum the most often. Everyone knew that
Greta never lost those competitions, her slaves always, always managed an extra
orgasm, often a painful orgasm but always more than any other female in the room
could manage.

Ken walked back into the room holding a selection of straps and thongs.

'Now, for this task you'll be quite naked, apart perhaps from a pair of heels.
Choose a pair, put them on and then stand in front of me.'

Karen walked over to the well stocked shelf of shoes, carefully sorted in order
of heel height.  Wondering just what was in store she decided to select a pair
of shiny black patent pumps with five inch heels.  Wearing closed toe shoes
meant at least that they would be unlikely to repeat her earlier torment when
her toes were tied to her nipples, even though standing in heels that high would
not be too comfortable.  Picking them up, she walked over towards Ken, bent down
and slipped her smooth bare feet into the shoes.  She stood up a little
unsteadily and looked at Ken.  'I'm ready now.  What shall I do next?'

'Just walk around the room for me, let me see your tits jiggle a little and then
we'll get started.'  Ken grinned at Karen.  'You know how much I love to see
your tits bounce, especially when I fuck you !'

Karen smiled shyly, remembering the time when Ken had fucked her, fucked her
long and hard while Mistress Greta had watched her in the throes of intense
orgasms.  She walked steadily around the room, making sure that with each step
her heavy tits bounced, aware of the reaction she would be getting from Ken.

'Good, now stand here and put your feet apart.'

Karen stood in front of Ken,  Noting his thickening cock, and moved her heels
about three feet apart, straining her ankles and legs to hold the position in
the five inch spikes.

'Now, let me see...'  Ken knelt down and fastened broad leather straps around
Karen's thighs, just above the knee.  '... that's fine, just keep still while I
clip this bar on.'  As he spoke Ken picked up a short steel bar, which was
fitted with hoops on each end and fastened one end to Karen's left thigh. 'Good,
good.  No move your feet a little nearer...just so.'  Ken helped Karen adjust
her position so that he could clip the other end of the bar to her right thigh.

Satisfied he stood up and looked at Karen.  She stood unsteadily with her knees
about a foot apart, the gap between her naked thighs making sure that her smooth
labia and protruding clitoris were unobscured.

'Now walk around the room again, slowly!'

This time Karen could indeed only move slowly and, rather than walking, she
waddled around the room, the awkward constraint of the thigh spreader making her
unsteady and ungainly.  This time, because of her awkward and ungainly gait her
tits bounced and jiggled even more provocatively, making Ken nod with approval.

'Well done, well done.  At least you won't run off and hide anywhere now!'  Ken
spoke confidently as Karen balanced herself in front of him.  'Now, let me fit
this.'

Karen looked down at the broad leather strap dangling in his hand.  Looked down
nervously as he buckled it tightly around her slim waist.

'What's that for?'  Karen suspected the answer but felt she had to ask.

'Wait, wait!'  Ken bent down and picked up two wrist cuffs attached to short
lengths of chain.  Holding them in front of Karen for a moment he fastened each
wrist firmly in the broad leather straps before he picked up the chains and held
them against the strap around her waist.  'Now, let me see, put your hands level
with your waist.'

Karen lifted her arms until her hands were at waist level.

'Good, let me see ...'  Ken adjusted the length and clipped first one, then the
other chain to small D-rings sewn into the waist belt.  'Now try and move your
hands for me.'

Karen tentatively tried to lift her hands.

'No, no no, how high can you reach, how low can you reach?'

Karen looked puzzled.

'Don't be stupid, try and touch your tits, your nipples, your cunt!'

Slowly she realised her predicament.  Although there was some movement available
to her, she found that, with a little effort, that her fingers could brush the
underside of her heavy tits but she could not reach her nipples at all. 
Tantalisingly close but not touchable.  She tried the other direction and found
again that she could just reach the sensitive crease between her labia and her
thighs but she could not quite reach her clitoris.

'You like?'  Ken laughed at her discomfort.  'So near and yet so far!  Now
whatever you feel like you will not be able to pleasure yourself will you. Will
you?'  Ken almost shouted his final question.

'N-no, I guess not!'

'Stupid bitch!'  Ken was quite angry, or at least appeared so to the startled
Karen.  'What can't you do now?'

'I can't pleasure myself.  I can't play with my nipples, I cant reach my clit.' 
Karen was strangely embarrassed by her admission of the obvious.  'I c-can't
make myself cum.'

'Exactly!  Exactly!'  Ken smiled grimly.  Now for the final touch.  Open wide!' 
He held up a leather strap fitted to a leather covered ring gag.  'Nice and
wide, nice and wide.'  Karen obediently opened her mouth as wide as she could as
the unyielding ring was slipped in behind her teeth, before the strap was pulled
tight behind her head.

'Comfortable?'

'Ggg-gghhhh'  Karen was inarticulate.  The wide ring and the impossibility of
forming words was made all the worse by the feeling of saliva pooling in her
mouth and spilling over her lips.

'Nice, nice, they always like to see a drooling slut!'  Ken looked satisfied at
his efforts.  'Now, come with me.'

He walked briskly up the corridor towards the dungeon as Karen waddled slowly
behind him on the precarious heels, drooling and leaving a wet trail of saliva
between her bobbing breasts.

Finally she made it into the gloom of the dungeon, vaguely aware that a naked
male was standing across the room in front of her.

'Stand there, in silence, and wait.' Ken ordered her, as with a final gesture he
cupped her right breast and tweaked the nipple before he turned and disappeared
from her view.



Andy was aware of Ken murmuring behind him but he had no idea who else was there
in the room, the leather hood, apart from being an effective blindfold,
prevented him from  hearing very much, increasing his feeling of isolation.
Suddenly, he heard a chair scrape on the hard floor and more voices, this time
in front of him.  A feeling of apprehension came over him, surely his turn, his
time to perform, was drawing near.  The suspense and the fear of the unknown
conspired to keep his cock limp, hanging over the cool rounded edge of the metal
collar which seemed now to weigh even heavier on his distended sac.

Across the floor, and behind him, Karen was fully aware that Greta and her
guests had re-entered the room and were making themselves comfortable in front
of the hooded naked male, a male who was surely her former lover.  In the gloom
it wasn't easy to see especially when he was hooded but she felt certain that it
was indeed Andy and that he was due for more torment and humiliation. Despite
her previous feelings for him she felt that she could only express so much
concern.  Her own predicament, her own discomfort as she stood on the teetering
heels, her legs held apart by the steel bar between her knees, was more than
enough to worry about.  The continued presence of the ring gag was beginning to
make her jaw ache, the unnatural position, the stiffness and the taste of wet
leather had made her continue to drool.  To drool copiously so that her whole
naked chest, her naked breasts, were liberally covered in saliva.



Suddenly Greta stood up and turned to her guests.  'Well, my friends, are you
ready for slave Andy's debut performance?'

There were murmurs of agreement along the row of guests, the men rather less
vocal than the women.  Agnes, especially, was looking forward to this
humiliation, and the possibility of further punishment.  Lucy, now sat next to
her, leaned forward eagerly, her thoughts racing at the possibility of learning
more ideas to torment her married slaves.  Especially her male slave, who seemed
to enjoy public humiliation at every opportunity.

'OK then, let the fun commence!'  As she spoke, Greta walked over to Andy and
with a swift flourish pulled the leather hood roughly over his head.



Andy blinked as the light struck his eyes.  The dim light around the room was
supplemented by a strong beam directed at him, making it difficult to see much
of his surroundings, the assembled guests appearing more as silhouettes than as
recognisable faces.

'You may begin, you know what you have to do!'  Greta called from her seat as
she settled back with her long legs crossed.

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress!'  Andy made a brave attempt to respond as he
unclasped his hands and bought his right hand around to slowly stroke his limp
and unresponsive cock.

After several minutes, stroking and squeezing his member, he used his other hand
to tightly grip the root while he began to pull his cock slowly.

'C'mon, let's see you start properly!'  Agnes was getting impatient for some
action, some indication that Andy was indeed feeling humiliated by his position.

'Yes Miss, sorry Miss!'  Andy responded by increasing the speed of his strokes. 
Slowly, almost imperceptibly his cock began to harden as he kept his gaze fixed
over the head of the silhouettes in front of him.  As he continued his
masturbation his cock began to thicken further, to swell and become more rigid.

In an effort to stimulate himself Andy focused his thoughts on the pleasures of
his earlier foot worship with Alix and the incredible sensations just as he
ejaculated on to the open, and waiting, wet cunt that he now knew was his lover,
his former lover, Karen, held in rigid bondage.  His thoughts returned to the
last time he had felt the wet warmth of a softly engorged cunt around his cock,
an incredibly supple and muscular cunt.  Margo!  Especially Margo! As he thought
of her incredible responses, her muscular contractions, he became aware that his
erection had begun to grow rigid and strong.

Ignoring the presence of the onlookers he began stroking and pumping his cock
with a regular rhythm, each down stroke fully baring his engorged glans.

As he increased his stimulation Greta looked along the row of guests.  Agnes was
casually fondling her heavy breasts through her thin silken blouse while Lucy
had leant forward and seemed totally focused on the engorged phallus in front of
her.



Looking along the line she became aware that Karl had carefully risen from his
seat and was moving along, behind the guests, towards her.

As he reached her, he leant over and whispered in her ear, 'Greta my sweet, I do
feel that I have to take advantage of our other guest.  That is, if you don't
object.'

'No my dear, just get on with it and don't make too much noise.'

Andy continued stroking his engorged cock as Karl walked quietly behind him
towards Karen.

She looked at him, her eyes wide above her gag.

'Come here, my dear, I want you to kneel down for me.'

Karen felt a flush of relief as he said that, feeling that at least he did not
want to fuck her, at least not at the present time.

Karl helped her to kneel as she looked behind him and saw Andy continuing his
masturbation.

'Now my dear, take this!'  Karl fumbled with his trousers, and exposed his own
thick, swollen cock.  'Let's see how you perform!'

Karen knelt uncomfortably as he guided his cock into her gaping mouth, aware
that, large though the leather covered ring was, it was still only just big
enough for Karl's thick, hot cock.  Slowly he inserted the swollen glans through
the ring for her tongue to lick and tease before he pushed further into her
mouth.  The push into the depths of her mouth was made much easier by the
continuing drooling and slowly but surely Karen felt the swollen head rub into
the back of her throat, almost making her gag in reaction.

Sensing her reaction, Karl slowly withdrew partially and then, holding her head
to steady them both, continued a slow and regular mouth fucking while Karen
continued to lick and tease his cock.  Despite the presence of the gag she could
still manage to suck and increase the pleasure for him and she did her best to
make him cum as soon as possible.  While she enjoyed, intensely enjoyed, cock
sucking, this was one of those times when she felt that, once she had made him
cum, she would left unrewarded, her clit and nipples aching for a stimulation
that she was unable to provide in her present bondage.

Meanwhile, behind Karl, she could see Andy increasing his strokes.  Increasing
the tempo of his masturbation.  Increasing his pleasure and now unaware of the
audience as he lost himself in the beginnings of an orgasm.

'I'm going to cum soon!'  Andy had remembered his instructions and called out
hoarsely.

Karl looked over his shoulder and back at Karen.  'Now, my little slut, let's
see if we can cum together. Keep working on it....now!'  As he spoke he
increased the tempo and penetration of his thrusts into Karen's mouth and
throat.  She in turn increased her tonguing and suction.

'I'm going to cum soon, very soon!'  Andy could feel the pleasure begun to surge
through his sac, despite, or perhaps even, he thought, because of the added
weight of the clamp.

Karl increased his own thrusts, almost choking Karen as he plunged deeper into
her mouth.

Suddenly!

'I'm cumming, I'm cumming!'  Andy called, almost shouted, as he bent his head to
look, for the first time, at his swollen cock.  Slowly, almost lovingly, he gave
it several more strokes before he pulled his hand down to the root, totally
exposing the swollen glans, the sharply defined rim, to see, to admire the
pre-cum coating on the richly swollen, smooth, glossy flesh.

He stared fixedly at his swollen cock, enjoying the sight of it red and swollen
and proud.

Anther couple of full strokes before he bared the glans again.

'Now!'

As he spoke, thick cream jetted from the end of his cock.  Jetted in thick
strings across the floor into the surrounding gloom.  Slowly the stream of hot
cum eased and, with a few final twitches his cock began to soften slightly. Not
knowing what else he was expected to do Andy stood still, holding his cock,
keeping the cum streaked glans totally bare for inspection as he looked at it
and marvelled at the pleasure it gave him.  Him personally.



Karl continued to pump Karen's mouth as she gasped and desperately tried to draw
breath on each withdrawal before he too began to cum, to shoot his own thick cum
deep into Karen's throat.  'Not good enough bitch, I wanted to cum at the same
time and you didn't make it happen.  You'll be punished later.'  Karl muttered
angrily as he slowly, reluctantly withdrew his softening cock from the warmth of
Karen's mouth, from the confines of the leather gag ring.

Bending over he gave Karen two vicious slaps, one on each hanging, sagging,
breast, making them jiggle and bounce one against the other, before he returned
angrily to his seat.

Greta had observed his little scene and made mental note to deal with him later.
She stood up and walked over to Andy.  'Well done slave Andy!  You did well for
your first time.  Now you can clean up your mess while we enjoy ourselves.'

'C-clean up Mistress?'

'Yes, of course, on your knees, there's a lot to do!  Get on with it.'

Reluctantly, slowly, Andy let go of his rapidly deflating cock and got to his
knees searching for the first signs of his cum.  Seeing some milky strings on
the floor he knelt lower and pushed his head downwards, searching with his
tongue until he tasted the salty liquid.

Eagerly he lapped it up, eager to please his Mistress.





End of Part 37


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 38 - Watching 1



Greta watched Andy carefully licking and savoring the creamy ribbons that he
had so recently jetted across the floor.  Satisfied that he was making a good
job of his self inflicted task, she turned and picked up the house phone once
again.

'Yes Mistress?'  Ken answered it instantly, obviously waiting for the call as
soon as Andy had completed his duties, his humiliating public masturbation.

'You may bring in the first offering now.'  Greta replaced the phone, and with
a satisfied smile, beckoned Karen to come to her side.

With some difficulty Karen managed, unaided, to struggle to her feet and to
find her balance in the spike heels.  Pausing a moment until she was sure of
her balance she slowly waddled across the floor, her ungainly gait making her
drool covered breasts sway in unison.  The struggle to walk with her ankles
held so awkwardly apart, on the teetering heels, made her begin to regret her
choice of footwear.  Even so, she reflected, I know that Mistress likes me in
heels and high ones do have a good effect on my body.  She smiled inwardly.  A
good effect?  Whenever she walked in heels she knew that her ample breasts
reacted and jiggled.  She knew that most, perhaps all,  males and many females
enjoyed the sight of the rippling resilient flesh. The feeling of her breasts
gently slapping against one another, combined with the enforced awkwardness of
her progress, combined to increase her humiliation.  A humiliation that,
secretly, she enjoyed almost to an orgasmic level.

'Come and stand between me and Mistress Agnes.'

Karen moved in between the two women and stood precariously in her spike heels,
her legs held relentlessly apart by the steel bar strapped above her knees.

'Would you like to have me remove that gag now, my dear slut?'  Greta managed
to be almost tender in her request.

Karen nodded, hopeful that, at last, she would be able to relax her aching jaw,
to swallow the last droplets of Karl's cum down her throat.

'Just wait until slave Ken arrives and then you shall have a change.'



In the slave quarters Ken turned to the naked Alix and spoke, gently, to her. 
'Now my dear, you are needed in the dungeon once more.  This time though, you
are permitted some clothes.  Here, you may put these on.'

He turned to a side table, picked up a selection of garments and threw them at
the grateful Alix.

She sorted through the clothes and found that she had a brief pair of cotton
panties, more of a thong in fact due the thin ties and back strap, no bra, and
a thin cotton dress that hung loosely from straps over her shoulders.  For her
feet she had a pair of flat, toe thong, leather sandals.

'Just tie this around your waist', Ken threw a cord to her, 'and do all of the
buttons up on the front of the dress.  We can't have you looking too much like
a slut can we?'

N-no.'  Alix, although grateful for the clothes after so long naked, was still
wary.  It was unclear why she was suddenly being allowed to dress.  Surely, she
thought, her Mistress, Marie, had some ulterior motive.

'Come!'  Ken spoke sharply and grasped her shoulder.  'Come quickly!  You're
holding things up now.'

Alix padded after him, her soft smooth bare soles slapping quietly in the flat
leather sandals, until they reached the dungeon area.

'Hello, my dear, you look quite ravishing now, I hardly knew you with your
clothes on!'  Marie had stood up to welcome her and to take over from Ken.  'Do
you want to help me now?'  She turned quizzically to her husband.

'Certainly, my sweetest!'  Jeff stood up quickly and moved over to the couple.

Taking an arm each they guided the now nervous Alix into the cage area that Ken
had prepared earlier.

'Here we are, your little home for an hour or two.  I hope you're not too
uncomfortable!'  As she spoke, Marie gestured to her husband.  'Get them will
you.'

Jeff walked over to the small table that had been prepared and picked up a pair
of handcuffs.

'Now, my dear, hands behind your back, so...',  Marie grasped the thin wrists
and, with what seemed practised ease, snapped the cuffs on, adjusting the
tightness to gently nip at Alix' wrists.

Alix looked at her Mistress, startled at this new development.  'B-but,
M-Mistress, what have I done?'

Jeff looked at his wife and smiled at her stern face.  'Nothing my dear,
nothing.  All we're doing is preparing you for another guest.  Now, sit on the
bed and make yourself comfortable.'

Satisfied that Alix was sitting reasonably comfortably they returned to their
seats, nodding their readiness to Greta.

Again Greta picked up the phone and spoke to Ken.



At the other end Ken listened intently as Greta gave him further instructions. 
'Certainly Mistress, no longer than ten minutes at most, and then you may begin
the demonstration.

Greta looked at Agnes, and, smiling, suggested that they make use of Karen as
she stood naked and helpless between them.

Agnes agreed enthusiastically and immediately set about teasing and pulling
Karen's nipples, pulling on the extended teats until Karen mewled helplessly
through the soaking leather covered ring.

Not to be denied, Greta focused her attention on Karen's swollen labia and
hardened clitoris.  Both women were pleased to find that Karen was in such a
state of arousal, although, bearing in mind the visual spectacle of her
ex-lover masturbating and now lapping up his jets of cum from the floor, they
were not surprised.

Karen could not prevent shudders of pleasure running through her as the two
women continued their ministrations.  At least, she thought, they were more
than making up for the frustrations of having to suck cock with no immediate
reward.  Especially, she thought, it was enjoyable because the two women t knew
exactly how to arouse her to the highest pitch of ecstasy, more than any man
could ever do.  No, she corrected herself, more than almost any man could do. 
Her fond recall of being bound and helpless as Ken fucked her a few days
previously filled her mind with pleasurable memories.



Meanwhile, in the cell area Ken was preparing the final offering for the groups
entertainment. For many hours past Greta and Wendy had insisted that the new
pet had been kept in virtual isolation.  Naked and tightly hooded, her wrists
and ankles lightly bound, Elaine had been kept in total silence, unaware of
being observed, of being watched.  The restraints had been cunningly chosen so
that while she had some restricted movement, she could not touch herself in any
way, her only contact with reality the pressure of her naked body against the
cold floor.

Ken opened the door of her cell quietly, even though her ears were plugged to
exclude all sound, and bent down to release her bonds.  As he undid the clasps
he took care that his hands, his fingers, did not touch her naked flesh. 
Standing back, looking at the hooded naked slim body lying in front of him, he
picked up a pair of leather gloves and pulled them on.  Greta and Marie had
been insistent that under no circumstances was Elaine to feel the comfort, the
warmth, the stimulation, of another persons bare flesh.  Not until they, and
only they, decided the time was ripe.

Carefully Ken grasped the naked shoulders and hoisted the now trembling female
to her feet.  Placing a gloved hand in the middle of her back he gently
propelled her into the corridor where he carefully guided her arms into a long
cotton shift before he pulled a zip up the length of her slender back.  A
muffled murmur escaped from the hood, a sound of what may, perhaps, have been
gratitude for allowing her some covering, some respite from the cold air that
had been her companion for those long hours.

Leaving her feet bare, Ken guided her along the corridor into the warmth of the
dungeon area.



'Ah, Ken, my favorite slave, here you are!'  Greta reluctantly removed her
probing fingers from Karen's swollen, slippery labia and moved towards the
shivering Elaine.  Looking at her, and then at the wondering Alix in her cage,
Greta smiled, and looking back at Wendy, queried, 'Are you ready for her to be
released?'

'Well, perhaps she should just stand at the bars, facing her new playmate
before we release her and let her see her surroundings.'  Wendy smiled at her
husband.  'After all she is just sitting there and wondering.  I always think
that anticipation of a slave to the unknown always adds so much to one's
pleasure!'

'Certainly!  Oh, in that case, while we wait a while, Ken, go over and remove
slave Karen's gag!'  Greta looked at Karen, seeing her eyes widen at the
thought of the relief.

Carefully, Ken unbuckled the strap behind Karen's head and gently extracted the
soaking leather from her mouth.  Gratefully, Karen eased her jaw, working it
slowly back and forth, and then sideways, to ease the painfully cramped muscles
before she licked her lips and swallowed.  'Tha... thank you Mistress!'  Karen
was hoarsely grateful.  The relief was incredible and, for short moments, the
freedom was enough to take her mind off Agnes' still probing, teasing, pulling
fingers.

'It was nothing my dear, nothing!'  Greta was dismissive.  'Ken, you can take
the wretched  Andy back to his cell, I do believe he's cleaned up his
disgusting mess now.  He can clean himself up, and relax, now that he's served
his purpose here.'  Ken nodded and motioned Andy to his feet.  'And when you've
secured him, come back and wait for your instructions.'  Ken looked briefly
towards the cage, the still shivering Elaine and the nervous Alix before he
guided Andy from the dungeon.



Greta walked towards the side of the dungeon, picked up a small and gleaming
metal contraption, and returned to her seat.  Settling down she casually
resumed her fondling, her probing, of Karen's' sensitive labia.  'There you are
my dear, that's so much better for you.  Now, all you have to do is stand there
and allow yourself to be used for our pleasure!  You can manage that can't
you?'

'Yes Mistress, your pleasure is always my pleasure, always.'  Karen was still
hoarse, her throat still quite dry, but nevertheless her enthusiasm was
unmistakable.

'There is just one small thing I should mention my dear!'  Greta winked at
Agnes before she looked up at Karen. 'Whatever we do to you, you will allow us
without any complaint...'

'Of course Mistress!'

'...or any sound!'  Greta continued, ignoring the interruption.  'Any sound,
any sound of pleasure or any sound of pain, and you'll wear this.'  Karen held
up the metal contraption in front of Karen's face.

'Mistress?'

'You know what this is?'  Greta waved it briefly in front of Karen's startled
face.

'No Mistress, I don't know what it is, I haven't seen anything like it before,
at least I don't think so.'  Karen was confused and not a little worried. 
Anything that Greta was brandishing like that was only likely to be used on
her, an without doubt  uncomfortable for her to wear, that much, she knew, was
inevitable.

'Oh, my dear, it's nothing really.  Only another little gag!' Greta smirked in
the gloom.  'Your friend Lisa is rather fond of it you know!'

'A g-gag, Mistress?'

'Of course, this is a special favorite of my friend here,' Greta looked at
Agnes, 'she rather likes the effect!'

'Yes, yes I do!  Nothing like seeing a helpless slave gaping wide, desperate
for relief!'  Agnes responded.  'I'm sure Karen will soon volunteer to please
me!'  As she spoke she tweaked each swollen teat, and then gave them both a
vicious twist.

'Ouch!'  Karen gasped involuntarily.  'Oh, I'm sorry Mistress, please forgive
me!'

'Don't worry', Agnes continued her relentless nipple torment, 'we haven't
started our little game yet.  But never fear, you'll end up wearing it.  Just
pretend you'll be at the dentist.'

'T-the dentist Mistress?'

'Of course, you stupid slut!  Don't you recognise a simple dental gag when you
see one?'  Agnes sneered.  'It may not close your mouth but it will certainly
hold it nice and open for us.  You'll soon get to like it!'

'So, you understand?  You'll stand with us and enjoy the proceedings, of
course.  You may even wish you were taking part, who knows?'  Greta continued
her conversation with the now apprehensive Karen.  'Mind you, I do think you'll
be a star attraction in the future, the near future, the very near future!'

'Yes, Mistress, thank you Mistress.'  Karen was both grateful for the praise
and apprehensive of the endless possibilities that would occur for her
humiliation, her pain and, eventually, her pleasure.

'So, just remember, not a sound, not sound of pain or pleasure, or you get to
wear this, and remember that my friend', Greta gestured at Agnes, ' would love
to work on you again.  She enjoyed the use of your body so much the last time.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress, and thank you Mistress Agnes.'  Karen was
duly grateful and showed the respect that was due to any Mistress.  She steeled
herself for what would undoubtedly become an ordeal.  Her only question was
whether or not it would be sooner rather than later.

Her thoughts were broken by the sound of Ken returning from the cells.  'Slave
Andy has  been dealt with Mistress, washed, powdered and resting, as you
ordered.'

'Thank you slave Ken.  You have my permission to use him as you please, once
you leave us here.'

'Oh....', Ken was surprised by this sudden generosity, 'thank you Mistress,
thank you.  I think I could use his services, after all it has been some time
since I managed to.....'

'Yes, yes, yes, spare me the details, for now!'  Greta spoke, her eyes
glittering, having a very good idea of exactly how Ken would make use of her
offer.  'Now, just open the cage, and place our new friend in there, before you
remove her hood and ear plugs.  Then you may leave us and partake of your own
pleasures.'

'Thank you, my Mistress, thank you!'  Ken was grateful for the offer and he
fully intended to take advantage, full advantage, of the special service that
Andy could, and would, willingly or otherwise, offer. His mind occupied with
thoughts of the pleasure to come, he opened the cage and pushed the thinly clad
Elaine into the middle.  Making sure his gloved hands made minimum contact with
her he carefully undid the tight lacing that held her leather hood in position
and then removed the sound deadening ear plugs.  Satisfied with his efforts he
silently withdrew from the cage and secured the door before he turned and left
the dungeon.



Feeling alone and exposed, with the comforting warmth of the leather hood
removed, Elaine slowly opened her eyes to get used to the light.  With the ear
plugs removed she was aware, not of any real sound, but more of the sounds of
the silence.

Suddenly the silence was broken. 'Who, who are you?  What are you doing here?' 
Alix felt that she had to speak, her waiting time was, it seemed, over and
something, anything, was surely going to happen now.

Elaine frowned at he sudden voice.  It had been a long time since she had heard
any sound and at first the noise was almost painful.  She opened her eyes fully
and looked around, seeing, for the first time that she was in what appeared to
be a brightly lit open cell, a cage with barred walls on all four sides.  What
was outside she could not see in the surrounding gloom.  She focused her gaze
on the source of the voice.

Sitting nervously on the cot like bed she saw a young, slim girl, dressed in a
plain button through dress, her ankles demurely crossed and her ands behind her
back.

'Who are you?'  Elaine found her voice.  'What are you doing here?'

'I think that I am here for you, but I'm... I'm not sure.  My Mistress just
told me to sit and wait.'  Alix was still wary, but, knowing that she was being
watched through the surrounding darkness she was careful to react in a proper
manner.

Elaine moved forward uncertainly and held her hand out.

'I can't, I can't...'  Alix was near to tears, as she turned sideways on the
bed to display her cuffed wrists.

'Oh, oh my dear, you must be so uncomfortable', Elaine moved forward and sat
besides her, putting her arm around her shoulder.



As Alix felt the arm around her she shuddered and moved towards Elaine, who, in
turn held her even closer.  Savoring the softness, the warmth of Alix' body,
she slowly put her other arm around her and hugged her closer, nuzzling into
the soft neck.  As she did so she felt her familiar urges, the familiar desire
for the softness of a female body.  A female body that could not respond, that
was restrained, helpless and vulnerable.

Desperate for the company of another human being, and particularly sensitive to
the touch of bare warm flesh after her long hours of deprivation, Elaine slowly
ran her hand down Alix' bare arm until she touched the cool steel of the
handcuffs.

'My dear, why are you cuffed?  What have you done?'

'I don't know. all I do know is that my Mistress told me that I was being
prepared, that I was here to entertain another guest.  I suppose that must be
you?'  Alix responded her voice quavering with emotion.

'Err, yes, I suppose you could say that.'  Elaine responded carefully as she
savored the feeling of the warm body close to her.  As she held her, she again
felt some of her old urges begin to surge, the feeling of power over a
vulnerable female, the feeling of absolute domination as she held and abused a
totally helpless female.  Abused.  Especially abused.  She liked that, she
liked that very much indeed.  It seemed so long ago that she had been able to
indulge her secret dark pleasures without any risk of retribution, but, since
she had been employed, (although 'adopted' might be a better word, she 
thought), by Mike and Wendy her opportunities for such personal indulgence had
been severely limited.  Certainly she had had a fair share of female pleasures,
and a fair share of bondage games when her owners were in the right mood.  She
had even had some opportunity for the special pleasures that only a man could
offer, although, given the choice she much preferred her original pleasures.

Original pleasures that she had not enjoyed for long months.  Original
pleasures that she felt an uncontrollable urge to enjoy once more.

Gently squeezing the trembling body through the thin cotton dress she
considered her position.  She was aware that she was going to be watched,
inspected and perhaps tormented in some way, but she also weighed up the time,
an indefinite time it seemed, when she had been held, lightly bound and naked,
in total isolation.  Perhaps that was her punishment and this, this vulnerable
female, was her reward.

Still pondering the risk, she began to stroke the slim shoulders and felt Alix
begin to respond in a familiar way.  She was unaware of Alix' preferences but
judging by her present reaction, she was likely to be unfamiliar with the true
pleasures that another woman could give.  At last!  Elaine made her decision. 
She would let her pent up emotions loose and if she offended any of the people
watching, or, perhaps, more importantly, her employers, her owners, she would
take the consequences.

Gently, slowly, so very slowly, she lifted her hand and cupped a small pert
breast, noting with satisfaction, the sharp intake of breath as Alix registered
the approach, the intimate approach, of another female.





End of Part 38


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 39 - Watching 2



Alix gasped at the touch, the gentle squeeze.  The touch of a woman was 
something that she had never really yearned for although this time it seemed 
that she would have little choice, pretty much helpless with her arms 
tightly cuffed behind her back.

'Please, don't, don't do that!'


'Why not?  You know you like it!'  Elaine muttered quietly in her ear.

'Please!'  Alix almost screamed as she pleaded.  She was desperately 
uncomfortable with the unwanted touch of another woman.  She had enjoyed, in 
fact she had been exhilarated, by her session when she tormented the naked 
and bound Karen with her toes, with her bare feet, but this was different.  
She was not in control.  She was on the receiving end and it was sensation 
that she did not find at all pleasurable.

'Shut up, you silly girl!  Just relax and enjoy it, now!'  As she spoke 
Elaine tightened her grip on the pert breast and her fingers searched for 
the hard tipped nipple.

'N-nooooooooooooooo....' Alix wailed in her distress, her discomfort 
becoming obvious, delightfully obvious,  to the watching group.



The watching group.

As the little drama began to unfold the seated group had begun to lean 
forward in their seats, their eyes glittering with suppressed lust at the 
sight, and the thought, of an innocent female being abused and being 
introduced to a new form of pleasure.  A very special pleasure.



Breathing heavily, Agnes got up from her seat and moved carefully so that 
she stood closely behind Karen.  As she brought her arms forward to cup the 
heavy breasts, she whispered in Karen's ear.  'Oh my dear.  Do you like the 
thought of that, of what is going to happen to that poor girl?'


Feeling her breasts gently caressed for a change, rather than being brutally 
kneaded, Karen nodded.  She dare not speak in case Agnes decided that she 
had broken the silence and needed to be gagged yet again.

'You can answer me my dear, I give you permission.'  Agnes smiled down at 
Greta who had turned in her seat to see just what new tricks her friend was 
getting up to with the helpless Karen.

'Yes Mistress Agnes, I do like that.'  Karen's voice had thickened as she 
continued to watch the scene unfolding before her.

'Good, let us just watch some more, I know you'll let me play with these 
nice heavy tits.'  Agnes hefted each full breast in turn and let her thumbs 
brush lightly over each erect nipple.

In front of them Elaine was beginning to become more aggressive in her 
caresses.  Alix continued to wriggle and moan softly as her tender nipples 
were pinched, groans that inflamed Elaine to inflict further torment.  
Suddenly Elaine ceased her caresses and stood up.  Looking briefly at the 
sobbing Alix, she gripped her by the hair and yanked her to her feet.

'Stand up bitch, let's see what's under there.'  As she spoke she snatched 
the front of the thin cotton dress and tugged hard.  Almost as one the 
buttons popped and the dress fell open at the front, hanging by the thin 
straps from Alix' shaking shoulders.  'Oh, damn..', Elaine swore as she 
tugged at the straps, 'let's get you naked, now!'


Finally, with a final wrench the flimsy dress fell to the floor by Alix' 
sandal clad feet, as she stood there shaking with her hands firmly held 
behind her back, her small breasts and pink tipped nipples completely 
exposed to the aroused Elaine.



The watching group stared intently.



'Nice, very nice....'  Elaine stood back and looked at the naked body.  
'Such a nice smooth little cunt.  I'll bet that tastes so sweet....I'll 
check that out later.'


Alix looked shocked.  'No. please, not me, please, I beg you.'


'Nonsense, you were given to me and I shall use you.  My Mistress has given 
me a present and I would be punished, severely punished, if I didn't 
appreciate it.'  Elaine spoke partly for the waiting, watching Wendy who, 
she was certain, was sitting quietly in the surrounding gloom.  She reached 
forward and fondled both breasts before she pushed Alix back onto the bed.

'Lie there and wait while I decide what to do to you.'  Elaine stood back 
and almost casually began to fondle her own breasts and nipples through the 
thin shift.  Savoring the pleasure she let one hand slide down towards the 
rapidly moistening flesh between her thighs.  With a start, she stopped 
herself.  The temptation to play with herself, to play with her sensitive 
clitoris, was almost overwhelming.  It had been some time, at least a week 
she thought since she had masturbated and she was in desperate need of 
relief, of a mind blowing orgasm.  Stopping with her fingers outstretched 
midway down her rounded belly she considered another course of action.  She 
needed an orgasm, she was desperate for an orgasm, but, perhaps, there was a 
better way.  Why not use the opportunity she had presented to her here?

Moving forward she pushed Alix into the center of the bed and arranged her 
so that she was lying on her back, on top of her cuffed arms.  She saw Alix 
wince at the uncomfortable position, aware that she would not be enjoying 
this at all.  Even better!  The thought of a naked and helpless female at 
her mercy, a naked female feeling pain, was itself an arousing and exciting 
thought.  Satisfied, she stepped carefully on to the bed and knelt facing 
the pale faced Alix, her legs either side of the trim waist.

'What are doing?  Please!  Don't hurt me!'  Alix began to beg.



In the darkness around the cage hands were searching for partners, searching 
between open thighs, searching for warm flesh, for erect flesh, for wet 
flesh.

Agnes, steadily fondling Karen's breasts was aware that her nipples had 
hardened almost to bursting.  Sensing her increased arousal she released her 
right breast and slid her hand down to her cleft.  Feeling Greta's hand 
already there, feeling the wet fingers and the gently teasing motion she 
gently eased her friends fingers away from Karen's slick, engorged flesh.  
'If I may, my friend?'  She whispered quietly so that only Greta and Karen 
could hear her.

Greta slowly, reluctantly, moved her hand away from Karen's sensitive flesh. 
  After all, she thought, I shall be taking her into my bed later and then I 
can have all that I want from her sweet firm body.  'Be my guest Agnes, use 
her as your own... please'.

With the constricting hand removed Agnes positioned herself so that she 
could caress between the oily lips and gently touch, gently tease, the 
swollen erect bud of Karen's clitoris, protruding proudly from its hood.

As the first touch, as Agnes gently, so gently, scratched her nail across 
the sensitive head, Karen gasped, and sucked her breath in sharply.

'Oh, did you speak?'  Agnes murmured into Karen's ear.  'Remember not a 
sound, not a sound or...'


Karen swallowed and nodded, struggling to restrain her moans as Agnes 
continued to torment her most sensitive flesh.

'Just watch the show and be quiet.  Just imagine you are in her place.'


Karen nodded, her pulse racing at that very thought.  Agnes responded by 
resuming her delicate teasing, her kneading, keeping Karen's breasts, her 
nipples, her clitoris afire with desire.



In the cage Elaine wriggled herself forward sitting on the helpless Alix, 
and, easing her thin dress around her waist, she slowly moved her smooth 
shaven, soaking, labia towards Alix' face.  Lifting herself on her thighs 
she positioned herself above the pale face, the staring eyes.

'Lick it!'  Elaine whispered softly, her eyes wide as she stared into Alix 
frightened face.  'Lick it and make me cum!'


'No!'  Alix almost shouted.  'No, I won't do it!  It's.. it's not right, I'm 
not like that, I won't do it!'  She wriggled and tried to move her head 
before Elaine leant down and held her hair tightly.

'Lick it, now!'  She settled down lower and touched the wet labia to Alix' 
tightly closed mouth.

'Mmmmmmmmm-nnoooooooooooooooo!'  Alix kept her lips tightly closed and tried 
not to breathe in the musky odors from the glistening slit pressing hard 
down on her face.

'Oh yes you will!'  Elaine wriggled and spread her juices liberally over 
Alix' face.  'Get your tongue out and lick it now!'


As she eased up to reposition herself Alix again screamed 'No, no, no, I'm 
not going to do it whatever you or Mistress says.  Leave me alone!'


Sighing in frustration Elaine reluctantly eased up on to her knees, giving 
Alix a chance to breathe properly again, still smelling the musky juices 
smeared so liberally around her closed lips and nose.  'Thank you, thank 
you!' Alix was pitifully grateful for the relief.

'Oh no, don't thank me, we haven't finished yet!'  Elaine climbed off the 
naked Alix and stood at the side of the bed.  She listened carefully but 
there was no word of caution from those watching, beyond the bars, sitting 
in the gloom.  Assuming that no comment was clear and sufficient permission 
to continue she turned towards Alix once more.

Bending over she pushed Alix to one side, and sat on the bed beside her.

'W-what are you doing?' Alix almost sobbed with the fear of what might 
happen to her.

'Wait and see!'  As she spoke Elaine pulled the trembling girl over her 
knees and, reaching down, roughly snatched one of the leather toe-thong 
sandals from Alix' flailing, threshing feet.



Agnes, breathing more heavily, flicked Karen's swollen nipple.  'This will 
be good, so watch carefully, very carefully.  In silence!'




Settling herself more comfortably, Elaine held Alix over her knee with her 
naked, firm ass centered in front of her.  Stroking it softly, almost 
caressingly, with her free hand she spoke in a low husky voice. 'My, oh my, 
what a lovely soft, smooth bottom you have, such a shame to hurt it, to make 
those soft white globes glow!'  As she spoke she gave each rounded buttock a 
firm slap with her free hand.

'Ouch, that hurt!'  Alix squealed.

'Really!  Then try this and see how you like it!'  Elaine lifted her right 
hand, and, holding the smooth flat leather sandal tightly, held it steady 
and then, with a determined grunt, brought it hard down on Alix' bare ass.

'Ahhhhhhh!  Noooooooooo!  It hurts!   Stop it please!'  Alix began sobbing.

Again. Hand held high. Held steady.  Thwackkkk!

'Ohmigod, no, no.' Alix screamed.  'Please stop her Mistress, please stop 
her hurting me!'


Her pleas were met with silence, a silence broken only by the heavy 
breathing of the watching group.

Again and again Elaine thrashed the soft inviting cheeks, turning them from 
a pale white into an delicate rosy hue.  After the twelfth stroke she 
stopped and gently rubbed the tips of her fingers along the sobbing Alix' 
back.  There, there, don't cry.  Don't you see, all you have to do to stop 
being hurt is to give me my little pleasures.'  Elaine smiled across at the 
darkened room surrounding the cage, confident that she was doing what was 
expected of her.  'Shall we try again?'


Alix sniffed, and between sobs, managed to speak.  'Yes, yes, I think so.'


Elaine rolled Alix off her lap and got up before she positioned Alix neatly 
on the bed.  Satisfied, she mounted her once more, making sure that her 
dress was well up around her waist.  Kneeling above the tear stained face 
she asked again, 'Want to try now?'


'Y-y-yes.'  Alix sounded uncertain but the thought of the thrashing she had 
just received was sufficient to encourage her to at least try and serve 
Elaine's wishes.



Agnes squeezed Karen's nipple as hard as she could.  'Watch carefully!  She 
might have learned her lesson.'  Karen, on the edge of an orgasm, the 
insistent probing and teasing having continued all of the while as she 
watched. pulse racing, staring, at the thrashing being administered so near 
to her.  So near, and yet, so far away.  Watching the poor Alix she was 
reminded of some of her own experiences when she too had needed some gentle 
'persuasion' to co-operate.  Persuasion that was certainly not gentle, 
persuasion that, at the time she did not want to repeat.



Elaine lowered her even wetter, even more engorged, labia towards Alix' 
fearful face.  'Lick!'


Tentatively, cautiously, Alix pushed her pink tongue outwards, between her 
barely parted lips.

Elaine eased herself lower and felt the first soft glorious touch of a warm 
tongue on her labia.  So near the sensitive bud, so near, so very near!

Alix made one or two soft, delicate strokes, and shuddered as she felt the 
sweet musky juices on her tongue.  She pulled away and looked imploringly at 
Elaine.  'Please, please, I just can't do it.  I'm so sorry, but I can't, 
really!'


'Oh yes, well, you know what'll happen now!'  Elaine angrily climbed off a 
fearful Alix and once more pulled her on to her lap, over her knees. 'This 
time I'll keep hitting those lovely round cheeks until they turn red, not 
just a tasty pink.  If you beg nicely I might, I just might, stop and let 
you do your job, but, little lady, never fear, lick me you will, and you 
will do it, never fear.'  She smiled, her lips compressed in a thin grin, as 
she got a firm grip on the leather sandal.

'Please, don't, I'll do it, honestly I will!'  Alix pleaded to avoid the 
further pain.

'Oh, I'll still hit you, I like it and, you know, '  Elaine paused and 
pushed her free hand between Alix tightly clenched thighs, 'I do believe you 
do too!'  She pulled her hand out and held it up.  Everyone in the room 
could see it, shining with wetness, wetness that could only have come from 
between Alix' legs, from her soft labia.



This time Agnes pushed her fingers deep inside Karen, almost floating in the 
warm fluids that were oozing between the engorged labia.  'You little slut, 
you really do like seeing it don't you?'


Karen nodded her head.

'Hmmmm, perhaps you'll get a chance to enjoy it too, you never know how your 
Mistress will feel.'  As she spoke she paused in her nipple tweaking and 
grabbed Karen's other breast around the base in a vice-like grip, squeezing 
as hard as she could.  Karen screwed her face in pain but bravely controlled 
her urge to cry out.  'Bitch!  Still staying silent are you?  Never fear, 
you'll fail sooner or later and then I'll give you my little treat!'




In the cell, Elaine resumed her beating, alternating each stoke across each 
rosy, each reddening, cheek.  After four strokes on each side she paused, 
and, speaking quietly she questioned Alix.  'Now, my dear little friend, 
stop that silly crying, you know you like it.  I'm going to give you half a 
dozen more, and then I'll see how nicely you beg me, see how nicely you beg 
to be allowed to lick me.'


Alix struggled between her sobs to speak. 'Please, you needn't hit me any 
more, I'll do it, I really will.  I want to do it, honestly.  Please!'


Elaine shrugged her shoulders.  'I sure you do, but how do I know you're not 
just saying that to avoid the thrashing.  We'll see how you feel after a few 
more strokes, let's say ten on each side, not an easy half dozen.  After 
all,' she paused and slipped her free hand once more between the clenched 
thighs, and felt the wetness, the warmth, 'you like it don't you?'


'No, no I don't, I can't stand it, you're hurting me so  much!'  Alix 
struggled to stop her sobbing.

'Nonsense, you might not like it but there is no doubt that your cunt, your 
nice wet cunt, does like it, see!'  As she spoke Elaine rubbed her hand, 
wet, almost dripping, with the juices she had wiped from between Alix' legs, 
across the tear stained face.  'Taste yourself, like I know you do when 
you're on your own, just like we all do you know!  Now,' Elaine settled 
down, 'get ready for some more excitement.'


She raised her arm.  Paused.  Brought it down.  Hard.

'Ahhhhhhhhhhh!'  Alix screamed out.

'Go on I like that in a girl, just keep on screaming and I might never 
stop!'  Elaine continued her strokes.

Raised her arm.  Paused. Brought it down.  Hard.

Raised her arm.  Paused. Brought it down.  Hard.

Raised her arm.  Paused. Brought it down.  Hard.

Again and again until she had administered her intended total.

By this time Alix was hoarse with her screaming and helpless with her 
sobbing.

'Now, my dear, are you willing to serve me now?'


'Y-yes, yes!' Alix tied desperately to stifle her sobs.  'Please, please let 
me lick you, let me lick your... your c... your cunt.'  She was desperate to 
escape the beating and this time she was determined that she would lick and 
probe as long and as deep as she could until her tormentor was satisfied.  
Satisfied in the best possibly way.  Satisfied by cumming.  By cumming over 
her face and tongue.  'Please let me lick and suck your cunt, please!'




Agnes smiled broadly in the dark as she continued to knead and torment 
Karen's breast.  During the whole time that Alix received her second 
thrashing she had continually kneaded and squeezed Karen's breast until it 
felt on fire, as if it would burst.  Pausing in her efforts, she pinched the 
hardened clitoris, hard.  'You see, she is just like me, I love to hear a 
girl scream!  What a pity I can't make you do it too!'  As she spoke she 
gave the extended sensitive bud a pinch using her glossy red nails to 
inflict greater pain on the hyper-sensitive flesh.

'Aaaarggh!'  Despite her efforts, Karen could contain herself no longer, the 
pain was excruciating, even though, the moment the nails released her 
sensitive flesh, she experienced a surge of orgasmic pleasure.

Greta looked up at the sweating Karen, observing the tightly held breast and 
the hand still tormenting her erect and now very sore clitoris.  'Oh dear, 
slave Karen!  You have failed badly now.  I did warn you what would happen, 
didn't I?'


Karen nodded miserably.

'Oh you can speak now, you can make as much noise as you like!'  As Greta 
spoke Agnes grinned broadly at the rest of the guests.  Guests, who, 
suddenly, were distracted from the scene unfolding in the cage.  'Now Agnes, 
my friend, would you like to do the honors or should I?'


'Oh, you I think, my hands are rather full, and after all she is your 
slave!'  Agnes was generous, her mood elated because she had won a small but 
important victory.  'Just let her know how wide it can go!'


Greta nodded, and reaching for the metal device by her side stood up.  'Open 
wide my dear, open wide.  As they say, it won't hurt a bit!'  She laughed as 
she inserted the narrow metal jaws into Karen's open mouth, making sure that 
each half was properly seated behind her upper and lower teeth.

Karen tried to cough.

'No my dear, it's not done yet!'  Greta slowly adjusted the handle, noting 
each click of the ratchet, as slowly, inexorably, Karen's jaws were steadily 
opened wider and wider.  Karen was quietly mewling, her words indistinct.

Agnes looked at the progress and nodded.  'That'll do my friend, that's wide 
enough I think.  Now her pretty face is so nicely distorted, and her mouth, 
well, her mouth, so nice and wide, and so available.'  She paused and 
addressed Karen.  'Now my dear, you can make as much noise as you like, we 
all love to hear a slave in anguish, so exciting for us to hear you know.'  
As she finished speaking she withdrew her hand from Karen's drenched labia 
and swiftly thrust three wet fingers into the gaping mouth.

'Ugggggghhhhhhh!'  Karen gasped at the sudden intrusion and then, realising 
her opportunity, began lapping enthusiastically at the taste of her own 
juices on Agnes' finely manicured fingers.



Elaine was satisfied with Alix' pleading and quickly rolled her back on to 
the bed and positioned her ready to mount.  This time Alix was more 
co-operative and almost managed to smile at Elaine as she made herself 
comfortable sitting astride the sweating and heaving chest.

'Now, you know what to do?'


'Yes!' Alix was grateful for the chance to be free of the stinging pain on 
her nether cheeks, a stinging pain that was, even as she lay  here, turning 
into a more warming glow, a more satisfying glow.  A pleasurable feeling was 
spreading across her loins as she looked upwards at the shaven cunt being 
exposed above her as Elaine lifted her dress yet again and tied it around 
her waist.

Looking down at the calmer features, tears now dried, Elaine smiled softly 
and moved her hands down to the smooth flesh between her thighs.  'Now, just 
look at me first and then you can begin your homage.  You will like it, you 
know, and I will enjoy the feel of your soft tongue!'  As she spoke her 
fingers slowly, carefully, tormentingly, teased her puffy labia apart 
revealing the wet pink flesh between them, the small hardening clitoris, the 
pink bud shyly appearing from its hood.  'You like?'


Alix looked uncertainly at the smooth, soft, wet flesh, smelling the sweet 
musky aroma, seeing the swelling clitoris.  ''Y-yes, please let me lick 
you.'  She wanted to get over the initial reaction, to force herself to 
tongue, to lick, to lap the slick flesh.

'Soon, soon, just look and admire it first.  You know how much you want to 
see it properly!'  Elaine deliberately extended her torment.  Her fingers 
held the fleshy lips apart and began to stroke the sensitive inner flesh, to 
probe into the softly inviting cunt.

'Please!'  Alix was, despite her earlier misgivings, becoming aroused at the 
sight, the smell, of the warm intimate flesh.  'Let me lick you, please. 
Please!'


Elaine made no attempt to move, continuing to caress her sensitive opening, 
her fingertips grazing the wet sensitive flesh.

'Please!'  Alix was becoming more aroused.  The warm glow from her ass had 
begun to work its magic, and she could feel her own juices flowing liberally 
between her legs.  Legs that, almost unconsciously, she parted, opened, 
presenting shaven labia to the view of the watchers outside the cage.  
'Please let me lick you.  Must... must I beg for you now?'


'Yes!'  Elaine was secretly pleased as Alix uttered those words.  Surely 
this was her ultimate dream come true.  'Yes, beg for me!'


'Please, let me lick you, suck you, taste you.'  Alix began to hump her hips 
gently, feeling the cool air across her wet lips, feeling the urge for 
pleasure build up in her clitoral nerves.  'Please, I beg you, I really do 
beg you, allow me to please you, now!'


Elaine smiled, as, across the darkened room, she heard a soft gurgling.  She 
was unaware that Agnes was working her special skills; unaware that Karen 
was, yet again, almost on the point of orgasm.





End of Part 39


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you 
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you 
wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember 
to credit me as the author.

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 40 - Watching 3



Karen was yet again on the brink of an orgasm, an edge that she had been held
on for the long minutes that Elaine had beaten Alix, an edge that she was
desperate to jump from, into the depths, or rather, the heights, of an orgasm. 
She was still surprised at her seemingly endless capacity for orgasms. It
seemed that the last few hours had been one continuous orgasm.  In reality, she
rationalised, she had had successive orgasms, but they were the peaks on the
plateau to which the skilfully controlled manipulations had taken her.  Even
so, she reflected, her restrained body sweating, her breathing heavy through
her wide stretched mouth, the continuing pleasure was incredible.  She doubted
that, on her own, with self stimulation, that she could have maintained her
pleasure for such an extended period.  She knew from past experience, past and
pleasurable experience, that she could enjoy, induce, multiple orgasms, but,
when she was in control, the time eventually came when the thought of yet
another orgasm, another searing cum, was a thought filled with potential pain
and discomfort.

'Aaaagh..ummppfff!'  Yet again Agnes' skilful fingers brought her back to the
edge.  The continuing spectacle, the sight of the young and inexperienced Alix
being seduced, after suffering a modicum of pain and discomfort, to the very
real pleasures of lesbian love, was so very similar to her own experiences in
her distant past.  A time when she was much younger than the sweating, begging
Alix. a time when she found and explored her own sexuality.

Agnes continued her slow fingering, alternating her efforts between heavy,
sensitive breasts, swollen and rigid nipples, nipples seemingly even darker as
they became engorged, and the swollen hardened clitoris.  A clitoris that she
was maintaining almost at the point of bursting.  She smiled as she enjoyed her
manipulations of the sweating, gasping, moaning Karen, smiled at the skill that
she had developed over the years of her friendship with Greta.  Skills which
had become more equal to those of her dearest friend, but never quite equal to
them.

Sitting quietly next to the couple, enjoying both the torment of Karen and the
seduction, the conversion of Alix, Greta admired the skill with which Agnes had
maintained the plateau of almost unbearable pleasure.  She knew, they both
knew, that the only way in which a slave, any female, could truly enjoy the
deepest pleasures was at the hands of another.  There was always a place, and a
very important place, for self pleasure, for masturbation in all its' many and
varied forms, but mutual stimulation always triumphed in comparison.



Kneeling triumphantly over Alix, Elaine spread her fleshy labia as wide as she
could, presenting the erotic view, the rippled wet pink flesh, to Alix staring
gaze, her flicking tongue.

'Please, please let me lick you now, I'll keep on begging!'  Alix was
increasingly desperate for some kind of relief.  The burning in her loins, from
her earlier beating, still stimulated her and she knew that her own clitoris,
small in comparison to that jutting above her, was itself in need of some
relief.  The constant trickling of her own fluids between her now widespread
thighs served only to remind her of her state of high arousal.

'Soon, soon my dear!'  Elaine crooned as she continued to rub the tip of one
finger deep into her crease, easing the fluids over her finger.  As she
continued her manipulation beads of her excretions, beads of oily clear juices
formed and slowly began to drip towards the waiting, open mouth.

Alix stared fascinated as she saw the rich mucous fluid slowly seep towards
her.  She had often heard of women who excreted, ejaculated, copious amounts of
vaginal fluids, but she had never seen anything like this.  She tried to watch
as a long shining string of fluid, cunt juice, cum juice, whatever, slowly
extended to the tip of her tongue.

'Ohmigod!  Yes, yes, yes!'  Alix bucked her hips as she tasted, for the first
time, the real taste of an excited female.  A taste that was different, yet the
same, as her own.  She had often licked her fingers after masturbating, but had
usually felt slightly guilty, but now, now after seeing the wetness and soft
flesh above her, it seemed quite natural to hunger for more, to suck and to
lick.

Elaine smiled down at Alix in triumph, flushed with her efforts in persuading
her to submit to her wishes, her pleasures. 'Now, now you can serve me...'

Slowly at first, her eyes closed, Alix tentatively began to lick the warm wet
flesh, the sensitive flesh across and around the vaginal opening.

'Yessssssssss!  Lick my cunt, push your tongue in deep!'  Elaine gasped as she
felt the first probing.

Alix was still a little unsure, but her own arousal and the close up view of
the warm tender flesh combined to drive her forwards.  Slowly at first, and
then with more vigor, she began probing with her tongue, twirling and flicking
the sensitive opening.

'Now, my clit, lick my clitty for me...' Elaine gasped, and then, changing her
attitude completely, ' ...please lick my clitty for  me.  I need it so much!'

Alix heard the plea, and although she noticed the different attitude, from
dominant to almost submissive, she was unaffected.  She was beginning to enjoy
the feeling of power, of inflicting pleasure on another, and even, more deeply,
of feeling the pleasure her own actions gave her.

'Yes!  Now, look at me while you lick me!'  Elaine wanted to resume her control
even as she felt the beginnings of the long awaited orgasm slowly build.  'Look
at me at keep watching me as you lick me.'

Alix paused briefly in her task, breathed deeply and opened her eyes.  Looked
upwards.  Stared upwards.  Looked into Elaine's staring eyes.  As she continued
to lick, to twirl and then to gently suck the engorged flesh, she felt that the
eye to eye contact was the final act of submission, bringing her ever closer to
her own orgasm.  An orgasm induced, for the first time in her life, not by
physical contact, not by any friction, but purely by her own acts upon another.

'Yes, yes, you know you are loving this!'  Elaine held her gaze and spoke
quietly.

Alix held the gaze, and even as she tongued the soft flesh murmured agreement
deep in her throat.  As she did so she shuddered briefly as she felt the first
spasms of her orgasm.  Despite her determination not to stop her ministrations,
she was forced to stop and gasp her pleasure.  'Oooooooooh, I'm
cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmming!'



Almost simultaneously, in the darkness, Agnes increased the pace of her
fingering, stimulating Karen to the point of release. 'Aaaagh aahmm ummmming! 
ummmmmmmmmmmm!'  Almost screaming, Karen was almost incomprehensible with her
mouth held in the wide gape that Greta had given her, but the meaning was
obvious to everyone in the room

As she voiced her pleasure, however garbled, everyone in the room, apart from
Alix and Elaine, turned and looked.  They had been aware that Agnes was
indulging herself with Greta's newest slave but they had not realised just how
much control she had gained.

Greta held her hand up.  'Now, everyone, slave Karen will be available to
satisfy your every wish another time, but now, as a special favor, she is on
loan to my friend here, and I know that whatever she does, whatever happens to
the slave, will meet with your approval.'

Murmurs of assent greeted her statement, and, as she looked around the room she
noted that several men and all of the women were looking lasciviously at the
open mouthed, helpless, Karen.  Perhaps, Greta rationalised, they had seen
sufficient over the past hours to whet their appetite, but whatever the reason
for their obvious interest, she had no intention of allowing them any
indulgence, other than visual stimulation.  After all, she reminded herself,
she and Agnes had got a lot to plan before they launched Karen into her new
career.  A career of which, as yet, she was totally unaware.

'Come, my friends, let's get back to our special show over there.'  Greta
gestured at the cage where Alix was still avidly tonguing Elaine.  Elaine who
was getting increasingly near her orgasm.



'Yes, yes, yes, don't stop!  Now!  Now!'  Alix listened to her orders and,
despite her own feeling of pleasure at her small orgasm, dutifully continued to
pay homage to the wet folds of flesh.

Elaine was tensing herself as the orgasm built and, in an act of desperation
had lifted her hands to the neck of her cotton shift, and clutching it, had
savagely ripped it from her own body, exposing her small, well formed breasts
and her erect nipples.  'Oh, oh, oh, yessssss!'  She gasped and pinched her
small nipples as her climax peaked.

With a happy smile, a self satisfied smile, Alix finally held her tongue still,
the tip just barely touching the head of the erect clitoris.

For long moments the sweating couple held their position before Elaine looked
around expectantly.  Hearing no comments, no reaction other than the labored
breathing of Karen who was still coming down from her plateau of pleasure, she
judged, correctly, that she still had a chance, time, for more pleasure with
the nubile Alix.

Easing herself away from the adventurous mouth she reached behind and
tentatively explored the smooth wet lips that Alix had exposed, exposed to the
gaze of everyone beyond the bars.  As her finger tips grazed the warm,
sensitive flesh Alix shuddered involuntarily.

'Oh yes, that's so nice!'  She looked up hungrily at Elaine as her naked
sweating body towered over her.  'Please play with me, make me cum just for
you, please.'

'Surely,' Elaine teased her, 'wouldn't you like a man now, a nice thick hard
cock, to fuck you properly?'

'Well, yes, well, I'm not sure.' Alix hesitated as she saw that perhaps that
was the wrong response, particularly bearing in mind that she was held naked,
arms behind her back and wrists cuffed, between the wet naked thighs of a
dominant female.

'I have a much better idea!'  Elaine eased herself off the bed and stood up
stretching her arms and legs to ease the stiffness.  As looked approvingly at
the various items that had been laid out on the table beside the bed, she
nodded.  'Here, let me help you on your feet.  I'm sure it must be
uncomfortable lying on your arms like that.'

Alix looked gratefully at Elaine.  'Y-yes it is.  Are you going to take these
cuffs off me now?'

'Oh no, oh no my dear!'  Elaine grabbed one slim naked shoulder and spun Alix
round.  'I have plans for you, and I like, no, I love, a helpless female.  Bend
over towards the bed.'  She pushed Alix and held on to her cuffed wrists to try
out the position.  'Yes, yes, I like that.  I can hold you so you won't fall
over while I...'  She paused and pulled Alix upright.  'No, I won't tell you,
I'll just do it.  Stand there facing the bed and wait for your instructions.



In the gloom, Agnes changed her approach and had begun to softly caress Karen,
soft strokes over her breasts and nipples, soft strokes over her softly rounded
belly until she just brushed over her shaven mound.  Soft strokes that explored
the smooth shape of her rounded ass.  Karen moaned softly at the delicate
sensation, feeling herself relaxing from her orgasmic spasms.  'There my dear,
you have done well!'  Agnes looked down at Greta and nodded.  'I, no, we, are
both pleased with your performance, your reactions.  Soon you'll have a chance
to go back to your warm room and relax for hours and hours.  That is. until
your Mistress needs you!'



Meanwhile, Elaine had selected some short lengths of coarse rope from the table
and had moved over to Alix, standing, trembling, at the foot of the bed. 
Pushing her hand into the small of her back she snapped, 'Spread 'em!  Wide!' 
At the same time she used her bare feet to push Alix' ankles apart so that she
was standing uneasily wide legged.

Bending down Elaine began to tie each bare ankle to the metal supports, using
several wraps of the coarse rope before she knotted it as tight as she could.
Standing back she checked, nodded her satisfaction, and moved back to the
table.  Picking up, examining and then rejecting several items she finally
decided upon a black leather g-string that had two thick rubber dildoes
attached to it.  Examining it carefully, and then holding it up for the
watching guests to see, she showed then the shorter thicker dildo, sitting just
below an array of short rubber nipples, closely set on the inside of the
g-string.

Elaine rubbed the rubber nipples softly and smiled.  Carefully, positioning
herself behind Alix, she stepped into the g-string and pulled it up her legs
until she could guide the shorter, thicker dildo into her own wet cunt. 
Wriggling and easing it in to it's full depth she adjusted the rubber nipple
lined pad so that it sat firmly above and around her still sensitive clitoris. 
Satisfied, she pulled the waist strap as high as she could before she cinched
it tightly around her slim waist.  In the gloom the watchers could see that, as
she pulled the leather upwards, the leather strip between her thighs almost
disappeared as it, and the attached dildo, sank even deeper into her cunt until
the fleshy labia spilled over on either side.



In the gloom a female voice, murmured softly.  'Oh, so nice, so very nice! 
Such a sweet and lucky girl!'

In response a male voice replied hoarsely.  'Even better with my cock stuck up
her, right up her.

'Shhhhhhhh!'  This time Wendy's voice, quiet but insistent, was unmistakable. 
'Leave her be, she's doing just what we all want, at the moment, but, never
fear, she will be punished, perhaps not immediately, but soon.  Greta has
already given me some ideas on how we can use her, in a week or two perhaps,
when she thinks we have forgotten all about her performance.'

'Yes indeed,' her husband responded, 'revenge, punishment, is all the sweeter
when it is served cold!'

Wendy laughed out loud and returned her attention the cage.



Standing still, savoring the feeling of the thick rubber phallus deep inside
her, Elaine wriggled her hips.  As she did so she felt, she enjoyed, the
delicate probes of the rubber nipples, feeling the effect as first one then the
another, brushed over, pressed into, her hardened clitoris, standing proud of
its soft hood.  Equally, as she looked down towards her loins she observed,
with a satisfied grin, the way that the other dildo, long, thick, with
prominent ribbed veins and with a pronounced bulbous glans, jiggled erotically.
 'Almost like a real man,' she thought, 'but without the mess, and with so much
more staying power!  And bigger!'

Holding the large jutting phallus in her right hand she stroked it in the same
way that she had so often observed men indulge their selfish pleasures.  Still
holding it she bent it forwards and moved slowly towards the waiting Alix.

'Bend over my dear, don't worry, you won't fall over.'  Elaine rested her left
hand on Alix' cuffed wrists and gripped them.  Carefully, slowly, she gently
pointed the phallus between the outspread legs, and, rubbing it along the
exposed flesh, felt it begin to move more smoothly as it became covered in the
slick juices that Alix had secreted for so long.

'Ahhhhhh!'  Alix yelped as she felt the firm, cool rubber, 'What are you
doing?'

Elaine merely smiled and positioned the head carefully before she continued to
rub it along the sopping crease.

'Noooo!  Not there, please!'  Alix tensed as she felt the head rub across her
clenched anus.

Elaine continued to move the head back and forth between the puckered hole and
the soft inviting cunt.  She was well aware that there almost as many sensitive
nerve endings around the anal ring as there were in and around the wetter,
softer orifice and she was determined to excite, titillate, every single one of
them before she entered Alix.

Despite herself Alix shuddered as she felt the insistent probing, feeling
sensations that she had never before experienced.  She had never been
stimulated in such an intimate fashion before and she was becoming aware that
there were so  many things which she had previously never dreamt of, never
imaging she would like, would enjoy.

At last, after repeated strokes, Elaine was satisfied.  Satisfied that Alix
was, if possible, more aroused than she had ever been in her life.  Positioning
the bulbous head carefully at the entrance to the wet, sopping wet, cunt she
thrust firmly, forwards and upwards.

'Aaaaaaaaaaaaagh!'  Alix gasped as she felt the rubber phallus slowly,
steadily, penetrate her, rubbing insistently over the incredibly sensitive
spongy pad of flesh on the forward face of her cunt.  Another incredible
sensation!  She had heard that some females could experience some secret
internal vaginal pleasure but, despite her amateurish fingerings, she had never
managed to touch herself in such a rewarding, pleasurable manner.  She had
begun to believe that the stories of such intense pleasures were just that,
mere stories.  But!  Not now!

Elaine smiled behind the naked bent back as she adjusted her grip on the cuffed
wrists, taking a firmer hold on her captive.  She realised, as soon as the
first involuntary shudder ran through the tensed body in front of her that she
had managed the ultimate stimulation.  'Hmmmmm!  You  like?'

'Y-yes...'  Alix was almost speechless as she felt the continued friction, the
firm rubber against her most intimate, most sensitive flesh.

Sensing her victory, Elaine began a rhythmic thrusting, deep inside Alix,
rubbing hard against her firm cervix and then withdrawing until the gross
rubber glans was just barely inside the cunt.  On each inward stroke she could
sense the different textures of the warm flesh, the spongy pad, fleshly folds,
the firmer rounded contours of the cervix.

In, out!

In, out!

Pushed harder, faster.

In, out!

In, out!

Slowly but surely the tempo increased until she could feel the effect of the
rubber nipples against her clitoris, could feel the movement of the dildo
embedded deeply inside herself as it reacted to her thrusts into Alix.  With
the increase in tempo, with the increase in her own stimulation she steadied
her pace, keeping her thrusting sufficient to maintain herself on the very edge
of orgasm.  Maintain herself.  Maintain herself at the edge.  Maintain herself
at the very edge regardless of the effect it was having on the sweating,
panting, gasping Alix.

'Please, please, please stop'  Alix begged, feeling almost helpless with the
continued onslaught against her tender flesh, helpless with what was seemingly
an endless orgasmic pleasure.  'Please...'

'No!'  Elaine grunted with her efforts, 'you know you like it, you know you
want ... more!'  As she uttered the final word she gave her hips a vigorous
thrust, pushing both phalluses deep into their respective cunts.  'God, that
was so good!'  The pleasure rubbing inside herself was now almost unbearable
but ignoring Alix' continuing pleas she continued with her thrusting.

Pull almost out...

...pause, and then...

...thrust!

Pull almost out...

...pause, and then...

...thrust!

Pull almost out...

...pause, and then...

...thrust!

Finally, as she lost her self control, with several rapid deep thrusts, with
increased pressure around her now swollen, bursting clitoris she gave a final
deep thrust.

'Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!'


Elaine stopped her thrusts, as, standing on unsteady legs she partially
withdrew the bulging phallus from the now crying, demented, Alix.  'You liked
that, my little friend, did I make you cum?'

Alix remained silent.

'I said...' she thrust deeply again, '...did you...', thrust again, '...cum?'

This time, almost desperate for relief, Alix whispered.  'Yes, I did cum.  I
kept cumming.  You wouldn't stop and I kept cumming!'

'I'm so pleased for you...' Elaine gave a final thrust, '...so did I!'  She
held her position for several minutes before she began to withdraw.



Across the room, Agnes, who had herself been at a high pitch of excitement,
ceased her caresses, making Karen groan in frustration.,

'Stop!'  Agnes stepped forward and looked for approval from Wendy.  'You've got
that thing all wet!  Now we've got to clean it!'

Wendy, sensing her intention joined it.  'Of course slave.  Surely I have
taught you better behaviour than that.  Hold!'

Greta, ever sensitive to mood, swiftly reacted.  Reacted by turning up the
lights in the dungeon so that the guests could more clearly see the unfortunate
Karen.  So that, for the first time, Elaine and Alix could see their audience. 
She nodded to Agnes, ' Go on my dear, finish off for us now!'

With that Agnes pushed Karen forward in front of the group.  Now walk up and
down the line a couple of times so that we can see you properly.'

Karen stood still.

'Did you hear me?'

'essssss!' Karen could not articulate her words. 'esssssss isssssssschesssss.'

'Walk!'  Agnes snapped, enjoying the discomfiture that Karen was so plainly
feeling.

Slowly, reluctantly, Karen began her walk, her waddle, down the line of seated
guests.  Teetering on her spike heels she turned and walked back, conscious
that her heavy breasts were swaying, conscious that her mouth was gaping wide,
drooling, her hands helplessly chained at her waist.

'Once more!'

Again Karen waddled, and returned to stand in front of Agnes and Greta.

'Now, go over there and stand next to the bars.'  Agnes walked briskly over to
the cage and waited as Karen waddled awkwardly across, her heels tapping in the
silence of the dungeon, the watchers waiting in anticipation.

Finally Karen reached her side.

'Now,' Agnes addressed Elaine, 'pull that disgusting thing out of that
disgusting cunt!'

Elaine, knowing that she had no option but to obey, reluctantly withdrew the
phallus from Alix, leaving her savagely used orifice gaping wide.

'Now, un-strap it and pull it out of your own disgusting wet cunt.'

Slowly, reluctantly, Elaine obeyed, her own cunt also gaping wide as it slowly
recovered from it's prolonged stretching.

'Hold it up and let my slut lick the big one clean'

Elaine held up the double dildo, leather straps dangling, and pushed the
thickly veined phallus, still warm from the close embrace that Alix had
reluctantly endured, towards Karen.

'In her mouth, she can't stop you!'

Almost smiling Elaine pushed the warm wet rubber into Karen's gaping mouth,
watching as she began to lick it eagerly.  Steadily Karen licked the length of
it and twirled her tongue around the bulbous head.

'Now, let her lick your juices, and make sure she cleans those e silly little
rubber nipples too!'

Again, as she reversed the dildo, as the leather straps brushed against Karen's
breasts, Elaine almost smiled, savoring the view as again Karen eagerly licked
even more, different juices form the thick thicker dildo.

'Push it in as far as it'll go!'  Agnes was determined to extract the maximum
humiliation from the situation.

Karen gagged as the thick rubber pushed deeper into her mouth and throat.  For
once she was grateful that her mouth was held in a wide gape as otherwise she
was certain that she would have struggled to get the thick cock into her mouth.

Satisfied Agnes motioned to Elaine who slowly pulled the saliva streaked
phallus from the unresisting Karen and offered the inner side of the g-string
to her waiting tongue.  As she watched Karen made every effort to probe between
each rubber nipple with her tongue,. lapping every last drop of the sweet,
salty juices.



Across the room Greta stood up.

Looked around the group.

'Well, my friends, I think that concludes our entertainment.  I hope you all
enjoyed it.'  She smiled happily in the certain knowledge that everyone had
indeed enjoyed the whole event.  'I suggest a good nights rest and then you can
go back home with your slaves, until we meet again.  In a week or so will be
about right, I suggest, and I think you will all be very pleasantly surprised.'

As the guests got up, murmuring their thanks, Greta went and opened the door of
the cage.  'Now you two, wait for your owners to get you, they will deal with
you now.'

Agnes looked at her and smiled. 'You approved then?'

'Oh yes, of course.  You and I will have a long talk in the morning.  We have
plans to discuss!' Greta, suppressing a yawn, turned to Karen, 'You, my little
slut, can walk back on your own to your cell.  Slave Lisa will release you and
you can shower and rest until you are needed again.'  She casually slapped
Karen's ass.  'Go!'

'eeeeeeeee isstressss!'


Karen waddled off towards the corridor, unsteady on her heels, exhausted by her
prolonged stimulation, but looking forward to being with her friend Lisa once
more.





End of Part 40


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 41 - A Lesson for Andy



As Karen was still shuffling her unsteady way back to her cell and the
comforting arms of Lisa, Andy stirred and slowly awoke from what seemed an
eternity of sleeping.  For long moments he wondered where he was, how he had
got to such a place.  Slowly, as his mind cleared, he began to collect his
thoughts, to recognise his surroundings.

Yes! Slowly, undeniably, the memories, the recollections, began to flood his
mind.  His remembered the last moments before he fell into a deep sleep,
exhausted by his exertions.  He remembered the words that his companion, Ken,
he reminded himself, said as he was locked in his warm, small but undeniably
comfortable cell.

'Rest well my friend, you have more to learn, more to perform!  Rest while you
can.'

Andy remembered falling exhausted on his bed, resting on the smooth cool sheet,
but with no covering to pull over him to shield his nakedness.  He remembered
feeling his limp, sore, cock, he remembered the weight hanging between his
legs, before he slipped into the sweet oblivion of sleep.

Tentatively he felt his cock again, a familiar ritual with him every time he
woke up.  He felt the familiar tumescence as he slowly, almost casually,
fingered his hardening phallus.  Cautiously he explored between his legs and
felt the unfamiliar steel collar fixed immovably between his heavy balls and
his cock.  Despite the unaccustomed weight he found the presence almost
comforting and he returned to his gentle stroking, his teasing, of his cock
into erection.

Pausing briefly he wondered just how many times over the past few days he had
had erections, how many time he had ejaculated.  It seemed to him that over the
days he had been imprisoned, no, had been accommodated, in this warm cell, that
his waking hours had been an almost unending period of erections and
ejaculations, beyond his wildest dreams.  Then, he paused in his reverie,
perhaps that was not so unusual, at least, not for him. Since his earliest
teenage years he had religiously masturbated.  He sniggered as the thought hit
him.  Religiously?  Hardly the right word perhaps, not in this connection.  But
then, perhaps, bearing in mind how he had first been introduced to the
pleasures of self stimulation, perhaps religious was a good idea.  Suddenly, he
sniggered again, perhaps the grey old man who had assured him that it was all
God's will was correct.

No!  He collected his thoughts of those long lost days.  Yes, he admitted to
himself, he had masturbated very regularly, at least once every day of his life
since then, sometimes more than once, even when he was in a relationship that
was sexually demanding.  When he was sleeping with Karen, he always found time,
made time, to masturbate.  Hell, no, he thought, no way will I stop wherever,
whenever, I get the chance.  Reassured by this thought he continued to stroke
his cock into a reasonable erection.  He paused briefly and turned his thoughts
to his fantasises, his fetishes as he so often did as he masturbated. 
Suddenly, the realisation became all too clear.  No longer were they just
fantasies, no longer were they secret fetishes.  They were realities.  For the
first time in his life, he had had sex with, had fucked, a woman in front of an
audience.  The thought had often thrilled him in his solitary moments but the
recollections of his desperate thrusts against the tightly griping cunt,
although they seemed so long ago, aroused him, excited him.  His hand stroked
more rapidly up and down his erection, an erection which had stiffened
slightly.

He turned his thoughts to his personal, private fetishes, secret pleasures that
were now public.  Shoes.  High heels.  Feet.  Bare feet.  Licking Heels. 
Licking bare feet.  Sucking bare toes.  Slowly, inevitably, his erection grew
more rigid.

Taking shorter breaths he turned his thought to bondage, being tied up,
restrained.  Even, and he breathed faster, stroked his cock faster, being
beaten, being caned while bound, tightly bound, naked in front of an audience.

His mind was a whirl of conflicting, exciting, arousing erotic images as he
continued to pump his thick cock in his fist.  Lost in his thoughts, in his
arousal, he did not hear the door to his room, his cell, open.



'What do you think you are doing?'  Ken almost shouted at him, staring at his
nakedness, at his erection.  'You only do that when you are ordered.  You know
that, only when Mistress orders it.'  He smiled thinly.  'Or when I order it!'

'You?  You?  But you're just a slave here like me, you can't order me to do
anything.'  Andy protested, weakly, unconvinced of his own argument.

Ken leant casually against the door, his smooth nakedness failing to embarrass
him.  'True.  But then again there are slaves and then there are slaves.  In
this case you are actually my...', he paused and emphasised his words,' ...my
slave!  Mistress Greta has kindly given you to me as a present for me to use as
I please.'

'W-what!'  Startled by the revelation, Andy released his erection and sat up
staring. 'That can't be right, she never told me!'

'Of course not, you, your thoughts, are beneath her dignity you know.'  Ken
smiled softly.  ' You will always do as she orders, of course, but, when the
fancy takes her she will allow me time and opportunity to use you.  Like now!'

'No, I refuse!'  Andy struggled to stand up, his earlier pleasures as he was
reliving his fantasies fading into an angry stare.  'I shall go and forget I
ever saw her and you!'

'Oh no!'  Ken moved and stood, arms akimbo, in the doorway.  'Unfortunately you
won't do anything like that.  You see, once you accepted the offer from
Mistress Greta, and her husband of course, you were committing yourself
irrevocably to serve them.  Don't forget you worked for them before, they paid
you handsomely and provided you with a fulfilling job and the means to live
comfortably. True?'

Andy nodded sadly.  'So...'

'So, you now belong here.  You are being fed and watered, you are being paid a
very handsome salary, which is being deposited into your account.  The only
difference now is that your job, your employment, is different.  You are a
slave, a creature that is used to provide pleasure to your owners.'

'Oh.'  Realisation spread across Andy's face.  'You mean, I can never leave
here?'

'Of course you can, but there will be conditions.  You are, in any case,
committed to at least a year here, before any possibility of leaving.  Then you
will be asked to reconsider, and, if you insist, you will be taken from here
and re-located a very long way from here. Then you will be on your own, no job,
no home, no references.'

'B-but you, she, can't do that, it's ... it's not legal...is it?'  Andy
responded, unconvinced by his thoughts.

'Oh yes, oh yes indeed, it is.'  Ken shrugged his shoulders.  'On the other
hand, if you co-operate, if you serve until you are given the proper
opportunity, the chance to leave, then things will be very different.'

'How?'

'Let me give you an example.'  Ken moved towards Andy, who instinctively backed
away.  'You remember the woman you fucked?  Ha!  More like the woman who fucked
you!'

Despite himself, Andy felt a familiar thrill as he recalled the incredible way
that the woman, Margo, had responded to his clumsy thrusts.  He nodded.

'She was once a slave, just like your friend Karen is now. She was used and
abused for a very long time, even though she was always treated kindly when she
was not, shall we say, performing.'  Ken smiled at the fine distinction, the
idea of a slave actually performing as if it was just a simple matter of
choice.  'When her chance to leave was finally offered she accepted.  She was
found a good home, a great apartment and she was set up in a job that she had
always wanted, one that she had trained for.  Now look at her, a free woman
with some very special skills, skills which, no doubt, she will be willing to
pass on to your girl friend.'   Ken leaned over and slapped Andy on the
shoulder.  'Not that she's a bad fuck already!'

Andy flushed with shame at the way his girlfriend, his former girlfriend, he
corrected himself, had been referred to by the leering Ken.  'I wonder what
she'll have to say about all of this?'

'Never fear, she will be given the same explanation, the same chance, and she
will make up her mind ... soon.'  Ken turned away and walked towards the door. 
'Mistress Greta has some very special plans for her, you know, some very
special plans indeed.  I don't doubt you'll find out in a few days, just be
patient.'

Andy paled and sat down awkwardly, the steel collar feeling uncomfortable
between his legs.

'Oh no, don't sit down you're coming with me.'  Ken beckoned and walked into
the corridor.

'Why, now what do you want?'

'Shut up, don't ask, just come with me and do as I tell you.  Quickly!'



Slowly, reluctantly, Andy followed him down the corridor, bare feet padding
softly on the cold floor.



'Come in here,' Ken stopped at the door to his own cell, rather larger than
Andy's, with both a bed and a comfortable couch.

Andy walked in hesitantly, staring at Ken, but unembarrassed by his nakedness. 
It was strange, he thought, that he was now quite unaffected by being in the
company of a naked male.  There was a time, and not too long ago, when the very
thought of sharing a communal changing room had filled him with dread. The
thought of strangers looking at him, at his naked genitals, was one that made
him uncomfortable.  Now it was different, although his embarrassment was
directed more at his own perceived inadequacies rather than the looks of
others.  He had always thought, in the vain way that men have, that his own
genitalia, his own cock, was both big and capable, but he knew now that there
were others more fortunately blessed.  Not, or at least, so far, that he had
seen any of the mythical ten and twelve inch cocks that were the dreams of
erotica, but he had seen enough in the past days to confirm that eight or nine
inches, and thick beyond his wildest imaginings, did exist.  He was certain of
that.  He was looking now at such a cock.  A cock that was not erect, merely
hanging down over a heavy and smoothly shaven sac, but nevertheless, thicker
than his own erection, and around six inches long, almost as long as his own
when fully erect.  Looking, fascinated, as Ken stood before him he knew that he
could not easily reassure himself that, as was so often said, that it was
quality rather than quantity that counted with women.  At one time he had
quietly reassured himself that he gave quality, real quality, in that
department, but now, he was aware, there were men who combined both virtues. 
Sadly, he reflected, Karen would never again be satisfied, properly satisfied,
with him.

'Well?'  Ken's voice interrupted him.  'You seem to be spending a lot of time
lost in thought.'

'No, it was.. I was just...'  Andy's voice tailed off into an embarrassed
silence.

'Yes, you were just...nonsense!  You were looking at my cock and thinking how
much bigger it was than yours.'  Ken casually hefted his soft penis and pointed
it towards Andy.  'True?  Tell me.'

Andy cast his eyes to the floor, and blushed as he muttered his agreement.

'I knew it!  Well, now it's your chance to please me and play with me, with my
cock.'  Ken snapped as he walked towards Andy and stroked his bowed head. 
'But, first, I want to have a little, shall we say, special fun with you.  Come
here and bend over the back of my couch.'

Andy felt a flush of terror.  Bend over!  Naked!  Bend over!  Was Ken going to
assault him, attack his most intimate part?  He gulped and stood in position. 
'You, you're not going to...'

'No. I'm not going to fuck your ass, if that's what you wondered.'  Ken's voice
was strangely reassuring.  'I might try a few little experiments with some of
the plugs in the dungeon at another time, but, no, no ass-fucking for you. 
Now, bend over and stand still.'

'What are you going to do to me?'  Reassured that he was, relatively, safe for
the moment, Andy wondered just what was going to happen to him.

'Simple.  I'm going to cane you!'  Ken walked into Andy's view, flexing a long,
thin, cane.  'Like it?'

'Oh god...no, please!'  Andy was startled.  He didn't know quite what to expect
but caning was certainly not high on his list.

'Come now, we both know you like it, after all, I seem to remember Mistress
Greta giving you a nice reddening that made you cum all over the place.'

'Well, yes, but, that was, I don't know, well, different.' Andy fumbled for the
right words, only too aware of his enjoyment as Greta had beaten him in time
with Karen's ministrations to his rampant erection.

'Of course it was different.  You were tied up then, and you were being jerked
off.  This time it's different.  No jerking off for you, and no bondage
neither.'  Ken smiled as he saw the relief in Andy's eyes.  'No bondage but you
will stand absolutely still just as if you were strapped to the cross.  Any
movement and I will really hurt you.  And as for your cock, well, that is for
me to use, and you to leave alone.'

'B-but..'

'Stop whimpering.  This time it is different.  This time I'm going to cane you,
to sting you, to make you hurt, but I'm not going to mark you, I'm not going to
bruise you.'

Andy looked at him gratefully.  'Thank you, thank you.'

'Don't thank me, thank Mistress Greta, I'm following her orders.  She doesn't
mind me caning you, or even better, whipping you, but she will not allow me to
mark you.'  He smiled as he flexed the cane.  'At least, not when I'm alone
down here.  In the dungeon it's different of course.  Then you may well find
the kiss of the strap rather more savage!'

Andy held his position his knuckles white as he gripped the edge of the couch. 
'What are you going to do then?'

'Just this!'  Ken moved behind the cowering Andy.  'I'm going to work up and
down your bare ass, your thighs, and hit you, like this...'

Phttttttt!

Andy felt a sharp sting across the back of his thighs and, despite his orders,
moved slightly.

'No!  Do not move!  Stand as still as if you were in the tightest chains.'  To
emphasise his words Ken struck another blow lower down the trembling thigh. 
'Move again and I shall be forced to report you to Mistress Greta, and you can
be certain that you will be chained in the dungeon for me to whip as hard as I
can.  You can be sure that you'll be bruised and marked and you'll be begging,
screaming, for mercy!'

'S-sorry,   I'll try to keep still.'

'You won't try, you...'  Another stripe on the thigh, '... will keep still.'

Steadying himself Andy took a firm grip and clenched his teeth for the ordeal.

'Now, just one other thing.   You want me to cane you, you want me to hurt you,
don't you?'

Andy stood silently for a brief moment and then, realising his situation, spoke
in a whisper.  'Yes, please cane me, please hurt me, please.  I want you to
cane me, please, please.'

Ken smiled at the abject figure before him, as he fondled his cock, feeling a
pleasurable fullness.  'There you are, now you've asked me so nicely, I'll do
my best to please you.'

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

A pause, and then another six blows.

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

Ken began to lay a pattern of fine stinging blows across the trembling ass and
thighs, feeling his cock grow into erection as he continued his blows.  Blows
that stung, blows that punished, but blows that left the merest pink  trace on
the pale skin.

'You like?'  Ken panted as he continued, each stroke encouraging his cock into
a firmer, harder, erection.

'Yes, please hit me more, I l-like it!'  Andy knew he had to respond.  Despite
himself, he had to admit that, deep down, he was beginning to enjoy the
stinging blows.  Not so much the impact, but more the feeling of warmth, a
warmth that transferred itself to his cock.  To his slowly growing erection.

Ken smiled as he hefted his own erection and looked at the effect his blows
were having on the hapless Andy.  'Of course you like it...'

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

With one hand Ken continued his tattoo  of blows as, with the other he began to
masturbate.

Breathing heavily, he finally ceased his exertions and dropped the cane on the
floor.  'Stand up and turn round towards me.'

Cautiously, carefully, Andy straightened himself and turned, conscious that he
was now displaying a full  erection, surmounting the shining steel collar.   He
looked at Ken, a slight sheen of sweat on the smooth muscular body.  His eyes
moved down until he saw the full pulsating, throbbing, erection.

'You know what to do!'



'Y-you want me to suck it for you, make you cum?' Andy was fearful.  He had
already pleased, or at least tried to please, Ken previously but he was not
happy with the idea of cock sucking.  Even in his darkest fantasises he had not
been completely happy  at the thought, perhaps it was another regression to his
youth, to the demands of the grizzled old man who had introduced him to the
pleasures, the prolonged pleasures, of masturbation.

'Ha!  No, not this time, I have another lesson for you first!'  Ken smiled in
triumph, detecting Andy's unwillingness, his reluctance to approach the idea of
sucking his cock.  Time enough for that later, time enough over the weeks, over
the months, to train in properly.  Train him to serve both men and women, not
reluctantly, not hesitantly, but eagerly, with a genuine desperation to please.

Andy relaxed slightly.  'What should I do then?  Tell me please and I'll try to
do it for you.'

Ken moved nearer. 'Hold my cock, put your hand around it, feel the hardness.'

Cautiously Andy reached out and placed his left hand around the bulging
phallus.

'Good!  Now the other one.'

Andy went to change hands, but an angry snort from Ken stopped him.  'You mean,
you want me to put both hands on it?'

'Of course, it's long enough for that, you see that for sure!'

Andy adjusted the grip of his left hand towards the root of Ken's erection and
gingerly placed his right hand above and around the cock.  Incredibly, he
thought, it was, it really was big enough.  He had both hands clenched around
Ken's cock and still the swollen, silky smooth velvety dark red glans protruded
above his fist.

'Impressive, eh?'  Ken stood proudly and stared at Andy.  'You like that?'

'Well, yes, I suppose so.  Yes I think I do.'  Andy was unsure of the correct
response.

'Notice how thick it is, notice how hard it is for you to get your fist around
it?'

Andy nodded.  He could not deny that, as compared with his own erect cock, it
was difficult to close his fist around Ken's swollen organ.  Certainly, his
thumb could not meet his fingers.

'Now you know why your slut girl friend liked me to fuck her, better than you
for sure!'  Ken heaped humiliation upon Andy as he retained his grip.  'You can
see why now, you can understand why now, can't you?'

'Yes, yes, I guess she would have liked that in her, deep in her.'  Andy bent
his head in shame at admitting the superiority of the cock he was holding

'Deep in her ... deep in her what?'  Ken was determined to humiliate.

'D-deep in her cunt, deep in her cunt.'

'Better! Tell me what you think of it now.'

'It's, it's bigger than mine.'  Andy struggled to find the words.  'Your cock
is longer than mine.'

'No, no, no!  When someone asks you, and you may be sure they will, you will
tell them that my cock, MY cock, is bigger than yours.  Now try again.'

Andy gulped and struggled to find the courage to speak again.  'Er, er,  Ken's
cock is longer than mine.'

'Better, carry on, you'll soon think of the words, do it'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine.  Ken's cock is thicker than mine.  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine.'  Andy paused and looked hesitantly at Ken.

'And...'

'Sorry, sorry, Ken's cock f-fucks b-better than me.'  Andy looked at Ken and
corrected himself.  'Ken's cock fucks better than mine.'  He looked again at
Ken, searching for approval.

'Much better!  Now let's make sure you have learned your lesson properly.  You
can take your hands off my cock, for now, and bend over again.  Keep still!'

Andy paled as he slowly released the thick member and moved over to the couch. 
He took up his position and breathed deeply.  'Shall I start now?'

Ken, moving behind Andy picked up the thin, flexible cane.  'Yes, tell me your
first lesson.'

Andy took a deep breath.  'Ken's cock is longer ... Ouch! ... than mine.'

As he spoke Ken laid strokes across the bare ass, in time with the words.

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Thwackkk! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

As Andy spoke the word, the admission that Ken had a longer cock, he felt the
harder blow.  A blow that surely must have marked him.

'Good, well done.  Now let's have the whole lesson all over again!  The whole
lesson, and be sure I'll be marking you.'  Ken laughed out loud. 'Oh yes
indeed, I'm certainly marking you!'

'But you said that...'

'Of course, I told you that I wouldn't mark your hide without Mistress Greta's
permission, but this is different, this is what she wants.  So!  Get on with
it!'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!'

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Thwackkk! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

'Ken's cock is thicker than mine!

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Thwackkk! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

'Ken's cock is bigger than mine!'

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Thwackkk! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

'Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Phttttttt! Thwackkk! Phttttttt! Phttttttt!

'There you are, not so bad after all was it?'  Ken dropped the cane on to the
floor and looked at Andy's cock, stiffened once more.  'You know, I really do
think that you enjoyed that.  Mistress Greta will approve, you can be sure.  We
don't often see a true male pain slut here.  Congratulations!'

Andy didn't respond but slowly straightened himself.  'C-can I go now?'

'No!  You have one more task.  Come and hold my cock again, just one hand will
do.'

Andy turned at looked at the swollen smooth headed cock rearing up in front of
him, and looked down at his own smaller erection.  He moved closer to Ken and
carefully grasped the swollen, rigid, pole with his right hand.  His right
hand.  His masturbating hand.  His wanking hand.

'Now!  You know what to do, of course.' Ken smiled casually.  'Make me cum, and
make sure you catch every drop in your hand, your hands.'

Slowly, with smooth even strokes, Andy began to masturbate the long thick cock.
 As he continued Ken began to breathe more heavily.  'Faster, faster, I need to
cum, keep doing it!'

Andy increased his pace, feeling his own arousal, feeling the temptation to use
his left hand on himself.

As if sensing his thoughts, Ken looked down at Andy's erection.  'And you can
leave that alone, you don't have permission, yet!'

Sadly, Andy abandoned any idea of jerking his own cock and concentrated on Ken.
 Long firm strokes, long and fast.  Fist hard down at the very root of the
solid erection, and then fist at the head, almost, but not quite enclosing the
glans before he stroked downwards.  Up.  Down.  Up.  Down.  Faster.  Faster.

'Now, now, it's cumming, it's cummmmm ... catch it, catch it!' Ken struggled to
be coherent as his orgasm wracked through him.

Prepared, Andy cupped his left hand and, as he felt the pulsing up the swollen
shaft, held it under the swollen head as he made a final downwards stroke. 
Thick jets of cream, spurted in a steady stream into his hand, coating it with
a warm sticky glutinous sheen.  Several more stokes encouraged a few final jets
before Ken groaned in relief.

'Ahhhhhhh!  That was so good!  You do a very good job with your hand.  Has
anyone ever told you that before?'

Andy kept quiet, memories flooding back, memories of the time when the cock he
held was perhaps just as stiff, just as copious as it spurted but, in terms of
size, almost insignificant as compared with the now wilting erection that he
held gently, almost reverently.

Looking at the pool of warm cream in his hand he looked questioningly at Ken. 
'What shall I do now?  Do you want me to lick it?'

'Of course not.  I have a much better idea!  You are going to use both hands
and you are going to rub it into your own cock, all over it.'  Ken looked at
Andy with a piercing stare.  'You will rub it all in until you have got rid of
it, no matter how long it takes!'

Andy looked hopelessly at the warm glutinous pool in his hand.  The thought of
rubbing it into his own flesh, onto his own cock, filled him with apprehension.
 He knew all too well from his own experience, that semen was a  liquid not
easily absorbed into the skin.  He had often enjoyed sessions with Karen where
he had ejaculated over her face, and over her tits and then laughed at her vain
efforts to rub it in like some bizarre from of nourishing body cream.

'Get on with, you know how long it will take, so get on with it.  Up and down
the shaft, and especially on the head, all around the head and under the rim. 
You'll like that!'  Ken raised an eyebrow as he stared at the hapless Andy. 
'And just make sure that you don't cum, I know just how much you'll enjoy the
feeling, the warm sticky feeling, but just remember that it's my cum, and by
rubbing it in to your cock, you'll remember that from now on you're mine to
use!'

Resigned to his fate Andy used his relatively dry right hand and scooped some
of the sticky cream up to rub tentatively along his own shaft, still
semi-erect.  Finding that the sensation was not as unpleasant as he had feared
he cupped his left hand carefully and rubbed generous amounts of cum over the
full length of his shaft and used his other hand to scoop some over and around
the glans.

Ken smiled as he saw Andy's efforts.  It was clear that despite his earlier
reservations, Andy was beginning to enjoy the sensation.  As he rubbed the
cream into his own sensitive flesh he was beginning to develop a firmer,
stronger erection.

'Well done!  You're doing well now, just concentrate on the head, rub it well
in, rub it under the rim, it'll soon dry on you!'

Andy continued his efforts, finding the creamy stimulation ever more
pleasurable, finding that his erection grew as the bare, swollen, distended
glans was stimulated.

'Stop!  That's good enough.'  Ken looked at the swollen shaft, the glistening
head, covered with a rich sticky sheen of drying cum.  Now you can walk back to
your room, go to bed and dream of how you are now completely mine!  Oh, just
remember, don't bother to wash, leave it there until I tell you to shower.  Now
- go!'

Shamefaced, Andy began to walk away down the corridor, the cooling air on his
coated phallus giving yet another sensation, yet another stimulus, as it swayed
from side to side.

'Stop!  Almost forgot to tell you.  Keep repeating your lesson out loud until
you get to bed!'  Ken was triumphant as Andy cleared his throat.

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

Ken stood and watched as the voice faded down the corridor.

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

The retreating naked ass showed the thin red stripes as a reminder of Ken's
special lesson.

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'



With the thought that Mistress Greta would be pleased with his efforts, Ken
moved happily towards his shower.





End of Part 41


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 42 - Karl is Warned



Greta woke slowly, aware, behind her closed eyes of sunlight flooding the room.
 Aware of morning.  Aware of movement besides her in bed.  Rhythmic movement. 
Heavy breathing.

Karl was masturbating!

Greta lay still, feigning sleep as she listened to Karl's heavy breathing, felt
his slow steady movement as his hand, his fist, worked the length of his shaft.
 Despite herself, she felt the familiar wetness seeping between her thighs, her
naked thighs.

Despite her irritation at Karl's behavior, she knew that it was not unusual,
nor did she normally object.  After all, she had to admit, she masturbated
regularly, stimulated herself in various ways, before sleep and again on
waking, but this time, in some indefinable way, she was irritated.

Moving slightly, as if still in a restless sleep she adjusted her position so
that she could discreetly squeeze her thighs and so tease her clitoris.  Her
change of position had the added benefit that she could just touch, just gently
flick, her left nipple as she lay facing Karl.  Karl, who had continued
masturbating without missing a beat, without missing one rhythmic stroke.

As she gently teased her nipple with her nail, Greta reflected on the events of
the previous evening.  Events that, she was certain, had been enjoyable and
arousing, not only for herself but for her friends as well.  Their
contributions to the long party had been well received, and each had performed
as expected, perhaps, in some cases, better than expected.  Even so, her
thoughts turned to Karen.  Karen who had been in the center of attraction for
much of the past couple of days.  Karen who had been bound and humiliated and,
she had no doubt, aroused as well.

She carefully adjusted her position again as she sensed Karl's continued steady
strokes.

Karen!  Perhaps the most desirable slave she had ever taken under her wing. 
Total willingness to enjoy the sweetest sapphic pleasures as well as the more
brutal, coarser, pleasures of the rampant male.  And, more importantly, she
enjoyed the pleasures of bondage, of strict restraint.  Truly, she was
exceptional.  Even, she thought, Agnes, who always set her own high standards,
had to admit that she was special.  Greta knew how much Agnes liked, indeed
loved, to torment another female to her very limits, and she knew that the
previous evening she had held Karen on the very knife edge of an orgasmic
explosion for perhaps the longest time she had ever seen, had ever thought
possible.

The steady stokes beside her seemed to be increasing in intensity, in vigor. 
Determined to allow Karl his personal pleasure for a while yet, Greta moved,
still feigning her sleepiness and threw her arm across Karl's bare chest.  She
smiled secretly as she felt his furtive stoking cease for a few long moments
before once again resuming at a slower, steadier and more discreet rate.

Satisfied that she had held his urges in check for a while longer, Greta
continued to reflect on Karen, as she slowly teased her own rigid nipple,
squeezed her bulging clitoris between her naked wet thighs.  Yes, she thought,
Karen did very well again, especially[  when she was hobbled and ring-gagged. 
The fact that Karl had been the only male to take proper advantage of her
perfectly shaped gaping mouth had been something of a disappointment, but, even
so, it was always good to see a true demonstration of female submission.  Good
to see a willing female offer her alternate orifices to the male member.  Good
to see the female swallow, willingly gulp, the creamy juices from a rigid
spurting cock.

The slow stroking, the heavy breathing, continued besides her, the bed moving
gently in time with the movement.

Yes, it was good to see Karen be suitably humiliated, to see her used in a
proper way but, nevertheless, there was an irritation, a feeling if
dissatisfaction.  Greta frowned as she tried to recall the exact circumstances
as Karl had ejaculated into the willing mouth.  Yes!  Exactly!  Karen had
annoyed him by not making him cum exactly on cue as slave Andy had competed his
own humiliation by masturbating, by ejaculating, by staring at his own swollen
cock, all in front of a critical audience.

Karl continued his stroking, breathing more heavily as, Greta could sense, he
reached towards his climax.  Time for another restless move, this time rolling
on to her naked front, crushing her ample breasts into the silken sheets as her
arm pressed more insistently across Karl.

Yes, that was it.  That was what had annoyed Greta.  She remembered, more
clearly as she focused her mind.  It was Karl's reaction as Karen had failed to
bring him to a climax at the right time.  There was every reason to punish a
slave, any slave, who did not serve in a proper and efficient manner.  Slaves
needed, even expected, punishment. But, in this case, it was hard for Greta to
accept that, using only her mouth and tongue, admittedly a very agile tongue,
that she could judge precisely, to the second, her progress in arousing her
husband.  After all, who could tell how much self stimulation he had enjoyed
before he had thrust his hardened member into Karen's gaping mouth, her soft
warm throat.  Yes, he should have shown his displeasure, even, Greta thought,
inflicted some immediate punishment, but somehow this time it did not seem
proper, did not seem to be properly administered.  She continued thinking as
the slow strokes continued besides her.  Then it dawned on her. Karl had
committed what was, in her eyes, the ultimate crime, he had lost his temper. 
He had hit a slave in anger.  He had punished a slave when he had not got his
emotions under proper control.

Greta slowly simulated an awakening causing Karl to stop his furtive stroking.

Yes indeed, that was it.  It was always possible, indeed it was the proper
thing to do, on such occasions, to simulate anger, to simulate temper even,
but, and Greta had no doubt, it was unforgivable to actually lose one's temper
with a slave, any slave, and especially with a slave who was clearly so very
talented, so very willing to serve and to learn.  Punishment administered in
anger could only lead to one thing.  Damage, physical or mental, or perhaps
both, to the slave in question.  Serious damage even.  An event that Greta had
always striven to avoid.  She enjoyed, even needed, the chance to play with, to
use slaves, male and female, for her own, for mutual pleasure, but there was no
future in risking real lasting hurt on any of them.  After all, they had
entered her service voluntarily, at first, and she felt morally responsible for
their well-being.

Time to deal with Karl.  Time to assert herself.

Greta stretched and rolled over and, seemingly casually, reached over and
found, as if by chance the rigid member straining up across Karl's flat naked
stomach.



'Ohmigod!  What's this my dear?'  Greta pretended to talk sleepily as if
freshly awake.  'Can I have some of that?'  As she spoke she insinuated her
naked body against Karl and opened her legs.  She took his hand away from his
erection and placed it between her legs. Placed it on a warm wet mound, wet
swollen lips.

'You see, my dear, I need to be fucked!  Are you going to oblige me?'  Greta
spoke in a soft voice, using her usual wiles to arouse her husband even more.

'Dam right I am!'  Karl struggled to climb on top of her.  'I'll fuck your ass
off right now, make you beg me to stop!'

Greta smiled.  'I doubt that my dear, but you can try.  Here, let me help you.'
 She reached down and, grasping the straining cock, guided it to the moist
entrance to her velvety tunnel.  'Go on, ram it in, deep and hard!'

Karl needed no further encouragement, and with a vigorous thrust, stretched the
well lubricated cunt as he sank as deep as he could.

'Ohhhhhh!'  Greta gasped.  'Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Just keep your cock right
there, hard against the top of my cunt and let me feel the heat, the hardness.'
 As she spoke she held her arms tightly around Karl's naked back and crossed
her legs behind his, trapping him in her depths.

'Yesssssss!'  Karl hissed as he felt the sensation, the tightening of the warm
flesh round his engorged phallus.  'God!  You'll make me cum just by holding me
if you're not careful.'

Greta wriggled slightly, increasing the pressure of the root of the hard pole
against her own hardened clitoris.  Wriggled slightly and rubbed herself
against the erection.

'Yes, yes, yes!'  Karl gasped.  'Don't stop!'

Greta continued to wriggle herself, her clitoris, against the straining cock,
as she brought herself nearer and nearer to orgasm.  She was determined to get
some pleasurable relief before she relaxed her grip, before Karl could have the
chance to cum, to flood her depths with his cream.  Wriggle.  Tense muscles. 
Push against the weight on top of her.

Inevitably her orgasm built, but, with benefit of experience, Greta, for once,
managed to suppress her usual vocal responses and merely allowed herself the
slightest shudder as the waves of pleasure flooded through her body.

'Did you just cum?'  Karl was unsure.

'Nearly my dear, nearly.'  Greta smiled, determined this time to keep her
pleasure to herself.  'I think it would help if I got on top of you!'

Eagerly, Karl struggled free and withdrew his now glistening rod, holding it
delicately at the root as he moved to lie on his back.  Holding it upright,
vertical, in readiness for Greta to impale herself.  'Quick, quick, fuck  me
fuck me now!'

'Soon my dear, soon.'  Greta smiled at her waiting husband as she straddled him
and opened her dripping, heavily lubricated labia, as she slowly, with infinite
patience, lowered herself down the solid erection.

'God, no too slowly, not too slowly, for pity's sake!'  Karl gasped at the
tantalising descent, as the hot warm flesh slowly engulfed his cock.  He
attempted to thrust upwards, towards the descending cervix, but Greta held him
down with a pressure against his chest.

'Silly boy!  Now I'll have to start all over again!'  She slowly pulled away
from the cock until the merest tip of the engorged glans was held between her
slick labia.  'Now, be patient!'

Again she slowly, almost imperceptibly, lowered herself.  Closing her eyes she
enjoyed the sensation, the torment to her own emotions.  This time, she knew,
she would manage to cum again.  This time, she knew, she would permit herself
to vocalise, to shout, to scream.  She knew she could hold her husband back,
hold his own orgasm back with the promise of allowing him to fuck her as hard
as he could, to thrust deep, hard and repeatedly, into the depths of her, now,
incredibly wet cunt.

Karl controlled his urge to thrust as the warmth of the wet cunt flesh slowly
descended, slowly enveloped his straining cock.

'Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh!  Yesssssssssssss!  Cummmmmmmmmmmminnggggggggggg!' 
Greta screamed loudly, hoarsely as the waves of pleasure flowed through her,
her pulse thundering in her ears.  'God, what an incredible cum!'

'You liked that, did you, and all by yourself.'  Karl smiled happily up at the
sweating, shaking naked body, the heavy pendulous tits swaying, slapping
against each other, their nipples almost erupting with their hardness.  'Now
let me fuck you properly.  Then you will, and I do mean will, scream for
mercy!'

Greta kept her weight hard down on Karl's body, feeling the pulsating flesh
deep inside her, as Karl struggled to start thrusting.  Kept the pressure on as
she enjoyed, savored the fading waves of pleasure, as her orgasm subsided.

'C'mon, I need to fuck too you know, I've gotta fuck you now.'  Karl spoke
harshly, desperate for his own pleasure.  'Let me work on your fucking cunt,
you fucking bitch!'

Greta sat up and smiled to herself.  'Soon my dear, soon, let me balance myself
properly.'  She sat upright on the impaling weapon and settled herself
carefully, taking her full weight on her knees. Steadying herself with one hand
on the bed, and the other behind, hanging limply across the sweating crease
between her rounded cheeks.

'About time too!'  Karl started to thrust upwards. 'Let me wear that fucking
cunt out for you.  Fucking bitch!'

'My dear, no need to be so coarse you know, just get on with it and fuck me
properly!'  Greta spoke coolly and evenly, despite her resentment at Karl's
coarse approach.  She recognised the signs.  He was losing his temper, he was
letting his desperation for orgasm overcome his common sense.  How very
masculine, she thought, how so like a man, letting his balls rule his brain.

'Sorry!'  Karl panted and began to thrust brutally.

'Let me help you, let me help you to cum!'  As she spoke Greta moved her free
hand downwards and felt for the slippery balls, liberally coated in her free
flowing lubricant.  Her sweet juices!.

'You want me to squeeze them and milk you?'  Greta struggled to keep her voice
even.

'Yes, yes, but not too hard, you know how delicate they are!'  Karl panted as
he felt the fingers slide and slip over the sensitive shaven sac, felt the
gentle insistent pressure.

'Like this?'  Greta whispered as she grabbed the slippery sac in her hand and
squeezed as hard as she could. Feeling the testicles attempt to go their
separate ways in the paper thin sac.  'Like this?'  Another deliberate increase
in pressure.

'God, noooooooooo!' Karl screamed out, the intense pain coursing through him as
the delicate organs were crushed in Greta's vice like grip.  'For pity's sake
let me go, you're hurting me!'

'Not unless you lie still and listen to me!  Now!'  Greta gave a final tug, and
a vicious twist.



'Ahhhhhhh!  Yes, yes, yes!  Just let go!'  Karl gasped as his eyes filled with
tears at the unaccustomed pain.  Inevitably, the insistent pressure on his sac
and the delicate contents had had a deflating effect on his erection.

Greta smiled to herself as she felt the stiff column of flesh shrink inside
her, slipping down her wet channel. Strange, she thought, how a man liked his
balls teased and pulled.  Up to a point!  The dividing line between pain and
pleasure was very finely drawn.  At the most basic level, men were, and always
would be, vulnerable at such intimate times.

'You remember last night?  When you pushed your cock deep into Karen's throat?'

'Yes, yes, of course I do!' Karl gasped.  'What of it?  You've never objected
before.'

'Oh, I'm not objecting my dear, indeed, to be honest I rather liked the sight
of your thick cock going deeper and deeper into her mouth.  Quite delightful
the way she gasped for air as you pushed into her throat.'

'Then ... then what?' Karl was puzzled.

'Simple, my dear.  You forgot our one strict rule when dealing with slaves. 
You lost your temper with her.'

'No, I did not.  Ouch, no not any more....'  Karl's protest was cut short as
Greta once again applied firm pressure to his testicles.  'Well ... yes,
perhaps I did get annoyed.  So would you!'

Greta, pleased with his admission so far, relaxed her grip.  'Yes, my dear, I
would be annoyed, I'm sure if a slave did not please me.  I know you wanted to
cum at the same time as the wretched Andy, at the same time as he spurted. 
But, just because she failed, you have no excuse to hit her in temper.  The
brutal way you struck her tits was unacceptable.'

'B-but...ouch!'

'I haven't finished yet.  You will never, I repeat, you will never, lose your
temper with a slave again, or you will suffer the consequences.' Greta sat up
and settled her weight, her engorged, wet labia, firmly on the limp cock
beneath her, grinding her pubis against her husband to emphasise her point. 
'Do you understand?'

'Yes, yes, stop hurting me.'  Karl whimpered as his soft penis was pressed
inexorably into his groin.  'But, you can't do anything about it.  I shall do
as I please with our slaves.  Our slaves!'  He emphasised the point.

'No, my dear, no.  Not our slaves, they are my slaves, mine!'  Greta eased
herself up and stretched her arms over her head lifting her pendulous breasts,
knowing that Karl was always fascinated by them, by the hard dark nipples. 
'Let me remind you of a few little home truths here!'

With that Greta eased herself off Karl's sweating body and sat on a chair
besides the bed, blissfully uncaring as she sensed her liberal fluids, her hot
sticky juices, dripping, being absorbed by the expensive fabric.  Just another
job for one to the slaves to clean later.  Preferably with their tongue, she
mused.

'Again, let me remind you.  I provide the money for the upkeep of this house. 
My money.  Mine, not yours.  My house, not yours.'  Greta folded her arms under
her breasts, gently lifting them in the process.  ' And let's not forget, it is
my business too!  My business!  My money, my skills, my expertise.  You need me
much more than I need you!'

'But, how could you say that, you know how much the business and this house
mean to me..'

'Quiet!  Just listen.' Greta was determined to have her say.  'As far as
everyone else is concerned, you will be the owner of the business, you will be
the executive.  The business and the house will be yours, in public!  But, you
and I know the real truth.  I keep you and, if want me to spell it out, I own
you!  Understand?'

Karl was aghast at he change in Greta's previous attitude.  She had always been
compliant and, despite the fact that he knew he owed everything to her, he had
tended to take her for granted.  'Yes, yes my dear, I do.  Very clearly.'

'Good!  So, let this be a lesson and a reminder.  I know how you feel about me
and I know your attitude is less than considerate at times, but don't make the
mistake of under-estimating me. Ever!'  Greta stood up and walked around the
room, the movement making her heavy naked breasts sway gently.  'Never, never
break the rules again and we can continue quite happily. '

'Yes, thank you my dear, I understand!  I promise!'

'Good.  You know that I have no problem with you when you use and fuck other
women, whether it's on your own , with me or in public, and I enjoy that, you
know.  And,' she looked meaningfully at Karl, ' I enjoy the same pleasures, the
same privileges..'

'Yes of course, we have always had a great relationship in those matters, and I
do truly appreciate that you know.'

'That's settled then?'

'Yes!'

'In that case, perhaps you'd like me to get back on top of you and carry on
from where we left off ... if you can manage it!'

'Oh yes, oh yes, just try me!'  Karl, desperate to please, began to stroke his
cock into another erection, the earlier sickening feeling as his testicle s
were crushed in Greta's hands forgotten as the familiar lust for the voluptuous
body grew and inflamed his mind.  'Come here my dear,  come here.'

Greta smile thinly and moved over to the bed and straddled him lowering her
still wet and engorged labia over the stiffening phallus.  'Why not just fuck
me now, and you can pretend, you can imagine that you are fucking Karen, even
perhaps punishing her for disappointing you.'

'Perhaps I will do just that!'  Karl smiled at his wife, pleased that she had
forgiven him his error.  Even so, he thought, While I fuck you, I shall think
of the ways in which I could revenge myself against you, dear wife.  'Let me
fuck you and think of her...just like old times Eh?'

'Indeed!'  Greta nodded, ' Just get on with it and fuck me, hard. I need to cum
a few more times before I shall be happy!'

Karl eagerly began to thrust upwards into the wet warm flesh.  His thoughts,
his fantasies, were filled with visions of having his wife, of having Greta,
tied and naked, spread wide.  Helpless and naked, while he tormented her heavy
breasts, her heavy fucking tits, with straps and ropes before he began to whip
her open cunt.  The very thought inflamed him to further efforts.

As the pounding cock worked into her depths, her wet velvety depths, Greta was
herself indulging her own secret thoughts.  She began to imagine that the cock
fucking her was no longer her husband, nor even Ken, her favorite male.  No,
definitely not Ken, big and exceptionally well developed though his cock was,
skilful though his technique had became under her tutelage.  No!  She was
fantasising about the new slave that Agnes had brought to the party, the
incredibly well hung black slave.  Peter!  Yes!  She lost herself in a series
of orgasms, induced by her husband but fuelled by the image of being fucked by
a very thick, very long, black cock.

Karl finished his thrusts into his wife, into her willing cunt, with a series
of extra deep, extra vigorous thrusts as he spurted his thick cream deep into
the wetness, fuelling his last spurting with the sweet image of his wife,
naked, helpless, pleading, begging, screaming for mercy as he whipped her
nipples and clit.

Slowly, wearily, the sweating naked couple drew apart and lay side by side on
the bed.



Karl, his fantasies satisfied in his mind, but, he knew, never to be realised
in real life.



Greta relaxed, her series of orgasms fuelled by her own fantasies about a long
gleaming black cock.  Fantasies that she was determined to realise in the
flesh, the wet and hard flesh, in the near future.  Once again she was
confident of her mastery of her husband, confident that he was completely under
her control.  A situation that the couple successfully concealed from the
outside world, from their closest friends, but a situation that, between them,
was acknowledged.



Greta got up reluctantly and walked towards the shower, her mind whirling. 
Images of the cock she desired, was determined to have, mingled with the
proposals she had soon to discuss with Agnes.





End of Part 42


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 43 - Greta Makes Plans



Savoring the warmth, the caressing warmth, of the hot shower, Greta took her
time rubbing the scented soap over her voluptuous curves.  Her curves.  Her
body.  Her breasts.  Her heavy tits.  Her pu.., no her cunt!  Savored the soft
sweet pleasures as her long slender fingers probed her fleshy creases, her
still tender clitoris.  A clitoris tender from the vigorous pounding that Karl
had given it as he had fucked her, more tender still following her gentle
masturbation as she stood in the hot shower.  Her thoughts ran wild as she
imagined how she would make use of Agnes' new slave, how she would use him to
pleasure her when the time was ripe.  How she would bind him helplessly so that
he was exposed, exposed and vulnerable to her wiles before she finally mounted
his massive erection.

Reluctantly turning the shower off she stepped out on to the cool tiled floor. 
As she rubbed her glowing body with the soft towel, as she dried herself
carefully under and around the heavy, pendulous breasts, dried herself between
her thighs, she forced the thoughts from her head.  Today was the day when she
had to make serious plans with Agnes.  Plans for their mutual pleasure, plans
to use Karen and Andy.  Perhaps, she thought, there might be an opportunity to
make some plans to finally remind Karl of his exact position in this house,
plans she might well share with Agnes.

Greta was aware that, although Agnes had a good relationship with Ron, her
husband of some twenty years, she had had a brief relationship with Karl which
had broken up, not through any resentment or opposition from Greta or Ron, but
rather from the increasingly unpleasant attitude that Karl had developed in his
relationship.  Yes!  Agnes would be a good ally in the process of putting Karl
firmly in his place.  After all she had herself been at the receiving end of
several of his ill-tempered outbursts.

Dressing casually in a soft top and dark skirt, without the encumbrance of any
underwear, Greta walked past the bedroom where Karl was still lying, obviously
still playing with his cock, despite his recent efforts, and down into the airy
breakfast room.  As she neared the room she could hear sounds of movement and,
as she entered the door, she was pleased to see that Agnes was already getting
her own meal.

'Good morning my dear!'  Greta greeted her friend cheerfully, 'Sleep well?'

Agnes smiled broadly.  'What do you think?  After all the pleasures in your
dungeon, and a night on my own, of course I slept well.'

'And?'  Greta raised an eyebrow.

'And what?  Oh, well of course I had to use my little toy first.'  Agnes gave
Greta  a knowing smile.  She was aware that Greta knew all about her favorite
toy, and knew full well that little was perhaps an inappropriate word to use. 
She had taken great pleasure in showing it to Greta when she had first obtained
it and had even allowed Greta to try it out, under supervision.  Under close
supervision.

'You devil!'  Greta leered.  'I could use one as little as that at any time,
and you know it!'  Greta was secretly rather jealous of Agnes.  She knew that
Agnes and her husband enjoyed a good time in bed, but she also knew that Agnes
liked the real pleasure, enjoyed the true pleasure, of self stimulation,
especially with her 'little' toy.  As she thought, she pictured the large,
richly sculpted, thick dildo combined with vibrator that she knew Agnes so
enjoyed.

'Well, Ron had to get back for a business deal so he left almost as soon as we
finished last night, and you know how I miss him!'  Agnes kept a straight face.
 'After all I have to keep myself in good shape.'

'Yes, yes, yes!' Greta was dismissive. 'More important, and more to the point,
did he take your slave back with him as well?'

'Ahhhhhh!  You scheming devil!' Agnes gave her friend a knowing smile and moved
across the room to hug her closely. 'Funny you should ask, but I assumed that
you would not object if I kept him here.  After all his accommodation is quite
secure.  In any case, even he could not get out of that collar and chain.'

'No worries, no worries at all.  I just wondered...'  Greta, pleased to realise
that the handsome male was still firmly restrained, could not hide her feelings
from Agnes.

'Of course you did.  And I was wondering if you had approved of him.'  Agnes
moved away from Greta. 'I can tell you that he comes, or rather he cums, highly
recommended.  He is a very good performer, and in my opinion even better than
your house slave.  Ken's got a great cock and a great technique, but ...  well,
you'll have to find out the hard way.  And I do mean hard!'

'Really?'  It was Greta's turn to be curious.  'Well you would know that I
suppose.  And what does Ron think about that?'

'He doesn't mind, of course, he loves the thought of me getting a good hard
fucking.  Come off it!  You and Karl have no problem when you fuck Ken and its
the same with me and Ron.'

Greta had to agree that that was true.  She was well aware that Agnes and Ron
shared the same values as her and Karl.  Slaves were there for mutual pleasure,
in any way shape or form.  There were some limits of course, in that it would
be unlikely that they would ever allow themselves to be at the mercy of one of
their slaves, male or female, but they, as did all of their friends, see no
problem with having rich and pleasurable relationships with slaves.  After all,
they were kept, at some cost, in good conditions and it was reasonable to use
them as they saw fit.  Yes indeed, she thought, use them and even abuse them
but always be careful.  She wondered what would happen if ever she dropped her
guard with Karen, if she ever slipped up and lost her control.  No!  Not her,
she was too careful.  She would never let a slave gain control over her.

Clearing her mind, Greta spoke. 'OK, hands up! I admit it.  He seems to have a
fine cock on him and I want to try him out at sometime, sooner rather than
later.  Mind you I'm not sure if he is going to be better than Ken in every
respect.  That's something I'll have to discover.'

Agnes nodded.  'Just how do we do that?'

'Well leaving us out of it for a moment, I do have a few ideas about that,
making use of Karen and Lisa.  Some sort of test where we can stretch their
limits a little, as well as other things!', Greta sniggered.  'But, first
things first.  You and I have to have some serious discussions today.  I have
great plans to make use of Karen, and the others in a lesser way.  Eat up and
drink up and then we'll go down to my office and talk there.'

Agnes nodded, her mouth too full to speak.  To have a discussion in Greta's
office could only mean that they would be looking at videos of the action of
the last few days.  Perhaps, if she was lucky, some live videos too.  She was
well aware of Greta's considerable investment and the vast array of video
technology that she had at her disposal.  After all she had video copies of a
number of memorable parties from previous occasions and she was keen to add  to
her library if possible.  Like her husband, she found that such erotic videos
were a considerable stimulant whether during masturbation or during more
conventional sexual activity.  Especially during masturbation!  No, she
thought, conventional was not the word that applied to their sex lives.

Greta calmly finished her food, knowing full well what was going through Agnes'
mind.  She was well aware that she had a secret passion for her video tapes and
she was well aware that Agnes would appreciate the privilege of sitting in her
office.  After all, even Karl spent relatively little time there.  It was her
place, her special place and only a very few of her friends had ever been
allowed in there; the banks of screens and recorders were something that her
friends guessed at but were never sure that they existed.

'Ready?  C'mon then!'  Greta wiped her mouth and stood up.

Agnes, perhaps a little too eagerly, followed suit.



Walking calmly down the corridor, Greta ran through her plans in her mind,
wondering how she could best explain them and how she could convince her friend
to take the role she had planned for her.

'Now, sit and down and get comfortable.  We may be here a while yet.' Greta
spoke soothingly.  'Just let me get comfortable first!'  As she spoke Greta got
into her large thickly padded recliner and slid her hand under the soft top,
searching for her favorite nipple.  'Be my guest!'

Agnes needed no further encouragement, she sat swiftly on the couch at the side
of the room, a position from where the array of screens were clearly visible,
and unbuttoned her blouse, exposing her heavy breasts with their dark flat
areolae.

'Now, my plan is this.' Greta eased herself slightly, and looked at Agnes.
'What I want to do is to use all this..,' she waved at the screens, most of
them just showing static images, '... and share our little pleasures with a
select few outsiders.'

'But...'

'No, hear me out!  I know what you are thinking but I am just as aware of
security as you are my dear.  What we get up to in private with our friends is
one thing, and that is one thing that we will always continue to enjoy.  But, I
feel we need an extra little kick at times. I think I have the idea, and I
think it could also be profitable to us, to you and me!'

'Now, that sounds good to me, so far!'  Agnes was happy to think that Greta may
be willing to share some of her expertise with her, some of her financial
skills.

'So, listen to me carefully.  Listen first and then you can ask me questions,
or, better, offer more suggestions.  What I propose to do is to use the
facilities here and link them to the Internet.  To let others see what goes on
in our special world, and to let others enjoy the pleasures that we enjoy.'

Agnes nodded slowly, her eyes bright.

'You see, I think that we have the means to show our activities to like minded
people, at a price of course.  I know, and you know, that there are people, men
and women, couples even, out there, who enjoy our pleasures.  They just don't
have the means to fulfil themselves like we do, so I think we could help them. 
Like a charity...' Greta couldn't resist laughing '.. a charity for profit, our
profit.  We invite subscribers to join our private club, and they can not only
see what we do but they can make their own requests. A kind of remote control
lust if you like.  OK so far?'  Greta paused as she saw the expression on
Agnes' face.

'Oh yes!  I like it I like it a lot!'  Agnes sat up and let hr heavy tits swing
free.  'But how do you propose to manage things?  And what about subscribers?'

'Easy!  I would only allow those people who already buy our videos so I know
that they will share similar tastes, and even more important, I know they can
be trusted.'

'Good, I feel happy about that, and perhaps they may introduce others, as long
as they are prepared to pay the price for being allowed to share our desires.'

'I like that, thank you!  We have the equipment, the facilities, and most of
the know how.  And as for that I have the best answer you could imagine. 
There, over there, is the answer..'  Greta turned towards the screens, flicked
a couple of switched and transferred one of the small images on to the large
central monitor.

Agnes stared at the image.  It was obviously a live picture, a live shot of two
naked females in a close embrace.  Both of them were lying side by side, eyes
closed.  She stared and realised that it was Karen with Lisa lying curled into
her lap.  Karen had got her arms around Lisa and was gently caressing her
nipples, something that she had obviously been doing for some time, judging by
Lisa's fevered expression and open mouth.

'Well..' Agnes answered uncertainly, the connection with Greta's conversation
not being obvious.

'Easy!  She is the answer.  Karen.  Slave Karen.'  Greta smiled triumphantly. 
'You see we both know that she is an excellent slave, she is well on the way to
becoming what I guess we could call a cum-slut, and who knows what else.  She
loves her status here, she thrives on her punishments, her torments.  She has
found a lover to use as she pleases. and, and this is the thing, she is a
brilliant with computers.'  Greta looked amused at Agnes' puzzled face.

'Is she ... how do you know?'

'Hell, Agnes, my dear, I paid her top wages when she worked in our business
down the road there.  She was first class at her job, outstanding I guess, and
she has the ability and, I suspect, the desire, to make all this work for us. 
She loves the position she's in so she will do this willingly and of course she
will still be paid for working for me.  The only difference here will be that
she has to have a little .. shall we say ... personal input.'

'I like it, I like it.  But what about her privacy, for what that's worth?  I
mean she could be...'

'No worries.  I have done some digging around and I know quite a lot about her,
much more than she realises.  Some stuff that we can turn to our advantage. 
No, as far as that is concerned we will be fine.  I have no intention of
publishing any stuff locally so the chances of her, or anyone else we show,
being recognised are really zilch.'

'Oh, anyone else?  Who do you have in mind?'  Agnes was intrigued and wondered
just what was gong through Greta's devious mind.

'Simple!  You of course.'  Greta paused as she savored the look on Agnes''
face.  'You will be the Mistress in charge of the dungeon.  You will be the one
who is in control ... as far as our subscribers are concerned.'

'Oh, I see.'  Agnes answered uncertainly.  'But what if anyone recognises me?'

'No one will, as I've just explained.  Anyway, they won't be interested in your
face.'

'Uh-uh.  What do you mean?'  Agnes sounded worried.

'It's so very easy my dear, very easy.  What I would like you to do is to be
the perfect dungeon Mistress.  I want you to work almost naked, apart from a
leather hood and a thong.  Oh and heels of course, high heels, really high.  I
want you to look absolutely in charge, to look cruel and vicious.'

'Well that bit won't be too hard!'  Agnes grinned.  'But what would I do?'

'Well, I want our subscribers, our members, to be involved, so I want them to
suggest what they want, to tell us what they want.  But I want you to carry out
their instructions, in your own special way.  You know how much you like to
deal with helpless females.'

'True, true.  And what about helpless males?'

'Ah, now here's the difference.  I don't mind helping others to enjoy the
pleasures of female flesh just as much as I, as we, do, but as for the male
element, I would like you to be in charge, on screen at least.  I want you
personally to deal with the male slaves, and you can get some practice in with
slave Andy.  You can use him, it, how you like, as much as you like!'

Agnes sat still, her hands casually cupping her heavy breasts, fingertips
casually brushing over her large aerolae, over her diminutive nipples.  Her
eyes were fixed on the screen behind Greta where it was obvious that Karen had
just given Lisa an overpowering orgasm.  'And the females?'

'Agnes my dear, anything you like.  Mind you there are some rules.  Behind the
scenes of course I will have to have the ultimate control as far as the females
are concerned, or at least as far as my own females are concerned, I will set
the limits.'  Greta paused, seeing the fleeting disappointment on Agnes' face. 
'But of course you and I have very similar ideas anyway, and when have ever
disagreed on how to treat, to torment, to humiliate one of our slaves.  This
time the only difference is that we can do it more publicly and in that way we
can inflict even more humiliation on them.'

'Yes!  I like it, I really do!'  Agnes lifted one heavy breast in both hands
and squeezed as hard as she could. 'This could be good!'

'So, the principle is agreed.  You can leave the running to me and of course
any money that we make, over and above my costs, we will spilt.'

'Than you my dear friend, thank you.  But, but what about Karl?  Doesn't he
have a say in all of this?'

'Don't worry about him.  He knows his place.  Everyone thinks he is the power
here but, let me tell you, that it's just not true.  And, just in case he
forgets his place, then I have you now to remind him!.'

'You don't mean...you can't mean...' Agnes found the prospect almost
unbelievable.

'Yes, I do!  I will tell you more another time but for now just let me say
this.  He knows his place around here, I have finally reached the end of my
tether with him and he knows it.  He thinks he can get round me but, believe
me, those days are past.  But, as far as that goes, I'll tell you more later. 
You know what he's like anyway!'

'Oh I do, I do.'  Agnes sighed, knowing full well how Karl could behave.  The
thought of having him under her control was a thought she could live with, a
thought she could savor.

'So, we are agreed?  You don't mind taking part and helping me?'  Greta reached
forward to caress Agnes' breasts.

'Yes, what can I say, I would be honored to join you.'  Agnes put her hands
over Greta's and squeezed.  'Hmmmmm  I like that, I like that a lot!  Perhaps
you and I should...'

'Shhhhh!'  Greta moved nearer and kissed Agnes full on the lips.  'Yes, we
will!  It's been a long time since you and I enjoyed each other.  Just bear
with me a little longer and then...'

'Mmmmmmmmm!'  Agnes exhaled, her eyes wide with anticipation.  There were times
when she enjoyed female pleasures without the assistance of ropes and straps,
without restraints, and there were times when she enjoyed being restrained and
at the mercy of a trusted friend.  Greta was in fact the only person, other
than her husband, who had ever been permitted to treat her that way.  Perhaps,
later, she and Greta would enjoy the delights of the dungeon.

'The answer is yes!'  Greta laughed as she saw Agnes' expression.  'Oh yes I
can guess what you are thinking.  The answer is still yes.'

Agnes smiled at her friend and again pulled her hands tightly into her heavy
breasts, happy in the anticipation of a pleasurable few hours under the control
of her closest friend.


'Anyway, patience.  Look, we'll discuss some more details later of course, but
let's look at some video stuff.  I have something that I think will interest
you!'

'Please!'  Agnes adjusted herself and eased down the couch, her hand staying
down to her thighs, preparatory to hitching her skirt.

'Naughty!  I think I'll join you in  a minute!'  Greta laughed and adjusted
some switches, before a tape deck whirred into action.  'Look at this, it may
give you some ideas for your new role!'

'Me?  What, who....'Agnes stared at the screen.  'Hey!  Isn't that your two
slaves there?'

'Yes, of course, who else do you think?'  And it's obvious what they are
doing.'

Agnes stared at the large screen.  'He's, he's playing with his cock!  My god I
didn't know that they got up to that sort of thing down there in the cells.'

'Greta smiled.  'Of course they do!'  She was well aware of the exploits of the
previous evening and she knew that Agnes would be entranced by the humiliation
that Andy was about to undergo on screen.  'Watch carefully.  The best bit is
yet to cum!'



Agnes stared fascinated as the action developed, her hands active on her
sensitive nipple buds, while Greta insinuated her hand between the firm thighs,
thighs that opened willingly at the touch of the cool hand.

'You like?'  Greta murmured, smiling slyly at her friend.

'Like, like what?  What you are doing or what they are doing?'  Agnes was
beginning to breathe heavily as the pleasure radiated from her wet crease. 
'Both of course, and just for the record who's idea was that little scene>'

Greta chuckled.  'You know my mind so well!  Ken will do whatever I tell him of
course, even if he doesn't enjoy it, but in this case of course, and you know
how true it is , he loves having his cock worked on.  Typical man , he loves
someone, anyone, to see how well-endowed he is.  Keep on watching, and just
remember that slave Andy is a newcomer to these special pleasures.  But, he is
learning fast!'

Agnes opened her legs wider to give Greta grater access as she concentrated on
her tits and began scratching and tormenting them with her long red painted
nails.

'Ohmigod!'  Agnes gasped as she saw the image of Andy cupping his hand to catch
the cream spurting from Ken's engorged cock, the swollen dark red mushroom
shaped head.  'Is he going to make him drink it?'

'No, better than that!  Look!'  Greta spoke with a satisfied tone, pleased that
her latest idea at pleasuring one slave while humiliating the other was about
to be revealed.

On the flickering screen Andy had begun to rub the copious sticky cream into
and around his own erection, an erection that was puny compared with Ken's
proud throbbing member.

'Watch, he really does like it!'  Greta was pleased at the reaction that this
humiliating task was extracting from Andy.  'I can't wait to make him do this
again, standing in front of his girl friend, sorry, his ex-girl friend,'

On the screen Andy was rubbing the last traces of the glutinous cream into the
head of his own cock.

'Well, what do you think of that then?'  Greta moved her hand faster across
Agnes' erect, rigid, clitoris.

'What can I say, absolutely wonderful.  I shall have to try that out later with
my man you know.' Agnes began panting. 'Ahhhh, don't stop, harder, harder, I'm
going to cummmmmmmmmmmmmm!   Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, yesssssss!'

Greta reluctantly moved her hand from between the wet warm thighs and
deliberately licked her fingers.  'Hush, my dear, and listen carefully, you
will like the final touch here.'

Agnes stared at the screen and saw Andy mouthing some words.

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

As Greta finished licking her fingers, Agnes dropped her heavy breasts and
clapped her hands.  'Wonderful, wonderful!'  She looked at Greta.  'That was a
superb touch, you really arranged that superbly!.'  As she spoke she pulled
Greta towards her and gave her a lingering kiss, probing her mouth deeply with
her pointed tongue.

Separating reluctantly, Greta moved to the control panel and switched the
picture off.  'Now, we should see what the girls are getting up to, I suppose.'

'Of course, hurry up and show me the screen, please!'  Agnes was impatient to
see more action.

'No!'  Greta spoke sharply.  'I have a much better idea!  We will go down to
the cells and deal with them in person.  We'll have a little fun using them
first before you and I have our own private fun.  And then we can tell slave
Karen just what she has to do.'

'Fine by me!' Agnes stood up and smoothed her clothes.  'And then?'

'You are so keen aren't you?  I promised you a little special time, perhaps in
our little play area and then we can start on rehearsing the sluts in their new
roles.'





End of Part 43


(c) 2002 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 44 - Private Fun



Unaware that Greta and Agnes had been discussing their future roles, Karen and
Lisa rolled blissfully away from each other and stretched their sated bodies.

'You know dear, sweet Lisa, I really do love you so much!'  Karen smiled
happily and blew a kiss at Lisa.

Lisa, equally happy, stood up and walked to the shower.  'And I love you too!'

In the corridor, Greta gave Agnes a malevolent look.  'You see, now I have
them.  I can use their love for each other to make them perform even better for
us.  Just have patience and you'll see what I intend.

Agnes merely grunted, impatient for the initial formalities to be over; she was
more intent on having some special pleasures of her own, although she
understood that Greta had to begin her explanations, and instructions, to
Karen.

'Aha!  What have you two been getting up to?' Greta walked into the room and
sniffed the air.  The smell of female arousal was strong in the air.  'Don't
bother to deny anything, I know exactly what you've both been doing!'

'Mistress, I'm sorry, I thought I had permission to ...'Karen began to speak
before Greta interrupted her.

'Of course you did, never worry my dear, I have not got a problem with you and
Lisa, after all you are neigbors and you are bound to have feelings for each
other.'  Greta paused and looked at Agnes, who was beginning to giggle.  'You
are bound, really bound, to have feelings, as I'm sure you know and enjoy.'

'O-of course Mistress, I understand what you are saying.  Are you ready to take
me, or perhaps us, back to the dungeon for more pleasure at your service?'

'No, no, no, I just want to talk to you a moment, and then I shall leave you
both alone...' Greta paused, and added, '...for now!'

Agnes moved across to the rumpled bed and sat on the edge, looking expectantly
at Greta.  'Do we want them both here at the moment?'

Greta shook her head.  'No!  Lisa, hurry up and get out of the shower.  Get
dried and then go to your own room.  Quickly!'

Lisa emerged, looking disappointed, and walked reluctantly back to her own
room.  Listened with a sinking heart as she heard the click of the lock and the
soft whirr as the shutter between the two cells was lowered into position.  Her
mind was in a turmoil.  What was going on?  Had she and Karen finally committed
some offence that they were unaware of?  Was Mistress Greta angry that they had
fallen in love?  Would she be allowed to sleep besides Karen again?  The
questions tumbled through her head as she sat sadly on her own cool, unused
bed.  She was aware of the soft murmur of voices in the adjoining cell but it
was impossible to make out the words.



In Karen's cell Greta began her explanation as Karen stood naked in front her,
legs spread wide and her hands clasped behind her head.  There was no real need
for her to be forced to display herself so wantonly, at least not yet, thought
Greta, but she knew that Agnes would enjoy the view of the lithe, supple, full
breasted figure and, after all, what were slaves for if not to provide some
pleasure.

'So, listen carefully.  I, we, want you to be our special performer in a series
of special scenes that we are planning.  The exact details need not bother you
at the moment, but I want you to understand that you are the most important
person in each one of them.  Is that understood?'

'Yes, of course. Your pleasure is my command as you know Mistress.'

'Good, good!  Now, there are one or two little formalities to sort out and I
will need your special technical skills to help me.'

'My skills?  What do you mean Mistress?'

'You are a competent person at your job?  You know how to handle all of this
new fangled technology, the sort of stuff that defeats me and my friend here.' 
Greta couldn't resist a secret smirk as she looked at Agnes.  They were both
aware that Greta was far from the simple minded woman that she liked to
portray.  In fact, Agnes knew full well that Greta had graduated, years
previously, with a first class degree and a subsequent Doctorate at a
prestigious European university before she had moved to her present location.

'Yes, Mistress, of course, now I understand.'  Karen replied, trying to appear
modest, but knowing full well that Greta must be aware of her own background,
her own graduate specialities.

'Good, then we understand each other.  We are going to ask you, ask, notice,
not order, you, to help us set up the necessary systems so that we can provide
private broadcasts, or is it netcasts that you call them, to some of my special
friends.'  Greta stared at Karen who nodded slowly.  'Set that up and then you
and one or two others will be able to, shall we say, star in your own private
productions.  Little performances that you will provide for an audience that
you cannot see.  Well, not an audience that you are used to at the moment,
although of course there will be opportunities for you to indulge those
pleasures from time to time.'

'Oh, you mean that I will have to do things on my own?'  Karen seemed
disappointed.

'Ha!  You will be doing all sorts of things on your own!'  Greta leered at
Karen, 'No, you will be assisted by someone who will make sure that do
everything and anything, that is required.  And, if you don't co-operate, that
person will make sure that you see the error of your ways.'

'Mistress?'  Karen sounded confused as she let her arms droop from their
uncomfortable position.

'Just think of it all as a performance with you, and others of course, as the
performers, and the other person as the compere in charge.  You'll rather like
it, I guarantee.'

'Mistress, may I ask who will be in charge?  Will it be you?'

'Anything that happens in this house is controlled by me!'  Greta spoke
sternly.  'But in this case, for your special performances, there will be
someone else, shall we say, helping me.  As to who it is, you will have to wait
and find out.'

'Sorry Mistress, I just wondered if I knew him.'

'Him?  Who said it was a him?  It might be a him or a her.  You'll just have to
wait and find out.'

Karen's face paled as she thought of the possible female that could be in
charge of her.  Surely not Agnes, surely Mistress would not allow that.

Greta stood up, satisfied that she had sown the seeds in Karen's mind.  'Agnes,
my dear, you can go and get ready if you like, I only have to discuss some
boring business arrangements here and then I'll join you.'

As Agnes left the cell Greta outlined her proposals to Karen and explained that
she would continue to be employed, at an enhanced rate.  The only difference
now was that her job description, and her conditions of service, had changed. 
After listening carefully to Greta's detailed explanations Karen felt relieved,
and happy, that her new way of life had been settled for her.  At last she had
found her true role, combining her own special secret pleasures, with her
skills, in a place that she could finally, after years of unhappiness, call
home.



Greta left the cell area and walked slowly down the corridor towards the
dungeon, the play room.



In the dungeon, Agnes had stripped her clothes off and was standing completely
naked on the central stage stretching and flexing herself.  She felt relaxed,
savoring the pleasure that was yet to come.  She knew that her private delights
were known only to two people, her husband and her friend Greta, and in fact,
her most secret delights were shared only with Greta.  The chance to indulge
herself was not easy to arrange and the fact that she had been left here when
the party had finished was a definite bonus.  As she cupped her heavy breasts
and jiggled them she heard the door open behind her.

'Wow!  You are keen!'  Greta paused and looked at the voluptuous figure.
'Couldn't wait to strip?  Perhaps I'll m make you regret it soon!'

Agnes merely laughed.  'You know exactly what I want.  And you want it too, so
don't pretend otherwise.  Are you sure we will not be disturbed?'

Greta nodded.  'Not a problem, dear one, I'm just going to lock the doors and
then we can begin.  Just stand and present for me, please.'

Agnes quickly assumed the position, legs wide, arms behind her head.  'And the
cameras?'

'My dear, my dear, do you think I would record all of this?'  Greta shook her
head sadly.  As far as Agnes was concerned she had turned the cameras off, but
in fact, she had had no intention of so doing.  The possible uses of a secret
tape recording her friends private pleasures were countless.  It was always
wise, she thought, to make sure that you had control over everyone, everything,
and filming Agnes in some of her most private moments was just another means of
control.   The fact that she herself would feature in any recordings was of no
concern, she controlled the tapes and she was, as always, in charge.  There was
a slight risk, a minuscule risk, that someone would use the tapes, if they
could find them, and use them against her, but that was highly unlikely.

Agnes stood expectantly, eyes bright and, despite their small dimensions, her
nipples were radiating warm sensations, her clitoris was hardening and she knew
her juices, her copious juices, were beginning to flow.

'Now my dear, You are going to be my slave for the next hour or so,  you will
do exactly as I wish and you will only cum when I allow it.  And cum you will. 
I shall allow you only one chance of cumming but, when I think you are ready, I
will give you the most intense cum you have felt for a very long time.  Since
you were last at my mercy in fact.'

Agnes stood stock still, transfixed at the thought.  She knew how skilled Greta
was, and, having experienced such intense pleasure before, she knew she was
ready, desperate, for a repeat performance.

'Now, I have a few new little ideas, so do as I tell you.'  As she spoke Greta
moved some equipment onto the stage and positioned a trestle-like device in
front of Agnes.  'Stand here, like so.'

Greta bent down and clamped a long metal spreader bar, made of strips ofd two
inch wide steel plate around each ankle, holding Agnes' bare feet a full three
feet apart.  Carefully she tightened the bolts holding the two strips together,
making the circular clamps grip Agnes firmly.  Satisfied with her efforts,
Greta moved the trestle closer to Agnes, so that the padded cross bar nestled
against the top of her thighs.

'Put your arms behind your back and keep still while I lace this up!'  Greta
produced a black leather arm cuff and carefully pulled it over Agnes' hands,
held palm to palm.  Making sure the fingers were carefully aligned she pulled
the laces tight before she eased the supple leather up the naked arms. 
Satisfied that the leather had been smoothly stretched well above the elbows,
Greta continued to pull the lacing tight.  Sufficiently tight for Agnes to gasp
as the compression began to bite into her consciousness.  Pleased with her
efforts, Greta tied the ends firmly and experimentally lifted the unresisting
arms, making Agnes bend over slightly.

'Good!  Good!'  Greta stood back and looked at Agnes, now panting slightly in
anticipation.  'Let me adjust the chain and then I'm nearly ready for my
special treat.   Agnes could hear the slight rattle as the overhead pulley was
adjusted, before she felt a tug as Greta fastened the hook into the ring sewn
solidly into the end of the gloved hands.  'Ready?'

Agnes nodded, staring at Greta, eyes wide and moist lips parted.  'Yes!  Make
it hurt me, please.  I really need to feel this today, it's been such a long
time.  Go on, hurt me please.  Now!'

Greta smiled as she pulled the chain upwards.  As the hook rose relentlessly
Agnes began to bend forward in reaction to her arms being lifted, bend forward
over the carefully placed padded bar.  Greta kept hoisting the chain until
Agnes was bent over horizontally, her arms high behind her and her heavy
pendulous breasts hanging and swinging freely below her.

'Like?'

Agnes had difficulty in answering in the position she was forced to adopt but
managed to gasp 'Yes, yes Miss, I like it, thank you for hurting me.'

'Good!  I see you know your place.'

'Of course I do Miss, I want you to hurt me and make me beg for more.'

'You will, you will.  Now keep still while I fix this.'  Greta held up a
contraption of leather straps in front of Agnes face.  She shook it mockingly
and then began to fasten the straps around her head, under her chin and around
her neck.  Smiling as she saw Agnes staring wide eyed she pulled the straps
tighter.

Agnes began gasping as she looked up and tried to speak but the strap under her
chin made it difficult.  'What are you doing?  I can hardly breathe!'

'Nonsense, just lower your head and you'll be fine.'  Greta ruffled Agnes' hair
in a friendly fashion.

Agnes lowered her head and found that she could indeed breathe more easily even
though speaking was still difficult.

'Now, just one more thing and then I'll play with you.'  Greta moved behind
Agnes and fastened a thin chain to a convenient loop fixed to the top of the
head harness.  Stretching upward she carefully threaded it over a pulley and
brought the other end down to the steel bar between the outstretched legs.

'Lift your head up, my dear, nice and high!'

'But, but I can't...'

'Shut up and do it, now!'  Agnes stopped trying to speak and raise her heed as
far as she could.  Satisfied with her efforts, Greta then fastened the lower
end of the chain to the steel spreader bar.  'There you are, all done!'

'But, please, I can't breathe!'  Agnes was going red in the face.  'I can't
breathe properly!'

'Like I said, nonsense, all  nonsense.  Just stand on tip toe and you will find
that you can lower your head.  No problem you see, just try it!'

Agnes listened and tried standing on tip toe, her bare feet arched against the
floor, her toes struggling to get a grip as she forced her bare heels higher. 
As she did so she found that she could indeed lower her head sufficiently to
enable to breathe with no problems.   'Ahhhhh, yes, that's better.  Are you
going to adjust the chain a little for me, please.'  Even as she spoke Agnes
knew that this was a vain hope.

'No, I'm not.  Just stand on tip toe and you'll have no problems.  Stand flat
and you'll struggle, so the choice is easy, the choice is yours.'  Greta
slapped the firm bare ass. 'Enjoy!'

Agnes tried to adjust her position to find a reasonable compromise but the
final choice was inevitable, stand on tip toe, bare feet painfully arched, toes
aching to grip the floor, and breathe.

'Now, how does that feel, let me know in an hour, or two, unless I decide to
cane your bare soles a few times to make it more interesting.'

'You wouldn't?' Agnes gasped.  'Would you?'

'Yes!  I would.'  Greta bent down and picked up a thin flexible cane and began
flicking it against the smooth exposed soles as the bare feet strained upwards.
 She knew full well that the only way Agnes would get any relief was to lower
her feet, but then she would struggle to breathe.  She knew that she would
enjoy the next few minutes as she punished the soft soles in between Agnes'
painful gasping.

Satisfied with her efforts, and satisfied in seeing the sheen of sweat over
Agnes' body  she stood up.  'Now for the main course. Your lovely tits!'

Agnes stood higher on her arched feet and gasped.  'Please hurt my tits, whip
my tits, please hurt them,'

'Oh I will, I will. Let me fix these first.'  Greta picked up an handful of
strong elastic bands and, carefully stretching each one, began slipping them,
one at a time, over each hanging, sagging heavy breast.  As each one was put
into place, the base of each tit was compressed more until Agnes was bending
over with two melon shaped globes hanging down, the areolae engorged and even
her small nipple buds beginning to swell slightly.  After fixing the final band
in place Greta began slapping each tit, each swollen breast, in turn, making
them sway and jiggle.  Making them glow redder over the dull purplish shade
that each compressed globe had begun to develop.

'You like?'  Greta continued slapping each hanging tit.  'You like?'

'Agnes still alternating between gasping for breath ands standing on tip toe,
gasped.  ''Yes, harder, harder, harder. I love it!  I love it when you hurt my
tits!'

'Well, you did ask!' Greta increased the ferocity of her blows and concentrated
on the ultra sensitive areolae.

'Oh my god, so wonderful so good.  Hurt me hurt me.'  Agnes began screaming her
pleasure.

Greta paused and picked up a bottle of baby oil.  Pouring a small amount into
her hands she began to rub the warm liquid into each of the swollen tits,
coating them until they gleamed in the light.  Rubbing more oil into each tit
Greta continued her rubbing until Agnes began to gasp with pleasure.

'Something a problem, my dear?'

'No, no,. I just like that.  Don't stop yet.'

'I don't intend to my sweetest.  See how you like this.'  Greta changed her
stance and, using two hands, began to tease and pull each tit downwards in a
motion that could only be likened to milking.  Agnes moaned with pleasure,
luxuriating in the feeling of her smooth tits slipping through the grasping
hands.  Grasping hands that pulled each tit to an exquisite point.  'Like it? 
Shall I pull them harder for you?'

'Yes please Miss, pull my tits, pull them, milk them, hurt them please!'

'Oh, I haven't finished d yet, my dear.'  Greta sniffed.  ' I do believe you
are leaking!  Let me have a look'

Greta moved around and knelt behind the bent sweating body.  As she looked
between the outstretched legs she could see the strands of sticky juice slowly
descending from the engorged and smoothly trimmed labia.  'My dear, your cunt,
your cunt!  It's so wet, like a dripping sponge.  It's making a mess on my
floor.'

'Sorry Miss, sorry!  Agnes gasped as he pain in her tits competed with the pain
in her extravagantly arched feet.

'I'll have to punish you some more you know.'  Greta smiled as she swung her
hand and delivered a hard slap against the tautly stretched ass.  She looked in
pride at the red hand print which rapidly developed.  'More?'

'Yes, yes, yes.  Keep on hitting me, make my ass hurt and burn.  You've already
made my tits hurt and my feet are aching so much.  Make me feel pain all over,
please.  I need to feel the pain, now.  Now!'  Agnes was beginning to lose
control as she felt the pleasurable glow spread from her tits to her wet cunt. 
From her arched bare feet up her legs to her wet cunt.  The pain from her
slapped ass spread to her wet cunt.  Agnes knew she was getting hearer to a
climax, she knew from the way that all of the pain, all of the pleasure pain,
was focusing on her wet cunt.  Slowly, remorselessly, her wet cunt was becoming
the center of her universe.  Her cunt.  Her wet cunt.  Her dripping, soaking
wet cunt.  Her cunt!  Desperate to cum.

Please by the reaction she was getting Greta kept slapping the quivering cheeks
as hard as she could, and delivering occasional blows to the reddened hanging
tits.  Slapping and smiling as the arched feet settled on the floor for blessed
relief. Smiling as the bare feet stretched back on to the straining toes.

'Soon, please, soon!'  Agnes was beginning to beg for the release that she now
desperately needed, as the pain from all over her body centered more and more
on her now continually dripping cunt.  Her richly flowing juices had always
been a source of pride to her, and now they were again a source of pleasure as
she felt the warm sticky fluids slowly trickle down the inside of each
straining, aching thigh.

Greta continued alternating her blows, keeping the tits swinging before she
bent down and looked between the straining quivering thighs.  Smiling to
herself she saw, between the rich strands of cunt fluids, of cunt juice, that
the proud clitoral bud had hardened and extended out of its soft protective
sheath.  Sticking out and wet, glazed in the rich flow from the engorged cunt.

'Soon, my dear, soon.'  Greta knelt down and picked up the cane once more and
began lashing the exposed soles, at the aching straining bare feet.  Satisfied
with the almost continual groans and pleas for relief she threw the cane down
and moved her hand up between the glistening thighs.

And waited.

'Please, let me cum, please!'  Agnes made desperate attempts to wriggle, to try
and stimulate the sopping flesh but the relentless spread of steel at her
ankles prevented her getting any relief.

Greta waited, looking at the straining bulging clitoris.

'Please!  Pleeeeassseeeeeeeee!'

Taking pity on her wailing, begging friend, Greta reached up and taking care to
choose her target precisely, she touched the reddened rigid bud with her
forefinger.  Touched the sensitive, incredibly sensitive, clitoral head.  

Gently!

And then, with a vicious smile, she slowly scraped her nails along and around
the engorged bud.

'Ohmigod, ohmigod!   Ahhhhhhhhhhh!  Yessssssss!  
Gretaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!'  Released at last Agnes screamed her
pleasure, screamed her friends name.

'You like?'  The scratching, the tormenting, continued.

'Gretaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!'

Pleased with her efforts Greta finally stood up and stroked the throbbing tits
before she bent down and ;looked in Agnes' staring eyes.  'Enough?'

'Yes, yesssssssssssssssssss!'



Greta let Agnes remain bending, feet arched and body burning before she finally
took pity and began to remove the elastic bands from around the tits, smiling
as Agnes screamed with the pain of the returning blood flow.

Finally, head freed and feet firmly on the ground Greta released the steel bar
and helped Agnes to stand unsteadily, her sore and tormented bare feet flat on
the soothing cold floor..



Greta grimaced as she looked at the sweat streaked body, the sticky stains
running down the thighs.  'I think you'll need a shower my dear.  If you need
any help do let me know'

Agnes gasped her gratitude and hugged her friend.  'Please!  Please give a
gentle shower and finish my pleasure for me.'

'Let's go then,' Greta hugged her naked friend, pulling her close and kissing
her before she continued, 'and once we're dressed again we can make some
detailed plans for our first netcast!'





End of Part 44


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 45 - Training 1



Greta relaxed as she watched Agnes complete her shower, relaxed as she looked
at the heavy swollen breasts, hanging heavily with the large areolae pointing
downwards.  Downwards to the smooth shaven pubic area.  Greta always felt a
pleasurable thrill as she looked at the smoothness of Agnes' body.  A
smoothness that was a lasting tribute to the long and often quite painful hours
where Agnes had submitted to the therapists electrolysis.  A painful way of
ensuring such softness, but, as Greta herself knew, a price well worth paying
for the hours, years even, of enhanced pleasure that only such soft smoothness
could bring.

'Well, what do you want to say my dear?'  Agnes called across as she pulled on
her closely fitting trousers, her heavy breasts shaking with the effort. 
'Uh-uh, you don't approve of these?   Well, it keeps me, us, from getting our
hands wet for an hour or two!'

Greta resisted responding to the jibe.  'Now, I feel that we should make sure
that our little protege is well prepared for whatever may be required in
future.  Once she is available to our remote guests, remote observers, she must
not be allowed to disappoint them.  Or, 'Greta stared at Agnes, 'either of us!'

'Do you still want me to be the Mistress of Ceremonies?'  Agnes could not
conceal her eagerness for her planned role.

'Of course, and you will enjoy it I'm sure, I'm very, very sure!'  Greta was
quite aware of the exhibitionist streak that Agnes scarcely concealed.  Agnes
was without doubt much more out-going than herself even though she was, on
balance, Greta thought, less inventive, less depraved even.

Good, and I have to admit that the thought of being exposed and seen by others,
strangers even, is quite a thrill, when I think of them perhaps lusting after
my body, my tits, and perhaps even my cunt.  I wonder you don't want the job
for yourself.'

'No.  I don't mind, shall we say, performing  with you, my dear friend, but I
would be quite horrified at being exposed and even at the mercy of others.  I
don't think I would really make a very good slave.  Not like you, perhaps.' 
Greta gave Agnes a malevolent grin.

'One day, one day, perhaps you will change your mind!'

'Never!  Anyway we're not discussing my preferences, we're here to plan our
preparations for slave Karen.   I think she has done well so far, she has
responded well to the rope and the strap, and she has certainly displayed a
talent for enjoying prolonged cums.' Greta leant over and patted Agnes on the
shoulder.  'Thanks to you my dear we have started to train her to like extended
torments, to long for, almost beg for, more torment to her little clit.'

'Not so little, in my observation.  Have you checked her closely?'  Agnes stuck
her tongue out at her friend.

'Of course, and yes, I have looked, very closely indeed, and yes I agree with
you, but there is always room for improvement.'  Greta's eyes sparkled in
anticipation of future pleasures.  'No, I think our first lesson will have to
be to get her to learn true humiliation, to find pleasure in a submissive role.
 To feel humiliation, to enjoy it!'

'I agree, I agree.  What do you suggest we do to show her the true way?'  Agnes
settled herself comfortably in the chair and crossed her hands over her still
bare breasts and began to casually stroke and rub the small nipples centered in
the dark areolae.

'Oh my, you are feeling keen!' Greta smiled as she rubbed one hand between her
own slightly parted thighs.  'Now listen very carefully.  This is what I
suggest we do, and I am certain that when you have heard me out you will
agree.'



Greta walked down the corridor to the cells, looking briefly at Lisa, lying
naked on her bed, her hand between her thighs.  'Not yet my dear, your turn
will come later.  Perhaps even your turn to cum.  Who knows?'

Turning towards Karen's cell she entered.  Karen stood up, smoothly naked, and
faced Greta.  'Well done!  Now present!'

Karen spread her bare feet on the floor until they were some two and a half
feet apart and then clasped her hands behind her head.  Her heavy breasts were
lifted by the process and the prominent nipples pointed invitingly at Greta.

'I have a special treat for you today my dear, I want you to go to the dungeon,
our play room, and then I can explain further.  Go on, walk in front of me.'

'Mistress?'  Karen was puzzled.  'May I ask a question?'

'Yes.'

'Do you want me naked, or do you want me to dress...'  Karen looked uncertainly
at the shelves lined with spiked heels, at the drawers full of clothes
specially selected and provided by her mistress.

'No, today I want you to be naked, totally naked.  You won't be needing any
clothes for us, for me, today'  Greta smiled encouragingly.  'Now walk ahead of
me, on tip toe, so that I can admire the shape of your body.  Walk slowly.'

Karen lowered her arms and walked to the door of the cell and, pausing to raise
her bare feet on tip toe, she walked slowly down the corridor.  Walked,
conscious that her slow steps, on arched feet, were making her tits sway and
her rounded ass cheeks ripple provocatively.  Behind her she heard Greta murmur
appreciatively.



Agnes was waiting in the chamber and stared lasciviously as the naked Karen,
breasts jiggling enticingly , entered the room.  'Go over there.'  Agnes
motioned to the center of the stage where a large, chair like, device was
waiting.

'Stand by that, my dear, and wait for me.'  Greta walked slowly into the room
and smirked at Agnes, who had now put on a demure top, covering her heavy
breasts from the view of the waiting slave.

'Now, sit on the seat and lift your legs onto the sides.'

Karen sat gingerly on the thinly padded u-shaped seat, conscious as she did so
that there was no way she could hide her sensitive areas once she was seated. 
Carefully she lifted her bare legs on to the narrow metal supports that were
opened into a narrow vee.

'Sit back and wait!'  Greta spoke briskly as she moved behind Karen.   Working
swiftly she passed a narrow leather strap around Karen, across her hips and
fastened it tightly behind the chair, preventing any possibility of movement at
the hip.  Moving down to Karen's right leg she strapped her bare ankle to the
support before she extended a strange looking metal plate from under the
support.  Adjusting it carefully she held Karen's bare foot firmly and pressed
it hard against the plate while she used a thin leather thong to weave between
the bare toes and some corresponding holes in the plate.  Satisfied with her
efforts she pulled the ends of the thong as tight as she could before tying it
firmly under the plate.

'Hmmm!  I wonder just what you are planning now?'  Agnes was intrigued by the
procedure and watched closely as Greta repeated the process with Karen's left
leg and foot.

'Can you move now my dear?'  Greta looked at Karen, who dutifully tried to move
her lags and her hips.  Despite struggling she found that she was unable to
make any noticeable movement, her hips held firm and her legs stretched and
immovable.  'Good, good!'  Greta stood back and flicked a small switch at the
side of the chair.

'Ahhhhhhh!'  Karen gasped as the plates so firmly fixed to her bare toes
suddenly moved.  Moved downwards away from her as their supporting arms
extended.  Moved downwards pulling the bare toes, the bare feet, as the far as
they could.  With her legs held firmly by the leather straps at the ankles the
effect on Karen was to bend her feet downwards, arching them in exactly the
same way as if she had been wearing five or six inch heels.  Ankles bent
downwards, while her toes, her tightly bound bare toes, were held upwards in an
exact simulation of the effect that a pair of high shoes would have had.

Greta looked proudly at Agnes.  'What do you think of that little trick?  It
has the same effect on the slut as if she was wearing really high heels without
the inconvenience of any protection to the bare soles, her soft, ' Greta paused
and emphasized the words, 'her soft bare soles.  Just right to be tormented
whenever we feel like it.'

Agnes nodded eagerly.  She knew full well the effect that any punishment on her
own bare feet had, and how arousing she found the stimulation, the feeling of
helplessness combined with the exquisite pain.  'Oh yes!  I like!'

Greta turned back to Karen.  'Just wait a moment while we get comfortable and
then I'll tell you what to do.'  She motioned to Agnes to bring a couple of
chairs closer so that they could sit down next to Karen's captive legs. 
Flicking another switch Karen's legs were opened wider so that there was an
unobstructed view between the finely arched feet, up to the smooth thighs and
the puffy smooth labia.  'A little closer my dear, we need a good view.'

Agnes and Greta pulled their chairs closer as Karen stared down at them from
her punishment chair, from her tightly restrained position, lower body, legs,
feet, toes all helpless.

'Now!  Begin!'

'W-what, Mistress, what do you want me to do?'  Karen was confused as she saw
the two women stare intently between her open legs.  Stare at the puffy flesh.

'Masturbate of course!  Make yourself cum while we watch!'  Greta winked at
Agnes.  'Get on with it!'

'B-but....'

'Do it, get those fingers working.  Get that cunt wet and make yourself cum. 
You can do it when you like in your own bed, so do it for us now.  Now!'  Greta
spoke harshly.

'Yes, yes Mistress, sorry Mistress'  Karen tried to apologize as she pushed her
hands down towards her cleft.  Pushed her hands down and used her probing
fingers to open her labia, barely damp, to expose the inner bud, the inner
warmth, to the close gaze of her Mistress.

'Start fingering it now!'  Greta was getting impatient.

Quickly Karen, realizing that it would be unwise to disobey her Mistress, began
her familiar fingering motion, twirling between the inner lips and flicking
across the opening to her well used cunt, still sore from her earlier
exertions.  Slowly, but inevitably, the sensitive flesh began to show signs of
moisture, of wetness as Karen continued her stimulation.  A stimulation that
she found awkward in her strangely confined position.  Stimulation that, even
so, she was beginning to enjoy.

As her fingers flicked across her sensitive flesh, across the stiffening bud of
her prominent clitoris, Agnes began to exchange comments with her friend.

'Look at her little clit, so pitiful!'

'Yes, she has no idea how to pleasure herself.  Look how dry her pitiful cunt
is, even after that.'

'Perhaps she needs me to teach her a lesson in masturbation methods.'

'Agnes, my dear, that would be an excellent idea, but later.  Now, slut, '
Greta addressed Karen, ' Get on with it,. I want to see your juices flowing,
and your clit swollen to bursting.  I want to see you cum, and I want to hear
you cum.'

'Is she a real screamer when she makes herself cum, do you think, Greta my
dear. Like you!'  Agnes added maliciously.

'Oh she'll be a screamer when we have finished with her today.'

Karen struggled to concentrate her efforts, and her mind, on her task as her
fingers strummed continuously across her sensitive flesh, and into the entrance
to her rapidly lubricating cunt.  Struggling to spread her wetness for her
Mistresses to see, she worked feverishly on her swollen clit, but despite
frantic fingering, rubbing and flicking she could not bring herself near to the
edge, let alone make herself cum.

'Mistress.'  Karen spoke nervously, making sure that her fingers continued
their relentless stimulation.  'I, I can't do it.  I can't concentrate while
you are both watching me so closely.  Can I stop, please.'

'Useless slut!' Agnes snarled, 'Perhaps we should whip her cunt for her.'

'No my dear, no.  Have patience.'  Greta was conciliatory in tone.  'Karen my
dear, give your poor fingers a rest, they must ache by now, and I'm sure your
clit is getting so sore.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.'  Karen gratefully gasped as she moved her
hands away from her wetness.

Greta stood up and moved behind Karen to make some adjustments to the chair. 
As she undid some clips the back of the chair fell away to rest at a slight
angle below the horizontal.   'Now, my dear, lie back. Don't worry , you won't
fall.'

Cautiously Karen lowered her upper body onto the re-positioned support.  'Thank
you Mistress.  What should I do now?'

'Nothing my dear, it's more a matter of what I can do for you.  Wait!'  Greta
moved to one side and bent down to pick up a large board from under the seat. 
'Agnes, my dear, can you give me a hand with this.  I don't want to damage our
little slut.  Yet!'

Agnes got up and helped Greta to position the wide wooden board as she was
instructed.  Satisfied, they both stood back and admired the result of their
combined efforts.

Karen was lying motionless on the downward tilting chair, her legs still held
firmly and wide apart.  Her bare feet still held rigidly in their extended
position with her toes tightly bound.  Her upper body, the heavy breasts
hanging slightly to either side, was still free.

'Try and look up my dear.'  Greta instructed.

Struggling, Karen tried to raise her head as much as she could in her difficult
position.  All she could see within field of vision was a wooden board fixed
firmly across her waist.  Her view was confined to the smooth heavy curves of
her breasts, but below the waist nothing was visible.   Even her Mistress was
hidden from sight.

Karen could hear the slight click of the house phone, familiar from her
previous experiences in the dungeon.  'You can come in now, you have your
instructions.'  Greta's voice was soft but the words were still clear to Karen.

A faint draught blew across her slightly sweating torso as a door somewhere
opened.  Soft footsteps approached the other side of the board, accompanied by
a low murmuring.

Suddenly, without any warning, she felt cool fingers begin to explore her
swollen labia, to explore the dampness, the wetness.

'Ahhhhhhh!'  Karen could not prevent herself crying out at the sudden touch, at
the familiar pleasure.

'Not so much noise, slut.  You will endure whatever we wish, you'll have a
chance to scream later, I'm sure.  Now, just look to your right.'

Karen turned her head, even as the fingers continued their exploring, their
probing.  A shadow approached as she tried to focus.

It was a naked man.

A tall naked man.

A tall naked man with a massive erection!

It was Ken.

A smiling Ken.  Posing proudly as his engorged cock swayed upright just a few
feet in front of Karen's gaze.  A cock with the head bared and swollen, the rim
standing proud of the shaft, a superb mushroom shaped crown on the long thick
stem.



Greta's voice came faintly from behind the screen.  'Keep looking at that cock
my dear, just think what that cock could do for you right now!'  As she spoke
she emphasized her words with thrusts of her fingers into the slick cunt.

Ken merely stood and smiled slightly as Karen kept her gaze fixed on the
throbbing proud erection.  An erection that was exceptionally firm and rigid. 
An erection that she wanted to lick. To savor. To suck.  To swallow.  To fuck!

As she stared she felt herself getting nearer to the edge.  Any earlier
thoughts of embarrassment were lost in the pleasure of the steady and expert
probing of fingers.  Of fingers exploring the soft wet recesses of her cunt. 
Of fingers teasing her swollen clitoris.  Fingers!  Fingers!  Fingers
everywhere!  More than one hand!  More than one person!

Karen shuddered with pleasure as she realized what as happening to her.  She
was being expertly ,masturbated by two people at the same time.  Her body, legs
held wide, feet, bare feet, held in a grotesque parody of high heeled shoes was
being controlled, being brought nearer to orgasm, by both Mistresses.

Karen closed her eyes in ecstasy, stealing a quick glance at the swollen cock
as she submitted to the fingering, the masturbation, behind the wooden screen.

Karen was cumming.  She felt the waves begin to build up in her loins as her
clitoris was relentlessly strummed.  It was getting nearer, nearer.  Then,
suddenly, nothing!

Karen felt desperately disappointed.  So near cumming, so very near. 'Mistress,
please, please. make me cum, let me cum'  As she spoke she opened her eyes and
stared at the thick cock, still throbbing and pulsing, the head covered in a
sheen of pre-cum.

'Really, is that what you really want?'

Staring at the thick purple headed cock, Karen knew that she did not want to be
masturbated to a climax.  'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me please!'  Karen almost
screamed her frustration, her desperation.



Behind the screen Greta and Agnes exchanged triumphant smiles.

'Very well, you may have your wish.  Ken, come round here, you have a task!' 
Greta struggles to keep her voice even.

With a triumphant glance at Karen, who was staring longingly at his erection,
at the glistening pre-cum, Ken walked out of view.

'Have you changed your mind, slave Karen?'  Greta spoke loudly.

'No, Mistress, I want it, I need to cum.  Please.  I want to be fucked.  I want
a cock in my cunt.'

'Very well.  Here you are then.'

Karen held her breath as she felt the probing of a hard swollen cock against
her engorged labia.  Gasped as she felt it begin to slide slowly, slowly,
slowly into her waiting, flooded cunt.  'Ohmigod!  Yes, fuck me, fuck me, fuck
me!'

Greta smirked at Agnes. 'I told you she could scream when the occasion demanded
it.'  Changing her tone she addressed Karen.  'How does that feel, my dear? 
You like the feeling of cock in your cunt do you?'

'Yes, yes, I think so Mistress.'  Karen answered uncertainly.  Her mind was in
a whirl.  She could feel a cock enter her, she was certain that she could feel
a hand guiding the cock as it slowly entered her. but something did not feel
quite as she had expected.

'What is the matter slave?'  Greta called across the board, her hand holding
the erect cock and slowly guiding it, holding it, restraining it from fully
entering the wet cunt.  'I thought you wanted to be fucked.'

'Mistress I do want to be fucked, I need to be fucked.  I need my cunt
stretched.  I need my cunt fucked  and filled with man-cum.  Please.'  Karen
begged for relief as the hidden hand held the cock still, hard knuckles rubbing
her swollen, bursting clit as she felt the gentle pulsing of the swollen head
just within her eager cunt.

Greta smiled at Agnes, who nodded back.  'Just a little deeper then, slave,
just a little deeper.'

Karen felt the hand move and the cock sink further into her warmth before
another hand gripped the cock.

'Please, fuck me, fuck me please.  Cum in me please.'

'You want some cum do you?'  Agnes spoke for the first time.

'Pleaseeeee.'  Karen screamed her frustration.

As she drew breath she felt the cock being pulled out. She became aware that
the restraining hand, the restricting hand, was moving.  The hidden cock was
being masturbated.  She was certain of that.  Her frustration became even more
intense as she strained to stretch her legs, flex her bare toes, to grab at the
hidden cock.  The cock she needed desperately, urgently, deep, deep inside her.

The slow masturbation continued, the hand gently brushing against her swollen
labia on every stroke.  Even as it continued Karen wondered.  The cock felt
good.  Any cock would feel good!  But, this time, she had been expecting to be
entered, pounded, by a relentless hard erection.  Stretched by a swollen shaft.
 Stretched by a wide head with a rigid pronounced rim.  This cock did not feel
quite right to her.  Never mind, she thought, any cock will do.

A grunt sounded behind the board.  At the same time Karen felt a warm
stickiness against her clitoris.  A warmth that could only be hot cum, hot cum
jetted from a cock.

'Nooooooooooooo!   I want a cock in me, in my cunt, please, pleaseeeeee!' 
Karen screamed herself hoarse as she begged to be fucked.

'My dear, didn't you enjoy that, you wanted to feel hot cum after all?'  Greta
moved around the screen and spoke softly.

'Yes, yes...but...' Karen gasped in frustration.  'I wanted to be fucked.  I
needed to be fucked.  I wanted Ken to fuck me.  Please!  I beg, I'm begging for
cock.'  She stared desperately at Greta who smiled in return.

'Oh dear, didn't you like it then?'  Greta turned to call across the screen. 
'She didn't like it, she was disappointed.  I wonder why?'

Karen felt a hand rub the warmth, the wet cream, across her clit and between
her swollen labia.  She saw a movement behind Greta as a naked man walked into
her view.

A massive throbbing erection, with pre-cum running liberally down mushroom
head, down the shaft.

Ken!

Karen stared in wonderment at the erection she so desperately wanted deep
inside her cunt, fucking her tightly bound body.

'But...'

A voice interrupted her.



'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

'Nooooooooo!'  Karen wailed.  No wonder the cock had felt different, had not
really satisfied her, even as it entered her.   She had been forced to accept
Andy's cock, forced to accept his cream spurting over her swollen clitoris.



'There, there, my dear,' Greta crooned.  'You see, you should have made
yourself cum for us, then you would have been rewarded by a proper cock.  A
prooper fuck!  Ken, come here and let her suck it for you.  I'm sure that you
could use some help with that.'

'Thank you Mistress.  I would love the slave to suck my cock if that is your
wish.'  He smiled triumphatrly down at the sweating Karen.  'To swallow my
cum!'

'Of course.  Fuck her mouth this time and perhaps next time you can show the
pitiful creature here just how to use a cock to satisfy a woman!'  Greta raised
her eyebrows and nodded him forward.

As the cock, the swollen head, entered her gaping mouth, Karen heard Greta
speak once more.  'Next time, you will do as you are told. Won't you?'

Karen, unable, unwilling to speak, nodded as the swollen head filled her mouth,
nodded and groaned as she felt the cock slide deeper.  Groaned even more as she
felt warm hands explore her swollen labia as the cock slowly fucked into her
willing,mouth.

'Good, good!  You want to be stretched.  We can arrange that!'  Greta stared at
Ken as he continued to slowly push his cock ever deeper into Karen's mouth.






End of Part 45


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 46 - Training 2



Karen continued to suck greedily on the swollen cock as it slid easily in and
out of her mouth.  As the cock reached the depths of her throat she groaned in
pleasure before the withdrawal, before the chance to gasp for air.  Even as she
sucked the throbbing head, she was aware of the hand, the fingers, the hands,
rubbing and probing her swollen, dripping, labia, labia engorged and aroused by
the continued stimulation.  Stimulation that continued unseen behind the
artfully placed wooden screen.  Stimulation relentlessly applied to her
immovable, tightly restrained lower body.  Her hips held firm, her legs
stretched wide and her feet and toes bent cruelly in a parody of her favorite
spike heeled shoes.  A stimulation that she needed, that she longed for, that
she craved for.

Even as her thoughts wandered in a soft haze of pleasure, she was aware of a
hand grasping, grabbing her swollen right teat, her painfully erect nipple.  A
hand that began to pinch and pull, a nipple that was stretched mercilessly.

'Stop!'  Greta's cry from behind the screen made Karen open her eyes, eyes that
had been closed in passionate surrender to her pleasures.   The hand teasing,
stretching and pinching her nipple withdrew as Ken looked shamefacedly across
the barrier to the Mistress.

'Sorry , Mistress, so sorry.  I just couldn't help myself!'  As he spoke he
stopped his relentless thrusts into Karen's now desperate open mouth.

'Fool!  You , of all people, should know my rules here.'  Greta sounded angry
to Karen's wondering ears.  'You are only allowed to do what I, I, your
Mistress, permits.  Is that clear?'

'Yes, sorry Mistress Greta, it won't happen again!'

'Never fear, it will not, repeat, not, happen again.' Greta was still angry,
her voice hoarse with emotion.  'Remember you are a man here in my dungeon, my
property, and you will do only what I order, when I order.  Understood?'

'Yes Mistress.'

'Then perhaps you will be good enough to remind me of the last order I gave
you.'

All through the exchange Karen had laid still, her upper body, although free to
move, to flex, frozen with fear.  Her lower body, immovable, was still being
tormented by probing hands, probing fingers.

'Mistress?' Ken sounded puzzled.  'Oh, sorry Mistress.  You told me to fuck
slave Karen's mouth.  To make it last a long time until she was begging me to
feed her my cream.'

'Precisely!' Greta's voice dropped to a whisper. 'Then why have you stopped? 
Keep fucking her and now you will not be permitted to cum in her mouth.  Be
warned!  One drop spilt on her tongue, on her lips and your punishment will be
even more severe than I have already planned.  Get on with it!'

Even as she was speaking Ken had realized his failure and he began his steady
plunging once more, much to Karen's satisfaction.  Still in a euphoric state
with the subtle stimulation to her painfully swollen clitoris, she was
nevertheless aware of a disappointment.  A disappointment that she would not be
able to taste the sweet, salty, creamy cum from Ken's still rock hard cock. 
Dimly she wondered how he could manage to maintain such a rigid erection even
while talking to his Mistress, even though his mind must have been distracted. 
 Surely, she thought, this was yet another sign that Ken was much more of a man
than Andy had ever been.  Whenever Andy had been distracted, at least in the
past, he had always lost his erection.  Perhaps the secret of strict training,
of humiliation, of submission, was the way to improve a mans sexual
performance.



'Now, you can pull it out as soon as you feel a cum beginning.  Stand well back
and let me see that you are well clear of her, then when she screams with the
pleasure that we are giving her cunt, you may spurt.  Perhaps she will be lucky
and some may just land on her face.  Either way, you are due for some severe
punishment.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress!'  Ken responded almost mechanically as he
continued his rhythmic thrusts, rubbing the rim of his swollen glans across
Karen's' rasping tongue.

Karen felt the subtle increase in stimulation, the subtle concentration of the
very tip of her sensitive clitoris.  She knew that whoever, Agnes or Greta, or
perhaps both, was dealing with her needs, was an expert.  Whoever, whenever,
Karen knew that she had to submit to the same stimulation as soon as, and
whenever, she had the opportunity.  She felt herself tense, her hips thrusting
uselessly against the restraining strap, her tightly bound toes desperately
trying to flex in reaction to her imminent orgasm.  As she did so she felt the
first trembling, throb begin deep in Ken's swollen shaft.  He was beginning to
cum!  At last!  Selfishly, desperately, she hoped that he would not be able to
withdraw before he erupted.  She was desperate to taste the hot sticky man cum.
 Desperate!

Suddenly, without warning, Ken withdrew his cock, gleaming with the slick
saliva from Karen's willing mouth.  Stepping back from her gasping, gaping
mouth she saw him look across at his Mistress. Standing with his hands on his
hips, his erection jutting proudly upwards and outwards in front of his
muscular body.  The probing fingers increased their intensity just as she saw
the solid erection pulse and throb.  Just as a thick jet of creamy cum erupted
from the wide slit at the end of the glans.  A thick jet that just reached her
bare shoulder.  A thick jet that missed her open mouth!   Even as she stared
she felt her final orgasmic spasms begin as she lost herself in the rolling
waves of pleasure, waves of pleasure so intense that she was unaware of the
several further spurts of cum from the slowly subsiding cock.  Spurts that fell
short of her naked sweating straining body.  Spurts that fell, wasted, onto the
cold floor.

'Aaaaaaaaaagggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Ohmigod, ohmigod.  Yesssssssss!  Nooooooooo! 
Moooorrrrrrre!  Stopppppp!'  Karen screamed hoarsely, incoherent in her
pleasure, as yet again the waves of pleasure swept through her.



Behind the screen, Greta smiled triumphantly at Agnes.  Both of them were
sweating slightly, sweating after their combined exertions in bringing Karen to
a superbly timed, massive and uncontrollable climax.  'I told you she was a
screamer!'



Greta moved away and flicked her eyes at Ken.  'Go to your cell and wait for
your punishment.  And, don't forget to take this miserable specimen with you.' 
She motioned towards the still waiting, abject, Andy.

Ken moved slowly away to grasp Andy by the shoulder.

'Wait!'  Greta was determined to extract the maximum humiliation from the
situation.  ' You two, go and stand in front of slave Karen where she can see
you both.'

Ken and Andy dutifully stood, naked and side by side before Karen's staring
eyes.  Ken, his erection barely subsided, his cock still brazenly tumescent. 
Andy, his earlier erection long since faded, his cock hanging limply,
miserably, down his shaven thigh.

'Now, slave Andy, what have you got to say to your friend now?'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

'True!  Now don't you forget that.'  Greta laughed happily.  'I'm sure she
won't!'

Karen flushed with embarrassment for her former lover.  There was no doubt in
her mind that what Andy had said was absolutely true.  She knew that never
again would she be, could she be, satisfied with someone like Andy.

'Now, both of you go, get out of my sight!'



Greta turned to Agnes with a smile.  'Another very successful lesson there, my
dear.  I suggest we release slave Karen now and give her a chance to freshen
herself, a chance to rest, before she learns her next lesson.'

Karen heard Greta talking with a feeling of dread.  Another lesson?  Surely,
she thought, she had been used, and abused, for long enough.  Surely she had
done everything that her Mistress had wanted.  She knew that she had been shown
the true pleasures of female love, female domination, in a way that she had
only trifled with in the past.  Her early experiences with women had convinced
her that she was, if anything, more lesbian than bisexual, but now, as grew
older, she was aware that the true place for her affections would lie with a
firm, but hopefully fair, Mistress.  A Mistress who would give her, allow her,
pleasure at any time, in a form that would please both of them.  Whether or not
the pleasure involved males, or females, or both, was, she thought not really
an issue any more.  What she needed was constant, overpowering, stimulation and
she knew that she was prepared to do anything, with anyone, to maintain that
need.  She needed to cum more and more often as she realized her sexuality. 
She not only needed to cum, she desperately wanted to cum, the thought now
constantly in her mind.  Her thoughts snapped into focus.  My god!  I think I'm
becoming, what is it, what do they call it?  Yes.  A cum-slut.  Yes, a
cum-slut!

As she ran through her thoughts, as she reflected on her needs, her desires,
the two women busied themselves releasing her bonds, before helping her to her
feet.  The bare feet that had been tightly bound for so long that she found
difficulty in standing up properly.

'Now my dear, take care, just walk down to your cell and freshen up.  We'll be
sending for you later and this time you can bring your friend Lisa with you. 
She can come with you.  We have some, shall we say, rather special plans!' 
Greta leered suggestively at Agnes as she guided Karen to the corridor door.



'What have you got in mind?'  Agnes was intrigued.  'Surely you don't mean the
work she has got to do for you?'

'No, not that, at least, not for the moment.'  Greta sat in her favorite chair
and made herself comfortable.  'No, she has agreed my terms and she will
continue to work for me, here, of course, and she will be better paid too!  And
of course she can work flexible hours!'

Agnes laughed.  'Well she is certainly flexible!'

'Of course.  She will be available for me, for us, whenever we want and then
she can earn her keep in her spare time.'  Greta giggled.  'If she has any
spare time, of course!'

'Well, even she will need to rest sometime, let's face it she may enjoy her
cums but she is only human after all.  She will have to rest.'

As Agnes spoke the outer door was opened and heavy footsteps approached the two
women.

'What the hell's going on here?'  Karl walked in front of his wife and stared
down at her.  'Why wasn't I informed of what is going on?'

'My dear, my dear!'  Greta spoke soothingly.  'We're just having a girlie
conversation, nothing for you to worry about.  What is the problem?'

'The problem is you.  I think you're planning something, something I may not
approve of!'  Karl was uncertain.

'Of course not my dear, why would I do that?'  Greta stole a glance at Agnes,
who stared straight ahead.

'Well, after what you said...'  Karl's voice trailed uncertainly.

'Why my dear, did I worry you this morning?'  Greta turned to Agnes.  'We had a
nice little fuck you know, quite satisfying in fact!' Greta was quite frank
about her relationship and Agnes was used to such openness.  'To be honest I
rather suspect I wore him out you know!  Such a typical man, they only ever
manage one or two cums before they have to rest.'

'So?'  Karl refused to be intimidated.  'So you can do better I suppose?'

Greta stood up.  'You know dam well that I can.  And so does she.'  Greta
pointed at Agnes.  'You know that I, we, can cum, more often and more fully
than any of you men.'

'There's no need to...'

Greta interrupted Karl.  'Now if there is nothing else, perhaps you'll leave us
to our little chat.  And close the door behind you!'

Reluctantly, but obediently, Karl turned and left the dungeon.



'I'm going to lock the door now, we don't want him to disturb us again.'  Greta
walked across the floor, her footsteps echoing in the silence.  Returning to
her seat she made herself comfortable again before she spoke.  'Just remind me,
later, that we will have to deal with him.  He heeds to be put firmly in his
place before he becomes totally impossible to live with.'

'Hmmmm!'  Agnes sat up, her eyes gleaming.  'Do you want me to help?'

'Of course, I want you in charge!'  Greta smirked as he saw the expression on
Agnes' face.  'But that's later, we have to do more work on Karen yet.  Listen
carefully while I explain.'



Karen walked slowly and uncomfortably back to her cell, thankful for the
carpeted floor as she walked across to the bathroom.  As she did so, Lisa
called out from behind her barred wall.

'Well, what did they do to you?'

'What do you think?  They made me cum and cum and cum!'  Karen smiled wearily
as she turned on the hot water.  'You know, I am completely worn out, I don't
think there is another cum in me.  Yet!'

'Look, Mistress has left the door open so shall I...'

'Yes, yes, yes!'  Karen spoke urgently.  'I thought you'd never ask.  Come to
me now, I need you close to me.  If I ask nicely perhaps you'll wash me and
pamper me.'

'You are joking!  I'll do all of that and more for you.' Lisa walked into the
room.  'You know I love you my dear sweet kissable Karen.'

Karen sank gratefully into the hot water, grateful for the relief to her aching
muscles, grateful for the gently swirling warmth around her still swollen, sore
labia.  'Come here...'



After what seemed endless hours, Karen finally stood up and allowed, begged,
Lisa to dry her down.

Flushed with the warmth of her prolonged bath, her skin pink and perfumed, she
lay down gratefully on her bed.  'Join me my dear, please.  Just cuddle up to
me and let's rest, and then I'll tell you all the awful details.'

Lisa was aghast.  'Awful?'  What did they do to you?  Did they hurt you?'

'No, silly, I'm joking.  They didn't hurt me, they just made me keep cumming,
and screaming for more.  If anything I've got a sore throat now.'  Karen held
her arms out and hugged Lisa's smooth naked body closer to her.

'Just one thing.  They want us both in there later, something special, they
said.'

'Uh-uh.  I don't like the sound of that.'  Lisa frowned.  She had had
experience of Greta's special plans before.

'Well, sweetest one, I don't think you have to worry.  I think it will be
something to do with me, and perhaps, probably, it will involve you in doing
things for me, to me.'  Karen stared wistfully into Lisa eyes.  'Don't worry,
anything you do will be fine by me.  Now, let me explain a little and tell you
what is going on.'

Karen snuggled up into the soft warm curves and began to explain to Lisa
everything that had been said, everything that had happened.  Slowly, as they
talked, the whole scheme, became clearer to Karen.  She was going to become
some sort of star attraction, someone who was going to be abused and used in
any perverted manner that pleased her Mistress.  Her Mistresses, she corrected
herself.  Fine, she thought.  I know that is what I want.  What I think I need.

Lisa looked a little concerned at Karen's thoughtful silence.  'Can I help?'

'Of course you can.  With you by my side, we can do anything and, more to the
point, enjoy anything that they can concoct.'  Karen paused a moment.  'And,
you know, I really think you and me could come up with a few ideas of our own
that we might rather like for ourselves.'

'And what about your man, Andy?  What is going to happen to him?'  Lisa felt
she had to ask, even though she was not wildly interested in him other than as
a fellow slave.  Given the choice of men she knew that she would go for someone
like Ken, someone who could please her totally, in every way.  And, if not Ken,
she knew that there was another male slave available, one who she, with Karen,
had only seen in action with another female.  Hopefully, she thought, her,
their, turn would come soon, indeed, she smiled to herself, cum soon..

'Anyway, my dear, I think we should rest now, who knows how long it will be
before Mistress Greta decides she wants us to serve again.'  Karen felt her
eyes closing, she knew she was approaching exhaustion after the prolonged
stimulation of the last few hours, the last few days.  She had, she thought,
had to admit defeat at last, although she knew that she was enjoying the
activity, to the point where she was becoming more tolerant of multiple
orgasms, more tolerant of prolonged and sustained arousal.  Smiling happily to
herself, she settled down and held Lisa closer to her naked body.



In the dungeon, Greta had finished her initial conversation with Greta and they
had agreed on the next test, the next series of tests, for Karen before they
could feel confident that she would perform willingly for an unknown Master or
Mistress.  They had agreed that perhaps the word 'willingly' was a little
inaccurate, because they knew full well that they both enjoyed the very real
pleasure of forcing their will on a helpless slave, male or female.  More
important than that ,they had decided, was the fact that slave Karen herself
enjoyed being forced, at least up to a point.  A point that could be explored
in depth when the live shows had really got underway.

After a break for refreshment while they discussed everyday matters, Greta felt
that it was time to decide on the best form of punishment for slave Ken, and,
equally important when it should be inflicted.  Agnes was of the opinion that
the best policy was always to let the offender wait in fear, in apprehension of
what would happen, and how the punishment would be inflicted.  Greta
reluctantly agreed that a prolonged period of uncertainty was in and of itself
a good method of punishment but, having said that, she was still uncertain.

'My dear, you know, we have agreed more or less on his punishment, but, I have
a little thought to offer you.'  Greta stood up and walked across the room to
stretch her legs.  She turned to face Agnes and continued.  You see, the
creature disobeyed me, he knew full well he was not to touch slave Karen with
anything other than his cock.  And...'

Agnes laughed out loud, interrupting the flow of thoughts.  'I would have
thought with a cock that big he had plenty of chance to touch her!'

'Agreed!  There will be a time and a place when I shall expect him to work on
Karen's tits, but the choice, the decision will not be his.  He has to learn
that here, the male has to do exactly as he is told!'

'Of course!  Neither you nor I will ever change from that point of view I'm
sure.' Agnes herself held firm views on the place and value of the male of the
species.  They were, she had to admit to herself, the means of much pleasure,
much stimulation, but nevertheless they had to know that they were only allowed
to use a female with permission.  It was a rule that she and Greta had applied
to their husbands and the rule applied with greater force to a male slave.

'Leave things to me,. my dear, I know what I am going to do!'  Greta finally
made her mind up.  'He offended against slave Karen so she should be witness to
his punishment.  Can I ask you to prepare things, while I get the females
ready.'

With Agnes' words of assent ringing in her ears, Greta made her way to Karen's
cell.



'Wake up, my dears, wake up!'  Greta burst in on the sleeping couple and spoke
in a hearty voice.

Slowly, reluctantly, Karen opened her eyes and looked at Lisa, who was already
half awake.  'So soon, so soon Mistress, I'm so tired!'

'Of course you are  my dear, and that's why there has been a change of plan. 
You and slave Lisa are still going to go to the dungeon of course but I have
arranged a little, shall we say, entertainment for you while you rest a while
longer.  How does that sound to you both?'

'Well...'  The two naked slaves chorused.

'Good, I see that you're both happy, so let's get ready shall we.'  Greta moved
across to the shelves lining the e wall.  'I shall select a couple of things
for you, my dear,' she looked at Karen, 'and then I'll go next door and fetch
you some stuff.'  This time she addressed Lisa.

'Mistress?'  Lisa was puzzled.  'But, shouldn't I fetch...'

'Nonsense, just think of it as a small payment for favors granted, or about to
be granted.'  Greta smiled as she busied herself amongst the meager contents of
Karen's wardrobe.  'Here you are my dear, stand up and try these on.'

Karen stood up reluctantly and stretched herself to ease her aches.  'Thank you
Mistress.'

As Greta walked to fetch some stuff for Lisa, Karen inspected her garment with
curiosity.

'You like?'  Greta had walked back in to the room carrying some clothes for
Lisa.  'Here you are my dear, now you can both get dressed.'

Lisa examined the clothing dubiously.  'Mistress what shall I do with it?'  She
held up a skimpy leather thong, made of soft black leather that seemed to
consist only of narrow straps.  Looking across the room she saw that Karen held
a similar garment in her hands.

'Oh my, what a strange pair.  Don't tell me neither of you have see a string, a
thong, before.  Just step into it and pull it up nice and high around your
waist.

Karen, who had quickly grasped the significance of the soft leather concoction,
stepped into the narrow thongs and pulled a slightly broader one up to her
waist.

'There you are, Karen knows what to do.  Watch her!'

Karen pulled the waist band higher and felt the narrow strip between her legs
pull itself, insinuate itself, between her puffy labia.  'Is that all right
Mistress?'

'No, not quite, here let me adjust it for you.'  Greta moved behind Karen and
pulled the waist band evenly around the slim naked waist before she inspected
the way the narrow thong had fitted between the smooth labia, still reddened
from the earlier stimulation.  'Oh dear, still a little worn are we?  Never
mind, let me adjust this for you.'

As she spoke Greta cinched the waist band tightly around Karen's waist, making
it dig in to the firm flesh.

Karen gasped as she felt the pressure.

'And now, finally...'  Greta stood behind Karen and pulled the narrow thong
between the firm round cheeks and tightened a small buckle.  Standing back she
admired the way the black leather contrasted with the creamy, slightly tanned,
flesh and dug cruelly between the labia, compressing the slumbering sensitive
bud between them.  'How does that feel my dear?  Nice and snug for you?'

Karen walked a few uncertain steps.  'Yes, yes, I think so Mistress. but, but,
does it have to be so tight?  It is really tight between my... between my...
you know.'

'Ha!  You mean it's tight around your cunt?  Of course it is, that is the whole
idea.  I want you dressed, just, so that we can admire the contrast between
leather and flesh, and this way you can savor the pleasure too.  Don't worry,
you will be able to undress properly later!'

Karen smiled inwardly.  Undress?  Hardly!  She was barely dressed anyway and
for all the practical difference the leather thong made she may just as well be
naked.  Still, she thought, I have to admit that sometimes less is more.  She
was well aware of the effect her own clothes, expensive and almost as skimpy,
had had on her male, and especially her female, acquaintances.

As she mused Greta was supervising Lisa before she stood back to admire the two
nearly naked bodies.  'Fine, fine!  All we need now are the shoes. Put them on
please.'

Karen easily stepped into the five inch heels, wriggling her bare toes between
the thongs that held them on.  She looked down admiringly and reflected that a
pair of toe post mules of this quality must have cost Greta, Mistress Greta she
corrected herself, a lot of money.  She stood proudly, feeling the pressure of
the thong between her toes and the erotic arching of her bare feet elevated on
the five inch spikes.

'Mistress?  I don't think I can walk in these, they hurt my feet.'  Lisa dared
to complain as she tried to balance on the unaccustomed heights.  'I've never
really got on with heels this high, Mistress and they hurt between my toes.'

'Nonsense!  You will learn to walk in them just like slave Karen.  You will do
it or you know that you will be punished.  Now start to walk down the
corridor.'  Greta made a mental note for some future activity, some specialized
training, for Lisa.

Reluctantly, Lisa set out on her journey as Karen stepped out briskly besides
her. Both women were aware of the height of the heels and the pressure between
their toes, but were even more acutely aware of the insidious pressure of the
thin leather thong between their labia as they walked.  A pressure that was
both uncomfortable and pleasurable.  Very definitely pleasurable!



Finally, happy at the thought of the impending rest, they reached the open door
of the dungeon, where Agnes was waiting to greet them.  'Walk over there my
dears, turn round and stand still.  We have something for you to watch.'

Carefully Karen and Lisa walked across to the position that Agnes had
indicated, their spike heels clicking on the floor as the leather insoles
slapped gently against their bare feet.

Despite being aware that something had been planned, Karen could not resist a
gasp.  A gasp of amazement as she took in the sight before them.  She glanced
at Lisa who smiled nervously back.

'Yes my dears, you are so privileged.  You are going to see slave Ken punished
for his errors.'





End of Part 46


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 47 - Punishment



As Agnes spoke, Greta walked in behind the girls and gave each of them a none
too playful slap on their fully uncovered butts.

Scarcely noticing the slaps both Karen and Lisa could not take their eyes off
the two naked men before them.

Ken was standing in the middle of the stage, with a thick, heavy, wooden board
across his shoulders, clamped around his neck and holding his upraised arms
tightly by the wrists.  His legs were spread wide and held in position by a
similar thick heavy wooden board, clamped tightly around his ankles.  Despite
his awkward and uncomfortable position his heavy cock, slightly swollen, was
hanging only just below the horizontal.  His erection may have been incomplete
but nevertheless it was an erection.  Not his normal rigid pole, but still
thick and long.

Andy, standing to one side, was equally naked and the thick metal collar that
had been clamped around his scrotum had been removed.  He was wearing a tight
black leather strap around his waist.  Suspended from the strap was a narrow
black thong which, in turn, was attached to a shiny metal ring which was snugly
fitted at the base of his cock, at the base of his swollen, thickly veined
cock.  At each side of the waist strap were fixed two similar straps which hung
down and circled under his ass to be fixed in turn to the shining cock ring. 
The effect of the device was to pull the ring as low as possible on his shaft.
A shaft which was fully erect, the glans red and exposed.

Karen stared at the erection.  She had never seen Andy with such a pronounced
and swollen cock, even in their most erotic sessions.  Surely, she thought, he
must have been aroused in some way.  Or?  She thought for a moment.  Then she
realised that the constricting effect of the cock ring had been responsible. 
Snugly fitting, and tight around at the root of his cock.  Pulled, held firmly
in place by the leather thongs, pulled firmer and harder with every step he
took, the effect was obvious.  And dramatic!

��I see you approve my dear!��  Greta��s voice broke into her thoughts.  ��You see,
if we handle him properly we can give some sort of erection after all.  I
wonder if you have ever seen him like that before.��

Karen shook her head, ��No Mistress.  No, not as... not as... big.��

��And what about you, slave Lisa, do you approve?��

��Mistress?  Of course Mistress, you know I approve of any cock that you offer
me.��  Lisa was embarrassed at her admission.  She had never told Karen about
her various escapades with sundry males that Greta had chosen to mate her with.
 It was not a part of her life that she was particularly proud of in
retrospect.

��Fine!��  Greta moved across to sit with Agnes.  ��Well, to business.  We all
know why we��re here of course.  Slave Ken managed to disobey me earlier and
that must be punished.��

Agnes nodded her agreement and gave Karen and Lisa thin smile.  ��Oh yes, any
offence here is always punished I know,  You always did like to be in complete
control of your slaves, and rightly so!��

��Yes, yes, yes!��  Greta was impatient.  ��Now this is what will happen.  Slave
Ken will be punished by slave Andy, which, I suggest, is appropriate.��  She
stared at Karen.  ��After all he used to be your lover, not much good
admittedly, but your lover after all.  And slave Ken committed his offence
against you.��

Lisa shivered involuntarily, despite the warmth of the room.  She knew from the
tone of Greta��s voice that some new refinement as being planned.

��Well?��  Greta snapped at Karen.

��Mistress?��  Karen was uncertain.  What was Greta planning now, she wondered.

��Do you think your ex-lover should punish slave Ken?��

��If that is your wish Mistress then, yes, of course, I will agree.��

��Good, good.��  Greta smirked as she addressed herself to Andy.  ��You know what
you have to do now, don��t you?��

��He does, he does indeed!��  Agnes spoke up.  ��I have given him very specific
instructions, and some very explicit warnings if he does not satisfy us, you.��

Greta clapped her hands.  ��Go ahead!��

Andy looked embarrassed as he turned towards Karen.  His cock was still hard
and swollen, the snug fitting cock ring doing its job .  Each movement he made
caused more pressure and the restraining straps were cutting tightly into the
base of his scrotum underneath the root of the swollen cock.  ��Yes, Mistress
Greta. I will do as you say.��

Karen and Lisa stared, fascinated, as he walked towards them, his purple headed
cock bobbing slightly with each step.

Reaching his position in front of Karen, Andy knelt down and lowered his head
to kiss her bare toes, bare toes that were held into the spike heeled shoes by
two slender thongs from between her toes.  He kissed each foot, before he
returned and then licked each bare toe.

Looking up, Andy looked Karen in the eye.  ��Miss Karen, may I punish slave Ken
in the manner that Mistress Greta has decided?��

Karen looked puzzled at the form of address but even so she nodded and
murmured.  ��You may.  Carry out the punishment.��

Across the room Greta looked slyly at Agnes before she spoke.  ��Yes, slave
Karen, you may use slave Ken in any way you wish.  He is the lowest of the low
here and as such he will serve any other slave I own.  Of course he will be
answerable to you, and, if you so wish, to slave Lisa as well.��  She paused and
looked directly at the two girls, still standing naked apart from their leather
thongs and spike heels.  ��Of course, I will be in charge of you two, so bear
that in mind.  Only use him in a way that I would approve.��

��Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.��  Karen answered quietly.  ��Mistress?  May I
share him with slave Lisa?��

��If that is your wish, then of course you may.��

During the conversation Andy had remained on his knees, head bowed, his
erection still firm as the restraining ring pressed in to the tumescent flesh
of his cock.

Karen looked down, with a derisive smile.  ��You had better ask slave Lisa for
her permission too.��  She paused.  ��Now!��

Obediently Andy shuffled on his knees across to Lisa who stood expectantly.  As
he had done with Karen, he again kissed and licked the bare feet and toes. 
��Miss Lisa, may I punish slave Ken in the manner that Mistress Greta has
decided?��

��You may!��  Lisa felt a flush of power as she gave her consent.  She thought
that she could soon get to appreciate the power of having a male to serve her
wishes.  So different to her earlier experiences!



Ken stood quite still in his awkward position, clamped firmly with the thick,
heavy, wooden boards.  Greta stood up and walked over towards the two naked,
nearly naked, girls and stood slightly to one side and behind them.

Karen and Lisa waited nervously not knowing quite what to expect.

��Now you two, this is a formal occasion so I expect formal standards.��  Greta
paused, and then snapped, ��Present! Now!��

As soon as she spoke Karen and Lisa promptly spread their legs wide, Karen with
accustomed ease in her high heels, while Lisa struggled to find the correct
position and maintain a steady stance.  Satisfied with the first stage of the
position both girls then clasped their hands behind their heads.

��Well done, both of you!�� Greta was pleased with the speed of their reactions. 
��Mind you, slave Lisa does need some extra training!  Perhaps we can arrange
that...�� she paused and lowered her voice  ��...later.��

Lisa felt a cold chill, wondering exactly what Greta had got in mind.  No! More
to the point, who was going to train her!

Greta looked across at Agnes and nodded.

��Slave Ken, move into your position, in front of the females.��  Agnes could not
conceal her pleasure in giving orders to the abject male slave.  She smiled
cruelly as she saw how he struggled to shuffle across the floor with his legs
held wide apart in the wooden beam, the holes around his ankles being merely
smoothed off and not padded in any way.  The extra weight of the beam, the
collar, across his shoulders was, in itself, punishment enough at times, she
thought.  In fact, as she stared at the shuffling Ken, she wondered just how
Karen, a naked and humble Karen, would cope with a similar restraint.  Hmmmmm! 
Perhaps some time soon she would find out.

��Stay!��  Greta called as Ken managed to reach his position some six feet in
front of the  girls and stood sideways on to them.  A position decided in
advance by Greta so that the females could see both his erection, or at least
the state of it, and the blows about to be struck across his naked and
defenceless butt.  Ken stood waiting, his head held high by the wooden collar
and his cock still semi erect.

As she looked Karen could not decide whether the erection was in fact growing
in some expectation of deep and unspoken pleasures, or, perhaps drooping a
little more in anticipation of the punishment to come.

Greta continued her instructions as Agnes made herself comfortable on the other
side of the room.  ��Slave Andy, fetch the strap and show it to the slaves.��

Andy walked hesitantly across to the bench at the far side of the dungeon and
picked up the broad thick leather strap which had been placed there earlier. 
The distance he walked gave everyone in the dungeon a chance to see and savor
the sight of his cock held firm and achingly erect by the steel ring.  The
tight fitting ring held in place by the leather thongs.  Held in place and
pulled alternately tight and then eased with every step he took.  An effect
that he found both pleasurable and at the same time frustrating.  Pleasurable
because it was in effect, a remotely controlled masturbation.  Frustrating
because he was aware of the firmness, the hardness, of his erection and he
longed to stroke it and savor the pleasures of self stimulation.  He was
desperate to masturbate, but, knowing that he dare not offend Greta, he forced
himself to keep his hands off his cock.  For the time being!

Returning to stand in front of Ken, in front of the growing erection, he held
the strap up in front of Ken��s staring eyes.  Then he lowered it below Ken��s
field of vision.  Ken waited as Andy moved closer and then slowly, agonisingly
slowly, draped the cool leather across and around the semi erect cock.  Despite
his fear of pain, Ken could not prevent the erection pulsing and growing with
the feel of the supple leather as it rubbed his shaft and the bare smooth
glans.

��Enough!  I don��t want him to enjoy himself too much!��  Greta smirked at Agnes,
 ��Yet!��

Karen and Lisa stared at the scene in awe.

��Take your position now.  Then you may begin the punishment.  You know how many
strokes?��

��Yes Mistress.��  Andy walked between the girls and Ken, his swollen cock
swaying provocatively as the steel ring rubbed and constricted the base of his
shaft.  He took up his position behind the naked and spread Ken.  ��Twenty four
Mistress.��

As he heard the words, Ken blanched.  He expected to be punished for his error
in teasing and tormenting Karen��s nipple without permission but twenty four. 
Twenty four!  Surely Mistress Greta had some devious plan in store, she had
never previously ordered such a severe punishment.



Andy made sure he was holding the strap firmly and raised his arm, taking a
careful aim at the unprotected ass in front of him.  He looked nervously at
Greta and cleared his throat.

Thwack!  ��Ken��s..��  Thwack!  ��...cock...�� Thwack!  ��...is ...��  Thwack! 
��...longer...��  Thwack!  ��...than...��   Thwack!  ��...mine!��

Greta clapped her hands gleefully.  ��Well done, well done, a lesson for
everyone here.  Carry on!��

Already both cheeks of the naked ass were turning a bright red, a bright red
that pleased Agnes especially, her lust for seeing Ken, any male, punished
severely being partly sated already.

Thwack!  ��Ken��s..��  Thwack!  ��...cock...�� Thwack!  ��...is ...��  Thwack! 
��...thicker...��  Thwack!  ��...than...��   Thwack!  ��...mine!��

As the blows continued, Karen felt the wetness begin to soak into the thin
leather thong between her separated labia.  The leather thong that was, in
turn, compressing her clitoris.  A sensation she was certain that Lisa was also
experiencing.  The sight of the swaying cock held in the restraining ring as
Andy struck each blow was arousing.  Stimulating.

Thwack!  ��Ken��s..��  Thwack!  ��...cock...�� Thwack!  ��...is ...��  Thwack! 
��...bigger...��  Thwack!  ��...than...��   Thwack!  ��...mine!��

Despite the sharp blows, each one landing, it seemed, on yet another spot, as
yet untouched, despite the sharp stinging sensation, Ken himself was also
feeling some arousal.  An arousal that he could not deny as his erection grew
in stature.  His cock was growing in size with every blow.  Already it was
clear to the two naked females that he was more lavishly endowed than Andy. 
Andy, who was beginning to sweat with the effort of striking each blow.  Each
blow that made his cock sway lazily in front of him, the swollen glans
beginning to show signs of lubrication as traces of pre-cum seeped from the
gaping slit at the end of the purple head.

Thwack!  ��Ken��s..��  Thwack!  ��...cock...�� Thwack!  ��...fucks ...��  Thwack! 
��...better...��  Thwack!  ��...than...��   Thwack!  ��...mine!��

As Andy finished the appointed number of strokes, Greta stepped forward and
gave Ken another hard slap with her bare hand.  ��Just in case you forget your
place!  Would you like to administer a little reminder too, my dear Agnes?��

��Please!��  Agnes got up eagerly and strode across the floor before she struck a
resounding blow on the other cheek.

Despite the stinging burning pain, Ken��s erection remained proud and strong.  
A sight that was pleasing to the female slaves as they compared the two erect
cocks in front of them, as they felt the uncontrollable swelling and wetness in
their own loins.  The almost uncontrollable desire.



Andy stole a furtive glance at Karen, his face red with embarrassment at his
forced admissions, his humiliation.

��Yes my dear!��  Greta had not missed the look.  ��As I said, there is punishment
and lessons for everyone here.��

Karen dared to speak. Yes Mistress.��

Agnes wandered casually in front of the girls and casually cupped Karen��s left
breast before she tugged the hardened nipple.  ��Yes indeed.  We haven��t
forgotten you of course!��  Another tug.  ��But the males have more to do yet
before we can dismiss them and get back to dealing with you.��

Greta smiled broadly as she stared at Karen.  ��Oh happy days.  All this fun and
yet more to come.  I��m sure you are glad we invited you to watch.��

Karen looked sideways at Lisa who returned her gaze uncertainly.  The thought
that they had bee ��invited�� was perhaps not quite accurate.  Neither of them
had been given any real choice, and, even if such a choice had been offered,
they would never have dared to offend Mistress Greta.  Or, Karen thought
ruefully, Mistress Agnes.

Her thoughts were disturbed by Greta��s voice.  ��Slave Andy, you know what you
have to do now.  I��m waiting, and both Mistress Agnes and myself are getting
impatient!��

��Yes Mistress.  Sorry Mistress.�� Andy paused and looked nervously at Greta
again..  ��Sorry Miss Karen.  Sorry Miss Lisa.��   As he finished his apologies,
Andy walked back between Ken and the girls and stood a few feet in front of Ken
once more.  Swallowing nervously he knelt down and held himself upright
supported solely by his knees.

��Well?��  Agnes called from her seat.

��Yes Mistress Agnes.��  Andy sounded fully dejected as he spoke.  Slowly his
hand, his right hand, crept towards his firm erection.  He knew what he had to
do, and, secretly, deep down, he wanted to obey.  Even so, he was acutely aware
of the two naked females, still standing in the ��present�� position, staring at
him, staring at his erection, staring at Ken��s erection.  Comparing.  Perhaps
even mocking.

A quick sideways glance to Karen and he grasped his cock firmly at the mid
point of the swollen rigid shaft.  He adjusted his position slightly and stared
intently at Ken��s larger, dominating, erection in front of him.  Stared. 
Admired!.

Slowly, steadily, he began to masturbate. Hand right down to the root, hard
against the steel ring.  Hand right at the top of the shaft almost covering the
moist glans, still gleaming with pre-cum.  Slowly, almost imperceptibly, he
began to increase the speed of his strokes, his speed of masturbation.

Karen watched, fascinated, at the sight of her former lover staring so intently
at the thickly veined erection in front of him as he continued to masturbate. 
She had watched him masturbate many times in the past, almost on a daily basis,
but until now she hand never really concentrated, or compared his cock to
another.  Compared it to another bigger cock which she now lusted after.

��Have you forgotten something?��  Greta called across, her voice sharp.

Without missing a stroke, without moving his fixed gaze, Andy responded. 
��Sorry Mistress.��

His face reddened as he continued to masturbate, conscious of the two heavily
bare breasted females, conscious in particular that Karen was watching him, her
shaven labia gleaming with her sweet lubrication in the dim light, her nipples
straining erect and hard at the tip of her heavy, almost pendulous breasts.

Increasing the speed of his masturbatory strokes he began to speak as he stared
at Ken��s cock, Ken��s bare cock.

��Ken��s cock is longer than mine!  Ken��s cock is thicker than mine!  Ken��s cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken��s cock fucks better than mine!��  His fist gripped his
smaller cock more firmly.

��Ken��s cock is longer than mine!  Ken��s cock is thicker than mine!  Ken��s cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken��s cock fucks better than mine!��  He pumped his own
rigid flesh faster, and faster.

��Ken��s cock is longer than mine!  Ken��s cock is thicker than mine!  Ken��s cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken��s cock fucks better than mine!��  Andy��s fist was
becoming a blur.  ��Ken��s cock is longer...  aaaaaaaghhhh!��

Behind the girls Greta smirked.  Almost finished she thought, almost finished
another satisfying humiliation, and then, time to deal with Karen.

As Andy began to erupt once more, his cock sore with the friction of his fist,
sore from the pleasure of the orgasm, he cupped his left hand and caught almost
all of the thick cream.  Looking sideways at Greta, and then again at Karen, he
shuffled forward on his knees towards Ken.  Ken, still standing in his heavy
wooden collar and ankle clamp.  Still standing with his erection proud and
hard.  Ken, who had been watching the frenzied masturbation from his
uncomfortable viewpoint.   Slowly, steadily, Andy worked his way forward on his
knees until Ken could no longer see him properly.  Finally reaching his
position immediately on front of Ken, Andy released his cock reluctantly and
let the reddened pole begin to subside despite the constricting ring tightly
pulled into the base of the shaft.

Taking a deep breath Andy reached forward and held Ken��s cock tentatively in
his right hand before he slowly, carefully, almost lovingly, began to rub his
cream, his warm cum, into Ken��s bulging shaft.  Carefully spreading the thick
glutinous cream over the length of the shaft he once more began to speak.

��Ken��s cock is longer than mine!  Ken��s cock is thicker than mine!  Ken��s cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken��s cock fucks better than mine!��

��Slowly, slowly, I don��t want him to cum!��  Greta broke the silence as the
scene unfolded.  ��I can see he��s beginning to enjoy that too much.��  Indeed,
Ken had closed his eyes and was almost imperceptibly beginning to hump his hips
in response to Andy��s gentle, cum lubricated, masturbation.

Karen and Lisa looked on wide eyed as Andy continued to rub his cum into Ken��s
cock.  They were unaware of the earlier occasion when Andy had been forced to
rub Ken��s cum onto his own cock, but now, as she had always intended, Greta had
made sue that Andy��s humiliation, his subjection, was complete.

��Well?��  Greta called to Andy.

��Sorry Mistress, I won��t make him cum.��  Andy was desperate to do exactly that
but he knew that this would be a pleasure, and experience that he would have to
beg for at some future time.  He was well aware of his place in the dungeon and
he was unwilling to put himself in a position where he would be punished by
Ken, or anyone else for that matter, if he could possibly avoid it.

��Miss Karen, may I leave his cock alone now?��  Andy looked pleadingly at Karen
who could not avoid a thin smile as she saw his desperate eyes, his obvious
need for more erotic pleasures.

��Yes!  You are so disgusting, playing with another man��s cock.  Don��t tell  me
that you enjoy doing that.��  Karen felt that despite her own embarrassing
stance she was required to say something suitably humbling to Andy.

Greta looked at Agnes and nodded her approval.

��Miss Karen, I am sorry to admit it, but, yes, I do like playing with another
man��s, I like playing with Ken��s, cock.  Especially when it��s so much bigger
than mine.��

��Of course it is!��  Karen continued, feeling safe with the implicit approval
that she was sure had been given.  ��Now leave it alone, you have done enough
now.��

��Yes, Miss Karen, thank you Miss Karen.��  Andy reluctantly removed his sticky
hand from Ken��s cock, leaving it still throbbingly erect and glistening with
streaks of cum.

Striding forward Greta rubbed her hands together and looked confidently at
Agnes.  ��You two males!  Go to your cells now.  Ken will remain in his
punishment clamps until I decide he may be relieved of them.  You, slave Andy,
will go immediately to your cell and remain in silence until I decide how I
shall use you for our pleasure.��  Greta walked over and sat down besides Agnes.
 ��Go!��

Looking across at the two naked males she smiled happily.  Ken had been
punished in an appropriate manner and Andy had been fully and finally
humiliated in front of Karen.  Andy had already disappeared down the long
corridor but Ken was still struggling in his awkward constraints, having to
shuffle and carry out a difficult sideways step in his ankle clamps so that he
could make progress slowly back to his own cell.



��Well, Agnes my dear, perhaps after that little exhibition we can return to our
original plans.��  Greta looked across at the two naked females, still standing
erect and spread.  ��You two can lower your arms now, but leave your legs nice
and wide.  We��ll all concentrate on giving Karen some more pleas...�� Greta
stopped and sniggered.  ��..sorry, training.��

��About time too, I must say!�� Agnes was impatient to return to the real
pleasures of female domination with Karen.

��Slowly my dear, slowly!��  Greta cautioned her.  ��Lisa my dear, just walk over
to that table over there and wheel it over here for me.��

Thankfully, Lisa eased her straining legs together and stood unsteadily on the
towering heels before she teetered across the floor to the large table, set
firmly on rubber tired wheels.  She looked at it wonderingly, seeing a plain
sheet covering what appeared to be an oddly shaped object, or even objects.

��Bring it over here in front of slave Karen, but do not uncover it yet.��





End of Part 47


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 48 - Training 3



Karen looked nervously at the covered table.  The fact that the covering sheet
did not lie flat or smooth both intrigued and worried her.  Looking at the
varied shapes she felt sure that there were at least one or two more familiar
shapes, shapes that she knew she would be intimately familiar with.

Greta motioned to Agnes and they both got up and walked almost casually over
towards Karen and Lisa.  Lisa was standing stock still at the side of the
table, wondering just where, and how, she was going to fit into this new scheme
of Greta's.

'Now, Lisa my dear, you are going to be a very privileged witness here as Karen
learns a few, shall we say, different skills.'  Greta looked at Lisa with a
malevolent stare, before she turned her attention to Karen.  'As for you, my
dear, I think you may have learned a valuable lesson now.  When I tell you,
tell you, not, you notice, ask you, to masturbate, you will do so willingly. 
And more than that!  You will be enthusiastic, very enthusiastic while you
bring yourself to orgasm, too!'

Karen felt a flush of embarrassment.

Agnes smirked behind Greta, who continued.  'Do you understand that?  You know
that if you refuse I shall punish you, and not in such a friendly way as the
last time you tried to perform.  Perhaps you would like to borrow the wooden
collar from slave Ken, before I let him whip you.'

'No Mistress, no Mistress!'  Karen was eager to avoid that sort of punishment.
She took particular note that Greta had threatened her with Ken, not Andy,
which suggested that any punishment would, to say the least, be painful.

Greta nodded.

'Shall I start now Mistress?'  Karen was eager to please although she was
uncertain how she could perform.

'No my dear, not yet.'  Greta looked at Lisa.  'I want slave Lisa to be
comfortable while she watches you perform.  Watches and learns.'

Lisa felt a chill as the thought that Greta's idea of 'comfortable' and her own
interpretation were unlikely to coincide.

'Agnes my dear, why don't you bring the cage into position now, I think it's
been adjusted properly now.  Just lower it down and then we'll make Lisa
comfortable.'

Agnes eagerly moved to a control switch on the side wall and flicked it,
looking upwards as she licked her lips in anticipation.  Lisa resisted any
attempt to move, feeling, correctly, that any show of emotion would be unwise.

Karen, not feeling so inhibited, looked upwards as she saw the small steel
barred cage descend at the end of four long chains.  Slowly, slowly and
relentlessly  it was brought into position behind Lisa.  As Karen studied it
she could see that it was just about large enough for someone to kneel in it or
perhaps, if they were lucky, to sit in it with their legs dangling through the
barred base.  It appeared that some small effort had been made to provide a
minimum of what could perhaps be termed 'comfort'.  Several of the bars across
the base had been padded with some foam or rubber tubes, giving a surface that
was marginally more yielding than the cold steel.

'You can turn round now, my dear!'  Great smiled happily as Lisa slowly turned
round and looked at the cage swinging gently at the end of its supporting
chains.

'Move over and climb in then, we haven't got all day you know.'  Lisa looked
confused, uncertain how she was going to enter the confined space.

'Go on, there's a door at the other end, just open it and crawl in and make
yourself comfortable.'  Greta was pleased to see the look of fear that flitted
across Lisa's face as she realised that she was expected to kneel in position
with her head bowed and her nether regions both fully exposed and unprotected
by nothing other than the slender steel bars.

'Quickly, quickly, crawl in and put your head through the hole at the other
end.'

As Greta spoke Karen realised that in fact there was a small circular hole at
one end, fitted with a broad, hinged, metal ring, unpadded and unadorned other
than a hasp for a padlock.  Clearly, she thought to herself, whether Lisa liked
it or not she was going to be in position for some time, with no of hope of
escape.

Agnes and Greta watched bright eyed as the naked Lisa crawled into the confined
space until she could slowly, carefully, push her head through the forward
ring.  'Well done, my dear, just keep still for me, while I lock you in!' 
Greta quickly pulled the metal band around Lisa's neck and locked it into
place.

Lisa looked at Karen and smiled nervously.

'Now, move your knees on to the padded bar, you'll be quite comfortable.  I
think!'  Greta looked at Agnes and winked as she walked behind Lisa.  'Now, let
me adjust your legs and then I can close the door.'  Greta made a few
adjustments and carefully closed the door so that the bars were close against
Lisa's naked ass and her bare legs were projecting outside the cage.  'There,
let's all have look shall we?'

Greta stood back and spun the cage slowly so that Karen could take in the
predicament into which Lisa was now placed.  Her head was held firmly by an
close fitting broad steel collar, not too tight, but broad enough to hold her
had more or less motionless.  Her legs, or at least, her lower legs, protruded
slightly from the rear of the cage so that her bare ankles and stiletto clad
feet stuck out slightly.  The sight of her feet still clad in the spike heeled
sandals was slightly incongruous, but Karen suspected that they were left there
for a purpose.  The rear of the cage was fastened in such a way that Lisa could
not move her hips at all and the pressure of the bars was such that she could
not help but be aware that her most sensitive areas were fully exposed and
vulnerable.  As if to confirm her worst fears, Agnes moved over and casually
pushed two fingers roughly into her wet labia, exploring the warm puffy flesh
before plunging them roughly into the warm tunnel.

'You like?'

Karen was unsure if Greta had addressed her and remained silent.

'You, slave Karen, do you like it then?  Do you like to see you friend nicely
caged up there?'

'Well, er, yes Mistress.  If it pleases you then of course I like it.'

'Hmmmmm.'  Greta moved towards Karen, still standing with her legs wide.  'I
hope you do, I hope you do!  Be very sure that you will have your turn in there
too.  Sooner than you think if you don't please me!'

'Yes mistress, thank you Mistress.'

Greta and Agnes strode next to the table and checked the arrangements.  Lisa
was held firmly in the cage, now hanging quite still on its four slim chains. 
'I think we'll use the same chair for Karen again, there will be no need to
clamp her in this time I'm sure.  Go and push it over here.'  Greta ordered
Karen who was at long last thankful to break from her uncomfortable stance. 
She walked carefully the few feet towards the now familiar adjustable chair and
brought it nearer to the still covered table.  Nearer to the waiting couple.

'Good, good!'  Greta looked briefly at Agnes, ' Now mount it and make yourself
comfortable.'

Quickly, but not too enthusiastically, Karen clambered on to the chair and
managed to seat herself more or less comfortably, with her sandal clad feet
resting in the stirrups at the end of each supporting arm.  The back of the
chair was almost upright and she found that she could lean onto the padded
surface quite easily.  As she wriggled herself into position she was
uncomfortably ware that even in this position there was no obstruction to
access to her sensitive areas, they were just as exposed as they had been
during her previous session in the chair.  The only difference was that, this
time, she was sitting freely and unrestrained, looking nervously at the two
women and wondering just what they were planning.

'Now, masturbate!'  Greta's voice broke the silence.

Immediately, Karen moved both hands down to her wide open loins and began to
stroke her sensitive flesh.  Looking nervously at the sight of Lisa suspended
naked in the cage just a few feet in front of her and a few feet above her she
realised that the whole scheme had been to place Lisa in strict bondage, if
being caged could be called such, so that she had a clear and unobstructed view
of everything that was happening to Karen.

'She is working well, I think, my dear.'  Agnes spoke quietly to Greta.

'Yes, yes, she is.'  Greta whispered and then spoke sharply to Karen.  'Show
some enthusiasm  my dear, Lisa wants to be sure you're enjoying yourself.'  She
looked slyly at Agnes.  'A few moans and groans might help persuade us that you
are enjoying yourself.'

Karen began to use the fingers of one hand to open her wet labia so that she
could more easily access her swollen clitoris.  As she stroked urgently she
began to moan and gasp with pleasure.  Despite herself, despite the humiliation
of being fully exposed to the unfortunate Lisa, she was beginning to feel the
pleasure of arousal.

'Enough!'  Greta stood up and walked over to the still covered table.  'That's
enough, I don't want you to cum just yet.  You have a lot to do for me before I
allow you any real satisfaction, any true pleasure, for yourself.'

As soon as she spoke Karen removed her fingers from her swollen slick flesh and
put her hands at her side, staring at Greta and wondering if she would now find
out what had been intended for her.



Greta stood still and smiled thinly at Karen and Lisa.  'It's going to be very
easy for you my dear.  There are a number of, shall we say, familiar, everyday
objects here.  Some you will recognise easily, others perhaps may appear a
little, shall we say, out of context, but don't worry'

'Yes Mistress.'  Karen spoke weakly, uncertain what was going to be demanded of
her.

'All you have to do is to use each one to fuck yourself with, each one will be
inserted,'  Greta smirked as Agnes giggled behind her, 'into your wetness. 
Some are perhaps a little bigger than you are used to but I know you will be
able to accommodate them all.  Perhaps two at a time might be the real
challenge, but we'll save that little pleasure for later.'

Greta lifted the cloth so that Lisa could see everything on the table.

Despite herself Lisa couldn't prevent a sharp intake of breath.

'Oh, you like the look of them do you, my dear?'  Greta smiled happily. 
'Perhaps you don't think slut Karen could possibly insert each of these, these
objects, into her wetness, into her cunt.  Is that what you think, my dear?'

'I-I-I don't know Mistress, I just don't know.'  Lisa struggled to speak evenly
in her uncomfortable position.

Karen watched the exchange curiously, still unable to see what objects had been
selected for her next ordeal, her next humiliation.

Agnes walked to the side of the cage and reached inside to tweak an unprotected
nipple.  'What a pity, my little slut, what a pity.  You had better realise
that, without fail, everyone of those ... things, will not leave this room
until they have been coated with some cum juice from a wet and perhaps willing
cunt.  If slut Karen can't manage to take every thing here, then you, my poor
helpless, tight cunted little slut, will certainly take them, willingly or
otherwise.'  Agnes paused and walked towards Greta and put her arm around her
shoulder.  'I shall make it my personal challenge to assist you in every way. 
Be warned and pray that your slut friend here can manage to give herself a good
fucking while we all watch.'

Greta interrupted.  'Yes, yes, my dear, she does get the idea I'm sure, and so
does the slut here.  I'm sure slut Lisa will now take a very special, very
personal, interest in the proceedings from now on.'

She turned to Karen and, with a flourish, removed the covering cloth
completely.  'Here you are my dear, here is your challenge for the next hour,
or however long it takes you.  You will, I assure you, make every effort to
insert each one of these as deep as you can into your cunt.  Once you manage
that you will give yourself the pleasure of being fucked, you will use each
object like a cock, perhaps a little bigger than you are used to , until I tell
you to stop and find another object.  Understand?'

Karen nodded silently, her eyes wide as she surveyed the array before her.

'You can choose them in any order you like, but I suggest you don't get too
ambitious, start small and work your way up!'

Agnes laughed out loud.

'Don't forget, if you fail with any of these you will have the pleasure of
watching your friend here being ravaged and expanded, so think carefully.  You
know that you have a greater, shall we say, capacity than her.  Let's face it
you would beat her hands down, or perhaps I should say, hands up!'  Greta
laughed as Karen flushed with the memory of being fisted so long and vigorosly
in what seemed, now, to be the distant past.





End of Part 48


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 49 - Surprise



Karen stared at the array of objects.  Stared at the array of oh-so-familiar
objects.  It was inevitable, she thought, that there would be a dildo.  Thick. 
Long.  Heavily veined.  Massive sculptured glans.  She stared fascinated at the
realistic rubber cock, both amazed and intrigued at the lifelike veining and
dark coloring, almost down to what appeared to be a simulation of a foreskin.

Seeing her stare, Greta nudged Agnes and smirked.  'She will go for that first,
I bet!'  Agnes nodded without taking her eyes off the transfixed Karen. 
'Hmmmmmm!  Of course she will, she loves cock so much, after all.'

Reluctantly Karen switched her gaze to the other objects.  A clearly
identifiable inflatable dildo was lying to one side, its accuracy of form and
texture apparently sacrificed to its prime purpose of enlargement, considerable
enlargement, she guessed.  Perhaps she would try that next.  In the middle of
the tray were several large sized bottles.  Unlabeled, but containing a clear
liquid.  She focussed on those and tried to fathom the exact purpose that they
were intended to serve.  Karen stared intently.

Lisa, suspended uncomfortably above her, watched nervously, wondering which, if
any of the objects below Karen would be unable, or unwilling, to insert into
her liquid depths.  Surely even Karen would not be able to manage the
vegetable, or was it a fruit she wondered.  Surely a vegetable.  A squash, a
butternut squash, of quite magnificent size.  The stem had been cut off flush
with the neck and, theoretically at least, it should slide smoothly into
whatever receptacle was chosen for it, right along its length down to the
rounded, bulbous end.  Several hairbrushes, whose main purpose seemed to be to
provide handles of varying shapes and curvatures and, finally and quite
unexpectedly, one strappy, spike heeled sandal, crafted from smooth black
leather.

As Lisa stared cautiously at the array Karen had flicked a glance around the
various objects and after a lingering look at the dildo that first attracted
her attention, stared again at the bottles.

Why several bottles?  Why, in fact, were there five?  Not one, not two, not a
normal number, like say six or twelve.

Agnes was secretly pleased that her idea had been accepted, albeit reluctantly,
by Greta. Pleased that she had managed to place five full bottles of still
water into the array.

'Thirsty, my dear, thirsty already?' Agnes walked slowly across to Karen.

'Er, no Mistress, no.'  Karen was on her guard, she knew from previous
experience that Agnes never asked a question without expecting some specific
reaction.  She seemed to delight in framing her questions in such a way that
the required response was bound to fall short in some way. To fail in such a
way that a further indignity, a further punishment, could be inflicted.

'Oh well, I just wondered.  I know that fucking can be such thirsty work,
especially when you are as enthusiastic as you are, my dear.'  Agnes turned and
stared at Greta.  'May I make a suggestion, my dear friend?'

Greta, always pleased to accommodate her friends ideas, nodded.

'Good, good.  Now, Karen my dear, I have a suggestion to make.  I'm sure you'll
like it'

As she spoke she smiled evilly, first at Karen, then at Lisa.

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress'  Karen made a hasty reply, fearful that any
delay might be punished in some ingenious manner.

'Well, let me correct myself. I have several suggestions, but perhaps we should
take them one at a time.'  Agnes paused and looked at each girl in turn.  'Do
we all agree?'

A chorus of 'Yes Mistress' greeted her.

'Good, excellent, in fact!'  Agnes picked up the giant dildo and stroked it
lovingly.  'Here my dear, I know how much you would like that probing your
hidden depths.'

Karen stared at the thick ribbed rubber as Agnes slowly rubbed her hand up and
down its heavily veined length.

'Here you are then, why don't you do as they say in the movies, 'Go fuck
yourself?'  Agnes resisted a smile at her small attempt at humor.

Karen took the swollen rubber phallus from Agnes and squeezed it carefully.

'Steady, my slut!'  Greta called out from her chair. 'That thing is loaded! 
You may squeeze the balls when you are ready for it to cum and you will have a
nice wet injection deep in your cunt, so be careful.'

Karen stared at the realistic scrotum and testicles.  She was well aware that
you could find, use, fully functional replicas but she had never had the chance
to try one herself.  Would it, she wondered, be quite as exciting as she had
been led to believe?

'Go on, we're all waiting.'  Agnes seemed to be taking charge of the
proceedings.  'Start work. Just remember that we have someone else here who
would just love to take it.'  She turned and stared at Lisa. 'Wouldn't you my
dear?'

Lisa swallowed nervously, 'Er yes Mistress, as you wish Mistress'

As she spoke Karen tentatively rubbed  the swollen smooth glans across her
slick labia before she carefully eased the thick shaft inside her.  The firm
and pronounced rim felt good as is slid deeper into her velvety wetness. So
good in fact that she tried several experimental thrusts with less than half
the length inserted.  Feeling the insistent rubbing, the delicate pressure
against the firm spongy pad on the wall of her heavily lubricated cunt, she
began to close her eyes and moan quietly.

Lisa stared wide eyed as she saw the thick rubber slowly disappear into her
friends capacious tunnel.  She was no stranger to inserting various objects
into herself, and no stranger to seeing them being inserted into others, but,
in some strange way, watching her friend do this, so near and yet, so
unattainable, was incredibly erotic.  Despite her heavily constrained position
she felt herself becoming aroused, felt the familiar sensations as her slim
labia became engorged and slick with moisture.

Walking behind her Agnes nodded and called to Greta.  'You know, I do believe
this little slut is enjoying the show.  She is getting really wet between her
legs.  Look at this!'  As she spoke Agnes rubbed the back of her hand over
Lisa's exposed labia and held it up in the light so that Greta could see the
shining deposit.

'Here, slut, stop messing around, I can see you need some help here!'  Agnes
looked at Greta.  'May I give her some assistance my dear, otherwise we'll be
waiting for hours..

'Be my guest, do as you wish, I am enjoying being a spectator you know.'  Greta
settled into her chair and casually slipped one hand between her thighs and
cupped the other around an ample breast.  'You know it would be good to have
some males here, it would be such a torment for them watching such womanly
pleasures.'

'Hmmm, perhaps later my dear, later.' Agnes was anxious not to lose control of
the situation.  She had managed to take over from Greta and that in itself was
an achievement that she did not wish to spoil.

'So, here goes, let me help you, like this?..'  as she spoke Agnes took hold of
the dildo and prised Karens fingers away from the shaft, before she thrust it
hard into her.'...and this!'  With a final thrust Agnes buried the shaft to its
full depth into Karen, making her cry out with the unaccustomed invasion so
deep into her liquid depths.

'Ohmigod Mistress, so deep ,so deep, it hurts.'  Karen fought back a tear.  She
had often taken thick objects just as deep into herself in the past but every
time she had done so in stages, in carefully paced stages, until she could feel
the end of the object rubbing the end of her cervix, stretching her vagina to
the fullest extent it seemed possible without causing serious internal damage. 
But?  But this time?  Too deep.  Too fast.  It really did hurt.

'Please Mistress, please my I try it myself?'  Karen begged looking desperately
between Agnes and Greta.  'Please, please, I promise.'

'Let the slut try then.'  Greta called from behind Agnes. 'If she displeases us
we can always let one of the males use her, punish her, and even hurt her.'

'Always a good idea, my friend.  We should let the males use her as a toy, a
plaything, later, you know.  It would be particularly entertaining if we
prepared them properly.'

'Agreed, after this session then.'  Greta nodded and smiled.  She had been
planning some activity involving Karen and the two well endowed males, and as
Agnes was happy she was sure that Ken and Peter would be more than adequate for
the job. Later, she reminded herself, later.

'Go on then.'  Agnes reluctantly stepped back from the perspiring Karen. 
'Start fucking yourself then, properly and deeply.  Just remember you are
trying to make out that it is a real cock and you know that you have never had
a real cock that didn't try and bury itself as deep as possible inside you.'

'Very true my dear.'  Greta spoke with a trace of bitterness.  'Why is it that
the male of the species always seems to insist on full penetration.  Why don't
they realise that somewhere in between can be much more satisfying.  Oh well,
perhaps we'll train them properly one day.'

Taking advantage of the conversation Karen carefully eased the monstrous
invader out of her abused cunt and held it up, gleaming with her juices.

'Just before you begin, my dear, have a drink.'  Agnes tried to keep her voice
even, as she picked up a full bottle from the table.  Unscrewing it she passed
it to Karen. 'Her you are, drink up'

Karen smiled gratefully and took a few sips.

'No, you didn't understand.  I said drink up.' Agnes; voice sounded suddenly
harsh.  'Drink it, all of it, now!'

'Yes Mistress.'  Karen nodded dumbly, not understanding the motive.  She held
the bottle to her lips and drank steadily.  As she paused for breath she felt a
slap on each breast.

'Drink it all, now!'  Agnes ordered as Greta sat forward in her chair trying to
fathom just what Agnes intended.

Steadily, albeit slowly, Karen managed to empty the whole bottle.

'That's better.  You see, you can do as you're told after all.'  Agnes spoke
quietly to Karen.  'Now, here's more of my plan.  I know what we said earlier
about you fucking yourself with everything on the table but I think you have
enough on your plate with that nice toy in your hand.'  She paused and turned
to look at Lisa.  'I suggest we let you play with that while we use the other
little things to pleasure Lisa here.'

As she spoke Lisa went pale.  She knew that Greta had planned something but
somehow she felt that Agnes had taken over and she would be the worse off for
it.

'Well, let's think about it shall we?' Greta stood up and walked over to the
tableau of naked girls.  'Do you think that slave Lisa is up to it yet'  After
all she does need more training.'

'Of course she is.' Agnes put her arm casually around Greta's shoulder.  'Look,
its easy, we'll give them both an incentive.  First of all slave Lisa can watch
while slave Karen fucks herself.  Makes herself cum. 'Agnes smiled at Karen. 
'That's a fair start isn't it?'

Greta nodded slowly.

'Let's sort things out then.  Look, we have four more full bottles here.  Let's
put them in a row, like this?'  Agnes busied herself on the table.  '.and
let's put a little toy next to each one.'  Agnes arranged the four items, the
inflatable dildo, the squash and a couple of big handled hairbrushes in  a neat
row, and stepped back.

Greta nodded slowly.  'So what do you propose?'

'Well, if slave Lisa manages to, shall we say, accommodate, us, then we put the
bottle to one side. If, however, she fails, then slave Karen can slake her
thirst!'

'And the point is?'  Greta was still unsure of the strategy that Agnes was
following.

'Oh, my dear, my sweet innocent dear.  Can't you see.  If slave Lisa is up to
it then we have trained her to take reasonable objects in her cunt.  Well, we
call them reasonable, but I suspect she may disagree!'

'And?'

'Well if she fails then Karen gets to drink more with the added pleasure, for
us at least, of suffering a full bladder.  And, a full bladder with a full cunt
can be a very pleasurable combination, don't you think?'  Agnes flushed
slightly as she spoke, careful not to reveal her ultimate plan, the ultimate
indignity for Karen.

'OK, I will agree so far, but I may change my mind if things get out of hand.' 
Greta felt that she had to take charge once more.

Karen listened to the conversation around, and about her, in silence.  In fear
of being further punished.  She looked at the table, now tidied up with one
bottle neatly stood against one 'toy'.  Surely she thought, Lisa could take the
two brushes, even though the handles were carved ornately.  Unless,.that is,
she thought, Agnes intended to use the bristles first.  No!  Surely Miss Greta
would not allow that evil torment.

Lisa too stared at the table.  She was fairly confident about her initial
challenge but there was no way she could ever take the squash or the inflatable
dildo.

Karen was having similar thoughts.  She had tried a squash once, a long time
ago and the sensation, the steadily increasing stretching had indeed been
pleasurable, but, as for Lisa, who could say.  Karen felt that Lisa would not
be able to manage the squash, so that meant a further full bottle of eater.  A
further bottle when she was already beginning to feel uncomfortably full.   As
for the inflatable dildo, she was certain that Lisa could nor cope.  If it
could be inflated before insertion then it would be a certainty that Agnes
would make it too big for her to manage.

Another bottle to drink!

As Agnes and Greta walked around the cage behind Lisa Karen had a final glance
at the table.  

Four bottles, four objects, a certainty that she would have to drink the
contents of two bottles at least.  And then a chill went through her.  

One more object.  What was Agnes planning.

One final object. The shoe.

The spike heeled strappy sandal.




End of Part 49


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 50 - Pleasures



Agnes looked over at Greta and smirked.  'I don't think she feels that Lisa is
up to it, do you?'

Greta shrugged her shoulders, making her heavy breasts sway provocatively under
their thin cladding.  'Not a problem for us, is it?  After all, we shall enjoy
ourselves however the wretches perform.'  She smiled broadly.  'And perform
they will!'

Karen lay with her legs as wide as she could manage and continued to slowly
pump the heavily veined dildo in and out of her increasingly wet and slick
tunnel.  As she did so her mind was a turmoil of conflicting thoughts, even
though her gaze was fixed firmly on the solitary strappy shoe.

Agnes looked back at Karen and noticed her gaze, her fixed stare, at the
fragile object.  'I see you like that, my dear.  Be assured that you will get
to like it a lot, get to know it intimately soon, just as soon as we have
finished with poor cramped Lisa here.'

Lisa swallowed nervously as she thought through the implications for Karen,
before her mind turned to her own immediate predicament.

Greta stood up and walked over to the cage, swaying gently as Lisa tried to
ease her cramped muscles.  'Still, my dear, be still,' Greta spoke soothingly
as she casually caressed Lisa's swollen nipples.  'You know you want to please
me, please Mistress Agnes.'

'Yes Mistress, you know that I want to please you both, to give you as much
pleasure as I can.'

Karen, her hand still steadily pumping the dildo deep inside her, wondered at
Lisa's statement.  It was one thing to obey, to willingly acquiesce to a
Mistress's commands, but to actually volunteer with no incentive seemed to
Karen to be a little reckless.

Agnes looked at the naked and helpless Lisa and moved over to the table. She
looked again at Karen and reminded her, 'Slave Lisa will take whatever we give
her to my, our, complete satisfaction or you will pay the small penalty I have
promised.'  She looked at Greta and raised an eyebrow.  'Is that right my dear,
the slut will please me, sorry, us and Karen will be unpunished.'  As she
finished her sentence she smirked at the puzzled look on Greta's face.  'What
is the problem my dear, you look a little worried?'

Greta paused her manipulations on Lisa's swollen and rigid nipples and stared
around the room and then at Agnes.  'Nothing really, my dear, nothing.  It's
just..' she paused, '... it's just that I get the impression that you are in
charge, that you are trying to take over here.  Please don't be offended but I
have to remind you,' Greta lowered her voice, making it difficult for Karen and
Lisa to hear what she was saying, 'that this is my dungeon, and these are my
slaves.'

'Of cour....'  Agnes tried to speak but Greta cut her off in mid-stream.

'My slaves, but of course we shall share them for our pleasures, is that
clear?'  Greta paused.  'Always remember that I have the final word here.'

Agnes stood silently, worried that she had perhaps gone a little too far, too
soon.  She had tried to control her words, her tone, in an attempt to slowly
take over the whole situation.  Now Greta was on her guard.  A problem she had
not foreseen when she first planned her scheme.   What could she do now?  She
had really committed herself to her long held dream, her dream to finally and
totally control Greta, to subject her to as much humiliation as she could,
perhaps even to the extent of turning the slaves against her as well.  Now? 
Perhaps the time was not yet right.

Greta too was silent.  She had carefully groomed Karen and Lisa, and, of
course, the males along the corridor and she had her own plans for her
increasingly difficult husband.   She had made all of the arrangements for the
grand "Karen and Lisa" show to go on to her existing Web site and now it seemed
as if her long time friend Agnes was trying to muscle in, trying to take over
even.  She shook her head and asserted herself. 'Karen, my dear, put a little
more energy into your work will you.  I am sure that if we gave Ken a chance to
fuck you he would use considerably more energy.  Do as Mistress Agnes
suggested, "Fuck yourself", harder, now.'

Karen murmured her agreement, 'Yes Mistress, of course Mistress.'and increased
the tempo of her self indulgent thrusts, all of the while staring at the single
spike heeled shoe.

Agnes, sensing the need for a retreat from her previous intentions moved
swiftly to placate her friend.  'Greta my dear, my dear, dear, friend, shall we
put the young slut to her first test.'  As she spoke she picked up one of the
two ornately handled hairbrushes and passed it in front of Lisa's worried gaze.
 'Which end shall we try, my little slut,  which would you prefer to
experience?'

Lisa looked at the brush, the handle long and intricately carved, the head
liberally covered with short stiff bristles.  The thought of those being
inserted into her, however gently, horrified her.  She was not averse to pain,
she even enjoyed a fair degree of pain in her never-ending search for pleasure,
but that choice, those bristles, seemed a step too far, even for her.  She
thought carefully before she replied.  'I will take whatever my Mistress
desires.'  She spoke pleadingly and looked directly into Greta's eyes, the
implied affront to Agnes obvious to all in the room.

Greta was quick to seize on the chance to assert her authority.  'Of course you
will my dear, of course you will.  Here,' she turned to Agnes, 'give her a
taste of the handle, those nice rough edges should stimulate her nicely without
any lasting damage.  After all, you know I hate to draw blood or do serious
damage to any of my guests!'  She smiled confidently at the thought of Karen
and Lisa, and the wretched Andy, being quite so important as to be "guests".

Agnes, seeing that her opportunity to control the situation had passed, smiled
at Greta, 'My pleasure!'  She took the handle and guided it in to the helpless
Lisa, her rounded cheeks held open, her smoothly shaven labia moist and gaping.
 As Agnes inserted the wooden handle she twisted it, making Lisa gasp.  Karen
paused in her pumping to stare at Lisa's face contorted with the sudden twinge
in her depths.  'Keep fucking yourself, slut!'  Agnes called from behind Lisa
as she continued to twist the carved rod inside Lisa.

Greta bent down and looked into Lisa's reddened face. 'Do you like that my
dear, is it nice?'

Lisa gasped and panted as she felt the carved surface rotate deep inside her. 
'Yes Mistr...  ouch... ah!'

Agnes smiled at the discomfort that Lisa experienced and paused in her
manipulations.  'Not good enough I suspect, not good enough.  Do you think we
could call that a failure?'  She addressed Greta.

'Yes, I think we should.'  Greta was happy to stop the pain for Lisa and it was
a good way to assert herself and regain control in her own dungeon.   'Yes, I
afraid slave Karen will have to pay the penalty.'

Agnes roughly withdrew the brush and threw it on the table in front of the two
girls.  She looked at Karen and picked up the waiting bottle.  'Here you are,
push that thing deep in you and then drink this ... all of this!'

Karen obeyed unwillingly.  She was enjoying the stimulation, she knew she was
approaching an orgasm and she wanted the flush of pleasure that she knew she
would get.  She was also feeling rather uncomfortable, having already drunk one
full bottle.  The thought of another, and perhaps more, worried her.  She knew
that she would soon begin to feel seriously uncomfortable and she knew, or she
thought she knew, just what Agnes intended.

Greta broke into her thoughts.  'Drink up girl, drink up.  You know perfectly
well that fucking can be thirsty work.'

'Yes Mistress.' Karen had to agree reluctantly, although in her experience,
self fucking was infinitely more pleasurable and less, as Great put it,
thirsty, work.  Even so she removed her hands from the slick rubber, savoring
the pressure, the expansion deep inside herself, and took the bottle from Agnes
who was smiling triumphantly.

Lisa stared at her friend as she held the bottle to her lips and swallowed. 
Paused for breath and swallowed again.

Agnes put her hands on her hips and glared as Karen took her time.  'Come on
woman, drink up, we haven't got all day you know.  Your friend here is waiting
to try her next test. Karen nodded and continued drinking from the bottle,
tipping it up as it slowly emptied.  Finally she gasped and put the bottle
down.

'Mistress.'  Karen dared to speak without permission.

Answering before Agnes could react, Greta spoke. ''Yes, my dear, you have
something to say?'

'Yes Mistress, I am sorry Mistress but I am feeling a little uncomfortable
here.'  She rubbed her lower stomach.  'Is it possible...'

'Nonsense!'  Agnes interrupted before Karen could finish 'We have much more to
do here, so don't be silly.'  She looked at Greta.  'Perhaps we should
compromise here and let the slut Lisa escape without sampling the other
brush.';

Lisa felt a flush of relief, immediately replaced by the realisation that the
remaining two objects were noticeably bigger than anything she had tried, or
inserted, in the past.  The thought of the unknown made her shiver.

Greta was quite happy to concede, she felt back in control of the situation now
and could afford to be generous. 'Yes, why not.  Why not indeed?  In fact
perhaps we can keep Karen working on her own pleasures for now and try to
persuade Lisa that things may be a tight squash, but that she can manage it.' 
She smiled at her weak joke.  'Perhaps I should have said that the squash could
be tight squash, but never mind.'  Stifling a giggle she picked up the squash
and showed it to Lisa.  ' DO you think you can manage that?'

'I do-don't know, Mistress.  It looks so big.'  Lisa was hesitant and she
looked at Karen for reassurance.

'No good looking at her, she can take most things in her cunt after all!' 
Greta was firmly in control and was enjoying herself.  Just look at the way she
is wearing that dildo out, rubbing it in and out like that.'

Lisa had to admit to herself that Karen did not seem too bothered by the
watching group, her eyes still staring at the shoe and her hand, both hands,
firmly grasping the phallus, pumping it vigorosly into her liquid depths.

Walking behind the caged slave, Greta handed the squash to Agnes who eagerly
pushed the carefully rounded narrow end against the waiting, heavily
lubricated, labia.  She twisted it slowly back and forth and gently eased it
into the narrow, unstretched, opening.

Lisa gasped as she felt the cold pressure.

Agnes increased her efforts and managed to sink the first inch or two into the
pliable flesh.

Lisa gasped again.

'Problem my dear?'  Agnes maintained the pressure. 'This is nothing really,
just imagine you were giving birth, then you would have reason to complain.   I
guess Mistress Greta has not had a chance to show you her special skills with
her hands yet.'

Greta smiled inwardly and glanced at Karen, still pleasuring herself with
increasing enthusiasm.  She thought of the earlier session when she had
successfully, and enjoyably, impaled a willing and wanton Karen on her clenched
fist, Impaled her on the fist and then opened her hand deep inside Karen's
capacious and sensitive cunt.  Opened her hand and given Karen the kind of deep
and satisfying internal stimulation that only a woman could understand.

Lisa gasped again, unable to move in the constricting cage, as the thick neck
began to slide into her heavily lubricated channel.  She tried to adjust to the
sensation of bursting, of pressure, as the smooth cold object went slowly
deeper.

Agnes was fascinated, watching the neck slowly disappear into the unwillingly
stretched flesh.  'You know, she is doing rather well here, better than I would
have expected.'  She pulled a face.  'I was hoping to get a few squeals out of
her when I did this...'  As she spoke she gave the squash a sharp thrust.

'Ohhhhhhh!'  Lisa finally gasped at the sensation.  'Please, please...'

'Oh, you want more?'  Agnes deliberately misunderstood and gave the squash
another thrust until the broad shoulder was hard against the dripping, reddened
labia.  Deciding that she had achieved her object she held the squash in
position and moved a little to one side so that she could tweak Lisa's nipple
with her free hand.

'Ahhhhhhhh!'  Lisa gasped, partly in pain, partly in ecstasy, at the sensations
coursing through her.

Karen paused briefly in her efforts and tore her gaze away from the glistening
heel to look at her friend, crouched immovably in the cage, while her cunt was
pitilessly stretched at the same time as her nipple was being tweaked.  She
could see that, despite the unaccustomed sensations in her loins, Lisa was
beginning to experience the beginnings of an orgasm.  An orgasm brought on by
being abused in a new and novel manner.

Greta let her breath out noisily, unaware that she had been holding it while
she enjoyed the sensation of seeing Lisa brought near to a climax by Agnes'
ministrations.   She looked over at Agnes and smiled  'My dear, why don't we
work on these two like this for a while, I know they will enjoy it almost as
much as we will watching them.'

Agnes nodded as she gave the deeply embedded squash an gentle turn.  'Agreed. 
You, Karen, you know what you have to do.  Do it!'

Greta murmured her assent.   'Perhaps... you know... we can arrange a final
mutual pleasure for them both.'  She looked at Agnes, at the inflatable dildo
and the remaining object.  Agnes followed her gaze and nodded.  'Yes, I suspect
that it will all be thirsty work, for both of them!'  



Karen, aware that her urgent pumping had eased as she watched Lisa, began her
thrusts again.  She was uncomfortably aware of an increasing fullness, an
increasing pressure.

She stared at the table.

The bottles.

The inflatable dildo.

The shoe.

The spike heeled strappy sandal.





End of Part 50


(c) 2003 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.




The Adventures of Karen - Part 51 - Out of Control


Agnes smiled happily, perhaps she could regain a little control again, all she
had to do was to be patient and she would control Greta, own Greta.

Greta casually stroked Lisa's naked breasts as they hung, swaying gently with
the motion of the cage, before she walked to the table and picked up the
inflatable dildo.  'Here, my dear, here is your final challenge - for now.'

Lisa stared at the black rubber shape, frighteningly large even in it's
uninflated state.  She was all too painfully aware that with just a few
squeezes of the bulb hanging from the bottom of the dildo the head would expand
to a much more formidable size, with the shaft itself also thickening in
proportion.



Karen saw Lisa's pale face. Saw her fear.  Saw that she was truly afraid that
this was one challenge that she would not be able to withstand.

'Mistress, Mistress, may I speak?'  Karen paused in her relentless pumping,
holding her own over-sized dildo deep inside her.

'No, silence, slave!'  Agnes snapped from her position behind Lisa.

Karen stared almost defiantly at Agnes and spoke again. 'Mistress Greta, please
Mistress Greta.'  Greta had heard the exchange in grim silence and she felt
some small satisfaction when Karen had ignored Agnes and addressed herself
directly to her.

'Of course you may, my dear slave, of course you may.'  Greta smiled with her
mouth, her eyes set in a stony stare as she looked at Agnes.

'Please, Mistress, I think that that thing, that dildo, will be just too much
for Lisa,' Karen felt wary of speaking boldly, 'sorry, slave Lisa.'

'Well?'

'Perhaps I should take it instead and let me be punished.'  Karen managed to
finish her proposal before the courage left her.  She had offered herself for
punishment, punishment that she knew she could handle, even enjoy, in an
attempt to save Lisa from undue distress.

Agnes cleared her throat in the gloom of the room behind the swinging cage. 
'Greta my friend, if I may speak freely?'

Greta, unsmiling, nodded her head.

'Why don't we just go ahead anyway, after all they are just our slaves and
we..'

'Excuse me, my slaves, if you remember, my slaves!'  Greta was dangerously near
losing her temper at this further attempt to undermine her authority.  Fully
aware that the two slave girls could hear every word spoken she thought
rapidly.  She did not want, she did not intend, that Agnes would take power,
but she did not want to be too abrupt.  Ideally, she thought, she should
compromise, bide her time, and then, when the time was right she could put
Agnes in her place.  Perhaps, her mind wandered briefly, she could even put
Agnes in some form of captivity, some form of punishing restraint.  Greta
smiled at the beginnings of an idea.  'My dear, may I suggest that we make sure
that slave Karen is not thirsty, I know you would like that!'

Agnes responded almost happily.  'Yes, of course, I like to see the bitch
suffer when she fills up, it can get so, shall we say, so embarrassing for
them, and so exciting for us.  Yes, she should drink another bottle
straightaway'

Greta nodded her assent and turned to Karen.  'You heard Mistress Agnes, drink
that next bottle, all of it, now!'

Karen paled and began to speak before she thought better.  Nodding her head
glumly she reached across and took the bottle from Greta.  

'Keep it interesting for all of us, keep fucking yourself with one hand while
you hold the bottle and drink.'  Agnes daringly intervened as she moved around
to the side of the cage and inserted her hand to cup and tease Lisa's hanging,
defenceless, breast.

Lisa, conscious that she was in no position to complain or speak unless
commanded, bit her lip as Agnes pinched and twisted her rubbery nipple, pinched
and stretched it to almost twice its normal erect length.  She stared fixedly
at Karen as she gently stroked the dildo in and out of her reddening cunt with
her left hand and held the bottle to her mouth with her right hand.  Despite
the situation, Lisa could only admire Karen's ability to use the dildo so
effectively, with either hand or with both.  She could not resist the thought
that Karen must have had many happy hours to develop her dexterity, many happy
hours of solitary masturbation and penetration.

Greta too, was staring at Karen, the increasing liquid intake beginning to make
her normally gently rounded belly begin to bloat.

Finishing the bottle, Karen gasped and despite her reservations, she spoke to
Greta, while still slowly thrusting the gleaming wet dildo in and out of her
depths. 'Please, please, I really do think I shall have to visit the...'

'Nonsense, be patient, slave!'  Agnes interrupted from her position besides
Lisa.  As she spoke she emphasised her words by tugging Lisa's tormented nipple
as hard as she could, making Lisa groan in pain.  'You be silent too!'


Greta, sensing that the situation was finely balanced, took the bottle away
from Karen, murmuring, 'Soon my slave, soon!'

Agnes gave a satisfied smile.

Turning towards her friend and to Lisa still cramped tightly within the steel
bars, Greta spoke slowly and quietly.  'We will do things my way, my way, is
that clear?'

Agnes nodded silently and felt that she had finally lost the battle of wills.



'So, where were we?  Ah yes!  Agnes my dear, use that little toy and show slave
Lisa that size may not be everything, but in this case we'll make an exception.
 Oh, yes, and make sure you swing the cage round, I want slave Karen to see you
insert it into that tight little cunt. I want her to see how you can stretch it
nice and wide!'

'Of  course, as you wish.'  Agnes felt a rush of relief, it appeared that Greta
had decided to leave matters as they were.  She made a mental note to make no
unnecessary move or comment that may finally sever her friendship with Greta. 
Reluctantly releasing Lisa's tormented bruised nipple with a final pinch, she
swung the cage around on the suspension chain until the widely separated cheeks
exposed Lisa's wet labia to Karen's gaze.

'Keep looking, slave Karen, and keep fucking!'  Greta warned Karen as various
schemes for dealing with Agnes flashed through her mind.  After the last
interruption she had made her mind up that Agnes would be dealt with in a
suitable manner as soon as an opportunity presented itself.  Briefly she
reminded herself that her husband, too, had finally pushed his luck to the
limits.  Perhaps there was a way she could manage to deal with both Karl and
Agnes in a way that would assert her authority over both of them.   Tearing her
mind from such happy thoughts she turned to Agnes, 'Go on my dear, insert the
thing and let's have a little, ha, a little, fun.'

'My pleasure, my dear'  Agnes picked up the inflatable and held it in front of
Karen, letting the dangling bulb' swing and gently brush her nipples. 'I think
she is quite well lubricated already, so let's go.'

As she spoke she held the rounded head of the dildo against the wet and putting
lips of Lisa's already abused labia.  Pausing, she dared to comment. 'What
should I do with this little thing, slave Karen?'

Karen looked desperately at Greta, confused at the sudden request. 'Er, er,
well, use it I suppose.'

'Pitiful, tell us just what I should do, and make sure your slut friend can
hear you too.'

'Er, Mistress.  Please push it inside her, please.'

'Is that the best you can do.'  Agnes demanded, looking at Greta for signs that
she may have offended.  Greta did not react other than to nod her head.,

'Please, Mistress, push it into Lisa's cunt.'  Karen struggled to say the
words.

'Louder, slut!'  Agnes savored the pleasure of giving orders to a submissive
slave.

'Mistress,' Karen raised her voice, ' please push the dildo deep into Lisa's
cunt.'  Karen paused and saw Agnes frown.  'Mistress, please fuck my friends
cunt with that dildo, please!'

'Well done, slave Karen, well done!'  Greta murmured quiet words of
encouragement, pleased that Karen had headed off a further outburst from Agnes.
 'Just keep fucking yourself and watch how it stretches your friends cunt.' 
Greta looked at Karen to observe her reaction.  'And stop looking at that shoe,
you've spent enough time staring at that, now look at Lisa's cunt!'



Karen reluctantly turned her gaze from the spike heel and looked wide eyed as
Agnes began to insert the dildo into Lisa's yielding cunt. Watched as inch
after inch after inch slowly sank into the pink wet flesh.  Even in it's
uninflated state it was obvious that the intruder was stretching Lisa's vaginal
entrance into a nicely rounded 'o' shape, the pressure defining an thin line of
slightly paler flesh in contrast to the deeper pink of her labia.

Agnes was breathing heavily as she savored the power of inserting this object
of pleasure deeper and deeper into the softly yielding flesh.  Finally she
sensed, rather than felt, that she had reached the furthest depths of Lisa's
tormented cunt.  She tried a few experimental strokes, simulating a slow,
tormenting fuck with the latex phallus, smiling happily as she did so.

'Well?'  Greta wanted to test Agnes.  She had finally made up her mind that she
would re-define her friendship with Agnes and re-assert herself.  She had the
inkling of an idea which would involve both Agnes and Karl in a situation that
they may find less pleasurable that any onlookers.  Time enough for detailed
plans later, but plans were beginning to form in her mind.

Agnes was happy to oblige, now that she had inserted the phallus as deep as
possible.  Glancing over her shoulder, she looked at Karen, slowly pumping her
own phallus and staring at the black intruder deep inside Lisa, as she grasped
the hanging tube and grasped the bulb secured at the end. With a final glance
at Karen and Greta she began to slowly inflate the dildo.  



As Karen watched, reluctant now to tear her eyes from the spectacle, she could
see the inch or so of the shaft still exposed begin to expand, but, as she was
well aware, the inner end, the head of the dildo, was beginning to expand at a
greater rate.  Agnes continued pumping until the shaft had increased it size by
more than half, which, she knew full well, meant that the head itself had
doubled in diameter, doubled and expanded its rimmed, substitute, glans like an
exaggerated erection, deep inside Lisa.  Dropping the bulb and letting it swing
on its connecting tube, she walked and looked at Lisa's face.  'Hmmmm, I see
you quite enjoy that!'  Agnes smirked as she stared at Lisa's pale face, her
staring eyes beginning to water in the corners.  ' I think another session is
indicated, don't you?'  Without waiting for a response she walked back to the
bulb and, picking it up , began pumping immediately.

Karen continued to stare in fascination as the enlarged shaft began to stretch
Lisa's gaping vagina to several times it's normal size, certainly large enough
to handle a full fist entry.

'Please, please...'  A muffled sob came from Lisa.  'Please stop, it's just too
much to bear, please stop.'

Karen felt a pang of remorse at enjoying the sight of the cruelly stretched
cunt in front of her.  She knew from past experience just how big, just how
overpowering, such a large object could feel when embedded deep inside.

'Please, please, stooooooopppp!'  Lisa screamed as Agnes continued to pump and
expand the rubber phallus.

Karen, desperate to help her friend, looked appealingly at Greta. 
Unfortunately she too was staring wide eyed at Lisa's widely stretched labia,
stretched almost to the point of tearing.  Casting her eyes around, Karen fixed
her gaze once again on the spike heeled shoe that had fascinated, aroused, her
during her long dildo aided masturbation. 

With one last glance at Greta, she pulled the wet, glistening dildo out of her
own distended cunt and reached over to the table.  Picking up the shoe by the
heel she brought it to her mouth and sensuously licked the five inches of
slimly curved heel.  Carefully holding the shoe she guided it into her
enlarged, well lubricated channel, and thrust it in as deep as she could. 
'Mistress, Mistress, may I continue please?'

Greta, until now unaware of Karen's actions, turned and stared, first in
disbelief and then in admiration.   The sight of the long slender heel so
deeply embedded in Karen's cunt was, of itself, erotic enough, but she sensed
an opportunity to give relief to Lisa without losing face with Agnes.

'Yes, of course, of course you may.'  As she spoke Agnes turned her head and
sneered. 'Is that all, I think I've got better things to do here.'

'No, what slave Karen is doing is educational. I think we should allow slave
Lisa to see this.'

Reluctant to stop her torment, but aware of her precarious position, Agnes let
the bulb fall from her grasp and swung the cage around so that Lisa could get a
good view of Karen's performance.

'That's right, let Lisa see how a slave can get pleasure from any suitable
object.' Greta was back in charge, and she knew that Agnes had finally lost the
battle of wills.  'My dear, will you please adjust the cage it so that Lisa has
a good close up view of the proceedings.'

Agnes made the necessary adjustments so that Lisa's face was level with Karen's
abused cunt and barely a couple of feet from it.

'Just so, no, slave Karen, you will turn the shoe around.'  Greta looked at
Karen, who, despite her efforts to ignore her earlier drinking, was clearly in
some distress.  'Quickly now, pull the heel out and push the other end, the
wide end, into yourself.'



Karen nodded dumbly.  She knew that this was going to happen, she had developed
a sense of anticipation whenever Greta was involved.  There was no real
problem, it would not be the first time that she had experimented with one of
her own shoes, but usually she had used one of her pumps, because the gently
curved toe, the smooth leather texture, made it relatively easy to insert it
into her well lubricated channel.  The only problem, the real, the very real
problem was that she was full almost to bursting.  She knew her bladder must
have neared bursting point by now, but the increased pressure was, in a
perverse way, pleasurable, although, in this situation it would make the
insertion of the broad sole more difficult.

'Now!'  Greta spoke sharply.

Carefully Karen extracted the heel, slick with her juices, and gingerly pushed
the slim sole between her labia.  The first inch entered easily, more easily
than she had dared hope, but the narrow strap that normally fitted so snugly
across her toes was a problem, catching her clitoris as she pushed.  Carefully,
holding the shoe with one hand , she used two fingers of the other to gently,
carefully, ease her ultra sensitive clitoris away from the narrow strap until
it entered the widening lubricated channel.  Despite the situation, despite the
fact that she knew Lisa was staring at her every move from such a close
position, she felt an extra thrill as she touched her clitoris.  She knew that
the prolonged masturbation had kept her in a state of high arousal but she also
knew that, as long as she avoided too much clitoral stimulation, she could
continue for a considerable time.

'Right in, push harder!'  Greta was insistent. 



Lisa watched in silence, the sight of the slim soft smooth leather sole slowly
entering Karen's warm cunt taking her mind off her own discomfort.



Karen slowly continued to insert the shoe until almost two-thirds of it was
deep inside her.  Holding the heel she began to slowly, cautiously, fuck
herself.  Forgetting in her excitement the need to keep her clitoral
stimulation to a minimum she gently grazed the ultra sensitive nubbin once
again.  Despite her efforts, despite her will power, she felt the first surge
of a momentous orgasm.   Throwing caution to the winds, she pushed the shoe as
deep into herself as she could and frantically rubbed her clitoris.

Karen began to lose control as orgasmic waves began to flow inside her.

Fingering herself faster and faster she finally could not hold herself back any
more.  'OOOOOOOooohhhhh  cummmmmmmmmmmmmm, cummmmmmmmmm, cummmmmmmmm.'

As the waves of pleasure reached a crescendo, as she lost control in the depths
of her orgasm, so she lost control of her bladder.

Even as Greta and Agnes watched, even as Lisa watched from so near, Karen's
bladder evacuated with such force that her urine showered directly into and
over Lisa's face.  Vaguely aware of what she was doing, but unwilling and
unable to stop herself, Karen continued spraying the helpless Lisa until,
slowly, her flow finished.

Lisa, at first unaware  of what would happen, closed her eyes and mouth
instinctively, before she realised that this experience, something entirely new
to her, was not wholly unpleasant.  Karen had drunk a considerable amount of
water and her flow was itself almost water clear and, to Lisa's surprise, sweet
tasting.  Lisa relaxed and let herself be bathed in the warm flow.



The room became silent.

Agnes watched in disbelief, aroused by the spectacle but angry that her
personal pleasures had been interrupted, so suddenly and so finally.

 'Enough!  An excellent spectacular.' Greta lowered the cage to the now
dripping floor. 'Let us release slave Lisa  and let them both go and get
cleaned up!'

Greta smiled to herself.  Karen had committed her most humiliating act yet and
was, undoubtedly even more beholden than she had previously been.  Perhaps she,
perhaps even Lisa, would become useful allies in her revenge on Agnes and Karl.

Sweet revenge!





End of Part 51


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story then feel free to make, and keep, a copy.  If you
didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.  If you wish
to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but remember to
credit me as the author. 

Any suggestions for future stories involving Karen would be welcomed.





The Adventures of Karen - Part 52 - Relaxing


Karen and Lisa made their way slowly towards their cells, bare feet padding
softly on the cool floor.   Lisa was struggling to walk properly after she had
been confined for so long in the cage.  It had been a confinement that had
brought her pain and comfort, pleasure and humiliation and yet, now she was
free, she was, in some strange way, lost.  The warm supporting arm of Karen and
the feel of her warm breast against her side were comforts to her, comforts she
was grateful for despite the undeniable cooling wetness between her legs,
despite the dampness of her hair and the sweet tangy taste of Karen's urine on
her lips.

Karen walked in silence her mind in turmoil with the events of the past few
hours.  The prolonged masturbation and the incredible release of the orgasm as
she performed the final penetration with the shoe had left her tired but
incredibly satisfied. 

The shoe, the shoe!

What had she done with it?  She paused and patted Lisa gently on the shoulder
and returned swiftly to the dungeon where the still glistening confection of
leather and slim spiked heel lay on the floor.  Bending gracefully, she picked
it up and, carrying it by the still wet heel, she trotted quickly back to the
waiting Lisa.  

'Couldn't forget my special little friend, now, could I?' Karen addressed Lisa
softly.  'After all, who know what kind of mood I'll wake up in later.'

Lisa smiled wanly, her own thoughts still centering around the final moments of
Karen's orgasm, rather than the incredible fullness that the latex dildo had
inflicted on her.

Finally they reached the end of the corridor and stood, arms around each other
at the open doorway to Karen's small room.

'Please, my dear sweet Lisa, come with me and let me clean you up', Karen felt
a twinge of guilt as she stroked Lisa's wet hair and tasted her own urine on
Lisa's face as she gently kissed her.

'No, no, please...'  Lisa stopped her and turned to Karen with tears in her eyes.
 '..no, I'll be alright.'  She stopped and a loud sob burst from her lips.

Karen stood back and stared at Lisa.  'Oh god, what have I done, I am so sorry
for..'

'No, no, please, I - I - I enjoyed it so much, I just want to remember you
doing that for as long as I can.

Karen was surprised at the reaction, she had felt incredible pleasure at the
moment she orgasmed and released her bursting bladder, but then felt shame at
doing so in front of an audience.  She fully expected Lisa to be totally
disgusted with her and the reaction she was seeing came as a shock.

'No, please Karen,  lets just sit together and I'll tell you.'  Lisa walked
over to the wide soft bed and sat gingerly on the edge.  Karen stood in front
of her, loathe to sit down until she had heard more.  'Well?'

'You see, I know it was, well, you know, different, but, you know, it was also
so amazing.  I'd always wondered what it would be like if someone ... someone
did . . .that.'  Lisa was embarrassed at her admission. 'You see, I'd often sat
in the shower and experimented with, no, on, myself like that.'

'Me too, me too!'  Karen blurted.  'Yes I've done that so many times.  So many
times.'  Karen paused and moved to Lisa and held her head. 'Can I show you?'

Lisa stared, shivered slightly and stood up.  'Yes please, yes please.'  She
put her arms round Karen's neck and kissed her full on the lips, her tongue
softly probing.  Karen returned the hug and opened her mouth wider to accept
Lisa's probing velvety tongue'.

'Mmmmmmmm, mmmmmmmmmm, yes, yes yes!'  Karen pulled away from Lisa's questing
tongue and pulled her towards the wide shower stall.  'Now, I want you to stand
here and say nothing, and do nothing just watch me.'  Karen put Lisa against
the far wall of the bathroom and moved towards the shower.  She still felt a
little embarrassed but she knew that she was ready to void her bladder once
more; the bottles of water had done their work only too well.  She wanted to
take the chance she had to bring Lisa ever closer to her, to her secret and
pleasurable ways.

Karen settled herself on the floor of the shower stall, revelling in the cool
feel of the tiles on her naked back and raised her heels up against the back
wall. Slowly, carefully, she edged her way towards the wall, keeping her back
flat on the floor as her bare feet 'walked' up the wall.  When she had wriggled
as far forward as she could she struggled to lift her hips as high as she could
and supported herself with her forearms under her smooth rounded cheeks.

'Now watch this...'  Karen looked over her head towards the staring Lisa.  'Let
me concentrate    aahhhhhhh'.  Karen frowned as she opened her legs as wide as
she could against the back wall of the shower stall.  She eased her arms a
little so that one hand was supporting her in the small of her back and brought
her right hand round to gently separate her swollen, orgasm reddened, labia. 
'Aahhhhhhhhhh.  Yes, now, now watch... '  Karen gasped with the efforts.

Lisa stared fascinated as a firm steady pale stream erupted from Karen's tiny
urethra, erupted into a steady arcing stream, showering sweet golden droplets
on Karen's breasts and face.  Gasping, Karen opened her mouth wide to catch the
sweet stream.

'Ohmigod.  Wonderful wonderful.. ' Lisa gasped and pushed her hand between her
thighs as she watched.

All too soon the stream ,the pale golden stream, slowly fell, the last drops
splattering across breasts and shaven mound as Karen relaxed herself and
slumped back on to the tiled floor.


'There, there, did you like that?'  Karen gasped triumphantly as she twisted
her head to look at Lisa.

'Ohmigod, yes, yes.' Lisa smiled and knelt beside Karen to cup her head and
kiss her full on the lips, again probing her firm tongue deep into Karen's
willing mouth.



As the two girls held each other and exchanged passionate kisses, away in the
control room at the other side of the dungeon, Greta sat enthralled staring at
the video screen, the silence only broken by the whirring video recorders. 
Reluctantly Greta moved her hand from her heavy breasts and stood up.  Thinking
to herself of the many refinements that she could devise with such a willing
pair of slaves she walked from the room towards the slaves quarters.  The time
had come, she had decided, to enlist slave Karen in her plans to punish and
discipline her errant husband and the increasingly troublesome Agnes.

As she passed through the dungeon Greta paused and looked around at her well
used array of equipment: implements of pleasure and pain in equal amounts. 
Wandering around the walls she touched various objects gently and sensuously,
savoring the erotic feel of cool steel, soft leather and the heady aroma of the
latex bondage clothes that she had yet to fully utilise on her willing slave
girls.  Perhaps - perhaps;  no she shook her head, why not save some of those
special pleasures for herself and her two slave girls for a later date.  The
first priority had to be to bring Agnes under control, total control.  

Greta smiled to herself as she thought of having, for the first time, a mature
slave, a well rounded woman who had had much experience with slave girls.  It
would truly be an exciting experience to bring such a woman under total
control, total submission.. Even better, she thought, why not give her to the
two young slaves who had just shown their devotion to each other.

Suddenly, she stopped.  Greta, already aroused from her earlier session in the
dungeon and again by watching the liquid antics of Karen felt that she, Greta,
had to have some relief.  What was the best way?  Masturbation?  Take her
pleasure with one of the girls?  Some strict self bondage even?  Ah, yes, that
was it.  She could not avail herself of the female slaves, they had other uses
in the near future, but she could permit herself the enjoyment of self
inflicted pleasure, self inflicted pain, self inflicted arousal.  Yes, that was
it!

Greta moved across to the side of the room and looked around the well stocked
shelves for some suitable aids to her desires.  Picking up a couple of soft
leather thongs she quickly stripped her clothes off and stood naked, stark
naked, in the cool solitude of the dungeon.  Strapping a broad, soft, leather
belt around her naked waist she adjusted it carefully.  Precision was
everything to Greta when she indulged her passion for self torment.  The broad
belt was in fact almost wide enough to be taken for a rather exotic waist
cincher.  The top edge came to just below her pendulous breasts, hanging and
swaying gently with her exertions.  The lower end was stretched tightly across
the top of her hips cutting into the soft rounded flesh.

Enough?

No!  Greta looked around for some more inspiration.  Yes, an idea crossed her
mind.  Why not tape some course Velcro strips to the top of the leather in such
a way that the coarse surface scratched and irritated the tender undersides if
her heavy tits?  Another pleasant sensation, both uncomfortable and at the same
time so stimulating.

Enough?  Not yet!  Greta felt impelled to inflict more discomfort. Easily
achieved of course by tightening the belt another couple of notches so that
bending, even breathing, was a little more difficult.

Satisfied with the sensations she had generated, Greta paused and briefly ran
her fingers between her swollen, well lubricated labia, pausing uncontrollably
as she flicked across the swollen nub of her clitoris, her favorite instrument
of pleasure.

No!  She stopped herself and picked up the thickest of the leather thongs that
she had selected.  Clipping one end, with some difficulty, to a convenient loop
at the back of the waist belt, she pulled the thick knotted length between her
thighs towards the matching loop at the front of the belt.  Carefully adjusting
the leather and positioning its artfully placed knots between her labia she
contrived to place one knot against her tightly puckered anal ring and another,
heavier, knot against her hardened clitoris.  Satisfied with positioning, she
clipped the thong to the front ring and straightened herself upright.  As she
expected, as she knew from long experience, the knots brought firm pressure to
her pleasure points, especially to her now protesting clitoris.  

Satisfied with her efforts she re-dressed herself leaving her heavy pendulous
breasts swinging gently onto their tormenting pads.  Slipping on her high heels
she took a few steps and gasped.

'Ohmigod!'  Greta could not stop her outburst.  The pleasure was so incredible.
 She thought carefully. She knew that she could not reveal her personal and
private pleasure to anyone.  At least not yet.  Time enough later when she
started her final training 

Composing herself she walked towards the male cells.


As she approached them the quiet murmuring she had head ceased.  Looking into
the cell holding the luckless Andy she saw that he was lying on his back,
gently caressing his semi erect penis.  Whether he had orgasmed or was just
indulging in idle pleasure Greta neither knew nor cared at this moment, her own
pleasures were paramount in her mind.

Moving on to the next cell she saw the sleekly smooth, dark body of her latest
acquisition, from the soon to be vanquished Agnes.

'You, come out here so that I can see you properly!'  Greta always enjoyed
asserting herself with a man, any man.  

'Wait!'

She moved to the adjoining cell and saw that Ken had anticipated her next move.
 He was stood by the door waiting for it to be unlocked.

'You too!  Out here!'  Greta motioned him to stand next to Peter, whose skin
seemed almost to have a silky sheen.

Watching them take up position about four feet apart she stared, then
commanded; 'Present yourselves!'

Instantly the two naked males stood upright with their legs apart and raised
their arms and clasped their arms behind their heads, staring fixedly forward.

'Well done, well done.' Greta murmured as she appraised the two muscular
bodies.  She was fascinated that, as she stared at them, both of their penises
began to thicken.  'Yes, you may permit yourself a moment of pleasure!'

Still standing motionless and silent the two men focussed their thoughts on
their own secret pleasures, even perhaps lusting after the desirable female
standing so carelessly in front of them.  They were clearly aware the she had
walked by them with her bra-less breasts swinging freely under the flimsy
material of her dress, but they were quite unaware of the secret personal and
private pleasures Greta was getting from her careful and stringently applied
restraints.

Slowly, steadily and with noticeable pulsations, matching their heartbeats,
both penises rose to their full extension.

'Hmmmmm, a superb pair of cocks we have here, both so thick, so very thick and
both so long and powerful.'  Greta casually brushed the back of her hand over
each throbbing erection before gently teasing each smooth bare glans with her
finely manicured nails, making both men gasp with a mixture of pleasure and
pain.  'You like?'

Aware that they were not permitted to react other than to bow their head, Greta
was gratified at the instant reaction.

'Well done, both of you.  Now you may go back to your cells and relax.'  Greta
smiled broadly.  'You may need your energies later!'  As she spoke she turned
on her heel and walked towards the other end of the corridor, towards her two
nubile slaves.



 As she approached Karen's cell she heard giggles and moans interspersed. 
Taking care to walk quietly, and slowly, a process which both masked her
approach and intensified the pleasure from the tightly fitting leather thong,
she moved towards the shower room.  Peering through the steam she saw that
Karen and Lisa were happily soaping each other and gently rubbing their
lathered hands over each others glistening tits before transferring their
attentions to the smooth pouting labia that had obviously been subject to much
cleansing in the last few minutes.

'Oh yes!' Greta spoke loudly. 'Just what is going on here?'

'Karen tuned and flaunted her glistening nakedness, partly hiding Lisa in the
process. 'Er, nothing, nothing Mistress Greta.'  She turned and nudged Lisa who
was trying unsuccessfully to stifle yet another giggle.

'Strange sort of nothing I do declare!'  Greta casually flicked Karen's erect
nipples.  'I suppose these little pearls are acting on their own then?'

Speaking as one the two girls answered primly 'No, Mistress Greta. Sorry
Mistress Greta.'

'Ah well, no harm done.  I expect you were glad to get cleaned up after you
little adventure in the dungeon.'  Greta paused and stared at Karen.  'and your
little, shall we say, experiment, in here.'

Karen gasped and her face reddened with embarrassment.  'M-Mistress?'

'You know full well that nothing escapes my attention, you are always being
watched.  But surely you knew that.'  Greta stated it as fact rather than as a
question.

'Yes.  No.  Er yes. Sorry, yes Mistress Greta.'  Karen realised that she should
have been more careful but then again, whatever she did was bound to be shared
at some stage with her Mistress.

'Don't worry my dear, don't worry, I was most impressed, most impressed'  Greta
stroked Karen's wet hair.  'I look forward to your next performance.'

Karen and Lisa relaxed a little, pleased and relieved that Greta was clearly in
a good mood.  A good mood for reasons that they could not have believed.

'Now, my dear sluts, slaves, girls, whatever, just dry yourselves and come out
here, I have things to say to you.'  With that Greta turned and walked out,
desperate to continue her self abuse, her self flagellation for more precious
minutes.  She walked up the corridor and slowly back savoring the insistent
rubbing, the knot slipping more readily across and around her clit as the
leather became more lubricated with the copious flow of juices from her
capacious cunt.

Karen finally emerged from the shower room, freshly towelled and powdered, but
still quite naked.  Greta looked at her with lust filled eyes.  The constant
clitoral stimulation had brought her dangerously near to an orgasm and the
sight of Karen's firm. heavily nippled. breasts bobbing gently just inches from
her were making her lust for more of those special female pleasures that she
had previously shared with Karen.

Forcing herself to concentrate, she looked away and murmured 'Karen my dear,
please come a little walk with me, we have to speak privately.  Lisa, my dear,
you may rest here and your friend will soon be back.'

As they walked down the corridor, the sound of Greta's heels clicking on the
floor was accompanied by the soft padding of Karen's bare feet.  Lisa looked
longingly as Greta slipped her arm around Karen and casually stroked her firm
rounded ass.

'Listen carefully my dear I have some special plans and I need you to take a
very special place in them.' Greta paused. And, checking that she could not be
overheard, continued talking in a low whisper, keeping her head close to
Karen's lightly perfumed hair.

Lisa watched. Waited.  Wondered.



After long minutes Karen finally returned alone, smiling gently.

'Well, tell me, tell me!'  Lisa sat up and embraced Karen.

'No, dear sweetness, I can't, I have made a promise to Mistress.'  Karen looked
a little embarrassed at refusing her friend.  'Look my dearest one, I promise
you that you will find out soon enough, and I promise you, when you do you will
be very, very pleased.  Very pleased indeed!'

Lisa looked puzzled.  Disappointed.

'I can tell you something though.  Something that Mistress has, well, in a way,
given us.'  Karen smiled as she cupped Lisa's cheek and kissed her.  'We are
going to have time together, right here, just the two of us, to do whatever..'
Karen paused and caressed Lisa's firm rounded breasts '..but, we must get
plenty of rest.'

'Why? What do you mean?'

'Nothing, nothing.' Karen mischievously slipped her had between Lisa's parted
legs. 'All I can tell you is that we, we, are going to have a special treat on
our own, without Mistress, just us slaves.'

Lisa frowned as Karen smiled, aware that the words were deliberately vague. 
'How pleased she will be when she finds out.' Karen thought to herself.

Consoling herself with thoughts of the special pleasures yet to come, and the
even more intriguing possibilities after that Karen pulled Lisa down beside her
and began caressing and stroking the willing naked body.





End of Part 52


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then feel free to keep a copy and re-read it as
often as you like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know if you have
any, and I do mean ANY, ideas for improving the tale.  To those who write to me
already, thank you for your comments and thank you for your patience.

If you didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.

If you wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but
remember to credit me as the author. 




The Adventures of Karen - Part 53 - Refreshed and Ready - 1



Slurppppp!

Swishhhhhh!

Sssslurppppppppp, slurrrrppp, swish-swish-swish.

Karen stirred slightly in the depths of sleep, vaguely conscious of something
that was not quite normal.

Slowly, she climbed out of the depths, reaching the stage where she was partly
asleep, partly aware of her surroundings.  A delicious pre-wakening feeling.

Slurp, slapp, swishhh ...

Karen stirred and thought she could sense an aroma.  A sweet familiar aroma.  A
very familiar aroma.  Yes... surely it was, yes, it was unmistakeable, the
sweet smell of an aroused vagina.  A well lubricated, highly aroused, vagina.

Slurrrpppp.. ...swissssssss.. .

Karen focussed her senses more sharply. The noise.  The sweet smell of an
aroused well lubricated vagina.  No, she mentally corrected herself.  Not a
well lubricated vagina.  Nonsense, it was definitely the sweetness of a
dripping cunt, a sweet and desirable cunt.

She tried to stir and move herself.  She tried and found that she could not
move her head, she could not move her arms.  She grunted and tried to open her
eyes.

'At last, my sweetest one!'  Lisa's voice broke into Karen's thoughts as she
continued her struggles to move herself.

'W-w-what the ... what's happened?'  Karen's voice was sleep husky, her mouth
dry, but, she was becoming aware, there were parts of her that were far from
dry.

'C'mon, pet, open your eyes and stop struggling so much.'  Lisa's voice sounded
soft and inviting.

Forcing her heavy lids open, squinting in the unaccustomed light she tried to
focus on the shape above her.  Slowly she concentrated and realised her
predicament.  Lisa, a sweetly naked Lisa, was kneeling astride her chest, her
warm thighs clamping Karen's arms to her sides, her knees either side of her
head preventing her from moving.

Karen's vision cleared, her focus snapped into sharp images.   Sharp images,
well, perhaps, she though not so much sharp as soft.  Wet and soft.  Very wet
and very soft!

'You like?'  Lisa murmured as Karen was aware of the continuing swishing sound
that she had not quite defined in her mind.

Lying still and helpless Karen stared up at the naked Lisa above her and she
realised the reason that she had been woken.  She stared up Lisa's smoothly
rounded stomach,. To the rounded lower curves and thick, pointing, brown
nipples, Lisa's face framed between them.

'You like?'  Lisa repeated her question. 

Karen realised that Lisa was doing something to herself, one hand was reaching
behind and down, while her other hand was constantly flicking the exposed, red,
swollen nub of her hardened clitoris.  What was she doing... she was... 
Suddenly Karen's mind returned to it's full waking state.  Lisa was definitely
masturbating in the most delicious manner, making her clit so wet that it
gleamed sweetly with the oily juices.  But, and so much more exciting, she
realised, Lisa was also thrusting something in and out of her cunt, something
at once strange and yet familiar.

Lisa repeated her question without pausing in her intimate activities.

'You, you are..., yes you sweet little bitch, you're fucking yourself with my
shoe, my favourite shoe.  How dare...'  Karen paused, she was not offended by
Lisa taking her favorite toy, rather, she was pleased, aroused.  'How could you
start without asking me to watch?'

'But this is so much better, isn't it?  Such a nice way to wake up.  You've
been asleep for hours you know, I guess you were worn out after all the
pleasuring yesterday.'

'Yesterday?'  Karen had no idea how long she had been asleep.

'Oh yes, such a long time ago, so I thought I would give myself a little
pleasure.'  Lisa smiled down between her heavy tits, as they jiggled slightly
with the movement of her hands as they played around her soaking labial region.
 'Just look at this.'  Lisa stopped flicking her clit and spread her labia with
her fingers, her wet oily fingers.

Karen stared upwards, eyes fixed on the object nestling between the swollen
flesh.

Slowly, very slowly, Lisa gently extracted the long slender spike heel from the
warm depths of her wet tunnel.  Slowly, as fraction by fraction, the erotically
sensuous curves of the high leather clad heel emerged, Karen could see that it
was slick with the pale creamy juices that now seemed even sweeter.

'Now, lick it clean for me.' Lisa smiled softly and offered the length of the
oil-slick spike heel to Karen's already open mouth.

Karen eagerly licked the warm leather, the combination of aromas heightening
her own arousal.

'You like that?'  Lisa asked quietly.  'You like seeing me shoe fuck?'

'Dam right I do...' Karen paused from her eager licking and sucking on the wet
oily leather, '...but you weren't shoe  fucking.'  Karen continued running her
tongue along the slender heel.

'What, of course I was, you saw me.' Lisa looked puzzled.

'Karen reluctantly gave the slender heel, cleaned of it's delicious oily
secretions, one last kiss and stared at Lisa.  'No, my dear one, that was heel
fucking.  Let me explain, a heel fuck is exactly what you have been doing, and
there is nothing wrong with that, nothing at all.  After all, I love it so much
myself.  Too much in fact!'  Karen permitted herself a brief giggle.

'Then what...'

'Hush, hush.  My dear, you have so many pleasures to learn.  A heel fuck is
just the beginning for you.  I'll show you how good it can be to use two heels
at the same time.'  Karen closed her eyes.  'Mmmmmm.  Two together, two at
once, mmmmmm!'

'Tell me more pl...'  Lisa tried to ask another question.

'Wait, I'll have to show you a proper shoe fuck won't I?'  Karen grinned
broadly. 'No, no need is there?  I did just that yesterday, or whenever it was,
down the corridor in the dungeon.'

Lisa nodded.  'Of course, you got the shoe and...'

'...pushed the toe deep into my cunt, didn't I?'  Karen finished the sentence
for her.  'It does take some practice of course, but there is a lot of pleasure
using your shoe, any shoe, like that.  Something strappy and high heeled, then
you can have two lots of pleasure... mmmmmmmm!  We'll try it soon if you like,
just let me get up, please.'

'No, not yet!' Lisa spoke firmly, 'I've been flicking and jilling myself for
hours and, don't ask me how, I managed to stop myself cumming ... so far.  You
just give me a cum right now before I let you move an inch from there!'

'Thought you'd never ask!', Karen smiled and lifted her head slightly.  'Move
your cunt towards me, and push the heel back up yourself!'

Lisa adjusted her position so that her clit was directly above Karen's open
mouth.  Checking her position she carefully lowered herself until Karen's snake
like tongue began flicking the tip of her engorged clitoris.

'Ohmigod, ohmigod!'  Lisa began to scream as the velvety surface of Karen's
tongue slithered across and around the swollen nub.  'Oh yes, yess , yessss'
Lisa screamed as Karen managed to use her chin to push the heel deeper into
Lisa's cunt at the same time as she began to suck the swollen clit ever more
vigorously.

Karen was enjoying her task, her only regret that she couldn't get her hands,
her supple fingers, near her own soaking wet cuntal area.  The sensation of
lying helplessly trapped between two naked thighs was incredible, but she still
longed to pleasure herself as she sucked harder and harder on Lisa's clit.

'Bite it!  Bite it!'  Lisa was in ecstasy as she reached towards her
desperately needed orgasm.  'Bite it!  Suck it! Bite it!  Hurt me!  Hurt me! 
Hurt it!'  Lisa was almost sobbing as she begged for release.

Karen was only to happy to oblige her friend as she sucked harder and harder on
the clitoris, extending it between her lips, between her sharp teeth, until it
was more and more like a small, perfectly formed, cock.  Nipping the hard bud
near it's root with her teeth she gave the sensitive head a punishing rub with
her tongue, no longer velvety and more and more rasping.

'Yessssssssssssssss, yesssssssssssssssssssssssss!'  Lisa screamed helplessly,
lost in the twin sensations of the slender heel deeply probing her cunt at the
same time as her sensitive clit was being so incredibly abused.  'I'm 
cummm...cummmmmm....cumminnnnnnnnnngggggggggggggg!'



As the girls were in the very heights of mutual pleasure, a voice broke in.

'Very nice, very impressive I'm sure!'

Karen couldn't move her head, her mouth still locked on to the teat like
clitoris.  Lisa, however, turned her head and looked over her bare shoulder.

Greta was standing just inside the room, staring at the sweat streaked curves
as Lisa straddled Karen's naked body.

'Come now girls, again if you like!'  Greta laughed out loud at her own joke. 
'Get yourselves showered, you've got a date in the dungeon.  The treat I
promised you is ready and waiting.'

Lisa looked puzzled as she eased her cum streaked thighs away from Karen's
still open, questing, mouth.  'Treat, Mistress?'

'Of course, didn't your cunt sucking friend tell you, or was she too busy
eating you?'


Karen managed to ease herself up on the damp sheets and looked sheepish. 
'Sorry Mistress, I was going to surprise Li...sorry, slave Lisa, later.'

The girls scrambled to their feet and went towards the shower room.  Greta
permitted herself the pleasure of looking at the supple naked bodies, the
rounded ass cheeks, the heavy bouncing tits, the swollen darkly erect nipples. 
Just get cleaned up and come as you are.'  Greta corrected herself. 'No, Come
before you cum and just wear heels, that's all you'll need.  And, Karen, no
talking now until you have permission.  Understand?'

Karen, ever cautions when Greta gave her commands, merely nodded her head.



Swiftly showered, and wearing the highest heels they could find, Karen and Lisa
clicked their way down the corridor to the waiting Greta, who was standing in
an almost completely dark dungeon.

'Welcome to the play room, my dears.'  Greta swept her arms around the darkened
arena.  'Here is your present, just as I promised.  You can both do whatever
you like, just think of it as my little reward to my special slaves.'

Thank you Mistress Greta.', the girls chorused as Greta moved over and flicked
a couple of switches.

Lisa gasped as she saw a spotlight shine directly on a naked Andy.  Naked, that
is, apart from a strange thick plastic collar around his scrotum, pressing down
on his heavy shaven testicles.

'You like that, girls?'  Greta moved over to Andy, standing with his hands
clasped behind his head, his cock slightly swollen but still hanging over the
plastic device.  'My own little invention, cunning isn't it?  I call it my
anti-jerking lock.'

Karen ventured nearer, frowning, as Andy looked impassively ahead.  'Mistress,
may I ask how it works?'

'Of course my dear.  Here let me show you.'  Greta reached forward and
delicately held the semi erect phallus between thumb and forefinger.  'Look
what happens when I shake it.'

As Greta spoke she rubbed her grasping fingers up and down the shaft, as if she
were masturbating Andy.  She moved slowly and delicately and the erection
became more pronounced.  Pleased with the effect, Greta increased the pace of
her movements.  In the silence of the dungeon the girls could hear small
clicking sounds, coming from the plastic collar.  'Hear that?'

A chorus of 'Yes Mistress.' accompanied the fascinated looks that Karen and
Lisa fixed on Andy's now erect cock.

'Good!.  Now.  I'll let the worthless slave do it himself.'  Greta released the
hardened flesh and stared at Andy. 'You know what to do.  Do it!'

Andy blanched. 'Please, Mistress.  Please.  It hurts!'

'Of course it does, that is the whole idea.  Now do it, or I will get someone
who will do it for you.'  As she spoke Greta looked towards a still dark corner
of the dungeon.

Slowly, reluctantly, Andy unclasped his hands and gingerly fastened his right
hand around his erection.  'Mistress?'  He looked pleadingly at Greta who
merely compressed her lips and flicked her eyes across to the same darkened
corner of the room.  'Sorry Mistress, sorry.'  Andy apologised abjectly and
began to masturbate himself, holding his cock as firmly as he could.  Long
steady strokes alternately bared and covered the gleaming glans.  The slight
clicking sounds could be heard clearly in the silent room.

'Faster, faster.  Surely you of all men know how fast you like to jerk off when
you think no one is looking.'  Greta almost snarled.  'Do it, fast and hard.'

Andy swallowed, his mouth obviously dry in anticipation of some unpleasantness
in store for him.  Fixing his gaze straight ahead he began to work his fist
faster and faster. As he did so the clicking sound became louder.  Andy gasped
as if in pain.  He glanced at Greta who merely stared impassively.  He
continued his relentless pistoning strokes, the glans beginning to gleam with
the first traces of pre-cum.

'Look girls, look carefully now.'  Greta motioned the girls towards the
masturbating Andy.  'See how the collar is moving faster now.  See how it seems
to rise slowly but then drops down fast and hard as he jerks himself off for
us.'

Karen was fascinated as she looked at the familiar sight of Andy playing with
his swollen cock.  A sight she had often seen in what had become a previous
life for her.  She looked at Lisa and smiled.  'Mistress, what is happening to
him.  Have you stopped him cumming?'

'Oh no my dear, why would I wish to do that?' Greta stood up and looked and
Andy.  'Stop and resume the position.  Now?'

Looking relieved, Andy rapidly removed his fist from his throbbing cock, the
head showing small drips of pre-cum, the shaft pulsating slightly with the
strength of his arousal.

'It's very simple my dears, very simple indeed.  The collar is plastic, as you
can see, but it is hollow.  Now, even though it looks to be very light, unlike
those steel rings we fitted him with earlier.  This is much better.  This is
filled with steel balls, a lot of them and they can move easily inside there. 
They are in fact just as heavy in total as those collars but they are much more
effective.'  Greta paused and looked at Andy.  'Which would you prefer, slave,
those steel collars or my nice plastic ring?'

Andy looked nervously at Greta, not sure if his reply was the correct one. 
'The collars, Mistress, the collars.  Please may I wear them again, Please
Mistress even if I have to have another one added.'


'Of course not, where would all the fun be without a little pressure in our
lives?'  Greta laughed and looked at the girls.  'You see, if he begins to work
on his cock slowly, the weight makes it uncomfortable, but not seriously so. 
However, if he loses control and starts jerking off like a teenager, then this
little device senses it.  It's only gravity of course, but if you think of a
glass jar half full of steel balls and you shake it vigorously, after a short
time the downwards effect of the weight of the balls and gravity combined will
be enough to smash the glass.'  Greta paused and reached over to grasp, and
then shake, the collar around Andy's sore looking scrotum.  'Listen to them,
can you hear how they seem to bang down so hard?  The beauty of this is that he
can easily bear the weight on his sad little balls, but when he jerks off he
inflicts his own punishment.  Neat isn't it?'

Silently, the girls nodded and looked admiringly at Greta.

Karen cleared her throat and looked cautiously at Greta.  'Mistress, may I
ask...'

'Of c course my dear, ask away.'

'Does that mean that he cannot make himself cum any more unless you remove the
collar?'

'Oh no my dear, not at all.  I have no objection to him cumnming at all.  He
can jerk off, masturbate, whatever, as much as he likes, but if he chooses to
use his fist like an over-sexed adolescent then he has to accept, if I may say,
that there is no gain without pain.  Get him sufficiently aroused and excited
and he'll be quite prepared to risk ripping his balls off just so that he can
spurt that revolting cream all over the place.'

Lisa began to speak.

'Hush, my child, hush.  He's all yours now.  I told you there was a treat for
you both and as you're the youngest you can go first.   Karen can wait for her
pleasures, I'm sure she won't mind just watching you torment your own male
slave.'

Lisa nodded eagerly.  'You mean... you mean that I can try and make him cum
however I like?'  She  licked her lips in anticipation of secret pleasures.

Of course my dear, of course, but you may find he will try and resist you.'
Greta smirked. 'Of course, I guess you'd just love that?'

'Yes Mistress.'

'Good.  Now, just so you know you have an audience, lets have some more light
in here.'  Greta flicked some more switches and the far corner of the dungeon
was illuminated.  Standing either side of a wide thick rubber mattress were the
other two male slaves, Ken and Peter, both naked, both semi-erect and both with
their hands in the present position.

'Karen, my dear, they are yours.  Use them as you like.'  Greta paused and
wagged her finger in Karen's beaming face.  'After, my dear, after, Lisa has
finished her little challenge.'

'Thank you Mistress, thank you.' Karen was radiant as she stared at the naked,
gleaming bodies, at the semi-erect cocks that almost imperceptibly twitched as
she stared at them.  'May I...'

'Of course, go and make their acquaintance now and enjoy the show.  Greta
looked at the abject Andy and then at the gleaming nakedness of Ken, his large
cock growing ever thicker, before she walked over to Peter and casually hefted
his thick veined black cock in her hand.  'They're all yours.  I shall go and
leave you two girls in charge.  Just remember that these are merely male slaves
and for now they are all yours.  Do whatever you like as much as you like!'

With one last, lustful, look at the pair of thick full mushroom headed cocks
standing across the floor, she spoke Quietly, almost whispering.

'Remember, girls, you can use anything and everything you like to help you in
your little games.  These wretches will obey you without question.  Of course,
if they do not, just draw their attention to my little collection over there.' 
 Greta swept her hand casually at the collection of canes, straps belts and
assorted whips neatly hanging on the wall, tuned on her heel and left the
dungeon, locking the door behind her.





End of Part 53


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then feel free to keep a copy and re-read it as
often as you like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know if you have
any, and I do mean ANY, ideas for improving the tale.  To those who write to me
already, thank you for your comments and thank you for your patience.

If you didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.

If you wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but
remember to credit me as the author. 




The Adventures of Karen - Part 54 - Refreshed and Ready - 2



For a few moments the dungeon was silent.  Totally still.  Totally silent.

Then Karen, who had kept herself in check, could no longer resist herself.  
She moved quickly towards the two naked men, admiring the heaviness of their
semi-hard cocks, admiring the thickness, admiring the pronounced smooth heads
on each as they slowly pulsed as the men became of the intensity of her stare.

Seating herself comfortably on the mattress she motioned to the male slaves to
kneel besides her.

'No, kneel upright, if you please, one either side of me.'  Karen gave her
instructions in a firm voice. 'You may link your arms behind me so that I can
lean comfortably.'  She smiled and glanced briefly at each rapidly hardening
cock.

Lisa watched admiringly as she saw how Karen had so easily taken control of the
two naked males.  Perhaps it was the threat of the whip, the cane, the strap,
but, for whatever reason, both men seemed to positively enjoy the experience of
being commanded by the naked Karen.  Perhaps, Lisa thought, it was simply
because, like so many men, they enjoyed being in the power of an undeniably
attractive, erotic, female.

Andy was waiting miserably as his rapidly deflating cock hung limply over the
tormenting collar.

'Come my dear, come over here where we can all see each other properly.' Karen
waved her hand casually at Andy.  'Bring him too, of course, he's going to
entertain us first, before I allow myself a little pleasure.'  As she spoke
Karen reached both hands upwards and grasped the two, now hard, cocks.

'Come with me!'  Lisa grasped Andy's ear and almost dragged him towards the
tableau awaiting her.  'Now, it's your turn to kneel in front of me, just about
there, I think.'  She made herself comfortable on the edge of the mattress and
pointed to a position about three feet in front of her.  'Kneel with your legs
wide and your back straight.  Now!'

Andy gently lowered himself to the hard and unyielding floor and settled
himself in position as he looked enquiringly at Lisa and then Karen.

'Oh no, no, no!' Karen spoke sharply for the first time since she had entered
the dungeon.  'You only look at her, at your Mistress, at Mistress Lisa. As far
as you are concerned ,she owns you, all of you.'

'Yes Mistress Karen, yes.  Please accept my apologies Mistress Lisa.' Andy
bowed his head.  'I know that I now belong to you, I know that it is a
privilege to serve your every wish, Mistress.'

Lisa smirked at this abject submission.  'Now, here's what is going to happen. 
You will start playing with your cock and you will continue to do so until I
tell you to stop.'  Lisa paused, looked over her shoulder at Karen and winked. 
'You will continue to masturbate until tell you to stop. You will not, let me
repeat that, you will not, permit yourself to cum until, and unless, I and I
alone give you permission.'  She stared at Andy.  'Do you understand?'

'Yes Mistress.'  Andy lowered his gaze to Lisa's smoothly rounded breasts, her
rapidly hardening nipples.  'Mistress, am I permitted to look at your
...your...'

Lisa clapped her hands in irritation.  'Yes. I not only give you permission to
look at my body, I am ordering you to do so.  You will feast your eyes on every
inch of my body while you play with your wretched cock.  Just imagine that I
might just give you permission to touch me, perhaps even allow your ...thing to
enter me.' Lisa paused dramatically.  'I might!  There again, I might not!'

Andy hesitated. 'May I begin, Mistress?'

Lisa merely nodded and sprawled back on the mattress, and, supporting herself
with her elbows, spread her legs wide.  Spread them wide and gave Andy a view
of her smooth pink labia, already showing signs of moisture.

He began to hold his cock gingerly in one hand and rub it with the other.

Karen frowned as she saw what he was doing.  'Lisa my dear, permit me to offer
a little advice here.  I don't think he should be permitted to use both hands,
he might be depriving himself of the real pleasures of the collar after all.'

'Of course, of course.' Lisa stood up, and, crossing over to the far side of
the dungeon, ordered 'Leave that cock alone until I tell you to touch it
again!'

She searched among the collection of straps and chains, cuffs and clamps, until
she found what she needed.  She walked behind Andy and ordered him to put his
hands behind his back.  Bending over she swiftly attached broad leather cuffs
to each wrist and then connected then with a short length of chain.   'OK, job
done!'  She resumed her spread position and nodded her head at Andy.  'Begin!'

Once more he began to gingerly stroke his cock as he looked between Lisa's legs
at her obviously aroused, puffy labia.  Almost without thinking he tried to
bring his other hand to his cock.

'Aha!  Gotcha!'  Lisa smiled happily and turned to Karen.  'See, with that
chain he can use one hand or the other, but never both. Neat, eh?'

Andy continued stroking his cock, a cock beginning to erect into full hardness.
 Staring at Lisa's openly displayed body his eyes flicked over the naked flesh
as his steady masturbation continued.

'What are you doing, what are you looking at?' Lisa demanded.

'Mistress, it's just that... you told me to look at you while I...'
'Of course, and you will look, and enjoy.  Even better, I order you, not ask, I
order you to look at my lovely naked', Lisa ran her hands sensuously across her
nipples and down towards her pubic mound, 'body, and tell me, tell us, exactly
what you're looking at.  Understand?'

Andy mumbled 'Yes Mistress I'm looking at your... your vagina.'

Lisa sighed loudly in exasperation. 'You fool, you utter fool.  No more of
this, we want to know exactly how your pitiful male mind works.  Now do it
properly!'

'Mistress, please mistress, I'm looking at your cunt, your lovely smooth wet
cunt.  It looks so nice, so tempting.  You have such a superb smooth cunt.' 
Andy continued as he gripped his erection firmly between thumb and forefinger
and increased his tempo.  'Mistress, I'm looking at your big hard nipples,
those lovely big hard long nipples, those lovely big firm tits.'  He gasped as
he began to stroke his cock faster.

Lisa got up and walked over to him as he continued to masturbate.  She bent
over and inspected the swollen smooth fleshed head of his cock.  'I do believe
there are signs of some male excitement there, look at those nasty sticky
juices oozing out of the end of your cock.'

'Yes Mistress, sorry Mistress.'  Andy apologised as he stared at Lisa's naked
thighs and ass as she paraded in front of him.  'Mistress, I'm looking at your
nice firm ass, you legs, your bare legs.'  Now his masturbation was more
frantic, his grip with finger and thumb more intense as his hand moved up and
down his shaft.

Lisa walked around Andy, her spike heels clicking erotically on the hard floor.
 She walked in front of him and towards the mattress.  She stood there and saw
Andy drop his gaze.

'Ah, now we know. You are looking at my feet aren't you, my bare feet, my
shoes?'  Lisa voice was a little husky with her own arousal, an arousal brought
by being in such complete control of a masturbating and helpless male.

'Go on, look at them then, have a look at my tits and my cunt, but concentrate
on my feet.'  She paused and bent towards Andy.  'Don't stop, and don't cum, or
you will surely regret it!'

Andy was stared wide eyed at the closeness of Lisa's naked legs Staring at the
ground. Staring at her feet. Staring at her shoes.  Even as he stared it was
obvious to the silent watchers in the dungeon that he was becoming ever more
aroused, ever more excited.  Carefully he released his erection and then
gripped his cock with his whole hand, almost enclosing it in his fist.

'That's a good slave, you know you want to!'  Lisa smiled happily.  She knew
that she had now got him to a state where the risk of pain to his dangling
balls was far outweighed by the intense waves of pleasure that he was feeling
as he masturbated.  Masturbated in front of an audience.

Lisa moved closer and began to speak quietly.  'Go on, don't stop. Look at my
bare feet, look at my bare toes.  Keep on rubbing your useless cock, just look
at me, look at my spike heels.'  Andy was beginning to masturbate with longer
and faster strokes of his tightly clenched fist, the pre-cum oozing liberally
from the swollen smooth head of his cock.  'Look at my feet.  Look at the
heels, you know you would love to lick them and suck them. Look at the shoes!
Smooth, bare, feet. Spike heels covered in soft leather!  You know you would
love to...'

'How dare you!'  Lisa stepped back as Andy lost control and began spurting
thick globs of cum across the floor and over Lisa' sandal shod feet.   'How
dare you?  Get your hands off that repulsive cock now and lick that... that
stuff off my feet, off my toes.  Now!'

Lisa stood and savored the pleasure of a male licking her bare toes, her bare
feet as his tongue probed between her toes searching out every last drop of his
spending.  She was aware that Andy had enjoyed his pleasure, had enjoyed making
himself cum despite the incredible sensations that the wickedly fitting collar
had inflicted on his defenceless balls.

Just as she wanted.  A male fully and totally humiliated.  Doing exactly what
she wanted, how she wanted, when she wanted.  She smiled across at Karen who
was gently stroking the two throbbing erections.  'Well, he was rather naughty
you know.  I'm afraid we'll have to beat him for that.' She paused and looked
down at Andy's bobbing head as he fervently licked between her toes, between
the sole of her bare foot and the leather of the shoes.  'But, my dear, why
don't we let him wait for the pain, the punishment.  Please my dear sweet
Karen, why don't you have your fun now while I watch.'



'Thank you so much, I think I'm just about ready to partake of a little', she
laughed as she took a firmer grasp on the two cocks, 'pleasure right about
now!'

Lisa held her hand up, 'My sweetest one, may we just give our pet here', she
patted Andy's head. 'A little lesson first? A simple but important lesson.'

'Of course, of course.'

'Stand up slave and look at Mistress Karen, and then look at exactly what she
is holding.'

Andy stood up and looked at the once so-familiar contours of Karen's smooth
naked body before his gaze focussed on the two large erections that she was so
firmly grasping.

'Well', Lisa spoke sharply, what have you got to tell us?'

Andy blushed and looked embarrassed as, once again, he held his limp cock
between thumb and forefinger.  'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is
thicker than mine!  Ken's cock is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better
than mine!'  He gripped his small cock more firmly.

'And again!'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

'Now, what about your other friend?  Has he offended you in some way?'

'No Mistress Lisa.  Sorry Mistress Lisa.' Andy fixed his gaze on the thick
black cock that Karen slowly released from her grasp.

'Peters cock is longer than mine!  Peter's cock is thicker than mine!  Peter's
cock is bigger than mine!  Peter's cock fucks better than mine!'  As he spoke
Andy grasped his own cock and stared at the heavily veined phallus in front of
him.  'Mistress, Mistress, please may I be permitted... permitted to... can I
suck Master Peters superb black cock?'

'Why?'

'Because, because...  Peters cock is so much longer than mine!  Peter's cock is
so much thicker than mine!  Peter's cock is so much bigger than mine!  Peter's
cock fucks so much better than mine!

Karen stood up and tugged Andy's hair as she pulled his head downwards.  'Yes,
my slave, suck it, if you can even get the head in your mouth, suck it and lick
it so that it is nice and wet before it slips into me, into my waiting cunt!'

Andy eagerly bent his head to his task and probed his tongue towards the dark
engorged head.  Tried desperately to force his lips around the rigid rim, tried
to lick the length of the gleaming black shaft.

'Enough!  I want that to myself!  Take him away Lisa, he can watch from over
there. Look but not touch!' Karen was tired of waiting for the special pleasure
that she had planned for herself.

Lisa pushed Andy away and settled herself on the side of the thick resilient
mattress as Karen pulled the two naked men down to lie besides her.

'I don't think you two need much help here, do you?  You both look pretty good
and ready to fuck me.'  Karen was enjoying herself in the position of leading
rather following, and the effect served only to intensify her own arousal.

Lisa stared as Karen pushed Peter down on his back before she straddled him,
holding his massively erect cock with the broad flanged rim just an inch or so
below her pouting, engorged, labia.

'Ohmigod, ohmigod!' Karen  panted as she grasped Peter's cock and slowly rubbed
the smooth skinned glans across her erect clitoris.  A clitoris that was itself
fully engorged, fully exposed from its delicate sheath.  'Ohmigod!'

Peter tried thrust himself upwards toward the waiting cunt, but Karen pushed
him down with her free hand on his chest.  'No, no, no!  Lie there and let me
sit on your cock, let me slide slowly', as she spoke Karen put actions to
words, 'slowly, slowly down your cock.'

Peter lay there watching the thick flesh slowly disappear deeper and deeper
inside Karen's wet and heavily lubricated cunt.  'Now, now you can push, hard!'
 Karen commanded him.  'Harder, harder, deeper, deeper!'

Lisa watched in fascination as Karen's heavy, hard nippled breasts bounced in
time with each thrust of Peters thick cock.

'Stop, stop now!'  Karen commanded, before she knelt forward so that her hard
nipples gently grazed Peters chest. 'Ken, move behind me please and kneel
down.'

Lisa watched in awe as Ken walked and knelt behind Karen.  She wondered if she
wanted to explore the dubious pleasures of anal sex, but she could not bring
herself to ask the question.

Karen looked over her shoulder, causing one nipple to leave contact with Peters
sweat streaked chest. ' Hold your cock in your hand and guide it carefully,
very carefully.'  Karen eased forward as Lisa wondered if she dare get up and
walk around the naked trio to see exactly what Ken was doing.

Karen, sensing Lisa's curiosity, spoke quietly. 'Lisa you stay there and look
at my face, look carefully as Ken does what I tell him.'  Lisa nodded and
stared at Karen.  'Ken, are you ready for me now?'

'Yes mistress.'  Ken answered in a voice husky with arousal.  He was unsure of
exactly what he was going to be asked to perform, but knew that, whatever it
was, he would do it to the best of his ability.

'Good!  Good!  No hold your cock and guide it into my cunt alongside Peter's
cock.  I'm sure I'm more than wet enough for both of you!'

Lisa gasped as she realised what Karen intended.  The thought of two thick hard
cocks inside one cunt had never really occurred to her before, but suddenly it
seemed a particularly attractive idea.  Just how much would Karen's cunt
stretch to accommodate the fleshy invasion?  To Lisa it seemed to be well worth
the experiment, because, like so many women she had never really found a good
reason to explain the male fascination with anal sex.  The true seat of womanly
pleasure must surely lay somewhere in the depths of her cunt.  Lisa wondered as
she saw Ken ease forward.

'Steady, steady!' Karen kept looking at Lisa as she guided Ken'  Slowly, yes
yes, yes.  That's it, that's it!  That is it!'  Karen almost yelled with
excitement as Ken's thick cock slowly slid inside the depths of her cunt so
that it lay snugly against Peters erection.

Lisa almost clapped with joy as she realised that Karen was now fully stretched
by the two cocks deep inside her.  Deep inside her dripping cunt!

'Now, you two must take turns, first Peter can thrust and then Ken.  Just like
that until you make me cum and cum.'  Karen stared hard at Lisa. 'I want them
to keep fucking me like that until they have drained themselves. I don't want
them to stop for anything until then!'

Lisa nodded dumbly as he saw Peter ease his cock deeper into Karen and then out
slightly. Stared as she saw Ken take his turn at thrusting.  Both men took a
little time to get their actions synchronized but it seemed like only  a dozen
or so strokes before the thick, and now slickly gleaming, cocks were pistoning
in and out of Karen's widely stretched cunt at an almost frantic rate. 

'Ohmigod, ohmigod!'  Karen was screaming in ecstasy as the twin assault on her
well stretched cunt continued.  Because of the way the two cocks were inside
her she could not feel the familiar pulsing along the thick underside of either
cock, the pulsing that indicates that an ejaculation is about to erupt. For the
men it was different.  Their cocks were rubbing each other in such a way that
both were aware of the beginning of pulsing throbbing movements in the others
cock.

'Cummmmmmmmmmmmmm, cummmmmmmmmmmmm, ohmigod make me cum now now noowwwwwwww!'

Almost as one, finally, the two men managed to erupt and shoot their thick
cream deep into the very depths of Karen's stretched and tormented cunt.

Slowly, as their cocks began to subside after their orgasms, both cocks
withdrew from the liquid depths.

'Ohmigod, Lisa, that was wonderful, wonderful!'

Lisa could only nod in agreement.

'Honestly, that was the most incredible sensation, incredible!!' Karen lay
panting.



Away from the dungeon, in her control room, Greta looked reluctantly away from
the monitor screen.  Away from the close up's of the sweating group, and spoke
to Agnes.

'Little does she know, my dear, little does she know!'

Agnes remained silent, anticipating yet more pleasures that she would enjoy
using the slaves, pleasures that she knew would be incredible too!

Greta looked again at Agnes and thought to herself 'Little does she know!'





End of Part 54


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then feel free to keep a copy and re-read it as
often as you like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know if you have
any, and I do mean ANY, ideas for improving the tale.  To those who write to me
already, thank you for your comments and thank you for your patience.

If you didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.

If you wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but
remember to credit me as the author. 




The Adventures of Karen - Part 55 - Retribution



As they watched the still panting Karen relax, as they saw the exhausted slaves
slowly move away from her with their now flaccid cocks still shining with the
combination of Karen's copious juices and their own spendings, Greta looked at
Agnes.

'Well, my dear, did you like that little exhibition?'

Agnes paused and thought carefully before answering.  'Well, my dear friend, if
I may be permitted to offer a criticism.'  She paused and looked at Greta
cautiously. Seeing her nod, she continued. 'Well, we didn't see the wretched
Andy get beaten for his error in cumming so messily.  Slave Lisa should have
made sure he suffered a little...' Agnes smiled thinly, '...pain.  Perhaps she
should be taught the ways of a true dominant as far as that was concerned.' 
She paused again and looked questioningly at Greta.

'True enough, my dear, true enough.  I do believe Lisa has much to learn in
handling the male.  We must make sure that she learns that particular lesson as
soon as we can.'  Greta laughed.  'In any case, regardless of what Lisa did or
did not do, we can always punish him ourselves!'

Agnes beamed, 'Perhaps I could ...'

'Patience, patience.  Now, what about slave Karen?  Should she be praised or
punished for her little cunt stretching pleasures?'

At this question, Agnes' face became animated, her eyes lighting with
anticipated pleasure.  'Yes, yes, she should, no she must, be punished for
taking so much pleasure.  Pleasure for her sake and not for ours.  Perhaps you
would allow me to deal with her, with them all and, with the greatest of
respect to you, my dear Greta, show exactly how they should be treated.

Greta thought carefully before answering.  This was perhaps the perfect
opportunity to give Agnes the freedom to use the slaves however she wished, the
freedom to perhaps behave in excess of the standards expected in the dungeon. 
The opportunity that would be needed before she could herself be enslaved. 
Yes!  This was the time for her plan to be enacted.  'Yes, dear Agnes, you are
correct, of course.  Please show me, show them in fact, how they should be
controlled.  I'm sure that you will be careful not to abuse my trust.'    Greta
was sure of the opposite in fact.  She knew that Agnes was bound to forget
herself at some stage.  Time would tell.

'Thank you, thank you so much!' Agnes smiled, happy in the belief that the
friendship with Greta had returned to it's former state.  'Allow me to go down
there now and begin.'

Greta nodded and settled back in her chair.



As Karen lay back, her eyes closed and her pulse slowly returning to normal,
she became aware that someone was standing over her.  Opening her eyes she saw,
with some surprise, that Agnes was staring down at her.  Struggling to sit
upright, Karen mumbled her apologies.

'No. stay there and keep quiet!' Agnes looked around the dungeon, thinking of
the changes she would like to introduce.  Fixing her glare on the hapless Andy
she snapped 'Get out, go back to your cell. You will be punished, beaten, later
for disobeying your young Mistress.'

'Yes, Miss Agnes, thank you.'  Andy moved slowly down the corridor his head
bowed, as Agnes turned her attention to Lisa.

'You, my dear little slut, have made a serious mistake!'

Lisa trembled and looked cautiously at Agnes.  'Mistress, how have I offended
you?'  She was aware that whatever she did Agnes was unlikely to be happy.

'When you threaten, when you promise, punishment, you must always make sure it
is applied swiftly and effectively. You let the stupid Andy defile your flesh
with his seed and then you failed to punish him.  Never mind, I will take care,
good care, of him later, but you will have to learn a lesson too.'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.'

Happy with the effect of her words, Agnes turned back to Karen.  'You, my dear
will be punished of course for enjoying yourself too much'.

'But, but...'  Karen tried to protest that she had been given permission by
Greta but Agnes gave her no chance to explain.

'Do not argue, just do as you are told, now!'  Agnes stood with her hands on
her hips as she looked across at Ken and Peter standing meekly in the corner. 
'You two, come over here!'

Quickly the two slaves padded towards Agnes.

'Take this slut across there, ' she motioned towards the middle of the floor, '
and chain her stretched wide to the floor.

Karen stood up reluctantly realising that she could not, dare not, resist.  She
walked over to the center of the room and lay down with her arms and legs
outstretched.

'Well done, that's avoided any unpleasantness.' Agnes reluctantly admitted. 
'At least, for the time being!!'

The two males stood expectantly awaiting more detailed instructions.

Agnes wasted no time in issuing her orders and then watched carefully as the
men stood on either side of the naked outstretched Karen and fastened broad,
close fitting leather cuffs to her wrists and ankles.  Satisfied that the cuffs
were tight enough to be uncomfortable without being actually painful they then
attached thin chains to each cuff before clipping the other ends to some
convenient rings set in the floor.

Agnes looked at their handiwork.  'Good, good!   Now, you see my dear, I've
been kind enough to allow you some quite adequate freedom of movement.  More
than you deserve but enough to allow you to struggle in a most pleasing way
when your punishment begins.'

'Punishment?' Karen felt brave enough to ask a question.

'Silence!  You will find out soon enough.  You two, complete your task
quickly.'

The males walked over towards the now trembling Lisa.  They brought her over to
stand just beyond Karen's head.  Reaching up they lowered a pair of the hanging
chains from the ceiling and swiftly cuffed them to Lisa's wrists.  Bending
down, Ken then cuffed her ankles to the wide spreader bar that Peter had
fetched from the store place against the far wall.  Satisfied that her legs
were held immovably wide, and that the wrist cuffs were correctly positioned
they looked at Agnes.

'Good, good!  You may hoist her about three feet I think, that should be enough
for my purposes and her slut friend can have a good view as well.'

Swiftly Lisa was hoisted into the air, her full weight hanging from her wrists
as her outstretched legs left her still moist labia exposed, left her clitoris
just poking out between the smooth folds of flesh.



'Now!' Agnes spoke to everyone in the dungeon, conscious that Greta was
observing the proceedings via one of the numerous cameras fitted around the
room.  'This is what is going to happen.  You two males have the necessary
powers of recovery, I am quite certain, so you will be needed for a long time
here.  Slave Karen seems to like being fucked by your rather average cocks so
she will have some more of the same.' Agnes found it hard to hide her distaste
when talking about those two cocks.  Certainly, she was well aware that they
were above average but her dislike of men made her try to belittle them at
every opportunity.  She did allow her husband some occasional privileges but
her true pleasures were gained in a more personal manner.  The thought of
having to take even a fraction of the vigoros fucking that she had seen Karen
endure, enjoy even, made her feel quite queasy.

'You, slave Karen, are going to be fucked, not by two cocks together but by one
after another, until I tell them to stop.  The fact that have recently emptied
themselves into your rather capacious cunt is in their favor. They will last a
long time.  Of course,' Agnes looked at the males, 'you two may take in turn as
you wish.  All that you have to do is make sure that one of you is always deep
inside Karen-slut and pounding as hard as you can.  You must make every effort
not to cum, otherwise you will be punished, but, at the same time you have to
try and make the slut cum and keep cumming.  Even,' and Agnes grinned
maliciously at Karen, 'even if she begs you to stop.'

Karen gasped as she heard Agnes give her instructions.  The thought of more
fucking was in itself not worrying, but the thought of the continuous pounding
from such thick long cocks was a matter of concern, especially as they were
going to try and make her cum despite her will.  Even for her, she thought,
there had to be a limit.  What exactly Agnes intended was unclear but Karen's
mind raced through all sorts of possibilities.

'Do you think you can cope with that, slave Karen?'

'Y-y-yes, I think so Mistress.'  Karen was deliberately cautious, knowing that
Agnes liked to see fear and humility in her slaves.

'Good. But that is not all, of course.  You can see that  Indeed, as you can
see if you try, you can move quite freely, up to a point.  Try it for us now
and let us all see what you can do.'

Karen carefully moved her legs and arms and found that while she couldn't close
her legs, a fact which did not surprise her, she could bring them fairly close
together.  As for her arms she could almost lower her hands to her shoulders.

'You see, ample freedom of movement!  Now, there is of course a reason for my
kindness.  While these two super-studs,' Agnes couldn't avoid sarcasm creeping
into her voice, 'are fucking you I want you try to get away from them.  I want
you to struggle.  In fact I'm ordering you to struggle as hard as you can. Just
imagine they are raping you .  Imagine that you can get away from them.  Do you
think that you can do that?'.

'Yes, I think I can Mistress. I can try to please you.'

'Ah, but there is more.  You won't just try.  You will do as I say.  If you
don't then there is a way I can help you.  Just look at your little friend
hanging there, all naked and open above you.   You must realise that I didn't
put her there for decoration.  No indeed!  She is there to encourage you.' 
Agnes smiled and walked across to Lisa, before she went over to one of the
benches of equipment.

For a few brief moments there was silence in the dungeon as Agnes selected a
couple of items.

'No, she will help you because, my dear, it is very simple.  If you do not
please me it will be Lisa who is punished.  Punished with one of these.'  As
she spoke Agnes brandished a short leather strap about eighteen inches long and
around two inches wide.  In her other hand she held a short handled whip with
numerous strands of thin leather.  Strands around twelve inches in length.  '
You see, nothing to worry about.  They can't really hurt, I'm sure.  Let's just
see, shall we?'

Stepping away from Lisa she flicked the whip across Lisa's bare breasts, across
the swollen dark nipples.  Lisa screamed as the sharp pain coursed through the
sensitive flesh.

'Silence, that was nothing!'

Changing her position Agnes then flicked the strap up between Lisa's
outstretched legs, hitting her squarely on the sensitive labia, on the
protruding clitoris.  Lisa screamed again, long and loud.  

'Silence I tell you!'

Lisa hung helplessly, tears forming in her eyes as she looked piteously down at
Karen.

'Now, we all understand each other I'm sure.  Put on a good show as you get
fucked, and your friend will be free of pain.  Disappoint me and she will be
whipped. I'm sure her pitiful screams will help you perform properly.'

Staring at the males, Agnes gave her final orders.  'Start fucking the slut!'



In the control room Greta watched closely.  She liked the scenario that Agnes
had set up.  The idea of forcing Karen to perform was certainly an entertaining
one, but the infliction of unnecessary pain on Lisa was another matter.  She
watched carefully, aware that Agnes could easily lose control.



Slowly, Peter moved over Karen, his thick cock already hard and swollen in
anticipation of repeating the fucking.  He knelt down and slowly thrust himself
into Karen's wet channel.  Aware that she was expected to perform for Agnes'
pleasure Karen began to wriggle and move her legs.  Peter, using his superior
strength, easily forced his thick cock deep into Karen and pinned her down
making any significant movement almost impossible. He held her shoulders down
and began pounding hard into Karen, the contrast between her white thighs,
reddened labia and his gleaming black cock stimulating even Lisa, hanging
helpless and aware that she might momentarily be whipped.

As he held Karen and pounded relentlessly Agnes was not amused.  There was not
enough struggling for her taste. She took a firm grip on the whip and began
hitting Lisa's exposed, already slightly reddened, breasts.

Lisa began to scream and Agnes soundlessly continued her whipping.  'Oh god oh
god. Karen, do something, do something, it hurts, it hurts so much.'

Karen staring at the poor helpless naked body above her did her best to
struggle, causing Agnes to pause briefly.  As she continued struggling as best
she could, Agnes laughed loudly.

'Pitiful, pitiful, you can do better than that.  He's only fucking you for
heavens sake, now try and get him to stop.'

As she spoke Peter began to pound even more vigorosly into Karen, his slick
length alternately appearing and disappearing as the sound of his heavy balls
slapping across Karen's bare flesh echoed around the room.

Agnes smiled grimly and picked up the strap.  'Now start performing, now!'  As
she spoke she began striking Lisa squarely across her moist tender labia as
hard as she could.

'Nooooooooooooo, noooooooooooooo, pleasssssssssseee.  Karen help me please,
she's hurting me so much, pleassssseeeee!'

Agnes continued whipping the unprotected labia as Peter continued his pounding,
as Ken stood waiting his turn, gently stroking his own erection in anticipation
of pleasure to come.



In the control room Greta decided that she had given Agnes her chance.  Her
last chance.  She got up and walked down the corridor to the dungeon.



Flinging the door open she was greeted by Lisa's sobbing as the leather strap
and the thonged whip alternately stroked her tormented flesh.

She looked across as Peter withdrew his throbbing cock, almost ready to cum,
withdrew to give Ken his chance at the gaping wet cunt.

'Stop!  Stop at once!'  Greta shouted at Agnes.  'That is enough.  You two, get
away from Karen and come here, at once.  Agnes, I warn you, stop whipping my
slave now!'

As Agnes unwillingly moved away from Lisa's striped flesh Greta whispered some
instructions to the two males.  Incongruously, even after the dramatic
interruption they were both fully erect.

'Now, Agnes, that is too much, too much.  You two, you know what to do.  Do
it!'

Greta watched with a grim smile as the two naked males moved towards Agnes.






End of Part 55


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then feel free to keep a copy and re-read it as
often as you like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know if you have
any, and I do mean ANY, ideas for improving the tale.  To those who write to me
already, thank you for your comments and thank you for your patience.

If you didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.

If you wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but
remember to credit me as the author. 




The Adventures of Karen - Part 56 - Education  1



Agnes looked confused at the sudden intervention.  She was quite convinced that
she had done nothing wrong, but, looking at the two naked males approaching her
she began to have doubts.

'Just hold her there until I tell you to proceed.'  Greta called across as she
went towards the two naked and bound slaves, still confused at the change in
the atmosphere. Greta had always had an impressive presence but this time it
seemed that she was dominating the whole room, dominating everyone within view,
just by her presence: words and actions seemed almost superfluous.

'Now, slave Lisa', Greta spoke gently to the sobbing girl as she carefully
stroked the reddened breasts before cupping her abused labia, 'there, that is
better.  I'm sorry for that, it wasn't my intention for that to happen.'  As
she spoke she began lowering Lisa to the ground.   Letting her lie there,
wrists cuffed and legs still held wide by the spreader bar, Greta approached
Karen who was doing her best to see what was going on, an effort from such a
low viewpoint, but she had seen enough to make her realise that something
dramatic was about to happen.

Moving around Karen, Greta quickly unstrapped her restraints before she moved
over to the wondering Agnes.  Looking over her should she called to Karen. 
'Slave Karen, you may attend to slave Lisa and comfort her as you wish.  Once
you are ready you may come over here and observe what will happen.' Greta
sniggered.  'I suspect that you will find it quite an education. Quite an
education indeed!'

Tapping the waiting Ken on his shoulder, she murmured 'Proceed and strip her!'

'No, no no!'  Agnes almost screamed her objections.  'What have I done to
deserve this?  Please, Greta, you are my friend, how could you allow these,
these males to even touch me without my permission?'

'Wait!'  Greta held her hand up.  'Allow me to explain, my friend, or rather,
my former friend.  You have gone too far this time, too far after I clearly
told you to be careful.'

'But, but...'

'Silence!  Listen.  I told you to be careful, I reminded you that you were my
guest and you, of all people, should know that I have strict rules as far as my
slaves are concerned.  Strict rules!'  Greta was determined now to make Agnes
realise just how far she had transgressed.  'You know, you know that I do not
permit the infliction of excessive pain.  You know that I do not permit any
injury to my males or females that my cause blood to flow.'

'But...'

'Silence, I have not finished.  Listen to me very carefully, and be sure that,
in the end you will truly appreciate my words.  You were beating that poor girl
without any idea of the damage you could have caused.  I can just about accept
the amount of whipping her breasts endured, painful of course, but perhaps that
pain would have lead to pleasure soon enough.'  Greta paused and looking across
at the two girls who were sat to one side, observed that Karen was gently
caressing Lisa's whip striped breasts.  'Yes indeed, pain can lead to pleasure,
as you can see.'

Greta paused and walked around to the other side so that she could have a
clearer view of both Agnes and the two slaves holding and comforting each
other.

'But, but, what about the cunt whipping?  That really was just too much.  You
know full well just how damaging a leather strap could be, especially over such
sensitive areas as her clit or her inner labia.  There again, perhaps you
don't.  I wonder if we should allow her to whip your cunt until you scream and
beg.  Hmmmmmmm, I wonder.'

'Oh, no, please no dear fiend. I can only say how sorry I am to have done that.
 Let me beg her to forgive me, please.  Just don't whip my c-cunt.  Please'

'You may be sure that you will be begging her soon enough!'  Greta almost
snarled as she leaned towards the hapless Agnes.  'After I've finished with
you, you will be begging for anything and everything.'  Turning to the waiting
males, she snapped 'Strip her, strip her naked and make sure she does not find
that an enjoyable experience.'

'No-o-oooooo!'

Agnes began to struggle as, taking one side each, the naked males began to
remove her clothes, began to pull and tug them off, tearing them in the
process.  Slowly, despite her struggles, Agnes was becoming stripped, her heavy
swaying breasts hanging bare for all to see.

Greta smiled and offered the thought, 'My, look at those two lovely cocks.  See
how hard they are!  I really do believe that they are enjoying stripping you. 
Why don't you struggle harder and give them some more pleasure.  Why, if you
struggle hard enough I might even allow them to fuck you.'  She laughed and
looked at Karen.  'After all, that is exactly what she wanted for you.'

'Oh, no please dear dear Greta, don't let them fuck me, don't let them rape me,
you know...'  Agnes' voice faded as she realised that she had almost revealed
too much about herself.  Hoping to avoid provoking either Greta or the two,
rampant, males any further she stood meekly as the last remnant of her clothing
was stripped form her.

'Good!  Now let's see her stand there in all her glory.'  Greta moved across
and stood in front of the quivering victim.  'My, oh my, look at those
wonderfully heavy tits, how they hang so heavily.  I'm sure that we could have
lot's of pleasure with them!'  Greta paused as Agnes gasped at the thought. 
'Oh, don't you want us to touch your tits then?'  As she spoke she raised her
right hand and delivered a resounding slap to Agnes' left breast, making it
sway  heavily until it collided with the right breast.  Looking at the effect,
Greta slapped the right breast, then the left breast.  'Look everyone, see how
those lovely tits react to a little firm handling!  Bouncing and swaying like
that!   I suspect she might like that.  Perhaps I'll let these boys take over
for...'

'Nooooooooooooo!  Ohmigod, no, I beg you.' Agnes interrupted, fearful of being
hit again.  'Do your worst, but please don't hit my tits, I beg you.'

'Ah, well, I suppose that I can wait for that pleasure.  After all, who knows,
you might beg for that yet.'

Agnes looked relieved.

'But, there again, before we proceed perhaps we'll let the victim of your
lashing have a little revenge.  Slave Lisa, come over here, now!'

'Yes Mistress!' Lisa moved and stood besides her Mistress.  'What have I done
to offend you?'

'Nothing.  Nothing at all my dear.  I think that you should be permitted to
have a little, shall we say, revenge, on this wretched woman for the pain she
has inflicted on you.'

'But, perhaps after all, it wasn't too bad.'

'Nonsense, we all saw you screaming and crying.  All I want you to do is to
give her,'  Greta waved her hand dismissively, 'tits a little punishment.  You
can see how nicely they bounce at the touch of the hand.  Now you can give her
some of her own treatment.'

Lisa walked nervously in front of Agnes who stared defiantly at her.  She
raised her hand and gave Agnes' left breast a gentle slap.

'How foolish are you?'  Greta stormed, 'I told you to give her tits some
punishment.  Now, hit them harder, make them bounce and keep on hitting until I
tell you to stop!'

Frightened of offending Greta, and overcoming her reluctance to hit those heavy
breasts, Lisa, avoiding Agnes malevolent stare, raised her hand and began
hitting each breast in turn, making them sway and bounce against each other. 
After a dozen or so slaps Lisa began to feel a little pleasure at the chance to
inflict revenge for her earlier pain.  Even though slapping a naked breast with
a bare hand was undoubtedly unpleasant, she thought, it was nowhere near as
painful as being whipped.

'Stop!'  Greta interrupted Lisa as she began to hit harder.  'There, you see, I
told you you would enjoy your revenge.'

'Yes, thank you Mistress.'  Lisa bowed her head respectfully.

Turning to Agnes, Greta questioned ' Did you enjoy that that?'

'No!'  Agnes spoke in a loud and defiant tone before she appreciated the look
of malice on Greta's face.  'Well, perhaps, perhaps it wasn't too bad after
all.'

'Good, good, I thought you'd see things from my point of view.  Mind you, if
you really did like it then I'm sure you would like slave Lisa to carry on.' 
Greta paused.  'Wouldn't you?'

Agnes stared dumbly, wondering how to answer.  Fearing even worse she mumbled
'Please hit my tits again Lisa, please.'

'Good, but not good enough.  Speak properly and ask Mistress,' Greta emphasised
the word, 'Mistress Lisa to hit your tits.  Do it!'

Agnes swallowed and spoke a little louder  'Please Mistress Lisa, please hit my
tits'

Lisa looked at Greta for reassurance and then, seeing her brief nod, raised her
hand and delivered another couple of resounding slaps.

'Now say thank you, and say it nicely!' Greta was enjoying herself seeing her
former friends increasing humiliation.,

'Thank you for hitting my tits, Mistress Lisa, thank you!'

'Good, and if it was so good I'm sure you would like her to hit you some more. 
Of course there are a couple of volunteers waiting over there.'  Greta nodded
at the waiting males.

Agnes, fearing the pain of Lisa's slaps, but fearing the prospect of a large
male hand hitting her even harder, understood the predicament she was in. 
'Please Mistress Lisa, hit my tits again'

By now Lisa was herself relishing the feeling of power, raised her hands and
repeated the hard slaps, making the now bright red breasts sway heavily.

'Thank you Mistress Lisa.  Please will you hit my tits again?'

Lisa continued.



As the repeated dialog continued, the request and grateful thanks, Greta could
see that Lisa's arms and hands were feeling the strain.

'Enough, enough, time for more of that later, but the lesson must begin soon.'



As Lisa moved to sit next to Karen Greta turned to the males, their erections
still strong and pulsing at the sight of the punishment had been delivered to
Agnes' pendulous breasts.   'You may prepare her now!'

Agnes began to struggle as Ken and Peter dragged her across to the familiar
structure that had so recently been the restraining device for Karen. 
Strapping her tightly down to each part of the devilish device, Greta oversaw
their work and made sure that wrists and ankles were strapped sufficiently
tightly to make Agnes gasp with pain.  Once she was satisfied with the degree
of discomfort she picked up the remaining broad leather strap and gave it to
Ken to fasten tightly around Agnes' naked body just above the hips.

'Good!  I like that, and now, I'm  sure, she can appreciate just how much slave
Karen enjoyed the embrace of our little machine.'  Greta smiled happily as her
plans for the total and complete humiliation of her former friend began to be
realised.  'All we have to do now is to make you quite comfortable.'  As she
spoke she pressed some levers and the whole table-like structure tilted
slightly backwards so that Agnes' head was barely three feet above the floor
and her hips perhaps some six inched higher.  Making further adjustments to the
angle so that Agnes heavy breasts flopped to either side of her sweat streaked
chest, she refined the adjustment by setting the lower portion to force Agnes'
legs as wide apart as she could without causing any physical damage.

Stepping back Greta surveyed her efforts.  Agnes was lying spread-eagled and
helpless, tightly strapped to the bench in the erotic saltire shape, a shape
that always gave Greta a thrill as it presented the victim, willing or
otherwise, in a position of total submission and helplessness.

'There, my dear, nice and comfortable ... and, shall; we say, available.  Just
look at how wide your legs can open, something you've probably not done for
some time.  And just look how your delightfully heavy tits are hanging, even
your poor excuses for nipples are looking better now.  Oh, my, my, what fun we
shall have with you.'

Greta called to Karen.  'Come here my dear.  Now, I want you to look at those
nice hard cocks over there and decide which one of them you would think best
suits our naked friend here.  Go on, you may touch them if you like, and I know
you would like.'



Karen ignored Agnes' moans of protest at the thought of a forced fuck, and
walked over to the men.  Her slim pale hand grasped first Ken's thick hard
length and then Peter's shining deep black phallus.  Satisfied with the length
and hardness of both she then considered the shape of the swollen mushroom like
glans, the size and firmness of the basal rim.  Looking finally at Peters
engorged member as it was held, velvety black, in her pale hand, she decided
that perhaps Peter had a slightly more pronounced head on his magnificent cock.
  'This one, Mistress, this one is perhaps suitable for the job.'

Agnes groaned as she realised that she was likely to be penetrated by that
massive phallus.  Greta, however, just smiled and walked across to Karen. 
'Well done my dear, I couldn't have made a better choice myself. Now go over
there and select a nice dildo from that shelf, make sure it matches your
requirements and then bring it over here..

As Karen walked, her naked breasts jiggling slightly, over to the bench, Greta
turned her attentions to the whimpering Agnes.  'My dear, why so upset?  You
didn't think I would waste such a wonderful thick hard cock on you did you?'
She paused for a moment.  'At least not yet anyway!'

For a brief moment Agnes looked relieved. No one in the room was aware that she
had never enjoyed more than minimal penetration, preferring her pleasures in
different ways. She hoped that no one would ever find out.  Even her husband
was never aware of her most secret pleasures and she had always managed to
satisfy him with a minimum of wifely duties.  Then she realised that Karen was
over at the side of the dungeon looking for what Greta had called a 'suitable'
dildo.  Even the use of such a common device as a dildo, of whatever size and
shape, was not something that Agnes had often practised and the thought of
being impaled by one, one held in another hand, was not something she was
relishing.

At the wallside bench Karen was sorting through a considerable collection of
dildoes, of all sizes, shapes and colors.  She was impressed with the variety
and determined that she would, at some suitable time, request permission from
Greta to not only use a selection for her own personal pleasure, but also use
some of a more discreet size to give pleasure to her dear friend Lisa. 
Finally, satisfied, she selected a thick long firm rubber phallus,
appropriately black in color, and with a pronounced glans.  Perhaps, she
thought, the rim was a little wider and firmer than would have been the case
with a real cock, but, there again, the size of the head as compared with the
shaft was itself a little disproportionate.  Such a wide head on an already
thick shaft seemed a good design for pleasure, deep, satisfying internal
friction of the sweetest kind.



Lifting it in her hand she turned toward the waiting group around the naked and
spread-eagled Agnes.  As she moved she looked again at the artificial phallus
and wondered at the odd device at the base of it, below the simulated
testicles.

Greta took the dildo from Karen's hand and showed it to Agnes.  'Look closely
my dear, look closely!'

Agnes began to speak but, looking at Greta's face, realised that she could be
making a mistake.  Even as she looked, Greta turned towards the waiting male
slaves.

'Now, I think, is the time.'  She smiled as she repeated the words that had
first filled Agnes with dread.  'You two, you know what to do.  Do it!'




End of Part 56


(c) 2004 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then feel free to keep a copy and re-read it as
often as you like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know if you have
any, and I do mean ANY, ideas for improving the tale.  To those who write to me
already, thank you for your comments and thank you for your patience.

If you didn't enjoy it I'd love to know why, and how I could improve it.

If you wish to post it elsewhere, then of course you can, (and will!), but
remember to credit me as the author. 



The Adventures of Karen - Part 57 &ndash; Education - 2  
'Stop!'  
Greta made a decision. 'Stay there and wait while I make a few adjustments
  for our victim, she looks a little uncomfortable, don't you think?' Greta turned
  and looked at Karen.  
Karen was wary, wondering if this was a trick question, intended to provoke
  an excuse for more torments at some stage. 'Well, yes, I suppose it could be
  a little uncomfortable, but, I do believe she could get used to it after a
  time.' Karen congratulated herself on her tact.  
'Indeed, yes, but a few refinements will help us here, I think.' As she spoke
  Greta walked over to Karen and handed her the phallus, savoring it's heroic
  size. 'Here my dear, amuse yourself with that while I make these adjustments.'  
Karen accepted the proffered dildo and felt a thrill as she ran her fingertips
  around the pronounced rim and over the simulated ridges and veins. She watched
  Greta carefully.  
Greta paused before she moved over to the mechanism controlling the bondage
  bench.  
Looking across at Lisa, she smiled sympathetically. 'Lisa my dear, you may
  go to your room and have a nice refreshing shower. After you have finished,
  I'm sure you'll feel much better. You can come back here then to see how the
  lesson proceeds.' Greta looked briefly at Agnes before she continued. 'And
  don't forget to wear some of your highest heels!'  
Satisfied that Lisa would do as she was told she walked over to Agnes. Looking
  at her reclining posture she checked the height of her head above the floor,
  before she adjusted the headboard to its narrowest width, a width she chose
  so that Agnes would have no choice but to keep her head more or less still,
  unless she wanted it to fall off and cause herself considerable neck pain.
  Moving down the taut naked body she paused at Agnes' pubic area. Casually she
  slapped the coarse hair atop the mound a couple of times.  
'Now, what have we here? I suspect you trimmed this back recently, it seems
  to be reasonably tidy, especially down here.' As she spoke Greta ran her fingers
  roughly over the cool dry labia. 'You do seem a little dry too, never mind,
  we can soon sort that problem out!' She laughed before continuing. 'Now, this
  covering really should go, you know. Perhaps we could dry shave it for you.
  Would you like that?'  
'Oh no, please, no, I beg you.'  
'There again, a wet shave or a nice slow waxing would be good.'  
'Please, Greta, please, let me shave it for you if that is what you want.'
  Agnes looked tearful.  
'Mistress Greta to you, may I remind you. You are in no position to be disrespectful,.
  You are, however, in a position that will perhaps help teach you how to treat
  your Mistress. Now, about this mess.' Greta paused and tugged viciously at
  a few hairs between the wide spread legs. 'No, I have a much better idea, you
  will do that job yourself and I will give you some suitable tweezers to do
  it. Nice and thorough, nice and slow, and above all nice and painful. And the
  pain will be all the sweeter because you will inflict it with your own hand.'  
'No, I couldn't, I just couldn't, p-please don't make me do that. Anything
  else but not that.' Agnes began to cry in earnest.  
'Oh, but you will, you will. Later, when we have finished here with the first
  part of your training you will make sure that you are as smooth as nature intended.
  Do it properly or I shall command slave Lisa to whip your... your dry and worthless
  cunt.'  
Seeing Agnes' reluctant acceptance, Greta continued to walk along the bench,
  rubbing her hands roughly on the naked thighs and legs. 'Yes, I see what's
  needed.' She bent over and made some adjustments so that Agnes' outstretched
  legs were lowered until her feet were roughly on the same level as her head.
  As she did this she made sure that the middle of the bench remained in its
  elevated position. Standing back she admired her handiwork. She felt well satisfied.
  Agnes lay outstretched, her arms spread and held high over her shoulders, her
  legs widespread and, as a centerpeice, her pubic area elevated above and held
  horizontally above the rest of the helpless body by several inches.  
'I think that will do, although, perhaps...' Greta paused and picked up a
  couple of straps, held them up and admired the twin rows of raised metal studs
  on the inside face. Turning back towards Agnes, she bent over and fastened
  them around the upper thighs. 'There we are, perfection at last! I think you
  might appreciate those little teasers there. All you have to do to avoid them
  hurting yourself is to lie perfectly still, otherwise, whenever your legs move,
  you may experience, as my dentist says, some momentary discomfort.' Greta laughed
  and turned at last towards Karen who was still standing and holding the dildo.  
'What? I thought I told you to amuse yourself. Why haven't you done so? Don't
  you fancy handling something as generous as that, perhaps.' Greta was clearly
  upset as she stormed over to Karen.  
'But, I didn't realise that I had ...'  
'When I say something I mean it, surely you realise that by now. Now, stand
  there and start using it on yourself. Wait! Move over there a little so that
  my friend here can see exactly what it looks like when a nice reasonable sized
  toy is used on a well lubricated cunt.' Greta began grinning. 'I do presume
  that your cunt is as wet as it usually is!'  
'Yes Mistress, Mistress Greta.' Karen blushed, a rare occurrence for her,
  but the direct reference to her natural reactions was a little unexpected.
  She walked a short way towards the supine Agnes. 'Do you want me to lie in
  the floor?'  
'Certainly not! Do it standing up. I'm sure you've fucked enough times standing
  against a wall somewhere. And, no doubt, you stood in a corner and used one
  of those ... toys before now. Do it!'  
Karen felt a flush as she admitted to herself that everything Greta had said
  was true. Surely, she thought, the fact that she had indulged in the pleasures
  of the flesh many times in public, and semi-public, places where, of necessity,
  she had had to stand up was no different to anyone else. As for standing and
  using a dildo on herself, she thought that that was perhaps a minor invasion
  of her personal life. Not that she had a personal life any more, she acknowledged
  ruefully. No, she had to admit that Greta was correct, she had masturbated,
  using a variety of dildoes, many times in the warm privacy of her bathroom
  over the years, and, in fact, there were times, perhaps too many times, when
  she truly enjoyed the sensation.  
'Well?' Greta's voice broke into her thoughts. 'Get on with it!'  
With the experience of long practise, she opened her legs and bent her knees
  slightly, lowering her genital area to more or less eye level for the captive
  Agnes. Carefully, and very very slowly, she fingered her wet labia apart and
  inserted the grotesquely large glans into herself. Pausing a couple of times
  in the process, she began to slowly insert the phallus a few inches deeper
  and then withdrew it until the swollen head almost, but not quite, escaped
  from the warm embrace of her engorged labia. Repeating the process she managed,
  after a dozen or more strokes to insert the intruder as deep as it was possible
  into her sensitive channel. Appreciating the pleasure it was giving to her,
  she closed her eyes and swayed unsteadily on her feet as she began to masturbate
  with a smooth rhythmic action.  
Agnes, despite her initial revulsion, could not stop staring as the slick,
  firm, rubber phallus entered and re-entered the willing receptacle.  
'Enough, enough for now. Take it out and lick it clean.' Greta smiled maliciously
  as she knew just how near Karen was to yet another orgasm.  
Slowly, reluctantly, Karen withdrew the intruder and savored the final rubbing
  as the extravagant rim scraped across the ultra sensitive spongy flesh just
  inside her well lubricated channel.  
Seeing the look on Agnes' face, Greta spoke sharply. No, wait! Offer it to
  our pupil here, she may as well have a little treat before the lesson begins.'  
Karen permitted herself a fleeting smile as she held up the glistening phallus
  and brought it towards Agnes. Agnes, in turn, stared, fascinated and horrified
  as the wet warm toy was waved under her nose. Catching the heady sweet aroma
  of Karen's juices she couldn't avoid grimacing at the, to her, distasteful,
  aroma. 'No. please, please Karen, please don't make me do that. I just can't
  do that sort of thing' Please!'  
'Oh, really, I never knew you felt like that.' Greta was suddenly interested
  at Agnes' reaction. 'And here I am, thinking how much you enjoyed sucking cocks.
  Perhaps you would prefer that these two handsome specimens here were able to
  go down your throat.'  
'Oh, please Greta, only sometimes, but please, not now, I'm so uncomfortable
  like this, I couldn't possibly &hellip;  '  
'Nonsense! Of course you could, and you could just as easily suck on Karen's
  dildo. I can easily fit a nice big ring gag you know, or perhaps that evil
  dental gag that you like using on other unfortunates.'  
Greta paused and tuned to Karen. 'Come over here and show her how it should
  be done. I know you just love the taste of your own juices.' As she spoke she
  casually rubbed her hand over Agnes' dangling breasts. 'As for you my dear
  pupil, I shall be kind to you. Look and learn. Your chance may come later.'
  She smiled maliciously and moved aside so that Karen could be in full view.  
Looking Agnes straight in the eye Karen provocatively raised the wet and
  glistening phallus to her lips and licked it clean. Licked it clean with slow
  sensuous strokes of her pink tongue, savoring the sweet salty flavor of her
  own juices.  
'Good, good! I think she gets the idea by now. Just hold onto it for a moment
  while we get things ready.' As she spoke she directed her gaze towards the
  waiting male slaves. 'Bring that into position now, I think everything is in
  order.'  
Ken and Peter had been standing quietly, heads bowed submissively waiting
  for further instructions. As they had stood naked their erections had subsided
  although both of their cocks were still tumescent, still slightly engorged,
  still hanging more or less horizontally.  
Greta looked at them approvingly, noting the state of their well used cocks.
  The fact that their erections had subsided was not surprising she thought,
  after all although they were surrounded by naked, and in one case helpless,
  women, even the mere male had at times to take a rest. Such a shame, she thought,
  that the male has such difficulty in maintaining a satisfactory state of arousal.
  She smiled to herself pondering her plans for her husband, yet again absent
  on some business trip or other. Never mind about that, she corrected herself,
  his time is nearly up, his fate will soon be decided. But, she reminded herself,
  Agnes had to be broken and re-trained first.  
'Now, move that machine into position, you know exactly where it has to go.'  
Greta turned and smiled at Karen as the naked males lifted up the device
  and carried it towards the naked and helpless Agnes. Towards her. Between her
  wide stretched legs.  
'Good, good! Place it there and pass me that holder, if you please.' Greta
  was unusually polite to her favorite male. Ken bowed his head respectfully
  and handed Greta a curious metal pole, some three feet long and about two inches
  in diameter. One end was plain and covered in a simple metal cap, but the other
  end was fitted with a long wide screw, and a couple of electrical wires were
  dangling from a hole in the side of the tube.  
As he handed the device to Greta Karen leant forward to see exactly what
  was going on. She wondered at the device and noted that at the plain end there
  was a small socket, presumably provided so that some connection could be made
  to the wires hanging freely at the other end.  
Greta noticed Karen's interest and motioned her forwards. 'Here, hold this
  my dear, you can do the necessary work here once I have made the correct adjustments.
  I just love to supervise the education process.' She walked round Agnes outstretched
  leg and towards the machine standing ready. Adjusting a few clips and levers
  she held her hand out. Give me that now!'  
Working quickly, Greta slipped the pole into a pair of clamps fitted to a
  lever on top of the machine. 'Good, now a quick test.' She bent over and flicked
  a switch. Immediately the metal arm began to move slowly back and forwards
  over a distance of some six inches. 'Good, good!', she murmured before she
  switched the machine off, 'Come here my dear and you can do the rest.' As she
  spoke she straightened up and walked around Agnes' naked leg and positioned
  herself by the side of the bondage bench. 'You, my dear, can fit that dildo
  on to the end of the pole. Screw it on nice and tight, it has a lot of work
  to do, you know!'  
Cautiously, Karen moved around and stood close to the machine, her bare back
  brushing lightly against Agnes' naked leg. Holding the dildo carefully, still
  warm from it's recent immersion deep inside her channel, she carefully screwed
  the dildo onto the end of the pole. Looking at Greta she began to speak.  
'Mistress...'  
'No, you're not finished yet, just clip those wires onto the contacts just
  there. Greta pointed to the small connection nestling at the base of the dildo.
  Karen nodded silently and carefully inserted the wires into the connector.  
'And now plug that other wire to the other end of the pole, if you please.'  
Again Karen complied soundlessly before she looked up at Greta for further
  instructions.  
'One final test, before we carry on.' Greta smiled at Karen before she looked
  at Agnes. 'Now, you see, we have an interesting device here. I can use it directly
  by going back and flicking a few switches or, and I know you'll like this,
  I can use this remote control here.' She held up a small black box, one face
  covered with buttons of various colors. ' I know you can't see what is going
  on but just listen carefully and you'll get the idea.'  
Looking at the machine briefly, checking its position, Greta pressed the
  remote control. Immediately the motor whirred and the shaft began to move slowly
  backwards and forwards. Agnes could hear the steady murmur of the pole as it
  oscillated in its guides.  
'You like?' Greta was smiling broadly. 'Now listen to this.' Pressing some
  more buttons the sound changed and the movement became faster as the dildo
  mounted at the end of the pole began to move faster and faster. Karen, standing
  next to the device, was impressed. The dildo was moving along it's pre-determined
  path at a speed which seemed almost impossible to match by any manual use of
  the dildo. As she watched the length of the stroke changed, first much shorter
  and then longer.  
Agnes looked increasingly worried. 'Now, my dear, there's more to come.'
  Greta sniggered. 'But let's save that for later. Karen my dear, you may place
  that thing next to it's new home.' As she spoke she switched the machine off
  and moved towards Karen. 'Now, just insert it into our friend here, I know
  she'll get to like it ... eventually!' Greta loosened the clamps to allow Karen
  to position the pole. 'Don't be afraid, it won't bit you know. Just put the
  first inch or so inside her and then we'll be ready to begin the first lesson.'  
Karen stared and cautiously tried to move the pole, avoiding the rubber phallus.
  Surprised at how easily it moved she carefully positioned the bulbous head
  against the dry labial flaps. Delicately she began to pry them apart with gentle
  fingers.  
Agnes shuddered at the human contact with her most sensitive and secret parts.  
Karen cautiously opened the labia and guided the head of the dildo between
  them until it was resting against the vaginal entrance. Greta, who was watching
  curiously, suddenly peered closely. 'Oh my, oh my, look at what we have here.'
  As she spoke she prodded Agnes' flesh with her fingertip. 'Just look at that!'  
Agnes felt herself flush with embarrassment. She knew, with an awful awareness,
  just what had excited Greta's curiosity and interest. Knowing Greta as she
  did she knew that this revelation was something to be feared.  
Karen began to push the phallus into the softly yielding flesh, despite the
  difficulties of probing dry flesh.  
'Stop! Not yet, I've changed my mind. We'll have to get her lubricated anyway.
  Just wait a minute and...'  
The sound of the dungeon door opening interrupted Greta in mid-sentence.
  The clicking of spike heels echoed around the silent room as Lisa, naked, freshly
  showered and powdered, walked towards her mistress.  
'... and, and as I was just saying. Lisa, come here and look at this. See
  what we have discovered.'  
Lisa walked dutifully towards the couple standing at Agnes' elevated and
  naked pubis as Agnes flushed with continuing embarrassment and mounting apprehension.  
End of Part 57  
(c) 2005 Cathy P  
If you enjoyed this story, then keep a copy and re-read it as often as you
  like. Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  
Let me know what you have enjoyed, or, perhaps, what you didn't enjoy, about
  the story! To those who write to me already, thank you for your comments! I
  do try to answer every letter, but it may take a little time, so, thank you
  in advance for your patience!  
If you wish to post the 'Adventures' elsewhere, then of course you will!.
  Just remember to credit me as the author.  
The Adventures of Karen - Part 58 &ndash; Education 3  
Lisa stood and stared.  
Karen quickly looked at Lisa and returned her gaze to Agnes' exposed flesh.  
As the two girls looked Greta was carefully, tentatively, stroking the clearly
  exposed clitoris. Pausing after a few delicate strokes she looked up at Agnes,
  who, because of her position could not clearly see anyone beyond the rise of
  her chest, beyond the slight mounds that were the painful reminder that her
  heavy and pendulous breasts were hanging almost casually either side of her
  naked and restrained body.  
'Well, my dear, you certainly kept that a deep secret!'  
Agnes was too embarrassed to answer. She knew that whatever she said would
  have no effect on Greta now that she had finally found out that she had been
  blessed with an inordinately large and elongated clitoris. Agnes was aware
  that however well blessed she appeared to be to other, less well endowed women,
  it was not something which she would have ever wished for. She had endured
  many ribald comments in shower rooms in her younger days and even her husband
  had felt intimidated by it. So much so that he always referred to it as the
  'other cock that my wife loves more than mine'.  
Greta's voice interrupted Agnes thoughts. 'Why didn't you tell me all about
  it, my dear. This is such a wonderful, wonderful thing. I'm sure that any of
  us here would be more than happy to be so well endowed.' Greta turned and looked
  at Karen who was, to her embarrassment, quite fascinated by the smooth erotic
  flesh that lay exposed before her gaze.  
'Mistress, I'm sure you are right!' Karen spoke quietly, afraid to say too
  much because she felt more than a littlie sympathy for the desolate Agnes.
  Karen's own clitoris was, she had always thought, been well developed and it
  was, without any question, extremely sensitive. So sensitive that she always
  treated it with great respect. With love and respect. Despite many attempts
  to break her habit, she had felt forced to masturbate at least once, and, very
  often, more times, every day. How, she wondered, could Agnes cope with such
  a superb organ. Especially, she smiled to herself, if it was even only half
  as sensitive as her own swollen bud.  
Greta was determined to make Agnes reply as she raised her voice. 'Tell me,
  tell us, do you play with yourself every day, every single day?'  
'No, no, please, you're embarrassing me.' Agnes sounded plaintive. 'Please,
  it's not like that at all. You just don't know, it can be so difficult at times
  for..'  
Greta interrupted her angrily. 'Don't pretend that you have never pleasured
  yourself!'  
'Well, yes, yes, of course, of course I have, but it is so difficult to explain.'
  Agnes began to cry as she realised that she was almost on the point of admitting
  her deepest secret. A secret that she had successfully hidden from everyone
  over the years, including even her own husband.  
'Ah well, let's leave that for now. We'll soon get the truth anyway. I'll
  spend a little time planning my next few moves once we have got your first
  lesson started.  
Agnes felt a little relief at that, thinking to herself that she might still
  be able to keep her secret. Might, with a little time to think, to plan, begin
  to make some suitable excuse  
'Now, slave Lisa go and stand at the top, next to dear Agnes' head while
  slave Karen helps me make one final adjustment here.'  
Karen focussed her attention on Greta once more. 'Yes Mistress, what do you
  want me to do?'  
Greta resisted the temptation to tell her what her desires were at that precise
  moment, desires that involved much discomfort for Karen, and instead. concentrated
  on explaining the use of the machine. 'Now, my dear, once we have got the...
  what shall we say... the shaft lined up with her cunt then we have to make
  sure that we don't cause her any serious injuries.' Greta smiled thinly. 'No
  injuries of course, you know my views on that, but that doesn't exclude a lot
  of pain and discomfort, as Agnes here will soon find out.'  
As she spoke she flipped open a small panel on the front of the machine and
  looked at the setting of a couple of switches. 'Now, Karen, pick up that tube
  of lubricant there and smear a thin film onto the cock here. We want to get
  it inside her as deep as possible and as she is so dry..' Greta laughed '...at
  the moment, we'll help her a little.'  
Karen picked up the tube of clear gel and smeared a little on the shaft and
  began to work it along the length of the black, heavily contoured surface.
  As she did so she thought dreamily that an even better, natural, lubricant
  was almost at her fingertips. She knew that she had more than enough of her
  own sweet copious juices to spare for this purpose. She was sure that Greta
  realised that and had rejected the option for some reason best known to herself.  
'Enough, enough. Now, push it, guide it, inside her, slowly, slowly.' Greta
  looked up at Karen's face, slightly flushed as she experienced a brief pleasure
  at inserting such a well shaped phallus into another woman's, unresisting vagina.
  'Go on, keep pushing until you reach the top, or the bottom, as you wish!'  
Karen, acutely aware of the pain and discomfort that an object inserted too
  deep into herself would cause, pushed gently feeling a slight resistance as
  the swollen head pushed through the soft, warm, yielding flesh and towards
  the hardened dimpled ring of the cervix, towards the very tip of Agnes' tormented
  vagina. Carefully, as she probed the warm depths, she felt a firmer, more discernible,
  resistance.  
'There Mistress, there it is, I think I've reached the end of her ... her
  vag..' she paused, aware of Greta's stare, '...sorry, it's at the top of her
  cunt now, right at the top of her cunt, I can feel it now.'  
'Good! No need to be shy here, my dear, we're dealing with a naughty girl,
  a new slave so let's make sure she knows her place. We have no time for the
  social niceties at all. Hold it there at the top of her cunt for a moment.'
  As she spoke Greta made a few adjustments to one of the switches. 'Now, pull
  it out now. Slowly, slowly does it, and do not pull it all the way out either!'  
Karen hesitated briefly and then realised just what Greta intended. She held
  the long tube with the thick phallus mounted at the end of it and slowly withdrew
  it from the warm embracing depths of Agnes reluctant body. As more and more
  of the richly veined shaft emerged, glistening slightly with the lubricating
  gel, Karen slowed her movement until the rim of the grossly enlarged and exaggerated
  glans appeared between the thin inner labial lips.  
'Stop! That is just right. Hold it there, just inside her cunt.' Greta made
  a further adjustment to the other switch before she snapped the lid shut. Standing
  back she motioned Karen to move away from the machine. 'Now, my dear we are
  almost ready. We've got the machine set up now so it will not do her any serious
  damage, and it won't come out either. Just like the ideal cock I suppose, and
  without all the mess too.'  
Greta flexed her hands and stretched her arms before she walked around Agnes'
  outstretched naked legs and walked towards her head. Bending over her she murmured
  into Agnes ear. 'Now my dear, we're almost ready for your lesson to begin.
  You are a little too dry, I suspect, to enjoy the experience, but I'm sure
  that will soon remedy itself one way or the other once you realise just what
  a wonderful little toy you have at your disposal.' As she spoke she pressed
  a button on the remote control and a low buzzing sound came from between Agnes'
  legs.  
'Ah! Ohhhhhhhh! Nooooooooo!' Agnes squealed as she felt the head of the dildo
  begin to vibrate. Vibrate at the very opening to her vagina, next to the very
  root of her enlarged clitoris. 'Pleassssse nooooooo!'  
Greta smiled broadly as she switched the vibrator off. 'Never fear, my dear,
  you will be begging, pleading, for more later but that was just a little taste
  of what we have in store for you. You must have already guessed that you're
  going to be fucked soon anyway. I'm sure that you would prefer this nice machine,
  so smooth acting, so long lasting, so much better than any man.'  
'Please, please no!!' Agnes begged, tears forming yet again.  
'Oh, so you would prefer a man, a nice warm spurting cock to fuck you?' Greta
  spoke menacingly. 'Or, perhaps, a couple of men. Or three? Or four? I know,
  how about an nice long rough gang rape? Would you like that?'  
Agnes, who had long fantasised about being taken by a group of men, paused
  briefly, knowing that she could never reveal such a deep, unfulfilled, fantasy
  to Greta. Who knows, she thought, she might just arrange it. 'No, please dear
  Greta, I'll do whatever you wish. If you would prefer it then of course I would
  like to feel the pleasures of your toy there.'  
'Good answer, my dear, good answer!' Greta was happy now that she had gone
  at least one small, very small, step along the path towards the training and
  humiliation that she planned.  
As she paused Greta let her thoughts wander briefly. She had been most impressed
  with the way that her friend Lucy, and her husband, had trained the submissive
  couple for the general pleasure of everyone. She thought happily of the way
  that the unfortunate Joy was forced to hold her orgasm, totally unable to cum
  or obtain any release in any way until she had been paid, in coin or note.
  She knew a little of the training that the unfortunate Joy had undergone. The
  way that Lucy had broken her from a proud and arrogant woman. A woman reluctant
  to ever grant the use of her body to anyone, including her husband, except
  on rare occasions. She recalled happily the stories that Lucy had regaled her
  with as she described how she had slowly trained Joy to enjoy, then need, and
  then beg for, release, beg to be allowed to cum. Even more, she thought, it
  was so incredible how the extended training with withheld orgasms had progressed
  until she finally accepted her fate. It was inevitable in the end, she thought.
  Perhaps that was a case where the use of the cane as a punishment for cumming
  without permission was justified. A good case of pain before pleasure. Pain
  and pleasure always seemed so intertwined anyway, especially where sexual pleasures
  were concerned. And, as for the husband, how he had been trained to give such
  delightful oral service was still something she wondered about. Something she
  would have to explore later.  
She stopped, and returned her attention to the dungeon. Lisa was still standing
  expectantly to one side of Agnes' head and Karen stood dutifully at one side
  next to the two naked males, their erections now faded into insignificance.  
'I think we can make a start on her now!' Greta pressed a button and the
  machine began to thrust slowly back and forwards into the waiting and helpless
  cunt.  
'Aaaaahhhhhhh, nooooooooo!' Agnes wailed as she felt the repeated thrusts.
  Slow as the movement was she felt it dragging on her innermost membranes, dry
  from the lack of any arousal. Slowly, she thought, she would not be able to
  help herself. Then, she knew, Greta would have another revelation.  
'No! I almost forgot the special feature here.' Greta made a show of remembrance
  as she smiled at the naked observers. 'Karen, be a dear and fetch me that box
  from over there please.' Karen walked towards the bench at the side of the
  room and picked up a plain brown box. As she picked it up she realised that
  a coil of wire was lying besides it. 'Oh, yes, bring the wire as well, please!'  
Padding over towards Agnes, Karen wondered just what new fiendish device
  or torment had been planned. Greta's sudden dramatic outburst seemed to be
  less than genuine and Karen felt sure that Greta had known exactly what she
  was doing, what she intended, all along.  
'You se, my dear...' Greta addressed Agnes, who stared at her helplessly,
  '...I almost forgot. This machine can also be controlled by sound. Your voice
  in fact. Or, if you prefer it, your moans, your screams. Here, let me just
  fix this thing around your neck.' Greta moved forwards and opened the mysterious
  box, withdrawing a long soft leather strap with a large bulge in the middle
  of it. 'You see, my dear, this is a throat microphone, if I strap round here,
  like so...' Greta matched her words with actions '...and I pull it nice and
  tight, just like a simple slave collar in fact, then every sound you make will
  be picked up. Clever, eh?'  
While Karen's face remained impassive Lisa couldn't resist a short gasp.
  'I see you get the idea then, Lisa my dear!'  
Lisa merely nodded, fearing to offend Greta.  
Carefully connecting the wire to a clip at the back of the neck-strap Greta
  uncoiled it and walked to the machine between Agnes' legs. Once there she connected
  the free end to another socket and stood back.  
'Now, you see, whatever noise we ...', she emphasised the word, '... make
  the machine takes no notice. See!' She casually slapped her hand hard across
  Karen's bare ass making her scream at the unexpected shock. 'Clever little
  devil isn't it?' Greta walked back towards Lisa and, just as casually, tweaked
  one nipple, and then the other, as hard as she could.  
Lisa screamed with the pain that coursed through her tender teats, still
  sore from the lashing that Agnes had administered before she had been bound
  and held naked and helpless.  
'There you see, my dear, despite those silly girlish screams nothing happens,
  but, now when I do this...' Greta paused and slapped Agnes' pendulous right
  breast as it hung flaccidly at the side of her chest. Slapped it once and then
  slapped it again, harder. A bright red handprint showed up almost immediately
  as Agnes screamed her pain out loud. This time, instead of remaining silent,
  the machine standing dark and menacing between Agnes' bare legs burst into
  life. The long thick phallus began to thrust in and out of the waiting cunt.
  It continued briefly before stopping.  
Greta smiled happily looking triumphantly at Karen and Lisa before she continued.
  'You see, the really clever thing is that if you, you my dear Agnes, make a
  noise, any noise, then the machine will do something. Just exactly what it
  will do you will of course find out, but, as an extra little twist, I can alter
  it's settings as often as I like, and you will only know exactly what will
  happen, you will only find out, the hard way, the painful way perhaps!'  
Agnes tried to look at Greta and speak. 'Please Miss... aaahhhhh noooooooooooooo!'
  As she spoke the machine went into action once more, and, incredibly as she
  screamed her suffering ever louder the machine changed its pace and the length
  of it's stroke. Just as suddenly it stopped.  
'Mistress, if I may ask.' Karen was courteous and respectful. She had no
  desire to offend Greta who was obviously feeling her power, demonstrating her
  need to dominate, to control.  
'Of course my dear, ask away.'  
'Does that mean that she will only get... forgive me... she will only get
  fucked when she makes a noise?'  
'Oh no! Of course not. We can give her a long or short session as we wish,
  or we can keep her guessing. Such a clever device don't you think, my dear?
  We can change from manual to automatic control whenever we wish.'  
'Yes Mistress, yes indeed!' Karen was impressed.  
Suddenly the machine started whirring, withdrawing the phallus until it almost
  emerged from the soft flesh before the buzzing indicated the start of the vibrator.  
'Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo!' Agnes screamed helplessly before she struggled
  to stay silent. Struggled to stay silent despite the insistent torment to her
  sensitive flesh. Torment to the very deepest nerves at the base of her clitoris.
  Struggled to be silent to stop the tormenting device.  
'Sorry, dear sweet Agnes, I almost forgot. There is one other little trick
  here. If you make a noise then something will happen, as you seem to have found
  out. But, if you remain silent for too long then the machine gets quite upset
  and thinks you have forgotten it's charms, so it starts up again. So clever,
  and you don't know, can't know, how long it will wait.' Greta clapped her hands
  happily. 'You can now torture yourself so easily. Make a noise and you suffer,
  make no noise and you suffer. Superb!'  
Agnes could only nod, terrified of setting the machine off once more.  
'Now, here's your first test before we start your lesson at last. I hope
  you are ready!'  
End of Part 58  
(c) 2005 Cathy P  
If you enjoyed this story, then keep a copy and re-read it as often as you
  like. Your pleasure is my pleasure!. Let me know what you have enjoyed, or,
  perhaps, what you didn't enjoy, about the story!  
To those who write to me already, thank you for your comments! I do try to
  answer every letter, but it may take a little time, so, thank you in advance
  for your patience!  
If you wish to post the 'Adventures' elsewhere, then of course you will!.
  Just remember to credit me as the author.  

The Adventures of Karen - Part 59 - Education 4



Greta smiled briefly.  'Come here my dear Lisa, you are needed to show our
friend here just what she has to do to please me, to please us, and, most
important of all, to please you!'

Agnes stared at Greta, her mind in a turmoil at the implications of Greta's
remarks.

'Worried, my dear, worried?'  Greta bent over and whispered in Agnes' ear. 
'You need not be, I assure you.   Your little test is so simple that I'm sure
you will pass easily.  I know that dear slave Karen, over there, would be only
too happy to take it for you, but I have other plans for her later.'

Despite being whispered, Karen heard Greta's remark with  a feeling of unease. 
She had managed to avoid anything too  unpleasant, too unusual, given Greta's
tastes and inclinations.  Now that she seemed to have the situation with Agnes
under control perhaps she would turn her attentions to her.  As her mind raced
with possibilities Karen began to wonder why slave Andy had been kept out of
the way, and, perhaps even stranger, where had Greta's husband disappeared to? 
She had not seen him for several days.  Perhaps he was also the part of some
devious plan by Greta.



Greta stood up and casually cupped Lisa's breasts.  Her my dear, mind how you
step, but I want you to stand astride Agnes' head, facing towards that lovely
little pleasure machine.'

Lisa, conscious of her towering heels moved forward carefully and positioned
herself as Greta had instructed.  Now that she was straddled over Agnes' face
she understood why Greta had insisted she wear a pair of her highest heels.  
Standing upright the smooth lips of her shaven labia were just a fraction above
Agnes' nose and lips.

Agnes gasped as she realised what was about to happen.  Even that slight noise
was enough to trigger the sound activation device and the thick black phallus
thrust savagely into the deep welcoming depths of her cunt.

'Ugh!  No mmmmmmmmmmmpppppppfffffffff' Agnes struggled to keep her nose and
especially her lips away from the slick labia hanging so close to them.

Greta frowned and flicked the switch to turn off the probing dildo, stopping it
at the very top of it's stroke so that the enlarged glans and its sharply
defined rim was pushing into the very depths of the unresisting cunt.



'Now my dear'. Greta patted Lisa on the shoulder, just bend your knees and rest
those sweet and succulent lips so that my friend Agnes may pay homage to them.'

As Lisa gingerly lowered herself until her sweetly salty labia wrapped around
Agnes tightly closed lips Greta bent her head towards the struggling Agnes.

'Lick it, lick it well and hard ... now!'

Agnes, after her first panic as the warm wet flesh settled across her mouth and
nose, began to struggle.  'Noooooo!  Noooooooo mmmmmmmpppfffff!'   She tried to
turn her head to get her mouth away from the sticky female flesh.   She began
to panic again as she realised that her struggles would reveal to Greta her
utter dislike for any oral contact with another woman, especially the cunt of a
mere slave girl.

Greta snapped her fingers at Lisa. 'Stand up and let the bitch breathe, she can
enjoy the sweet musk while I speak to her again.'

Lisa straightened her legs, and because of the height of her spike heels, Agnes
was able to breathe more freely, and to turn her head away from the flesh which
she found so repulsive.

'Aha!  I see you don't like the true pleasures of cunt-licking then.  I'm not
surprised I must admit.' Greta smiled at Karen.  'You, my dear, you, I'm sure,
would love to change places and savor your little friends cunt.'

Karen flushed and answered huskily, 'Yes Mistress, you know that I would enjoy
that very much, very much indeed.   Do you want me to kneel and lick your sweet
cunt instead?'  Karen cleverly turned the question to her advantage.

'Not yet, not yet.  Now, dear sweet, innocent Agnes, let me make things very
clear, you will, and I mean, you will, lick that girls cunt.  You will lick and
probe and you will make her cum.  Is that clear?'

'Please Miss Greta, I just couldn't, I just  can't lick another ... another
...'  Her voice trailed as she felt the shame and humiliation.

'Say it, you stupid, stupid woman!'

'Sorry, sorry Miss Greta, I just can't lick another ... another cunt, I just
can't. Please don't make me, please!'



Greta sighed and rolled her eyes at Karen.  'In which case, my dear, I have no
choice. I will have to start your punishment, your training, now.  Just
remember that once I switch the machine on, the sound detector will also be
working. Too much noise, you may get some surprises, or, of course, too little
noise you will also get a few surprises.'  Greta smiled at Karen as she
continued.  'Agnes, my dear you are in what we call a lose-lose situation, so
just admit defeat and do as I ask.  It's not so unreasonable is it?'

Greta casually flicked one of Agnes teatless nipples. 'Well, do you want to try
again?'   She motioned Lisa to lower her gleaming labia once more.

'Noooooooooooooo!   Uggghhhhhhhh!   Nooooooooooooooo!'

Greta waved Lisa away from Agnes, leaving oily streaks across her face and
nose.  'Right!  Here we go then you're your first lesson.  You will have to
take this for a full thirty minutes, no excuses, no help, just the full thirty
minutes of ... ' she smiled evilly '...pleasure!'   She reached towards the
machine and flicked the switch.  Immediately the thick phallus began to thrust
in a gentle shallow motion.  In and out of the unmoving cunt.

Agnes moaned quietly and the machine reacted instantly, changing the depth and
the tempo.  For a full two minutes the phallus forced its way into the very
depths of Agnes' warm and rapidly moistening flesh. Then it slowed down to it's
former pace.



Greta looked at Karen and smiled. 'My dear, this may get a little boring ...
for us!  Let's have some small amusement.' She walked over to the phone and
picked up the handset.  'Come here immediately!'

Karen barely heard a muffled reply before Greta walked over to the waiting
naked men.  'You two have been very patient so far.  If you are lucky I may
allow you both... 'she paused and looked across at the now lightly sweating
Agnes as she was relentlessly penetrated '... to fuck her later.  In the
meantime I need to check on Slave Andy's training.'  As she spoke the door
opened and the naked Andy walked towards his Mistress.

'Good, good.   'I'm pleased to see that you are getting used to that small
collar around your miserable; balls.  Do you like it now?'

'Andy looked confused.  'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress.'

'I thought so. Now, go and kneel in front of those two specimens and look at
their cocks. Just tell us what you think of them.' Greta smiled at Karen.  'And
speak loudly, I want slave Agnes to understand how these things are done.'

Andy moved to stand in front of Peter and Ken and, standing just a couple of
feet away lowered himself on to his knees.  He looked back at Greta and briefly
at Karen before he spoke.

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'  As he spoke he
gripped his own cock and began to stroke it. 

Greta smirked.  'Yes, you can play with yourself if you like, just carry on.'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'  

'Aren't you forgetting something?  Someone?'  Greta flashed her eyes at the
hapless Andy who shifted his gaze to the other hardening cock.

'Peter's cock is longer than mine!  Peter's cock is thicker than mine!  Peter's
cock is bigger than mine!  Peter's cock fucks better than mine!'  

'You are still forgetting something!' Greta sounded more angry as she cast a
casual glance at Agnes who was beginning to sweat profusely as the machine
continued it's relentless effort

Andy cleared his throat and started again. 'Peter's black cock is longer than
mine!  Peter's black cock is thicker than mine!  Peter's black cock is bigger
than mine!  Peter's black cock fucks better than mine!'  He looked at Greta and
then at Peters cock which was swelling into a full erection, keeping pace with
his neigbor who had already reached that pleasurable state.  

'Peter's black cock is longer than mine!  Peter's black cock is thicker than
mine!  Peter's black cock is bigger than mine!  Peter's black cock fucks better
than mine!'

'Ken's cock is longer than mine!  Ken's cock is thicker than mine!  Ken's cock
is bigger than mine!  Ken's cock fucks better than mine!'

Andy had realised what was expected of him and the erotic stimulus of looking
at two superb erections as he stroked his own pitiful cock made his voice
husky.

Greta clapped her hands.  'Excellent!   Would you like to suck Ken's cock for
him now?'

Andy fastened his gaze on the familiar pole of heavily veined flesh.  'Yes
Mistress. Yes Mistress!'   He answered, Karen thought, a little too eagerly.

'And would you like to suck Peter's cock as well?'

Andy paused briefly as he gazed at the purplish black cock throbbing slightly,
comparing it with Ken's cock and realising that this was indeed a truly superb
example, with thick veins and a sharply defined helmet.

'Er, yes Mistress.  ... Yes Mistress.'

Karen suddenly felt sorry for him.  She had realised, as of course had Greta,
that he had hesitated, he had shown that he was less willing to suck and lick a
black cock.  She looked at Andy and gave him a brief sympathetic smile.

Greta intercepted the smile and resolved to punish Karen shortly.  'So, you are
not sure, are you?  Not sure that you would like to lick a nice hard black
cock?'

Andy realised had fallen into a trap.  'But ...but Mistress I would love to
suck a b-black cock. Please let me suck a black cock ... please!'

'Do it.  Do it and keep doing it until Agnes has finished her first lesson.  
There is about twenty minutes left for you so keep sucking and licking but do
not make him cum... yet!'

'Thank you Mistress, thank you.'  Andy spoke as he shuffled himself towards
Peter and a better position to carry out his duties.  'Peter's black cock is
longer than mine!  Peter's black cock is thicker than mine!  Peter's black cock
is bigger than mine!  Peter's black cock fucks better than mine!' He looked up
at the smiling Peter.  'Please, please sir, may I suck your cock?'

Peter didn't answer, he reached forward and grabbed Andy's ears and pulled him
towards his cock.  Quickly Andy used his free hand to guide the swollen head
into his mouth, struggling to get his lips around the firm, hard, engorged
head, struggling as it entered his mouth.

'Good, good!'  Greta relaxed slightly as she watched Andy's efforts to lick and
swallow as much of the engorged shaft that he could.  'Karen, my dear, I'm sure
you could do better.  Perhaps you'll show us sometime just how much cock you
can swallow.'

Karen felt embarrassed as she murmured her agreement.

Walking towards Agnes, Greta checked on her progress. She smiled approvingly as
she saw the sweat streaked tits and the increasing lubrication around the thick
phallus as it continued to thrust at different tempo's into the unresisting
Agnes.   Looking closely she saw that there were signs that Agnes was, despite
her mental torment, becoming aroused.  Making a decision she turned towards
Ken.

'Fetch me that box from the top shelf please and bring it over here.'  As she
spoke she walked towards Karen and casually stroked her firm heavily nippled
breasts.

Ken walked back and placed the box on the floor.   'Now, my dear, you have
offended me.  Not seriously, but nevertheless you have offended me.   You
thought that your wretched Andy did not want to suck a nice black cock. 
Perhaps you wanted to suck it?'  Greta grinned as she saw from Karen's
expression that she had correctly interpreted Karen's thoughts.  Looking at
Andy now beginning to enjoy his ministrations to Peters engorged flesh,
continuing to enjoy licking the rim and along the shaft, she nodded
approvingly.

'Keep it up, keep it up, if you see what I mean!'  Greta was pleased with her
attempt at humor.  'You can stroke yourself as much as you like, just make sure
that neither of you cum...yet!'



Looking at Karen once more she composed herself.   'You need to be punished of
course, you do realise that?'

Karen nodded.  'Yes Mistress, if I offended you I know that I must be punished.
 W-what are you going to do to me?'

'Oh nothing really, nothing at all.  Actually you might even enjoy it, you
know.'  Greta motioned towards Ken, whose cock was still erect.  Despite
himself he was still aroused at the thought, at the sight, of Agnes being
humiliated by a mere machine and, as always, he was always aroused at the
thought of Karen being punished.

'Open that box and show slave Karen what she has got to wear.'

Ken knelt down and opened the box.  Surprised, he looked more closely. 
Carefully, cautiously, he lifted up a high heeded sandal.  A shoe that was
surprisingly cool and even heavy.  Looking more closely he realised that it was
made entirely of metal.  Smooth, fine metal but unyielding metal nevertheless.

'Show her!'

Karen looked incredulously as Ken held up the smooth black shoe before her
eyes.  She could see that the heel was almost five inches high and was
surmounted by a slender metal strip that was, presumably, intended to curve
around her heel and part way up her leg.  Attached to this strip were two
narrow metal bands positioned so that they would fasten around her ankle and
lower leg.   Across the toe of the shoe was a single narrow metal strip, barely
a quarter of an inch wide.  The whole structure looked neat and elegant and, in
some way, threatening.

'Don't worry my dear, don't worry, just a pair of shoes, and you know how much
you love shoes!' Greta spoke quietly but menacingly.  Karen could not resist a
shiver as she realised that there was more to this than she had realised.

'Ken, put them on her pretty little bare feet.'



Kneeling in front of Karen Ken carefully, almost sensuously, guided Karen's
bare feet into the shoes until she could stand unsteadily on the slender,
needle like heel.

'Now, fasten those straps around her ankles.'  Greta looked triumphantly at
Karen, as she held a small screwdriver up before her.  'Now, use this to
tighten them up.   Carefully, of course, but just tighten each strap until I
tell you to stop.

Ken took the screwdriver from Greta and began to tighten the strap across
Karen's bare toes.  Turned the adjusting screw until the slender, metal began
to bite into Karen's flesh. Continued to tighten until Greta spoke.  'Enough! 
Now do the same to the other foot.'

Karen stood helplessly as she felt the slender metal bite into her soft flesh. 
Stared helplessly at Greta and then at Agnes who was till being penetrated at
random speeds and depths.

'Now the ankles, if you please!'

Ken turned his attentions to the straps around Karen's ankles.  Despite himself
he could not resist giving his throbbing erection as furtive rub as he held
Karen's bare foot steady in the tormenting shoe.  He turned the screw until the
lower strap was tightened to Greta's satisfaction. Then he tightened the upper
strap.

Finally Greta was satisfied and ordered him to stand up and move away from the
suffering Karen.



'Stand still  my dear, stand perfectly still!'  Greta walked around and cast
admiring glances at the tightly fitting shoes.  Admired the elegance and
simplicity of the cruelly thin metal straps.  Admired herself for her ingenuity
in devising these novel instruments of torture.

'Excellent!   You like these, do you, my dear?'

'Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress!' Karen dare not say what she really thought.
 The pleasure of standing in a high strappy shoe was of course something that
always appealed to her, but the idea that those self same shoes w would be made
of unrelenting metal, cruelly tight across her bare toes and around her bare
ankles was another concept.

'Now, all you have to do is to wear them, for as long as I decide.   Come over
here and stand next to slave Agnes.'

Karen carefully, cautiously, walked towards the sweating, grunting, groaning,
gasping Agnes.  Gritting her teeth as she felt the metal bands grip, struggling
to maintain her balance as she realised that the unyielding metal strap at the
back of her smooth bare heel would not allow her to flex her foot as she
normally would as she walked, she struggled, almost hobbled, into the position
that Greta had indicated.

'Hurt do they?  Painful are they?'  Greta snapped as she secretly admired the
way that Karen had struggled across the room with her bare feet so cruelly
constrained.   'That, my dear is what we call walking bondage.  Rather clever
really.  Your poor bare feet are held in the strictest bondage but every other
part of you is free.,  So simple, and yet so effective.'

Karen struggled to stand as still as possible, struggled to maintain her
balance on the teetering heels.

'Now, your job is very simple.  Just look at our new slave. See how she is
reacting to that lovely thick dildo in there.  See how wet she has got.'  Greta
glanced up at Agnes as the machine suddenly went into overdrive and began a
frantic series of thrusts to the maximum depth.  'See how excited she is
getting.'

Karen looked carefully at Agnes' engorged labia slick with what appeared to be
copious amounts of lubricant from the very depths of her tormented cunt. 
Looked closely at the elongated clitoris.  The engorged elongated clitoris.



'All you have to do is to stand there for a few more minutes before her first
lesson ends and then I'll tell you what to do.'

Greta looked around the room as Ken carefully and slowly played with his
erection, as Andy continued his now eager sucking on Peters gleaming black
cock.   'Yes', she thought to herself, ' soon I will have trained this useless
woman and then I can start on my husband.'  She looked finally at Karen who was
blissfully unaware of her role in the next stage of Greta's plan.

'Agnes, my dear just a few more minutes before we end this lesson, a few more
minutes before Karen shows us a little trick.





End of Part 59


(c) 2005 Cathy P

If you enjoyed this story, then keep a copy and re-read it as often as you
like.  Your pleasure is my pleasure!.  Let me know what you have enjoyed, or,
perhaps, what you didn't enjoy, about the story! 

To those who write to me already, thank you for your comments!  I do try to
answer every letter, but it may take a little time, so, thank you in advance
for your patience!

If you wish to post the 'Adventures' elsewhere, then of course you will!.  Just
remember to credit me as the author. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cathy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





