BDSM Library - Another Victim




Another Victim
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a fictional story of serial rape through the eyes of a rapist.
Another Victim

My name is Phil Jenkins. I am 28 years old and recently divorced.

I used to be a travelling salesman but gave it up two years ago when a relative
died and left me a lot of money. Not enough to provide me with a mansion, sun
seeker cruiser and a football team, but enough to live a 'comfortable'
lifestyle.

Fortunately, my recent inheritance has allowed me to devote my time to
fulfilling my fantasy and desire, which is to rape and humiliate young females.
When I say young I do mean the 18 to 25 age group. The thought of raping
children sickens me but to my victims, I sicken them.

During my salesman days I frequently visited topless bars and lap dancing clubs
(hence why my marriage failed) and I got to know a lot of business men, some of
whom were legit, others illegitimate. At one club I met a Japanese businessman
called Yachal Manzyki who I got to know quite well. He was thirty-five and a
stock market trader. One evening during a bit of a drinking binge at the lap
dancing club we frequented he told me that young European girls, especially
blondes, were very popular in Japan and that he had contacts, a form of
smuggling ring, who paid good money for girls whether they were presented to
them voluntarily or by force Apparently the girls were smuggled back to Japan by
sea and were put into a training programme to become sex slaves in brothels
operated by the Triads.

I told Yachal that I had just come into some money, wanted to pursue my
perverted interests and was interested in becoming a supplier. After several
weeks (assuming that the contact's backers would have first have ran checks on
me). A meeting was arranged with Yachal, his contact (name not revealed), and
myself. The contact was also Japanese and told me that his backers were willing
to pay top dollar for young European women. Their only concern was that the
merchandise was in good health. In fact he told me "you can fuck them in any
hole going, that does not matter. All we ask is that they come to us unmarked,
otherwise we will not trade with you".

This was ideal. Not only would the money useful but also by using these guys it
meant that any of my rape victims could be easily disposed of alive and without
trace, with no come back on me.

Yachal's business contact gave me a telephone number and he told me to phone
when I have set myself up and ask for Denzil. 

With my method of disposal set up, I started to put my action plan into motion.
First of all, I bought a new identity (Yachal arranged that). The identity
included a passport, driving license and National Insurance number. As far as
the authorities were concerned, Mr Frances Draycott (my new name) was a
legitimate person.

With my new identity I opened bank accounts and paid in large sums of cash. I
then went searching for a house in a district some 80 miles away from my home.

The house I required needed to be detached with an integral garage, a long drive
and with a basement. The basement was important because this was where I would
degrade and humiliate the fucking bitches.

 The one I found was in a 'well to do' area and fulfilled all my requirements.
There was a playing field across the road from my new property and the
neighbouring houses were some 10 metres away either side with a 2-metre fence
down each side boundary. I paid for the property in cash (from my account opened
with my new identity) and made sure that there was always enough money in my
account to pay rates and other services. This was because I did not want to draw
attention to the property what so ever.

I told the neighbours that my job required me to travel abroad often, an
explanation as to why I would not always be there. However, the neighbours were
the type, fortunately, who kept themselves to themselves and I preferred it that
way.

The next thing I did was buy a small second hand van and had a set of false
plates made up. I did not pay too much for the van as I envisaged that it would
be necessary to change vehicles frequently because, if something was to go
wrong, I did not want my victims DNA to be traced to a vehicle I had been
driving.

When I was not at the property the van would be kept in a lock-up garage I had
rented some 5 miles away. I also ensured that commuting between my two homes
would be by coach or rail only.

I furnished the house with some furniture but the most 'fun' was furnishing the
basement. The basement was approximately 20m by 20m with doors at both the top
and bottom of the staircase. It had been used the previous owner as an
office/study and was centrally heated. I removed the carpet as I preferred the
stone floor and then painted the walls and ceiling dark brown. I also plumbed in
a toilet, wash hand basin and shower. Then I searched round the second hand
shops until I found a big kitchen table and a king size bedstead with mattress
which I took back in the van.

I secured the big kitchen table to the floor of the basement and linked a length
of heavy duty chain around the width of the table and secured it at half way
distance from both ends I then wired in a spot light over the table and another
one over the bed to provide atmospheric light to make the basement feel more
like a dungeon to my victims. The thought of securing some naked young bitch to
the bed or table with her legs apart turned me on. 

My basement (or degrading chamber) was more or less complete. I did not need too
much in the way of furnishings or instruments. Hopefully there would be no need
to kill my victims but if I did feel the need to 'experiment' on them then I
would improvise by using anything and everything in and around the house.

Everything seemed ready so I rang the number that Yachal's contact had provided
using a pre-paid mobile phone that I had just purchased and I asked for Denzil.
I explained the situation and advised that I hoped to have merchandise for him
in a week or so. I was told to telephone the same number when I had merchandise
available.

It was time to look for an area to 'select' my first victim. Rule one is never
to 'sin' on your front door step and to know the area that you chose to search
for your victims. I chose a seaside resort that was some 40 miles away on the
East coast.  The town had a population of approximately 265,0000 several
nightclubs in and around the town centre. Furthermore, and most importantly,
there was a University on the outskirts of the town.

I spent many days and evenings and nights getting to know the town and where the
nice young women went, lived and travelled. I also found a district closer to
the University where a lot of the students lived and the pubs and nightspots
they frequented. I also got to know some of the secluded short cuts (alleyways
and pathways) not far from the "Uni" that the students used.

MY FIRST VICTIM

With my preparations complete, I set out under the cover of darkness to look for
my first victim. I would concentrate my search around the University because I
knew that there was a band playing there that night and there would be plenty of
activity.

It was 11.30PM on that cold winters night. The gig had finished at the
University half an hour ago and I had driven around the vicinity looking for a
girl to snatch. I was not fussy whether the slut was blonde, brunette or red
head or even pretty. However, I would prefer that she was tall, slender and with
a nice pair of perfectly rounded tits, not some fat soul with tits around her
ankles.

By midnight I was starting to give up on 'hunting' around the proximity of the
University, mainly because a lot of the students were in pairs or groups in a
mixture of male and females. I kept track of a group of three girls by driving
some distance ahead of them and then stopping to see whether they had turned off
into another street or whether they would split up. Unfortunately, my
surveillance ended without result when all three fucking cunts went into the
same house.

I decided to call it a night and drove off in the direction of home. I was only
travelling for 5 minutes when I saw a tall blonde women in jeans and long coat
walking in the same direction. Her right arm was raised as she tried to 'thumb'
a lift. What fucking luck I thought and my cock stirred at the thought of giving
her something to warm her up.

I stopped the car by the girl and she stepped over and opened the door. "Hi" she
said shivering "Are you heading in the direction of Braywood?" (Braywood was a
district some 3 miles down the road). The girl looked about 19 years of age with
blonde hair down to her shoulders and quite pretty in appearance.  The overcoat
was quite thick and it was difficult to tell whether she had much in the way of
tits or not, but then I did not care at that stage. All I was interested in was
'feeding' my cock on something! "Yeah jump in" I said. Fuck me, I thought, I'm
on a winner here. The girl jumped in and slammed the door shut and I drove off.

The first thing that sprang to mind was that she smelt of cigarettes. The second
thing was that I was not wearing a balaclava and that, if anything went wrong,
the girl could possibly identify me. I weighed up the situation and decided that
it was unlikely to be a problem because the inside of the car was quite dark, as
the highway was not that well lit, and besides, it was my intention to gag the
fucking bitch and blind fold her as soon as possible.

There was very little traffic on the road so I pulled over to the side of the
road and I turned round to get some things from behind the passengers. "Why have
we stopped?" she asked. The first words the girl had said to me since she had
stepped into the van. I quickly slapped her round the face with my right-hand
and grabbed the back of her hair. She let out a yelp I then placed a knife that
I had retrieved from the rear of the passenger's seat against her windpipe which
brought her struggles to a halt. "Just keep quiet, do as I say, and you wont get
hurt". "Please, please" she whimpered. I picked out the ball gag that I had in
my pocket.  "Open your mouth and you won't get hurt"  The girl reluctantly
allowed me to put the gag in place but I don't think that she wanted to argue
with the knife. The front compartment of the van was cramped but I managed to
get the girl to lean forward and put her hands together behind her back. I
applied the handcuffs to her wrists and then used a pair of ankle cuffs to
secure her legs together. Last but no least, I took out a blindfold which
panicked the girl. She calmed down again when I told her that would get hurt if
she struggled again. 

With the girl sitting next to me secured and blindfolded, I started the van and
continued my journey back to the house. My cock was rock hard and I realised
that it was going to be a long night.

I arrived at the house at about 1.20AM.The girl had not let out a sound
throughout the journey. I opened the garage doors and drove the van in then
closed them behind me. I found the light switch for the garage before I shut off
the van headlights and then opened the passenger's door in order to examine my
booty. It was the first time I had seen the girl in the light and I noticed that
she was wearing a black coat and dark blue jeans. Could not see what she was
wearing underneath but I was pretty sure I was going to find out soon.

I took off the ankle restraints and pulled her legs round and out of the car and
then helped my handcuffed captive out of the van. She was about 6 foot tall and
her shoes were quite low heeled. I walked her through an internal door into the
hallway of the house and down the staircase into the windowless basement. I
switched on two lights, the one over the table, the other over the bed. I
removed the handcuffs from the girl and then told her to remove her coat. I took
the coat from her and noticed that she was wearing a yellow blouse, nothing more
exciting than that. I then took out the ankle restraints again and clamped one
of her ankles one of the kitchen table legs and then went upstairs in order to
get myself prepared.

I wasn't going to go back down there naked because this was my first rape and I
wasn't sure what I would feel comfortable with. It was the first time that
evening that I'd had a chance to reflect on the situation. I had a kidnapped
girl in the basement and so, from a law enforcement point of view; I was up to
my neck in shit. My heart was pounding and so was my cock. I had been working up
to this moment and it had finally arrived. I changed into a pair of shorts and
t-shirt, put on my leather head mask then went back down to the basement.

As expected, my victim had removed the blindfold but would not have removed the
ball gag even if she had tried because the fastener was a complicated one to
undo. The girl muttered something into her gag when she saw me wearing the
facemask and there was a look of fear and desperation in her eyes. She put her
hands up in defiance as I approached but she soon co-operated when I produced
the knife from my shorts pocket.

With one of her ankles already secured to the table, I turned her round so that
her back was towards me and then secured her free ankle to the other table leg.
Standing behind her, I reached to the buttoning of her blouse and ripped it open
sending little white buttons all over the floor. The girl was sobbing into her
bull gag as I pulled the blouse over her shoulders and down her arms revealing
perfect white flesh and a white bra. I yanked the arms of the blouse over the
girl's hands and threw the garment on the floor. She was now stood with her
hands over her face, naked from the waist up except for a bra, and with her
beautiful blonde hair round her face and shoulders.

I looked down over her right hand shoulder at her breasts. They were not
particularly large but looked ample and probably a size 36 of some sorts and it
seemed that she had a nice cleavage. There was the smell of cheap perfume and
cigarette smoke from her face, neck and hair.

I wanted to save most of her clothing, as I had nothing else for the bitch to
wear. So I pulled her arms away from her face and pushed her over so that her
body was resting on the table. I pulled her right arm out wide from the side of
her body and then bent her arm at the elbow and brought it forward to a position
that enabled me to hand cuff her to the chain that was looped around the centre
of the table. I repeated the process with the left arm. With both arms secured,
there was little need at this stage to keep her ankles clamped to the table
legs. So I removed them in order to get the girl's jeans off.

There was enough play in the wrist cuffs and chain to allow me to reach between
the girl's waste and the table to unbutton her jeans. I pulled them from over
her white panties and down her gorgeous long legs. I took off her shoes and
removed the jeans from one ankle at a time. There was no struggle but I was sure
she was saying "No" repeatedly into her gag.  "Silly bitch," I said, "As if I'm
goanna take any notice of that".

I stopped and admired my handy work. She was quite a sight bent over the table
in only her bra and panties.

I decided that the ankle cuffs had to go back on because there was a chance that
she might struggle when I finally fuck her. Furthermore, with her ankles chained
to the table legs, the girl's legs would be spread far apart giving me easy
access to her cunt and arsehole.

With the ankles secured, I undid the handcuffs and used one pair to secure her
hands behind her back. I then pulled her upright by her hair and used the knife
to slice through the shoulder straps of her bra and then the back strap. Her
breasts fell free as the cloth fell to the table. They were beautifully rounded
and were jutting out in front of her and the nipples were quite large and a soft
pinkie colour.

I leaned forward and tongued her left nipple. The girl winced and tried to get
away but was unable to do little about it with her ankles secured to the table.
Her nipple hardened between my lips.

I was still clothed at this stage and I decided that it was time to get
undressed. Stood behind her, I removed my T-shirt and pulled down my sorts and
pants. My cock is about seven and a half inches when fully erect and quite thick
in circumference. As I am sure you can imagine, with all this excitement going
on my cock was at maximum length!

The next thing I did was purely just to let her know what she was in for. I
walked over to the bed that was in front of her and put down the knife. I could
have put it any were but I wanted her to see my cock. I wanted her to see the
length so that, psychologically, she was fully aware what she was in for when
her knickers were removed. I saw the fear in her eyes as I walked back towards
her, my cock and balls swinging to and fro.

The girl was squealing into her gag and the pitch of her squeal went up a note
as I grabbed her panties at the waistband and ripped them apart exposing her
white spread buttocks, cunt lips and arse hole. The panties fell to the floor.

"To work" I said, and I pushed my victim forward so that her body and face was
resting on the table. She was naked, bent over and unable to get back up because
her hands were secured behind her back.

I kneeled down behind her spread arse and opened her cunt lips. I massaged her
crack for a little while to see if she would get damp. I then worked my fingers
up to her clitoris and rubbed gently as whilst I was taking her by force, it was
not really my intention to physically harm her (mentally perhaps yes). She did
start to moisten a little bit but not as much as I had hoped. I got down between
her open thighs and licked her cunt. I thought she would taste salty and sweaty
after a night out but surprisingly she tasted quite sweet. Eventually her body
gave into my tongue teasing and I could smell that sexual odour as her juices
began to flow.

I stood up, placed my cock at her cunt opening and gently pushed in. It was a
tight fit but she was juiced up enough to take my cock right up to the balls.
Oooh it felt so good. I worked my way in and out and it wasn't long before I
felt the urge to cum. Just as I came I rammed my cock in as far as I could. I
let out a moan and she screamed.

I pulled out satisfied that my first ejaculation inside that bitch had been
achieved.  "I hope my hot seed has warmed you up," I laughed. White cum dripped
from her cunt onto the floor and trickled down the insides of her legs.

I thought I would be 'spent' for at least an hour or so but surprisingly, the
aching feeling had not ceased and my cock was still rock hard. This girl was
here purely for my amusement and mine for the taking in any way I wanted.

I grabbed a bottle of baby lotion and began smearing it around her arse hole.
"Ever done anal before" She shook her head and seemed to be pleading through her
gag. I stopped and pulled my victim upright by the hair and for the first time
that evening I removed the ball gag.

"Please no more please let me go" "You will be set free soon enough," I said "So
you don't want my cock up your arse then?" No, please not that" "Well you will
have to do something else for me instead" I told her " Do you suck cock?" She
did not respond. "Well let's make a deal. You suck my cock and I will leave that
sweat arse of yours alone agreed?" The girl reluctantly nodded her head. I
walked over to the bed and picked up the knife. Then I climbed onto the table
and kneeled on it in front of the girl. There would have to be some adjustment
in height so that her sweet mouth could reach my cock, I thought. "Now to fulfil
your part of the deal you are required to suck my cock until I cum, and not a
drop of spunk must be wasted, you must swallow it all. If you waste any the deal
will be off. If I feel your teeth then you can say goodbye to your throat" I
said pointing the knife towards her.  "Right, lets see that mouth of yours open
and lets bring you down so that you can get a mouthful."

I moved my self back along the table and bent the girl forward until her mouth
was at the tip of my cock. I shuffled myself forward as her mouth opened and her
lips engulfed my swollen member.

She must have had some experience in this field because she was actually quite
good. I made it difficult for her by ramming it down her throat and she coughed
and gagged. It did not take long before my balls tightened and I dispensed a
flood of hot seed into the girl's mouth. I removed my cock and watched as she
swallowed all of my fluid. "Thanks" I said, "that was good"

I removed myself from the table and I placed the ball gag back on my victim. Her
mouth had served its purpose and had no further use for now.

I stood behind the girl. Two orgasms and my cock still wasn't satisfied. The
baby oil that I had applied around the girl's arsehole had mixed with my cum
that was oozing from her cunt, and her arse cheeks and the inside of her legs
were soaked and her body smelt of baby oil and raw sex.

"I'm afraid I'm goanna have to go back on my word. My cock still needs to come
and there is only one fresh hole for me to put it" The girl objected as I pushed
her head onto the table. The baby lotion had had enough time to soak in to the
girl's arse but I still soaked my hard cock in lotion in order to add extra
lubrication.

The girl screamed as I worked the head of my cock into her tight hole. The
muscles seemed to be working against me, trying to reject the unwanted object,
but inch-by-inch I worked my cock further inside her arse. After three quarters
of my penis was inside the tight hole the muscles suddenly relaxed making it
easier to move and I was able to bang my cock in and out with little
restriction. My victim was motionless slumped over the table and I got the
impression that she had given up any form of resistance. I finally came inside
the girl's tight arse. It was the third ejaculation of the night and I was well
spent.

I took a shower in front of my restrained victim. After getting dressed, I
un-cuffed the girl and made her take a shower and gave her the clothes to put
back on. I gave her a drink and a bit to eat and then cuffed one of her ankles
to a long chain connected to the bed, which would allow her enough 'freedom' to
use the toilet.

Well, that is an account of how I totally fucked my first victim. Later that
morning, following a good sleep, I telephoned my contact and arranged a time and
location after sunset to meet up and 'trade' the girl. I met my contacts in a
deserted lay-by some 20 miles away. I was told that the girls could be delivered
naked in future that would not be a problem. They took the girl away in lorry; I
took away a large sum of money. 

 MY SECOND VICTIM

Several days after abducting my first victim, the local television stations
began reporting on a missing girl 'possibly abducted' according to news reports.
A witness had reported a white van in the vicinity (like mine of course) so I
decided to get rid of the van. I drove south for 40 miles and torched the
vehicle in the heart of a run down housing estate. There were plenty of burnt
out vehicles in and around the roads so attention would not be bought
particularly to mine. I purchased a taxicab from the local auctions and then
drove back to the lock-up near my house. I managed to fit a second hand pay
meter and a taxi sign on top of the roof of the vehicle. The taxi would be a
good way of luring my victims, although it would not be a good idea for the
vehicle to be seen at the house too often.

Television reports regarding the missing girl subsided after a few days. The
Head teacher of the University went on T.V and appealed for girl students in
particular, to be careful when out after dark and not to travel alone. But you
know what these youngsters are like; they don't take notice of this sort of
crap.

I set out to my favourite seaside resort just after 10PM and arrived there at
about 11.  I picked up two girls who had just left a pub that was situated close
to the University. Both girls were brunettes, one with long hair, the other
quite short. One of them asked to be taken to Chistleham, a new(ish) housing
estate on the outskirts of the town. The shorthaired girl got out when we
arrived and the other said that she would pay her share when she got to her
destination. I knew she would pay okay!

I drove off with instructions from the brunette to go to some fucking place, I
don't recall. All I was interested in was stopping the car and securing the girl
before she thought something was up. I pulled into a dark deserted car park on
route with an excuse that I needed a map from the boot. I surprised and
overpowered the girl and gagged and restrained her accordingly, then drove back
to the house and parked up in the garage. The time was now 12.45AM.

I helped the girl down into the basement. She was a little shorter and a bigger
build then my first victim and it looked like she had a bigger pair of tits
under her anorak judging by the lumps. She had lightly curled hair down to her
shoulders. Her face was slightly tanned and she was still wearing a blindfold.

I un-cuffed her wrists and then helped her out of the anorak. She did not
struggle. With her coat removed I could see that she was wearing a white polar
neck jumper and a black skirt down to her knees. It looked like she was wearing
stockings but probably tights. I chained one of her ankles to the bed and then
went up stairs to get ready. I returned minutes later wearing only a pair of
shorts and my leather balaclava. I took with me a studded leather collar for my
victim to wear and some rope.

The girl had removed the blindfold and was sitting on the bed. Her dark green
eyes looked at me in fear. This only turned me on more and my cock was straining
beneath my shorts and she could see it.

I pushed the whimpering girl face down on the bed while I hand cuffed her wrists
together behind her. I then un-coupled the ankle restraint and walked her over
to the end of the table. Whilst she was facing me I made her spread her legs
wide apart while I secured her ankles to the table legs. I put my hand up
between her legs and confirmed that she was wearing tights. The girl just looked
on in fright.

I used the knife to cut through the neck of the jumper and then ripped open the
front of the garment. The girl was wearing a red lacy bra and her tits must have
been at least a size 38D. She moaned quietly into her gag and tears trickled
down her face.  I cut through the arms of the jumper and pulled it off her. The
bitch was now standing there, hands cuffed behind her back, legs spread wide and
wearing only a red bra, skirt and tights.

I cut through the hem of the skirt and it fell to the floor. I pulled the tights
down from around her waste and her matching red panties and aggressively tugged
the material from her legs until it split and fell away from her. I then
attached the studded leather collar with ring attachments around the girl's
neck.

The next part I could not wait for. I cut through the shoulder straps of the bra
and hooked my knife in between her tits and cut through the fastener between the
cups. The material fell instantly to the floor and the girl' big breasts with
big dark brown areoles fell free. I wasted no time in ripping away her knickers
revealing a triangle of black pubic hair and red cunt lips.

I attached a piece of rope through the rear ring attachment in the girl's collar
and pulled the rope down between her cuffed wrists. This brought the girl's neck
back and made her push her chest out to compensate. I then secured the rope to
the cuffs. Her tits were no thrust out into the air as if the girl's was
offering them to me. Her nipples hardened as I sucked first one and then the
other and her clean body smelt of bath sorts. I applied bay lotion to her chest
and the girl was an amazing sight, the girl stood there, tits thrust forward and
glistening in the light.

I undid the ankle restraints and placed her bottom on the table and pushed back
her head and torso until her body was resting uncomfortably on her cuffed wrists
and arms. Her red cunt was right on the edge of the surface and her legs were
dangling in the air. I held them up and apart whilst I tongued her cunt and then
I withdrew when I thought there was enough moisture and pulled down my shorts.

I thrust my swollen member into her moist slit. She struggled a bit but I held
her legs wide apart and threatened to cut her if she did not co-operate. I used
her cunt for several minutes but withdrew without ejaculating. I was feeling
tired and decided that I would save my cum for my favourite hole.

First of all, I rolled the girl onto her side and removed the wrist restraints.
I then placed her onto her back again. I then brought her left leg up towards
her body and secured the ankle to her left arm with a pair of cuffs. I repeated
the procedure with the right leg. This strained her buttocks away from the table
surface and made her arse hole accessible. Then, in order to keep her in this
position, I placed a length of rope through a ring in the collar and fastened it
to the restrained girl's leg and ankle restraints so that it would apply
uncomfortable pressure to her neck if she tried to bring her legs and arms down. 

With her arse ring exposed to me I applied baby lotion around the opening and
then forced the moisture inside using one then two fingers and applied the
lotion to my throbbing cock. I was looking forward to arse fucking her in this
position because I would be able to see my victims facial reactions.

The girl knew what I was doing and tried to struggle but she could not move her
legs down without risking a neck injury. Her eyes were pleading as she felt the
tip of my cock nestling in the entrance to her most sacred hole. I leaned
forward to tongue her breast nipples as I worked me hips forward, forcing my
cock into her hole. By the time I was halfway in she was screaming with pain,
and a spray of urine escaped from her virginal opening soaking my cock and
balls. Her body was covered in beads of perspiration.

I worked my cock in and out for about five minutes. The tightness of the hole
finally got the better of me and I finally dumped my load of hot sperm deep
inside her rectum. She put up a last desperate struggle as my hot sperm as it
hit the walls of her bowel.

I climbed off knowing that I had raped the girl to the extent that I required.
Tomorrow, I would arrange to hand the girl over to my connection and several
days later I would be out looking for another victim.

To be continued.




ANOTHER VICTIM Part 2

Some weeks had passed since I had raped and humiliated my last victim, the
longhaired brunette with large breasts, in my basement. I had passed her on to
my connections the very next day. Furthermore, I had disposed of the taxi
vehicle that day as well, on a piece of waste ground some 50 miles away from my
house, because knew it would only be a matter of time before the girl's
disappearance would be linked to the vehicle, especially as the last person to
see her was the girl I had dropped off in Chistleham before I'd made the
abduction.

News reports on the radio and telly several days after the abduction were
suggesting that there was a link between the disappearance of the two girls
(they were right there!) and, sure enough, Police wanted to question the Taxi
driver from the night the girl was last seen. Furthermore, Police had put up
warnings for university girls in the resort where I had been stalking my victims
to be careful. Therefore, I decided to a town further up the coast called
Middillington, which was stacked with bars and discos for the youth of the town.
In fact, the night life was so good there that it also attracted club goers from
surrounding areas.

However, before finding my next rape victim, I wanted to add some extra
furnishings to my basement, as I was getting bored of shagging girls over the
table and wanted to add some 'spice' to the humiliation and degradation of my
victims.

I bought what they call a 'fucking machine' from a Dutch catalogue. The machine
was basically an electric motor and linkage mounted on height adjustable tubular
framing. When switched on, it moved a long metal rod mounted in a tubular sleeve
backwards and forwards at adjustable lengths. It came with a set of ejaculating
dildos of all shapes and sizes that could be mounted on the end. I also fixed up
some restraints in front of the machine to restrain a victim. I also picked
myself up some spreader bars and a trestle amongst other things.

I picked up a cheap second hand saloon vehicle from the auction and then spent
several evenings in and around Middllington, getting to know the local bars and
clubs. I noticed that a lot of potential 'victims' made their way home from the
pubs and clubs in two's unless there were fellow's in tow!

With my research complete, I went down to my lock-up garage several miles from
the house and drove the car down to Middllngton in search of my next victim. It
had been several weeks since the last one and it winter had now turned into
spring and the weather was a bit milder. My cock had missed those tight pussies,
mouths and arseholes it had experienced, so, tonight was to be the night.

I arrived in Middlington town centre at about 11.00pm. The pubs were about to
close and all those not going onto nightclubs would be on their way home. I
parked the car and followed a long blonde girl and her dark haired friend by
foot. My aim was to follow for half a mile or so to see if they split up. If so,
I would run back for the car and see if I could catch up with one. I quite
fancied the blonde. She was wearing a leather coat and thigh high boots and
looked about 18. With the boots on she was about 5ft 8 inches tall.

I trailed some distance behind and watched them give each other a peck on the
cheek as they went their separate ways. I couldn't believe it. Things seemed to
be going to plan so far.

I saw which direction the blonde went in before I dashed back for the car. She
was walking out of the centre of town so at least it there would be less people
about.

As I drove up behind the girl I noticed that she was trying to hitch a lift from
passing motor vehicles.

"Silly bitch" I said, "If only she knew what was coming" as I stopped the car.

"Jump in" I said opening the front passengers door

"Thanks" The blonde girl got into the car. As she swung her legs into the foot
well her leather coat rode up her legs revealing that she was wearing a skirt or
a dress of a length that did not come down to her knees. My cock began to
harden.

"Where are you heading?" I asked

"Townsend Road, are you passing that way?"

"Sure, it's about a couple of miles ahead isn't it? " I said

"Yes" She smelt of alcohol and there was a musky smell of cigarettes and cheap
cologne.

"You haven't got any cigarettes have you" She asked.

"Sure" I said "they are in the boot" Let me just pull off into this lay-by and I
will get you one"

I pulled off the road into what appeared to be a gravel track where it was a bit
darker and deserted. The girl did not appear suspicious. She just wanted a
smoke!

I opened the car door and went round to the boot of the car and opened it. I
then went round to the passenger's door.

"Here you are" I said and belted her lightly in the face to startle her and then
pushed her head against the dashboard. The girl whimpered and groaned and whilst
she was confused I cuffed her wrists together behind her back. A flash of my
combat knife in front of her face was enough to convince her to open her mouth
to accept the bull gag.

With the gag secure, I made sure there was no one about before I pulled the girl
out of the car and walked her to the rear of the car and pushed her into the
boat. The girl was moaning through her gag as I closed the lid. I then started
on the journey home with my cock aching with desire.

An hour and a half later, I arrived back at the house and parked up in the
garage and closed the door behind me. It was now about 1.30am and I could not
wait to get started on my victim.

I had forgotten to blindfold the girl before I had placed her in the boot so I
went to get my leatherhead mask before letting the girl out. I prefer to remain
'anonymous' just in case something goes wrong and the victim gets free.
Admittedly, phyrensic evidence could convict me in a court of law, if I was to
be caught, but at least a mask would help prevent a positive ID.

I opened the boot of the car. The girl was lying on her side. She winced as her
eyes strained to get accustomed to the bright light. I helped her out of the
car. She was breathing heavily and had been crying and her black eye shadow and
mascara had run down her face. There was also a bit of blood around her nose
from when I had striked her earlier.   Other than that, she was an attractive
thin blond who reminded me a bit of the model Rachel Hunter. To be honest I have
never fancied Rods ex-wife or had any desire for her, as fit as she is. It just
happened that the girl I had picked up looked a bit like her!

 The girl had a chest on her, possibly not the biggest of my victims, but there
was certainly a bulging chest under that leather coat of hers. There was a look
of fear on her face when she noticed I was wearing a full head mask.

She turned away from me when I tried to wipe away the blood and clean her face
up with a tissue whilst she was leaning against the car. Seems daft really.
There I am about to fuck her any way I like without her consent and yet I am
feeling sorry about punching the bitch in the nose!

I walked her through an internal door into the hallway of the house and down the
staircase into the windowless basement. I switched on the lights over the table,
the bed and the fucking machine. I think she 'got the picture' for sure when she
saw the furniture, devices and restraints. She began to shriek through her gag,
which didn't bother me because the room was sound proof. I just cuffed her right
ankle to the bed and left the room in order to prepare myself.

I had a look through the girl's handbag, which had been left in the boot of the
car. A driver's license and bankcards revealed that her name was Georgia Curtis
born eighteen and a half years ago. It was a Middlington address on her driving
license. There was also a small photograph of her and a good-looking bloke of a
similar age embracing each other. Georgia was pouting in the photograph and she
looked quite sexy. Whether this guy was the current boy friend or not, I
reckoned that he would have loved to do the things that I was about to do to the
pouting bitch.

There was a small amount of cash in her handbag, which I kept of course.
Otherwise, any close, except underwear if I had not ripped them off my victim,
were disposed off, usually by discreet bonfire at this house and at my
boni-fi-del residence 80 miles away.

I returned to the basement and approached the sobbing Georgia.

"Georgia, stand up and remove your coat," I said.

The girl looked at me pleading to be let go. No action was taken by the girl to
remove the coat.

I asked her nicely once more, but she tried to plead through her gag and did
nothing to comply with my request.

Wasting no more time, I approached the 18 year old, undid her ankle cuff and
marched her to the table. Facing me, I cuffed her right 'booted' ankle to the
table and then the left ankle. I reckoned that my fast action had taken her by
surprise and there was little struggle.

It was a pity to ruin such an expensive leather coat, but it no longer had a
value as far as I was concerned yet it had to be removed from the girl. She
glared at me as I unbuttoned the jacket revealing a burgundy strapless dress
down to her knees. Call me lazy but I couldn't be fucked to remove the jacket
properly so I used my combat knife, in full view of the girl, to slice through
the back of the jacket and cut around her bound arms to remove the totally
fucked tattered jacket from the girl facing me, ankles attached to the table
with her legs spread.

With the girl still clothed, I removed the ball gag and said, " Do as you are
told and you won't be harmed and will be let free"

"Please don't hurt me," she begged " I will do anything," The girl cried openly,
tears running down her face.

"Okay" I said. " I have a different gag to put in your mouth. Any struggle and
there could be trouble"

To begin with the girl must have thought it was the ball gag, but it was a clamp
fitted deep inside her mouth to keep her jaw open.  With her mouth open the
apparatus were pushed deep inside her open mouth. Straps that emerged either
side of her mouth were tied at the back of the blonde girl's head to prevent the
victim from rejecting the device. The straps uncomfortably stretched her mouth
wide and prevented Georgia from closing her mouth or clenching her teeth.

With the girl stood facing me, clamped to the front legs of the table with her
mouth clamped wide open, I pulled the burgundy dress from the girl's titties and
sliced through it down to the waist using my combat knife. With the clothing
removed from her upper half I noted that she was wearing a white bra covering
breasts that must have been a size 32D. She had a nice tight flat stomach and a
ring through her belly button. I pulled the rest of the dress down her long
white legs leaving Georgia in just her knickers and bra. She gagged and tried to
make noises and saliva trailed out of her mouth as clamp prevented her from
swallowing properly.

I undid Georgia from the table and took the sobbing girl to the other side of
the room. She saw the large dildo positioned on a machine that looked capable of
'ramming a women". In front of the machine was a long bench of a similar height
(approximately 1 metre high) that would allow the girl to be fucked from the
front, or behind, subject to adjustment.

I lowered Georgia onto the bench that was only 12 inches wide and adjusted her
body until her arse was parallel with one end of the bench. Her head was resting
on the other end of the bench and her arms were still securely tied behind her
back with her legs dangling free behind her. Her titties, still in their bra,
dangled either side of the narrow bench. Georgia fidgeted as she tried to make
herself comfortable.

I placed a 1.5 metre long spreader bar at the end of the bench and moved first
her left leg out to the side of her and then her right and then shackled an
ankle to each end of the bar. I then secured the bar to an iron ring that I had
recently concreted into the floor of the basement to prevent her from moving her
rear end.

I stopped to admire my handy work. Georgia looked quite a sight laying face down
on the bench wearing only knickers and bra, with her hands cuffed behind her
back her legs spread out each side. Her face was facing the bench and saliva
dripped from her open mouth.

Next, I placed another spreader bar of the same length at the front of the
bench. I un-cuffed her wrists and brought her arms out each side parallel with
her shoulders. I cuffed a wrist to each end of the bar and then secured the bar
to an iron ring cemented into the floor of the basement. The girl was now spread
eagled wearing only her underwear, and the restraints prevented her from moving
more than an inch.

Using my combat knife I sliced through the back of her bra and it fell away from
her body allowing her breasts to fall free. The remains of the useless garment
were trapped between the girl and the bench. I pulled this away from the girl
and discarded it on the floor.

I got down on my knees to examine her breasts. They looked quite big hanging
there with her large pink areolas. Georgia gurgled and winced as I took a nipple
in each hand and rolled them through my fingers until they hardened.

Next, I paid attention to the remaining garment the girl was wearing; her
knickers. Using my combat knife I sliced through the hem of the garment and
continued to slice through the spread of her buttocks and crutch exposing a pink
arsehole and cunt. Short blonde hairs lined the opening to her gorgeous crack. I
yanked the rest of the garment from underneath the girl and sliced through to
the hem. The knickers had been sliced into two, and they fell either side of
her.

I was pleased with my handy work because the position of the girl's bottom and
side spread legs distorted her small white arse leaving her cunt hole and
arsehole in just the right position.

I pulled the fucking machine closer to the rear end of the girl and adjusted the
machine so that the 9-inch long medium fat dildo attached to the end was
parallel with her cunt hole. Using a needless surgical syringe, I sprayed baby
oil around her cunt and inside for lubrication. The girl grunted as saliva
dripped from her mouth.

With the girl's cunt well oiled, I positioned the machine so that the head of
the cock shaped dildo penetrated the lips of the girl's snatch. She grunted and
tried to dislodge the object but her secured legs and arms prevented her from
moving. I worked the cock shaped dildo two inches into the girl's oiled cunt as
I knew that the machine, when switched on, would penetrate another 4 inches and
I thought that 6 inches would be enough for the girl to begin with.

I programmed the fucking machine to deliver 20 strokes a minute for the first
five minutes, increasing to 30 strokes per minute for the next three followed by
40 per minute after that. I had also programmed the machine to penetrate by a
further inch after the first five minutes and another inch after the next three
and increasing by another 2 inches after that. So, after eleven minutes the girl
should be experiencing a full ten inches of cock shuttling in and out of her
pussy.

I switched the machine on and it whirled into life. The cock slowly travelled 4
inches inside the girl's lubricated pussy and then came out 4 inches. The girl
screamed as the mechanical rape began and she cried.


I walked over and kneeled down in front of her. She looked a sorry sight with
her mouth wide open and her long knotted blonde hair hanging either side of the
bench.

" I will leave you to it for now" I said "enjoy the fuck" She tried to say
something as the penis shuttled in and out but the mouth restraint prevented
speech and I closed the door behind me as I left the basement to take a shower,
leaving the girl to endure the mechanical rape.

I could not wait to get out of my clothes, as my cock was fully erect due to all
the excitement. I quickly showered and then returned to the basement wearing
just the mask.

The girl was still enduring the first five minutes of the rape. There were beads
of sweat on her back and forehead and she let out a small moan each time the
mechanical cock took the plunge. There was a gooey mess beneath the girl's
crotch where a mixture of baby oil and her own fluids had dripped from her pussy
and the plunging cock onto the floor. I was not sure whether she had reached
orgasm yet.

The first five minutes of the ordeal passed and suddenly the machine quickened
the pace. A long with the increase in pace the cock began to penetrate a further
inch into the Georgia's hole. She appeared to have been enduring the first five
minutes quite well and seemed to have adjusted quite well to the unwanted
object.

The increase in rhythm and penetration came unexpectantly and she shrieked as
the mechanical cock rammed inside another inch every thrust. Beads of sweat
covered her back and her forehead was red hot. I got down on to the floor and
tongued and teased her left nipple. The nipple was very hard and Georgia was
groaning constantly

I then went round to the front of the girl and positioned my hips so that my
groin was in front of the girl's face and I pulled her head up by her hair so
that she could see my big throbbing erection. Her face was a picture of horror
as I placed the tip of my red raw cock inside the girl's mouth. With the clamp
holding her jaw open there was no fear of teeth as I pushed my cock inside her
mouth until the head was at the back of her throat. She began to gag on the
object and the use of her tongue to try helplessly to dislodge the member only
increased my enjoyment.

The rhythm of the fucking machine stepped-up once more and Georgia now had to
endure the quick thrusts of the machine and a penetration length of 10 full
inches, as well as a human cock fucking her face. I could see from the look in
Georgia's eyes that she was half in a state of pain and half in a state of
ecstasy.

Suddenly, I could hold back no longer. My balls and cock went completely taught
as I orgasamed sending a spray of hot seed into the back of the girl's throat. I
pulled her hair as my cock pumped continued to pump my hot sperm around her
mouth. Blobs of semen fell from her mouth as she tried to eject the seed, but
most of it was swallowed.

I removed my cock from her mouth and switched the fucking machine off. The girl
sighed with relief as the cock was removed from her aching sore twat. The girl's
ordeal was not over as I prepared Georgia for her next ordeal.

Taking the surgical syringe, I smeared baby lotion around her anal opening and
inside her anal passage. There seemed to be little reaction from the girl during
this anal probing and I rather gathered that she had come to terms with her
ordeal.

I removed the soiled probe from the fucking machine and replaced it with a long
thinner dildo. I sprayed the new dildo with baby oil to help with lubrication.
Then I adjusted the height of the machine so that the probe was at the same
height as the girl's arse hole. I then moved the machine forward so that the tip
of the dildo was just inside the entrance to her shit hole. Now Georgia was
alarmed at the anal intrusion and she tried to buck her arse up and down in
defiance but the restraints held her in position.

"Listed Georgia" I said " I have programmed the machine to thrust very slowly
and a little at a time. The first thrust will be an inch, the second thrust two
inches, the third thrust three inches and so on. You get the idea?" She just
moaned and tried to speak but the words that came out were incoherent.

I was only going to let the dildo go 6 inches inside the girl. I was using the
machine to get the girl used to anal sex. My cock was erect and ready for action
and it was my intention to waste my self inside the girl's cute arse.

I switched the machine on and the tip of the dildo thrusted an inch into the
girl's arse. Her muscles tightened as the dildo returned for it's second and
deeper thrust and Georgia yelled as she fault against the anal intrusion but the
machine won as it disappeared an inch deeper into the girl's arse.

"Don't fight the machine" I told her " try to relax, you can't win"

The machine slowly thrust the dildo forward for the third time and the whole of
the girl's body seemed to go rigid as the fake cock disappeared an inch further.
By the time the fifth inch of the dildo had penetrated and emerged, I noticed
that it was looking smutty and shitty and I was glad that the device was
cleaning the girl out ready for me!

My swollen cock could wait no longer. I turned the machine off and pulled it
away from the girl and baby oil seeped from the gaping hole that was once her
tight spinnaker. The circumference of the dildo I had used was not as large as
my cock and the girl was bound to feel the stretch of her anal lining as I
mounted her but, nevertheless, it would have been more difficult for me to have
fucked her virgin arse if I hadn't used the machine first.

I positioned my self behind the girl's arse and pushed the head of my penis into
the hole. More grunts and noises of protest could be heard from my captive as I
thrust my cock deeper into the girl's anus. Soon, she was taking the full length
of my member as I plunged in and out of the girl. Georgia lost control of her
bladder and a stream of urine flowed from her bladder covering my balls legs and
the floor of the basement.

The tightness of her anal passage got the better of me sooner than I had hoped
and my cock ejaculated it's hot sperm into her arse. I kept my cock in as far as
it would go whilst it pumped and twitched, and the inside of her rectum seemed
like a flooded mine shaft!

I removed my cock and wiped it clean with a nearby cloth. Sperm and bodily
fluids leaked from the girl's anus. It was approaching 4am in the morning and I
knew that a missing girl report would probably be lodged with the Police
sometime in the next 24 hours and things would be a bit hot for me probably in
the next few days.

I realised the clamp from the girl's mouth and told her not to speak. I then
removed all clamps and restraints from the girl's body and helped her off the
bench. I then made her use the toilet before taking a well-earned shower. I gave
her a t-shirt and shorts to wear and gave her something to eat and then put her
to bed in the basement restrained by nothing more than a long chain attached
from her ankle to the wall.

It was nearly 5am when I turned into bed. I had to phone my contacts sometime
that day in order to arrange for the girl to be transferred. Hopefully I would
be able to off-load Georgia either that day or the day after. I would also have
to decide whether to ditch the present vehicle and get another one.

I drifted off to sleep that morning realising that I had fucked and sodimised my
third victim and there was certainly no turning back!

To be continued.......................perhaps!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





