BDSM Library - From Therapy to Depravity




From Therapy to Depravity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Due to her unsucessful sexual life, she went to a therapist talking about her recent kidnap. But this only got her to sink even deeper.
Another Story from PAGAN

From Therapy to Depravity

As the rather large balding 50 year old man rolled off the beautiful 28 year old
woman,she was grateful he had cum quickly and only a little, she had made the
correct noise`s to make him think she had cum too,in fact it was three months
since she had an orgasm and living like this was hell for her,she must make the
most of this marriage,it had got to work so there and then she decided to visit
the therapist,she had seen the advert in a high quality magazine and now was as
good a time as any.

Tuesday at two she arrived at the address, the brass plate with a name D,Mathews
followed by lots of letters,looked promising so she entered and went into the
waiting room.She was the only one there and the receptionist,I very attractive
woman in her thirties took her into the consulting room where she was meet by
another good looking if not a little masculine featured brunet who introduced
herself as,Doreen Mathews consultant,"Mrs Tracy Renaldo,please take a seat,how
may I help you," As Tracy took a deep breath and started so Mathews pressed a
small button under her desk to activate the tape recorder.

"I know it sounds silly but it`s my home life and the sex that`s involved in
it,"she took another deep breath as Mathews nodded for her to continue,"It all
steams from my childhood,as you consulates always say they do,  I went to a top
girls school,never anything to do with sex in fact celibate,but at home my
sister",she stopped,"eerrrrr look this goes no further than this room,"Mathews
slowly nodded,"My sister was being abused by my father,because of it she tried
to kill herself but ended up paralysed and I feel I left her to this fate, so I
must pay for her care.To be honest I married for money and I have been taking
it,in large amounts without his knowledge for years,my father would go to prison
if this came out and that would kill my mother,I,m in a  catch 22 position."

"My husband,please don`t get me wrong on this I,m very fond of him,  but that`s
it,no love,in fact I hate it when he touches me but he is a very clever man,a
scientist,let me be honest a wealthy scientist, a nice man who just wants a
little normal sex now and again,that I can handle,it was three months ago it all
went wrong,it was,"she broke down,Mathews was at her side,"Look Mrs Renaldo or 
may I call you Tracey,have a drink,I make it with spiceal herbs and I,ll give
you a small injection just to relax you,don`t worry this goes no further than
us,"as Mathews prepared the mixtures she admired the beauty in front of
her,perfect legs,clad in smoke coloured stockings disappeared up her pleated
skirt towards a tight flat stomach she had a pert full round bottom,slim waist
that filled up to large firm breasts that didn`t need support and a face of rare
beauty,slightly pouted lips,cute button nose and doleful brown eyes all framed
in waves of brown hair,a true beauty,Mathews sat back in the chair and
waited,soon the injection and the drink had Tracey totaly calm.

"Where was I,oh yes three months ago,we were sitting relaxing,we had just come
home and I had changed into my house dress when four masked gunmen broke in,they
wanted some formula that Hugo had got,he told them it was at the lab and the
diagrams would take three days to get,they said no problem they would take me as
hostage,I would be unharmed if every thing went right and he would get me back
when the ransom,that of the formula, was handed over,one of them would stay with
him to make sure no police were involved,suddenly my wrists were bound behind
me,my mouth taped over, a hood over my head and I was bundled into a car and
driven to, I know not where".

The drugs were making it easy for Tracey to talk,it was as though it was
happening as though she was back there,"I don`t know where I am,we have been
driving a while then the tyres make a crunching noise and we stopped, I think I
can hear water,I was pulled out and pushed and pulled up a set of stairs and
through a door,then another door, then sat,my hood was pulled off but they had
their masks on,I looked around,it was a cabin,it looked lived in but I guessed
not by them as they were looking round too".

Mathews let her sip some more drink before begging her continue,"They are
talking to each other in whispers as one came up to me,you are going to be
allright,if you don`t cause trouble than nether will we,I,m going to get some
shut-eye as I have things to do later the boy`s will be around,don`t worry about
them I promise no harm will come to you, the money for this job is to
good,allright I will see you later and we will feed you and get you comfy for
the night,I hope it won`t be too long and you husband does his part of the
bargain quickly,see you later."

"I felt happier as he left,the others kept whispering and looking in different
rooms,one of them had a big smile on his face when he came out of the kitchen
his mate asked him what he was smiling about he said tell you, no show you
later,then they sat behind me still whispering this must have gone on for ten
minutes then suddenly they are up and one of them is listening at the door to
the other room and I hear,He`s asleep,then they both come towards me,I,m stood
up and my gag is checked and two more pieces of tape are put on,they make
certain my hands are well fastened,with out warning,I,m picked up, my legs are
lifted and I,m carried into another room I,m struggling but their far to
strong,they put me down in what would be the dining room and push me back on to
the table,holding me, they look at each other,I don`t think he will hear but we
better be quick,I stare at them but they just stare back at me."

Mathews could see her mood change and buzzed for her receptionist,they asked
Tracey if she would be more comfortable lying on the couch,Tracey said she would
and the two women help her on and Mathews gave her another injection and in time
a very relaxed almost dreamy Tracy Renaldo continued her story,"Their masks with
the evil eye holes and grinning mouths came close to me as I struggled,Don`t
fight lady,look at this,it was a picture of me with Hugo on holiday,both of us
in swim wear,Don`t you look good,when we saw what we would be guarding we knew
we would have to see what the bumps and hollows were under that swim suit so
just lay still while we do,a hand immediately undid three buttons on the top of
my dress and slid in cupping my breasts,playing on my nipple as the other
started it`s way up under my dress onto my leg,I tried to twist and turn but the
hand carried on up,he smiled at me as he stroked my inner thigh,Don`t fight, we
are going to have you,married to that old fart we recken you could do with a
good seeing to and we are going to fuck you right now so just keep still while
we enjoy you.

Mathews noticed the perspiration on Tracey forehead and how wet her lips where
also her body was moving slightly,Tracey swallowed and continued,"His hand was
now pushed into my pants and stroking my pussie,he said to the other,Her cunt
hairs are  soft and you wait till you see these lips they feel so full ether
side of a very tight slit,this has got to be seen to be believed,leave her tit`s
alone and come here,hold her legs up,that's it right up while I pull her pants
to one side,oh yes look at that,as one held my legs together and bent up the
other was fingering all over my pussie and even pushing into my bottom,he
whispered,Both her holes are as tight and don`t they look good enough to
eat,hold her,let me give it a suck,I want to tongue her then I,m going to fuck
her, you can have her after,I felt him licking me,I would never let Hugo do that
I thought oral sex filthy but his tongue was in me pushing,he stopped then I
felt him,oh no the end was so big and I felt as if I would be torn in half as he
pushed and pushed,suddenly he was in me filling me I had never felt anything so
big before and it was in me,I thought he was all in but then he rammed and more
filled me,it must have been twice the size of Hugo's,then he slid slowly out
before ramming me again,then slowly out before he thumped back and that's how he
fucked me,there was no kindness just pure lust. At first it hurt but as I got
wet it got easier and he was touching place`s in me for the first time".


"His ramming became faster and faster I had to lay there looking up at this mask
with a grinning mouth when he pulled out and squirted him self all over my the
backs of my legs and my bottom,the grin became wider,That was one good fuck,he
smiled down at me,Gemmy her legs you have some of her,she is one tight pussie
and the other man took his place,his slid in easy but the ramming was just as
hard.The first one turned to me,changed arms holding my legs with his right as
his left hand pushed into my dress top and he fondled my breast and rolled my
nipples between his fingers,As well as a  hot tight cunt you got great tit`s  is
there anything about you that ain`t perfect for fucking,he turned to the other
one,Ain`t she got a fuckable hot tight cunt,as the ramming got harder his mate
shouted,Oh yes as he pulled out and covered me,this time, with his juice.

The first one dropped my legs and told him not to shout, he made him go and
listen at the door again saying,I don`t want him awake yet I got one more
surprise for our guest,I lay there wondering what next, he came back from the
door, pulled the top of my dress open and bent down,He`s still in the land of
nod so I,m going to have me some more fun and suck me some tasty tittie`s,I
couldn`t see the other one, he had gone back into the kitchen and when he came
out I could hear him but my view was covered by this animal chewing at my
nipples.

He came into my view at the same time the one sucking my nipples looked up,What
you got there,I could see,it was a cucumber, a tin and a bottle,he was getting
his cock out,he put the cucumber against it,Look about the right length Mrs
Renaldo, you seemed to be able to take all of mine up that cunt of yours,and he
broke off the cucumber at the same length as his cock,then he covered it in what
ever was in the bottle and then dipped it in the tin,he held it up,Look good to
you Mrs Renaldo,let`s see if it fits good,hold her leg,he stopped squeezing my
breasts and got a hold of my leg as did the other one until my legs were wide
apart,my pants were pulled to the side again and I could feel this thing being
forced in.

He turned to the other,You wanted to know what I was smiling at before,just wait
till she gets this up her,Cucumber-a-la Tabasco and chilli pepper,hot stuff,they
both laughed as they got it all the way in and pulled me up to sit on it.As they
dressed me I could feel it and when they made me walk back to the chair the
feeling was incredible, my walking was making it do all sorts of thing to me
inside and it was getting hot.

They sat me on the chair and fastened a rope around my neck to the back of the
chair then down under the chair pulling my ankles hard back before tying them
tight then my waist was tied to the bottom back stave and crossed over my
lap,finally my knees were tied together and then to ether side of the chair
holding me completely immobile,then they sat back as the heat in me became an
uncontrollable itch.

I moaned at them through my gag but they just enjoyed my suffering and this went
on getting worse as my already aroused pussie needed some sort of relief,I
jumped as the sound of short sharp beeps filled the room and in a couple of
moments the third one came into the room,Bloody hell you got her strung up
well,he looked me up and down as the other said,We wanted some shut eye too so
we made sure she was going nowhere,I looked at him and moaned, his mouth didn`t
look as evil as the other two,Don`t worry Mrs Renaldo they won`t touch you,I
have to go and sort some things out under the cover of darkness but I will be
back about ten in the morning,listen you two look after her tie her comfy for
the night and I,ll see you all in the morning,as he left one of them shouted,How
shall we tie her and where,he turned a scowled at them,Just keep her hands and
feet tied put her on the bed and loop a rope round her neck to the bed head and
make sure she has something to eat and is comfortable,I watched him go as the
burning inside became unbearable.

I heard the van drive away as they got up,one of them went to the bag and pulled
out some tape,Close your eyes or this will sting,I closed my eyes and they were
covered then I heard,Thank fuck for that, these masks are fucking stinking,then
there was silence I could hear then moving about, my dress was lifted and a hand
touched me between my legs,How's it going up there,nice and hot,it soon will
be,the other one joined in,Now what was it we had to do,put her on the bed and
feed her,I,ll feed her alright some nice long meat,how do you fancy that Renaldo
something nice to suck on,I couldn`t think straight the itch between my legs was
unbearable I could feel them untying me from the chair.

I was untied and stood up,Fancy another walk round the rooms Renaldo we know you
like it,it seems to do things to you,I tried to guess where they were and shook
my head,Oh come on just a little walk about,I felt the buttons on my dress
undone from top to bottom exposing my breasts and pants, I was pulled quickly
forward making the feeling start again,they were dragging me round by my
nipples,the rubbing between my legs was making me wet,much as I fought moans
were escaping from my throat and they knew I was aroused and I was pulled into
another room then pushed back falling onto a bed I felt them ether side of me,my
nipples were at their mercy again and my pants were being pulled down I was
disgusted with myself as I heard,Mrs Renaldo these are one wet pair of knickers
you obviously need a good fucking again this time we can take as long as we like
up that cunt of yours.

I felt fingers pulling at the tape on my mouth and after a sharp pull it was
off,I coughed and wet my lips as he said,No need to think of shouting no-one
will hear you,don`t  bother pleading with us we have decided to have some fun
with you,he slid his hand down between my leg and played with the end of the
cucumber as soon as it moved the coating sent me into an erotic state,For god
sake take it out, please don`t,have pity you don`t know what your doing to me,he
laughed,No but I have a bloody good idea,how's this feel,he rubbed the nub of my
cliterious and my body jerked upwards,Oh she likes that,he was still laughing he
knew how wet I was and how it was turning me on like I have never been before".

Mathews and Jane the receptionist looked at Tracy they could see her legs
squeezing together and they knew the sound of an aroused woman as the story
carried on,it became jerky between Tracie's heavy breathing,"Even the relentless
squeezing and chewing of my breasts and nipples were exciting me then he
said,You want it out,I bit my  lip and nodded,You will have to earn that,he
pushed his mate off and pulled me up to sit on it again,Feeding time,I heard his
mate say,Oh yes please,the sides of my face were gripped,I heard a zip go
down,Open that adorable mouth and get a mouthful of this,I had no choice and he
put his cock still with the taste of me on it,in my mouth and stated to shove,I
never imagined anything so horrid but here I was,for the first time in my life
giving oral sex to a man and I didn`t know him, while another was playing with
the end of a cucumber that was jammed up my pussie. 

"My head was being pulled back and forth he told me to lick under his cock as it
drove in my mouth,Come on baby got to teach you how to suck cock for if and when
we let you back to that old fart,get your tongue under it hold it there as I use
it to fuck your tonsils, all the time this was happening the other one was
wanking me, pushing my pussie hard back and with his other hand forcing my
bottom back again making me rock on the cucumber pushing it back and forth
inside me, the sensation was unbelievable I orgasmed as I hungrily sucked the
huge cock further down my throat even though I knew it would fill my mouth when
it came".

"He pulled out of me and said,She ain`t half bad, by the time she goes home I
reckon she could get it all in her mouth and more,you want some head,I heard the
other ones zip go down and waited but to my surprise I was pulled up and fingers
went between my legs and the cucmber was pulled out,it made the most desgusting
noise and I squealed making them laugh even more,On you knees and open wide,I
knelt and felt his cock on my lips I opened my mouth  and again I was sucking
another mans cock".

A smile was on Mathews and Jane's faces as they saw the excitement on Tracie's
face,her eyes were closed her legs parted her superb breasts were raising
stretching the blouse so her hard nipples pointed perfectly upwards you could
almost smell the sex in the room,Jane`s hand was on Mathews leg stroking upwards
as Tracey moistened her lips"As I knelt sucking I could feel hands in my pussie
and touching my bottom,I was still hot and the playing fingers were starting me
again,my hands were still tied and a cock was being pushed into them and a voice
whispered,Tickle my balls get me hard if you want another fucking you know your
cunts dripping for it,I could`nt help myself I found the underside of his cock
and played my fingers onto his sack,his hands came round and massaged my breasts
as it began to swell in my hand,Stand up,I did and I was pulled back on to the
bed, this time I sat on a hard ridged cock and my head was pulled  down so my
mouth could continue to suck the huge cock of the other one".

"I had only ever had normal sex yet here I was being fucked at both ends, my
mouth and cunt were taking two big cocks at once",the two watching women noticed
Tracy was starting to use stronger language and began to plan their chance,"I
must have been so hot as I knew it was me that was bouncing up and down on the
huge cock and as I tried to get as much of the other one down my throat,I kept
chocking.he just took it out let me take a breath and it was immediately rammed
back in until I could do it properly and all the time the heat in my cunt drove
me towards another orgasm and this time the bastard filled me."

Tracey was talking very fast and Mathews put her hand on her leg trying to calm
her but she left it there gently rubbing up and down going further up her leg at
every stroke,it was easy as Tracie`s legs were parted, the hand past the knee
and Tracey moaned,and as her story continued Jane got up  and stood at the head
off the couch,"I thought that they would have had enough of me but I was laid
back on the bed as one started to kiss me hard and play with my tit`s the other
whispered in my ear,"Want some more salad dressing,I struggled but felt the
cucumber being pushed back in my cunt, it slid in easy and my wet state soon had
the mixture exciting me again, the hard rough kissing of my mouth and nipples
continued as the orgasm building in me was forcing my hips up and as I thought I
was going to cum they lifted me off the bed, still holding the cucumber in
pulling me to the chair and bent me over it,as soon as I felt a cock on my lips
my mouth open and eagerly I sucked it in taking it as far down as I could,I
waited for the cucumber to be taken out and replaced by a stiff hard cock but he
held it in with one hand as he guided his cock in to my ass-hole,I couldn`t stop
him as he pushed,Come on lady open your ass,I bet it`s virgin don`t fight it
just relax,I as I did it pushed in I tried to scream but with a mouth full of
cock I made a gurgling noise which was soon replace by a moan as I got used to
all three holes being used at the same time and for the second time that day a
strange man was fucking me in a way I had never been used before."

By this time Mathews hand was on Tracie`s thighs and she could feel the wetness
even before she touched her crutch,Jane had the buttons on Tracie`s blouse
undone and was massaging her full breasts pinching and rolling the
nipples,Mathews gave Tracey another injection to make it easy to get in her
panties then took her own clothes off,taking a vibrater from her draw she
started to run it around Tracie`s pants enjoying hearing the soft dreamy moans
coming from the aroused beauty laid out before her,Jane removed her clothes and
got the control button for the couch and as Tracie`s legs parted under the
pleasures of the vibrater the button was pressed and the head section lowered
until Tracie`s head was low enough for Jane to straddle then brought up between
her legs,Tracie`s tongue instantly went into Jane's cunt as Mathews removed the
wet pants and slid the vibrater in to the open dripping cunt.

In Tracie`s mind she was still in the cabin being fucked by the two men,thanks
to the drug what was really happening she was oblivious too,but the two women
were enjoying their helpless victim as one kept Tracey aroused by fucking her
cunt with the vibrater the other would be having an orgasm thanks to Tracie`s
tongue and for the sake of the camera they did things to her putting her in
positions that made it look like Tracey was the one having all the fun.

When both women had their enjoyable fill they cleaned Tracey up, dressed her and
themsleves then returned to prompting the continuing story,Mathews asked,"Did
they keep you tied up all the time,"Tracey stammered,"Only for the next time
after they took me back to the bed and fucked me again they knew I was willing
so they put their masks back on untied my wrists,removed the tape from my eyes
and laid on the bed while I played with their huge thick cocks making them hard
with my mouth and hands then until nine in the morning I enjoyed all the
differant postions of being fucked they could give me".

Mathews asked,"And when the third man returned,"Tracey thought,"Oh him,I don`t
remember much about him before he got back they tied me hand and foot gagged me
and roped me to the bed I was so exhausted that I heard him say,Has she been any
trouble and the others answered, Hadn`t heard anything all night, before I fell
into a deep sleep",Mathews whispered in her ear,"Did you want to be fucked
again,"Tracie`s look was puzzled,"I woke up as he was getting ready to leave and
I remembered what had happened,I felt disgusted with myself and as the van drove
away I knew they would come for me.The door opened and they stood there,Ready
for a good fucking,and the tape was pulled off my mouth,I begged them not to but
even as I did, the buttons on my dress where being undone and hands were
squeezing my breasts working on hardening my nipples,the two halves of my dress
were pulled apart my legs untied and my pants pulled off,You won`t be needing
these tonight,I tried again to stop them but my knees were already being pushed
apart and fingers were between my legs,Sorry darling but it looks just as tasty
as it did last night and I don`t beleave you mean you don`t want this,two
fingers were inserted up me and started to push in and out soon my body was
starting to shake,I felt my hips lift off the bed I knew my body would betray me
I groaned and lips roughly covered mine a tongue invaded both my mouth and
cunt,I heard,It is as tasty as last night,they untied my hands and that night
the  two of them fucked me in so many ways,I know I couldn`t say no to their
demands and it was just fantastic raw sex that my body responded too also to be
safe I acted the game for the other one again that morning, I think I was upset
that Hugo had done a deal so soon, maybe I was pleased to be returned home,I
just don`t know what I thought,my mind was so confused."

Another question from Mathews,"What did you tell Hugo about your
abduction,"Tracey shook her head ,"Nothing,I told him they kept me tied up on a
bed,feed me and looked after me,well that was sort of true, it was how Hugo took
it, that was his problem,"Mathews switched off the recorder and gave Tracy a
small injection that sent her into a calm sleep,Jane took the recorded tape and
left as Mathews went through Tracie`s hand bag,learnt all she needed then waited
for Tracey to wake.

Tracey woke slowly,"Did you find out anything,"Mathews kept her business face
on,"Yes quite a lot,there should be no problem sorting things out for you,I will
be in contact but for now go home and get some rest,you well feel tired,that's
usual after therapy and above all don`t worry,"Tracey thanked her, put on her
coat and feeling a little unsteady and somewhat strange, left for home.

It had been a week since the appointment when a hand to hand package was
delivered to her,a cassette and envelope, she took them both into the lounge,put
the cassette on and undid the envelope,she sat there in horror as she looked at
four pictures of her having full lesbian sex and listened to her voice saying
how much she had enjoyed being fucked by her two kidnapper`s,how her sister was
paralysed, how her sister was abused by her father and how she was ripping off
Hugo,a voice at the end of the cassette told,if she wanted to hear and see more
and didn`t want anyone else too, go now to Apartment 4 Roseroot and Tudor,she
put on her coat.

 The apartment block was scruffy and she soon found No 4,pressed the bell and a
low buzzing sound came from inside,a voice shouted,"Lady,it`s open come on
in,"she pushed it open and went in,she heard noises from the bedroom,said"Hello"
and went towards the noise.Jane was sitting topless on the bed a large rough
unshaven man with a ponytail was lying on the bed with just boxer shorts
on,Hello I,ve seen that face before only your cunt was sitting on it,wasn`t
Jane,"they both laughed,"Take your coat off and take a seat,we have things to
talk about,"Tracey did as she was told,then she said,"I have a bit of money,how
much for the tape and photo`s,"They both looked at each other,he quickly said,"A
grand and now,"I haven`t that much in cash would a bankers draft do,"he nodded
and held his hand out,Tracey took a pen out of her bag and signed a draft then
handed it over,he took it,"Jane go to this bank,take a cab it`s the other side
of town and we will wait here,now move your ass,"Jane grabbed a jacket and
left,he laid on the bed looking at Tracey.  

Tracey looked round the room as he picked a photo of the cabinet,"Your a looker
ain`t ya Renaldo,open your legs,"Tracey shook her head,"Open your legs because
if I have to get off this bed, your face is going to take some explaining to
your old man,now do it,"Tracey bit her lip and slowly opened her legs,she looked
at him,"Please, you have my money don`t make me do this you have Jane,let me
alone,"it was as if she hadn`t spoken,"When you have opened your legs all the
way pull your skirt up,"she took the hem of her skirt and pulled at it,until she
sat there with her legs wide open and her skirt bunched around her waist,he
looked at the sight,Very nice show me your cunt,get your fingers in the side of
your pants and show me your cunt,I want a peek at it,"Tracey shook with fear but
knew there was no way out she had to spin it on, hoping Jane got back with the
money.

As slowly as she could she put her fingers in the crutch of her panties and
pulled them to the side,his eyes widened,"Come over here and sit on the bed and
don`t let go of those little pants,"the humiliation of standing up and walking
the four paces to the bed holding the crutch of her pants to the perverted eyes
of the lout was sickening for her but she did it,shawly Jane couldn`t be long
now.

He put his hand on her knee,"You sounded as if you were having a great time
being fucked all night by those guys and you have some tongue for sucking
cunt,did you like that plastic buzzer up you or do you prefer the real thing,
you must be one hell of a nympho.Tracey felt a tear run done her face as his
left hand slid further up her leg and his right pulled the back of her hair
turning her face towards him,she had a second to look him in the eye before she
was pulled backward down on the bed and his fingers touched her cunt.

His left leg went over hers pining her to the bed,he held her hair so tight
tears formed as she tried to shut his face out,"Nice cunt,"she felt his finger
go inside,"Have you a nice ass,I bet you have,roll over I want to see,"with a
shake of her hair she rolled towards him and over on her stomach.her skirt was
pulled up over her bottom as his finger searched for the opening between her
cheaks and screwed upwards till she cried out,"You do have a nice ass, nice and
tight I bet it fuck`s well,ask me to fuck it,"she moaned into the bed as he lent
over to the cabinet and took out a packing knife,pulled her head up and touched
the blade to her forehead,"How do you spell whore,shall I write it backwards so
you can read it in the mirror and how will your husband take it."

Resolved to her fate,Tracey her voice barely audible,"Pl,please fuck my ass,"he
whispered,"Can`t hear you",she took a deep breath,"Please fuck my ass,"she felt
him move then her pants were pulled down and off and he mounted her,"As you ask
so nicely it will be my pleasure to fuck such a beautiful ass,stick it up lady
so I can stick it in,"he slapped her hard and she pulled her knees in and up
slightly and he forced himself in her then pushed her back down put his knees
ether side and rammed himself in to her fucking her ass till the bed shook
violently.

He grunted like a pig as he buggerd the defenceless woman,"Tell me you like
it,no tell me you love me fucking your ass,come on,"Traceie`s teeth were almost
rattling with the force as she tried to say the foul words,"I,I love you u fuck
fucking my ass,"as  she said it he filled her ass and collapsed on her,pulling
her hair he said,"That was some ass fuck you want some more,you want to make me
hard again by wanking me off between those great tit`s of yours,I bet you do,I,m
going to get off you and you are going to strip off for me,sexy like."he pulled
out and rolled off her.

She was determend not to cry as she crawled off the bed,finding it diffecult to
stand let alone strip but he still held that knife,slowly she removed her top
and bra followed by her skirt and stood there naked,he looked her up and down,"I
can see why those guys couldn`t get enough of you,you are some looker,now come
back here and lay on the bed I,m going to enjoy this,"she lay back on the
bed,"Hold them lovely titties together,give them slide appeal,"she went to close
her eyes but he slapped her,"You look at me while I fuck your tit`s,in fact ask
me too,"the hate she felt for him was showing her face and he knew it,"Please
fuck my tit`s,I want to feel your big cock inbetween them, fucking them hard I
want to hold them tight so you can come all over them".

He grinned and let a dribble of flem drop on her mouth as he sat on her pushing
his cock between her magnificent breast`s rocking forward and back making the
head hit her chin,looking down at her in triumph as he blew kiss`s at her.The
door opened and Jane came in,"Having fun,"He turned his head,"Oh yes baby,you
got the cash,"she smiled and shook the bundle at him,"Good girl,get your kit off
and come join the fun,I have been looking forward to seeing you sit on her face
for real,I,m sure she will ask you nicely if she can stick her tongue up your
cunt,I,ve warmed her up,especially her ass".

He slid down her body and pulled her to the edge of the bed,holding her legs up
on his shoulders he ran the end of his cock over the silky lips of her cunt,
Jane stripped and climbed on the bed and knelt beside Tracie`s head,as she did
she played with the firm breasts below her,"Want to suck my cunt again,you
enjoyed it last time even if you didn`t know you were doing it,come on show me
that tongue,"he pulled  hard on the hairs covering Tracie`s clit,she shouted in
pain as he told her,"Show her your tongue your going to put it up her cunt, so
don`t fight it,"Tracey pushed her tongue out through her lips,he started to push
his cock into her,"Come on, tell Jane how you want her to sit on your face,tell
her you want to stick your tongue up her cunt and tell her all the things you
want her to do to you, oh yes, while your at it tell me how to fuck this cute
little cunt of yours."

Jane giggled,"Have you got Mrs Rich Bitch talking dirty again she was well into
it last week,come on Renaldo let`s hear some more,"Tracey looked at both of them
as they loomed over her and he looked at the knife,"I can always write dirty
words for all to see,"Tracey swallowed, fought back the sick feeling of
humiliation,looked anywhere but at them,"I,I want your cunt in my mouth,I want
to lick you,would you sit on my face so my tongue can reach inside you,I want to
taste you,"Jane gave the poor woman's tit`s another hard squeeze,Oh you can do
better than that,you where very excited last week you said it with sex in your
voice and your forgetting your being fucked nice and slow,he needs telling what
you like,I know you like your fucking really hard that's what you told us about
the two blokes fucking six bells of shit out of you,tell him,go on tell him".

Tracey broke,"Please leave me alone,"the sobbing voice was pitiful,"You have the
money just give me what`s mine and leave me alone I,m not something you can just
use for your own gratification I,m a person,get off me and give me those
things,"his face changed to one of pure evil,"You wiggle you ass nice when your
angry and I,m going to make it move somemore you are just a cunt for me to use
and use you I am,as for your mouth you suck her cunt I want to see your tongue
so far up her that she will be smiling for a week or I can sting you like you
could never imagine,now you put out or I,ll cut you another hole for fucking".

Jane lifted her leg over Tracie`s face,"I,d do what he says he means it, just do
as your told get me off and take a hard fucking,you have been fucked before so
it ain`t nothing new,"with that she lowered herself down,grinding her cunt on to
Tracie`s mouth just as he started to bang as hard as he could watching Tracie`s
two beautiful full breasts bounce to his rhythm  he pulled Jane to him and
kissed her hard,"Having a good time baby,she tonguing you good,sorry to say this
but I wish you had titties as big as hers,you don`t mind if I give them a good
going over,"she through her head back as Tracey licked her as hard as she
could,"No baby you  squeeze them as hard as you can if it will make her get me
off, I really want her to get me so hot,I flood her mouth more than last
time,she looks great chocking on a mouth full of my juice".

The couple enjoyed the hapless woman him, fucking her at his pleasure,Jane
ground her cunt backwards and forwards on Tracie`s face making her lick faster
and she did, anything to get her off her face and get this torture over,Tracey
wasn`t even getting any enjoyment from the vicious fucking that he was
mercilessly giving her  banging his enormous cock into her she just felt used,it
got worse as he pulled her left leg up high,turning her hips to the right so he
could lay on the bed and fuck her from behind.To add insult, as he fucked her
hard she could hear him kissing Jane's thighs which made her push down even
harder almost cutting the air off to Tracie`so nose, all the time, the thought
of that knife marking her, kept Tracey their subservient toy.

Suddenly he grabbed Tracie`s right hand and held it to her ass,"Finger your
ass-hole let me see you play with it while I finish fucking you,put your finger
in were I have been," as she did as she was told, Jane was cuming and Tracie`s 
mouth took the full force of her orgasm,Jane`s cunt spat so much that Tracey was
fighting to swallow and breath,thankfully Jane filled her and fell back on the
bed,he grinned at her,"Enjoy that baby",Jane just smiled at him as he pull
himself out off Tracie`s cunt and dragged her up,he shouted,"Wank me in to your
mouth sweetie and you swallow mine as well and I mean every drop and you only
need one hand for that so wank yourself with the other and you better come or we
will keep you here till you do,"Tracey could not be humiliated any more than she
had been so she sat on the bed with her legs open,playing with herself while she
wanked his cock into her open mouth.

As she held the head in her mouth she was thankful she could feel a wetness in
her own cunt which she worked on furiously,doing that her other hand wanked him
faster and soon she felt his cock fattening ready to fill her mouth and suddenly
it did, she couldn`t keep it all in and some seeped out the side of his cock and
dripped on to her breasts and at that time,thankfully she came as well almost
chocking with her cum filled mouth,"Missed a bit baby,lick it off your tit`s you
should have all the good stuff and for afters lick the cum off your 
fingers,"again with out question she did as she was told,they watched her with
satisfaction all over their face`s,she looked at them,"Can I have my things
now".

Jane picked up Tracie`s clothes and handbag opened the door and through them
out,he got hold of Tracey,bending her arm behind her and frog marched her,naked,
toward the door,"Please no, where are the photo`s and the tape,"he laughed,"Oh
those,Mathews will be in touch about those we just thought you paid for a good
fuck,you rich cows are so stupid,"and he pushed her out into the hall and
slammed the door,Tracey grabbed for her clothes,hid in a corner to dress and
then distraught she drove home,sat in a chair and wondered what was to happen
next. 

It had been a bloody awful morning,Hugo was moaning about his dress suit for his
special dinner tonight and had been in a foul temper,Tracey was pleased to see
him go,she had a quite lunch and was happily sitting sipping a glass of wine
when Mathews and a large woman walked in,"Sit still Renaldo,I have a key so
expect me when I feel like it,I,ve had a shit of a day and so has my friend
Ingra,she`s Russian,speaks little English but know`s what she wants and what we
want is a little relief and by the way I have something for you but that will do
later, first get us both a stiff drink",

The two women sat themselves down on the sofa as Tracey went for two large
whiskies,handed them to them and went to sit in the chair,"You stand in front of
us and put your hands down by your side,Renaldo,"the way Mathews spoke it was an
order,Tracey had no idea what was to happen so she stood there in fear."Lets get
it straight right from the start,do you want those photo`s and that tape and
believe me you have only heard bits of the tape the rest of it will blow your
husbands mind,so do you wish it to be heard or seen by any body else and I mean
the police where your Father is concerned",Tracey shook her head,"I thought you
didn`t, after that stupid visit to the flat,I only wanted you to hear the tape
but you would offer money so I suppose you got what you deserved,so that`s the
way it is,when I speak, you jump,understand,"Tracey nodded.

"Good,as I said I have had a shit of a day,come here,take off my pants,then get
on your back on the carpet,"Tracey went to speak but the look in Mathews eye
told her not to bother,she bent forward pushed her hand up Mathews skirt and
found the top of her pants and pulled them down over her stocking until they
were in her hand,Mathews motioned at the floor and Tracey moved the coffee table
and laid on the floor,Mathews got up took another mouthful of the whiskey and
stood over Tracey,"Get me off and I want the best tonguing I have ever had and
believe me I,ve had some good tongue in my time",then she lowered herself down
over Tracie`s face and another cunt filled her mouth and her tongue became
active again.

As Tracey moved her mouth and tongue Mathews rocked and grunted making Tracie`s
face wet with her cunt slipping around enjoying the feeling of her nose and
tongue rubbing on her clit sometimes bending forward so as Tracey could get all
the nub in her mouth and suck it fully in,"Come on woman suck and bring your
hands up, play with my thighs,get your finger in my cunt hair,"Tracey followed
all her orders and finally Mathews juice was running into her mouth and Mathews
was getting off her.

"God I needed that,Ingra,I,ve got some phone calls to make and other things so
take Renaldo upstair`s,strip her and make her suck you off as well, you may want
to play with her she has a wonderful body,her cunt gets good and wet,I guarantee
you will enjoy her and I think she will take one of your spankings",Ingra took
Tracie`s arm and as Mathews took another drink,used the phone and fax Tracey was
upstairs being stripped,having her tits` and cunt mauled and finally found
herself lying face down on her own bed while the huge Russian woman propped
herself against the bedhead spread her legs and with the belt from her trousers
flicking on to the beautiful round bottom she clamped her muscular legs around
the beautiful head that was now buried in her hairy cunt and enjoyed the tongue
licking her very hard just to avoid the belt being used any harder and Ingra
smiled, she would enjoy taking a long time to fill such a beautiful mouth.

After about half an hour Mathews fetched a box from her car and went
upstair`s,sat in the bed room chair to watch as Tracey worked hard to finish her
torment,she nearly dropped her drink as Ingra suddenly moved her entire body
throwing Tracey over on her back,pining her to the bed she grabbed her hair
pulled her tight into her cunt and fucked her mouth shoving Tracie`s lips up and
down as she ground her cunt on to Tracie`s teeth and gums then with a shout she
flooded her mouth and face with so much juice that it ran down the side`s of her
face on to the bed,she through Tracie`s head back down on the bed,climbed off 
and looked down at the exhausted women lying their with her face covered in her
slimy juice,she spoke in broken English,"I would like to keep you for a while
you would make for good fun and I teach you how to suck cunt and I play and
smack your body for many hour`s,"Mathews smiled,"Maybe for the right price I
will let you,we will talk later but now she has got to get ready for tonight".

Tracey looked at her ,"Look Renaldo I told you when I speak you jump,get off the
bed,get in the shower,do your hair and make up and then put this on,"she through
the box on the bed,Tracey opened it and to her horror it was,fish net tights,
silk very small tight panties,black bisque with suspender bottoms,little black
and white full skirt.that would hardly cover her bottom,apron,maids hat and
wrist cuffs and a pair of black ankle strap shoe`s with at least four inch
heels.Tracey looked for some way out but there was none and she slowly walked in
to the bathroom.

An hour later she stood in front of the two women dressed as a French Maid,her
breasts and bottom hardly covered,Mathews looked her up and down,"God it must be
wonderful to be as beautiful as you,now put on you coat and get in the car,we
are going for a little ride,Ingra said,"Maybe I should make offer now,looking
like she does I would like to play with her,"Mathews laughed,"Sorry,tonight`s
already paid for and looking like she does she will make me a big bonus,come
on".

The car turned in to a long drive it was the first time Tracey had spoke,"Please
where are you taking me,what have I got to do? Mathews was as cold as ever,"What
you are told to do,Lady Carter is having a party you are one of several maids
and you will take drinks around to the guests and if a guest asks you for
anything else you will provide it,you will not talk to the other maids I will
know if you do,if you do everything your told and you do it right,that will mean
nobody will complain to me then you will get your tape back if I hear one word
of complaint your husband gets the tape,understood,"Tracey meekly said,"Yes".

They pulled up at the back of the large house and entered by the back
door,Tracey removed her coat,was given a tray of drink and walked in to the main
hall,where there were about 50 people of which most looked at her.She saw four
other maids all dressed like her,maybe she felt better and she moved towards a
crowd ready to serve some drinks.Not three drinks had been taken from her tray
when a large over weight woman of around fifty called her over,"You the new
maid,my your a pretty thing,I think you deserve a second look,put your tray down
and go upstairs too the door marked seven,"Tracey looked confused,"Unless your
want me to complain to Lady Carter that your being disobedient,"Tracey put the
tray on a table and walked quickly up the stairs, she knew how much of her
bottom would be on view,she darn`t look back.

Tracey open the door with the letter seven pined to it and a large bedroom
opened up to her, she went to a chair and sat,head bowed looking at her legs
clad in cheap tart stocking and suspenders that had been seen by everyone,the
thin pants that showed the outline of her slit, what was she doing here,no time
for an answer as the large woman entered,"Ah there you are sweetie,my you are a
beauty let`s have a look at you,pull your bodice down and show me your tit`s I
can see their fighting to get out so let`s help them,"Tracey looked at her and
was about to speak,"Do I have to tell you a second time,remember
disobedient,let`s see some tit,and stand up while you do it,you will be on your
knees for long enough later."

Tracey stood in front of the woman put her thumbs in the top of the bisque and
pulled down-wards,her breasts tumbled out,the woman walked towards her and
circled round touching Tracie`s bottom then ran her finger up her pants over her
slit before cupping both her breasts,with a smile she looked Tracey in the
face,"Nice tit`s,nice ass and what feels like a nice puffy pussie,your mouth is
perfect for anymans cock,you should fetch a pretty penny at the auction,but
first lets see how you suck cunt".

Tracey was confused at what she had just heard but the woman pulled at her dress
and it started to slid up her legs,"Get down on your knees,sweetie and put your
head under my skirt and enjoy,"Tracey knelt and put her head under the dress,the
woman let go and it fell,covering Tracey,she opened her legs as she felt
Tracie`s tongue touch her bald cunt,she had removed her pant`s after she had
meet Tracey,now all she had to do was enjoy her.Tracey felt the woman`s hand on
the back of her head as the large wet flabby cunt was gyrated in to her
mouth,she bent her knees forcing Tracey further under her,the more she forced
her under her, the more she opened her legs until she was almost using Tracie`s
head as a stool,"Use your fingers come on give me a finger fucking,"Tracey
pushed a finger up,the cunt was so wide it made no difference so she used a
second and a third, the woman was pushing and gyrating so much that she was
almost breaking Tracie`s nose, she now had half her hand up and was still
licking her fat clit.Tracie`s hand was getting slippery and she knew the woman
was about to come  she also knew there would be no escape for her mouth as she
felt the hand on her head push her harder up the filthy slit, suddenly she came
all over her hand squirting into her mouth,she tasted foul and Tracey thought
she was going to be sick as the slimy juice slid down her throat.

The woman straighten herself up and stood back steading herself by holding the
chair,she looked at Tracey still kneeling on the floor,"Not bad, you  have a
good tongue and at least you do as your told,now get cleaned up,freshen up your
make-up and be back downstairs in ten minutes," and she left,Tracey didn`t want
to think what had happened to her so she washed, did her make-up and was back
with the tray of drinks all with in ten minutes.

For as long as she could she kept her back to every-one but as she slid past two
fat women she got herself cornered by three young men,they would all be in their
twenties,she thought as they were her age they may be able to help,as they took
a drink Tracey took a deep breath,"I need your help,"they looked quizzically at
her,"I shouldn`t be here I was tricked in to it,but if I go they will know and I
will get in terrible trouble so I need an alibi,"the three of them looked her up
and down and then one spoke,"Charles is there anything we can do,you know the
house better than us,and what goes on here and what do you think Terry," the one
they called Charles said,"Well you shouldn`t be here under false pretences,let
me think,do you know any of the rooms,"Tracey,now very excited,"Yes,number
seven,"Charles looked at Terry,"That`s no good it will have to be four that
rooms got the big window with a fire ladder on the outside wall,look eerrrrrr
what's your name,"  she told them,"Tracey," Charles continued,"Look Tracey go to
room seven in the bedside cabinet there will be a pair of hand-cuffs bring them
here and don`t let anyone stop you,are you sure no-ones in seven,"Tracey looked
around the room and saw the woman who had made her do those things,"No I think
it will be clear,"the three nodded,"O.K.off you go and be quick".

She ran up the stairs in to the room got the hand-cuffs and came back
down,Charles said,"This is the plan,we are going to hand-cuff you and tell Lady
Carter we are having you for the night,everybody will see you at our mercy and
going upstairs with us and then we can get you out the window and away,we were
going to split this dull do anyway,so this should be a bit of fun",soon the four
of them were going up the stairs to room four.

Once inside the mood changed,as she waited for them to take the hand-cuffs off
they gathered around her,"What do you think Robin is she not a fine
catch,"Tracey looked at them,"Please can we get going,"the one called Terry
said,"I think it`s you that got us going,you did that the first time you entered
the room tonight,we did enjoy the little game though,Oh help me,I,m here under
false pretence`s, the only thing we are going to help ourselves to is your
ass,cunt and mouth and of course help you get a great fucking,we knew we had to
fuck you the second we saw you,Charles shall I get the muffler for the
Maid,"Charles laughed,"Please do,"Tracey looked in panic as Robin went to a
bedside cabinet and got out a wide strap with something rubber hanging from
it,the other two grabbed her,as one held her head the other held her jaw and
Robin put the black hard rubber into her mouth and then strapped the rest round
behind her,then he took a small tube with a hand pump on the end, screwed it to
the mouth piece and started to pump,Tracey could feel the rubber ball in her
mouth start to grow and fill her mouth,she couldn`t move her tongue or make a
sound and just as she thought her jaw would break he stopped,"That's a great
Maid muffler,now what's next".

Terry said,"I think a little discipline for this hot little fuck machine and now
she has the muffler I don`t think anyone will hear us play with the merchandise
fortunately for me I did bring this,you know, just in case,"from his pocket he
took a four inch handle pressed a button on it and then flicked it,eight
telescopic four inch segment`s shot out and Tracey saw that the end piece was
very thin,"Right little lady this is for wanting to leave us,bend over,"Tracey
shook her head but the other two held her arms and lifted them up forcing her
over,Terry came over and slowely pulled her pants down to her knees stroking
every curve of her round firm checks,sliding his fingers in between her legs and
over her slit then stood back and gave the cane a flick just catching the tip on
Tracie`s bottom,her knees gave way,she was only kept up by the other two and
again and again the thin end found her ass she screamed but nothing came
out,tears poured down her face and dripped on the floor,it wasn`t until the red
strips had little blood spots that he stopped"There that should get your
attention,"and they let her fall.

Robin looked at her and then at Terry,"Your bloody good with that thing,I fancy
a wiggle fuck you up for it,"Terry smiled,"For you anytime,get her ready,"Robin
got Tracey up and walked her to the bed,"I,m going to get on the bed and your
going to sit on my cock,understand,"Tracey,with tears in her eyes nodded,her
pants were just hanging on one ankle and after Robin had removed his trousers
she climbed on the bed, straddled him and lowered herself on to his cock. Robin
reached forward pulled her bisque down,took a nipple in each hand and pulled her
forward,she fell on him,he smiled at her, put both hands behind his head and
winked.The cane hit the unsuspecting Tracey right in the crack of her ass and
she jumped then again and again picking a different spot every time she jumped
and wiggled trying to escape all the time impaled on Robins cock,fucking him
every time it hit her until he shouted enough, grabbed her arms,ramed himself in
and out of her tight cunt fucking her as hard as he could till he filled her
cunt full of cream.

He pushed the woman off, thanked Terry for a marvellous fuck and returned to his
drink,Charles was the next to go to Tracey,"You want me to have a wiggle fuck or
shall I just cane you some more,"Tracie`s pleading look was enough to make
sence,"Right I will remove the muffler and lay on this bed you will give me the
greatest blow-job in the world if you don`t you know what I will do,"the muffler
was removed and Tracey was given a drink to help her mouth work again as Charles
took his trousers off and laid on the bed waiting his pleasure until a very
sorry looking Tracey with her arms still cuffed knelt on the bed beside him and
started to lick his enormous cock,her mind only concentrating on giving this
cock every bit of excitement she could,she ignored the fingers that pushed up
her cunt and ass or the hand that slid under her to play with and squeeze her
tit`s,she had to let her nipples be pinched and twisted,playing with this cock
was everything the alternative was unthinkable.

Her mouth worked on every inch of his cock licking it all over,tickling the head
with her tongue or sucking his balls into her mouth she was trying hard to get
as much of his cock as she could all the way down her throat and when she did
she would be moving her head up and down wanking him on her throat and into her
mouth and he made sure that he took a while to cum taking it out and smacking it
against her mouth and face until his cock went soft then making her start to
make it hard again,he took a long time to make himself cum in her mouth but when
he did it was the most she had ever had to swallow,anything she missed she
quickly licked off his stomach,then taking the limp cock back in her mouth to
suck out anything that was left,tickling the sensitive head with her tongue
until she heard the words she wanted to hear,"Fucking good,I enjoyed
that,where's my drink",Terry looked at her,"Your ass still sore,"she
nodded,"Tough I,m still going to give it a good fucking."

Terry was the cruellest of the three and he viciously buggered her,he took off
the hand-cuffs made her stand with her legs parted then bend right over, grab
both her ankles and keep her legs straight,him being tall he  had no problem
sticking his cock hard in too her ass-hole holding her hips and fucking her as
hard and brutal as he could then he spanked and pinched her red lines just to
keep her hips gyrating and her ass moving up and down as he sank his cock in to
the hilt,she thanked god he was told by the others to get a move on, as it was
nearly time and she would be needed down stairs, so though it was rough, it was
mercifully quick.After he pulled out Charles told her,"You have twenty minutes
to get cleaned up then looking your best in your Maids outfit you will go to the
main games room and be ready for the main event,"they left and as Tracey made
her way to the bathroom she faintly heard the front door bell chime.

Lady Carter was the closest to the door so she went and opened it,she knew most
of her guests for the night anyway so she was not surprised to see her old
friend Sir Ronald Harris but stood beside him was a stranger to her,"Good
evening Ronald how are you,"the old friends smiled at each other,"Amanda,lovely
to see you again,I hope you don`t mind but I have brought a friend of mine,he`s
interested in the auction,between you and me I think his wife knows nothing
about sex or she`s not fucking him right and he has a secret flat in town just
begging for a fuckable sex slave and you allways have the best French Maids for
sale in your games room,Lady Carter meet Hugo Renaldo."

                                                                          
PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





