BDSM Library - The Sunday School Teacher




The Sunday School Teacher
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: How I helped my 18 year old cousin (who was a Sunday School teacher) to not commit any 'sins' while staying overnight with me.
The Sunday School Teacher


This is a true story that happened to me in the late fifties when I was only 20
years old. Now I am an old man I would like to tell you young ones what life was
like in those days.

It was a very stormy Friday night when Judith, my eighteen year old cousin came
to visit me when I was staying alone in my parent's little mountain holiday home
for the first time.

I had not seen her since she was six years old when we played some pretty
interesting tie up games at her mother's house one rainy Saturday afternoon
while her mother was away. I vividly remember how she had never complained no
matter how tightly I tied her up or gagged her little body and she seemed to
actually enjoy it at the time!

Now she was an incredible six feet tall young woman, sporting a 42DD bustline
and her face was stunningly beautiful framed by her lovely long blonde hair. Her
limbs were well rounded and her swelling dark nylon clad calves so big I
probably would not be able to get my hands around them and have my fingers still
touch - not that I imagined I would ever get the opportunity!

Compared to the rest of her, her waist was still a very tiny size making her
hips flare out enticingly. Even though she wore a tight fitting satin dress,
under which I could plainly see the outline of her broad bra straps and the
little bumps on her upper legs made by her stocking suspender clips, she was
also very religious being a Sunday School teacher as well and was in training to
become a pastor at her local church.

After eating a delicious meal the wind and rain seemed to intensify, "I think
the bridge could be covered with water by now, " I remarked.

"Oh dear, and i'ts already past my bed time! Does that mean I wont be able to
get home tonight?" the tall girl looked a little worried.

"I'd say so, " I replied peering out the window to see the trees bending in the
driving rain which was beating on her little red sports car in the drive,"beside
it's looks a bit dangerous for you to drive

"Do you think it would be OK if I slept here?" she looked around the one room
hut to the large bed in the corner and laughed, "only I didnt bring my pyjamas!"

"I don't mind, we are related after all. Its a warm night so you could just
sleep in your underwear if you like, " I suggested with a smile, taking off my
shirt, "you'll be safe with me - even though I've only got one bed."

Judith unbuttonned her tight fitting white satin dress and slipped it off to
reveal the sharply pointed white satin cones of her brassiere and the broad bra
straps keeping her big breasts firm and high on her chest. She looked somewhat
like the girl in the Psycho movie moving around the room in her substantial
white bra and short satin slip that barely stretched down her long legs to the
tops of her dark brown seamed nylon stockings.

She hooked her fingers in the waist of her slip and paused, "do you mind? I hope
you wont be embarressed by me being in just my underwear?"

"Of course not, we are cousins after all, " I smiled slipping off my shorts.
Luckily I had put on an elastic jock strap with a large pouch for my cock that
it under good control,"as long as you arent embarrassed too?"

Judith went a bit red in the cheeks when she saw me from the rear standing with
just the white elastic straps of the jock strap around my waist and upper legs
revealing completely my trim bottom.

She slid her slip off to reveal the Playtex open bottommed rubber girdle with
it's four long suspender straps fastened to the tops of her stockings. It had
lots of little ventilation holes that were necessary as it was made of pure
white strong rubber clinging next to her skin. I then realised that she wasn't
wearing any panties, the clinging tough rubber of her girdle probably being hot
enough without them and the lower rim of the rubber girdle was just low enough
to shield her pubic region from view while she was standing up.

Judith walked over to the bed in her six inch spiked heeled shoes and climbed
up. She went to take off her shoes but stopped when I noticed the shoes had
ankle straps with tiny padlocks so they could not be removed. As she moved her
long legs slightly apart to reach her shoe ankle straps, the lower rim of the
girdle rode up to expose her neat hairless crack between her legs.

"Sorry I left the keys at home!" she apologised, "You know we musn't do anything
naughty seeing we are cousins but I always play with myself a bit before I go to
sleep - do you mind? I hope I don't wriggle my legs too much and make holes in
your sheets."

"Of course it would be alright Judith, I might have a bit of a play with myself
at the same time," I went to a drawer and took out a bundle of half inch wide
leather straps of various lengths and a plastic packet of long thin black cable
ties, dumping them beside her and suggested, with a smile, "but I'd better fix
you up a bit so you don't ruin my sheets. Roll over onto your tummy please?"

Judith looked a little surprised but did as I said, rolling her magnificent six
foot tall body over so her long seamed nylon clad legs were stretched out so her
high spiked heels touched the foot of the bed.

"What are are all those straps for Teddy? " she asked, supporting herself on her
elbows to take the pressure off her large breasts

"Oh these? They are some old bed straps that belonged to our grandmother - all
the girls had them in those days.  I'll just strap your legs together lightly,
Judith, " I replied without hesitation, "it will restrict your leg movements a
little."

"Ok then," she made a no noise as I poked a strap under her thighs joining the
ends up behind her legs so her thighs were tied together. I did the same above
her knees then below her knees and around her massive swelling calves.

"Do you have to make them so tight, Teddy? " she remarked after I buckled up her
trim sturdy ankles and used very thin long cable ties as cinch loops between her
legs so the thin strong leather straps dug deeper into her nylon clad flesh of
her legs with each click of the tiny ratchets.

"Yes, I know, but we wouldnt want then to work loose in the night, " I smiled,
"would we, otherwise you'd have to buy me a new pair of sheets!.

"Yes I suppose so, "she looked unconcerned putting her elbows by her side and
resting on her breasts which were so big her chin was just resting on the
mattress,"and you say that Grandma used to wear these straps to bed?"

I picked up her limp left hand and examined it, "Yes Great grandpa was a Baptist
minister and they were very strict, always strapping up their daughters at night
in case they played with themselves. Say, have very long fingernails, I hope
they dont get caught in these old sheets during the night!"

"I hope they dont too!" she giggled,"but don't you think you had better tie my
wrists and elbows too just in case?"

I placed her left wrist in the centre of her back which she kept there and
picked up her right wrists putting it over her left so her wrists were crossed
behind her.

She made no attempt to move her wrists while I got out two more thin leather
straps like cat collars and threaded them around her wrists in the vertical and
horizontal direction buckling them effectively together, "this will make sure
they are out of the way."

"Yes I guess they will - but don't forget my elbows!" she smiled up at me so I
threaded two sets of long leather arm straps under her body above and below her
breasts pinning her arms to her sides.

"Thank you for tying me up so nicely but - now I can't play with myself, Teddy,
but I must confess I've like being tied up like this a lot ever since you tied
me up and gagged me when I was a little girl! Maybe I inherited it from
Grandma!" Judith looked up at me appealingly as she wriggled around trying to
get more comfortable in her restraints, "are you coming to sleep now? "

"In a minute, just one more thing I think, " I got out the old red rubber ball
gag attached to a leather harness that matched the leather straps already on her
body.

When she saw it her jaw dropped and she stammerred, "w-what is t-that for?"

"Can't have your snoring keeping me awake!' I smiled climbing up on top of her
and sitting on her rubber clad bottom, "this is my patented anti snoring device.
All my girl friends wear it in bed when they come to stay with me and they dont
seem to mind!" I lied.

"But I wont snore - I promise!" she cried as I held the rubber ball in front of
her lips.

"Cant take any chances - I like a good sound sleep!, " I replied, "open your
mouth as wide as you can and it wont hurt."

Judith opened her big mouth wider than I could have imagined and the two and a
half inch shiny medium firmness rubber sphere slid in behind her teeth with a
gurgle.

The room was silent except for her panting and the tiny jingles as I fastened
each buckle tight under her chin and over her head so the gag was inexorably
trapped in her mouth for the night.

"By the way the road will probably be closed until Monday so you can stay here 
until then if you like as long as you agree to be tied up with this gag in your
mouth all the time- seeing you are only my cousin after all there wouldnt be
anything sinful in that would there?"

She nodded and rolled over onto her side, slipping her strapped arms behind her
with elbows almost touching so I slipped one final short bed strap around her
elbows pinioning them tightly together as well as being tied to her body. Even
though Judith had a big body with wide shoulders I marvelled how she seemed to
be quite comfortable with her elbows strapped together! I finished off with a
thin cable tie around each arm strap cinching them in between her arms and her
sides so they were immovable.

She dug her pointy breasts into my chest as we lay there cuddling and I ran my
hands over every part of her body toying with her tight wide bra and suspender
straps until she became obviously highly aroused.

"Sorry you can play with yourself all tied up like this, would you like me to
play with your clit for a while until you get to sleep?"

She grunted and nodded in agreement. Poking my fingers into her vagina I found
that she was wearing a diaphram so she could not fall pregnant.

"Hmmm, I know that we are cousins but - you know you wouldnt be committing a sin
if I penetrated you as long as you were tied up during it, Judith? What do you
think?" I asked kissing her ripe lips on either side of the glistening red
rubber ball and caressing her gag strapped head, "and your penance can be to
stay tied up and gagged for the rest of the weekend. What do you think about
that, Judith dear?"

I slipped off my jock strap which made her eyes wide as she felt it's full
length slip between her legs. She soon nodded in agreement enthusiastically
rolling onto her back, her strapped wrists under her making her already big
breasts just out even further against my chest as I climbed on top of her.

It didn't take much trouble to slightly lift up the lower rim of her taut rubber
girdle and poke my erect cock fully inside her wet vagina without having to
untie her thighs and legs. Having her legs tied and wearing the rubber girdle
made her extremely tight and it took a while before I was fully inside her. The
added pressure on my rather fat cock gave us both a couple of orgasms over the
next half hour until I was completely exhausted.

We lay quietly for another hour with me gently caressing her bra strapped back
until she felt asleep.

Just before I turned out the light, a final check of each cable tie cinch
revealed they could be ratcheted in an extra notch as her slightly plump body
had got well used to the thin strap restraints. She didnt even wake up!

As I looked down in the half light to see Judith sleeping peacefully, her mouth
wedged wide open by the rubber ball and the straps biting into her firm flesh -
what a weekend I had to look forward to!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ted


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





