BDSM Library - A New Slave Dawning




A New Slave Dawning
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A San Francisco-based woman is turned into a sex slave by her best friend.
The following is a work of total fiction and intended solely for consumption by
those legally of age and where ADULT MATERIAL is permitted. Strong subject
matter is contained and is for those not easily offended by such.

Any reuse of the material without the author's express consent is strongly
discouraged.

Thank you and enjoy.

Faibhar




A New Slave Dawning

Dawn held tightly to her best friend and roommate's hand as they rode in the
back of the cab. Its warmth comforted her recent misgivings as they jostled over
dew-slicked cable car tracks rutting Pine Street's steep decline. Dawn watched
homeless and city lights wiz past as the cab bounced across Market. Confines of
the dull restaurant the two had just ditched no longer seemed so lame. Suzanne
was first to enter the cab, pulling her along. It was, after all, Suzanne's idea
for them to go to the South of Market sex club and she had agreed, trusting her
friend. She had never been to Klub Knoir but Suzanne seemed to know the place.
Now in the rear seat of the dark cab Dawn wished that she had not been so
willing to comply with her friend's suggestion. She gripped Suzanne's hand
tighter. The bumpy ride leveled off as they crossed Market. Dawn no longer heard
the familiar cable car bells and the streets outside looked grim and deserted.
Swerving on to Folsom, the driver sped west.

"Here, this is for you."

Dawn felt her friend's fingers slip from her hand. She turned her head. Suzanne
held something in her hand. When she raised it up outside lights flashed into
the cab and Dawn saw it was a dark scarf draped over her friend's fingers.

"Suzanne, are you sure this is a good idea?"

"Positive. Now look away."

The blind felt soft as it closed over her eyes. Dawn sat passively as her roomie
tied the scarf behind her auburn hair. She felt fingers gently pull her chin
back and warm fingers resume holding her hand.

"It won't be long now." Suzanne's luminous eyes sparkled and what teeth the
could been seen between her wide lips glittered as she sat back in the seat. She
leaned closer to Dawn to whisper encouragement next to the pretty one's ear and
soothingly stroked her hair. "Here, let me remove those earrings of yours."




The music sounded muted and a blast of cool, foggy air hit Dawn as she was
helped from the car. Her mind raced as she that her friend had been right about
them almost arriving at Klub Knoir. Shortly after she had been blindfolded the
cab had pulled to s stop and Dawn heard the rear door open. The music and air
followed. She gripped Suzanne's arm to steady herself and then followed as she
was lead toward the source of the thumping bass.

Inside the music was very loud. Other shoulders bumped into them as they
continued walking. Dawn tried to sense her surroundings, but could only imagine
by feel and sound. Suzanne held her arm tightly as they made there way into the
club and then they stopped. Dawn heard Suzanne's voice say something to a man. A
door was opened and they stepped into a much quieter place.

"You better have one of these."

She recognized the feminine voice and felt her head slightly tilted back. The
rim of a shot glass touched her lower lip. She swallowed as its contents poured
into her mouth. Behind the blind, Dawn's eyes watered. She knew tequila, and
what she had just swallowed burned her throat. The straight shot made her cough.
She felt like retching, blindfold or no.

"More?"

Dawn shook her head from side-to-side. A small hand-probably Suzanne's-patted
the back of her wool jersey. Her heart beat faster. The liquor still burned but
she also felt the buttons of her top being undone. Other hands guided her arms
away from her sides. Dawn could not calm the rising and falling of her chest as
she felt the top pulled off and her wrists bound. Her footing seemed to reel.

"Still," the familiar voice said. "I think you could use another shot."

This time Dawn kept her head still. She opened her lips. The tequila burned
again, but not as much as before. Already, her head was feeling both heavy and
light. She felt the knotted scarf behind her head being untied. Brilliant light
began to emerge.

Suzanne watched from the circle outside of the overhead light as the half-naked
man pulled away the blindfold from Dawn. Her roommate looked splendid. The baby
blue & lace demi heaved under creamy mounds lit from above. The gauzy material
showed small dark circles and failed to conceal hardening nipples. Exquisite
kinetic sculpture came with each torso twist. Out-stretched arms defined. Auburn
hair cascaded over pale shoulders, and emerald eyes sparkled as the scarf was
removed from the pretty face. Suzanne stepped forward, close to the perimeter of
the small stage, brushed back her long brunette hair and said, "Welcome to Klub
Knoir." She heard the men behind admiringly applaud her half-exposed guest.
Suzanne added her smile.

She stepped onto the tiny pedestal and brushed her lips across Dawn's cheek as
she whispered, "Sure you want to go through with this?" A light salty taste
tingled her tongue as her lips brushed past. Suzanne's lungs drank the other's
tantalizing scent.

"We're here, aren't we? Thanks to you, I might add. Plus, you've already gotten
me half undressed in this place, so why not?"

"Maybe you better have another shot-no, I have a better idea."

Dawn watched her friend, just inches away from her own face up on the stand. The
tequila mixed with the wine they had at dinner. Dawn knew she was way past being
just tipsy. Suzanne had the tequila bottle and poured the glass only half full,
but then made a surprising move: she drank the booze herself. Dawn's eyes grew
larger as Suzanne suddenly covered her lips with her own. Dawn felt Suzanne's
tongue in her mouth and with it came the booze.

"Surprised?" The brunette's violet eyes drilled Dawn's startled look. Her
finger's went behind Dawn's neck and found the tiny clasp. "You are not to wear
any jewelry unless ordered. Understand?"

Thoughts jumbled in her head. First, there was her best friend's kiss like none
other she had before, and now her necklace was being removed. Dawn concentrated
on listening.

"And, you are at all times to be respectful to your mistress and any master.
Clear?" Suzanne shouted the question into Dawn's face and dug her nails into one
of the poking nipples. Her roommate's eyes watered, but she nodded her head in
agreement. Suzanne stopped twisting the nipple and let it go. "From now on, you
are to be our slave." She lightly slapped the other's cheek, and then again
kissed her lips.

Dawn pulled at the chains holding her arms out. Suzanne's face had changed.
Unsated lust contorted her features. But the two kisses, while shocking, were
not unpleasant. The slap across her face tickled. She stared back at Suzanne and
nodded. All thoughts of the others watching from the blackness of the strange
room vanished. Dawn now thought only of Suzanne. Her eyes remained locked on
Suzanne's face as she felt her friend's fingers unzip the skirt she wore. Dawn
felt the wool drop.

Suzanne stepped back down as two black figures entered the light. She was
pleased that Dawn wore matching panties tonight. A thin horizontal strip showed
through the light blue. Midway up her thighs rode sheer hose. The men knelt at
Dawn's feet and removed the satin pumps she wore. They wrapped ankle straps
around the legs, attached chains and spread them wide. "You can take those
stockings and that bikini bottom," Suzanne said. "I doubt that she will be
needing them tonight."

Dawn's heart beat faster as Suzanne disappeared into the dark. The two men tied
her ankles and stripped off her underwear. She was left by herself, chained
spread-eagle, in a room filled with strange men and wearing only a see-through
bra.

She sighed a sigh of relief when Suzanne reappeared, and then gasped. She had
changed. She now wore only black calf boots and a black thong. Dawn saw that
Suzanne also carried something in her hand. She arched her back as Suzanne
stepped back on the little pedestal and looked as though she was going to plant
another kiss.

"See this?"

Dawn blinked her eyes and looked at the straps held just under her nose.

"Its called a "flogger". Get used to it." Suzanne laughed out loud and slid the
thin shoulder straps off the white shoulders. She pulled Dawn's bra down. Out
bounced the freed tits as the crumbled cups hung underneath. Suzanne stepped off
of the stand, but close enough for the flogger to reach. She spun the soft
strands and then flicked them out towards one nipple.

Pulling down her bra caused sharp inhale. Another sharp intake swelled her
ribcage as the flogger hit. Dawn cried out at first. She continued to suck in
air with every hit, but initial fear rapidly turned to pleasure as more of the
soft tips slapped against her breasts.

"Want more to drink, slave?"

Dawn sweated in the excitement. The spot above also warmed. She took pride in
her golden tan, but the stark light above made her look all pale. She licked her
lips as the flogging stopped. She opened her eyes. The drinks were making her
groggier and her vision turned glassy. She shook her head and said, "No thank
you...mistress."

"Good, slave." Suzanne wanted to rake her nails down the ribs, across those
thighs and mash those tits, but instead looked at the trail of auburn pubic
hair. She threw down the flogger and was handed what she wanted.

Dawn felt her cheeks blush and closed her eyes. She tilted her head back to try
and escape the embarrassment as she felt the cold lather applied over her pussy
and the razor. She did have to admit though, Suzanne knew what she was doing.
Dawn felt careful touches and moves with the blade as it cut only her pubic hair
and nothing else. Nonetheless, she remained frightened and embarrassed as she
stood before those in the special room at Klub Knoir.

She looked down at Suzanne. The center part vividly contrasted with the dark
hair. She squatted in front of her. Dawn watched as more of her own bald flesh
replaced lathered white cream. Apparently satisfied with her shaving results,
Suzanne placed the razor aside and looked up. Dawn almost turned her head away,
but was riveted by the sparkling violet eyes. Suzanne's lips spread until her
teeth joined in delight. Her friend's hand reached for a small black rod and
Dawn sucked in her breath as she felt it positioned over her ass hole. Suzanne
kept smiling, but lowered her head back down. Brunette hair covered what
happened next, but the wet lapping told Dawn all she needed to know.

Dawn tossed her head back as the tongue licked and stabbed and her bottom was
prodded. She was too shocked to think. Suzanne never before had kissed her so
sensually on the lips, and certainly not down there. She tensed, but the
liquor's effects returned. Dawn closed her eyes and began to moan as she was
licked by the tongue and fucked in the ass by the dildo. Tiny beads of sweat
formed on her forehead and upper lip. Blushing cheeks flushed her face.

Eyes still closed and head back, she tensed again. Despite the strangeness Dawn
also recognized what was happening o her. The edge of a great chasm loomed. Her
rigid thighs began to tremble. She pulled the chains holding out her arms and
whipped her hair from side to side. Fire ignited her loins.

And then, the licking stopped.

Startled, she opened her eyes wide and brought her head up. Dawn didn't realize
how much she was sweating, but the motions reawoke perceptions. Below she saw
Suzanne head and body move away. From out of the gloom a man appeared.

He was young athletic, and nude. She licked her lips. The black-haired man was
handsome. But between his legs swung the biggest cock Dawn had ever seen. It was
fully erect and pointed directly at her.

Dawn tried to jerk back, but a soft hand gently stroked her thigh. She looked
down and saw Suzanne take the cock by its shaft and nudge the huge head between
her shaven lips. Suzanne's pink tongue, the same one that had been just licking
her, flicked out. Shiny and bright pink, it licked the cock's shaft as her long
fingers parted Dawn's labia. Dawn deeply sucked in her breath as she felt the
penetration.

His eyes looked sweet, and she watched them as he sunk filled more of her. The
man moved to kiss her, and to Dawn's surprise, she closed her eyes and opened
her mouth. She murmured as they passionately kissed and felt his hands fondle
her breasts.

When he pulled out, Dawn almost groaned, but quickly reminded herself not to be
so wanton. Her eyes did follow him, however, as he lightly kissed her lips and
then moved behind. She looked straight ahead and felt the small dildo replaced
by the enormous head of his cock. No way did she imagine him fitting inside.

A sheen of sweat covered her. Beads of perspiration dripped down her face. Dawn
threw her head back and cried out as she was sodomised. The pain etched her
features. Her head felt forward. Hair covered her face. Fingers lifted her chin
and she once more saw Suzanne. This time, the new slave wanted to kiss.




Dawn moaned. Suzanne's fingers rolled around her engorged clit. She now wanted
more of the man's cock in her ass. She had forgotten how fast her heart was
beating. The strobes reminded.

Flashing lights showed how many were in the room. From their silhouettes Dawn
saw that most of them were males, although here and there stood what looked to
be females. On the far side of the room shown a steady ceiling light, like the
one above her on the tiny stage. It illuminated a large bed. Surrounding the bed
on three sides stood floor-to-ceiling mirrors.

Suzanne placed a simple black band around her neck. Dawn felt the collar lock in
place. One wrist was released and then connected to a ring in the back of the
collar. The other arm was likewise attached. A silver leash was clipped to a
ring in the front. Reflected in the mirrors, Dawn could see herself, elbows now
high, a man behind her and her own nudity. She glanced back down as Suzanne
gently pulled on the leash and lead her to step off of the platform.

The man followed. His fingers held Dawn's hips as the two of them stepped
forward. His cock remained deeply implanted inside.

Dawn realized as they stepped through the others that Suzanne seemed to know
some of them. She gave out friendly greetings as that slowly made their way
closer to the mirrors and bed. Dawn gasped as something from the group stung one
side of her ass, but they kept moving. The strobes made it difficult to see any
of the faces as she passed. Arms reached out to touch her breasts. Flashes of
light helped some: fingers and hands from thrust arms showed.

Light grew brighter and steadier as they neared the bed. Dawn could see that its
spread was exotically embroidered. Her reflection from the mirrors was much
clearer. A red welt appeared on the side of her hip, probably caused when she
felt the sting. She could see the young man behind her, still fucking her ass.
Suzanne unhooked the leash and threw it aside. She then lay on her back on the
big bed. Looking back at Dawn as she watched, Suzanne lifted up her bottom and
slid off the thong revealing her narrow strip of pubic hair, one Dawn had only
seen before when the two of them did workouts.

This time, she knew, was to be different.

The man in her moved the two of them around so that they were near the head of
the bed Suzanne lay upon. His fingers dup deeper and Dawn felt herself lifted as
his thigh straddled Suzanne. Dawn's ass remained high as the cock continued to
pump inside it, but her upper body rested on elbows placed on either side of
Suzanne's hips. Dawn's face lightly brushed her friend's pussy.

She looked up. Others no longer were just dark shapes. They stood around the end
of the bed. Dawn looked for help, but none moved. Out of the corner of her eye
she saw a tall blonde gowned in black move to the side of the bed, closer to the
headboard. Her severe features made Dawn shiver. The blonde's hand swung. It
held a black crop. Dawn yelped as it smacked across her bottom, one red end
crossing the first welt. All was reflected in the mirrors. A long arm from the
man fucking her shot out. Its hand rudely shoved her head down. Dawn's lips met
Suzanne's.

Dawn used her upper legs to buck backward and swivel her hips. The crop made her
sphincter tighten around the thick shaft. She milked the cock and furiously
wagged her tongue into Suzanne, using its tip at times to flick her clit. She
drank her friend's juices as they flowed. She made soft grunting noises as she
bucked and licked until she felt Suzanne tense and the cock filling her burst
its load. Fingers left her own pussy and she heard a muffled cry. The man yelled
louder and savagely thrust as he expended himself.

Suzanne crawled out from underneath. Another man replaced her. His cock was also
erect, but was not as large as the other who also left. Dawn swung around on the
bed. Straddling the new man, she lowered herself until his cock entered her
pussy. Hands released her wrists from her collar. Still flexible from her
college cheer-leading days, Dawn leaned backward. She reached up and held two
more cocks to her mouth. Her thighs and hips pumped the cock inside her as her
tongue licked and sucked.

The attendees watched the new slave in her various positions service all
including the dominatrix with the crop. They later repaired to another room
called the Torture Chamber where the young woman was pierced and tattooed. Those
present delighted in her varied performances.

"I'm going to leave now. Work tomorrow, you know. Be your best," said Suzanne.
She whispered her goodbye into one of Dawn's ears and deeply plunged her tongue
into her mouth before leaving. Her roommate could call in sick, but she needed
her rest for the coming day's events.




Dawn covered her eyes with her sunglasses. They weren't to protect against the
sun-it would not rise for another hour, or so. Blocking out what light there was
helped recall recent events. The cab she entered left the curb and navigated the
wet streets. Occasionally, she saw the odd commuter or merchant preparing for
the new day. The cab crossed Market, and then drove up the hilly street,
bouncing across cable car tracks on its way to the condo she shared with Suzanne
.

She wore all of her clothes, except for her bra and panties. Dawn no longer
would wear such things. Beneath the outer clothes she knew were her two newly
pierced nipples and pussy. The shoulder tattooed with the circle logo of Klub
Knoir smarted. The rest of her ached. Her entire being was sore.

Despite all from the night before, another day began to dawn. The new slave
secretly smiled. She could not wait to return.



The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





