BDSM Library - Lizzie's Miami Vice




Lizzie's Miami Vice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The couple wanted to have a great vaction at Miami. But they arrived at wrong time and what happened was the least they expected.
This story is based on a real life experience of a brave lady,
Thank you Liz for helping me to make
Another story by PAGAN
                                                                             
LIZZIE`S MIAMI VICE.

Liz was singing as she packed for their weekend at South Beach Miami,the
forecast was hot even in May so just a few dressy things but mostly little tops,
short pants and sexy swimwear,she knew her hubby,Jake would be close so she
thought,If you`ve got it girl, flaunt it,and she knew she had a cute body that
she was proud of and any woman in Miami over the Memorial weekend could envy it.

It was obvious when they booked in to their hotel that it was not a weekend for
white people to be in Miami,the place was full of loud coloured people and
differently more men than women, it seemed that a rap company had set up a
weekend show and white people kept away because of the notorious crime rate,so
there was some serious thinking for Liz and Jake to think about before they
unpacked.

The weather was hot and if they kept to the beach maybe they could salvage a
good weekend after all they would lose money if they cancelled and went home,so
they unpacked and prepared to have some fun.Liz put on a skimpy bikini then a
wrap around top and short summer skirt,they had the rest of the afternoon and
two more days so it was down to a bar, a few drinks then hit the beach for a
chill out and that was going to be the agenda for the next few days.

It took them three attempts to find a bar with at least room to move and order a
drink and they soon realized that coloured men get very loud when they party and
what they say is sometimes an eye opener to a lady,Liz knew they liked what they
saw in her,blonde with a cute white body with large breast`s all easily seen in
her skimpy clothes,no matter how hard she tried to stay close to Jake some one`s
eye`s were undressing her or a hand was on her bum giving it a good fondle and a
voice could be heard saying how much they would like their cock in her mouth or
what they would do to her cunt or ass given half a chance.

The beach was bliss and they soaked up the rays all afternoon,Liz ignored the
remarks made by passing men and enjoyed being with Jake.After they showered they
found a bar to eat and drink and even got to join in the dancing and there they
partied till the small hours,as they got back to their room they were pleased
they had stayed and enjoyed a good night of loving sex.

After breakfast they made their minds up not to waste it by drinking in bars all
day,Liz knew if she did she would be fondled and stared at like a common
whore,no way, they got a few beer`s and a picnic and went to the beach where
they could spend they day,a very hot day it was heaven just lying in the sun.By
the middle of the afternoon Jake was not feeling to good,the beer from last
night and the heat made him sick,he decided to go back to their room for a lay
down,Liz said she would have another hour and then be back,it wasn`t the best
hour of her life as man upon man bothered her,every time she dozed a hand would
be on her,touching,feeling trying to arouse her, all it did was annoy, so she
gave up and prepared to go back to the hotel and see how Jake was.She was in for
a shock,as she picked up her towel she realized that Jake had taken her wrap by
mistake when he picked up their things,she was left with her bikini,that was a
skimpy top and thong,nothing for it but to make it back the best she could.

On the way back she got lot`s of hoots and yells,then she hit the street
crowds,she only had three blocks to walk but her ass must have been felt up at
least twenty times,she was relived when she made the hotel and started up stairs
she really didn`t take notice of the five men walking up behind her, after all
it was a hotel,she reached her room and put the key in the door and pushed the
door open.

As she opened the door a hand shoved her hard inward,Jake didn`t have time to
get off the bed before two of them were hitting him,he didn`t stand a chance and
she watched as they dragged him to a chair and found some cable and tied him to
it,then Liz  was thrown on the bed,she laid their pleading with the five huge
men begging them to leave them alone and not to hurt her she started offering
money she told them to take their money they just laughed as they told her they
would take what they liked and what they liked was a slut, a cute sexy white
whore who enjoyed teasing black men well this is what you get when you tease
black men they were going to make her a big black cock loving bitch,Liz was so
scared she couldn`t speak all she could do was watch as two started to take
their clothes off and the other three found tie`s,belt`s and cable to tie her to
the bed.

She felt so helpless as her bikini was ripped from her  body and five naked well
hung black men started to touch her every where,she closed her eye`s as hands
pushed between her legs and in to her cunt and her nipples rolled between strong
pinching fingers,all she could hear was the filth pouring from their mouth`s as
they told her what they were going to do to her and worst of all what she was
going to have to do to them.

She didn`t have time to think she turned her head to see Jake slumped in the
chair tightly bond,she wanted to call to him but a rough hand grabbed her face
and turned it,she was staring as the biggest of black cock,"Suck it you white
shag toy and suck it good,"it was slapped hard into her face hurting her nose
and cheeks until she opened her mouth and with a shove it was in she thought god
it`s so big and still it wasn`t erect,she used her tongue to try and fend it off
but that just excited him more and he rammed it as far as he could nearly
towards the back of her throat chocking Liz which only brought more yells from
the others,"Come on white trash suck the big mans cock,let`s see them pretty
lips stretching and sucking".

Another said,"Talking of sucking I,m going to get me some juicy pussie meat,I,m
going down on this bitch and lick her cunt so it`s good and wet for a
fucking,you gona like that fuckhole,"Liz could only look at the grinning face of
the man who was about to violate her she could`nt speak as the cock in her mouth
was growing bigger with every thrust and she was gagging for air.

The other three stood around watching their friends use the blonde beauty, they
made remarks about who was having some ass and what she will be like when they
have one up and in each of her holes at once,Liz could hear all this  and tears
were welling up in her eye`s as she concentrated on the one trying to chock her
with his cock her tear filled eyes could see the three stoking their cocks all
so big and her own legs with a black bold head between them being held wide and
high,she felt the tongue driving mercilessly in to her own cunt.

There was some movement on the bed,"Now ain`t that one wet fuckhole,think tis
time to fuck it with my old boner,you ready for some humping white trash",he
moved himself between the firm thighs and put the head against Lizzies hole,"I
hope your as tight as the last white bitch I raped",with that he rammed as hard
as he could in to Liz,she tried to scream and fight but with one in her mouth
and being tied he just took her and he took her hard laughing to his
pal`s,"She`s tight allright but white fuck holes are,them used to little white
dicks they don`t get enough black meat up it.

She could feel the hand of the one in her mouth pulling her head on to him,he
was starting to pump harder and there were moaning sounds coming from him,she
felt sick as  she knew he would`nt take it out,it was going to be her
humiliation to have to drink the sperm from these filthy men and soon she was
proved right as he released his load into her mouth,there was so much, she
chocked and spat as fast as she could she had too, or choke.

As she stopped coughing she looked into the eye`s of the one who was stuck up
her cunt,he was all white teeth,"You having a good time fuckhole,you like us
black boy`s in you ah,better than your old man`s little dick,what`s his
name,"Liz looked at him with hate in her eye`s but he took his weight on one arm
and attacked her nipples making her scream in pain,"What`s his name
fuckhole,"sobbing she said,"Jake"he looked over to one of the others,"I think it
would be nice to give Jake a closer look at what his little wife`s hole is
enjoying".

He went back to the enjoyment of fucking the beautifull blond wife as Liz looked
over to the chair, she could see that Jake had come round and was struggling as
two men dragged the chair closer to the bed and postioned it at the middle,they
laughed as they pushed his face close to the hips that where pushing a huge
black cock into his wife,"How`s that looking Jake,nice to see your wife`s hole
filled with something she can enjoy you don`t mind if we all fuck your pretty
little wife,now do you and what do you think of my man  do you think he`s
fucking her right,"Liz sobbed,"Don`t, leave him alone,"one of them looked at
her,"Shut your mouth,some-one shut her up,stick a cock in her mouth,get her
sucking again,"soon Liz had her head held hard and a cock pumping her mouth
again,she couldn`t see Jake but she could hear the taughts,"Now ain`t that nice
Jake don`t you think it`s the best way to shut a wife up,stick a cock in her
mouth and a pretty mouth like hers deserves a cock in it,now where were we, oh
yes I was asking you,is my friend fucking her good?"

A knife was held at his throat while the question was asked again,he was forced
to answer,"Yes"they shook him,"Y,Yes she is"they shook him again and showed him
the knife,he swallowed,"Yes he`s fucking her right,she likes a good fucking".

As Liz strained her eyes to her right she could see the pain etched on Jake`s
face but the way he was tied,the knife and the amount of  men in the room for
their own safety he had to play along,the man fucking her was building to cum,
he humped her very hard and then grinning down at her she felt the hot sticky
cream begin to fill her abused cunt,"Come on little lady take some blackmans
babie`s,I hope you get a good name for my baby,"those words filled her with
horror,she would have screamed if her mouth had not been stretched round a huge
black cock that was trying to block her air ways.To hoots and yells the cock
pulled out of her and she could see him smiling down at her,he rested back on
his heels then started to pull her bush of blond hair",Well Jake nice to see she
is a real blond",he pulled her hairs untill it hurt,then he fingered her sopping
hole pushing fingers in and scooping his cum out,he turned to Jake,"Here white
boy give this a lick see how your wife should taste after a good fucking,"Jakes
head was held back as the man rubbed his fingers all over his mouth,he gave him
three finger fulls before getting off the bed,Jakes head was still held when one
said,"O K boy, pick which one should fuck your pretty wife`s cunt next,who`s
cock should be up that hole giving her a good time,she ain`t gona want you after
she`s had ours up her cunt boy,now pick".

Jake had to control his anger and keep them alive,"The one in the middle",one of
the baited Jake,"The one in the middle should do what,"Jake gritted his
teeth,"The one in the middle should fuck her next,"the man got on the bed,"Hy
fuckhole your old man say`s I should fuck you so I,m gona have to do as he
say`s,"kicking her legs wide he got down and pushed his length in to Liz,"Oh man
I love white pussie,but I also love big white titttie`s,hay Jakey how`s your
wife like her tittie`s sucked,tell me boy",Jake was resigned to their
humiliation,"She likes them sucked in to the mouth and then licked fast,"Liz
didn`t understand,that was the way she liked it,how come he told them, didn`t he
realize that the continues fucking was getting to her and it was about to start
again.

He was hitting the back of Lizzie`s cunt so hard she thought he would break
through to her stomach as the one in her mouth came making her swallow more of
their filth,he looked at Jake as he stood up,"Man your wife can suck cock,you
wait boy`s till she sucks you,you`ll find out what a great mouth this white
boy`s wife has,,just look at how much she can swallow,she takes plenty both
ends,man she is one cock hungry bitch",Liz just had to lay their her arms tied
to the top of the bed as this huge man fucked her very hard the pain of him
fucking her and biting her nipples made her pass out for a time,Jake could only
watch as his wife lay their like a rag doll while this evil black monster
ravaged her defenceless body, fucking her so hard her tit`s bounced up and down
every time he stooped attacking them with his mouth,Jake was thankful when he
finally filled her with a second load but that was short lived,when he got off
the one with the biggest cock climbed on.

Jake looked on in horror as this ugly bastard took a length of cable and tied it
round one of his wife`s ankles then pushed her leg up to her chest then looped
the cable round the back of her neck,grabbing the other ankle he did the same
tying it off,leaving her totally exposed,as he did Liz came round,looking at
herself she started to scream,he hit her as they quickly shoved her bikini top
in her mouth,laughing at her muffled pleading`s,the guy looked at Jake,"She take
it up the ass white boy,she like a good butt fucking,"Liz had tried it only when
she was drunk and even then didn`t like it,he could tell by the way Jake looked
and the louder muffled screams the answer,"Looks like I,m gona bust this white
tramps ass cherry,nothing like a virgin anal induction for a real good shag but
I think I,m gona need some lube for this white butt tube,"they all laughed as
one said,"There`s enough cream up her cunt,use some of that on old whitie`s
ass-hole,man I bet she gona wiggle it".

He smiled at Jake as he pushed his cock into Liz`s cunt then slowly brought it
out,"Oh your wife has got one wet cunt,she like`s her cunt wet after a good
fucking",Jake could see it shine with her wetness then he put his fingers in her
cunt pushing them around doing as he pleased with the helpless fully exposed
woman,"Your wife has a lovely cunt,you think she`s gona want you again after
we,ve all had some,"then he rubbed all around her ass-hole,grinning down at
Liz,"Ready sweetheart,your gona get some proper ass fucking from a real
man,Ain`t that right Jake,its O K you can watch,you white boy`s get hard
watching your wives fucked by big men,"and he drove it half way in.Liz screamed
into the gag then mercifully passed out,but not for long the second hard shove
that buried him right up her, brought her back,as he pulled slowly back and
drove in again he looked down at her tear stained face,"Told you,you would like
this with a real man,white women love a black ass fucking,"and he through his
head back roared with laughter as he continued to rip and defile her ass.

As her screaming turned to a pathetic moan trying to endure the pain of him one
of the others let go of Jake and started looking round the room,he found her
bag,"Not a lot of cash,got a mobile though,"another laughed,"Well call
some-one,how about the hut,"Liz could hear this,she listened hoping to hear the
end of their hell and to stop the sound of the grunting animal that seemed to
want to her fuck forever,"How`s it goin,-------Us to-------Blond, big tit`s,nice
body------Sounds good to me,-------I,m sure they will,-----With-in the
hour,------Keep her hot-----See you then.They got a party too, say`s they will
share if we bring our guest,I said yes, are we on".

The animal on Liz got up more speed in his rhythm and pumped his cock in her ass
while he mashed his mouth on to her tit`s then his head lifted and he grinned in
to the gagged woman's face,"First load of cum up that ass,you gona love the
feeling",the cock pumped so much into her she felt the cream filling her until
he pulled out,she felt it running out and down her cheeks to drop on the bed,
her head swam as the pain stopped,opening her eyes she saw them talking as they
dressed,then one went to Jake,"You love that white trash,"she watched as Jake
nodded,"Then you don`t want anything nasty to happen to her,"Jake shock his
head,"Good we understand each other then".

Three of them untied Liz and pulled her off the bed,she could hardly stand,her
hands were tied behind her and Jakes coat was picked up,she still had her bikini
top stuffed in her mouth but she started to panic as the coat covered her naked
body and the door was opened,"Jakey boy,we are going to borrow your wife`s hot
little body for a while,you sit there and keep quite and she comes back, we will
know if anything happens and you won`t see her again,do we still understand each
other,"through tears Liz saw him nod and the door shut.They dragged her down the
backstairs in to the alley,they pushed her against the wall while one of the
disappeared.The other four surrounded her she looked into their faces for any
sign of compassion there was none just a hand inside the coat pinching her sore
nipples,then car headlights filled the ally

They pushed her in the back of the car,blindfolded her and the car moved
off,they drove for about twenty minutes and for that twenty minutes her body was
played with by both men ether side of her,while she had to listen to their crude
remarks,"You gona give old Jakey another chance to prove he's a man,reckon he
needs to grow some to fill that well stretched cunt we,ve given you,reckon she
gona want some more black meat,if I was Jake I wouldn`t leave her at home,she
gona be out looking for big cock now she has a taste for it,talking of taste she
sucks a good cock,I fancy her mouth right now,come on whore want to suck some
more,"all these word s were coming at her amongst their laughter,"She ain`t got
time to suck now we are almost there,"and soon the car came to a stop.

Liz was bundled out of the car, a hand fondled her naked bottom as she was
pushed through a door and the coat was pulled off and more voices could be
heard,"Hay,that is a cute body,you screwed it good already,hello baby got some
left for us,nice tit`s that`s what I call a good handfull,gemmy some,"Liz jumped
as a hand squeezed her breast and another hand felt between her legs,"Take that
out her mouth,no-one can hear her out here beside there`s other things to go
inbetween them pretty lip`s",Liz could hear music in another room and soon she
was being pushed towards it,a door opened as the music suddenly got loud and
more voices confused her ears,she heard one of her kidnappers say,"Hay your`s
ain`t bad were`d you get her,"another said,"Found her and her fella on the on an
empty bit of beach giving it kissy,kissy,so we kicked the shit out of him while
we fucked her,then some-one said lets have a party so we brought her along,he
ain`t gona say anything,white shit should`nt be here this weekend so they get
what they disserve,a kicking for the men and a fucking for the ladie`s.

Liz was pushed further in to the room as more hands pawed her body,she was stood
still she could hear some say,"Who told you to stop dancin we got you a partner
so both of you wiggle those ass`s let`s have fun".A hand slapped her ass
hard,"You heard him dance and let`s see you hump that pussie",she started to
dance and do a little gyrating the more she did the louder her captors became
then suddenly she bumped in to some-one,another woman,she kept her wit`s about
her and whispered,"Keep dancing and keep quiet,"as they kept touching the yells
got louder,obviously that's what they wanted and she realized the other woman
was tied the same as her,they had both been raped and brought here for more
amusement.

Suddenly Liz realized what their amusement was going to be,"You two white`s do
some kissin and let see them pussie`s rubbing together and do it good or we
redden them ass`s till you do",Liz could`nt believe what had happened to
her,never before had she thought about sex with another woman and here she was
rubbing her tit`s and pussie`s against one,she knew it would be pointless to
fight,tied up,blindfolded and not knowing were she was,if she escaped she may
find herself worse off,she thought of her running tied up and naked to some-one
for help,no, she would have to do what ever these sick black men wanted if she
was to survive and see Jake again.

She ran her head around the other girls face until their lip`s meet and she
started to kiss the other woman,she knew this is what the men wanted as the room
filled with yell`s and cat-calls,Liz felt the other woman's tongue slip into her
mouth they both started to snog each other,"Come on ladie`s rub them
pussies,squash them tittie`s let`s see you enjoy each other,"then Liz`s heart
sank,"Then we can all enjoy both of you again".The girls kissed and rubbed
themselves up and down each other,Liz didn`t find it unpleasant,especially after
what she had been through until,"O K ginger get on the floor so blonde can lick
that pussie out for you and you blonde, we want to see that tongue you had in
her mouth up her cunt all the way up her cunt".

Liz felt the girl go down and followed her down it was difficult to find her and
the men all laughed as they shouted out direction`s for her to follow, she got
down on the girl and started to find her cunt lip`s,having never done anything
like this before she just pushed her face into her cunt and started to taste
her,it was awful but there was no way out and too the cat-calls of the men she
worked with her tongue on the pussie stuck in her mouth.

The men soon got tired of that and Liz felt hands on her,she was turned round
and they enjoyed spanking her until both of them were sucking and licking each
other out as fast as they could,oh god she was getting wet and pushing her cunt
in to Liz`s mouth forcing her to suck on the foul tasting juice,the tickling of
her tongue on Liz`s cunt did nothing for her as her cunt was still sore from the
rape in the hotel,it was horrid as the girl kept spurting juice on to her
tongue, this really turned their captors on,the one who had sounded to be the
boss spoke,"Hay ginger you got that blonde cunt wet,I hope so for her sake cause
I,m gona have some of it",Liz froze as she heard movement,then hands on her
ass,"You lick my balls ginger while I fuck this blond bush,"A slap on her ass
was the signal for her to prepare as a huge cock started to push in to her sore
pussie,"Keep licking her cunt baby get some ginger bush in your mouth while I
give your cunt a good seeing to", and with a savage thrust he buried himself up
her and all she could do was lay on the girls body,put her head back between her
legs and start licking and sucking her again,humiliated by the yells of others.

With her hands tied she could`nt stop him and he laid across her back fucking
her hard as he pushed the back of her head hard in between the girls legs,as he
fucked her he would stop, take it out and shove it down the throat of the girl
under her then back in her again to continue his hard thrusting movement,it
seemed to go on for ever as the others started to get restless,she could hear
them shouting,"Come on man,we want some,fill her up so we can have some fun with
them,"Liz knew that when he finished his abuse of her something else was going
to happen to her and it was sooner than she thought suddenly he pulled out of
her and she heard him tell the other to suck him off and then swallow, all of
it,the other`s yelled again as she felt him move away,then there was a lot of
movement from all side`s.

Her arms were grabbed from ether side and she was pulled to her feet,a voice
came from right in front,"Hello,how about you coming to the bedroom with me and
my friends we want to have some fun with you,she cried "Noooooo",but all she got
was laughter,"Oh your coming all right and many time`s whether you want too or
not, we can make you white cunt`s love cock".

Much as she wanted to cry,what was the point as they marched her in to the
bedroom, she stumbled towards the bed but before she got there,they turned her
round, the one behind her sat on the bed pulling her down and pushing her to her
knees,he grabbed her hair,"Open wide lady,you are going to suck some cock and
while you do my hands are gona have me some fun with your tittie`s and
pussie,now suck,"he shook her hair and she felt a hard cock slapping her
face,"Come on blonde I want your cute little mouth round this and you get
sucking good or I,ll hurt you bad.

She was resigned to her fate,she knew if she opened her mouth to plead it would
be filled with cock anyway so she just opened it and took the filthy cock in and
started to tongue and lick it.One set of hands was replaced with another pulling
her head forward on  to the cock as she felt hands come around from behind and
start to squeeze and maul her breast`s.As her nipples were pulled so hard she
was moaning in to the fat cock stuck in her,"Oh man what tittie`s big and
firm,just how they should be,you reckon boss man will let me take her to my
basement,"Liz looked up to the face of the man she was sucking,"No she has to go
back,hay lady you don`t want to know about his basement it`s more like a torture
chamber,he has allsorts of nasty thing,the last one he had down there nearly had
her tit`s torn off,you don`t what to go,your having a good time ain`t ya?now why
don`t you show me a good time and do some ball licking,I love a pretty white
girls tongue making my balls all nice and clean,"Liz carried on sucking trying
to make him come quicker,he shoved all ten inch`s hard down,blocking off her
wind pipe she was chocking starting to turn blue as the men held her,"Every time
I do this I leave it in a little longer,but you could always lick balls lady".He
slowly pulled it out and she chocked the breath back in her body,soon her tongue
licked under his heavy sack, his sweat tasted foul, all the time hands hurt her
nipples and pussie,the third one who had been watching and stroking his
cock,"When you two have finish the first course I say all three of us  dine on
white meat,all three at once".

Liz was pleading with the,offering to do anything but what they had in mind,it
was no use two of them forced her on to the bed and down on the cock waiting
there,then some-one got the back of her head and pulled her forward pushing
another one in her mouth and she felt some-one moving behind,the tip of a cock
pushed between the crack of her ass-cheeks and found her hole,she hoped she was
still loose from the last invasion,it started it`s way in,thankfully it wasn`t
as bad as the first time as it sunk home.The three of them treated her like a
piece of meat,their`s to do with as they pleased as they fucked her with out
mercey. Others came in the room,laughed and joked,had a feel of her tittie`s or
slapped her ass making filthy comments,one of them started to wank her clit as a
cock rubbed it and to her surprise for the first time she began to get wet and
they knew it.

It was certainly easier than last time but Liz didn`t have time to enjoy it as
she concentrated on all the men were doing,with her hands tied they moved her as
they wanted,pulling her head hard down on to the black meat stretching her mouth
the other two were fucking her as hard as they could she thought they would rip
the thin membrane inside her as they pumped in and out.it was as if by signal
that the three all started to cum at once,she even heard one say,"Nice
timing,"and another say,"Plenty of practice raping white ass,"and as she tried
to swallow the filth pouring in to her mouth both her other holes filled with
cream and she hung there as they all gave each other high fives congratulating
them selves on a fine fucking of the pretty white fuckhole.

They let her fall on the bed and she heard them laughing and joking as they
left,she tried to sit up,wondering if this was the time they would take her back
to Jake.The door opened and she heard two more voice`s,"Hay baby you here all
alone,that ain`t very nice,you don`t mind if we sit with you,"she felt the bed
move ether side of her,she went to speak but he carried on"You looked all
tuckered out,you must be tired,her put you head down on my lap,"she felt a hand
go to her shoulders and pull her sideways,she fell left and her head slapped
down on a pair of naked thigh`s,"And while your down there you may as well make
you self useful,"her hair was pulled back and up,turned and pushed down onto yet
another hard cock,"Get that in your neck,"she just opened her mouth and took it
she knew what she had to do and she sobbed a little as she felt her ass-cheeks
being felt, pushed open and a finger pushing in to her abused sore pussie.Both
of them emptied them selves in to her as they had her bent on the bed,one in her
mouth the other up her cunt,as they were finishing the job,Liz heard a lot of
noise,she could hear slapping and the other girl trying to cry out through a
gag,she heard,"We told you to do it right, now we get to beat the shit out of
you,fucking white meat,"other voices joined in,"Let`s skin her ass,peel her ass
with your belt lets see some blood,"the whipping noise carried on as the two
fucking Liz got excited and blew their loads in her,"See blonde,that's what you
get when you don`t let us have you,your lucky you was a good fuck or you`d be
swinging from a beam,boy they sure do sound as if them given her a whopping".It
stopped as quick as it had started and then the door opened,Liz could hear
sobbing,by the sound there was lot`s of them,"O K blonde,time for you to go,want
a drink,"Liz almost cryed but said,"Yes please",anything to get the taste of all
that filthy sperm she had swallowed,she was grabbed and pulled to the
floor,kneeling she raised her head,"Open your mouth,"then movement and a pair of
long legs were ether side of her,her head was pulled up and her mouth made
contact with,oh no,that girl,she tasted that girls cunt again,"Keep your mouth
open,"and she felt the girl almost sit on her face,Liz`s mouth now covered her
cunt,"Ginger you now what we all did to you,well now it`s your turn,"and to
Liz`s horror and small jet of urine spurted into her mouth,a hand held her head
tight into the cunt as the small jet became a stream,"Swallow  it all if you
want out blonde,"with those words Liz swallowed,knowing her life depended on it.

After what seemed a gallon of piss it stopped,she knelt there chocking,sobbing,
pleading as she heard,You two,take her back to the hotel,if all seems cool let
her old man have her back,if not,well we can allway`s use another hooker",Liz
got up,first they took her to a dirty bathroom,untied her,let her take off the
blindfold while she was alone in there,she cleaned herself up and combed her
hair,being pretty she soon looked good again,she put the blindfold back on and
waited to be retied,then she felt the coat put back over her,they lead her back
out in to the cool night air and in to the car,she even raised a trembling smile
as the car pulled away.

They had`nt gone far when she found herself bent over blow-jobing another
cock,he said it would help to pass the time and beside`s she was now expert at
the art,half way through the journey they changed places as she worked hard on
pleasing them by giving real deep throat and licking every inch up and down
espically tickling the tip with her tongue, the frightening word`s,"Need another
hooker" still rang in her ears.The car pulled up in the ally and she had her
blindfold removed,he helped her up the stairs,if you can call,coming up behind,
her putting his hand up between her leg`s enjoying playing with her naked
cunt,help,then they were on her floor,they had taken the key and he put it in
the lock,holding her as a shield he opened it,Jake was still sat tied to the
chair,he pushed Liz in and closed the door,"Hy ya Jakey boy missed us"?

He took her coat off and sat her on the bed facing Jake,"There you are, she
don`t look to bad,her holes are a bit bigger than last you knew but thats to be
expected when she has been given a good fucking by men,why don`t you tell Jake
all about the party you just been too I bet he`s dying to know,"she looked at
him and bent her head,"No please don`t make me,it`s not fare,"he laughed at
them,"Life ain`t fare baby, now tell him then I will go,but I do enjoy a bed
time story,"she looked at the clock by the bed,3.30am she had been raped for
twelve hour`s.

The way he was grinning at her she knew she had too, there was no way out of
it,she took a deep breath,looked at Jake and started.She told him of the drive
and arriving at the house, then the girl,the dancing and what the had made her
do,the gang member took great delight in filling in what Liz tried to hide,"Jake
your wife has a wicked tongue it was stuck so far up that cunt,licking and
slurping she loved it,she licked her really hard when we came up behind and she
got a cock up her she was wiggling her ass as we fucked that pretty cunt,we knew
she would take us all by the way she moaned,she didn`t have you there to keep
her under control so she could enjoy all our cocks,"Liz said,"That`s a lie all
you did to me was forced,I hated it,"he stared at Jake,"Then tell him the rest,"
she told Jake how they dragged her in to a bedroom and made her suck cock while
they played with her tit`s from behind,suddenly the man sat on the bed got hold
of her and pulled her up,he undid his trousers and pulled his cock out,"Hearing
you talk about all your fun has got me hard come here and sit on this while you
tell Jake the rest,"she was pulled back and down till she impaled herself on his
hard cock.

He pushed hard up,sinking it up her to the hilt,he put his hands round,"Jake
your wife has ace tit,all the guy`s got a good suck on them you should have seen
the way she stuck her nipples in all our mouths and that includes the other
fuckhole we had there",she sobbed,"Please Jake don`t believe him,I hated it,"as
she said that his hands dropped to her clit and started wanking her as he fucked
her by pushing her up and down the entire length of his cock.

She carried on telling him about the two who did her next,how they sat by her
and pulled her down forcing her to suck one until she was turned to be double
end fucked.As she told Jake the man rubbed her and as he thought she got wet,he
could tell it was getting to her,as she told about the woman being whipped he
slowed his rhythm down but she carried on,using her legs to pump herself up and
down,he stopped completely and went to work on her tit`s she was breathing hard
as she tried to finish the story he had forced her to tell,Jake watched his wife
bouncing up and down in front of him,though she didn`t want too, an orgasm was
building,she closed her eye`s and hoped her husband would realise that she had
been fucked so much her body was finally going to  betray her.

Liz screamed as she came,he grinned at Jake as his cock burst all it`s sperm up
her,he pumped her again and again until he got rid of it all,then pushing her
forward and on to her knees,she looked up at Jake as the other grabbed her hair
and ordered her to lick him clean,his grin got wider as he held Liz and pushed
in to her mouth making her suck every drop off the thick black meat.He untied
Liz and looked at both of them,"You tell no-one,you don`t go to the police you
go back to Michigan and stay there,if we hear you have opened you mouth to
any-one some other`s will visit your wife while you are at work and they won`t
be as gentle as us,mind you having screwed your wife three times today she may
like that,now you two drive carefully,I hope I see your wife again,bye till the
next time,"the door shut and Liz got up and went to untie Jake,she looked at him
and he had a sympathetic look on his face and a big bulge in his trousers,she
bent forward and kissed him then whispered,"You want to fuck me".

PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





