BDSM Library - Scully - Arab Toy




Scully - Arab Toy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Agent Scully, of X-Files, gets kidnaped in the middle east. She is first made into a sex toy, then a dog, during which time she is bred to other real dogs, at the same time that she is being raped, she gets pregnant, and they knock her out just as she is ready to deliver. When she comes to, she's in a kennel with four brand new baby puppies & thinks that they are hers, so she breast feeds them. The shieks son then figures out several tortures, one of which is using a dairy style milking machine on her breasts several times a day, & even hooks a tube up to her clit, to make her horny and to make her clit even bigger. Frequently while she is hooked up to the milking machine, she is raped &/or sodomized.
SCULLY - ARAB TOY
By Kingdom.


PART 1

For about ten minutes it was perfect.  Mulder beside her, on
horseback, heading for the Pyramids in time for the sunset.  Scully
purred inside and gave a grateful thankyou to Skinner for having
arranged this break for them and then insisting that they went.  What
could be better?

As Mulder's horse lowered its left front leg to the desert, it
suddenly caught sight of a scorpion, tail raised, just in front of it.
The horse screamed in panic, threw back its head and bolted straight
ahead.  Taken by surprise, Mulder lost contact with one of the
stirrups and it took all of his agile strength to hold on as the horse
galloped away.  He did not have time to think about Scully as he was
too busy saving himself from crashing to the ground.

In shock Scully's horse took off as fast as it could run, but away to
the right, at right angles to Mulder's disappearing tracks.  Scully
was no horsewoman but she had been told that the secret to staying on
was to grip with your knees.  She lowered her head against the rushing
wind and gripped as hard as she could, determined to stay on no matter
how fast the horse ran.

For ten or fifteen minutes the horse rushed across the desert sand
until its strength began to weaken and the panic drained out of it.
Scully found that she was panting for breath as they eventually came
to a halt in a circular dune.  Looking up and around her for the first
time since the horse had bolted, Scully realised that she might be
lost.  In principle it should be easy.  Turn around and go back the
way they had come.  But the desert wind was strong enough to brush
away their tracks and the horse might not always have run in a
straight line.

With a determined look in her eyes Scully turned the horse's head and
kicked in with her heels to drive it up the sides of the dune.  A
while later and all that she could see was sand.  Dammit, she thought,
why didn't I bring a compass or something?  A radio?  It was beginning
to get dark and she didn't like the feeling of being out here in the
scary desert on her own.  She tried calling for help, shouting for
Mulder, but her voice seemed to be thin and wispy, blown away in the
wind.

Standing as tall as she could in her stirrups the only feature that
broke the endless sand was a thin dark line over to her left.  There
were no other clues to aim for, so she turned towards it.  To her
great relief as she neared it, she saw that it was a basic road.
Something man made at least, and that promised rescue.  With greater
confidence Scully turned up onto the road and encouraged the horse to
trot a little faster.

Darkness fell but there was enough light from the moon to see the road
clearly, so Scully pressed on.  Tired and almost in a trance as she
trotted slowly through the dark desert, the first light broke ahead.
Scully stopped the horse to see what it was.  In a moment it was clear
that it was the headlights of a vehicle and it looked as if it was
heading towards her.  Scully found that her heart was beating hard as
she hoped that the car or whatever it was would come down her road and
not turn off, leaving her alone again.  

Sure enough as she waited, the lights came closer until she could see
that it was some sort of 4 x 4 jeep heading towards her.  Scully
slipped down from her horse and stood in the middle of the road, her
arms out, waving the jeep to a halt in front of her.  Bathed in the
bright, yellow lights of its headlights Scully could see very little
of the vehicle or its passengers.

But the jeep pulled to a halt in front of her and an Arab slipped out
of the driver's door leaving the engine running.  Scully had the
impression of a brown leathery face, used to the sand and desert, and
noticed the moonlight glinting off a gold tooth as he spoke to her.
In broken English he demanded:

"You American?  You Scully?"

Scully was so relieved to hear her name that she felt tears welling in
her eyes.  

"Yes, oh yes.  Thank God!  I'm so glad to see you...."

"Come, plis."  

The Arab gestured towards the jeep and led the way.  Scully followed,
her horse behind her.  Instead of taking her to the passenger door,
the Arab headed for the back of the jeep.  By the time Scully had
reached him the doors were open and he was poking around inside the
back.  Scully thought that he was making space for her to climb into
the back and happily ducked her head in through the back doors.  As
she did so a strong brown arm wrapped itself around her and a pad of
chemicals was pressed into her nose.

Exhausted from her adventure and taken by surprise, Scully barely
struggled before the chloroform hit and she collapsed limply into the
back of the jeep.




PART 2

Scully's next memory was of a courtyard filled with noise and light
and movement.  As her groggy senses returned she found herself
outside, both hands tied behind her back, guarded by a dangerous
looking armed man.  There was shouting and bustle but she couldn't
really understand what was happening.

Ahead of her were wooden gates into a large building and after a few
minutes the gates burst open in a blaze of torches as 4 men strode
towards her. One was obviously in charge and Scully could see that all
the other men now waited for his orders.  He stood in front of her,
holding his torch high over her, an interested, amused grin on his
face as he checked over his prize.

In fast Arabic he gave instructions.  One man was sent to one side and
set light to whatever was inside a large steel drum, which began to
blaze.  The armed man behind Scully must have been told to grip her
firmly from behind as another 2 men closed in on her taking their
daggers from their waist belts.  Scully pulled but she was firmly
held.

Laughing faces pushed close to her as the knives pressed towards her.
The leader watched, amused, hand on hip in front of her.  For a moment
Scully thought that she was about to die and had a sudden rush of
feeling for all the things that she had meant to do and had never
done.  But the knives were only for her clothing.  From either side of
her the men sliced and pulled, stripping away Scully's jacket, her
blouse and slacks until she was left in her bra and pants.  She
flushed, feeling vulnerable and defenceless surrounded by all these
strange men who held her in their power.

Another order and the clothes that had been cut from her were picked
up and dumped into the flaming drum.  A wave of panic rose through
Scully as she thought of her money, her IDs, credit cards - everything
- lost so casually.  But she was distracted from the burning drum by
the leader moving smoothly towards her.  With an air of ownership he
reached forward to Scully and sliced through her bra and then either
side of her panties.  As they fell to the ground, Scully knew that she
was helpless and exposed.  His hand reached out to squeeze her left
breast experimentally.  His thumb brushed across its nipple and then
released her.

More orders.  Sharp foreign commands and the leader turned on his heel
and went back into the building.  Three of the men picked up Scully -
one at her head and the other two at her feet - and carried her across
the courtyard.  She could not see where they were taking her and so
had no warning as she was thrown into a tank of blue, grey chemical
sludge.  Spluttering and coughing Scully broke surface and found that
she was in no risk of drowning.  It was easy enough for her to stand
and the sludge only came to her waist.  But the chemical smell was
overpowering.  Then she realised.  She had been put into the sheep
dip.  The Arabs had disinfected her!

Shivering in the night air and more than a little offended, Scully was
dragged up out of the tank and was led inside the main building.
Corridors led away to the left and then down stone stairs into an open
room with high ceilings.  An enormous black Negro, bare to the waist,
stood in front of her and it seemed to Scully that she was passed over
into his care.  With a great, black, hand at the back of her neck
Scully was steered through an ornate door into what she was soon to
find was the harem.

Her nose could smell perfume and she caught the low giggles of other
women, even though she saw no-one.  The Negro was silent as he led her
to a small cell, which clearly was to be hers.  Pressing her into the
stone wall, he untied her hands and then, without releasing her,
attached her left wrist to a manacle chain that led to the corner of
her bunk.  The chain allowed her to move around her cell but not to
leave it.  All there seemed to be was her bunk, a hole in the ground
for a toilet and a tap for water.  There was no door to the cell but,
with the chain, there was no need for one.

Left on her own, Scully found that she was exhausted.  The day had
been too much for her and she curled naked onto the bed, hardly aware
of the hard chain, as she drifted easily off to sleep.




PART 3

When Scully woke her mind was full of unanswered questions.  Where was
she?  Had she left any clues behind for Mulder to track?  She guessed
that she had been kidnapped and was now being held in a wealthy Arab's
harem - but why?  And how had the driver of the jeep known her name?
How could she make her escape?

Very little happened that day until early evening.  She remained
chained in her cell.  Twice the large Negro came in with a tin bowl
full of food - rice and vegetables - which he left with her.  She
supposed that she was meant to drink water from her tap.  She hoped
that the water was clean and safe around here.  Wherever that was.

Three times young girls appeared at the door of her cell, staring at
her and giggling before running lightly away.  She tried speaking to
them but none of them seemed to understand her English.  She saw that
they were barefoot, stripped to the waist and only wore a thin, short
dancer's skirt.  Their wrists were always cuffed although the tiny
chain that linked them seemed almost light enough to break and
certainly left them enough movement to feel free.

Late in the morning she had realised that it was time to relieve
herself in the hole in the floor.  Strange as it seemed to do this
publicly in front of an open door, she accepted that this was
something that she might have to get used to.  There did not seem to
be any paper to wipe herself with, so she backed into the tap and
cleaned herself with the flow of water.

Thoroughly rested and almost bored, Scully was relieved when the Negro
eventually came to unlock her from the cell and led her out.  She
noticed that he never spoke and wondered if he was a mute or had had
his tongue cut out.  A little way down a corridor in the harem she
went through a door into a room centred on a round bath, sunk into the
floor.  The bath was full of water, smelling of lavender and jasmine,
and seemed deliciously warm.  Sighing with pleasure, Scully was only
too willing to sink into the water and let it slide over her.

Two of the other harem girls with the light, jingling chains on their
wrists came in and began to wash her down.  At first it seemed strange
and Scully wanted to stop them, to tell them that she could manage
fine without them, thank you, but their hands persisted and she
relaxed, letting it happen.

Warm water, soft hands, soap and soft clothes moved luxuriously over
Scully's body.  Well, she thought, if this is what harem life is like,
perhaps I could get used to it!  Even when hands ran over her nipples
or pressed down between her legs, Scully did not push them away.  In
fact she was sorry when they moved briskly away and wished that they
would linger some more.

Relaxed and feeling fine, all too soon the bath was over and she was
being encouraged to step out.  Scully was led out of the bathroom to
another room on which there was a flat table covered in some sort of
soft cloth.  Another two of the harem girls waited here for her.  With
smiles and hand movements they showed her that she was welcome and
invited her to lie down on the table.  Smiling and friendly, Scully
pulled herself up onto the table and lay back flat.

Again hands moved over her, but this time they seemed to be full of
oil and perfume.  She was being rubbed and massaged and stroked in a
wonderful sensual blur. Her eyes closed, Scully rolled and moved with
the pressure of the hands, happy to be kneaded and squeezed as they
worked the perfumed oils into her skin.

Up and down each of her fingers, between her toes, behind her knees,
across her belly and in the small of her back the slippery, warm hands
worked.  Scully could feel her blood tingling at the nerve ends of her
skin all over her body.  

She was hardly jarred from this blissful relaxation when the Negro's
large hand came down on her shoulders, pressing her firmly down onto
the table and holding her still.  Lower down the girls each took hold
of an ankle and pulled her legs down and apart, tying them to the
table legs with some piece of cloth.  Lifting her head, Scully was
aware that her private area now lay open to view.  But the movements
of the girls was so friendly and slow that she dropped her head again,
trusting that all would be well.

Small scissors clipped at her red public hair, soap was applied and
one or other of the girls worked on her with a razor. Somewhere deep
inside her Scully registered that she was being shaved nude down
there, but it didn't seem to matter that much.

In a moment it was done and she was being patted dry between her legs
with a soft towel.  Her ankles were left tied and spread wide across
the table though.  It seemed as though the girls now concentrated
entirely on the few square inches hidden between Scully's legs.
Working gently but firmly fingers oiled their way round her vulva
lips, squeezing and squashing.  Someone slid down to oil around and
then into her anal opening.  A moment later two finger were either
side of her clit, stroking it and squeezing and encouraging it with
oiled softness.  Scully could feel herself flushing with excitement
and was sure that her lips were puffing as she lubricated easily.

She kept her eyes shut, as she was frightened to spoil it by looking.
Instead of fingers it now seemed as if there were four mouths working
all over her.  Soft lips traced patterns across her skin, pinched
lightly at her breast, licked lightly over her lips or gently pressed
into her vagina --but never very far.

Scully began to moan and lift, trying to press into the tongues and
mouths, working with them but each time they seemed to lift and start
again elsewhere.  Waves of sensual pleasure flowed through the
redhead, each one building but never reaching breaking point.

Over and over it went until she was in a daze of sensual feeling, on
edge and beginning to crave the release of breaking through into a
climax which was always taken away from her.

At an unseen signal from the Negro the four harem girls stepped back
and released her ankles from the table.  Instead, 4 lengths of white,
silken cord was tied to her wrists and ankles and she was helped to
lift herself up from the table.  Confused, Scully looked around at the
excited faces of the girls and let herself be guided by them.

Lightly on their bare feet the girls followed the Negro out of the
harem into the main part of the building, leading Scully by her four
cords.  Through room after room the group went until the Negro made
them paused as he knocked loudly on the great door in front of him.
When he heard the permission to enter the Negro stepped aside and
motioned the girls forward.

Scully barely had time to notice that she had entered a room filled
with about 6 seated men when the harem girls around her plunged face
down onto the floor, prostrating themselves before the men.  Tugged by
the cords, Scully realised that she was expected to do the same and
rather clumsily lay down on the cold stone floor, face to one side.
She heard the sharp Arab male command that made the girls pick
themselves up and Scully allowed herself to be pulled to her feet.
She found herself standing in front of the six men.  The man who she
remembered from the courtyard the previous evening was there but to
one side.  At the centre of the room, clearly the most powerful man in
the room, was a sheikh who looked to Scully to be in his mid forties.
She noticed his eagle's nose and the way that his eyes stared at her
over thin lips, in a way that was so hidden that she could not read
his thoughts.

He seemed to pause for a moment, thinking and then nodded permission
to the harem girls waiting on him.  Scully was turned and pulled
lightly back to the centre of the room.  

Fixed in the floor was a stone, circular carving.  Almost waist high
to her the top surface of the ornately-carved circular column had set
into it a tremendous, black, glistening phallus.  Making Scully gasp
at its associations in her panicky mind, it must have risen 9 inches
from the stone column and was the width of her upper arm.  Spiralling
down and around the phallus was a twisting ridge, a raised vein of
black wood deliberately left by its carver.

Almost before she had taken this in, Scully was lifted in a daze by
the harem girls who insisted that she lower herself down onto the
black phallus.  Scully was uncertain whether to resist or not.  Her
blood was still hot from her treatment in the harem and craved just
this sort of pressure in her vagina.  A small, weaker part of her
wanted to scream and run away to safety.

With girls' hands on her back and supporting her thighs, Scully found
herself sliding slickly down the pole as it began to push its way into
her.  Her own juices , roused and ready, made it easy and impossible
for her to resist.  Her weight was enough to bury her steadily, inch
by inch, onto the pole.

When the girls could see that she was firmly embedded, more than half
way down the black pole, they released her but spread out across the
room holding on to the cords, still tied to Scully's wrists and
ankles.  The two girls holding her wrists stood to the side of her so
that her arms were pulled out to the left and right as far as
possible.  The other two harem girls held her legs 45 degrees apart
and forwards, parallel with the ground.  There was nothing to stop
Scully from sliding slowly down the phallus.

At a sharp clap of hands from the sheikh the girls began to run
clockwise around the carving, pulling Scully round with them as they
ran.  The room was suddenly full of Arab ululating as the girls made
that eerie, throaty call as they speeded up.  In a few turns Scully
felt herself sink to the very bottom of the phallus.  Somehow gravity
had forced all of it inside her and she could feel the head squashing
high up inside her pressing up against her cervix.

Scully began to feel faint and dizzy as the girls raced around,
spinning her as fast as they could.  The men began to clap  out a
steady rhythm to encourage them to keep up their pace.

She noticed that each time she spun there was a point where the raised
vein of wood, higher than the rest of the pole, pressed into the
bloated end of her clit in an electric way.  Scully moaned as the heat
and friction built inside her.  Without really planning it, she began
to squeeze together and lean her pelvis slightly forward in time to
catch the moments when the vein made contact, stroking her clit and
riding the pole.

The red-haired agent lost track of where she was, naked and shaved, a
prisoner on view in some Arab palace.  All she knew was the
overwhelming heat and sound and stamping and the blood moving through
her.  Scully wanted this orgasm and nothing else mattered.  Everything
in her gripped and squeezed and concentrated as she began to climb up
towards her climax.  She was not aware that she began to gasp and moan
out loud and that her chest flushed deep red as the blood rose into
her extended nipples.  It was only at the moment that she broke and
screamed out in deep fulfilment that she realised that she was now the
only sound in the room. Everyone else had become silent to listen to
her.

Gradually the harem girls came to a halt, their cords slack, releasing
Scully to rest her feet on the floor, still deeply embedded on the
pole.  The men leaned back and began to laugh and talk quietly amongst
themselves, lifting their drinks.

There seemed to be some discussion and Scully guessed that they were
talking about her and her performance in front of them.  As it was all
in Arabic, of course, she could not understand any of what was said
and could only half concentrate on the sound anyway, as her body began
to return down to normal again.

Unknown to Scully, they were deciding what to do with her and the
sheikh had just decided to give her to his favourite daughter, Amel,
as a pet.  Scully was to be converted into a bitch.




PART 4

The next day Scully was visited in her cell by an Indian tailor who
measured her head in great detail.  Her mouth was measured open and
closed.  By the following day Scully was being fitted into her new
dog's head.  Something like a Great Dane, the head was moulded to
completely cover her down to her upper lip.  Eye holes were left so
that she could see out easily enough, but everything else disappeared.

There was a separate piece to match for her lower jaw.  This seemed to
be glued directly onto her skin, under her chin and right round her
bottom lip.  The lower piece was linked to the main part of the head
by studs which allowed her to open and close her mouth as usual.
There was also a detachable strip which fitted right across her mouth
which kept down her tongue and made it impossible for her to speak
aloud.  This was tested and then removed for the moment.

Once the dog's head had been fitted over her, Scully's hands were each
sewn into pads to make them into proper paws - soft on top and with
firm surfaces underneath for her to walk on.  Other pads were tied
around her knees and feet to complete the transformation.

Scully had been altered magically into something like an old Egyptian
goddess.  Here animal head and pads were a lighter tan than the rest
of her naked body - but together she seemed a fabulous mythical
creature.

Where the head piece ended at her neck she was fitted with a proper
dog collar in black leather, studded with spikes and fitted with a
loop to take her lead.  This completed her costume and from that point
on she was forced to live like a dog, only walking on all fours.

She no longer lived in her cell in the harem but was moved outside to
the kennels.  For two weeks she was left to learn her new role.  Her
kennel consisted of a run of grass backed onto a small covered hut
space.  The wire roof of the run (and the hut) were no more than 3
feet high, which meant that Scully could lie down or move on all fours
- but could no longer stand up and walk as a human.

Within days she was used to shuffling around her run on her hands and
knees.  It began to seem natural to have her breasts swinging down
from her chest, her rear in the air.  She hardly noticed the mask.

Her hut was where she ate and where she went to the toilet.  Each
morning a servant would ring a bell at the back door of the hut.
Scully the dog quickly learned that the correct response to the bell
was for her to enter the hut, present her rear end and let out
whatever waste was ready to fall.  If she followed that pattern she
was rewarded with a dog dish of food for breakfast.  The tin dish was
placed on the floor of the kennel hut and Scully learned to eat as
quickly as possible, throwing chunks of the dog food to the back of
her throat. The servant picked her dish up and took it away when he
was ready to leave, whether she had finished or not.  She hated the
taste of the dog food but she would starve if she didn't eat it.  That
was her only meal in the day.

After two weeks of this training she was ready to be presented to
Amel, the sheikh's youngest child.  The servant who came each morning
to feed and clean Scully one day clipped a lead onto her and led her
out from the back of her hut.  Something in Scully knew that it would
be a mistake to try to stand up again and so she padded along behind
him as best she could.

Amel's room was in the women's part of the great house, quite apart
from the central areas.  Amel turned out to a dark-haired, coltish
girl of ten years, just getting used to her new height and small,
budding breasts.  Her eyes were wide with happiness and she clapped in
pleasure to see Scully led into her room.  The servant bowed, reached
forward to unclip Scully's collar and left them alone together.

Patting her thighs Amel called her dog to her and Scully found herself
placing her head into her young owner's lap.  Pleased, Amel began to
stroke her head, ears and shoulders, rubbing her lightly as she
prattled on in Arabic, telling Scully her plans for their life
together.

Provided that Scully remembered to keep to her role as a pet dog, her
life was much more comfortable than it had been in the kennels.  Amel
has put a soft dog bed in the corner of her room, for Scully to sleep
in.  In the dining area where Amel ate with some of the younger
children, Scully had her own dish.  She was still given dog food and
still only once a day.  But now she was encouraged by Amel to 'sit
pretty' at table, begging for scraps. They would go for walks together
and Amel would make Scully chase a ball and bring it back to her.  But
things changed after the party.

One afternoon five other small girls around Amel's age were invited
for a party meal.  Amel of course included her new pet and Scully had
been petted and pulled at by most of the children.  The girls had
eaten as much as they could and were beginning to break away from the
tables to begin playing games together.  The tables were still covered
in food and the smell began to haunt Scully.  After such a long time
of dog food she yearned to stuff cakes, tarts, biscuits, everything
and anything into her mouth.  Thinking that she had not been seen she
edged nearer one of the tables.

Her first snatched bite was successful and Scully managed to quickly
swallow down a mouthful of cake.  But as she came back for a second
bite, a small hand reached out for the same piece.  The girl pulled,
Scully pulled and, when the girl saw that Scully was winning, she
screamed as loudly as she could.  Everything in the room stopped as
all eyes turned on the girl, who was called Saheel.  She pointed
accusingly down at Scully, denouncing her in a shrill voice.

Unfortunately for Scully, the scream had also brought one of the
sheikh's men into the room.  He had been left in charge of overseeing
the party and knew what the sheikh would say to him if one of the
guests left unhappily.  Calling out for assistance from more men in
the corridor he quietened the young girls and announced to that them
Scully had been bad and so must be punished.

None of this was understood by Scully, of course, who knelt at the
edge of the room wondering what was happening.  The first that she
knew about her punishment was when 2 men came into the room with rope
and pulled her forwards.  Her front paws were tied in a knot together
and the rope thrown up over a beam, so that she was pulled up into the
air until her feet were only just touching the ground.  A second rope
was tied to one of her ankles and was tied off sideways to the edge of
the room, so that the dog was left a strange figure, half human, half
dog, hopping on one leg, the other leg raised out to her side.

Amel's party guests were encouraged to form a circle round the
helpless Scully. Saheel was invited to begin the punishment and with
relish she stepped up to swing as hard a she could at Scully's
inviting backside.  'Smack!' 'Smack!' Grunting with effort the girl
laid into her soft flesh with her flailing hand. Red areas gradually
spread across her tender buttocks as the palm connected again and
again.

Until this moment Amel had instinctively seen Scully as her property,
her new toy.  She would have protected her ownership rights if
challenged by one of her sisters or brothers.  But now, watching her
friend laying into Scully with all her strength, a deep exciting began
to build in her lower regions.  With a call to the other guests to
'get her' Amel moved into the attack.

Suddenly Scully was being smacked hard by all 6 of the feverish girls.
Now they fell all over her body as the girls reached for free areas of
the tempting target.  Swipes rained on her breasts, smacking them hard
to one side only to be hit back in the opposite direction again.  Her
belly, her cunt, back, thighs, legs - nothing was spared in the
bombardment.

Laughing and enjoying the girls' assault the man who had arranged
Scully's roping untied the knot that held her hands high in the air
and lowered her down.  He tied her off again so that her body was now
on the floor but with her hands still high above her and the same leg
still tied off and raised sideways.  The mob of party girls fell on
her greedily.

There was little room left for swinging slaps, so the girls began to
experiment with pinching her.  Left over food, squashy sweet puddings,
were slopped onto her and rubbed over her naked body.  Scully writhed
and twisted, battered from all sides.  Sometimes her raspberry nipples
were squeezed tightly between small fingers and thumbs and pulled out
as far as they would stretch.  Other girls delighted in using their
fingernails to dig in and create sharp pains. 

Unfortunately for Scully, Saheel had particularly long and sharp
fingernails.  Saheel's sexual curiosity and experience was more
advanced than Amel's and she began to concentrate her attack on
Scully's open genitals.  With her leg tied up and to one side,
Scully's lower lips were half open to the invasion.

Saheel began pinching her way up Scully's outer lips, digging in as
hard as she could with her nails.  She admired the pattern of deep red
lines that her nails made in Scully's flesh as she worked her way to
the top.  From one side she moved to the other until Scully's lips
were puffy and bruised from her attack.

Dipping her fingers into a bowl Saheel smiled happily as she rubbed a
large piece of ice-cream up and down Scully's inviting clit.  The cold
shock of the ice-cream jolted through Scully, making her hips buck off
the floor.  Excited blood stormed into her clit, swelling it so that
its proud head pushed out free from its hood.  Saheel was waiting and
flicked it hard in greeting.

Dipping her left hand again in more ice-cream, Saheel set up a new
vicious pattern of attention on Scully's bloated clit.  Four times she
would sensuously stroke and squeeze her way slowly down the length of
her clit barrel and then her nails would bite in for a biting pinch.
Then the slow strokes again.

Saheel's right hand reached out and scooped up more puddings from the
table above her and began stuffing Scully's cunt with the sloppy,
squishy mess.  Scully could no longer find the boundary between pain
and pleasure as she writhed under this rhythmic attack.  Her cries
became loud enough to distract the other girls who were tiring of
their play.  

As they gathered near Saheel, working on Scully's private parts,
Saheel looked up and smiled at her audience, inviting them to watch.
For her next trick, Saheel plunged her hand deep into Scully's cunt,
sliding easily in on the pudding sludge that now filled her vagina,
mixed with Scully's own frantic juices.  Clenching her small fist deep
inside Scully's cunt, slowly and deliberately Saheel begun pumping her
right arm in the helpless Scully, while her left hand still worked at
her clit.

It was too much for Scully to endure and very quickly her body bucked
and writhed in response to the invading fist.  As the other girls
quietened in fascination, the room filled with Scully's gasps and
moans as she pressed towards her orgasm.  The harder she called out
the firmer Saheel pumped her cunt and the tighter she squeezed around
Scully's clit.  In a great explosive spasm Scully came, her cunt
ejecting Saheel's hand and a squelchy mass of liquid pudding juice,
that dribbled down the outside of her lips. The party had been a
success.

Alone of the party guests, Saheel stayed on with Amel, sharing her
room for two further days.  It was Saheel who showed Amel how she
should liven up her afternoons.

In the quiet heat of the desert afternoon, the two girls would lie
along side each other on Amel's bed.  Saheel would strip off below the
waist and then call Scully to her.  Scully was pulled into a position
at the end of the bed, kneeling on the floor, so that her chest and
front paws lay on the bed.  Saheel would open her legs and pull her
thighs out and back towards her head with her hands, leaving her cunt
open to the dog.  Scully would begin to lick.

Once initiated into this delicious pleasure Amel took to it like an
addict.  Even after Saheel had returned to her own home, every
afternoon Amel settled back excitedly onto her bed, spread herself and
Scully performed.  A new element was added to their play when Amel
surprise her with a lash.  Even lying on her back, Amel was able to
crack down with the lash onto Scully's back and rear whenever she
wanted her to lick harder or faster.  Sometimes just because she felt
excited.  Scully simply accepted it as part of her new life.

In that Arab culture there was an ancient belief that young girls
coming into womanhood should be wet-nursed with breast milk, to
encourage their own breasts to grow fully and to be ready for their
own children.  Elsewhere, in the centre of the palace a decision was
taken to make use of Scully for this purpose.  Which meant that Scully
needed to be pregnant!




PART 5

A doctor now began to visit Scully in Amel's room every few days.
Amel would hold her pet still at her head, while the doctor inserted
his thermometer into Scully's vagina.  Her diet was changed too to
increase her chances of a healthy pregnancy. Scully hardly noticed.

When the right day was reached in her fertility cycle the sheikh
ordered that Scully should be brought to his dining room that evening
so that her mating could be the after-dinner entertainment.

In a waiting area, near the sheikh's rooms, Scully was thoroughly
washed and cleaned to make her ready.  A manservant rubbed down and
oiled her exposed flesh, taking great care to leave liberal amounts of
oil in her cunt. This time the tongue strap was fitted across her
lower jaw, making it impossible for her to speak. Then they waited for
the sheikh's signal that the meal had ended and the entertainment
could begin.

As Scully was led into the room on her leash, she found herself in a
cleared, empty space.  Around half of the room were arranged couches
and chairs where the sheikh and his guests lounged, relaxing and ready
to enjoy her performance.  A shocked jolt ran through Scully.  One of
the men watching was Mulder!  A confused mass of electric thoughts ran
through her mind.  What was he doing here?  Had she been traced?
Would Mulder rescue her?  Would be recognise her?  And a blush that he
should see her naked, tits hanging down and ass in the air as she
shuffled across the open floor.

Confused and disorientated, Scully paid no attention as her collar was
attached to a chain that ran to a heavy stone block in the centre of
the room.  The chain's length was set to allow her freedom to run
anywhere within the cleared arena.  Behind her the manservant pulled a
small jar of red liquid from his trousers and a soft brush.  Opening
the jar and dipping his brush, the servant bent to paint the liquid
onto Scully's exposed outer lips and then, pushing the brush, much
more liquid deeply into her cunt.  The liquid tingled but Scully was
still too shocked by the unexpected appearance of Mulder to pay any
attention.


Final bets were placed between the Sheikh and his guests and then at
his signal, two hunting dogs were released into the arena from
opposite sides.  One dog was the pride of the sheikh's hunting pack,
the other was the champion of one of his guests.  The bet they had
taken was to see which of the two dogs would fuck Scully first!

With a snarl the dogs initially raced at each other.  But their senses
were hit by the irresistible perfume from the liquid in Scully's
snatch.  This had been taken from bitches on heat and instantly
overwhelmed and confused the great dogs' chemistry.  Breaking off from
their attack they both moved to sniff at Scully's rear, one eye on
each other, watching for a challenge.

Scully's shock from seeing Mulder broke as she woke up to what was
planned for her.  Amazingly, although there was nothing to stop her
from standing, she had now spent so many weeks on all fours as a dog,
that her reaction was to run away from them to the limits of her chain
on her paws.

As soon as she ran the dogs chased her, used to hunting down helpless
prey.  Scully twisted and turned, dodging from one side of the ring to
the other while her audience cheered and encouraged their favourite
dog.  As she thrashed about the dogs' instinct was to close her down
and capture her so that there was little competition between them.
One would pounce towards her from one side, while the other would
chase from the other side.

Sharp teeth closed round Scully's arm and she froze to a halt,
terrified of being bitten.  The dog holding her arm in its jaw panted
and held her still, concentrating on bringing her under control.
Immediately the other hound took his chance and pressed its cold black
snout deep into Scully's crotch.  Scully jolted but did not dare to
move in case she was bitten.  A long red tongue reached into her and
lapped into her soft insides, opening and invading her deliciously.

Further down the hound's prick began to fill with blood, excited by
the heady smells of bitch on heat that soaked Scully's cunt.  Red pink
mottled meat emerged and began to twitch as the dog rapidly moved up a
gear.  The dog holding tight to Scully's arm felt the aromas and
chemistry too.  Unsure as to whether to let go of her and drive away
his rival, for the moment he growled his warning and continued to hold
on tight.

Scully felt stiff flesh stabbing hopefully at her inner thighs as the
beast hunched over her, pressing for entry.  A wave of panic and
refusal swept through her and Scully dropped her hips to the floor to
deny him entry, being careful not to move her captured arm.  The
frustrated dog barked angrily and stepped back from her.

This started a fight between the competing hounds and that allowed
Scully to pull herself up again and scuttle to the end of her chain.
But there was nowhere for her to hide.  After a good deal of growling
and biting play the two dogs again were overcome by the delicious,
urgent smell from Scully's rear and loped over to chase her.

Three times this pattern was repeated.  One or other of the dogs would
begin to mount her, Scully would drop her hips to the floor to refuse
him and a fight would begin again.  It was clear that one of the dogs
was beginning to dominate.

At a signal from the sheikh handlers stepped forward and held on to
the collars of the hunting dogs, holding them back.  The servant who
had prepared Scully for the event, came forward and pulled a cloth bag
over her head, blinding her completely.  A low bench was brought into
the arena and place just in front of the sheikh and his guests.
Scully was dragged to it and strapped down, belly to the bench top.
Her legs were pulled forward and tied so that her rear was left
hanging out and exposed at a perfect height for the dogs. Another
brush load of the red liquid was pushed into her cunt, making the dogs
instinctively lick at their pricks.

At once the dogs were released and pounced towards her.  Although they
snarled and paraded at each other it was clear that one of the dogs
had given way and made no real attempt to hinder the leader as he
began to lick his longue tongue deep into Scully's vagina.  Scully
tried to wriggle but found that she was now too well tied.  There was
nothing that she could do to protect herself further.  Blind and
unable to move, she realised that she had no choice but to open
herself to what was inevitable.


As the perfume worked its powerful effect on the beast at her rear,
again swollen, mottled meat - like a salami sausage - reared out
beneath her.  With a last growl over its shoulder at its defeated
rival the triumphant hound hunched in closer and stabbed at her
opening.  Three or four attempts later his prick found her sopping
hole and plunged in.  Some of the audience groaned, others cheered as
the winners of their bet were confirmed.

Tongue lolling out from his drooling mouth, the beast began to drive
his prick into Scully in a fast rhythm.  The other dog sat back
licking at its groin where its own prick could now be seen coming
ready for action.  The bench and Scully tied firmly to it was
shuddering with the strength of the great dog's urgent stabs as he
forced into her again and again.  Scully's inner walls were stretched
wonderfully wide as they gripped around his insistent meat.  She
panted and gasped in time to his dominant thrusts, no longer conscious
of anything but blood and cunt.

The bulge at the lower end of the hound's prick emerged from its
sheath and began to expand.  It pressed deeper into Scully and she
became aware of this new, greater pressure forcing her to expand even
further.  Tied as she was there was nothing she could do to close
herself against the invasion, even had she really wanted to.  The
bulge was pressed and hammered against the muscles of her inner lips
on every thrust and the flesh gradually gave way.  She opened and now
the bulge was inside her, her cunt gaping wide.  

Scully hardly noticed as she was overcome by the rising torrent of her
own passion as she raced towards her climax.  The hound threw back its
head as deep inside her it began to squirt powerful jets of fluid
against the mouth of Scully's womb.  The impact broke Scully's own
tension and spasms of passion raced through her womb and vagina.
Frantically her muscles gripped the meat inside her as if to swallow
it into herself even deeper.

Panting, the hound began to pull out from her as the spurts and
trickles from the end of his prick wound down.  But his bulge was
still held tight by Scully's instinctive needs and his prick would not
slide out from her.  Growling he tried again and then stepped over her
in classic style and there they stayed, locked into each other, for
the minutes that it took Scully to calm down to the point where he
vaginal muscles were able to release him.

When the dogs had been led away by their handlers, Scully was left on
her bench.  The sheikh turned to Mulder and asked:

"Well, Mr Mulder, have you seen anything better in Washington?"

Mulder had to admit that it had been exciting.  The bulge in his
trousers made that difficult for him to deny.  He was still confused
as to exactly why Skinner had sent him here.  He had been more than
usually mysterious on the subject and he still hadn't picked up any
clues.  But, yes, as he was here anyway, he might as well enjoy
himself and sample the local delights.

The sheikh lent towards him, as if speaking to him confidentially.

"Mr Mulder.  As a personal favour to me, would you do me the honour of
relieving yourself by fucking her?"  The sheikh smiled but his hard
eyes hinted that it was a request that would be difficult to refuse.

Mulder gulped and thought quickly.  This was not his normal style but
the Bureau would want him to keep such a powerful contact happy.  And
after all he was feeling more than a little horny after the show.....

Making his way down to the cleared area, Mulder was very aware of the
other men present.  It felt a little too much like having to pee in
public for him to be entirely easy with the idea. But no going back
now.  He unzipped, pulled out his half-bloated prick and began to
stroke it easily as he knelt down behind Scully and between her legs.
Gripping her above her hips he thrust home.

He shuffled in a little closer and found that his hands could squeeze
and grip on her squashed breasts as he began to settle into his
rhythm.  The breast-flesh felt great and his fingers instinctively
pulled and stroked at her mounds while he slid backwards and forwards
into her.  It didn't take long - he was too excited and over-aware of
the audience half watching him.  Mulder spurted and sighed as his
sperm splattered against Scully's craving cervix and began their way
towards her womb.  No thought crossed his mind linking this creature
beneath him with the vanished Scully.  And as for Scully, blind in her
head bag, she did not even know that she had finally achieve her great
ambition of making it with Mulder!

Scully spent that night tied to an inclined board, head down and feet
above her, as the Arabs who owned her made sure that the sperm worked
away as deeply inside her as possible.

For days after the exhibition Scully was quiet and confused at her
feelings.  Dismayed and embarrassed at the powerful exhibition she had
made of herself.  Confused and despairing that Mulder's reappearance
had not apparently led to her rescue.  And so she resumed her life
with Amel as before.  Gradually she became sure that she was now
pregnant.

For the final month of her pregnancy, Scully was moved out from Amel's
room and returned to her old kennel run.  Her bloated breasts and huge
stomach hung down so painfully that she would often lack the energy to
do anything but lie on the grass as the days passed.  The doctor was
again visiting her, watching her nearing term and making sure that she
had what she needed in her food.

When the day of her delivery eventually arrived and she went into
labour, Scully was moved to a different cage.  Outside the cage,
watching her curiously and giving orders was a dark youth, Amel's
oldest brother Ahmed.  Ahmed had returned from his schooling in
California and clearly expected the servants to obey his instructions.

Scully found that she was bound standing, legs out wide, right up
against the bars of her cage.  With a shock she realised that she was
expected to give birth standing up. She just had time to notice a
basket being pushed under her when a hood was thrown over her head and
once again she was blind.  In the darkness Scully rode the waves of
the contractions, breathing to lessen the pain.  She barely noticed
the hand that reached in to the cave to experimentally squeeze her
bulging breasts. 

As delivery neared the doctor injected Scully with a strong sedative
that made her pass out.  She did not see the healthy girl baby fall
down into the basket, nor her placenta.  The baby was removed to
somewhere in the palace where it could be raised according to the
sheikh's wishes.  Scully was taken back to her kennels.

When she resumed consciousness she was alone and confused.  Her body
ached for her baby.  Had it been alive or was there a problem?  Scully
desperately needed to know.  For a few days there were no clues and
Scully was bleak and despairing.  Then one morning, when the bell went
as usual, the servant showed her a basket out of which tumbled four
cute, tiny puppies.  Her laughed pointing at her, as if to say that
they were hers and left them together.

Scully did not understand.  Surely it was not possible?  She blushed
to remember the entertainment that she had put on with the hounds just
before she became pregnant but .......  It couldn't be, could it?

At the same time her deprived mothering instincts reached out to the
cute, perfect creatures and she lay in the grass trying to greet and
welcome each one.  Playing and exploring, pretty soon the puppies
became hungry and nature took its course.  First one, then another
puppy latched onto Scully's supercharged nipples and began to suck.
It seemed so natural and so good that Scully reached out to encourage
them, closing her eyes as she stroked their soft fur.  Sometimes sharp
little teeth would bite into a nipple, making Scully yelp and try to
pull them away, but the puppies quickly learned their new feeding
routine.

The trouble was that there were four of them and only two breasts, so
Scully seemed to spend a large part of every day rolled on her side in
the grass as one or other of her children sucked greedily from her.
The milk in her breasts began to come through more strongly each day
and she began looking forward to satisfying the little creatures.  As
the nourishment flowed through her breasts and their strong suction
squeezed at her nipples, down below trickles of pleasure seemed to
build inside her, making her shift restlessly.

Occasionally Amel came to watch her with the puppies but more often,
Scully noticed, it was Ahmed with his cruel young eyes who came to
gloat over her.  She had an uneasy feeling about him.




PART 6

Scully had begun to think of the puppies as Eenie, Meenie, Miny and
Mo.  She began to notice the differences in their character and tried
to be fair and share her milk with them equally, holding back the
greediest and patiently encouraging the slowest.  They grew larger day
by day and Scully found that it was an enormous pleasure and
satisfaction that it was the milk from her own body that was raising
them.

One bitter day an order was given somewhere in the palace and her life
with the 4 puppies came to an end.  Apparently her milk flow was now
ready for Amel and the puppies disappeared, never to be seen again by
Scully.  She was taken from her kennel run back to Amel's old room.
The old pattern of life with Amel, as her pet, returned, except that
now Amel was expected to drain Scully's milk twice a day - first thing
in the morning before getting up and last thing at night.  For this
Scully was allowed to climb fully onto the bed, stretched out,  while
Amel suckled at her swollen tits.

Scully registered the loss of her children as a deep wound but found
that she couldn't really focus on it.  Perhaps they were putting
something in her dog food?  For whatever reason her mind seem to close
down rapidly to the present. When Amel's lips were wrapped round one
of her nipples, pulling more strongly than the puppies ever had, those
same warm, good feelings ran through Scully's lower belly and down
into her womb.

One morning, just after Amel had drained both Scully's tits, Ahmed
burst into her room with a friend - Saeed.  The two youths were about
the same age, as far as Scully could tell.  An urgent Arabic
conversation between Ahmed and Amel apparently led to an arrangement
between them that Ahmed could borrow Scully for the day to play with.
>From the tone of their voices Scully guessed that Amel had not been
entirely happy about this deal, but that it was assumed that she had
to give way to her older brother.  

Scully was led through the palace on her lead and into Ahmed's rooms.
Laughing the two boys slammed his door, locking them in.  Stripping
off, Ahmed threw himself back onto a huge, soft bed, patted the bed
and called:

"OK, little doggy woman.  Time to show me some French mouth work."  It
was the first English that Scully had heard in months and it came as a
shock.  Even as she obediently climbed forward onto the bed, between
his open legs, her mind began to run with possibilities.  Could she
win him over and use him to send a message to the Bureau?  But as she
looked up into his face and opened her mouth to speak, a strong hand
at the back of her head forced it down to meet his prick.  Perhaps
later?, she half-thought to herself as her tongue and lips closed
around his warm flesh.

Ahmed sighed and lay back, surrendering himself to the great pleasure
of being serviced by an American slave.  All the insults and
indignities he had suffered and borne in California were being
answered as Scully's hot little mouth began to fill with his
stiffening prick.  Ahhhhh, good, he murmured to himself.

Scully's ass hung over the end of the bed temptingly and Saeed did not
hesitate to help himself to the offer.  Spitting saliva onto his
fingers, Saeed reached in to lubricate Scully's lips.  More saliva and
he stroked his way up to her clit and then again down the inside of
her outer lips.  Wrapped around Ahmed's prick, Scully simply wriggled
her ass a little in response.  His trousers were pushed impatiently
aside and another stiff, young prick pushed its way firmly into
Scully.  

Excited, Scully set her hips to push back against his attack and
rolled up and down Ahmed's swollen member in the same rhythm.  No
longer feeling any shame, Scully was truly becoming the animal she
seemed.  Her blood seemed to heat so quickly now to respond to the
slightest opportunity for pleasure and satisfaction.

But this time there was to be no orgasm for Scully as both boys
quickly burst inside her, spraying the back of her mouth and her cunt
with their sperm.  Pulling out they left her unsatisfied, wriggling
slightly on the bed as she tried hopelessly to bring herself off.  

Dressing himself Ahmed smiled down at Scully.

"Now a little fun, I think.  For me, I mean, not for you!"

"Can .... Can I ...." Scully started to speak, her voice strange and
rough through not having been used for so long.  But immediately Ahmed
frowned and found a handkerchief or rag to stuff into her throat to
silence her.

"That isn't what your mouth is for, you stupid bitch" he said crossly.
"Don't ever try that with me again."

She was pulled into the next room where she could see at once that
preparations had been made for her visit.  A vertical board had been
fixed at one end of a table.  On its top edge there were cut two half
circles, spaced so that when Scully was pulled hard up against the
board, her milk-filled breasts were the only part of her that spilled
forwards over the board.

Her hands and feet were tied out sideways to hasps attached to the
board.  Securely in place, Scully could barely move.  The two boys
lifted up the last piece of board, also with two small half circles on
it, which fitted down so that Scully was caught tightly into a version
of the mediaeval stocks. All of her was hidden behind the board except
her breasts which squashed tightly through and bulged outwards on
their own.

Her head pressed to one side by the upper section of the board, Scully
did not see the youths select the whips to use on her for their
exercise.  In fact they were made of 8 or 9 thin, fine thongs tied to
a handle.  Enough to sting sharply but not enough to cut or bruise
deeply.

Ahmed, who was fascinated by her overlarge breasts, chose the breast
side of the board.  Saaed took her rear with its opportunities for
back, buttocks, thighs and cunt.  The thongs began to whistle through
the air and Scully began to jerk.  Even through her gag her moans and
grunts of pain could be heard.  But they were ignored as the boys
happily laid into her.

Ahmed for his part began with a sideways swiping cross-blow that tried
to knock one breast against the other.  Forehands and then backhands
rained onto Scully's mounds, making them bounce temptingly.  When he
tired of that, Ahmed began flicking the thongs to see if he could
crack them right onto her nipples, curious to see if he could sting
them erect.

On the other side of the board, Saaed cracked his whip across Scully's
open buttocks and then wrapped the thongs around her inner thighs.
She groaned as the whip bit into her.  But for the boys it was
blissful to release all their pent-up violence and anger onto the
stupid American bitch.

Scarlet lines criss-crossed Scully by the time they became bored and
called a halt.  It was time for something else.  Ahmed's hands
squeezed Scully's full tits as the milk store gradually built up again
inside them.  They were great.  He wondered if they could be made even
bigger.

A little time later and the boys had equipped themselves with two
large pitchers of sheep's milk and a pair of hefty syringes.  Grinning
at each other they settled in on the breast side of the board and set
to work on improving Scully's breasts still further.

Syringes were dipped into the milk, filled and then needles were stuck
into Scully's tits so that each load of milk could be injected into
her.  The breast tissue resisted a little, but if they pushed hard at
the plungers sure enough the milk flowed into her.

The needles hurt, each time they broke into her and Scully tried to
twist to protect herself but she was tied too firmly to her side of
the board.  She felt the warm gush of fluid forced into her breasts
and wondered what it was that they were doing to her.

Syringe after syringe was emptied into her and the level in the
pitchers was noticeably lower before the boys could definitely agree
that her breasts were getting bigger.  Forced to expand as the milk
was injected into them, Scully's tit flesh could only stretch and get
larger.  

They began to feel increasingly strained to Scully as they were forced
to grow but it just seemed to encourage the boys further.  It was more
of an effort now to push down the plungers, to drive in another load
of milk but they kept on until it seemed impossible to get in any
more.  Small droplets of milk already formed around Scully's nipples
as milk was forced out but the boys could not see if this was her own
or part of the sheep milk invasion.

Delighted, the boys congratulated each other on the hefty weight of
bloated tit that they had created.  It was time for a break and they
cleared away the equipment before settling in for a short game of
darts.  The targets were obvious and they decided that the rules were
one point for the main area of breast, three points for the aureole
and five for the nipple itself.  First to get to one hundred and the
points only counted if the dart stayed in right up to the moment where
it was collected.

The boys drew a line and began.  From her side of the board Scully
jerked as she was struck by the sudden sharp pain of each dart sinking
into her painfully stretched breast flesh.  Long before either of the
boys had reached a hundred points, she had fainted away into
unconsciousness.

The boys left her there while they went away to eat their midday meal
and only returned sometime later.  They had been listening to stories
of the exhibition Scully had given on the night she had become
pregnant and so, when they returned, it was with their own favourite
hunting dog as well as a vegetable from the kitchens.  They wanted to
carry out an experiment on their American victim.

Scully was awake and conscious again by the time that they released
her from the boards.  Ahmed smacked her across the face to liven her
up.

"Wake up dog woman.  Time to meet the leader of the pack."  Reaching
forward he removed the gag from Scully's mouth, warning her that if
she tried to speak he would arrange for her tongue to be cut out -
even if he would personally be sad to see it go.

Back in Ahmed's bedroom, his hunting hound was encouraged up onto the
bed.  Stroking him gently Ahmed spoke quietly to him as he rolled the
dog over onto his back, feet in the air.  

"Come here and get your mouth working, bitch," he ordered, "but
carefully now.  Don't upset him!"

Ahmed firmly but gently held the hound's front legs above its muzzle
and Saeed reached through to hold onto its lower legs as Scully
lowered her mouth.  What choice did she have, she asked herself.  But
another part of her knew that she was a dog now and welcomed the
contact.

Unable to hold the dog's prick sheath in her paws, she could only
apply her lips, sucking lightly up and down the end of his sheath.  As
soon as some floppy pink flesh emerged her tongue took over, flicking
back and forwards over the soft, squashy dog-flesh.  As she worked,
blood flowed through the hound and the pole began to expand.  In a few
minutes her lips were barely able to reach around the swollen, mottled
flesh, shining wet with her saliva.

Satisfied that his dog was ready, Ahmed stopped her.

"Time for you to sit down to your work, I think, bitch.  But first
I've something for you."  Turning Scully's backside towards him, Ahmed
reached for the large purple egg-plant he had brought with him from
the kitchens.

"Just making a reservation for later," he laughed as the vegetable was
slid firmly into Scully's cunt.  "Lucky that you still have somewhere
left for your doggie friend, isn't it?" he joked.

In a daze, Scully climbed over the hound's spread body and lowered her
hips towards his monstrous prick.  Slippery from her mouth it slipped
easily towards her rear hole.  For a moment it seemed impossible that
the prick would find a way into her, but pressing down with her full
weight, Scully drove it home.  The dog twitched but, held on its back,
could do little to fuck up into Scully's tight rear.  Instead it was
Scully who had to begin the lifting, falling movement from her hips
that worked her flesh tightly up and down his pole. 

The egg-plant pressed through from her vagina, so that her skin tubes
stroked the eager dog-flesh in a perfect, flexible way.  The dog
moaned but lay still as Scully went to work. A huge smile spread over
Ahmed's face as her expanded tits began to bounce and fly. Gravity was
a wonderful thing!

Her vagina felt deliciously stuffed full but nothing scratched the
itch at her clit.  Hump as she might, up and down, Scully squirmed
unsuccessfully trying to get an edge to begin the drive towards her
own release but nothing worked. Frustrated she worked furiously until
suddenly, deep inside her, she felt the hot splash and squirts of dog
cum bursting free.  Scully groaned.

"Good, bitch.  Now I think it's time to open up the way for some more
visitors, don't you?" mocked Ahmed as he reached towards the
egg-plant.




PART 7

For two days Scully resumed her old, peaceful life as Amel's pet,
wondering all the time if she had escaped from Ahmed's clutches.  She
did not have long to wait.  This time it was in the evening, as Scully
was beginning to look forward to Amel suckling at her full breasts,
when the dark boy burst into the room, followed by one of his young
servants.

Again arrangements for her were made in a flow of Arabic that Scully
could not understand.  She could see that Amel was not entirely easy
with Ahmed's orders but, as before, was bound to obey her oldest
brother in all things.  Amel looked down and Ahmed strode confidently
out.  Scully was led away after him by the servant, in the direction
of his part of the palace, her full breasts swinging beneath her.

When Scully reached the room in which the boys had played their game
of darts with her tits, Scully was relieved to see that there was no
longer any sign of the board that had been set up for her.  This time
though there was a new bit of furniture in the room for her.  In one
corner Ahmed had order his servants to build a cattle stall to hold
Scully. Ahmed had decided to take over control of Scully's milking!

Her stall was simple but solid.  The back of the stall was a strong
horizontal beam set at the height of Ahmed's waist.  Scully allowed
herself to be pulled up from her normal all-fours and bent across the
beam.  In front of her, as she stretched forwards, was a vertical
plank across the frame of the stall, with half-circle cutouts for her
neck and wrist paws.  Not resisting, Scully's head and hands were put
into place and the top half of the plank was closed down and locked.

By the time that her ankles had also been clipped onto the stall,
Scully was bent over from the waist, her top half held firmly in place
parallel to the ground, her ass in the air. She was aware that, in
this position, all three of her holes were exposed and vulnerable.
But as it happened Ahmed was concentrating on her tits for the moment
at least.

Scully could tell that Ahmed was giving the servant instructions as he
pointed out to him all the locks and catches that held her into the
stall.  She guessed that the servant was being given the
responsibility of locking her in and taking her out.

The stall had been arranged so that Scully faced into the corner of
the room, her rear exposed to the centre.  From where her head was
trapped, Scully could see Ahmed walk away from the frame and then
return holding some wires and a metallic gadget.  She was quickly to
find out that this was a commercial electric milking machine.

The machine ended in four clear plastic sleeves, each about the length
and size of a long index finger.  From the sleeves, hoses led away to
feed into a single large hose that delivered the milk into a
container.  The powerful motor had two tasks - to help the milk to
flow down the hoses and to provide intense suction through the
sleeves.  

There were also two dials on the motor housing.  One dial altered the
sucking rhythm.  This could either be set for constant sucking or for
alternating - when suction was applied alternatively to a pair of
sleeves, normally for 3 seconds each side, before switching to the
other pair and back again.  The second dial controlled the power
applied to the suction.

Ahmed continued to set the machine up, demonstrating to the servant
what he required.  A white china pitcher was placed on the floor to
one side of her and the outlet hose fed into it to receive her milk
flow.  The machine was plugged in and switched on so that the room
filled with a quiet electric humming.

Scully felt Ahmed's hand as it reached out for her nearest breast and
then the cold imprint of its sleeve as he experimentally tried it for
size over her juicy nipple.  He released the breast to swing down
again as she heard further Arabic commands being given to the servant.
Behind her the door opened and shut.  A few moments later, she heard
the servant return.

Again her tit was grasped firmly by the youth and then Scully gasped
at the cold shock as the ice cube brought from the kitchen by the
servant was rubbed hard across her nipple.  Almost at once the nipple
hardened and pushed out from the mound, automatically reacting to the
freezing ice.  Other hands pulled at her further tit and more ice was
applied until both her nipples were being rubbed hard by the slippery,
freezing cubes.  

Ahmed laughed and spoke again to the servant.  Taking her nipple
between his thumb and forefinger he pulled hard and then flicked it
hard.  Scully felt hot blood pound into the tender flesh.  As the
servant did as instructed and also pulled hard on her second nipple,
Ahmed turned on the power dial to half strength and applied the first
sleeve around the nipple he was rolling.  

Through the clear plastic of the sleeve he could see the raspberry
coloured mound being sucked about an inch down into the sleeve, along
with the first edges of her aureole flesh.  One or two drops of milk
showed at the end of the elongated nip but, as the machine was set to
constant suction for the moment, Scully's milk flow had not yet been
started properly.

The second sleeve was passed through to the servant, attached in the
same way, and Scully was fully connected.  Pleased with himself, Ahmed
began to check on his dials.  Gradually he turned up the motor's
strength, seeing how far down the clear sleeve he could make the
nipples go, under the irresistible pull of its suction. 

To begin with, he found, part of Scully's aureole would be drawn down
into the plastic sleeves as the intensity built up.  But there came a
point when no further breast meat would squash into the end of the
tube and the only thing that could expand further was the flesh
already gripped inside - which was mainly her nipples.  By easing the
controls Ahmed found that he could reach an optimum position were the
maximum amount of Scully's tit had been swallowed in and the nipples
stretched out over an inch in the pressure vacuum.  He was satisfied
and switched the other dial to move over into alternative sucking.

At once the tubes began to colour with Scully's flow as milk was
pumped from her and passed down into the pitcher.  Through the clear
plastic, Ahmed could see each nipple taking up its new pumping rhythm
- pulled tightly forward and then relaxing slightly before being
squeezed forward again - jetting squirts of white milk down its
hosing.  

For Scully the sensations as first one nipple and then the other were
pulled so amazingly were intense.  Even with the eager puppies and
with Amel's teenage mouth, she had never felt feelings like this
before.  She found that she was panting and deliberately set out to
relax her breathing, to help the milk drain out of her.

With the machine up and running, surprisingly, Ahmed and the servant
left her in peace.  One smack of her exposed rear and she half-heard
the door close as she was left with the mechanical pumping and its
insatiable demands on her breasts. Although it was rapidly becoming a
glowing erotic experience for her, Scully also registered her
satisfaction in the liquid sound of the pitcher filling up.  She was
still proud of delivering her milk.  She idly wondered if this meant
that she would make a good mother and that reminded her of Mulder.....

A half hour later Ahmed returned with the servant to inspect her
progress.  A quick glance at the nearest plastic sleeve showed him
that Scully had now been milked dry, so that the suction was simply
pulling and stretching at her elongated nipple flesh.

In setting up Scully's milking stall, Ahmed had decided to introduce
some changes.  First, the amount of milk produced by Scully each day
was to be doubled.  With the servant watching, Ahmed inspected the
level of milk in this evening's pitcher.  With his finger, Ahmed
showed the servant his target - twice as high up the pitcher.  The
servant bobbed his head to show that he understood and would of course
obey. Only too well he knew the consequences in this family if he
failed.

The second target that Ahmed had set himself was to make Scully's tits
larger and her nipples, in particular, thicker and longer.  He had
reasoned to himself that her supply of milk would always match the
demand.  If she was only being drained by Amel twice a day then her
breasts would settle into producing just enough milk for Amel and no
more.  

His servant was instructed to take a bucket of water to Scully every
hour during the day and make sure that she drank eight glasses down.
If she resisted he was given permission to beat her and to do whatever
was needed to make sure that she took in the extra liquid.  Every two
hours, six times a day, she was to be brought here to the milking
stall, strapped down and put onto the electric pumps for half an hour.
This was to continue each day until the servant was able to show his
master that her milk output had now reached the target level on the
pitcher.

Ahmed guessed that this increased breast activity would inevitably
lead to extra size and firmness in Scully's tits - but he would see.
Sure that the servant had understood his instructions, Ahmed reached
down and switched off the milking machine for the moment.  Scully
sighed as the pressure eased from her abused nips, which began to try
to return to their normal places.

Removing the plastic sleeves for this time, Ahmed was pleased to see
that her nipples still seemed to stand out perhaps three quarters of
an inch from her mounds after their long stretching.  Rolling the
stalk in his hard fingers, Ahmed gave further instructions to the
servant, none of which Scully, of course, could yet understand.  When
released from the frame during the day, between milking sessions, each
nipple was to be fitted with a sharp alligator clip and heavy weight
to keep the nipples stretch out under full tension.  And in the
evening, after the last milking of the day, the machine was to be
switched to constant and left attached, so that Scully would spent the
entire night feeling her drained nipples being sucked from her.

Arrangements made, Scully was freed and led back to Amel's bedroom by
the servant, who also delivered a glass of Scully's milk to Amel to
drink.  

In the morning, Scully climbed onto Amel's bed as usual, expecting to
be suckled by the young girl, who instead surprised her by pushing her
away.  Confused, Scully returned to the floor. A little later Ahmed's
servant knocked at Amel's door and Scully's new daily routine began.




PART 8

After two weeks it was clear that Ahmed's plan was taking its effect.
Scully's days now seemed to be taken up with milk production.  She
quickly had accepted the servant's demands to force her to drink her
eight glasses of water every hour. When she moved now she tinkled from
the tiny bells that hung at the end of the weights clipped tight onto
her nips.  The days were a haze of her milking stall, the relentless
sucking of the pumps and short breaks with Amel before the servant
again knocked on her door or came to find her.

Every area of Scully's breasts gradually became fantastically
sensitive.  The main area of her breast flesh now seemed to be a
constant flow of busy activity as milk was either made or sucked out
down the hoses.  To her they seemed to almost glow from the healthy
rush of blood that worked through them.  But the nipples were becoming
extraordinary.  Scully began to wonder how she would ever wear
clothing again because she couldn't imagine the super-sensitive nips
brushing against cloth.  And what would people think when they saw
their amazing new length pushing out through her blouse?

And as her breasts and nipples became hyper-active, Scully found
herself unable to resist the new possibilities of getting herself off
on the waves of intense stimulation flowing through her during her
milking.  Knowing what was coming every time she was strapped down
into her frame, Scully's mind was already most of the way there now
and her cunt would be embarrassingly liquid.  Her legs were always
fixed so wide apart that there was no way she could get anything to
press onto her clit, but she was learning to concentrate the electric
flows from her nipples down her centre to her cunt.  So, usually alone
in the room, strapped to her frame, Scully would lose herself in the
orgasmic waves that washed through her.

One evening Ahmed invited Saeed and two friends round to play cards in
the room next to Scully's stall.  Ahmed, of course, was quick to show
off the new arrangements for his toy to his friends.  Excited, the 3
Arab boys crowded round the helpless Scully and made free with her
tender body.  Pulling up slightly on one of the attached sleeves,
Ahmed could show them the painfully stretched nipple and the tiring
squirts of milk as Scully began to empty.  Laughing he showed them how
even if the dial was turned right up to maximum very little more of
her breast could be sucked into the sleeve.  Just her nip tried
frantically to expand even further under the extra pressure.  This
time, at least, Ahmed re-turned the dial to Scully's usual setting.

It was Saeed who discovered how wet Scully was, when he probed into
her exposed vagina with two of his fingers.  Her open hole was slack
and greedy and he found it was easy to add a third and then a fourth
finger.  This merely confirmed what they all believed, that all
American women were sluts.  Scornfully, Saeed withdrew his fingers and
wiped the juices onto one of Scully's hanging tits.

Stirred by the smell of Scully's cunt juices the boys found it
difficult to settle down to their promised game of cards.  There was a
tension in the air from the presence of the helpless, available woman
just outside their door, which distracted them.  This was resolved
when one of them suggested that they play a game of Postman's Fuck.

The rules were simple. A dice was thrown at the beginning of each
round of the card game they were playing.  A one or two was for
Scully's cunt; three or four was her mouth and a five or six meant her
anus.  Knowing what was at stake, the boys would then play the round
of cards and the winner would win five minutes with whichever hole had
been picked by the dice.  The milking machine was turned off and its
sleeves removed from Scully's nipples, to allow full access to her
breasts.  For once, her weights were not immediately clamped on to her
tender nips.

A round of cards lasted perhaps ten minutes, so Scully soon found
herself visited by one boy after another and all 3 of her holes
steadily filled with young, healthy sperm. Already floating warmly in
her secret pleasures from the milking session, Scully found herself
welcoming in their pricks.  But she noticed that she was especially
glad when a boy reached down to mash her tits or pull at her nips
while he pumped into her.  It was as if her inner sensitivities had
been re-routed so that everything now went through her breasts.

If a boy won rounds too quickly he would have to make use of Scully in
any other way that appealed to him.  Sometimes they chose to use their
fingers or fists.  At other times they would enjoy finding a variety
of objects from Ahmed's rooms to force into their victim.  Pretty well
anything that would go into Scully went into Scully, with mixed
pleasure and pain for her and a great deal of happy fun for the boys.

As the evening settled down for the friends, the conversation turned
to clits.  One of the youths, Salim, said that in his family the
tradition was still for female circumcision. He boasted that when
girls were ten years old one of his great-aunts would operate on them,
to slice off their clits.  The way he told the story, it seemed that
the great-aunt would pounce unexpectedly, in the middle of the night,
breaking quietly into the girl's bedroom.  Two other old women
servants would hold the sleepy girl down and the attack would be
completed before they were fully awake.  Salim said that in his family
this approach was seen by the women to be better for the girls than
for them to count down towards some fixed, awful day.

Naturally the interest created by Salim's stories led the boys to
investigate Scully's largely unseen clit, to hand, as it were, in the
next room.  Seeing the 4 boys approach her frame, for a moment Scully
thought that they had decided to ring the changes and to penetrate her
from all directions together at the same time.  A little question ran
across her dazed mind, wondering where the fourth boy was going to fit
himself in, when she realised that something different was planned for
her.

Scully was released from the frame.  First her legs were taken from
their ankle clamps and then the board holding her head and wrists in
place was lifted clear.  Hands tugged at her to pull her back away
from the frame.  But it was only for a second as the boys immediately
turned her round and pushed her backwards towards the beam that
normally supported her waist.

Once Scully's ankles had again been clamped into place, but this time
facing outwards, with her ass squashed against the beam, the boys
pushed her trunk back until her head was again resting in its neck
hole.  Her wrists were quickly placed and the board returned.  Scully
was firmly held again, spread over the fram, facing upwards.  Her
expanded, swollen breasts spread out across her chest, pipe stalks
pointing upwards and outwards in a cute sort of way.

In her new position, legs held widely open and hipbone pushed up high
by the beam, Scully's cunt was ideally placed for the boys'
entertainment.  As the leader among the four friends and the owner of
the toy, it was accepted that Ahmed had priority.  

Ahmed positioned himself centrally between Scully's captive legs with
the other boys crowding on either side of him.  Experimentally he
pushed 2 of his fingers into Scully's slightly open vagina and, sure
enough, found that they slid easily on the mixture of her juices and
their sperm. Idly, Ahmed slid the tips of his lubricated fingers up
the centre of Scully's outer lips, making her stir and murmur.

At Ahmed's suggestion Saeed and Salim each took charge of one side of
Scully's outer lips.  From the side, eager brown young fingers reached
in, dipped into her gluey hole and began to massage and moisten the
outer labia on their own side.  Dipping back in again and again for
more oiling, as needed, the boys sharply massaged and stretched
Scully's fleshy outer gates until Ahmed could see that blood was
flowing strongly into Scully's cunt, making the outer lips puffy.
Flesh was squeezed and stretched between thumb and fingers until Ahmed
was ready.

 Instructing Saeed and Salim to pull her wings apart, Ahmed opened up
all of Scully's delicate pink inner area.  Leisurely, enjoying his
power, Ahmed soaked two fingers of his right hand in Scully's open
hole and began to slide lightly over her tingling, intimate flesh.
Again and again his fingers were oiled as they slithered and stroked
her tender nerve endings creating delicious ripples of excitement in
the helpless victim.  Almost without thinking the fourth youth reached
out and began to pay attention to the nearer of her nipples, which
somehow called out for squeezing and moulding.

Sensing a response from Scully, Ahmed's pressure increased and now his
fingers swept regularly from the warm inside of her cunt, up almost to
the top of her inner pinkness.  Scully found herself gasping, willing
his hand to go higher and carry on just a little further to her waking
clit.  But Ahmed took his time, making her wait.

Four heads of black curly hair bent together to watch when Ahmed
finally decided he was ready to start on her half-hidden tube.  His
oiled fingers now slid slowly up and down the full length of Scully's
clit, caressing and squeezing it gently but firmly.  After every few
strokes his fingers would slip down to her vagina and freshen up with
a slippery dip inside her before quickly returning to their work.

As blood flooded into her most tender centre Scully tried her best to
squirm and found that she was panting high in her chest.  Her clit
thickened and began to stretch and swell until it reached its full
length.  Ahmed's oily fingers rolled the small head and encouraged it
to free itself from its skin hood. Stepping back her invited each of
his friends in turn to have a go at playing with Scully's treasure.
For Scully this meant sudden pinches and tweaks, pulling and squashing
between fingers, mixed with soft strokes and sliding caresses.  Warm
feelings gathered near her womb and Scully began to concentrate on
driving herself towards a climax.  But the atmosphere altered when
Salim commented to the others in slight surprise that it was, well,
rather small......  Laughing, Ahmed flicked the bud sharply and
stepped back.  Perhaps they could try to do something about that!

Surprised, Scully found her body suddenly abandoned and twitching in
frustration as Ahmed led the friends out of the room.  He was taking
them to find the doctor.

Ten minutes later the doctor scurried into the room, holding his black
bag, followed by the four boys.  As the doctor peered down into
Scully's open cunt, Ahmed reached down and tugged critically at her
clit pipe, pulling it hard and showing him that, even fully stretched,
it was not good enough.  Something better needed to be arranged.  What
could the doctor arrange for them?

The doctor tapped his lower lip with a finger, thinking of the
challenge to his professional skills before setting down his medical
bag to select from its contents.

Knowing that his prestige and his position in the sheikh's family was
on the line, the doctor presented a white tube of ointment to Ahmed
and the boys a professional flourish.  First, something to increase
sensitivity, I think, he explained.  Squeezing a liberal amount of
thick white cream onto a finger, the doctor moved forward to begin to
rub the ointment into and all around Scully's still half-erect clit.

At first contact to Scully the ointment felt smooth and cool. A few
moments later, however, and it soaked down into the blood flow under
her tender skin and everything about her clit began to blaze. Whether
it was made from bee stings, essence of poison ivy or from red hot
chillies the affect of the ointment was to cause sudden devastating
fiery heat to flood through her clit. Scully's stomach muscles tried
their best to clench and spasm in shock.  As the doctor stroked a
second helping of the ointment into the sides and length of her clit
pipe, the boys could see a deeper red colour seep around her morsel as
her clit bloated and began to swell.

Satisfied that he had begun well and had the boys approval, the doctor
closed the first tube and returned it to his bag.  Now, perhaps
something to keep things moving, he murmured as he removed a small
dish and a glass bottle.  The bottle in fact was full of pure cocaine
and the doctor tipped a generous helping of the white powder out
across the dish.  A small amount of clear oil was added and the two
were mixed together by the Arab into a white paste.

Holding out the dish, the doctor had the good sense to offer the boys
the chance to rub the paste into Scully's burning clit.  In turn, the
four boys rolled their fingers in the cocaine paste and the slid it
firmly up and down her erect pipe.  The first ointment had opened all
the pores in Scully's clit skin leaving clear passages for the cocaine
to flood into her tender insides.  As the cocaine took effect, Scully
moaned crazily, losing all sense of herself as the drug raced into her
system.

With more of the paste on his fingers, Ahmed rolled the delicious head
of  Scully's now fully-erect clit.  Peeling back her hood, exposing
her button as far as possible, Ahmed asked the doctor if her would
recommend slicing back some of the skin to leave Scully's delicate
flesh permanently exposed.  Scully did not understand how near she
came to suffering this operation, as they of course discussed her clit
in Arabic.  But fortunately for the red-head the doctor did not feel
that there was any need.

Setting down the dish and encouraging the boys in turn to keep
massaging the remaining traces of paste into her engorged clit, the
doctor reached again into his black bag.  If you give her a pinch, he
explained, you will see the maximum size she could normally reach.
And so the boys tested and checked, squeezing hard at her tube and
pulling it out as far as it would go.  Better, of course, but still
perhaps there could be room for improvement.

The doctor's final contribution was a chemical kit in its own small
plastic case.  He opened it to show the boys a syringe full of clear
liquid and a phial of powder.  He explained to them that the kit was
designed to create a fierce, unstoppable erection in men, when
injected into the side of their penis.  Whether they came or not,
their pricks would stay high and wide at full stretch for more than
two hours, if he used the full amount of powder.  So, he suggested,
why don't we try this on the American?

Scully's engorged pink bud seemed to pulse with throbbing pressure as
the cocaine surged through it.  Pushing the needle of the syringe into
the top of the phial, the doctor squeezed down on the syringe and
mixed powder with fluid.  A quick shake, the needle was re-inserted
and the liquid chemical flowed back up into the syringe.

Bending over Scully, the doctor placed the point of the needle into
the centre of Scully's clit pipe and pushed home.  With the point of
the needle near the centre of her tube, he squeezed down on the
syringe until chemical forced its way into her already pressured
flesh.  He split the liquid roughly into three portions, injecting a
third into the centre of her clit, as near to the bottom of the tube
as possible and finally right up into its button head.

Withdrawing the empty needle, the doctor was satisfied with his work.
It will take a few moments to take effect, he warned Ahmed.  A little
stroking and squeezing will help to distribute the chemical into the
tissue, he suggested.  And with that the doctor knew that he had done
all that he could, so bowing politely to Ahmed he collected up his bag
and equipment and left the boys to their experiments.

The young boys watched with interest for a few moments before they saw
the first signs that the chemical was taking its effect.  Although
Scully's clit had seemed fully spread and bloated already from the
cocaine stimulation, it now stretched further - in length and in
width.  Delighted, Salim again his dipped his fingers into Scully's
burning hole and began to oil and pull at the over-charged morsel.

Something in the way his fingers settled round her tube, stretching
and pulling it as it expanded unbelievably, reminded Ahmed of the
milking machine.  Realising that there were now new possibilities open
to them, Ahmed turned to find the machine on one side of the room and
switched it on.  As the electrical hum of the commercial motor again
filled the room, Ahmed set one dial at constant and the other at
something over mid strength.  

With slurps of flesh rushing into plastic, two of the sleeves were
again sucked onto Scully's trained nipples.  Watching the raspberry
nips disappear once again up their familiar tubes, Ahmed played with
the dial to gain the maximum pull on her tits as usual.  But that left
two empty sleeves, of course.

Holding one of the empty plastic sleeves like a magic wand extending
from his right hand, Ahmed began to circle towards the end of Scully's
fantastic clit.  The suction from the machine, set to continuous
sucking, was so intense that he found that he could make the clit
twitch slightly as the end of the tube waved over it, an inch or two
above Scully's flesh.  

Pressing the eager wand a little closer, tiny bit by tiny bit, Ahmed
was delighted to reach the point where the end of her clit was
helplessly locked into the stream of air pouring into the sleeve.
With the angry buzzing sound of a powerful vacuum cleaner struggling
to suck in a piece of carpet blocking its inlet, the milking machine
pulled at Scully's button, which stretched to meet it.

Playing the sleeve end back and forwards over the end of Scully's clit
flesh was delicious fun but after a moment Ahmed stabbed firmly down
and her clit was swallowed.  Scully screamed at the intense wrench to
her nerve endings as her clit now too surrendered to the overwhelming
power of the milking machine.  The boys could see half the plastic
sleeve now full of clit and surrounding flesh as it vacuumed Scully
in.

Satisfied, Ahmed switched controls so that the machine went over to
alternate sucking.  On one beat both nipples were squeezed and
stretched, so that milk again began to flow into the hoses, heading
for the collection pitcher.  On the next beat the nipple pressure
eased slightly and they slipped back down their sleeves, but her clit
was hit with the full force of the demanding suction.  As the rhythm,
alternating between nipples and clit, began to establish itself Scully
knew that she was heading for the most incredible orgasm of her life.

As Scully's incredulous groans filled the room, building in intensity,
Ahmed slid his fingers easily into her empty cunt and began to pump
and stroke her in time with her gasps.  What could be better than
having total power over this despised American woman.  Reaching down
with his other hand he pushed aside his flowing Arab trousers.
Removing his slippery fist, he leaned into her and filled Scully's
cunt with his prick.

Already he could feel the ripples and movements in her cunt walls as
every part of Scully's over-stretched body desperately sought relief.
Content to leave himself erect in the boiling turmoil that was
Scully's vagina, Ahmed savoured his creation.  Sure enough, as Scully
climbed towards release her cunt walls spasmed and clutched at his
swollen prick, massaging and exciting it wonderfully. So that as she
finally exploded, calling out, careless of who heard her, Ahmed felt
himself match her, spraying hot sperm towards the back of her crazy
tunnel.  Idly Ahmed wondered if it was true that women can not get
pregnant while they are still breast feeding.

Later, as his friends left, Ahmed instructed the servant to return
Scully to her normal position in the frame, ready to spend the night
at the mercy of the machine on continual sucking.  But from now on, he
instructed the servant, she was also to have the clit sleeve fitted
for the nights.




PART 9

The time for Ahmed to return to California to continue his schooling
was approaching.  At times this worked in Scully's favour, as the dark
youth was so busy cramming in visits and projects that she was
neglected.  She began to cherish those quieter days with their blend
of time with Amel and time on her milking frame. Three weeks of his
vacation were left to Ahmed and he had two plans for Scully left to
fulfil.

The first was to make some videos of the family pet to take back with
him to school.  Ahmed imagined himself showing the video to his
friends in the States, knowing how impressed they would be.  Perhaps
he would put some of the films out onto the Internet?  He would think
about that.

This plan was easy enough for Ahmed to put into action. Saeed had a
camera, lights and equipment, so every few days he would come over and
they would film.  They found that it was really enjoyable, working out
short scenes with Scully and then filming them for their future
enjoyment.  And Scully was now a thoroughly co-operative star.  Dazed
and confused by the chaos of her emotions, Scully was quick to take
instructions.  She bent, she opened, she sucked as she was told and it
all went down on film.

His other remaining ambition for Scully would take a little more time.
Ahmed followed his father in his passion for hunting.  Nothing was
better, he would boast to his friends, than the excitement of riding
out into the desert in pursuit of some prey.  Nothing made him feel as
alive and strong.  

Saeed shared this passion and an idea sparked from a conversation they
had one afternoon in the saddle towards the end of a hunt.  Wouldn't
it be cool if the prey was sometimes a terrified running woman?  Yea,
and maybe the pack could pull her down and rape her?  Right!  

This was the germ of their plan to train a hunting pack.  Ahmed always
hunted with his four favourite mastiffs - great, fierce dogs - but how
to train them properly for the new sort of chase? he wondered to
himself.  The leader of his pack had, of course, already sampled the
pleasures of Scully's rear.  So how could he make use of Scully to
train them?

Ahmed calculated that the key was to link the dogs' actions to
specific sounds and smells....  At least it was a theory that would be
worth pursuing, to see if it worked.  The first step was to give
instructions for a new milking stall to be built for Scully, this time
much lower to the ground.  Scully's ass was now to be held out by the
new beam at the correct height for a rampant hound.

Her new frame was set up near the kennels where Ahmed kept his four
hounds. The milking arrangements did not change, so the same servant
led Scully down to the new frame on her 6 regular daily visits,
strapped her on, set the milking machine going and attached her
sleeves.  But the training programme for Ahmed's four hounds was then
grafted on.

The servant was instructed that as soon as Scully had been set up for
a milking session and milk was running down her hoses, he was to fetch
one of the hounds.  One mastiff was to be brought each milking
session, in turn.  The dog was to be tied to the side of Scully's
frame with a lead that was comfortably long enough for it to reach
either to her rear or to her front.

For the first week of the training, the servant was ordered to brush
some of the same red liquid taken from bitches in heat around and into
Scully's cunt.  Then he was to stand back and let the chemistry work.
In the first week, as a result, as soon as one of the four hounds was
led towards Scully's new frame, their nostrils filled with the
irresistible perfume that made the blood rush into their pricks. 

Ahmed's instructions were quite clear.  Once aroused the dogs would of
course begin to mount onto Scully's back, gripping her between their
furry paws.  They were to have free access of Scully for the full
half-hour of her milking session but on no account was the servant to
help them complete their search for one or other of Scully's openings.
They must be left to learn for themselves.  However, as soon as the
servant saw that the hound had successfully stabbed his prick into one
of Scully's holes, he was to blow hard on a silent dog-training
whistle given him by Ahmed.  And the servant was to keep blowing the
silent whistle at intervals all the time that the hound's meat was
inside her.  The second that it left her, he was to stop whistling.
The hound was to be left with her for the full hour session and then
taken back to his kennel before returning to release Scully from her
frame.

Ahmed's instructions were followed faithfully by his servant and the
hounds rapidly learned to take advantage of the pleasure offered to
them by Scully.  As there were four dogs and Scully came to her frame
for six milking sessions each day, two of the dogs visited her twice
in a day but then only once the following day.  This too was part of
Ahmed's planning, to prevent the dogs associating their visits to
Scully with a particular time of day.  He wanted them to be ready at
all times.

As the second week began Ahmed ordered slight alterations.  The
servant was no longer to use the red liquid on Scully's cunt in
advance of each dog's visit.  Instead he soaked a little of the red
liquid into an old rag at the beginning of each day.  When he went to
collect a hound from its kennel he would take the rag with him and
hold it to the dog's nose to excite him before he was led, barking,
towards Scully.  

The whistling was to be the same but to start slightly earlier.
Rather than waiting for the dog's prick to begin to enter Scully
before whistling, the servant was now told to whistle short
encouraging bursts as soon as he saw the dog manoeuvring his erect
prick into a position where he could begin to hunch into her. Short
bursts until he successfully entered and then back to long whistles of
triumph as before.

Occasionally Ahmed would stop by to witness one of these training
sessions to make sure that all was going well and to plan.  He found
that the hounds were now anticipating the action so that their pink
pricks were half-emerged as they loped excitedly towards the frame,
ready to begin.  Most often the hound would climb up over Scully's
back and prod his way forwards until he slipped into her inviting
cunt.  But occasionally, the servant reported to Ahmed, a hound for
some reason would prefer to climb onto her from the other end of the
frame and push his meat into Scully's mouth.  And, the servant told
him, the hounds were lasting longer now that they were visiting Scully
so regularly.  Good news for the bitch then, laughed Ahmed.

For the final week's training, the servant was not even to show them
the perfumed cloth.  He was to allow the dog's associations to arouse
him automatically as he was led towards the woman on the frame.  To
Ahmed this seemed to work as he saw that his dogs arrived as
enthusiastically and as focussed as ever.  But would it work in the
field?




PART 10 - FINAL PART

With 2 days left before he was due to fly to the States Ahmed was
asked to visit his father, the sheikh.  Over coffee the sheikh
outlined some arrangements he had made for Scully to his oldest son.

His father explained to Ahmed that Scully's capture in the desert had
been planned and was a matter of business, not pleasure.  It had been
one part of an arrangement he had made with an important ally in
America, someone the family had dealt with for quite a few years now.
As the conclusion of that deal, Scully was now to be sent back to the
States.  The sheikh had arranged to take advantage of Ahmed's return
as cover for this.  Handing Ahmed his tickets, his father showed him
that he would land first at Washington DC before changing over for his
flight to LA.  One of the cases arriving with him in DC would contain
Scully and it would not be sent on to LA with the rest of his baggage.
His business ally would arrange for that case to be collected.  Ahmed
would simply have to catch his connecting flight.

As he was leaving, with a smile the sheikh suggested to Ahmed that it
might now be time for the American prisoner to change back from dog to
woman.  He would leave it to his son to arrange.  Ahmed hurried away
towards his own area of the palace.

Early the next morning, Scully had just finished a session on her new
milking frame.  One of the hunting hounds had just been led away and
Ahmed's servant was now freeing her head and wrists when there were
the sounds of gunfire nearby.  Scully and the servant stopped to
listen for clues to what was happening.  They could hear running feet,
screams and cries and more bursts of firing.  In shock the servant
began to run for the centre of the palace, leaving Scully confused and
excited, ankles still tied to her frame.

Minutes later two armed men in blue uniforms raced towards her.

"Agent Scully?" they demanded in Arab accents, staring at the strange
figure in front of them.  As Scully nodded vigorously she realised
what a bizarre sight she must make.  Head dressed as a dog, ankles
tied to the frame, naked ass, drained tits - they couldn't have seen
this sort of sight often before!  But her nods had been enough.

"Allah be praised," they exclaimed and moved to help free the American
from her frame.  It began to dawn on Scully that maybe, perhaps, she
was being rescued.  Like a flood from the long distant past memories
of her life before the Pyramids flooded back - memories that had been
too painful to hold onto. She was supported as she stood fully on her
feet for the first time since she had been converted into a bitch.  It
felt strange and made her stagger as she tried to find her balance.

One of the armed men supported her gently but firmly while the other
worked at removing the pads that she had worn for such a long time at
her ankles, knees and wrists.  Her head mask however was locked in
place and had to stay for the moment.  Like an Egyptian goddess with a
dog's head and a woman's pink body, Scully was helped and escorted as
she walked back towards the palace. 

"This way, plis, Ms Scully."

They found another man in the blue uniform who seemed to be in charge.
His English, at least, was considerably better.  With a slight bow of
the head he introduced himself to her.

"Captain Azizam, at your service Miss Scully."  In Arabic his men
showed him the lock on the dog's head mask so that he understood their
problem in removing it. He nodded thoughtfully.

"Miss Scully, as you will have gathered, we have been sent by your
government to rescue you from these evil men and to arrange for your
safe return to the States.  The palace is just now being made safe by
my men as they arrest and take away those responsible for your
captivity.  Please accept my assurance that you are now completely
safe.  We will move you as quickly as possible but for the moment,
would you perhaps like a bath, something to eat and drink while we are
waiting?  I will also try to make arrangements for you to be freed
from that mask."

Scully felt dazed by the sudden turn in her fortunes as she was
guided, rather than led for once, down some corridors to a room
dominated by a great sunken tub.  From somewhere in the palace a
frightened old woman servant was found to tend to her and she was
pushed into the room.  Hot water began to run, the air filled with
perfume and Scully was almost in tears of pleasure.  

As the bath was almost full, there was the noise of Arabic shouting
outside her door and Ahmed's servant, who had taken care of her daily
milking routine, was pushed into the room by one of the armed men.
She could see that his wrists were cuffed together in front of him.
Reaching to his belt the servant produced the small key that was to
release Scully from her collar and then from the head that she had
worn for so long.  As the lower jaw piece was worked free, Scully
suddenly found herself naked and herself again. It felt really
strange.

The servant was driven away with more shouting and Scully sank
blissfully into the oiled waters of the bath.  The woman servant's
soft hands began to stroke and rub her body, cleaning away the dirt
and the memories of her captivity.  Gently, Scully's red hair was
rinsed out and washed.  She was in shock.

Gesturing to Scully that she should stay where she was, soaking up the
warmth of the perfumed water, the old servant scurried out.  A few
moments later she returned with a while Arab shift for Scully to wear
when she was ready to leave the bath and face the rest of her life. It
was the small comforts that Scully was aware of, having been denied
them for so long - the feel of the towel that was wrapped around her
as she stepped from the bath; the softness of the mat under her feet.
Once dried, Scully slipped the white shift over her head and found
that it fell loosely around her to her ankles.  For the first time for
many months Scully remembered how it felt to be dressed and covered.
With the servant behind her she emerged from the bathroom, noticing
that now she did not need to ask anyone's permission.

Scully found Captain Azizam waiting nearby for her.  He explained
courteously that a meal had been laid for her, if she was ready.  She
felt more than ready and followed him through the deserted palace as
he led the way.  She found a place laid for her at a wooden table
where she was offered plates of fresh bread, bowls of soup, fruit,
cheeses and green salad.  Hungrily she tucked in, relishing every
fresh taste as it entered her mouth. The Captain poured wine into her
glass from an open bottle and Scully was happy to drink deeply.

As she ate the Captain explained that he had arranged for her to be
driven to the nearest airport, where she would be able to catch a
direct flight to London.  From there she would return to Washington
DC.  Everything seemed perfect and Scully found herself looking round
the room committing it to memory, almost enjoying it, now that she
knew that she would soon be leaving. Perhaps some more wine as she was
waiting for the car to arrive?  And some sweet desert?

Perhaps she had drunk and eaten more than she normally did, in
celebration of her freedom, but Scully found that she was very happily
full and slightly drunk.  The only discomfort spoiling this moment of
pleasure was the persistently sharp pressure from her breasts.
Dismayed, she found it difficult to think about what she would do, now
that she was no longer to be milked regularly.  Would her breasts
register that their milk was no longer needed and shut down
production?  How many days would that take?  And wouldn't it hurt
while they were so full?  It didn't help of course that the servant
had not found any underwear for her, so that her desperately bloated
tits hung loosely under the shift without support.


Twenty minutes or so later the Captain spoke in Arabic into his radio
and informed Scully that everything was now ready.  If she .....
Scully took the opportunity to visit a lavatory before her journey and
then stepped out of the great front doors of the sheikh's palace
towards a waiting black car.  She turned to look back at the palace
for what must be the last time and noticed that already everything
that she had lived through in the place was fading into a dream.  She
was someone else entirely - Dana Scully, Special Agent.  She had no
connection with what she half-remembered.  As she entered the back
seat of the car she was certain that she would put it all behind her
and resume her old life. 

She did not, of course, have any baggage.  The sheikh's men had burned
everything that she had with her on the evening when she and Mulder
had set out for the Pyramids.  The back seat beside her was empty.
Although she would have liked to have talked, the two men ahead of her
in the front of the car, both in the same blue uniform, had little
English, so Scully quickly gave up and turned to watch the desert go
by through her window. In her mind she followed the stages of her
journey home, the flight to London and then across the Atlantic to
return to Washington. She thought fondly of returning to work with
Mulder on the X files.

A half hour from the sheikh's palace the driver brought the car to a
halt on a clear, flat bit of desert road.  Both men got out and the
driver began a conversation into his radio, apparently asking for
instructions.  Smiling politely the other man opened Scully's door and
invited her to take the chance to stretch her legs.

As she stared out over the endless expanse of sand, Scully wondered if
she would ever return.  Perhaps, but certainly not straight away she
decided.  Behind her the radio conversation had ended and the two men
exchanged looks and signals.  Before Scully had really registered what
was happening the men came up behind her and pushed her upper body
down and across the front of the car. The uniformed men grasped one
arm each and pulled them together behind her back as Scully was held
firmly down onto the metal by the pressure on her back.  The sudden
click of handcuffs confirmed that the rules had suddenly switched
again.  Scully was no longer free.

While one of the men continued to press her down against the bonnet of
the car, the other collected something from inside.  Behind and above
her Scully felt her shift lifted and then heard the sound of scissors
slicing their way from hem to collar, right up the middle of her back.
There was nothing that she could do as she was rolled over so that her
cuffed hands were squashed under her against the warm metal of the
bonnet.  The cruel faces that Scully looked up into had no mercy for
her as the scissors again made their way up from hem to neck.  She was
still dressed in the shift but she was aware that the shift was now
hanging from her in four separate pieces.

The man who had driven the car pulled Scully to her feet.  One rough
hand reached under her shift and squeezed her left tit hard, making a
jet of milk squirt out from the pressured nipple.  His hands turned
and pushed her sharply so that she staggered and fell a few feet from
the car.  As Scully turned and looked up at the men who seemed to have
deceived her so brutally, she saw that they both pointed in a
direction ahead of her.  She guessed that that was the way she was to
go next.  Not waiting to see if she followed their direction or not,
the men returned to the car and drove away, leaving Scully alone in
the sand.

What did it mean?, Scully wondered as she slowly began to walk
barefoot out across the sand in the direction that they had shown her.
She had no way of evaluating her position.  Had she been rescued or
had something gone horribly wrong?  It was like the endless sand -
there were no clues.

Ahmed had decided to wait for half an hour once his radio had
signalled that Scully had started out.  On horseback, the four friends
sat joking, anticipating the hunt, as Ahmed's four mastiffs milled
restlessly about on their leads, held by servants.  When the half-hour
was gone and it was time to begin the hunt, Ahmed ordered the dogs'
release.  From a plastic bag at his saddle he brought out a familiar
rag, now strongly soaked in the same red liquid and threw it to the
ground in the middle of the pack.  Immediately their excitement rose
and, by association, so did their sexual memories and instincts. With
a hand signal, Ahmed ordered the 'off' and the four friends happily
rode out into the desert towards the point where Scully had started.

Scully herself was walking steadily through the sand hoping that over
the next crest or the one after that she would arrive at some place
where she could call for help.  When the first sounds of the baying,
excited hounds reached her faintly in the wind, she stopped and
listened, wondering what it was.  For a moment she even turned and
began walking towards the noise.  But as it quickly began to grow
louder and nearer, a chill of fear ran through her as she recognised
that they were the hunters and she was the prey.  She turned and ran.

Ahmed knew that there was no rush and did not press his horse
forwards.  As soon as the pack had reached the point where Scully had
been pushed away from the black car they had picked up her trail.  The
hounds were far too well trained to  lose her now.  Besides, where
could she escape to in the desert that he knew so well from his
childhood?

Scully ran with an urgency and desperation that was somehow all the
stronger for having begun to believe that she was about to leave and
go home.  Swollen tits bounced painfully as they swung from side to
side.  Sweat began to pour down her body as she drove herself as hard
as possible away from the threatening noise.  But she was no match for
the hounds and horses and they came steadily closer.

When Ahmed caught sight of Scully in the distance for the first time,
he reached into his pocket.  Putting the silent training whistle to
his lips, he began to blow the same short, encouraging blasts that had
been used by his servant in the second week of training.  Generations
of breeding made the dogs passionate and powerful hunters.  Now, with
Ahmed's extra training, triggered by the smell of bitches on heat and
the shrill reminders of the whistle, the hounds were mad with
excitement and lust.  As a pack they ran furiously towards Scully,
focussed entirely on hunting her down.

Scully did not dare to look round as the appalling noise of hounds,
horses and men closed in on her.  Desperately she spurred herself to
run faster, refusing to admit that it was completely hopeless.  Right
up to the moment when the front paws of the lead dog struck her in the
back and spun her down onto the sand she was still trying to run.  

In a moment the excited pack was all over her.  Unable to defend
herself with her hands Scully rolled and kicked as the dogs surrounded
her, barking and snapping. Ahmed and the other boys reined in their
horses a few yards away and they could see that their prey was now
truly down in a frenzy of fur and teeth.  Two of the dogs had caught
hold of the remains of her white smock and were tugging and pulling,
back on their hind legs.  The other two already seemed to be aimed at
her genitals, darting forwards and then back again, barking, as she
thrashed her legs to keep them away. Ahmed smiled and continued to
blow his silent training whistle to encourage them further.

On one side of her there was a ripping sound as part of the smock gave
way. The sudden movement rolled Scully again, so that she found
herself on her front.  For a moment she was still, catching her breath
face down into the desert, no longer kicking out with her legs and
unable to see the hounds.  Immediately the mastiffs moved even closer
to her. Suddenly Scully felt the cold shock of a wet black nose as it
tried to press between her clenched thighs.  From above, Ahmed and the
boys could see that the two dogs nearest to Scully's snatch were
already erect and ready.  A hot tongue licked at the back of her
thighs.

With a desperate groan, Scully rolled and kicked to drive them back
but every time that she frustrated them, the hounds became angrier.
She could hear their impatience in their growling and became
frightened of the threat of their jaws as they tried to catch hold of
her body. One of the dogs near her neck caught the sudden swing of one
of her swollen tits out of the corner of his eye and automatically
attacked, biting at the milky flesh.  Scully froze as she felt sharp
teeth at her breast, terrified suddenly that it would be torn away by
the angry hound.

Something clicked in her mind and she was half-aware again of her four
beautiful puppies, her children.  She recognised what these hounds
wanted from her and suddenly there was a confusion in her mind and it
was as if they now were her four children.  Her puppies still needed
her and she would satisfy them.  After all she had learned that life
was not always about seeking her own satisfaction.  Often it was just
as pleasurable to satisfy others.

In a daze, Scully turned slowly, so that she did not provoke any
further attacks. She began talking warmly to her boys, letting them
know that she was there and all would be well, she would look after
them.  And the beast at her tit did release her and backed away
slightly as she raised herself onto her knees and took up her position
in the sand, ass pushed out behind her in offering.  She was ready to
give to her children - whatever and everything that they needed from
her.


In a different continent Skinner took off his glasses and began
polishing them idly.  He was excited and pleased that his plans had
worked out so well.  When he had first made his secret arrangement
with the sheikh it had mainly been for money.  In return for his
insider information and federal protection the sheikh had paid large
amounts of dollars into Skinner's offshore account each month.  But
then Skinner had seen the way to make his dreams of possessing Scully
as his own sex toy come true. 

Everything had worked perfectly although they had nearly lost Scully
at the Pyramids and had been lucky to find her again.  Skinner had
been put in charge of the search for the missing Agent and had waited
patiently until the Bureau had resigned itself to her loss.  Almost
two years later, the search had now been wound down and Skinner knew
that the Scully file was no longer current.  

His offshore money had been used to buy an isolated ranch in South
Dakota and that was where his crate would arrive in two days time.  He
could hardly wait to see Scully's expression as he unpacked her and
showed her around her new quarters.  He smiled contentedly. Perhaps he
would buy a mule!

But unknown to Skinner, in another part of the same building, he was
being double-crossed.  Mulder had just inserted a video that had
arrived anonymously for him into his recorder and sat back to watch. 

The opening shot was of pink flesh.  In a moment the camera panned
back to show that the view was of a naked stomach and that they were
travelling North.  In a moment the screen filled with a tremendous
panorama of swollen tit flesh.  Someone's hands reached out to squeeze
the breasts and the camera moved up to show jets of milk spraying out
from the impressively long nipples.  Next there was a hand wetting
itself with the milk and using it to lubricate an erect prick.  As the
camera panned back, Mulder watched as the prick moved between the
awesome breasts. Mulder did not know that Ahmed had achieved this
effect simply by making sure that Scully missed two consecutive
milking sessions.  Her tits had never been fuller or larger.

 After some minutes of filming the massaging and tit-fucking, the
cameraman headed down again. This time he tracked further until Mulder
could see a thin plastic sleeve which seemed to stick out from the
woman's clit area.  As the camera moved right in close, Mulder's
screen filled with the sight of a clit under desperate pressure.
Almost purple it stretched down the plastic tube and seemed ready to
explode.  

It was not until the camera moved away from the woman and began to
focus on some writing on a piece of paper that Mulder began to make
connections.  The writing simply said 'Scully'.

There had been a document with the tape.  Quickly Mulder reached for
it on his desk and opened it out.  He saw that it was a photocopy of a
freight document, for a flight that would arrive later that day in DC.
His eyes opened as he saw a familiar name.

In a hurry, Mulder moved for the door but just as his hand reached out
for the door handle he stopped.  A strange look crossed his eyes.
Hmmmm. Perhaps this was something that had hidden possibilities.  He
returned to the desk and began to consider his options.  Some minutes
later Mulder reached for his phone.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kingdom(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





