BDSM Library - Getting Her Gloves Back




Getting Her Gloves Back
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is a sequel to "Too Tight and Caught" written by the same author. It will contain several backward references to the other story.  It is assumed that the reader has already read "Too Tight and Caught" to understand the setup for this story.
Note from author,

This story is a sequel to "Too Tight and Caught" written by the same author.  It
will contain several backward references to the other story.  It is assumed that
the reader has already read "Too Tight and Caught" to understand the setup for
this story.




Getting Her Gloves Back
By Ellie

It was several weeks later and I had just settled down with a scotch to watch
the late news.  Anne came in and sat quietly at the other end of the couch.  I
was pleased.  She was wearing one of her too tight and too short T-shirts. 
After that night a few weeks ago I wasn't sure what to expect.  As it turned out
my work and her dating kept us from even having the opportunity to talk about it
or even be embarrassed by each others presence for quite a while.  I had to
leave the country on one of my frequent business trips and had only just
returned.

I was careful not to say anything, and true to her work neither did Anne.  We
had both been home the last few evenings and talk was about work, family,
friends, politics, anything except that night.  At first I noticed she was
dressing a bit more conservatively around me.  I was a bit worried that we had
gone a bit too far and perhaps soiled the wonderful relationship we had. 
Tonight's outfit told me, I needn't have worried.  Anne was back in full tease
mode.  I was back playing the game of trying to pay attention to the news and
steal glimpses of that beautiful form beside me.  Damn her, she just sat there
with that same teasing little grin and pretended not to notice me as she
pretended to watch the news.

Suddenly, she got up and wiggled her butt up the hall to her room.  She returned
a moment later wearing a long heavy housecoat.  My heart hell, was our game
over?  I know she could see the disappointment in my eyes.

"We need to talk." She said

"Yes, but no need to  ." I started my reply, but she interrupted.

"This is going to difficult enough for me to say without you looking at me that
way." She spoke in a very low, uncommonly sexy tone.  I was not used to that,
she always avoided any sexy talk between us and something told me this was not
the time to interrupt.  I gave her a little nod to edge her on.

"Well" she began to fidget with the belt on her robe. She was inspecting a spot
on the floor very closely.  "I've been thinking, a lot actually, while you were
gone, about, well ......"  She looked up at me, there was a small tear beginning
to form in one eye.  She was scared, she was incredibly nervous.  I didn't dare
say a word, I just smiled gently and let her fumble her way through it. 
Finally, with a sigh she blurted "Oh damn it, I want my gloves back!"

Now that wasn't it.  I knew it and she knew I knew it.  There was something
else.  Time to get it out.  "And ..." I ventured.

"Damn you" she almost sobbed, and then whispering and looking at the floor added
"well ....  I've always wondered what it was like.  I've snuck peeks at you
before that night you know, and well .... I was wondering if you .... if we
.....  Oh, fuck you, please don't make me say it!"

It was time to rescue the poor thing.  I could see her shaking.  She just
couldn't bring herself to say it.  Fair enough (for now).  I pointed at the
floor at my feet.  Without a word she knelt there and continued to stare at the
floor.  I spoke quietly and chose my words carefully not to ruin the opportunity
that was being presented to me.  "So I assume you'd like to wear the gloves with
some of the accessories?"

She looked up with a look of obvious relief.  I had saved her the embarrassment
of having to admit it, and the wording kept the nasty subject of what were
talking about still unsaid "Yes" she whispered again drooling of sex.

"How far did you want to take this?" I asked.

"What was it you said that night ...." she paused and then looking very deep in
to my eyes added "All the way."

I was screaming inside, fireworks were going off in my head.  My cock
immediately sprung to life and firmed up.  My mind was racing.  I had to be
careful, very careful. "That can be pretty heavy, can you give just a little
suggestion of what you mean by all the way."

She fidgeted a bit, but now her mind was made up, the subject was broken and her
words came easier. "That night I watched you a long time.  You were so busy
setting everything up you didn't see when I cracked the door and peeked in.  You
were just so involved.  It was so sexy to watch you dress and then tie yourself
up like that.  I just got too excited I had to do it.  Looking at this..." her
eyes darted down to the growing bulge in my pants "I assume you enjoyed it
almost as much as I did.  So now I'm offering you a chance for revenge."  She
paused a moment but her look told me not to interrupt.  Then she continued " I
would like to know one thing.  When you pulled down the blindfold I stepped into
the room and watched you lock yourself in.  That's when I grabbed the string
that went to the keys.  Then after I scared you a bit when you pulled the string
and nothing happened, I finally spoke."

"You should have seen yourself.  Even with that big gag in your mouth your jaw
still dropped.  Your eyes just about blew out from behind the blindfold.  You
turned beet red.  Totally, from head to toe.  I couldn't get over it.  I thought
you might have a heart attach.  I've never seen anyone that shocked, mortified
..." I interrupted "humiliated."

"Yes," she continued "it must have total humiliation, what was that like?"

A plan was already formulating.  I had been fantasizing about just such a
situation for years,.  I had been fantasizing about Anne ever since I moved in. 
Put the two together and .... "Would you like to find out?" I asked.

Her answer was slow in coming and again was in the soft sultry whisper I was
really beginning to like "Yes I would , but ...."

"When?" I cut her off.

"My son is going to a friend's house for the weekend.  Saturday would be good,
but..."

I interjected again "Don't say it.  Let me say some things first.  I only want
one word replies to questions and please very VERY honest okay?"  She nodded her
acceptance.  Then she stood, took off the robe and knelt back down at my feet. 
She didn't look at me, just did it as a act of faith.  This was going way too
good!

First I had to ease her mind, I knew what all the buts were about "There will be
no pain.  You know me better than that.  I don't play that way, it's all about
humiliation and bondage.  No pain, that riding crop is only for show.  As a
matter of fact, you're the first person that ever used it that way.  Very good
by the way, very effective!" She looked up and smiled at my compliment.

"Yes, you were quite the bitch!  But, you know what they say, pay backs can be a
bitch too" There was a flash in her eyes when I said that.  She was hooked.

I reached down and held her head gently.  I looked deep into her eyes and asked;

"You will wear what I say?" - "Yes"

"You will go where I say?" Her eyes bulged, she glanced sideways at the front
door.  This was hard for her.  She obviously hadn't expected the action to leave
the house.  I pushed a bit "You did say you wanted to go all the way."  She
looked back at me and slowly replied "yes"

"Okay, Saturday it is.  Starting a noon.  From that moment on you will address
me a sir.  That includes in public, do you understand?" Her reply was quick and
anxious "Oh, yes and .." My nod gave her permission to continue.  She was
playing the game well already.  The fireworks were going off in my head again.

"About the no pain thing .  Well, maybe just a little."  With that she reached
up and brushed a finger across her nipple.  For the first time I noticed how
hard they were.  They were each trying drill a hole in the T-short she was
wearing.  "Okay" I said "A little, but I'll keep it sane."

She looked at me with those eyes again and sighed "Thanks, thanks for being so
understanding."

"You're going to regret it" I promised and then added "Now not another word. 
Don't speak about this again.  Be here and expect a phone call about noon
Saturday.  Oh and don't make any plans for Sunday morning either."

With that she stood, and bending at the waist reached down to pick up her robe. 
Presenting her near nude butt (white G-string this time) to she said snidely 
"Oh, I'm just so scared!" With a wink and a blow kiss she wiggled out of the
room and I heard her bedroom door close.

It didn't seem like forever for Saturday to come.  It was forever for Saturday
to come.  It must have been the first 4000 hour work week in history.  I kept
myself pretty busy but I also spent some time dreaming up plans and schemes that
I hoped would give us both what we wanted.  It had to be daring, but sane. 
Nothing to get us arrested but at the same time she wanted humiliation.  We
weren't going to get that sitting in the livingroom at home.  Soon enough I had
a loose plan.  Nothing fixed, just a series of ideas.  The details I'd fill in
as the whole thing developed.

Meanwhile at home they days passed normally.  I tended to get home late. 
Sometimes I saw her put her son to bed, sometimes I was even later than that. 
Almost every evening she played her little cock tease game while I watched the
news (or tried to) and wound down to get ready for bed.  The last couple of
nights I whispered "Bitch" loud enough for her to hear when she finally left the
room to go to bed.  The last time I heard her giggle down the hall.  The message
had been received and understood.

Saturday morning came and I got up at my usual early hour.  I made a few
preparations.  I took a small leather back pack I owned and filled it with my
good thermos, some bathroom stuff, and a few of my bondage toys.  I also packed
a small overnight bag with a good dress shirt, jacket and dress pants.  Little
too formal for work, but I didn't want to go back to the house before dinner. 
That would be too easy on her.

Originally, I was just going to leave the gloves and the note in her bathroom. 
I decided to take a chance and opened her bedroom door quietly.  She was sound
asleep.  I folded the gloves on the empty pillow beside her and left the note on
top where she was sure to see it.  So much for the sane part.  I crept out of
her room and out the front door and was at work for an hour I'm sure before she
woke.

The note was very simple.  I had promised her nothing crazy and I wanted her to
know she had a way out.  The note read.

     Green means I'm fine
     Yellow means I'm nearing my limit
     Red means stop, backup, too much.

     If you can't speak;  1 finger for green, two for yellow, three for red.

     These will be respected.  Anything else, including pleading, begging,
crying, stomping your feet,       or swearing  will be considered the wonton
blabbering of a spoiled brat bitch.  That's you!

I worked through the morning.  I took time to make dinner reservations and was
pleased that I not only got the restaurant I wanted, but also was able to get
the table I hoped for.   I also checked the hours at the club I wanted to visit
and ensured that there were no special events happening that night.  Sometimes
they had special closed door parties there and I didn't want any last minute
disappointments.  With everything set up I called her at home at about 12:05. 
No since prolonging her agony.  I was going to have plenty of time to do that
later.

"Yes" she answered the phone.

"Do you remember looking at my toys that night in my room?" I spoke gently using
a quiet polite voice.  She fell for it.

"Yes, sure do" was her eager reply.

"Do you remember a heavy black paddle, sort of like a ping pong paddle" I asked.

"Yyyess" was her now nervous reply.

"That's three" I said curtly.

"Sorry sir, it won't happen again."  She was pleading.  I replied "Oh yes it
will, three isn't nearly enough" There was silence at the other end.  She played
the game beautifully.

"Tonight I would like a too date."  I left it there and waited.  In a moment she
replied "I'm sorry sir, I don't understand."

"Very simple Anne too, as in extreme.  Your heels will be too high, your dress
or skirt will be too short, your top will be too low cut.  You will show too
much skin.  Your makeup will be extreme, your nails too long and painted too
garishly.  Basically tonight I'd like to go out tonight with a woman that causes
me to have premature ejaculations in their pants as she walks by."

I heard her gasp "Oh my god, I couldn't!  What if ?    Oh you wouldn't dare"

"That's four, five and six are you finished?" I interrupted.

"Yes sir, but..."  I cut in again, "For that little outburst I'm going to enact
plan B.  You see you can't win, fighting my authority will only earn you a red
butt and make matters worse.  Did you read the note and understand?"  It was
time for a sanity check and to make sure I hadn't gone to far.

"Yes sir I did.  Is it possible to be green with anger?"  Great not only did she
get it, she was playing along wonderfully.  Now it was time to push.

"Outburst like that last one will not be tolerated.  You must act like a lady. 
Even if you won't be looking like one.  So as punishment you are going public. 
I want you visit two salons.  One for your makeup and hair and the other for
your nails.  You will tell the attendant what you want and then call me on my
cell so they can confirm they got the right idea.  I expect to here words like
sluty, hooker, tramp.  Colors like cock sucker red and fuck me blue will earn
you extra points.  Do you understand?"  I waited.

I heard her swear quietly, but not quietly enough "Oh shit,   Yes sir, but where
?"

Perfect she was going to play.  "I don't care, use the phone book, visit the
mall.  Just be sure I get those calls, and be ready to walk out the door at
5:45" I did know some places in town that would be perfect for her, these places
catered to the fetish community, but I didn't want her getting off that easy. 
Going public was just too juicy.

I was just ready to hang up when she asked "Sir, about the dress.  I don't
really have anything like that and I was hoping not to spend too much, I don't
even think I have a skirt like that anymore but I want to look good for you."

"Silly girl," I mocked "you know damn well I've been in your closet.  Several
times I assure you.  You've got some great clothes.  Unfortunately, most of them
don't fit me.  Seems I'm not the only one that likes things snug" I said that
knowing she'd recognize the comment from something she said that night that
started all this.  "I remember at least one dress, a little black semi-see
through number that still had the tag on it hanging there.  Fredericks makes
some pretty scandalous stuff, don't they?"

"Oh shit!" she gasped "That was never to be worn out of the house.  It was
surprise I planned for an ex before we broke up.  Oh no I just couldn't, it's
positively indecent ..."

"That's ten!" I interrupted and hung up.

A couple of hours later my cell phone rang.  Knowing who it was likely to be, I
closed my office door for privacy as I answered.  "Good afternoon sir, this is
Suzie from Nails and Rings in The Valley calling."  It was a oriental voice that
had to be coming from a very embarrassed young lady.  She was nearly giggling as
she spoke.  I heard Anne in the background edging her on, trying to get her to
go on.  A long pause with some whispered pleading told me it was pretty high
stress at the other end.  Perfect!

"Well, um ...  I have this customer that has made some rather unique requests." 
She was having trouble, searching for words and I didn't think it was her
command of the English language that was causing her the difficulties.  I was
loving it. "We've already decided on a color for her nails, but I need to know
how you define too long."  She sighed indicating she was pleased to finally get
it out.  I heard Anne whisper "Thanks" in the background.

Oh, she wasn't getting off that easy.  "So what color did you decide on?" I
asked.  A short reply and some whispering later I heard "She had an original
name for it, something like Take-Me-Now Red."  I could feel the blush over the
phone.  "That's a funny name, are you sure you got it right?" I replied.

There was a long pause on the phone as I heard Anne pleading in the back ground. 
She was begging the girl to just say it.  I even heard Anne offer a special tip
if the girl on the phone would help her out of this jam.  Seems she had told the
girl she had lost a bet or something.  I figured, fair enough she would have to
come up with some sort of a story.  I waited a bit and then finally "Well sir
.."

"Oh, YOU can call me Al." I interrupted.

"Okay Al," she continued.  I knew that would get to Anne.  It obviously had, I
could sense the girl smirking at Anne as she filled me in "Well actually the
color she picked can only be described as Fuck-Me-Red."  The last words were
heavily accentuated, the girl was enjoying it.

"And what about the length?" I queried.

"That's why she asked me to call.  How long is too long?"  The girl's voice told
me she already had an idea.

"What did you have in mind?" I asked.

"Oh, I can get pretty crazy Al." she said with a giggle.  I knew the familiarity
of the conversation had to be bothering Anne.  That was good.

"Okay, do it, and what is your going rate?"

"Oh usually $20.00 for a job like this, $25.00 is you want it special."

"Tell her to double that and I'll pay her back.."  The girl didn't hide her glee
when she repeated the message.  I then added "Ask her where she's going next."

I heard the exchange and then the nail girl spoke "First Victoria's Secret, then
to a beauty parlor."

I couldn't resist. "Tell her to do it the other way around." and before Anne got
the message I gently hung up the phone.

I sat back and though for moment.  She had gone out to the Valley.  That made
sense, she wouldn't want to be doing any of  this too close to home.  If someone
she knew saw her, we'd both feel bad.  Out in the Valley, she was an unknown. 
There was a big mall out there, and from personal experience, I knew there was a
Victoria's Secret store in the mall.  I remembered it being one of the bigger
stores I had ever been in.  That had to be the place she intended to visit.  It
only took a minute to find the number in the phone book.

"May I please speak to the manager?" I asked.

"This is she." came a very pleasant reply.

Nothing ventured, nothing gained.  I figured, if I ruined it for Anne, I'd have
a chance to warn her when she called from the beauty shop.  "Do you have just
moment to talk?" I asked hoping being cordial would help my cause.

"Of coarse, always time for a customer." was her reply.  Good seemed receptive
already.

"Well, I have this thing going with a lady friend of mine." I started.  And then
"We had this bet.  A big bet, and well she lost."

"Oh I like this already!" she interrupted "Sounds like a nice purchase coming in
the door."

"Nothing nice about it." I replied.

"I guessed as much.  That's why this call, right?"  She was chuckling which told
me I was free to go on.

"Yes, she's getting her nails done now, then the makeup, and then she's coming
to your shop for something she needs, don't know what but I was hoping you could
complete her look for our date tonight." I paused hoping she would get it.

"Now what look would that be?  Usually purchases here are not visible when worn
in public."  She was leading me on.  She was playing the game.  Maybe, just
maybe.

"Oh, tonight Victoria's Secret has an opportunity for a walking billboard.  I
believe that tonight she'll be wearing a very short, almost transparent,
see-through dress."

"Low cut too, I bet."  She stated

"Oh yeah, if it's the one I requested, very low cut!" I chuckled.

"So going for the hooker look .." she said   "Worse" I interjected.

"Seamed hose, stay-ups obviously, push up bra, G-string .....  What color is the
dress trying to be?"

I liked this woman.  "Kinda steel blue with small metallic flecks."  I replied.

"So aqua blue would go well and be very visible underneath, yes that would work
fine."  She trailed off thinking.

"She had great breasts, please don't cover her nipples.  And, I'd like you to it
charge to my card."

"I have the perfect little demi-bra. All show and no support.  She'll hate it. 
One size too small and you'll love what it does!  Oh and did you say nails, long
I bet?"  The woman was having way too much fun.

"Yes very" I replied.

"That means she'll have a hell of a time putting on her hose without putting a
run in them.  Do you think she'll mind if I ... help?"  The last word was very
suggestive.

"Oh, I think it would be good if you dressed her entirely." I offered.  And then
taking a wild guess I added "Just watch your fingers, and don't pinch too hard."

Her reply told me I guessed right "Oh yes, I'll be very careful, but that
doesn't mean I can't have a little fun.  What is her name, and how will I
recognize her?"

"Oh, you won't have any trouble picking her out," I ventured "and just call her
.... toy.  Yeah, that's it, Al's toy is a good title, what do you think.?"

"I think she's going to hate us both by the time I'm finished with her.  And
don't worry I'll give you a good price break on the lingerie.  All my best
stuff, she'll get at least that out of the deal."

With that we covered the credit card details, and I bid her a good day.  She
quickly replied "It's going to be now." I really liked this woman.

About a hour later the phone rang.  "Yes," I answered

"Please yellow sir, may I speak" I was surprised to hear Anne's voice on the
line.  I also heard other noises in the background that told me she was a beauty
salon somewhere.  I respected the color code and replied "Yes Anne of coarse you
may speak.  Out of character, be yourself.  Is there a problem?"

"I was doing okay until now.  It all pretty wild and I'm surprising even myself
at actually doing it.  That was mean at the nail salon, poor girl was so
embarrassed.  She sure perked up with the money offer though.  The nails are
incredible.  Just too damn long.  I can't do a damn thing with my hands.  I had
a hell of a time just starting my car to come here.  And that's the problem ..."
She paused briefly.

I took the opportunity to enlighten her.  "Would you say your hands are about as
useless as if you were wearing handcuffs.  Sort of like you are in open public
bondage?"

"Oh my god yes!" She gasped "You bastard!"

I stayed silent and let her continue "I know the nail girl told you I have to
visit Victoria's Secret before tonight.  There's one near here in a big mall.  I
was going to get something to .... please you.  But if I get the makeup as
ordered before then .... well I can't go into a shopping mall like that.  I mean
later tonight, after dark, in some secluded bar or restaurant well maybe, but in
a mall, daylight.  I just couldn't."

I hadn't come this far to let her off that easy, besides the potential in the
Victoria's secret store was just too great.  Time for a little gentle pressure. 
"Anne, poor sweet innocent Anne.  All those evenings flashing your body at me on
the couch.  All those baby dolls and G-strings you wear around the house.  And
you expect me to believe you are not a true closet exhibitionist at heart.  Yeah
right.  Do as your told and have the girl call me after you describe your
special needs.  Oh and by the way ..."  I waited nervously, would she bite, was
it going to happen ...

"Yes sir, sorry to interrupt you at work, I'll try to do this .....  And the
other thing?"

Thrilled that I covered that hurdle, I was ready to give it to her again "Your
color selection for nails earned you two strokes off.  By the way did she blush
when she said Fuck-Me-Red?  But, calling me a bastard earned double back.  You
are up to 12."

I heard Anne say as I hung up the phone "Yes sir she did blush, but not as much
as me."

Fifteen minutes later the phone rang again.  I picked it up but before I could
say a word a voice laughingly called out "Boy you got a live one here.  What did
she ever do to deserve this?  You should see her now!  Too embarrassed to speak,
asked me to make the call.  So, what did she do?"

I replied with my own chuckle "Do you really want to know?"

"Yes, actually I do.  This one is just so good.  I would like to know."  The
words were directed not at me, but I bet Anne who must have been standing near
by.

I waited a bit and when I didn't hear anything at the other end I offered my own
explanation.  "I have a room at her house.  We barely know each other.  Every
night, after putting her kid to bed she changes into some little nothing, too
short, too tight, whisp of a thing and comes out to tease me.  No touch, just
gets me all hot and then goes to bed.  Tonight she's giving the show for a lot
of people.  We have a dinner date.  You okay with that?" I asked cautiously.

"So we have a little cock-tease, eh" The comment was made loud enough for more
than just Anne and I..  I heard the shop go quiet in the background.  Anne must
have wanted to be invisible right then.  The a little quieter the beautician
continued "So that explains her choice of colors.  Cock Sucker-Red and
Spank-Me-Blue."

"Wow, did she really ask for that I'm surprised!  Tell her eight" I waited as
the beautician said the one word to Anne.

"Man it's going to take some serious makeup to cover that blush.  Am I right in
assuming she will be doing a lot of that tonight?"  Again the beautician already
knew the answer she was just making it hard on Anne.  The woman knew how to get
a good tip.

"Oh, yes, that and more.  Can you keep her natural beauty, just make it more
....." I was searching for words when the beautician came to my rescue.  "Let me
guess .... slut!"

"Oh, I like your style.  Be sure to give yourself a big tip." I offered.

"Don't worry about that, besides I'm really going to enjoy this.  She'll stop
traffic when she walks out here.  The hookers down the street will probably file
a complaint.  This will be fun.  Poor girl."  The phone went dead to the sound
of the beautician telling Anne to take a seat.

To be continued in part II




Getting Her Gloves Back
Part II

I tried to be productive at work for the rest of the afternoon.  I really don't
think I succeeded.  I remember looking up at the clock and thinking she's
probably out of the beauty salon by now, wonder how she looks.  Then a bit later
I had to wonder how it was going at Victoria's Secret.  It was one of those
times we all wish we could be a fly on the wall.  Something told me Anne was not
enjoying it nearly as much as I was, al least I hoped so.

The work day came to a close and most of my peers left the office.  I went down
to my car and retrieved my overnight bag and walked over the small gym facility
within the office complex.  It took advantage of the amenities there to shower
and change.  I took time to ensure everything was right.  I had a good knot in
the tie, matching tie tack and gold cuff links, well polished shoes; in short -
a well dressed business professional going out for a formal dinner.  Hopefully
this would just bring that more attention to my guest.

I then called the taxi company and confirmed the arrangements I had made later
in the day.  All was set there so I drove to the hotel and left my car with the
valet.  This was a very large, formal, downtown hotel, with a large open lobby
and a grand staircase leading up to the mezzanine level.  The lobby featured a
polished marble floor.  There was a large open lounge bar just to the left of
the main doors.  To the right of the doors were the bell desk, concierge desk
and a few chairs and sofas provided for waiting guests.  I took seat in one of
those chairs set a bit back from the doors and picked up a paper and pretended
to read while I waited.  Buy now I figured Anne was in the cab and had received
my message from the driver.  I wonder if they had arranged a very young male
driver as I had requested.  No sense wasting another opportunity to expose Anne
to some appreciative eyes.

I heard her before I saw her.  The click, click of her heels on that marble
floor got my attention and everyone else's in the room.  I saw her stop and
hesitate for just second as she realized how the sound was being amplified by
the large open lobby.  Then she turned and with as much confidence and bravado
as she could muster I watched her head for the bar.  Except for her heels the
room had gone totally quiet.  Every eye was fixed on her as she strutted across
the lobby.  She had no choice but to strut.  I knew what to expect, but I still
wasn't ready for what I saw.

The first surprise was her shoes, or should I say my shoes.  She wad been into
my stuff.  Fair enough I thought, I'd been into her's more than once.  She was
wearing my 4" stiletto heels, complete with locking ankle cuffs.  The highly
polished locks on each ankle were shining in the bright lobby lights.  She could
have taken the cuffs off, or even wore the locks on the inside where they would
have been less visible.  No, they were there, presented for all to see.  Making
a very strong statement about exactly what kind of a woman she was.  As if she
needed shoes to say that!

My eyes worked up very slowly along those near perfect legs encased in fine silk
shimmering hose.  They were a light black patterned hose with a bold seam
running up the back.  Very sexy, very dated, very daring.  The hose were thigh
high stay ups, that were pulled up nearly to her crotch.  The top was a fine
delicate lace design.  Very pretty, very feminine, very visible.  Everything was
VERY visible!  She had worn the dress!

Well, dress is probably an exaggeration.  Most ladies handkerchiefs have more
material than was in that dress.  And a handkerchief would be useless is it was
made of such light and see though fabric.  I was right when I described the
colors to the woman at Victoria's Secret earlier, but I forgot just how shear it
was  As she walked away from me I got a beautiful view of her nude butt not
really covered at all by a thin whisp of material than did nothing more than
accentuate her nakedness beneath.  If she was wearing anything at all it had to
be a very skimpy G-sting.  I tore my eyes away long enough to look around at the
room and sure enough every eye in the place was fixed on the wiggling butt.  The
men were the best.  Eyes stretching out of their sockets trying to get closer,
mouths agape, some actually slobbering.  The woman were mixed.  There was shock,
envy, hatred, and wishful longing all mixed in one.  And I knew Anne could feel
every eye and every emotion directed at her as she walked across that lobby.  I
wondered if she was ready to kill me yet.

I looked back to Anne as she neared the lobby bar.  I noticed she had a small
black leather purse slung over her shoulder.  It had a fine delicate strap that
suited the rest of her outfit.  She was also carrying a small Victoria's Secret
bag.  I smiled as I guessed what was in the bag.  She had reached the bar and
turned to survey the room.  I immediately noticed the lock on her purse.  She
had taken a small pad lock and used it to latch her purse.  It made a perfect
match for the shoes.  This girl knew how to play, she was going all the way!
Mine was one of a sea of staring faces as her gaze panned the room.  I watched
as others looked away as her eyes swept past them.  I avoided eye contact hoping
to escape detection and it seemed to work.  For all her bravado standing there
looking around the room, looking back at those string at her I saw the blush. 
Not too red, but still evident.  She wasn't as tough as she was pretending to
be.  "Nice try girl, but not quite." I thought.

I waited to see if she would do it, and she did.  She set the VS bag on the bar
and putting her well heeled foot on the corner bar stool lifted herself up,
turning and sat.  The dress was just too short.  It was impossible to prevent. 
The back was hoisted up and her nude butt cheeks were in intimate contact with
the stool cushion.  The cushion must of been a bit cool.  I saw the little hump
as she first made contact, the bulging eyes, the little shiver.  I saw it and so
did everyone lese in the lobby.  I even heard a sigh from another guest when she
sat. She blushed more.  Crossing her legs only served to expose more of her ass
cheek to the crowd.  There was not much else she could do.

An amazing thing happened.  I hadn't planned it this way, it just sort of
happened.  The color of her dress with the dark wood of the bar and stools made
the dress go completely transparent.  There was a nearly completely nude woman
sitting at the bar.  Without staring (and everyone was) the viewer saw very high
heels, with a prominent locking cuff, seamed hose, a bare bottom, and a pair of
large tits only half covered and held up and out by a brightly colored aqua blue
bra.  I and every other man in the room was very close to cuming in my pants. 
It was time to rescue her before someone called the cops.

I stood to walk to the bar as the bartender asked Anne if she'd like a drink. 
When she swung her stool around to answer she presented a beautiful view of two
nude ass cheeks to the room.  As I walked past one couple I heard the woman tell
her mate "I tell you she's not wearing any bottoms, she can't be.  There should
be a law!"  I heard her slap him when he replied "I'm glad there isn't!"  Anne
didn't see me as I walked up beside her.

"Can I buy you that drink?" I asked trying to be a blase as possible.

She just glared at me as I sat in the stool beside her.  The bartender brought
her a martini and I ordered a scotch.  I watched as she angrily gulped down the
drink.  The bartender came back with my drink and raised his eyebrows at her
empty glass.  "She's not having a good day," I offered "One more, but this time
sip it." I said more to Anne then the bartender.  He took the glass and went off
to make another.

"Well?"  I queried

"I'm too upset to speak.  I .... I just can't think .....  God, look at what I'm
wearing ...."  She trailed off as the bartender approached with her drink.  This
time she took a small sip and set the glass down.

"Oh I've been looking.  We all have.  According the them," I motioned towards
the lobby "you aren't wearing anything."

"Asshole" was her one word response.

I spoke to the bartender who was approaching with my change "Thirteen is an
unlucky number for some."  He smiled as he watched her blush more.

I lifted my glass, forcing her to do the same. "Just one quick drink and I'll
get you out of here.  Try and relax a bit and enjoy it this time.  What's in the
bag?"

"Relax, you're kidding!  I don't think I can go on.  You have no idea what I've
gone through.  I've actually had to ....  Oh damn you anyway, you set me up! 
And you know what's in the bag.  The taxi driver, that perverted teenage kid,
told me I had to bring the gloves."  Then looking at those beautiful very long
bright red and gold nails she added "although I can't figure out why.  Are you
going to wear them or what?"

"Wouldn't go with the suit." I responded and then added "What was with the kid?"
"Yes, the suit is nice.  At least one of us looks good.  Actually you look
great."  She was starting to relax.  She continued "When we got here the driver
ran around to open my door.  As I went to get up he stepped in front of me and I
almost put my face into his crotch.  He was very hard and very proud of it.  He
said he'd be thinking of me in his bed tonight.  Pervert!"

"I noticed you smiled when said that." I lied. "Besides, you look great, just
ask any guy in the place."  I got an honest smile this time.  I continued not
wanting to let her try and escape the rest of the evening. "I love the shoes,
where did you get them?  And the purse, your idea?"

"You know where I got the shoes.  They almost fit too, I have little sockettes
on to help.  I just didn't have anything to match this ......  Well it's not a
dress, more of a .....  And the purse was just an after-thought.  I just wanted
to .."

"Go all the way." I interjected

"Yes", she sighed and I finally say her cave in.  She didn't say it , I just
noted a wave of relaxation move across her face as she took another sip of her
drink.  Her body language changed and she gave up the last note of defiance as
she remembered what this was all about.  Looking up at me playfully she added
"but I am going to kill you for this!"

"Fourteen!"

"Sorry, I'm going to kill you Sir" she said and then stopped dead as she
realized the bartender had returned to offer another round and had caught the
last exchange.  I declined the drinks as Anne tried to disappear into the floor.

I stood and offered a hand to Anne "We have dinner reservations."

She looked first at me and then out into the lobby.  Most of the heads had
turned as people got involved in their own conversations trying not to seem too
obvious in waiting for Anne to move.  Not surprisingly I noted noone had left
the room.  A few more had arrived, but noone had left.  "Wonder what they are
waiting for?" I whispered to Anne.

"You know damn well what!  Well, show-time" And taking my hand she stood.  For
the first time I saw that she was in fact wearing something down there.  A very
little something.  A very lacy, petite, aqua blue triangle, that did nothing to
cover her bush.  It was a mere hint of fabric.  It was held in place by the
thinnest of elastic strands around her waist and I had to assume up the crack of
her butt.  The elastic was so thin it was near invisible making the triangle of
lace seem to hover in the V of her crotch.  The color made it stand out under
the dress but that only attracted attention to her crotch.  None of this was
visible as she entered and walked away from the lobby, but now she had to walk
back into the room.  She was right, it was show-time! 

She picked up the VS bag in one hand put the other arm through mine and
whispered "Don't walk too slow, and don't let me fall, this isn't going to be
easy."

We took tow steps on the carpet that surrounded the bar and then her hells hit
the marble floor.  That sound was the dinner bell for the visual sharks that
were sitting in the lobby.  All conversation ceased, heads turned.  Noone even
tried to be the least bit nonchalant about it.  Most of the male eyes drank her
in.  Crotch tents were sprouting like flowers in May.  Most of the female eyes
were firing salvos of poison darts.  A few weren't, the look there reminded me
that we were in San Francisco.  Anne was trying not to look.  She tried a far
away stare to get her out of the room, but finally she gave in and looked around
just as we approached the doors.  The door man, with his own obvious erection,
held the door as we walked through.

I handed my ticket to the valet who made it very obvious that he'd much rather
stay and stare.  While we waited for my car I told Anne "You do realize that
every man in that room is going to be thinking about you the next time they fuck
their wives." "And every woman in there knows that and want's to kill me for
it."  She replied

"Not every woman." I noted.  Anne blushed just a little more and whispered "Yes,
I noticed that too."

"Interested?" I asked

Her reply was not immediate, then looking slowly back at me "No, not tonight ...
this is almost too much already.  Just you and me okay?"  Poor girl, she just
had no idea.

My car came, and again the valet was disappointed as I took the opportunity to
hold the door for Anne.  In that dress and heels she had no choice but to give
me a wonderful exposure of pretty pink pussy as she slid into the seat.  I came
close to losing it again.  I was suddenly very hungry.  I would have to make do
with dinner, at least for now.

I slipped in behind the wheel and as I drove to the restaurant I spoke "You look
absolutely fantastic!  To be honest, better than I had hoped.  I know I gave you
little choice on the dress, but the shoes and the purse are very special. 
That's a pretty brave statement you are making.  I see the girls at the nail and
beauty salon enjoyed themselves too.  That's quite a look!  If tonight doesn't
work out you could probably pick up some extra cash back at that hotel."  That
last remark got me a scowl.  I was loving it.

I was dying of curiosity, I had to ask "So where'd you get the lingerie?"

She lost it. "You son of a bitch!  You bastard!  Do you have any idea what she
did to me!  It was bad enough walking in there.  I was mortified.  Then that
.... that ...  She walks up to me and calls me toy.  TOY!  That lezzie slut
calls me TOY!  I could have killed her, and you , oh you.  You set the whole
thing up.  Do you know what she did.  She made me strip.  Strip nude!  In front
of a complete stranger.  Oh, all with a story about helping me with my hose. 
These nails, oh damn you.  She felt me up.  She made me ......."  She trailed of
and I noted she was suddenly very red and looking at the floor.

"Made you what?" forcefully enough to demand a response.

"She made me ......  wet!  Oh damn you, she made me cum.  I was just a little
one, but to listen to her you'd think I'd had a massive multiple.  Then she has
the nerve to squeeze me into this little show off bra and still panting waltzes
me out into the main room.  Then she, ... she ...  She actually licked her
fingers, she stood there in the middle of the room , stared at my bush and
licked her fingers.  I could have died.  They laughed at me.  Everyone knew. 
They must have heard me.  Oh get that silly grin off your face you flaming
asshole, it is not funny!"

"Anne, Anne, settle down.  Its over now.  And if you came, it couldn't have been
that bad."  She went to interrupt but I cut her off.   "I lost count.  You
really must learn to watch your temper.  I figure about a dozen.  I hope it was
worth it.  So where are we now?"  I waited anxiously.  Had I gone too far.  Was
she still willing.  I could feel her eyes drilling into me as I paid attention
to the road.

"Yellow, very yellow sir, and that makes twenty six. Sir"

Nothing more was said as we approached the restaurant.  I heard her sigh "Oh
my!" as we drove up.  I had been here before on business.  We had talked about
it, but she had never been in the place.  It had well deserved reputation as one
of the finest steak houses in this part of town.  I knew she'd always wanted to
eat here.  Too bad that after tonight she'd probably never want to come back. 
She whispered again "Thank god!" as I drove past the valet and into the
underground parking.  No sense pushing too hard, besides we'd already played
that game.  A much bigger one was about to start.   I parked close to the
elevator and went around to her door.  She waited for me and made an extra
effort to give me a good show getting out of the car.  She looked around the
secluded parking area and said "Thanks".

"I'm not finished yet." I warned her.  The exaggerated frown told me she was
playing again.  I reached past her and took the gloves out of the bag and folded
them into my jacket pocket.  I also picked up the small pack back I had packed
that morning.  I silenced the forming question with a raised finger and took
arm.  We walked over to elevator and rode it up one floor to the

When the elevator door opened Anne almost rushed the maitre d's podium
effectively blocking view of her outfit to him and others in the restaurant.  
As I came up to the stand she whispered "Here, like this, oh please, please sir. 
I've always wanted to but tonight, like this ..."  Her eyes were so pleading,
begging, she ignored the maitre d's cough and added on more "pleassssseeeee.!".

Time for a sanity check.  Besides, I needed to be sure before starting the next
step.  "Would you rather wear a red dress?"

She stopped dead.  She was thinking.  I saw it in her eyes before she said it.
"No the green one will be okay" The maitre'd was confused.  Her dress was blue. 
Well sort of blue, well it was sort of a dress.  What he could see of it anyway. 
Time to show him more.

I turned to the man and gave him my name.  We were right on time and I could
already see the table waiting.  He picked up two menus and led us on.  Anne took
a deep breath, assumed the almost convincing tough girl stature and followed him
into the room.  I held back a couple of steps to enjoy the show.  What a
beautiful ass!

That ass was not the show.  The show was in the room.  At least one man missed
his mouth with his drink and dribbled down his shirt.  Heads turned, mouths
gaped, woman scowled, crotch tents formed.  The best were two guys sitting at
the bar directly across from our table.  They both couldn't hide their thoughts
as they leered at Anne as she slipped into the table directly in front of them. 
"Now that's the way to enter a room" I thought as a slid into the u-shaped bench
seat beside Anne.   I looked and winked at the guys and they smiled back.  Anne
saw the exchange and glared.

"I'm a trophy tonight I suppose.  Well, at least this place has long table
clothes.  I'm glad for that,"  Almost as an after- thought she added "sir."

"Yes, you are my trophy, and I know you don't mind it even a little bit.  I've
had to sit how many times as you showed off at home and I couldn't touch.  Well
tonight it's their turn." I said indicating the two guys at the bar.

"Yes sir" She whispered in a very submissive tone.  Perfect it was play time.

Reaching into my pocket, I took out the gloves and put them on the table in
front of her.  She looked at them inquisitively as our waiter appeared to take a
drink order.  Anne and I agreed on one more to help sooth our nerves.  The
waiter left and I said "Trade you."

"But?" she asked looking at the red weapons on her fingers.

"Yes very nice butt, I've been admiring it all night.  So have lots of others I
think too." She put on her exaggerated scowl but it soon broke to a smile.   I
continued " I took the liberty of taking a few stitched out of each finger.  Now
don't worry, I was very careful and it can be sown up again easily, but for
tonight I think it would be a very .... kinky look."

"Oh, yeah" she replied holding her fingers up to a glove "Very kinky, these
shoes, the locks, velvet opera gloves with these nails.  Basically sex, pure
sex..  Your own little sex trophy.  But trade, trade for what?"

"Nothing little about my sex trophy"I said looking directly at her nipples
prominently displayed on her propped up breasts.  "A fair trade would be for
your panties.  Or whatever you call that nothing that can't hide what its
supposed to."  Another anxious wait as she realized what I just had requested.
Her reply was very slow in coming.  She hesitated, looked deep into me and then
with just a little curl at the edge of her mouth said "As you wish sir, may I be
excused?"

Others may have watched.  I'm betting that most did.  I know for a fact that the
two guys at the bar damn near fell off their chairs as they watched and then
leaned forward as she walked down the hall to the ladies room.  That was the
same look I had so many times as she walked down the hall to her bedroom after
teasing me on the couch.  This was going better than I had hoped.  The door
closed behind her and the guys snapped back to attention.  One of them looked
over to me and offered a sheepish apology for leering.  I put him off with wave
and I smile.  I could tell that comforted him.

While Anne was away I called the maitre'd over and gave him the thermos out of
my back pack.  It was a very simple request and he was more that happy to
comply.  I didn't bother satisfying his natural curiosity.  Let him think
whatever.  His reward was in the show I was providing him and his staff.  I also
picked up Anne's napkin and dropped in on the floor at the end of the table. 
One of the guys saw me do that and pointed it out to his friend.  I winked at
them to let them know I was up to no good. I sat back and waited as the two of
them whispered and gestured pointing at me and down the hall.

The two watchdogs at the bar snapped to attention telling we Anne was coming
back down the hall.  This time they whispered to each other and leered openly as
she walked past then towards the table.  The on again off again blush was back
telling me she must have heard something from them as she passed.  The gloves
were the crowning touch.  The long red nails were now screaming for attention as
they extended from the gloves like eagles talons.  Anne now could only be
described a sex trophy.  I was getting too excited again.  Had to hang on.  Too
much at stake.

I held up my hand to stop her just as she reached the table.  I made her stand
there for just a second.  The very high heels forced her to stand there with her
legs slightly apart.  My eyes were staring at the perfectly visible bush at eye
level before me.  The dress only served to give a blue tinge to her pubes.  "Too
dark." I thought.  "Doesn't match her blonde hair.  We'll fix that" I snickered
inside.

"Please sir" She snapped me back to the moment.  "I feel like such a slut
standing here."  Her eyes rolled back to the two guys at the bar whose eyes were
drilling holes in her backside.

I reached out with open hand and she surrendered her frail G-string panties. Her
look changed to shock as I arranged them on the table between our place
settings.  "Nice centerpiece" I offered, and then "Do you know the difference
between a slut and a lady?"

"Oh dear, I'm going to regret this."she said "What is the difference?"

"A slut doesn't bend her knees when she bends over.  You dropped your napkin" I
looked her directly in the eye with those last words and waited.

"Oh please, oh no, even you wouldn't dare, not here, oh shit!"  Then she took a
deep breath, rolled her eyes back towards the guys at the bar, and added
"They'll never forget you for this."

Bless her, she looked down at the floor, saw the napkin, said "oops."  She bent
over very gracefully at the waist and reached for the napkin.  Three things
happened at once.  I moved my foot to trap part of the napkin beneath.  The two
guys at the bar both nearly fell off their seats.  One said "Jesus Christ!" Loud
enough for most of us in the immediate vicinity, especially Anne, to hear.  And
the bartender dropped the drink he was making for a customer.  I also noted our
waiter returning to the table with our drinks.  He stopped dead in his tracks.

Anne's head snapped up and her eyes pleaded at me "Pleeeeaaaaase!"  She was
locked there bent over holding onto the napkin tugging under my shoe.

"Smile at your new friends first."  I ordered. She turned her head and managed a
half smile.  Both guys blew her a kiss and one licked his lips lewdly.  The
bartender gave her a big thumbs up and a toothy grin.  I lifted my foot and she
damn near jumped into the booth.  "You ... you ... You are going to regret that.
....... Sir" she finally managed after a few deep breaths.

"Promises, promises" I countered as our waiter approached the table.  Poor guy,
his pants were just not hiding anything.  He actually had to stand back a bit
from the table.  Anne's eyes couldn't help but be locked on a very impressive
erection.  He mumbled something unintelligible and beat a hasty retreat.

I looked at Anne.  She was on the edge.  She was totally red.  At that instant
the makeup was wasted.  I could almost feel the heat emanating from her.  I
could tell her heart was racing.  It was beyond blush.  Her ears were purple.  I
don't even think she knew where she was at that instant.  Mission accomplished.

I waited a good five minutes and sipped my drink as she came back down to earth. 
When I finally heard her breath again and she reached for her drink I said
"That's what its like."

She raised her head and looked at me inquisitively, still not able to speak.  I
volunteered "A couple of nights ago we were talking about that night.  You
reminded me about the moment I became aware of you in the room.  I told you it
was humiliating.  You asked what that was like.  Now you know."

"You bastard!" was all she could manage.

"Fair enough, I deserve that, no count this time.  But I won't take it back. 
Now lets eat."

It took a while but the waiter finally came back.  I guess he had to settle down
a bit first.  He still couldn't look Anne in the eye but he took our order and
served dinner flawlessly.  We had a nice bottle of red wine with our steak
dinners and Anne even settled down enough to enjoy the meal and make small talk. 
I purposely avoided anything sexual in our conversation.  It was a great meal
and it got so that we were both enjoying it.  I couldn't help but admire her
breasts and she caught me more than once eyeing her nipples.  Each time she
smiled and nodded accepting my non-verbal compliments.  A few times she glanced
over to the bar where the two guys had finally managed to stop leering at her
and were involved in their own conversation.

It came to the point were we had both finished our meal and had sat back to rest
a moment.  I was contemplating dessert and had decided a brandy would be great
when I noticed Anne looking at me with that look.  That look that is reserved
for those times, for those kind of questions.  "Yes?" I asked.

"Is that it?  Is it over?  Am I free?"  Her voice was almost pleading.  There
were only two ways to go.  I took the chance.

"Not unless you quit on me.  Do you want to call it a night?"  I asked with a
leading tone.

"So you couldn't break me after all.  Even that woman at Victoria's Secret came
closer.  That was your best?"

The game was afoot.  "You know that kind of attitude can't be ignored.  Time for
our dessert."  I said as I reached into my backpack and took out a pair of all
metal policemen's handcuffs.  I laid them on the booth seat between us just out
of sight.

"Oh you wouldn't dare, please we just can't, it's bad enough already.  You'll
get us arrested.  Come on, what will it take?"  Her pleading eyes, her shaky
voice, it was all perfect.  I was starting to wonder who was enjoying this more.

"There is only one way you are walking out of here without these on behind your
back.  You'll have to agree before I tell you what you'll have to do.  So what
is it?  The known evil, or what's behind door number two?"  I waited.

She was obviously feeling playful again.  Almost immediately she said "I'll take
door number two, sir."

I had needed relief for a long time.  No more mister nice guy.  All those
evenings on the couch.  Time for the first installment of payback.  "That night
in my room," Her look told me she remembered it as well as I did "You gave me
the best oral I've ever had in my life." She blushed and looked at the floor.
"Unfortunately, my situation was such that I couldn't quite ...."

"Oh poor dear" she interrupted " Did you have a bad case of blue balls?"

"Yes, and I want it taken care of now!"

"Oh shit! Here? How?  But ..... but"  Her eyes were darting around the room.

"Now you know why I picked a place with nice long table clothes.  If you slip
down now, I don't think anyone will notice."  I said those last words looking
directly at the two guys at the bar.  I caught one guy's eye, he nudged his
friend and they both looked back at the table.

Anne pretended not to notice as she mouthed "bastard" at me and not to casually
slipped under the table.  The guys at the bar called the bartender over and I
know they told him what was going on.  I don't think they could see anything,
but they didn't take their eyes off the table.  I felt Anne fumbling with my
pants and belt as the waiter came up to the table.  "Dessert sir?"

"Yes I'll have a nice snifter of a very good brandy." I said lightly

"And the lady?" he asked, looking around the room.

"Oh, she's helping herself to dessert tonight."  That remark got me a sharp
fingernail stabbed into my now exposed balls.  That made me jump.  The waiter
looked down focusing past me, past the table, and smiled.  Then he said in a
voice obviously meant for Anne's ears "Oh I see, Excellent choice" That got me
another jab as the waiter turned to get my drink.

By the time he came back with the brandy I was long gone.  I was in a lot of
places, heaven, ecstacy, nirvana, call it what you will.  It was all great.  The
combination of that talented mouth, with those sharp nails and the soft velvet
of the gloves.  She stroked, scratched nibbled and sucked me like I've never
felt before.  I didn't think it could be better than what she did that night,
but it was.  All the feelings, all the thrills, the whole evening to that point
was focused on that mouth.

With the second sip of my brandy I blew the back of her head off..  I tried to
hold longer, but she was just too good.  I tried to keep it quiet, but she was
just too good.  I tried to sit still but she was just too good.  I'm sure others
around us knew something was up.  At that moment I really didn't care.  Orgasms
like that only come once a decade and I rode this one like a Hilo surf wave. 
The bartender and the guys at the bar watched longingly as I pumped every part
of my being though my cock into her warm lapping mouth.  She didn't spill a drop
and continued licking a sucking until I was both drained and clean.

I was just coming down to earth and Anne was beginning to stir when I noticed
the waiter standing there smiling down at me.  "Can I get you anything else,
Sir."  His grin told me he knew nothing could match what I had just had.  He was
holding our dinner tab in a leather billfold and trying to hide a very large
crotch tent.  Poor guy, all that meat and a whole shift before going home. 
Well, it had been very good service.

"Anne," I whispered in voice loud enough for both of them to hear.  "Anne, our
waiter deserves a very nice tip."  I reached under the table to tuck myself in
and heard a gasp. "Oh no, you can't be serious."  Our waiter heard her too and
started to blush.  At the same time I noticed his bulge was pulsating.  I looked
up at him and whispered "step forward while I sign that."

He stepped forward nervously until he was touching the table.  "No damn way,!"
We both heard from under the table.

"Would you like me to invite the two guys from the bar over for a drink.?" I
asked a little louder.

"Damn, I'm going to kill you!"  She lifted up the table cloth and I caught a
glimpse of her gloved hand and those gorgeous too long nails and she unzipped
his pants.  Out pocked one very hard monster cock.  The whispered reply was
almost lost in the loud sigh of our waiter as Anne's lips wrapped around his
very impressive erection.  Poor guy didn't last long.  Too much of a thrill I
guess.  Too much of a surprise.  Well, she was good.  Too good for him.  He
lasted maybe 30 seconds.  He also tried to blow the back of her head off.  He
actually humped the table as he cam.  The guys at the bar loved it.  It was then
that I realized that with the table cloth pulled up they probably had a good
view of Anne on her knees sucking some serious cock.

It was over very quickly.  The waiter zipped up his pants.  He turned and walked
away as Anne popped up from under the table and hid her face as she pretended to
wipe her mouth with her napkin. I finished the last of my brandy and waited
until Anne finally lowered the napkin.  When she did she glared at me with eyes
that wanted to kill.  I tried not to smile when the bartender and the two guys
at the bar have Anne a little round of applause.  I looked back at Anne and saw
a mixture of rage and humiliation.  I couldn't help patting her hand on the
table at offering "At least you had an appreciative audience."  The look I got
told me I was soon to be a dead man.  It was worth it.

I let things settle a bit and then pushed the panties on the table toward Anne. 
"Better slip these on." I suggested. "It's time to move on."

"What and deprive them of there last vision to jerk off to tonight.  That
wouldn't be fair."  She was dead serious.  Anne was really surprising me.  She
picked up the thin lacy panties, made a show of sniffing it before putting it in
her purse.  Then as we both stood to leave she spoke loud enough for our little
group to hear "One moment please sir."

I watched as Anne walked up to the bar and gave each of the shocked guys a kiss
on the check.  "Sweet dreams" was all she said over her shoulder as she walked
past me and with an exaggerated wiggle strode past the leering maitre'd and
stood waiting for me at the elevator.  I stopped long enough to pick up my
thermos from the front desk and avoiding Anne's obvious questioning stares
entered the elevator when the doors opened.

On the way down to the parking garage she finally gave in and asked "So does
that mean we're not done yet?"

"Of coarse not." I replied "I haven't won yet."

"Oh shit, you really scare me know." She said somewhat playfully.

"Thirty!"  That ended the conversation.  She got in the car and we left the
restaurant parking garage in silence.

Continued in part III



Getting Her Gloves Back
Part III

Anne sat there obviously deep in thought,  looking out into space as we drove
away from the restaurant.  She did a double take as I turned north on the main
road rather than the other way towards the house.  "Oh, I thought we'd be going
home ..." she commented, almost to herself.

"That would be too easy." I replied.  She started to say something and then
thought better of it.  She looked back at my pack and in backseat and gave me
another inquisitive look.  I chose to ignore it as I continued navigating our
way into the city.  As we got deeper into the city and closer to our destination
she became more alert and I knew she was trying to figure out where we were
going.

It was time for another sanity check.  This time I chose to be a little less
obvious about it but give her a way out.  "So, did you enjoy dinner?" I queried.

That caught her off guard and she started an automatic response and then
stopped, thought a second and then said "Dinner was fantastic.  I enjoyed the
meal and the wine but the dessert was a little trying."

"Oh really," I pressed on "was the second helping a little too big for you?"

That raised her eyebrows.  I got the death look again and then "I've never had
that before.  In spite of what you may think I've never .... finished a helping
before.  Even with my exhusband I never .... well, I never actually finished a
dessert like that before.  You were the first, tonight, there, that was the
first time .......   And then a total stranger, the waiter, I just .....  God I
hope I never see him again as long as I live."

"That would be too bad." I replied.

A moment later she sighed and added "Yeah, he was big ...."

I knew I was getting quite close and at this hour I expected the place to be
pretty busy.  I started looking for a parking place and as I rounded the last
corner I heard Anne say "I should have known."

Anne knew about the Power Exchange club.  We had talked about it a few times
before.  She knew I had been a few times both straight and in drag.  She had
always expressed concern about me during those visits because of some bad
stories she had over the years.  I had told her of the only good experiences I
had there and once in a while she had expressed more than a passing interest. 
We had even talked of visiting it together some time, but had never gotten the
opportunity.  Well, now she didn't have a lot of choice.

I found a curb side spot and pulled over.  "You okay with this?" I asked

"This is one of the few places I might actually fit in like this." she replied
holding up her gloved hand and admiring her nails.  "I told you I'd do it some
day, and like I have a choice?  Just be careful with me please, I'm trusting you
for that okay."

"Tonight is a bad night to be trusting me." I said as I got out of the car and
walked around to her side.  I was expecting and got the death ray eyes as I
opened the door and enjoyed the expose as she got out.  I grabbed my bag from
the back seat and took her arm in mine for the short walk to the door.

There was a short line and we were inside quite quickly.  Even in this place
Anne's outfit attracted a lot of attention.  As usual the crowd was mostly male
and my the very nature of the place they were looking.  Anne was certainly worth
looking at!  She seemed to be enjoying the attention as I skipped the clock room
and guided her directly down stairs.  "Would you like a tour first?" I asked.

"First?, Oh yeah, sure." she replied and then started a second question which I
cut off with a raised finger.

The basement of the club featured a main floor area and a number of surrounding
hallways and ante chambers.  There were rooms and cubicles scattered throughout
that were designed to cater to any number of kinks and fetishes.  Many were
already occupied.  We spent a good hour and a half just walking around the place
taking in the sights.  Several things stopped Anne in her tracks.  She didn't
hide her interest and watching a bank of closed tv sets that came from a number
of cameras located around a bed in an adjoining room.  The door to the room was
closed but several of us enjoyed the show as a good looking young lady on the
bed was screwed every way including blue by two young, well hung, studs.

Further along we entered a large theater lounge where we both watched a number
of guys jerk off openly to the scenes on TV.  One the guys even turned and made
a point of letting Anne know exactly what he was thinking as he stared at her
exposed body and pounded his meat.  "Big deal." she whispered to me as we turned
to leave the room.  "Guys are doing that all over town tonight after the show
you gave them at the hotel and restaurant tonight."

"You really are an exhibitionist." I said in a tone that told her not to answer.

 When we re-entered the main room there was quite a bit of activity in the
central open area.  The area was enclosed by a simple railing and featured a
number of stocks, crosses, whipping posts, and bondage tables.  A few on the X-
crosses were occupied and one girl was strapped down face up on the bondage
table.  I explained to Anne that it was an unwritten rule of the club that you
didn't enter the area unless you were either a dom or were invited to.  Anne
asked if I'd ever been invited in.  I nodded and answered "One of the best sex
episodes of my life." and left it at that.

Anne watched as a leather clad beauty took her time binding her male companion
to an open frame.  Once he was stretch in a very tight spread eagle she casually
walked over to a nearby table and selected a vicious looking single tail whip. 
She held it in front of the guy and asked "How many?".

He replied "Ten will be enough with that, Mistress"

"Twenty it is then"she said, and his complaint was cut off as he bit his lip
when the first lash hit.  It wasn't very hard.  More show than anything else,
but it did leave a serious looking red strip across his back.  By the third
stroke Anne was pulling me away from the scene not wanting to see any more.

Anne took only a few steps and then stopped cold.  Her gaze was fixed on a scene
happening just on the other side of the barrier.  A totally nude woman was bent
over and locked in a set of wooden stocks.  The stocks were lower than normal
forcing her to bend over almost parallel the floor with her ass very prominently
exposed for us to see.  Her legs were spread wide and help apart by wood and
leather spreader bar.  We watched as a younger couple prepared her.  The woman
was in her middle ages but still had a great body.  I then realized then she was
about our age.  She was actually very similar to Anne in quite as number of
ways.  The young couple could easily have been her own kids.  It made for a
kinky scene even before anything happened.

We made our way to stand as close as possible to the action and then Anne was
unmovable.  My attention was split between the action and watching Anne's
reaction as the scene unfolded in front of us.  Anne's breathing changed as we
watched the young lady hang a pair of weighted nipple clips on her victim.  The
woman gasped and the girl said "Oh be quiet, you know you deserve this!"  The
young man came over and held a ball gag in front of the woman.  She clamped her
mouth closed but soon opened it wide when the girl slapped her breast causing
the weight to swing widely.

"That had to hurt." Anne whispered in an incredibly sultry voice.  She was very
turned on.

We watched as the young lad attached a bulb to the gag and I explained how an
inflatable gag works to Anne.  "Guess we've heard the last from her." Anne
remarked.  The remark was overheard by the couple and the girl approached us and
spoke very nonchalantly. "She's got to learn not to say no to dad!"

Anne gasped as the girl turned to walk away and I whispered "Probably just a
show, nothing here is for real."

"Who cares," she replied still fixed on the scene before us "This is hot!"

We watched as the couple reached into a bag and took out a couple of matching
leather paddles.  They were almost identical to the one I own and Anne
recognized it too.  She reached down and took my hand.  She held it tight, very
tight.  Her skin was hot and wet.  The couple stood in front of the bound and
bent over woman and in a voice directed more towards us said "Let us know when
you are ready to swallow every drop."  Anne gasped again.

I couldn't have prayed for anything better than what happened next.  The girl's
voice changed at in a low tone we almost didn't hear asked "Do you remember the
signals?"  I watched Anne as her face brightened up and glowed.  The woman held
up first one, then two and three fingers.

Anne turned to me, her face just beaming. "My god that's the same .....  So
everyone here ...  Even him?" she asked pointing back to the man, his back now
covered in red strips, being lowered from the frame.  I nodded, Anne smiled,
gripped my hand even tighter and her attention returned to the scene before us.

The young man spoke a little more curtly to the woman bent over before him "Do
you have anything to say now?"  The woman shot out two fingers.  One on each
hand.  The middle finger on each hand!

Anne gripped tighter still and whispered in that same sultry voice "She's going
to regret that!"

Almost without ceremony the couple walked behind their victim.  They each took
up a power stance and took a couple of swings without making contact adjusted
their relative positions.  Then with a nod between them they began.  To be
honest I was surprised.  They were serious.  This was not a gentle or even
restrained paddling.  In a very set and obviously rehearsed pattern they laid
into it.  The woman's butt never saw pink but went directly to red.  After a
flourish of about 10 swats each they stopped.  The girl took a breath as asked
"Well?"  She was rewarded with a single index finger.  Anne gasped again and I
noted her other hand reaching back to rub her own butt.

"Sympathy pains?" I asked.  She looked at me and I saw pure lust in here eyes. 
"Oh ..." I smiled.  Anne blushed and turned back.

The couple stared again but this time a even harder.  Suddenly, three fingers
appeared from each clenched fist and they stopped.  The young lad walked forward
and started removing the gag.  The girl turned to a man sitting nearby that
neither Anne nor I had noticed until that moment.  She stood and walked in front
of the bound woman.  The girl made a real show of leaning over and giving him a
kiss on the cheek.  "Happy birthday dad, mom's ready with your present now." 
She then reached down and pulled down the man's zipper and reaching fished out
the man's already firm cock.  Then she reached down, picked up her paddle and
took up a vicious looking stance just in front of us where the older couple
could also see her.

The man took a step forward.  The woman reacted by clamping her mouth closed and
turning her head away.  The girl standing in front of us nodded to her partner
who delivered a very hard blow to the woman's butt with his paddle.  We all
heard a very  loud whack and knew that it really did hurt.  The woman managed to
muffle her scream and then very quickly turned her face forward and opened her
mouth.

The man stepped forward and as we watched he sighed and went almost limp as he
started to get what looked like a very satisfying blow job.  The girl turned to
us and whispered an explanation.  "They've been married for years.  He's always
wanted her to suck him off and swallow.  She never was willing to do it. 
Religious upbringing and all that.  Some time ago he hired a hooker to do that
for him.  She found out and it was almost the end of their marriage.  Today
really is his birthday.  She contacted the agency where I work a couple of weeks
ago wanting something special for his birthday.  Most of this was her idea.  Us
playing the part of their kids was my idea, cute, eh? She knew she couldn't do
it on her own.  It was our job to give her no choice.  Her husband had no idea. 
Even when they got here it was still a surprise.  He's been in shock most of the
night.  Some birthday present, eh!"

Those last words were spoken as the man let out a loud moan and obviously was
filling his wife's mouth with cum.  We could see that she was swallowing, but he
was really pumping her face and we could tell she was getting one hell of a
load.  Finally, he pulled away and wiping his dick on her face put it way in his
pants and just stood there looking down at his wife disbelievingly.  Her cheeks
were puffed as she obviously held the last of his spunk in her mouth.  The girl
walked up brandishing the paddle and with a big gulp she swallowed.  The man
just stood there shaking his head.

The girl broke the silence and in a voice for all of us to hear announced "She
never wants you to call a hooker again.  Unfortunately, she probably won't be
willing to do that again.  But, she loves you so here is your second birthday
present from her."  With that the girl handed the shocked man the leather paddle
that had just recently been used on his wife.  She also handed him a small
enveloped that obviously contained a card and added "There's an address on the
card for a shop here in town that will custom make a set of stocks just like
this for you.  Happy birthday dad!" 

I leaned over and whispered in Anne's ear.  "Specking of presence, yours is
required elsewhere."  Anne smiled at my play on words and turned to follow my
lead.  I looked to the corner and was happy with what I saw.  The back wall of
the main room hosted a number of open cubicles each catering to a particular
scene.  There was the required medieval torture chamber complete with padded saw
horse, there was a darkened doctor's office with operating table, and in the
corner my target.  It was occupied when we entered the room but now it was
empty.  I only glanced at it then so not to tip my hand to Anne.  Now she was
about to find out why we were here.  Before we got too close I stopped and
asked.  "Are you sure?"

It was a nervous smile, she wasn't sure, that was the best part.  Looking around
the room she hesitated.  I knew she was trying to guess what I was up to. 
Finally, she nodded and lowered her eyes submissively.  No words needed to be
spoken.

I then led her to the corner of the room and through the entry into the cubicle. 
I then hung the chain across the entry which I knew guaranteed that noone else
would enter.  I turned and halted a barrage of questions bursting to come out of
Anne with a single raised finger.  Anne just turned and shaking her head
surveyed the room.

The cubicle was made up like a barber shop.  It came complete with a big leather
barber chair in the center.  It swung around and pumped up and down just the
like the real thing.  It was the real thing.  Of coarse in keeping in the mood
of the place, the leather on the chair and many of the other decorations were
black.  The wall even featured a large mirror and a counter complete with sink. 
I knew from pervious visits that the taps didn't work.  That's why I had a
thermos.  While Anne was mesmerized looking around and touching everything I
slipped the thermos and a small toiletry bag out of my backpack.  I then set the
backpack on the counter near the sink and turned to Anne and said "Ready?"

It was perfect!  Her eyes were filled with confusion, she was bursting with
question.  The poor girl still hadn't figured it out.  She was even a bit jumpy. 
I stepped back against the low wall that separated the cubicle from the main
room.  Our activities had attracted a few onlookers.  Anne was further surprised
by the attention we , more she, was getting.  I spoke slowly and quietly.  I
don't think anybody behind me heard "You told me that night you really enjoyed
watching me prepare myself.  I think you should return the favor.  Get
undressed.  Leave the hose, shoes and gloves on.  Take you time, don't strip,
just undress.  Put everything neatly on the coat rack over there."

Anne looked past me to the growing crowd watching from behind the cubicle wall. 
"NOW!" I said in a voice that got everyone's attention.  She just stood there
and looked deeply into my eyes.  Her's weren't even focused.  Spacing out her
location she got undressed.  It was incredibly seductive.   It was truly amazing
how a beautiful woman that was already practically nude can command so much
attention getting undressed.  I wasn't the only one getting hard watching the
show.  The crowd was growing and more than a few women were positioning
themselves for a good look.  Soon she was nude except for heels, hose and those
sexy velvet opera gloves.  She stood back to face me.

Wordlessly I gestured toward the bag on the counter.  She looked again at the
growing crowd and back at me.  I tried my best to copy her death ray look.  It
wasn't as good as her's but she understood.  She walked over to the counter and
opened the bag.  It was pure luck of the draw, but I was hoping.  First out I
wasn't disappointed.  Years before I had taken a large red rubber ball and
drilled out the center with a 3/4 inch drill.  Through the hole I threaded a
large black sill scarf.  Somehow it looked sexier than the rubber and leather
ones you see in the shops.  We all heard her sigh.  She turned to face me, and
thus all of us, and holding it up she had to open her mouth wide to put it in. 
It still didn't quite fit and she had to use her other hand to push it in.  She
pushed harder.  Finally with an audible pop if filled her mouth.  I heard on of
the women behind me sigh "Oh my!"  The show was on, noone was going anywhere.

I think the fullness of the gag surprised her.  Her eyes bulged.  We both heard
a few snickers from the crowd behind me.  Anne's face started to match the color
of the ball.  She reached back and tied the scarf lightly behind her head.  I
shock my head.  She fired the death ray eye darts again.  I shook my head more. 
She reached back and untied the knot and then gripping both sides of the scarf
pulled it very tight and retied the knot.  There is nothing sexier than a very
tight, bright red ball gag, stuffed into a heavily made up face.  The contrast
of her blond hair and the blood red lipstick around the ball was incredible.  
Her eyes bulged again when she turned to look at herself in the mirror.  After a
couple of seconds she looked down at the bag again.

Perfect!  I leaned back against the wall and became one of the crowd watching
this very sexy lady putting on a great show of self bondage in front of us all. 
I became part of the audience.  As several new people arrived to watch they
probably didn't even notice me there.  I only hoped Anne noticed this too.  The
nervous sideways glances she kept shooting at the crowd told me she was very
aware of the scene she was portraying.

Next into the bag and I was lucky again.  Out came a single handcuff connected
to a length of chain.  She pulled on the chain and out came the other cuff. 
"Please, please remember!" I thought to myself.  I shouldn't have worried.  Anne
was a very good study.  She put one cuff over a wrist and turned it so the chain
was on the inside.  She racheted it closed and then looking at the crowd she
actually winked and closed it a bit more.  We all enjoyed the extra two click
clicks.  She passed the chain behind her as I hoped and repeated the procedure
on the other wrist.  Now her movements were restricted but she was not useless. 
She had to struggle now to complete her task.  The murmurs and whispers behind
me told me everyone was enjoying the show.  The blush told me Anne was not.

Anne had to shuffle sideways and tip up on her toes to reach into the bag again. 
She came up empty.  She tried again.  Still nothing.  I was hoping, and again
she didn't disappoint me.  She grabbed the bag and turned it over.  A little
shake and out fell the last of the contents.  My favorite Japanese spring nipple
clips tinkled as they fell on the counter.  If looks could kill I'd be dead now. 
Fire was in those eyes and she shot me a glance through the mirror. 
Unfortunately, looking at me Anne also saw the now very large crowd that was
watching the show.  Even in the darkness we all say her ears turn purple.  Poor
girl, I almost felt sorry for her.  Well, that's a lie.  I was loving it.

Anne was true to herself.  She was true to me.  She reached down and with some
difficulty managed to get a clip over a very hard engorged nipple.  I'm sure
that the slight chill in the basement wasn't the only thing keeping those
nipples hard.  She winced noticeably with the first clip and then reached for
the second.   Again she winced as the second of those nasty little dragons bit
into her nipple.  Then she just stood there staring at her reflection in the
mirror as I broke ranks and walked up behind her.  "So, is this how you have fun
when I'm not around?" I whispered in her ear.  I still remember the look that
got me.

I picked up the chain across her back and lifting it up forced her to walk
backwards to the chair.  I lifted the chain up over the back and she had no
choice but to sit.  I pumped the chair up so she had a clear view of herself in
the mirror.  Then I pulled the chain down again forcing her to slump a bit in
the chair.  Her eyes shot darts again.  She couldn't figure if out.  I pointed a
stern finger at her through the mirror indicating she was not to move.  I walked
around front and reaching into my pocket pulled out a small brass lock matching
the ones on her shoes.  I reached down and lifted her leg and then bending the
knee over the arm of the chair closed the lock through the ankle strap of the
shoes and the handcuff chain behind her back.  Before she could react I repeated
the procedure with the other leg.

I watched her very closely as I stepped away so she could see herself in the
mirror.  Well she couldn't see herself.  With her legs up and over the arms of
the chair like that the only thing you could see was her pussy.  She struggled
but she was bound tight.  She was not moving until I was good and ready.  And I
was nowhere near ready.  Her legs were spread so you could actually see pink
between the folds over normally very tight pussy.  Her face was way past pink. 
Time for the bombshell.

"You know," I tried to be calm in my presentation but it was hard, and so was I. 
"You really do fuss with your appearance.  All that fuss with makeup and
clothes.  You spend a lot of time getting ready for a date.  I especially like
when you ask my advice about clothes and shoes and stuff.  That's nice.  Makes
me feel helpful.  Do you remember the time you asked me for help dying your
hair?"

That got me a nervous nod, I continued "You just couldn't reach in back.  You
just had to get rid of all those nasty roots.  God, that stuff stinks.  But it
works.  You do look nice as a blond.  Too bad it doesn't fool anybody.  After
all, one look at this and we all know."  With that I ran my finger through her
curly pubic hair.  "But don't worry, I'm always willing to help."

I reached into my jacket pocket and took out the small battery power beard
trimmer that had been there since dinner.  I held it up for Anne and the crowd
to see.  The crowd went nuts.  There were cheers and applause and encouragement
rained forth.  Anne went nuts too.  I was glad I chose the locks and not
something less secure.  I whispered in her ear. "Forget it Anne, this is going
to happen.  This has been two years in coming and I will get my revenge.  Damn
you and your T-shirts and G-strings on the couch."

I took off my jacket and hung it on the coat rack beside her dress.  She never
took her eyes off me as I took my time getting ready.  I walked back in front
and positioned myself carefully so she could see herself in the mirror.  The
trimmer made short order of her bush.  In less than a minute she had little more
than a fine stubble between her legs.  I was careful to work my way fully down. 
There was not a single long hair anywhere when I was finished.  I then went and
dropped the trimmer in my backpack.

I walked over and retrieved my thermos and small bag from the darkened corner
where they had sat unnoticed since we enter the room.  I made a show of putting
the stopper in the sink and opening the thermos.  Steam rose from the top
letting everyone know it contained some very hot water.  Another cheer and round
of encouragement from the crowd as I filled the sink with hot water.  I didn't
look at the water but rather Anne's eyes trying to commit capital punishment on
me through the mirror.

I reached into my small bag and extracted a safety razor and a can of lady's
shaving cream.  We all heard Anne whimper at the sight of the can.  I took a
small cloth out of the bag and wetted it in the sink.  I used it to dampen the
remaining pubic hair and then made a decision.  "You don't need to see this." I
said as I turned the chair to that she faced the crowd.  Several people called
out thanks.  Anne turned purple again.  As I walked behind her to get the
shaving cream I stopped to ask "Do you know what humiliation feels like yet?"  I
didn't need to see her eyes.  Someone in the crowd commented "Oh, she's pissed!"

I returned with the can and razor.  I have to admit I thoroughly enjoyed shaving
her pussy.  Although, I do believe there were others that enjoyed it more.  The
comments, some whispered, some spoken aloud were all very approving.  I think
the only person that was at least pretending not to enjoy themselves was Anne. 
I say pretending because her pussy was incredibly wet.  She was dripping.  That
unmistakable fragrance of a bitch in heat.  I winked at her a few times and got
poison darts back, but we both knew different.  Poor girl couldn't help herself. 
She was getting hot.

I stood back and accepted a round of compliments on a fine show and a job well
done.  I heard a voice behind me say "Looks nice and smooth, doesn't it my pet."  
I turned to see a familiar face.  I'd seen them in here before.  We had crossed
paths in here several times in the past.  As usual he was immaculately attired
in a white silk shirt and leather pants tucked into knee high leather boots.  A
very old century buccaneer look.  He was carrying a black riding crop in one
hand and the leash to his pet in the other.  At the other end of the leash was a
beautiful young lady, nude except for a leather collar to which the leash was
attached at the cuffs that secured he hands behind her back.  She was a petite
little thing, with small firm breasts and a tight little bottom.  I knew from
previous sightings that her pubis was always shaved just as Anne's now was.

I couldn't resist "Oh, I'm not really sure.  Do you really think it's totally
smooth?"

He picked up on it immediately "Well, we could always check, right pet?"

I reached down to open the entry to the cubicle.  At they entered I turned to
Anne just in time to receive a double salvo of poison eye darts.  My guest
looked at his companion and requested "Please check that she is sufficiently
smooth."  The girl looked back at her bound hands and then up at her master.  We
all say him run his tongue suggestively across his lips.  The girls did an
excellent job of imitating one of Anne's best blushes.  Anne was doing a pretty
good encore on her own.

The girl looked pleadingly up at Anne, I think asking forgiveness as she knelt
between Anne's legs and slowly ran her tongue up and down each side of her pussy
a few times.  He master whispered to me "That's got to be hard for her, first
time."

"She's well trained, care to push it further?" I asked.  He was nodding as his
pet rose and returned to his side.  I gave her a look that required a response.

"Oh, yes sir, very smooth.  You did a fine job.  Much better than she ever could
have done herself.  I'm sure she is very appreciative."  Those comments were
rewarded with her own round of poison darts from Anne's eyes.  We all saw and
enjoyed that.

"Would you say it was invitingly smooth?"  I queried.

Before she caught the trap she answered "Oh yes Sir.  Very inviting!"  Then
realizing what she had just said she stopped cold and blushed again.

He master spoke next "Well, don't be rude.  You wouldn't dare refuse such a fine
invitation as that.  You have five minutes.  If she doesn't cum by then, well
then she has five minutes with you."  With that last comment he indicated the
woman we had seen whipping the man when we entered the room some time earlier. 
She was standing there watching the show.  Her stance was very menacing.  She
had her whip curled hanging on her right hand.  With the masters words she let
it whip uncurl to the floor and smiled an wicked looking grin at his pet.

The poor girl was visible shaken.  Her eyes pleaded with first her master and
seeing the uselessness there turned to me.  I just looked at my watch.  When I
looked up she was stepping toward Anne and lowering herself to her knees.  You
could have heard a pin drop in the room.  Anne's eyes were screaming at me.  She
was pulling at her bounds but we both knew that was useless.  I just hoped she
didn't hurt herself.  I was just a little worried though.  I had made promises,
I had to be true to her.  I tried to get her attention but her eyes were riveted
on the pretty young thing between her legs.  And then the tongue came out, her
head tilted forward, and Anne's eyes rolled back into her head.  There was an
audible sign from several viewers in the room behind us.  That snapped Anne's
attention back to the audience watching the show.

I caught her eye and discreetly held out one, two, then three fingers for her to
see.  Her eyes perked up and she nodded, at that instant the tongue hit
something.  I laughed aloud as Anne's eyes rolled back and she shot me the bird
with both hands.  She didn't last three minutes.

When she cam, she cam hard.  I think she probably hurt herself a little.  Even
the velvet gloves couldn't totally protect her from the pulling and straining
that came with her orgasm.  The gag held back the scream but we all heard it
anyway.  Her chest was heaving, she through her head back and forth.  Her
breasts were flinging around and the nipple clips did an amazing dance.  It
wasted a good long while and our little instigator did an admirable job of
trying to lap up all the juice Anne was pumping out.  Of coarse that licking
also served to prolong the orgasm and thus created a vicious circle that had
Anne ridding wave after wave until she finally collapsed in near exhaustion.

I don't even know if Anne heard the applause.  At least a dozen people shock my
hand at a job well done.  Many of the women either shook my hand or offered me a
hug.  Several even commented that the wished some day, just once, to cum like
that.  The crowd started to break up.  I turned to the master.

"Thank you sir.  I don't know how ever to thank you.  I was hoping it would lead
to that, but I didn't know how.  She was perfect."  I offered my hand in a
genuine gesture of thanks.

"Oh, fine.  It was mutually rewarding.  I've been wanting pet to experience that
for quite some time.  And as thanks lets discuss that next time I see you in
here in a dress.  There are other things pet needs to experience."  With a wink
he tugged gently on pet's leash and let himself out of the cubicle.

I went to the chair and started the release Anne.  I took the gag off first so
she could breath.  Her eyes fluttered as I stood over her.  She spoke quietly
"You win, I ..... I ...."

I had retrieved my jacket and while putting it on quietly retorted "But the
night's still young."

Continued in part IV




Getting Her Gloves Back
Part IV

I was doing some heavy thinking as I circled around in front of Anne.  I had
started this whole evening with a basic plan and an open mind.  Certain aspects
of my plan were critical to what I would call success.  The sessions at the
shops, the hotel lobby bar and the restaurant were all important.  The whole
public shaving was a major part of my plan.  The bit with the other woman was a
big surprise and that leading to Anne's orgasm was a major break.  I had one
other major event planned, but that was later, at home.  It was something I was
very nervous about, but knew I had to at least try.  At this point I felt our
time here was about over and I had made up my mind to let her go.  I stepped
toward the chair making ready to release the locks that held her tight.

As I bent over I heard her gasp and whisper "Oh shit, it can't be!"

I stood up quick, placing myself in front of Anne.  "Someone you know?" I asked. 
My heart was in my throat.  I had worried a little about a pure coincidence of
someone she knew being at the club that night.  I had passed it off as near
impossible, but maybe I was wrong.  There were still a few curious onlookers
watching us and maybe one of them knew her.  "Someone from work?" I whispered my
biggest fear.

Anne's eyes were as big as tea saucers as she stole glances to the crowd and
spoke softly to me.  "No, nothing like that.  I'm not even sure.  He looks like
someone I knew long ago."  My look demanded further explanation. "From high
school, years ago.  Looks kinda the same, but it couldn't be.  Never mind."

My mind was racing.  I put my plan to release Anne on hold and made note of
which direction she kept glancing.  I then made my way to the sink and made
myself busy packing up the shaving gear.  There was one guy in the diminishing
crowd that was making no moves to leave.  And his look at Anne was more than a
little inquisitive.  I took a chance.  "Did you enjoy it?"

"Are you kidding?" was his enthusiastic reply.  "That was the most awesome thing
I've ever seen."  He had a very noticeable accent.  I couldn't place it.  Then
he added "Sure reminds me of someone from back home."

"Oh, you not from around here?" I tried to be nonchalant with the question.

"No just visiting for a convention.  Snuck away from the gang because I'd read
about this place and always wanted to check it out.  Pretty wild stuff!"

"Where's home?"  I kept my voice light to not seem too curious.

"Wyoming, central state.  Not much happens there, nothing like this that's for
sure."

That set it.  I knew Anne was from Wyoming.  It was too good to be true but
maybe, just maybe.  "Would you like a closer look?"

Poor guy.  He wasn't expecting that.  He damn near jumped over the low wall
between us.  Then he caught himself and trying but failing to be at ease replied
"Yes, I very much would!"

I avoided Anne's stare as I made for the entry and lowered the chain to allow
our guest to enter.  By the time I put the chain back up and turned around their
eyes were locked on each others.  The both broke little nervous smiles.  Eyes
twinkled.  They knew each other.  My head was screaming.  "Oh, the
possibilities!"

Anne spoke first. "Hi snake."

His eye twitched and he replied sharply "Hi CT!" Anne gave him an exaggerated
little girl pout and he added "Well you started it!"  Cute, they were acting
lick a pair of high school kids.

"Snake?" I questioned.

Anne was quick to answer.  "Oh, come on.  You're not blind!  Even in those pants
you can see.  It  hasn't gotten any smaller I see.  Even back in school there
were stories.  Some of the girls thought serpent would have been a better name."

I hadn't noticed.  Besides, behind the wall and in the crowd I couldn't see
anyway.  But now that I could look, he was wearing a very loose pant, even so
they looked very full.  I turned to him and questioned "CT?"

"Well, noone called her that to her face, but it was pretty well known.  I've
been watching you two for a while.  Her outfit tonight is not a lot different
from some of the stuff she wore to school.  She loved to play games with the
boys, teachers too.  She was quite the little Cock Tease!"

Anne started to protest but I cut her off "The more things change, the more they
stay the same.  What kind of things did she wear back then?"  A raised finger
raised to Anne kept her quiet, but she shook her head trying to quiet our guest. 
Unfortunately for her, he was just getting fired up.

"Oh anything to show off.  She wasn't stuck up or anything, just developed early
and liked to share her bounty.  Those are real, I know, she got them when she
was 14 and they still look as good as they did then.  She made sure we all knew
it too.  Tight sweaters, low cut tops.  We all knew she liked little push up
bras that made sure we all saw a lot of flesh.  Oh and those hot pants.  Either
hot pants or tiny little mini skirts.  You know ..."

"Exhibitionist." I finished.

Anne started to defend herself saying "I never did it on purpose, I never did
anything to you ...."

He interrupted and speaking over her said "And what about those hot pants, the
too tight ones with the little black and white checks.  Do you remember that
morning?"

"Oh that's not fair.  You started it!"  Turning to me she continued "He always
wore loose clothes to school.  He had to.  Then one morning I see him coming
down the hall in these tight jeans.  I saw them at school dances, but never at
school.  He was coming down the hall towards my locker and I saw how tight they
were.  His ....  thing was hanging down one leg.  I had to do it.  All the
stories, I just had to know.  So when he got close I dropped a book.  Maybe I
wasn't very lady-like when I picked it up mmmmph"

Anne's version of the story was cut short as he stuffed the ball gag in her
mouth.  Even before I could react he had it tied tightly behind her head. 

"Unlady-like!  Damn girl those pants were so tight I could count your pubic
hairs.  And you made sure I had enough time to do it too.  Bent over like that. 
God! You've always had a great ass, but you knew that too didn't you?  And, you
just stared at my crotch.  Of coarse I got hard.  Damn, I even started to
dribble." As he spoke her reached down into his pants and adjusted his briefs. 
The monster was released and fell down his pant leg.  The thing went half way to
his knee.  It was huge!!!  And, it was already getting stiff.  "It was so
embarrassing!  I had to go home and change.  I also had to relieve myself too. 
You made me have to do that more than once you little teasing bitch. Do you
remember the little green skirt?"

Anne shock her head vigorously.  Not because she didn't remember but because she
didn't want me to hear about it.  "Did you bring a condom?" I asked.

He reached into a pocket and pulled out a large packet.  "Never leave home
without it.  It's not like I can get my size just anywhere."  Another round of
moans and head shacking from Anne as she began to realize where this was going.

"Why don't you put it on while you remind her about the skirt?"

The crowd was building again as people became aware that the action on out
cubicle was restarting.  He glanced back then turned to me and whispered "Me
.... now, here?"

He was still hesitant and Anne was shaking her head giving him go very honest
pleading looks.  I wasn't going to let her off that easy.  "So, how long have
you been fantasizing about getting even?  How many times have you jerked off
thinking about our little CT?"

He started to unbutton his shirt as he spoke.  "This damn little mini skirt, it
was green.  Micro-mini actually, She wore it with matching panties.  I remember
all us guys fighting to be behind her on the stairs.  You could see everything. 
Silly too tight little panties."  The shirt was off and he started unbuckling
his pants. "She liked to wear that on Thursdays.  That was chemistry lab day.
Remember poor Mr. Murphy?  You caused him more embarrassment.  Sitting there
flashing him under the desk until he was hard and then the other girls started
to giggle at him.  This is for him too!"  With that the pants fell exposing one
of the largest cocks I've ever seen. John Holmes eat your heart out!

"And then one day on the stairs you got me.  You stopped dead and bent over as
if to pick up something.  I didn't notice in time and walked right into you.  My
head went right up your butt.  My nose went right into your crack.  It actually
got wet!!!  Everyone was laughing at me.  And you just walked away."  Now he was
totally nude and was opening the condom pack.  The monster continued to grow and
I heard a gasp behind me.

One of several women was shaking her head in disbelief.  She was clutching the
arm of her partner who commented "He's going to kill her with that thing."

The girl replied for all to hear "Yeah, but what a way to go!"  Anne's ears
turned purple as the crowd laughed at the girls remark.

I walked around behind the chair as I watched him roll the condom onto his cock. 
I just couldn't get over the size of it.  It was as big as Anne's forearm.  It
was very stiff with a monster purple head than looked as if it could either fuck
Anne or eat her.  Anne was pounding her fist against the side of the chair.  I
knew she wanted me to look at it.  I leant down and whispered in her ear. 
"Don't you dare!  You've deserved this to 25 years!  The man deserves his
revenge.  Think about it.  Besides, have you ever seen anything like it?"

Her eyes rolled up at me.  I could see the fear.  She shot back at the cock and
then back at me.  The fear was still there.  I whispered again "I will respect
your wishes, I promised you that."  As I looked down at her hands I watched pull
back two fingers on each hand to give me two very forceful birds.  "You're going
to regret that!" I quoted her earlier remark.  The moan from behind the gag told
me the irony was not lost on her.

I walked around the chair to take station by the wall and enjoy the show.  As I
walked past him I offered "I'd ask you to be gentle with her, but I guess that's
out of the question."

"No don't go," he insisted "The story's not finished yet."  Both Anne and I were
surprised now.  I went back behind the chair so he could talk directly at us
both, which gave me a perfect view as he stepped forward and just the tip of his
cock touched Anne's pussy.

Anne moaned, several gasps from the audience told us that Anne had sympathy in
her plight.  Not from me, nor any other man in the room.  I was also willing to
bet most of the women were looking forward to it too.  Showtime!

He pushed forward a bit.  The head started to stretch her pussy lips.  Anne
threw her head back and closed her eyes.  I glanced down at her hands and saw
the two frozen birds.  "Payback time" I said load enough for all to hear.

He spoke as he gently started to rock back and forth putting a little more in
each time.  "I'm married now you know.  She's a really nice girl.  Took me a
long time to find someone that could handle this more than just once in a long
while.  Everything was fine.  Still is really.  But then one day, a couple of 
years ago we were invited to this cocktail party.  She bought a new dress,
special for the occasion.  She looked gorgeous in it.  It green silky little
dress.  A very short green dress.  You know Anne!  A green mini, very mini!" 
With that he thrust forward at the head of his cock disappeared into Anne.  We
all heard the squeal behind the gag.  Anne already had more cock in her that she
ever had in her life and I was still looking at a good ten inches exposed.

I reached down and stroked her head.  She opened her eyes and pleaded.  I
mouthed just loud enough for her to hear. "See what happens when you tease a
snake?"

He continued has story as he began rocking back and forth again.  "I just kept
looking at her all night.  Every man was that night I suppose, but she came home
with me.  I didn't even let her take it off.  I took her right there on the
living room floor.  You could almost say I raped my wife."  He was pumping a bit
harder now and Anne was in obvious distress.  I figured about 8 inches in and
another 4 or 5 to go.  "Boy was she pissed!  The next day she would hardly speak
to me.  She said I had never fucked her like that.  Even on our honeymoon I was
more gentle.  But that night ..... all the memories.  All the lust I had for you
all those years!"  On the word lust Anne got about half of the remaining cock
and started to moan and pant into the gag.  Her breathing was getting faster and
faster and her eyes now wide open were beginning to glaze over.

"A while back I found out one of her friends went to school with us.  I guess
she heard all about you.  She even heard about your little green mini skirt and
that episode on the stairs.  She's never spoken about it, bit I know she knows
all about it!"  Now he was really pumping and the last of his cock was
disappearing into Anne's well stretched pussy.  He ended the story with "And
she's never worn that dress again, I've begged, but she says she never will!" 
Now he was pounding her.

Anne was having trouble breathing.  I reached down and removed the gag.  That
let a long deep moan that the whole room heard escape.  She slowly raised her
head and looked down between her bound stretched legs.  It looked like a
baseball bat as he pulled it a long way out and then thrust it back in.  It was
a combination of scream, moan, squeal, and prayer as she let out a
"OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH MMMYYYY GOOOOOOOOODDDDDDD!"

At that instant I reached down and removed the nipple clips.  Her heart was
pounding from the fucking and almost injected the blood back into those pore
tortured nubs.  That was it.  She went over the top.  She came from her toes. 
The orgasm ripped up from the very depths of her being and took over her body. 
She lost it.  Her orgasm set him off and they both screamed in
agony/pain/pleasure as wave after wave of climax rolled over them.  Anne passed
out.

Slowly he extracted his cock from Anne.  He actually had to step back to get the
whole thing out.  More sighs in the crowd told me that a few girls were envious. 
I noticed a huge load of cum in the tip of the condom.  She had to be feeling
that inside her.  Wordlessly he pulled the condom off and dripped it into a
nearby basket.  It hit bottom with a splat that brought a few more comments from
the crowd.  As he started to dress I asked "Was it worth waiting for?"

He managed a weak smile "You'll never know.  Better than I'd ever hoped.  I may
even tell my wife about it.  I think it would honestly help.  Revenge is mine
and thus her's, maybe it will help, I'll think about it."

"I'd like to know." I said as I handed him a small card with my first name and
blind E-mail address on it.  "And if you ever want to get a message to Anne I'll
pass it on.  It's better this way,  you understand."

He nodded and looked over as Anne started to stir.  I went over to start
releasing her and he followed to give her a little kiss on the cheek.  Her eyes
fluttered as he said "I'd say I'm sorry, but I'm not."  With that he turned and
let himself out of the cubicle.

Anne needed a lot of help first just to stand and then getting dressed.  The
crowd broke up and we were left to ourselves as we took our time cleaning up. 
Neither of us said a word as we prepared for departure.  There were a lot of
pointed fingers and whispered comments as we made our way across the floor to
the exit.  I had to almost carry her up the stairs but eventually we almost fell
into the juice bar upstairs.  I got us each a large bottle of water and a small
juice.  We drank in silence.

We must have been there about 30 minutes before Anne finally spoke.  "Thanks, I
needed that."  Then with an impish smile she looked at the empty water bottle
and added "And the drink was good too."  This girl was full of surprises.  I was
speechless and she knew it.  She just sat there smugly as I almost stammered
"Well, we'd better get going."

"Home?" was her one word question.

"Yes, time to get rid of that smug little smirk!"

Anne smiled at that one and made to get up.  For all her bravado she wasn't
moving too quickly.  I stood and offered her a hand.  "Maybe I should take that
back.  I'm worse off than I thought.  Damn that was one huge cock.  You have no
idea what it was like.  And when he cam!  My god I thought I'd split.  It felt
like he was pumping up my throat.  Some day, some how, I don't know when, I'll
get you back for that."

"Not your turn tonight CT.  I'm not finished yet."

"Yes sir" she whispered as I helped her out the door.

To Be Continued .....



Getting Her Gloves Back
Part V

Anne was having a bit of trouble walking to the car.  I gave her quite a bit of
support and she did okay to the car.  I held the door and made sure she saw me
leering as she swept her legs into the vehicle.  "Damn shoes!" she commented "I
hadn't planned on this much action when I locked them on.  Thanks for the help."

"Where's the key?  I'll help you out of them and you can relax for the drive
home." I offered.

"The key is on your pillow." And then she stopped short and had a look that told
me she had just remembered something.  I chose then to walk around to the
driver's door and get in behind the wheel.  I started the car and started
towards home in silence.

Five minutes into the drive she finally spoke.  "Um .... may I speak?"  I nodded
silently.

Anne sighed seeming to make her mind up about something.  "I left the key to
these shoes and a few other items on the pillow in your room.  I didn't think
you would go this far.  I knew about the makeup and nails.  I even guessed
something would be up with lingerie.  I figured dinner was a given.  I loved the
meal by the way, thank you.  The hotel bar, well ... lets not talk about that. 
But I figured all the action would be at home.  So ..... I left some .... stuff
on your bed."  She was struggling.  I had to give her a break.

"Anything you regret?" I asked.

"Regret, not exactly." she responded. "More ..... well considering what's just
happened I don't think.... just something that you won't be needing.  And the
other thing ......  Well ....  The note will explain that."

"Note?" I queried.  The look told me she didn't want to answer.  We drove the
rest of the way home in silence.

When we got home, Anne excused herself to the washroom, and I went to retrieve a
bottle of white wine from the fridge and two glasses.  I sat on the couch and
pored two glasses.  I was just taking my first sip when Anne reentered the room
and knelt submissively at my feet.  She had her legs spread wide, her back
strait, her breasts thrust out.  She was staring out to space past me to the
wall beyond.  She was begging for more.

I was very impressed.  She had freshened up her makeup and combed her hair.  She
broke her stare when I held her wine glass to her.  She nodded and accepted the
offer and then seeing my questioning look spoke very quietly.  "I've got to
finish this.  The count is 30 sir."

I smiled as I rose to walk to my room.  A finger pointed down at the floor told
her to stay where she was.  A sigh told me she was a bit nervous about what I'd
find there.  I entered the room and noted that my closet door was open and the
two bags normally hidden in back were up front and open.  Some of the contents
were spread out on the floor and on the writing table I had in the room.  The
little vixen had arranged my toys.  It was really quite neat and organized. 
Considering what must have been going through her mind as she waited for my call
earlier that day I couldn't be surprises.  I turned my attention to the bed.

There were a few items on the pillow at the head of the bed.  I guessed these
were the ones she was most interested in.  The spreader bar, collar, blindfold
and handcuffs didn't surprise me.  The handcuffs were an older cheaper pair I
hadn't used in a long time.  She had no way of knowing this morning that I had
taken the better ones with me to work.  She knew that now of coarse. She'd have
some rings on her wrists after the struggling she did in the club to remind her
of that for a day or two.  The last two items on the pillow did surprise me.

The first were the condoms.  It was a three pack still folded like when
purchased.  We had discussed sex between us before.  She always insisted that
would ruin our relationship.  She had met my wife.  They were actually more than
acquaintances.  She was right, it could get difficult.  But now the condoms on
the pillow told me I had a chance.  "So that's what she meant in the car." I
thought to myself.  After the blow job on the restaurant, and the fucking she
got at the club she figured she was off the hook.  "Silly girl" I said aloud and
put the condoms on the bedside table.

The last item was the biggest surprise of all.  My riding crop was laid out
carefully across the pillow and had a small piece of paper folded and held to
the handle with a little pink ribbon.  This had to be shared.  I picked up the
crop and the leather collar leaving the rest of the toys where they were.  I
stopped on my way out of the room and dug in my toy bag.  It didn't take long to
find my leather paddle.  It was almost identical to the one we had seen being
used on the woman at the club earlier this evening.

I had sure Anne heard me coming back into the room.  She put her wine glass down
on the table beside her and assumed her kneeling position again.  I walked in
front and sat between her spread knees.  Her eyes flickered when she saw I was
carrying the crop.  Without a work I gently pulled her hair back and put the
collar around her neck..  I made it snug but not tight and turned it so the
D-ring sewn into the collar was in the middle back of her neck.  I reached into
my pack on the couch beside me and pulled out the same chain and handcuffs that
had been used on her in the club.  I removed one handcuff from the chain,
reached behind her neck and passed the chain through the D-ring before
re-attaching the cuff to the loose end.  I released the cuffs and they fell
behind her hanging on the chain.  From experience I knew they'd be about the
middle of her back..  I reached for my wine glass and sat back to take a sip.

She didn't move at first, and then it hit.  She shot me a look and then with a
humph reached behind her back.  She fussed a bit, but then I heard the
ratcheting sound of one of the cuffs closing.  Seconds later the second cuff
closed.  She sighed and raised her eyes back up to mine.  I shook my head
slowly.  Her eyes bulged.  I shook again.  Click, click, then click, click.  Now
they were tight.  I got my first eye dart since the club.

I picked up the paddle and placed it prominently on the couch beside me. 
Looking at it I said "Thirty.  Then why this?" I picked up the crop and started
to remove the note.  "Is thirty not enough?"

Anne spoke rapidly, very nervous "But I didn't know we'd be counting.  That was
before ..."  I silenced her with a raised hand and turned my attention to the
note.

DEAREST SWEET SIR.

I EXPECT TONIGHT WILL BE A LOT OF FIRSTS FOR US.  ESPECIALLY ME.  I WANT YOU TO
KNOW THAT I FULLY INTEND TO GO ALL THE WAY.  I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT THIS FOR YEARS
AND ITS TIME.  I JUST CAN NOT IMAGINE ANYONE I COULD TRUST MORE TO DO THIS WITH. 
YOU'RE JUST SO NICE.  I KNOW YOU WON'T HURT ME, WELL AT LEAST NOT REALLY.  I
GIVE YOU PERMISSION TO DO WHAT EVER YOU WANT.  ANYTHING!  THIS IS A ONCE ONLY
CHANCE SO GO FOR IT.  I INTEND TO.

THERE'S JUST ONE THING.  YOU TOLD ME YOU'VE NEVER ACTUALLY USED THIS.  THAT IS
ONLY FOR SHOW.  TONIGHT IS FOR MORE THAN SHOW.  PLEASE, NOT MANY, NOT HARD, BUT
I HAVE TO KNOW, I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO.  ONE FOR EACH YEAR I'VE ENJOYED TEASING
YOU.  THREE, NO MORE, NO LESS.  PLEASE MAKE ME REGRET WRITING THIS NOTE.

SIGNED, YOUR ONE NIGHT SLAVE.

I looked pack to Anne.  She was shaking her head slowly.  A single tear was
running down one cheek..  She looked so scared.  I knew she was trembling.  I
gently wiped the tear away with a single finger and let the finger linger across
her lips.  She knew not to speak.  "You were not ready for how for it went
tonight, were you?"  Her eyes met mine and she shook her head slowing again. 
"The afternoon shops were okay?"  Her shaking turned to a nod.  "The hotel lobby
made you horny didn't it?"  Her eyes bulged and then with a little downturn of
her eyes the nod continued.  "The restaurant was within limits too, right?"  The
nodding stopped, she shrugged her shoulders and then nodded again.  "The shaving
was for me and had to be done.  Do you accept that?"  She never stopped nodding. 
"And your old high school sweetheart was your own doing, years ago!"  That
brought a full salvo of eye darts and a sigh.  I was worried at that moment that
she'd break the mood and speak.  Finally, with another sigh she nodded slowly
again.  I was batting 1000.  It was time to push it.


I chose my words carefully. "I like the counting game, it lets you set your own
pace.  Too bad you have such a bad temper.  You must learn control my dear." 
That got me another salvo.  "Thirty is a higher number that I was expecting.  Do
you remember how excited you got watching the young couple at the club?" She
started nodding before she recognized the trap.  She stopped short and gave me a
stiff stare.  "Did you count there?"  She never took her eyes off mine as she
shook a slow no.  "She swallowed her first cum after only twelve swats."  Anne's
eyes showed her surprise.  "Are you ready for thirty?"  She started to shake and
then to my shock it turned to a nod.   She saw my surprised look and grinned. 
She got me, and she knew it.  I couldn't play that easy!

"You wrote this note before we started counting, before you saw now nasty this
paddle is at the club.  So now you regret writing the note?"  That got me a
couple of very big affirmative nods.  "Do you remember the last line of your
note?"  Her eyes bulged out of out of her head.  "See, my job's half done
.......  Thirty-three!"  She was whimpering as I stood and took her arm to help
her stand.  I made sure she saw me looking at her hands.  No fingers were
extended.  I looked back up to very defiant eyes.

Now I had a problem.  Was I strong enough to go through with it?  I really
didn't want to hurt her, but now.....  I had to figure a way to build it into my
other plans.

I heard a near silent "oops" as we entered my room and Anne saw the toys she had
laid out for me that morning.  I was betting that she probably was regretting
that too by now.  I led her to the foot of my bed, facing the pillow and stepped
behind her.  I think she was a bit surprised when I undid one of the clips
holding the cuffs to the chain and thus her arms up into the small of her back. 
I took the free hand and put it behind her neck.  She matched the move with her
other hand.  I folded the chain double and re-clipped it.

I then reached up and very gently pulled her panties down.  I felt a slight
shudder but there was no surprise.  We both knew that was coming for a long
time.  I then climbed on the bed and knelt directly in front of her.  I left the
dress straps on and reached into her bra to extract each full breast.  The bra
folded under and served to hold each breast up and squeeze them together further
accentuating their size and firmness.  The low scoop neck line of the dress
beautifully framed the two big mounds before me.  I gently tweaked the nipples
and saw her wince a little as they began to stiffen.  I kissed each and played
with my tongue a bit which just made them that much harder.  Her eyes bulged
when she saw me reach for the all too familiar Japanese nipple clips.

"Oh please, no more, it was only a while ago and they stiff hurt a little." Her
eyes were pleading as she spoke.

"That's not what you said the other night when you ... requested all of this! 
We are full of regrets tonight aren't we my dear."  She squealed loudly and
swore under her breath as I attached each clip.  It hurt already and she didn't
know the half of it.

 "On the bed, knees and elbows.  Ankles at the end of the mattress."  I spoke
sternly but quietly, I didn't want and argument, but I didn't want fear either. 
She immediately complied.  It was a bit of a struggle with her limited mobility
and I enjoyed watching her breasts swing and flop around as she took up
position.  I went between her legs at the foot of the bed and was rewarded with
a beautiful view of her exposed bottom and freshly shaved pussy.  I let her hear
my sigh as I reached for and attached my spreader bar between her ankles.  It
was time to be nasty.  It was time for a little misdirection.

I picked up the paddle and sat on the edge of the bed near her head.  I moved my
pillow and helped her spread her elbows so that her head was on the pillow
facing me.  Her own weight was now holding her down.  She wasn't getting back up
until I helped her.  The skirt of her dress fell down exposing her raised ass
and she sighed.  She though she knew what was coming, silly girl.  I reached for
my inflatable gag and put the deflated balloon in the mouth.  I buckled it tight
round her head but did not inflate it.  She could still talk.  It would sound a
bit funny but it would be intelligible.  There was something I just had to hear.

"Shimmy your knees forward." I said quietly as I played with the paddle.  He
boobs giggled and swayed as she shifted them forward.  He ass went higher in the
air.  " A bit more."  Her eyes told me she was not happy but she did as told.  I
watched the chain between her nipples.  It looked about right.  I reached for
the chain and spoke as I slipped the middle link over the hook in the middle of
the spreader bar.  "Now I suggest you stay in this position.  If you try and sit
up you'll cause yourself some serious pain."  I gave each breast a gentle nudge
that caused it to giggle and pull on the chain.  That tightened the grip of the
clips on her nipples.  She winced at even the gentle tug on her nipples and
pulled her knees up even more to relieve the strain.  Her ass was now well up
into the air.

I stood up where she could see me and started to get undressed.  Looking at her
in the eye I asked "Do you remember when this all started"

"Wo meam whem wo moved in?" she replied questioningly.

"No, this silly" I said exposing my very hard cock and pointing at the paddle in
front of her face.

"Ow, wo meam that night I watcheb wo" again her eyes showed confusion.

"Yes, watched me and fucked me, but before that, think about it." I said as I
removed my socks and shoes to stand nude before her.

I could tell she was thinking but nothing was clicking.  "Here, let me give you
a hint."  I walked behind her and knelt on the bed.  Very gently I reached
forward and gently ran my tongue around her tight little pink asshole.

"Ow the backbub.  You swupwized me.  I gwot swareb" She was pleased with herself
for remembering. 

I came back beside the bed to stand before her and as I reached for the condoms
I dropped the bombshell.  "Well, tonight I'm not just licking."

Poor Anne.  She jumped.  It looked like she damn near ripped her nipples off. 
She screamed and started to say something.  It was totally unintelligible as I
inflated the gag and she was soon reduced to near silence as her mouth filled. 
She quickly pulled her knees up tight to her ample chest and again presented a
very vulnerable ass.  I couldn't help but add "Guess we've heard the last from
her for awhile."  The eye darts told me she recognized her own quote from the
club earlier that same night.

I picked up the condom again and walked behind her as I opened the package. 
"You should have guessed roomie.  After all I've already had a fabulous blow job
tonight.  And god knows your pussy has seen enough action for a while.  You
really didn't expect me to go to sleep with this thing again did you?"  I began
to roll the lubricated condom down my very hard shaft.  A dream, a dream beyond
the wildest of dreams, a fantasy I barely allowed myself was about to come true.

I began slowing licking the beautiful tight pink hole.  I let my tongue slip
just inside.  Getting her wet.  She moaned and started to move.  I heard a
squeal from behind the gag and she shifted again pushing her butt up into my
face.  I reached for a small tube of KY jelly I had strategically placed
earlier.  As I dabbed a bit extra lubrication on the tip of the my condom
covered cock I asked.  "Please be honest.  Is this the first time?"

The huge eyes, and the struggled nods told me I had an added pleasure.  "Two of
your cherries in one night.  Lucky girl!"  The eye darts told me she didn't
agree.  I looked directly at her hands.  She saw me and did nothing.  No
fingers, just salvo after salvo of eye darts.  She turned away from me and
pressed her face into the pillow as the tip of my cock touched her asshole.

She was tight.  I tried to be gentle was she was just so damned tight.  It took
a while just to get the head of my cock in.  It was so warm and tight.  I rested
only a second and then began to pump.  A little more each time.  I knew I
wouldn't last long so pacing myself was out of the question.  Soon my whole
member was moving in and out in firm strokes.  My balls started to smack up
against her shaved and tender pussy.  I knew my thrusting was being translated
through her body to tugging on her nipples.  I was getting very close to coming. 
I reached around her and released the clips from her nipples.  I heard the
muffled scream as the blood rushed back into those tortured nubs.  I grabbed a
boob in each hand an lifted her up she came up and over me almost sitting on my
cock buried in her ass.  That last thrust was it.  I cam list a beast.  I just
barely realized from her shuddering and shaking she was cuming too.

It took us both a while to come back down to earth.  Sitting there her impaled
on my cock I played with her breast avoiding her tender nipples.  Finally, I
nudged her forward and pulled out with a pop.  I patted her on the butt and
whispered "So much for virginity of any kind."  I left her there to recover on
the bed as I slipped into the washroom across the hall to dispose of the condom
and clean up.  She was still lying there when I reentered the room.

"Don't speak." I said as I deflated the gag and undid the straps.  She lay there
silent as I found the key and released her hands from the cuffs.  I removed the
chains and collar, spreader bar, and even found the other key to remove her
heels.  I got a very appreciative sigh as I removed the shoes and she worked her
toes in new found freedom.  Moving carefully I rolled down the hose and helped
her out of her dress and remaining lingerie.  Soon she was nude and I offered my
arm to help her stand off the bed.

I supported her as she fought to find her balance.  "Now go get ready for bed. 
You are sleeping here tonight."  She started to say something but I cut her off. 
"Remember this was a 24 hour deal.  Besides, we have a major project to get
started on.  Thirty three is a big number.  We can't do it all tomorrow morning. 
That wouldn't be fair to either of us.  So before we sleep we have to get a
little start."  I reached over and pulled the paddle to the foot of the bed.  I
recovered the crop from the floor and put it beside the paddle.  I heard her
whisper "Oh shit!"

"While you are getting ready for bed think about it.  You have 15 minutes.  When
you come back you let me know where you'd like to start."  I motioned towards
the door and I watched as she slowly shuffled out of the room.  Now defiant
wiggling of her butt tonight.  Most of the fight was knocked out of her.

She was back it ten minutes.  I was sitting at my writing desk and I made sure
see saw me add a word or two to her note about the crop.  I folded it so she
couldn't see what I wrote.

She hadn't touched her face or hair I guess deciding to sleep as is.  She had
slipped on a short, see through, black, baby doll and I saw the matching panties
in the hand.  She looked very cute.  Without a word she put the panties down on
the bed and picked up the crop.  She put it down on the table in front of me and
stood there looking at the floor.  My card was being called.

I summoned up my courage and lied "I was hoping you would do that."  I picked up
the crop and gestured at the folded paper on my desk. "One for each year you've
enjoyed teasing me.  Well, here's the deal little miss CT."  Her eyes shot me a
glare with that comment. "You've got a beautiful wardrobe and a great collection
of lingerie.  Over those three years you've made sure I saw most of the lingerie
and you're fuckable body during our news time on the couch.  So I picked a
number of my favorite outfits.  There's three groups of three.  A, B, and C. 
You have to match my selection of the your favorite give-him-a-hardon outfits. 
The best, groups A will be a firm swish.  Group B will be a harder slash, a
selection from group C will leave a mark for several days.  Anything not on my
list will draw blood.  Do you understand?"

Her eyes were bugged out in genuine fear.  She was shaking.  The color drained
from her face and then I saw a slow unmistakable nod.  She called my bluff.  Now
I was shocked.  I didn't know what to do next so I let her decide.  "Assume the
position."

She looked around the room and then reached for my pillow off the bed.  She put
the pillow on the seat of the chair at my writing desk and stood behind the back
of the chair.  She spread her legs wide and bent over the back to press her face
into the pillow.  She then reached back and pulled at the back of her baby doll
top to expose herself totally to me.  She then reach around and looped her arms
through each arm of the chair and locked her finger together behind her neck. 
It was amazing he had just fashioned a very serviceable set of stocks, And I was
looking at a very white, smooth, soft, target.

She spoke for the first time. "Purple V-neck cropped T-shirt with black lace
Victoria Secret G-string."

"Ah, very good choice.  A favorite of yours.  I get to see the tops and bottom
of your tits and more ass that you know than I can handle.   You've worn that a
few times and I've had to jack off every time."  I meant to just flick her with
the crop but in my excitement it was harder than intended.  Immediately an angry
red welt appeared across the middle of her right cheek.  She screamed into the
pillow and I waited as she panted to regain composure.

"You're kidding." she gasped "How could that be in group C, it's one of my best
show pieces. Damn you.  Okay, okay how about sitting cross legged pink spaghetti
strap knit top and very see through matching pink panties."

"The outfit isn't the only pink I see when you wear that outfit you cock teasing
bitch.  You know I can see right up past your pussy lips and you are usually wet
when you make that choice."  This time I controlled myself a bit better but the
result was still a thin red line across the other cheek.

"At least I made group B." She said between pants after howling into the pillow
again.  She was quiet for a bit and then she turned her head toward me and
stared into my eyes.  "Red flannel shirt and ladies jockey-short full brief
panties."

My jaw dropped.  I dropped the crop.  All I could manage was a wheezed "Anne!"

"Well, I never actually wore that, but I could have.  Look, this is once only
and like I said I'm going all the way.  You got the balls boy?"

I reached down to pick up the crop.  When I stood back up I watched as Anne
planted her face in the pillow, She spread her legs even wider and separated her
hands from behind her head.  She stretched further through the arms of the chair
and before interlacing her fingers again she shot me the bird with both hands. 
Her whole body was pulled tight and ready.

I just couldn't do it.  I hit her hard, but I knew nowhere hard enough to draw
blood.  I hit her square though.  It was a good hit across both cheeks.  It was
good enough.  Even with the pillow I was afraid the scream would wake the
neighbors.  The scream went to a wail and then sobs and crying.  Eventually she
fell to her knees behind the chair.  I helped he up and onto the bed.  As she
moved away from the desk she reached over and grabbed the note still folded
there.  I carefully put the panties over the legs and as carefully as possible
over her whipped ass.  I helped her lay on her side on the right side of the bed
as I went around to the other and slipped in beside her.

In the near darkness and between sobs she handed me the note and said "Read it
to me."

I didn't need the light to read the note.  It wasn't a list I had to remember. 
I read the note from memory.  "Anne, it doesn't matter what you say.  Everything
will be in group A.  I can't hurt you, I don't want to, and that is not what
tonight was about.  I wouldn't do this but you forced it.  I hope I don't fail
to give you want you truly want."

She put her arm over me and between sobs whispered "You're the most man and one
of the best lovers I've ever known.  To bad it's just a one time thing."  Her
words rang of open honesty.  I fell asleep listening to the sobs quiet to deep
breathing and sleep.

To be continued.




Getting Her Gloves Back
Part VI

I woke up early the next morning.  Actually, considering how early I got up for
work during the week, 6:30 was actually sleeping in.  I lay beside the still
sleeping Anne and enjoyed the warmth for a just a moment.  Then I reminded
myself it was time to get going, there was much to do and not much time before
the noon deadline.  I got out of bed without waking the sleeping beauty.

There were a couple of things I wanted to do without her seeing me.  First and
most importantly the paddle.  I wasn't sure how yet, but an idea had started
forming since I woke.  Just in case I got away with it I needed to be ready.  I
found the bag I was looking for and set that part of the trap.  I then cleaned
up the room putting away the toys from last night.  This was going to be a fresh
start.  I had a completely different theme in mind.

I was going to move to her room and set out a costume for the day but then
thought better of it.  She would certainly go in there when waking, and that
would ruin the surprise.  There was nothing left to do but wake her and start
the day.  I sat on the bed and caressed her shoulder as I called.

She half woke and pleaded "Oh please, just a bit more.  I'm not a morning
person.  Please let me sleep a bit."

I smiled and replied "Wish I could little one, but we have a lot to do before
noon.  We can't wait, it has to be done."

A spark in her eye told me she caught the meaning and remembered the noon
deadline.   "Oh please!" She countered. "Tell you what, give me until 9:00 and
we'll forget the noon ending.  We can go a little later to ....... finish."

"Until when?" I asked.

She paused a bit trying to think in her slumber.  "Ok, how about until just
before my son comes home, that will give you most of the day."

It only took me a second to figure that out.  I traded a couple of hours this
morning for all afternoon.  Her son wasn't due until after dinner and that made
my earlier ideas totally within the realm of possibility.  I only she knew what
she had just given me.  I tried my best to hide my excitement and conceded "Oh
well, I guess so.  Last night was so special you deserve a little something. 
But up at 9:00, no argument ok!"

She mumbled her agreement and rolled over to go back to sleep.  I took the
opportunity to make a small pot of coffee and clean up the house a bit.  I even
spent time in her room picking up clothes that had been dropped in her hurry
yesterday.  I then hit the computer and logged into the internet.  I needed to
check the business hours of a few special stores.  I was in luck.  My plan began
to solidify.  I was just thinking of having a shower when the phone rang.

I had my own private line in my room but this was her phone ringing.  I ran to
get it, that was not unusual, I usually answered her phone and took messages
when she was away or occupied.  It was her son.

"Hi guy!  How's it going?" I queried.

"Great, I'm having ball!  We've got big plans for the day.  Can I talk to my
mom?" He asked.

"I've got big plans too!" I though to myself with a snicker.  I answered "She's
still asleep, I think she had a big night last night, can it wait?"

"Yeah, her and that dumb boyfriend, but I need to talk to her now, they're
leaving soon, please!"  His voice had the urgency only a nine year old can have
this early in the morning.

I took the cordless and made a show of knocking on my own door.  "Anne, you
awake?  Are you decent.?"  I got a mumbled reply as I went to the bed.  I held
out the phone and told her it was her son.  She glanced at my bedside clock as
she took the phone.  It was 8:45.

I only heard one side of the conversation but it was obvious that her son was
asking for something special.  There were lots of questions like "are you sure
it's alright with them?", "What about money?", "How long and what about
dinner?".  I could tell he was wearing her down.  He was winning.  Finally, Anne
conceded but wanted to talk to the other parents.  There was talk of driving and
paying back monies spent, etc.  Soon it was all over and Anne handed me the
phone back.

"They are all going to a theme park all day.  They plan on staying for the
fireworks tonight.  He's staying overnight again and they'll take him to school
in the morning."  She seemed a bit concerned but I saw her relax after she
thought about it for a bit.  She started to get out of the bed.  My mind was
racing.

"Oh it's okay, why not lazy back for a bit.  No need now for a 9:00 wake up. 
Knowing you, you'll be back asleep in a minute.  I'll wake you about 10:00,
sound good?"  I asked, not hiding my grin.

"But what about..." Her voice trailed off as she began to grasp what had just
happened.

I couldn't resist a little dig.  "Good trade I figure, you get an extra hour of
sleep, I get an extra day of play.  You did say if I let you sleep I could have
and I quote - until just before my son comes home."

Her eyes widened in shock and surprise "Oh you bastard, that's not what I
meant!"

"Careful now dear, we can always start counting again.  Now get some sleep, you
are going to need it."  I walked out of the room and closed the door.  I heard a
whispered obscenity behind me that I chose to ignore.  I did check back 10
minutes later and she was fast asleep.  She was definitely not a morning person.

I spent the time planning out a much more involved day.  I made a quick check of
Anne's closet to confirm one of my suspicions.  I was right, she had a lot of
dark clothes.  In fact, mostly dark clothes and therefore she was missing a
critical item we needed for today, perfect.  I left everything as it was and
noted it was time to start our playday.

I made a cup of hot cocoa for Anne and nudged her awake gently.  "Come on sleepy
head, time for the inevitable."  She stirred and rolled over to open her eyes. 
The smell of the hot cocoa brought an instant smile.  "You okay with the latest
developments?" I asked.

She sat up and took the cup from my hand.  She took a sip and I could tell she
was formulating her answer.  I also noticed her nipples getting hard under the
see through neglige.  I could only imagine what she was thinking about.  It
wasn't pure thoughts, I did know that.

"Well, not really.  I think I've already gone far beyond what I thought we'd do. 
I know we have to do the paddle thing, but I'm not sure about much more than
that."  The sleepiness was out of her eyes instantly, and they twinkled
mischiefly  as she said this.

"They don't seem to share the same opinion." I said looking directly at her hard
rock nipples.

She didn't even look down, she knew what was going on. "Oh damn you, can't you
at least let me pretend to say no."

"You'd better change your tone young lady!  That was your last freebie.  From
now one we pick up the count at thirty.  Now get up, I want to see the results
of last night."  That was the second time I used that name in addressing her.  I
wondered how long it would take before she caught on.  I saw no indication yet. 
With a sigh she flipped back the covers and stood up beside the bed.

With the sheer see-through nature of her baby dolls she really didn't need to
pull the panties down, but I didn't complain when she did.  She turned slightly
and pushed her butt out so we could both see.  I was a bit surprised.  There was
no sign of the second mark at all.  There was a hint of pink where the first
stroke had hit the one cheek.  Even the last stoke that dropped her to the floor
was a simple light red, almost pink line across both cheeks.  I was so relieved. 
I touched it gently and she didn't even flinch.

She spoke quietly. "Don't worry, I asked for it and you gave me exactly what I
wanted.  I thought I wanted something harder, something to leave a mark for a
few days.  You know a war medal sort of.  Now I'm glad I didn't get it."  She
smiled and touched her own butt gently and added "Now of coarse you know I have
to get even!"

Without hesitation I replied.  "You can forget that young lady.  Not today for
sure and not likely in this lifetime.  Now this my last offer for a bit of
pampering before we get down to business.  Would you like a bath before we
start?"

"That would be very nice, thank you sir."  Still no response to my juvenile
reference.

"You have half an hour so better get that cute little girl butt of yours wet
fast."  This time I noted she picked up on the little girl.  A raised finger at
shifted to point at the bath stopped the forming question.

Just as I had suspected she stopped by her room to undress and hang up her baby
doll before the bath.  On her way out she thanked me for picking up for her. 
Good thing I hadn't laid out her clothes before that.  I heard her run the bath
and get in as I topped up her hot cocoa.  I brought it to her in the tub and
noticed she had drawn a very hot bath.  Wordlessly, I searched the cabinets and
found a selection of scented bath beads.  Pink-lavender scent, perfect.  I got
raised eyebrows as a dropped a couple in the tub, but I left before she could
ask.

It was time to set out her outfit for the day.  I scoured her closet.  I knew it
was there.  I had seen it on previous "scouting" trips.  I'd even tried it on
once.  Too tight and definitely too short.  It had to be something left over
from her school days.  After a bit I finally found it.  Covered over by other
skirts.  She obviously had no intention of wearing it again, but then again she
hadn't thrown it out either.  I found a nice semi-sheer blouse and laid it out
on the bed.  I took the time to open the buttons and tie the front of the blouse
in a loose knot.

In her panty drawer I had trouble finding an appropriate pair.  Everything she
had was G-string, see-though or heavily patterned.  Finally I found one pair
that was close to what I had in mind.  One more item, I found just the right
pair of thigh highs.  I laid them with the outfit on the bed.  It all looked
good, even just lying there.  No question she'd figure out when she saw this, I
chuckled to myself as I left the room.

She saw me coming out of her room as she stepped out of the bath and began to
towel off.  I avoided her questioning eyes as I drained the tub and dropped my
robe and got in to have a shower.  I noticed that the hot bath had removed even
the last hints of last night cropping.  I was very glad for that.  She looked
too and smiled.  "Your outfit for tody is laid out for you.  I'd also appreciate
some appropriate makeup and maybe style your hair accordingly.  You have one
half hour."  I closed the sliding door again cutting off the forming question.

I waited just a bit before turning on the shower.  I wasn't disappointed.  "YOU
PERVERT" she screamed from her room.  "You've got to be kidding!" Through the
shower door I saw her enter the bathroom holding the skirt.

"You only have half and hour.  Make it look good our I'll add five for
insolence.  Besides that's the perfect outfit to count to thirty in."  I turned
on the shower drowning out any reply she may of had.  I chuckled through my
entire shower.  Her bedroom door was closed when I came out and I went to my own
room to dress.  Today I was more casual in a pair of dockers and polo shirt.  I
went to refill my coffee and at exactly the half hour mark Anne bedroom door
opened.

It wasn't Anne that came out.  The young lady that came out of that room no-one
had seen since high school back in Wyoming.  Even back then I don't think she'd
have had the nerve to look like this.  I was very impressed.  She had done an
amazing job.  I cock jumped to attention and damn near shot its load right there
and then.  She say the bulge grow and blushed and did a slow turn.  From top to
bottom it was incredible.

Her hair was pulled back into a loose pony tail.  It was held in place by a pint
scrunchy and featured a crisp pink bow.  Her face belied its real age and
radiated behind rose blush and heavy pink lipstick.  Her eyes done in a youthful
blue and big fat heavy mascara on the lashes.  She turned full circle and batted
her eyes at me to accentuate the look.  She'd taken the hint on the blouse and
it was only buttoned once and then knotted above the belly button to show a lot
of smooth tummy.  She'd added a bra but it helped the look.  Again she chose a
demi-bra that lifted and presented her ample breasts and served to accentuate
the cleavage.  I could tell she'd even added some blush or something to her
nipples so that they were very visible through the top.  Silly girl didn't know
what I had planned yet.

The skirt was the killer.  Very short, pleated Scottish red plaid that didn't
even cover her panty.  She'd changed that too.  As she turned around I noticed
she switched from the slightly more sensible panties I'd found to a lacy
Victoria Secret G-string.  Another hint that she though we were staying home
today.  The hose was perfect.  White seamed stay-up thigh highs with an ornate
pattern at the top of each leg.  Then came the flaw.  She tried, but I had
planned on failure and she didn't disappoint.  She just didn't have anything to
work with.

She noted me looking at her beige 3" sling back heels and spoke.  "I'm sorry
sir.  I know you like heels, but I just don't have anything more appropriate. 
Anything higher is black or dark brown and looks horrid"

I smiled at her put on little girl voice and especially the last word.  It was
just so juvenile.  I looked her in the eye and as I nodded approval I spoke
"Very nice Annie, I even like the bra.  That's okay, but why the panties?"

She giggled at me calling her Annie and then replied "Well, obviously we can't
go out with me looking like this so I thought you'd like a little more cheek for
your paddle.  I figured that would make up for the bra.  I'm glad you like it. 
My nipples are still sore and I need the support.  I touched them up a bit and
hoped you'd understand."  She added "Sir" quickly before I could say a word.

"Call me mister today....all day.  I think that would be more appropriate. 
Besides that's close enough to master for me.  You were right about the bra, but
wrong about the panties.  I prefer the little girl look.  Change back and try a
pair of simple runners, I'll concede on the heels." 

She giggled again and turned to do as asked. I got a great view of an only half
covered butt and I enjoyed the sway of the skirt as she walked into the room.  I
made my way to the front of the house to enjoy her second entry.  Only a minute
later she came skipping down the hall into the living room.  Her pony tail
flipping up and down and she ended in a quick spin that flared her skirt showing
off only slightly more significant sheer panties over a flawless bottom and
obviously shaved pubes.  She stood before me almost bouncing in her canvas
runners and giggled "A regular sweet sixteen to count for you today mister."

"Nothing sweet sixteen about that." I replied looking at the crotch of her
panties.  The skirt was just too short.  "More like a fuckable fifteen if you
ask me!"  That last remark got a wonderfully played little girl pout and a
whispered "pervert" that I chose to ignore.  "Those still aren't the panties I
had picked out."

She spun around and bending over slightly displayed that gorgeous rump to me
again.  "I thought you'd like the best of both worlds.  These look good for
dress up and ....." She reached back and with those incredible long sexy painted
nails tucked the pack of her panties into the crack of her ass. The elastic
fought slightly but that only served to lift and separate the cheeks into two
perfect orbs.  My cock leaped to attention as she added "and play."

My cock and balls were screaming at me "Take her now, take her hard.  Please,
please I got to go now....."  I quieted those voices and spoke my own.  "Fair
enough, just remember it was your choice.   You were right about one thing.  I
do prefer heels, even in that outfit."  With than I reached into her purse lying
on the table beside us and took out her billfold.  Before she could say anything
I opened it and extracted her driver's license.  I held the card up to her and
remarked.  "Yea right, like anybody is going to be fooled by this fake ID.  You
really think you could even consider getting into an R movie with this.  And
booze, forget it girl, not a chance."  Still not cluing in she played along.

"Well, it was worth a try.  I'm sorry mister.  Is that why I have to be punished
like this?"  She was looking around.  It took a minute but I figured it out she
was looking for the paddle.  It was time for the shocker.

"I don't suppose you have a purse to match that outfit so I'll take this for
you."  With that I stood and pocketed the card.  I grabbed my car keys and made
for the front door.

"Holly shit, where are you going?" She was close to fainting.  Just like these
little girls.

"We," I accentuated "are going shoe shopping.  You need a good pair of 4" heels
for that outfit.  Besides what fifteen year old would turn down a trip to the
mall?"  I stood holding the front door.

She stood looking at her reflection in the hallway mirror.  "But, but .....
We'll be arrested!  Me for indecent exposure and you for ...."

"Contributing to the delinquency of a minor." I finished.  "Let me worry about
that and get moving before I start counting!"

Her skip was gone as she made her way to the car.  I helped her into the car and
got a great view of scantily covered pussy as she tried to get in decently.  The
skirt was just too short.

We drove in silence for a few minutes and then I heard a sigh that let me know
she had resolved herself to her fate.  I took a chance and gave her an out. 
"Care to call a color?"

"I'm thinking about it, just leave me be a bit okay?"  We drove in silence a bit
more.  I made my way south.  Pretty soon a couple of turns made it obvious we
were going back to the mall we had been sat the day before.  "Thank god for
that, at least you are not spreading it all over town.  I'm okay I guess."

"I have to ask," I began carefully.  "Did you ever actually wear that to
school?"

"Only once, and that didn't work out so well."  She left it hanging.

I prodded some more "Did Mr. Murphy not approve?"

"It wasn't him."  The with a sign she told her story. "It was spring and the
first hot school day.  I was a bit shorter then but not much so the skirt was
still .... well you know.  It was hot, so was I.  I guess I got a little carried
away.  I had Ms. Ferguson for history in the morning.  I didn't mean anything. 
I mean I never suspected.  None of us did.  But during the class I noticed she
kept looking at me.  Not just looking, you know, looking!  Anyway, I noticed and
well maybe it wasn't such a good idea I played with her.  I uncrossed my legs
and..... well from her angle.  And maybe my legs opened a bit.  She didn't
handle it very well.  The whole class say her nipples get hard.  He even
stammered once.  I was getting a bit excited and I think that effected my
judgment.  Then I let myself slide down in my seat and that pulled my panties
tight against my mound.  Actually, I think it pulled them a bit too much ... I
think they slipped in a bit and she saw ..... well a lot more than I intended. 
That's when she dropped the chalk.  That woke me up from my daydream and I
noticed the whole class looking back and forth at the two of us.  I was
mortified.  Ms. Ferguson was lost.  She was beet red and panting.  Everyone
started to laugh.  Just then the bell rang.

By lunch the whole class knew Ms. Ferguson was gay.  There were talk all around
school about us being lovers.  That didn't last long because everyone knew I
liked teasing the boys.  I even did it more after that just get myself off the
hook.  Ms Ferguson wasn't so lucky.  I guess the rest of the school years was a
nightmare for her.  She left the last day of school and never came back..  Now
that I think of it, there was a rumor that she moved to San Francisco. But I
figured that was just kids guessing because she was gay and all."

"Wow!" I exclaimed "You sure were hard on your teachers!  I'll have to remember
Ms Ferguson when we start counting."  That remark got me a silent glare but then
Anne fell deep in thought, obviously thinking of the past.  We drove on for
another fifteen twenty minutes.

It was time for a bit of misdirection.  My plans required some cooperation at
the mall and I needed bait.  "Let me entice you a bit.  Here's the deal.  I plan
a quick trip to the mall.  Only two stops.  If you play along and all goes well
it will definitely reduce the number of swats I'll give you.  You have to admit
thirty is a big number, remember the club?"  It wasn't a lie.  She just didn't
think to figure out the implications of what I said, or how I said it.

"Yes," she nodded "I've been worried about that.  That third whip last night
taught me the difference between fantasy and reality.  I'll do what you ask to
reduce from thirty ..... Mister."  The last part of her reply was in a
wonderfully crafted little girls pout voice.  My cock started talking to me
again.

I managed to get to the mall without stopping and raping her in the car.  It
wasn't easy but I made it.  She noted the lump in my pants and decided to have
her own fun.  She really turned on the teeny girl thing.  She gabbed on about
this boy that and this boy this.  She talked about some of the other girls at
school and how they were so bitchy.  The whole time she kept flashing me those
panties and batting her eyes at me.  One time she even began running her long
nails up the in-seam of my pants.  I had to lift her hand away before I drove
off the road, came in my pants or both.

I parked on the second floor of the parking structure very near one of the main
door.  She looked at me, took a deep breath and blowing it out slowly whispered
"Well, here goes, just protect me please.  There's vultures in places like this
just waiting for little girls like me to feed on."  That remark told me the game
was on.

She took my hand as we walked to the mall entrance.  "I'd like the skip back" I
said without looking.  Not a word and she began to skip along beside me.  The
pony tail bobbed up and down.  The skirt kept time.  Half a butt, full butt,
half a butt, full butt.  The skirt was just too short.  My cock threatened
eruption.

I didn't know this mall well so we had to look around a bit.  Sometimes Anne
(Annie for today) skipped along beside me other times she walked.  After a bit I
figured it out. She stopped skipping whenever we approached someone.  That way
she was half way decent, barely halfway, but still better.  At one end of the
mall we were about to turn around the walk the opposite wall when I noticed a
group of young teens, both male and female coming towards us.  I squeezed Anne
hand a bit.  "Time to skip some more Annie" I was immediately rewarded with a
full salvo of eye darts.  She'd been saving up since last night.  These ones
almost hurt.  And she started to skip.

It was perfect.  We both saw the look of shock, lust, and raging hormones in the
boys as Annie's scantily covered pussy flashed into view.  The girls also
registered shock and immediately burst into giggles at the sight before them. 
Then Anne and I turned and she offered half / full / half / full butt show as we
retreated back down the mall.  I could feel the heat radiating from Annie's
blush as I let her speed up a bit to get away.  Then I heard he whisper loud
enough that I was meant to hear.  "I am going to kill you."  I love it when a
plan comes together!

"I guess the whole school is going to hear about that tomorrow.  Do you think
Ms. Ferguson will be upset she missed it?"  That got total silence but a very
hard squeeze of my hand.

We cam up on a shoe store and Ii stopped to look in.  "No, not right." I though
to myself, and turned to walk along further.  Annie looked at me questioningly
but I ignored it.  A few door down I hit pay dirt.  Even the front window
featured lots of strappy looking high heels.  Better yet a college aged kid was
working the front of the store.  I turned to enter.  Annie noticed the young lad
and whispered "Oh, you bastard, that's not fair to either of us."  She meant the
college kid not me.  Annie was catching on.

I let go of Annie's hand and the kid approached trying desperately to roll his
tongue back into his mouth.  He couldn't decide weather to stare at her big tits
with makeup enhanced nipples or her obviously shaved pussy not well concealed
behind the thin fabric of her panties.  Annie was regretting that choice by now
for sure!  He tried to talk but it was too much for him.  He just stood there
and stammered.  Finally Annie spoke up "Something in white, very high heel, at
least four inches please."

"Sssssize" our poor victim finally managed.

"You'll have to measure." I interrupted Annie as she began to speak.  That got
me the death look.  I just pointed at a chair and Annie humphed as she sat.  The
poor guy almost fell over himself getting one of those little stools shoe stores
have to help the service people fit shoes.  He also got one of those metal
measuring sticks.  H e couldn't help himself as he sat in front of her he was
rewarded with a great view of her crotch.  I could tell he was getting hard
already.  The skirt was just too short.

Annie did a good job of keeping her legs together as she extended one to the kid
and he unlaced the runner.  He then had a bit of trouble measuring her size. 
It's hard to read those little numbers when your staring at a woman's tits. 
Finally he got a size and disappeared into the back room.  As he turned to leave
we both couldn't help but notice an erection that was trying to burst through
his zipper from the inside.  Annie blushed.  We all saw that.  I love it when a
plan comes together.

While he was in the back room I found another of those little stools and set it
in front of Annie.  A little to one side and a bit further away from her chair. 
Her eyebrows shot up when she saw me move the first stool a little wide out and
a bit further from her chair.  A raised finger closed her mouth before she
spoke.  "When he comes back I want you to show me how that thing with the chair
works."  Her look was obvious confusion.  I continued.  "You know in history
class when you slide down and your panties ...."  Her eyes bugged out so much I
thought they'd pop.  Just then he came back carrying a bunch of boxes.

He put the boxes down between the two stools.   Annie and I both noticed he'd
taken the time to rearrange himself for comfort.  Now his obviously blood
engorged cock was hanging down his left pant leg.  You could even see the ridge
at the base of the head through his tight jeans.  Annie was staring at that and
he noticed as he bent over to put the stool back as he had placed it before. 
"Leave it there, I thought I'd help, it will be easier that way."  He shrugged
and pulled a pair of shoes out of the box.

They were perfect.  The same as the ones in the window.  Strappy with low open
toes and a very high thin heel. There was even an extra set of straps above the
ankle that hinted at a BD theme.  It was love at first sight.  Annie noted my
pleasure and nodded also.  I reached into the box and took out the other shoe. 
As luck would have it I had the left foot and sat on the stool to Anne's left. 
He followed my lead and sat on the stool to her right.  We both were just a
little too far away.  He reached down to adjust his stool but I coughed loudly
and got his attention.  Looking her in the eye it only took one word. "Annie."

She never took her eyes off mine.  She had to slide quite a bit down the chair
and extend her legs apart to reach us both.  She kept her butt firm to the chair
and the panties pulled tight.  So tight I thought they'd rip.  As she opened her
legs more to reach our respective stools there was nowhere else for the panties
to go.  The almost snapped past the outer lips of her pussy.  Slick from recent
shaving and the oil in the bath beads the thin panty material slipped to a
skinny little strip that dug deep into her inner pussy and only just covered her
clit.  The impact of the fabric and squeeze of her clit caused Annie to moan. 
Her eyes tore away from mine and she looked over at the kid through glazed eyes.

She focused on him and I turned just in time to hear him utter "Oh my
god!!!!!!!!!" Anne and I both saw as his already hard cock pulsed in his pants
and we watched at he dumped a large load of cum down his pant leg.  He couldn't
take his eyes off her crotch as his cock continued to pump a good load of cum
and the stain grew at the top of his pant leg.  I really don't think he cared.

"I'm so sorry,"  Annie said in a genuine tone.  She still managed to keep the
little girl edge to her voice.

"Oh don't be Annie" He replied still panting and recovering.  "That's been a
dream of mine since I stared working at this place.  I'll never forget you as
long as I live."

"I hope not."  She said with a wink, and turning to me added "I guess that means
we'll take them."

I barely heard those last words.  She was still sitting there like that.  You
could actually see the little bump where her clit was.  All that pink and the
smooth shaved crotch.  The whole outfit.  I was having my own trouble.

"He'll never make it." I heard Annie say to the kid.  "Can I borrow your back
room."

"Sure, I'll box this up for you.  Take your time."  Came the reply.

"Oh he won't last long, I'm getting good at this.  And box the runners, I'll
wear the heels."  With that she took me by the hand into the back room. 
Stopping just inside the entrance she turned me sideways so the kid could see me
from the front desk.  Just inside the curtain we were hidden from the front door
but not the rest of the shop.  With no ceremony she dropped to her knees and
used her teeth to pull down my fly.  "Damn nails, almost impossible to do
anything with."  The nails were very useful as she damn near ripped my silk
boxers down.  She then grabbed my balls and squeezing them firmly in those sharp
nails she popped her mouth over my already pulsing cock.

It was my turn.  "Oh my god!!!!" I wheezed none to quietly and she bobbed up and
down on my shaft.  I didn't last 30 seconds.  It felt like it was coming from my
toes as she swallowed it all and licked me clean as I slowly came back down to
earth.  She stood and walked out of the back room as I zipped myself back up.

As I stepped out of the back room I found her bent over giving the kid a show as
she buckled the straps on her new shoes.  "That's the problem with older men, no
staying power." She said in that little girl voice.

I made my way to the front desk as Annie approached.  "How much for the shoes?"
I asked.

"If you don't get out of my store right now I'll call security and have you
arrested for assault and causing this mess." He said looking down at the large
wet stain on his pant leg.  "That was my own fantasy come true and those shoes
were due to be removed anyway.  Seems no decent woman would buy them..  Thank
god you came along.  Now leave."

"Heh, thanks a lot but .." I started and a raised hand and a pointed finger told
me he was serious.  I was getting a dose of my own medicine.  Anne and I made
out way to the front door.  She stopped and making sure noone way looking
straitened up her panties before making for the door.  Just as we got to the
door I say that a group of teenage boys sitting by a fountain at the base of a
big escalator that went up two floors.  "Hold it Annie, I have an idea."

To be continued.

PS: I'd really like to know if anyone is enjoying this story line.  As this one
comes to a close I'm considering a few other stories.  All are routed in this
and previous stories like "THE MALL" I'm open to any comments or criticisms.  If
you'd like to read a scene with one of my characters let me know and if it fits,
I'll use it.

Regards,

Ellie




Getting Her Gloves Back
Part VII

Anne stopped and out of the corner of my eye I saw her turn to first look at me
and then follow my gaze to the group of teen males loitering around the fountain
in the mall.  "Oh, oh" I heard her whisper.  I smiled.  She was getting to know
me.  For her benefit I allowed my smile to broaden into a wide grin.  "Why am I
suddenly nervous?" I heard her ask herself.

I spoke casually to not attract any attention.  "Annie, I want you take the
escalator all the way up to the third floor.  Before the mid-point, about a
quarter of the way up I want you to repeat that little trick you showed me back
at the house with the back of your panties." That brought a gasp, but I wanted
be to absolutely sure she understood.  "Not too quick this time, take your time
and use those long nails to really tuck the material into that tight crack back
there.  Make sure that the boys get a really good show from behind you on the
stairs.  Oh, and give one of your cheeks a real tight squeeze and scrape those
nails all the way up.  I want to see at least four well defined stripes up your
butt when I check later at the top of the stairs.  If they are not there, I'll
put them there later with the crop at home.  Is that understood."

I turned to look at her and saw Annie's eyes wide in shock and fright. 
"Yyyyyeess sir, but how do you know they'll follow me onto the stairs?"

"Are you kidding?" I chucked. "They way you are about to walk over there, your
heels clicking loudly on the marble floor.  Your boobs bouncing and giggling
trying to flip out of that too little bra you chose to wear today.  Your skirt
flipping side to side as your exaggerated wiggle exposing all your charms to
their hungry eyes.  I'll be astonished if you won't have to step on their
tongues to get on the escalator.  Besides, if they don't follow you onto the
stairs there will be no need for you to do that thing with your nails and I'll
have to but a complete set of stripes on both cheeks for you at home later. 
Understood?"

Annie was staring at the boys who still hadn't noticed us and was nodding very
slowly.  "Here," I extended my hand and gave her my car keys.  She glanced down
at the keys in her hand and then looked back at me inquisitively.  "Something
for you to drop near the top.  You do remember how to pick them up don't you." 
She did a very good impersonation of a deer caught in a car's headlights at
night.

"Oh my god ........ what if they...." her voice showed an obvious strain and a
bit of fear.

"Don't worry, I'll be right behind them on the stairs.  I doubt they'll notice
me, I expect they'll be too occupied elsewhere.  I want to you take seat on the
bench at the top of the stairs and I'll make sure they keep moving past you
then."  I put a strong emphasis on the last part to show her I could mean
business and would deal with whatever mischief the boys may consider.

"Well .......  I still don't know ....." Anne was hesitating, it was a pretty
heavy scene.

"Annie, what color is your skirt?"  I asked.  It was like someone pulled a plug. 
Her eyes softened and her face almost fell into a soft pose.

Looking down at micro-mini kilt around her waist, she replied "It has suddenly
become very yellow, sir."

"Okay," I offered. "Let me give you a choice.  You can either put on the stripes
on one cheek as I described, or if you'd rather I'll put them on both cheeks for
you later."

"Oh geeeee thanks.  Some choice!" Her voice was quite sarcastic, but I let that
go.  She continued.  "I learned now much that hurts last night.  Like that's
really a choice at all.  I guess I'll have to cause some more laundry stains." 
She didn't even look back towards me as she pulled her blouse down tight, stood
up straight throwing her shoulders back to accentuate her boobs and stepped
proudly out of the shoe store.

In two steps she had their undivided attention.  Her heels clicked loudly on the
marble and it was like someone rang the feeding bell at the shark tank.  I
couldn't blame them.  It was like a scene out of grade A porn movie.  The skirt
was flipping from side to side showing everything.  Her ponytail was bobbing in
a sort of adolescent wave.  Everything was wiggling and giggling like only a
woman like that can do.  My cock sprang to attention so fast it almost hurt. 
And I was only seeing the back end.  I could only imagine what it was like from
the front.  Thrust out like that, her tits must have been putting on quite a
show for those boys.

I was right on all counts.  She did have to step over their tongues to get on
the escalator.  At least that's what it looked like and she gave them and
exaggerated bump with her hip as she strutted by.  They almost knocked each
other down fighting to get on the rising stairs behind her.  They certainly
didn't notice me immediately behind them as they stared at her ass that was
fully exposed under the skirt just above their eye level.

Annie didn't disappoint me or herself.  Part way up the long rise she looked
back over her shoulder and seemed to be looking at the boys.  What they didn't
realize she was boring a visual hole directly my eyes.  Her left hand came round
and very seductively her palm raise the back of her skirt and she used those
incredibly long nails to slowly tuck the back of her panties into the crack of
her ass.  The boys gasped and jeered but I was surprised that those comments and
a low whistle were all very quiet.  I guessed they were just in shock.  That
didn't last.

Annie let her hand slip down to the base of her left cheek and starting at the
crease at the very top of her leg she dug her nails in hard.  Now I gasped.  It
was harder and firmer than I had requested or expected.  She very slowly drew
her nails back up her backside leaving four very red angry lines up her cheek. 
The boys lost it.  (I almost did too).  They were a bit louder this time with
cat calls, jeering, and I head more than one whimper.  Anne's eyes left mine and
I saw her look directly at the boys and wink.  She was playing for keeps.

As we crossed the half way point at the second floor I noticed a middle aged
couple coming down an adjacent escalator that crossed at that point.  It was
only natural that the man's head turned up to watch Annie's butt going up above
him. His wife's head turned up too but it had a look of disgust that I noted and
enjoyed.  I wondered if Annie had noticed them.

It was just then that she chose to drop the keys.  With a loud "Oops!", loud
enough for all to hear she bent over at the waist to pick them up.  That's when
we all got a bit surprise!  I didn't notice her doing it but she must have
tucked the front of her panties off to one side of her pussy.  When she bent
over the panties disappeared from view and we all got an eyeful of hot, wet,
pink, wide open snatch.  Even the clit was fully exposed and glistened in its
wetness.  To add to all of our discomfort, Annie brushed the keys and knocked
them down one more step so that they rested between her two high heel shoes. 
With amazing agility she bent over almost double and with her head between her
legs looked directly at the boys and licked her lips.

That was it.  I hear a explicative from both the wife and husband on the other
escalator and the boys were now jeering and whistling aloud.  I had to raise a
hand and point out to Annie that she was at the top of the stairs.  That got a
pout as she grabbed they keys and very calmly walked off the right to sit on the
bench.  I readied myself for what I guessed might happen next.  I was very
surprised when all three boys almost ran past Annie and without a word turned
and exited the mall.

I sat beside Annie and looking after the boys sighed "I wonder what gives?"

"I won!" came a very snide and crisp reply.  I turned back to Annie and raised
an eyebrow.  "I forgot how easy little boys are!  You men are all the same.  The
first one cam in his pants when I stuck my nails in my butt.  The second one
followed before I got to the top of the cheek  with my nails.  The last guy was
a little tougher, and bigger.  I guess you couldn't see but his erection grew
right to the top of those stupid low slung jeans he was wearing.  Another half
and inch and I'm sure I would have seen purple.  She was very hard, obviously
excited, but trying to be cool.  He didn't survive the keys.  When I licked my
lips he shot all over himself.  I saw the wet stain grow under his T-shirt all
over his chest and abs.  It was like a wet T-shirt contest.  One spurt even got
out and he has cum dripping on the front of his shirt.  God he came hard, and
lots!  It looked like a quart!  They won't want anybody to see them now.  Wonder
what mommy is going to think?"  Annie was giggling and obviously very proud of
herself.  It was time to regain control.

"Yes, but did you see the other couple on the stairs?"  That knocked her down
and the suddenly wide eyes told me she was unaware.  "Based on what they said
about your little show we better not hang around here too long.  Mall security
may not approve of your "slut on parade" routine."  That got a very exaggerated
pout, but the look in her eyes told me she was a little scared too.

"Okay" I continued "One more stop and we are out of here."  Noone was around so
I just reached down and raised the front of the skimpy mini.  She had rearranged
her panties which still didn't do much to hide her shaved crotch.  And she had
her own wet garment contest going on.  "Annie!" I exclaimed in mock shock. 
"That's disgusting!  I can't let you sit in my car like that.  You'll leave a
wet spot on the upholstery.  Now get down to Victoria's Secret and pick out a
nice replacement.  Something very lacy, sheer, and showy.  I have something to
do, so you head on down there alone.  Take your time look around check out
several items.  Especially those on hooks high on the wall.  I want lots of
reaching up high and stretching those wonderful legs.  I want every eye watching
your every move when I get there.  Oh and meet me at the front of the store with
your favorite picks.  Take a couple, my treat."

Annie brushed her skirt back down and looked around nervously.  She started to
speak but a raised hand with first one, then two and three fingers told her I
was ready to count.  She gave me a nice little girl pout, a simple "Yes Sir" and
started back towards the escalators.  She had to go down a flight and about half
way down the mall which would give me just enough time.  I punched the redial on
my cell and got the number I had set up before.  I was in luck, the manager
answered.

"Hello, I don't have much time, do you remember you special visitor from
yesterday?"  I hated to hurry but it had to be quick.

"Oh yes, I'll never forget her" came a lusty reply.

"Well she's coming back.  I need you to keep everyone away from her.  Offer no
help.  Just stand back and enjoy the show.  If all goes well you will be greatly
rewarded.  Are you game?"  I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Oh you have my full cooperation, this I got to see.  How will I recognize her?"

"I don't know how I'll work our little surprise, but I need you to play along. 
Just follow my lead and let me set it up okay?  And I figure if you look up
right about now you'll not need a description."  I waited.

"Oh my god.  Have you no shame?  That's positively ....  I've got to go and warn
my staff.  I'll follow your lead, bye."  With a click the phone was dead.

I was already walking towards my car.  I hurried a bit, recovered the bag and
walked very quickly to the Victoria's Secret store.  When I got there Annie was
in full parade mode.  She had everyone attention that's for sure.  I even got a
little show as she reached high on the wall to recover a skimpy panty / bra
combination only to look at it fleetingly and then reach back up to replace it. 
She turned and flashed me a smile confirming that last little act was for my
benefit.  Then as I hoped she almost scurried to the front of the store to meet
me.  She was carrying several items still on the hangers.  "Please, please" I
thought to myself.  I slowed down, just a little.  She was nearing the front of
the store.  The manager was watching us both.  It was going to happen.

I winked at the manager.  Annie saw it and a confused look crossed her face. 
She wasn't paying attention and she took one step too many.  The alarms went
off.  The anti theft tags on the items she held did their job for me.  The
manager snapped to attention and almost ran to the front of the store cutting
off several of her staff.  Anne stepped back into the store and the alarm
stopped.  Normally, this is no big deal.  I know it happens all the time, but
for Annie it was not good.  She just didn't know it yet.

"Sorry, guess I got too close." Annie said to the manager as she appeared beside
her.  I want Annie's face go to full blush as she recognized the woman from the
day before.  She actually stuttered something unintelligible as I stepped up
before them both.

"Annie!, not again, when will you ever learn!"  You could have knocked her over
with a puff of air.  Her face dropped and her eyes bulged in shock.

"But, but, I was ..... I was going to pay" Annie almost cried.  The manager
smiled as she caught on to my game.

"Oh, and how were you going to pay?" I asked.  The manager picked right up.

"I don't see a purse" she commented aloud "And god knows there's nowhere in that
skirt for a pocket.  We can all see that there's not even a credit card tucked
into the waist band of those skimpy panties young lady.  You've been doing a
good job of showing us all that since you walked in the place."

Annie's blush went from red to purple and she started to snivel.  I love it when
a plan comes together.

I turned to the manager and with as strait a face as I could manage spoke as if
Annie wasn't there.  "I'm very sorry about this.  I've been having a lot of
trouble with her lately.  You know how it is.  At this age these girls get so
.... impulsive.  I've being trying to keep her good, but I'm getting complains
from school and now this."  Annie's eyes bugged even more with that last
comment.  I could tell she was looking for a crack in the floor to disappear
into.  "I'm glad I picked this time to drop by.  We need to speak to the
manager."  Annie's eyes bulged even more, they were threatening to pop out.

Annie tried to get a word in "But, but, it's not my fault, you told...."

"You be quiet young lady, I'm trying to keep you from getting a police record or
worse yet, jail time."  Annie stood there mouth agape and was shaking just a
bit.

"That would be me." the manager spoke, not dropping even a hint that this was a
complete setup.

It was time to give Annie the bad news.  "Pleased to meet you.  I was just on my
way home after buying something to help me with just this little discipline
problem.  I decided to drop by and apologize for this young lady's behavior
yesterday."  I got two slightly confused looks and then the manager's face went
to a broad smile as she obviously remembers some fond memories from the day
before.  "It seems that Annie was here yesterday shopping and something
happened.  I'm not sure what, but when I saw her later in the day she was rather
vocal about it.  Actually she was very rude!  She said some very unpleasant and
rather insultive things.  Do you remember Annie?  How many bad things did we
count you saying yesterday?"

My stare demanded an answer.  Before she thought about it she whispered "Twelve"
then gasped when she realized what she had just admitted to.

"Well at least you've come to your senses and are ready to atone for your sins. 
Come to think of it I can't imagine a better punishment that one delivered by
the person you spoke so badly about."  I held up and opened the small black
paper bag I was holding.  Both girls looked in.  "Interested?" I asked.

Annie's response was priceless "Oh my god, you can't be serious!"

The manager chuckled aloud and replied with the expected "Oh yeah, I'm more than
interested!"

Annie's eyes did a dance.  They shot from me, to the manager, to the bag, back
to the manager who was grinning more and more and then finally back to focus on
the black leather paddle in the bag I was holding. Her eyes came slowly back to
mine and she said "Orange".

The manager looked at me inquisitively as I  took a second or two to figure it
out.  I spoke to the manager.  "It's a code we have.  Orange is more than yellow
but not quite red.  She's scared.  If she says red it's all over.  We all quit
and walk away.  That's my promise to her."

The manager reached into the bag and fingered the handle on the leather paddle. 
Not hiding her lust she said softly "Oh that would be too bad."

"Pink" called Annie.

The manager spoke directly to Annie.  "Oh come on.  I won't really hurt you.  It
would just be ..... well you know how I feel about you.  And I think you are
more than a little curious yourself.  So lets play just a little.  Twelve, no
more no less.  What do you say?"

"I am going to kill you, you do realize that don't you" That was Annie's answer
and promised retribution as she took the bag from my hand and turned to the
manager and added "Where?"

"Follow me young lady." Same the reply with an air of authority she marched
Annie into the back room.  A moment later a young college aged girl came out of
the back room carrying the black bag and the garments that had gotten Annie into
this trap.  She put them on the main counter and began whispering to her fellow
shopmates.  From her jesters and pointing into the back room I could tell that
Annie was now bent over a chair or desk in the back room and that the girl had
seen the paddle.

WHACK ..... "OOOOOWWWWWW" Every head in the place turned to the back room.

Whack ... "Damn lady that hurts....." Whack, whack, whack..   " OOOOWWWWWWW!"

"Janice, I need you" I heard the manager call.

All the girls giggled.  I noticed they were all blushing.  I also noticed my own
raging hard on getting ready to burst.  The girls behind pushed the same college
girl towards the back room.  With a "humph" she entered.

It was silent for a bit and then I heard a SLAP.  That was followed by "mmmmph"

A moment later Janice walked out of the room and looking around the room spotted
me and started over.  As she approached we all heard WHACK "mmmmmph", whack,
whack. "Mmmmph mmmmph"

I lost count as Janice spoke.  "She was being too loud"

"Gag?" I asked and then added "What?"

Janice held up her hand to me and I could see it was very moist.  "Her panties
were absolutely soaked!  She didn't like that at all.  I'm not sure what she
said as I pushed them deep in her mouth but I'm sure it wasn't nice.  I slapped
her hard.  I guess I have to tell you the count will now be thirteen.  My boss
figures she shouldn't be deprived just because Annie can't keep a civil tongue." 
And then with a sign she added "God that's hot!"

"Envious?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, you should see the scene back there.  What a turn on. Now I'm getting
wet too" She stopped suddenly as she realized what she had just admitted to a
total stranger.

"Oh don't worry I wont say anything.  Too bad the boss gets all the fun though."

"Who said I was envious of the boss!" Janice said with a wink as she turned and
walked back to the counter wiggling her very nice tight ass for my enjoyment. 
The day was full of surprises.

I noticed all had gotten quiet.  The manager reappeared at the door to the back
room and made no attempt to hide the paddle as she walked to the counter.  The
girls behind the counter gasped as she dropped the nasty looking tool into the
bag.  Several customers noticed too and were whispering.  The manager said
something to Janice and she took a G-string from the collection Annie had been
holding earlier and went back into the storage room.  A couple of minutes later
Annie appeared.  She was walking very slowly and was red faced from more than
just blushing this time.  Her eye makeup had suffered some tear damage.

"You okay?" I asked as first Annie and then the manager reached me.

"Oh yeah, it was just a little more than I was expecting.  I'll be alright in a
minute.  Can we leave now?"  Annie was still sniffling just a bit.

"Tell him!" the manager ordered.

"Please no!" Annie pleaded but this time it was the manager's stare that
demanded more.  Very softly, in a very low whisper Annie turned to me and
admitted "I cam on the tenth swat."

It was my turn to gasp as the manager held up a very moist finger and added
"With a little help."

Still whispering Annie continued "I cam very hard Sir.  That's why I'm having a
bit of trouble walking in these heels.  The spanking wasn't that bad.  I'm glad
it's over, but now I need to get home."

"Who said the spanking is over.  That was twelve, there's eighteen more" I
corrected her.

"But you said if all went well I would get less.  You did, I remember."  Annie
was getting jumpy again.

"That's not what I said." I said with a big smile.  "I said that if all went
well I'd not be giving you all thirty.  Isn't that more accurate."  Annie gave
me the drop jaw, wide eye, oh fuck he got me look again.

The manager signed "Damn I'd love to watch that."

My mind was racing.  "Annie, why don't you sit on the bench over there while I
pay for your selection and then we'll head straight home, promise."  Annie gave
me a wonderful pout that told me she didn't want to be left alone but then
walked over to the bench as requested.

I walked back to the counter with the manager and whispered "You seem to be
enjoying this.  Would you like a little more role playing fun?"

"Are you kidding!  All of this and more is on the house.  How can I stay
involved."  She was very enthusiastic.  The plan was hatching in my head
quickly.  I laid it all out for the manager as she boxed Annie's new lingerie
and pretended to ring up the purchases.  When I was all done she smiled broadly
and confirmed.  "You couldn't keep me away it you tried.  I have to finish a few
things here and then a quick costume change and I'll be there in an hour. 
Please don't start without me."

"Oh don't worry, this will be the crowning glory to the whole weekend.  See you
then."  I picked up my black paper bag from earlier and winking to Janice behind
the counter said "I'll come back soon and we'll talk."  I picked up the new
lingerie boxes and joined Annie in the mall outside the store.  I don't think
she was comfortable with my Cheshire cat grin as we walked out to the car.

I held the door for her as she sat very gingerly on the seat.  "I guess it was a
bit harsh after all?"  That got a quick eye bolt as I closed the door and made
my way to the other side of the car.

We were pulling out the parking lot when Annie sighed and spoke out of character
for the first time in hours.  "I can't believe we just did that.  I can't
believe you actually let her do that to me.   That poor guy in the shoe store
he's a mess.  And those boys on the stairs, if they ever see me again I'm done
for.  What were we thinking?"

"What do you mean we, you're the one having all the fun."  That got another
sharp look but a raised finger stopped any other words.  I also saw that it
dropped Annie back into character.  Time for a little head game.

"Annie," I started "You never did tell me why you came home early from school
today.  When I asked earlier you mumbled something about history but I didn't
catch it.  You're going to have to tell me eventually you know."  Before she
could answer I held up my hand and added "Never mind, we'll discuss this later." 
I made a point of fingering the black paper bag that held my leather paddle. 
Now I knew Annie wasn't happy with my Cheshire cat grin.

We drove the rest of the way home in silence.  Annie was visibly nervous as she
kept stealing sideways glances at the black paper bag on the seat between us. 
If she only knew the whole of it.

Conclusion to follow.




Getting Her Gloves Back
Part VIII

When we got back to the house I did a quick check around before opening the door
for Annie.  I didn't really want  the neighbors to see her like this.  Well,
maybe secretly I did, but that would be too much humiliation even for Anne.  I
did help her into the house as she was still having a bit of trouble with the
very high heels.

When we got in I suggested she freshen up and fix her makeup.  She decided to
completely wash up and start anew.  I reminded her I really liked the little
girl look and she promised to stick with the theme.

While she was occupied in the bathroom and her bedroom, I set out a few toys and
prepared for the grand finale.  I found a nice bottle of white wine and poured a
couple of glasses.  I was rewarded with a bright smile and a thank you when I
dropped off a glass at Annie's makeup table.  "You're a little underage, but it
should be okay.  Just a little and only this once.  I need you to relax a bit so
we can get to the truth about today."  I turned and left the room before she had
a chance to respond.

I went back to the living room and selected a few CDs to provide a little
background music.  Nothing specia,l just quiet music to kill the deafening
silence.  Just as I sat down on the couch I heard Annie coming down the hall.  I
love the sound of very high heels when a woman walks.  I shifted forward so that
I presented a lot of lap.  As Annie entered the room I patted my lap making it
clear where she was headed.  She rolled her eyes back, and gave me an
exaggerated pout and set her near empty wine glass down on the table as she
approached.

Her makeup was perfect.  Again, she had applied pink rouge, high gloss lipstick
and redid her eyes to recover from the earlier tear damage.  If anything, the
mascara and lip gloss were heavier.  I also smelled some very flowery perfume. 
That was something new.  Nothing sophisticated just a simple little girl scent. 
Annie was playing well.

She walked up, stood directly in front of me and gave me a very childish
curtsey.  I knew she would misunderstand and as expected she turned around to
sit on my lap.  I cleared my throat loudly and her head turned and she caught me
shaking my head no.  I pointed to a spot on the floor just to my right.  She
walked over and stood just beside me.  I patted my lap again.  The lights came
on.  With a "harumph" she lower herself down and lay perfectly across my lap.

The skirt was so short I really didn't really need to flip it up.  I did anyway
just for effect.  I was rewarded with a wonderfully rosy pink pair of cheeks. 
She had changed back into the G-String panties she had put on earlier this
morning.  Even though I knew they were fresh I could see they were already
getting moist.  I laid my open hand on her cheek and as suspected it felt a
little warm.  "Tell me what it was like."

I continued to lightly rub Annie's butt as she replied.  "She really didn't hit
me that hard.  I squealed and fussed a bit because I knew she'd like that.  That
sort of backfired when she called that Janice in. That little bitch actually
enjoyed pulling my panties down and shoving them in my mouth!"

"Watch you language young lady, you're in enough trouble already"

"Sorry sir, but she actually rubbed her hand all over me and then made me watch
as she sniffed her fingers and then wiped them on her blouse.  She told me she
wanted to enjoy the fragrance of my cunt for the rest of the day!  Then that
other woman started really spanking me again.  I just couldn't keep quiet. I
guess even with the gag you heard me outside right?"  She looked back over her
shoulder to see me nodding and I caught a little blush.  "Well, then it really
got to me.  And ..... that woman touched me ..... well you know where, and right
after a particularly hard spank I cam.  Oh god I cam.  I was screaming into that
gag.  I'm sure I must of squirted all over her hand.  She gave me two more quick
hits and then pulled the gag from my mouth so I could breath.  She used my
already soaking panties to wipe her hands and my .....  Well I was very wet. 
Then she left and you know the rest."

Annie didn't see, but I caught a glimpse of movement in the front yard through
the drapes.  "Okay, at least you were honest about what happened there.  Now get
up and kneel in front of me."  Annie immediately complied and I looked down at
this poor fifteen year old wannabe and was flooded with my own high school
memories.  I pulled myself back and got back into role.  "Now about school this
morning ..."

I couldn't have timed it better with a stop watch.  There was a knock at the
door.  Annie's head snapped around in complete surprise.  "Oh no! Not now!  I'm
actually ready for this."  Annie looked back at me and said "maybe if we are
quiet they'll go away."  Poor girl, if she only knew.

"Annie, don't be so silly.  Get up and answer the door."

"What! Me!  Like this.  I can't be seen like this.  No your kidding.  I just
can't.  No please."  My scowl and pointed finger finally shut her up and she got
up to open the door.  She opened it just a crack at first and peered around the
door to look out.  A look of total confusion washed over her face.  She stood
back and the door swung wide.  Again, we caught Annie mouth agape and the bug
eyed deer in the headlights look.  She didn't move, just stood there staring.

"Well who is it Annie?" I asked.

"Yes Annie, aren't you going to invite me in." Came a soft feminine voice from
beyond the door.  Annie stood back and still too shocked to speak, held the door
for that person to enter.  She took one step inside and as Annie closed the door
behind her said  "I'm very sorry to bother you at home sir.  But we need to
talk.  I'm Ms. Ferguson.  I'm Annie's history teacher.  May I come in?"

It was my turn to be blown away.  She was Annie's high school history teacher. 
She was my high school history teacher, she was everyone's high school history,
or geography or english teacher.  She mentioned a costume change back at the
Victoria Secret store but this was incredible!   She had pulled her hair back
into a tight bun and sported a pair of dark heavy rimmed round framed glasses. 
She had on a dark blue business skirt suit with a single breasted jacket and a
skirt that came to mid-thigh.  Dark seamed hose and very pointed high heel shoes
completed the ensemble.  A hint of lacy camisole and the seamed hose suggested a
VS treasures hidden from view.  She was perfect.  She looked every bit the young
recent grad teacher trying to look older than she really was.  She even was
carrying a couple of manila folders, a school binder and a pair of high school
text books.  God knows where she got those, but it completed the look perfectly. 
And she was sexy.  Damned sexy.

I had taken a good minute to look this lady up and down and I finally got back
my voice.  "Annie, where's your manners.  Take the lady's books and offer her a
glass of wine."  Still speechless Annie took the books and set them on the
table.  She picked up her own wine glass and finally managed to stammer out "I,
I, would you .... oh my."

"Yes dear, a white wine would be very nice."  Our fake teacher spoke so feminine
and formally.  This girl was good.  Anne left the room to get the wine and after
we both lost sight of the little flipping skirt the teach turned to me.  "What
do you think?"

"I think I want to fuck Annie's high school history teacher!  You look
fantastic.  She's completely lost it.  Did you see the look on her face!"  My
own enthusiasm was bubbling over.

"I'll take that as a compliment, but remember I'm gay as you both are about to
find out.  So the look is okay?" She asked giving me a quick twirl.

"More than okay, it's perfect.  Now just play along.  I hope you don't mind but
I'm going to be a little hard on you too."  I said with a smile to let her know
I was up to no good.

"Oh I'm game for anything." She managed quickly as we heard Anne's shoes coming
back down the hall.  I was going to have fun making her regret that last
comment.

"Here you go Ms. Ferguson" Annie exaggerated the name letting us both know she
knew what was up and had decided to play along.  I love it when a plan comes
together.

Time to get things started I figured.  "Annie, it's a hot day.  First truly hot 
day of spring.  Your choice of an outfit today ensure your comfort, the least
you could do is offer to take Ms. Ferguson's jacket."  That caught both of them
off guard.  There were two little tinges of blush.

Annie spoke first.  "Oh, but it's not that kind of suit.  It's not like a man's
suit.  She doesn't....."

"Now Annie, when will you learn."  I managed a fairly convincing scowl.  "In
this day and age of sexual equality you have to learn to treat everyone the
same.  If a male teacher of yours came to the house you'd offer to take his
jacket, why should Ms. Ferguson be any different.  Now be quick about it before
she get too hot to relax."

Our teach was thinking about saying something.  My stare and small shaking head
was noted and understood.  She turned to Annie and said "Don't worry about it
dear, we'll just humor him for now."  She set down the wine glass and started to
unbutton the jacket.

Annie looked like she needed to pee.  She was jumping back and forth from one
foot to the other and her eyes were darting back and froth between our guest and
me.  As the last button was undone her gaze became fixed on our guest as she
slipped out of the jacket.

We both sighed.  It was the best of Victoria's Secret.  A very shear lacy
camisole with several thin spaghetti straps on each side.  The straps had little
silver, zircon encrusted VS clasps holding them in place.  It was obviously part
of a set and I was really looking forward to seeing the rest of it.  For now I
was quite content to look at a perfect pair of firm B cup breasts sprouting the
hardest pencil eraser sized nipples that were trying their damnest to drill
holes in that lovely see-through top.

"My, teachers sure dress differently than when I went to school.  Maybe that
outfit you wore today wasn't so bad after all, Annie."  I managed to tear my
eyes away from that chest long enough to reach for my own wine glass.  I was
very aware of two pairs of eyes drilling into the back of my lowered head.  I
raised my head slowly to find myself looking at two very blushing faces one of
which also contained two very lust filled eyes.  The teacher was beginning to
enjoy herself.

"Actually, that's what I came to speak to you about.  Okay if I sit down?"  I
waved towards an arm chair that would have her facing me just across the narrow
room.  She sat and made a show of crossing her legs.  The skirt hiked up
revealing the top of her hose and just the bottom part of a garter holding them
up. 

'Oh perfect' I thought.  'How to keep myself in character in spite of that
show?'  I pulled myself back and pointed to the floor just to my right. "Annie,
you sit here."

Annie looked at the big empty couch beside me and then at the floor.  With a
"humph" she stepped over and with her back to our guest she gave me a wink. 
Turning around she matched our guest's show of sitting down and sat cross legged
on the floor.  From my vantage point above I could see the thin material of her
lacy G-String trying in vane to cover her crotch.  They were pulled very tight
and looked to be pulled in a bit.  With her legs crossed like that I'm sure it
was very open down there.  I could only imagine what it looked like from across
the room.  I didn't have to imagine long.  I looked up at our guest and knew
full well what it looked like.

Our substitute teacher was coming very close to passing out.  Her face was red,
the blush was spreading rapidly across her entire body.  Her nipples had finally
managed to tear through the camisole and were begging to be pinched.  Her mouth
was hanging open and she was very close to dropping her wine glass.  Lust had
taken over!  "Yes, you were saying?" I said snapping her back from where ever
she was. And we all knew that was between Annie's legs.

"That's ....That's what I mean.  That's what she did to me today in school.  It
just not right.  It's not proper.  It's just not fair!"  What a perfect speech I
thought.  I know she couldn't of been ready for what Annie had done.  What a
perfect recovery.  Then I realized it wasn't play.  It was for real.  All she
had done was substitute school for store.  This girl was hot.

I turned to Annie "Was the reaction the same at school?"

"Pretty much.  It was humiliating.  Everyone in the class was laughing at us.  I
couldn't handle it anymore so I came home early.  Now you know."  Anne finished
and sat there staring up at me begging for forgiveness.  No such luck.

"So, it was your fault then?" I asked and before she could answer I added "Not
only did you embarrass, pun very intended, your teacher, but then you ran away
from the situation and left her to handle your problems by herself.  When are
you going to learn?  Damn it girl, you have to be taught.  Get my paddle!"

This time Annie's eyes almost did pop out of her head.  She stammered a "Yes
Sir" and almost leaped to he feet.  She ran down to my room and we all heard a
gasp as she went into my room.  She came back holding the paddle and shaking her
head no.  One look told me she had seen the other toys I had laid out on the
bed.  She was begging no wordlessly.  Poor girl, she didn't have a chance, it
was going to happen.

Annie put the paddle in my outstretched hand and I immediately set it down on
the couch beside me.  It was show time.  "Annie, you seem to enjoy showing
yourself off to this teacher so much, why not let her see everything.  Get
undressed, slowly."

Two faces looked at me in disbelief.  Our guest knocked back the last of her
wine and whispered "Oh yeah!"

Annie wasn't doing so well.  She hesitate a good thirty seconds and then
struggling with her nails began to unbutton her top.  I saw the teacher move to
help and I interjected.  "No, leave her do it alone, it's more fun that way."

"Oh, I like your style." She replied.

"You ain't seen nothing yet." I said as I stood up and took her empty wine
glass.  "Here, I'll freshen that."

I came back carrying a full glass of wine and a few toys from my bed.  Neither
Annie not the teacher saw the wine.  Annie spoke totally out of character "Oh
fuck!"  Our substitute teacher didn't even here that, she was trying to figure
out what it all was used for.  Annie knew quite well, which explained her
earlier reaction.

I handed the wine to our still wordless guest and dropped the toys near her
feet.  I took a pillow from the couch and dropped directly in front of her
crossed legs.  I then went and sat on the couch and picked up the paddle in one
hand and took a sip of wine with the other.  "How many do you figure, Annie?" I
asked not looking up from the paddle.

"Eighteen, sir."

"I would have settled for ten, but if you insist."  I said that just to be mean. 
The I added.  "Assume the position!"

That's when I died.  Well at least that's what Annie tried to do to me with her
eyes.  I saw the color drain from her face.  No blush this time.  We were way
beyond that.  I waited. Inside my head was screaming 'Would she, please, please
.....yes!'

Annie reached down and picked up the collar.  Even with the nails it didn't take
her long to get it fastened around her neck.  'Practice makes perfect' I thought
with a chuckle.  Bending over she grabbed the spreader bar and showing the same
agility she demonstrated on the escalator she buckled both fur lined cuffs
around her ankles.  Standing with her legs spread out and our fake teacher
staring right into her crotch she thread the chain with cuffs attached through
the D-ring on the back of the collar.  Her first sound was a small squeal as the
first nipple clip bit.   That was followed by a second even louder squeal when
the second one found home.

I looked over to our guest and saw she was panting.  They say ladies don't
sweat.  Either this was no lady or they are wrong.  I watched as she actually
squirmed in her seat.

Annie reached for the gag but I coughed loudly.  She looked over to see me
shaking no.  She shrugged her shoulders and dropped to her knees.  Slowly she
arranged herself so that her head was directly at our guests feet.  She pulled
he knees up, farther, farther, finally until the nipple clip chain reached.  She
thread it over the hook in the middle of the spreader bar.  Then reaching back
she found the cuffs on each end of the chain across her back.  Several clicks
later it was done.  Annie couldn't get out of it now if she wanted to. And I was
going to make sure she did want to.

"Jesus H.. Christ" our guest exclaimed.  "I'm going to cum right now.  I've
never seen anything like that in my life!"

"Cum already, that would be a terrible waste wouldn't it Annie?" I asked. 
Before she could answer I added "Do you have anything to say to your history
teacher now my little dear?"

Annie was really into it now.  In her best pouty little girl voice yet she
looked up at our guest and said "Please accept this punishment as my sincere
apology for what I did to you today."  The turning to me she added.  "Eighteen
good ones please Sir."

I stood and picking up the paddle asked out guest "Care to count?"

I started softly.  Well, not too softly.  My first was about as stiff as the
last few that I heard back at the VS store.  Annie yelped and the teacher called
one.  By the time we got to eight Annie was near crying and her butt was a nice
pink going on red.  I took a break for all our sakes.  Even the teacher was
having trouble breathing.  Time to up the ante.

I looked up into the teacher's lust filled eyes.  "I'm sure you would have a
much better view from down here.  Why not make yourself comfortable on this
pillow?"  Annie started to say something but I gave her exposed breast a little
slap.  That pulled on the nipple clip and we got a big "Shit!" for that, and she
thought better about talking.

Our guest was hesitating, I spoke again.  "Oh don't be bashful, come here."  She
stood carefully avoiding Annie's body with her high hells.  "Turn around."  She
did and I quickly pulled the zipper down and her skirt fell to the floor.  She
wasn't surprised and turned back slowly to face me.  I was right, it was a
beautiful matching three piece outfit.  Camisole, G-String and garter.  All
featured the same silver-zircon encrusted VS logo holding it all together.  The
G- String did nothing to hide a nicely trimmed bush over an obviously very wet
pussy.  Wordlessly she sat on the pillow one leg on each side of Annie's head. 
Annie was getting a nose full of fragrance.

I reached over to the table and picked up one of the two gags there.  Not the
big red ball gag Annie had reached for earlier, the other one.  "Annie, what's
this?" I asked.

Annie had to turn her head awkwardly to see.  As she did so her lips brushed
against our guest's bush.  The teacher's eyes rolled and she didn't hold back
her sigh.  Annie saw the item and with obvious disgust said "It's a penis gag,
sir."

Time for the bombshell.  "Well, you are getting awfully loud, but this rather
inappropriate considering your crime today.  Wrong sex I'd say.  So teacher,
how's your biology, what's the other sex from a penis gag?"

She didn't even have to think.  She immediately slide her hips forward and
captured Annie's head between her thighs.  A very muffled burst of sound from
down there told me Annie was not happy.  Our fake teacher looked up and with her
own Cheshire cat grin answered "Pussy gag of coarse.  Did I get it right?  What
do I get?"

"ANNIE!" I said loudly to stop her muffled complaints.  "There are ten swats
left.  If she hasn't cum by the time I finish I'm going to go get my riding crop
and work on your ass until she does."

The room was dead silent.  I took the paddle and rubbed in small circles on
Annie's now rosy pink butt.  Still nothing happened.  The swat was the hardest
I'd given her yet.  Even the teach was surprised and exclaimed "Oh!"  But she
didn't stop.  Her eyes rolled mack and another low moan came out.  Annie was
eating pussy!!!!  I took my time and enjoyed rubbing the paddle over Annie's
other cheek..  The next swat wasn't quite so hard.  The sounds coming from our
guest told me Annie's tongue had picked up the pace.  She didn't last the third
swat.  She grabbed the back of Annie's head and mashed it into her crotch.  From
all the slurping sounds I heard with the gasps and moans I knew Annie was
getting a good taste of pussy juice.  Finally the teach leaned back and panted
to catch her breath.  Annie didn't stop.  I heard the continued slurping sounds
and noted a little surprise as the teacher looked down and watched Annie's
tongue continue to lick and suck at her pussy.  She looked back at me and raised
an eyebrow.  I replied with another swat.  The teacher dropped her head back and
we went for round two.

I didn't make it past five.  The teachers obvious lust and moans, the slurping
sounds from Annie, everything that happened all day caught up with me.  I stood
up and in two seconds my pants, shorts, shoes and socks were off.  I pulled my
polo over my head and knelt back down between Annie's legs with my very stiff
cock pointed directly at its target.  With no ceremony or foreplay, hell not
even a hint I shoved the full length into her hot tight wet pussy in one long
thrust.  Annie screamed into the teacher's pussy and the teach's head snapped up
to see what was going on.  I was already pumping.  Soon I realized Annie's
tongue was keeping time with my thrusts.  The teacher lost it again.  Annie got
another mouthful of juice.

Noone missed a beat.  I kept pumping and Annie kept sucking.  Then I felt the
teacher's finger as she reached around Annie's side and started flicking her
clit with her finger nail.  We all cam together.  I cam hard and rammed a load
of cum into Annie's gut.  From the sounds of it you'd have thought it went right
through Annie's body into the pussy of the teacher.  All three of us screamed
and panted as we climbed the orgasmic mountain, hit the summit, and came rolling
down the other side.  I fell back pulling my cock out of Annie's pussy with a
pop.  Annie fell to her side finally giving up on her feast and the teacher sat
motionless resting back against the chair behind her.

I finally came back down enough to reach over and start to remove the cuffs from
Annie's ankles.  I slipped the nipple clip chain from the hook on the spreader
bar and through it to one side.  I found the key for the cuffs on the table and
released her wrists.  I pulled the chain from the ring on the back of the collar
and with still shaky fingers I managed to get the collar off.   Annie was coming
back to earth now too and I offered her a hand to stand up.

She looked so sexy standing there.  Nothing on but those very high heels and
white hose.  My cock started to stir again already.  I reached up to remove the
clips from her nipples.  They had been there quite a while and I bet it hurt. 
It was going to be worse when I took them off.  I tired a look of sympathy as I
reached towards her breasts.  Annie spoke for the first time in quite a while. 
"Not yet sir, we're not finished."

It was my turn to look shocked.  I must have looked silly standing there mouth
hanging open.  Finally, I managed "But, but they have got to be hurting."

"Oh, yes they sting like hell, you have no idea. ..... then again maybe you do. 
But, they have to stay on until you finish.  We still have five to go....... 
And it's time to make me....."  She trailed off and I noticed her face was a
bright red approaching purple.

The teacher spoke for me.  "I don't think he can dear.  He just likes you too
much.  It's just not in him, can't you tell?"

Annie humphed "Yes, I know.  Its just he was so good at it all day.  All weekend
in fact.  Pushed me a lot farther than I thought I would go, a lot farther than
I thought I could.  It's just that this is a one time only deal.  I just know
I'll never do anything like this again and I have to ........."  The voice
trailed off again.

Our guest spoke again, very sternly this time.  "Okay Anne!  No more games, no
more little girl, how serious are you?"

Anne's eyes bore a hole right back at her.  She dropped out of character and
returned to the real forty something old divorcee said  "Very!"

The teacher stood and wordlessly turned the chair that had been her back rest
around.  As she stepped over to pick up the paddle from where I had dropped it,
Anne stepped over to the chair and bend over the back.  She went to assume the
same position she had the night before with her arms looped through the arms but
the teach stopped that.  Very sternly, showing no emotion she said "No, further
forward, elbows at the ends of chair arms.  Cross your arms, head on top."  Anne
immediately complied.

I looked over the chair and noticed Anne's breasts hanging down and swinging
slightly with each breath.  The nipple clips and the chain between them swing
free above the seat of the chair.  The teacher walked over to the door and
recovered my key chain from the hook on the wall.  Now I understood.  That was a
very heavy key ring.  She wouldn't dare!

Stepping back in front of Anne she made a show of placing the hook of my key
ring over the chain between Anne's breasts.  Again in a very stern voice she
spoke.  "Just because they are bigger than mine, doesn't mean you can parade
them around in front of me all day showing off."  With that she dropped the keys
and Anne didn't do a good job of keeping quiet.

The teacher walked around back and waited for her to settle a bit.  "Now Anne I
want you count them and thank me for each one."  She didn't wait for a reply. 
The first swat was easily twice as hard as anything I had given Anne in the last
two days.  Her left cheek went immediately to a bright red.  I was amazed when
Anne didn't scream.  She actually was quite quiet.

After a second she finally said "Yeah, right, like I'm going to thank you for
that, you lezzie, slut bitch!"

Now you could have knocked me over with a puff of air.  It was a repeat of that
bit with the flannel shirt from the night before.  She was taunting.  A raised
eyebrow told me the lady with the paddle was a bit surprised too.  The next swat
went beyond what I ever would have imagined.  It actually rocked Anne's body
forward on the chair and sent the key chain swinging wildly back and forth. 
There was no holding back the scream this time.  If the neighbors were home they
heard it.  A quick sob from Anne and she said "Two, thank you Ms. Ferguson."

There was no break and the next, just as stiff blow erupted on the other cheek. 
"Three, thank you Mr. Murphy."  The teacher looked up at me inquisitively.  I
just nodded indicating that I understood and it was okay.  She shrugged and
turned back to the job at hand.  The next blow was just at tough.  'Jesus
Christ, woman you're going to kill her' I thought.

Anne was crying now.  I could see the tears hitting the seat of chair.  Even my
keys were getting wet as the swung wildly back and forth tearing at her tortured
nipples.  "Four, thank you Miss Store Manager."  Our guest smiled as she began
to understand Anne was dealing with her own list of sins.  She showed how much
she understood as the pointed at me with the paddle and then brought it down on
Anne's flaming red ass in the hardest blow yet.  Anne screamed again and while
doing so wheezed "Five, oh thank my wonderful room mate."

I got a dose of my own medicine as our guest dropped the paddle and pointed at
the floor where I was standing indicating that I was not to move.  She went
around the chair and I heard my keys hit the floor.  Anne was crying fully now
and only managed an extra whimper as the nipple clips fell to the floor.  Anne
struggled to her feet and the two of them made there way down the hall.  I
literally fell to the floor and sat on the pillow trying to understand what I
had just witnessed.

A few minutes later she came back and dropped the white hose and heels on the
floor beside me.  I looked up and smiled not knowing what to say next.  Her tone
changed dramatically and was back to the soft feminine voice we heard earlier. 
"She'll cry herself to sleep now.  She picked one hell of a way to cleanse
herself.  I think your games are over.  Don't worry, it's what she wanted all
along.  She'll be thanking you in the morning.  Just don't pat her butt for a
few days. Okay"

I nodded agreement and noticed that she was dressing.  She finished silently and
the next time I looked she was standing in front of me totally dressed.  She
bent over and picked up the school books, and paused.  I suddenly felt very
nude.  I grabbed for the nearest thing to me and covered my crotch.  It happened
to be the panties Anne had discarded earlier.

Then she did it.  She only shifted her weight slightly.  Her high heeled foot
turned just slightly. The way she held the books.  The jacket and skirt. 
Suddenly I was fifteen again and a flood of my own high school memories came
back.  She snapped me back to the present with "I saw you looking at me that way
when I came in.  Who am I?"

It was easy to talk to her.  Dressed like that she didn't look anything like the
nasty bitch that had just tortured my room mate.  "Miss McCready.  You came the
first time as a student teacher when I was in grade nine.  I had such a crush on
you, hell every boy there did.  You were young and you dressed like it.  I think
it got you in trouble with the principle.  The second week you dressed a bit
more conservatively."

"Two years later you came back as a full time teacher.  You dressed a lot like
that."  I said pointing at the vision before me.  I looked again and noticed I
could see up her skirt.  I saw the open flesh at the top of the hose.  Tearing
my eyes away hoping to not get caught I noticed the lacy camisole showing above
the blazer.  "Without the special extras I think.   Anyway, you taught English
and Theater Arts.  You were the main reason I became president of the drama
club.  Kinda the teacher's pet I guess.  Then you started dating Mr. Leach.  He
was our biology teacher.  It was quite the talk in the school.  You both only
lasted two years and then left together.  We all knew you'd get married and
start teaching together somewhere else."

"I remember this field trip we took for science class.  You came along with Mr.
Leach of coarse.  We went to a swamp to get some samples to study in class.  The
road got too rough for the van and we all ended up all piling into Mr. Leach's
jeep for the last couple of miles.  The Jeep was very crowded.  You invited me
up front with you.  That got me a lot of teasing.  Everyone knew I was your pet.
You were wearing those damn little tight denim shorts.  This is back in the hot
pants craze.  You just shouldn't have done that.  It wasn't fair.  And the
flimsy little bra.  We could all see how skimpy it was through the light V-neck
T-shirt.  I sat between your legs in the front seat.  The road was rough.  I
kept bouncing back against you.  I kept hitting your .... well your breathing
got funny.  And I couldn't help it, it was the bumps.  My elbows kept hitting
your ...... well the bra didn't offer much protection.  One time you even
complained about me hitting your sternum.  The boys in the back seat loved that. 
I think you did it just to see me blush.  That was the longest two miles of my
life."

I finally stopped and looked down.  The panties were floating well above my lap
draped over the head of my very erect cock.

She didn't miss a beat.  "Is that what you are thinking about right now young
man?"  Before I could gather my thought and reply she continued "Look, I sent
you back here to clean up this dressing room.  Everyone else had to get home
after rehearsal and you volunteered to help.  I just stopped by to see if you
were okay on my way out of the school.  And I catch you like this.  Just what
the hell are you doing in the girls part of the dressing room.  And what's with
all the lingerie and girl's clothes?  Why you pervert!"

I looked around and she was right.  Anne's shoes, hose, bra, skirt, and top were
all lying around me on the floor.  I went to speak but was cut off   "And these,
these look like,"  Reaching down she grabbed the panties off my cock.  I didn't
bother trying to cover up again, I was too taken by her performance.  "Why you
bastard!  These are mine.  I lost them last week.  They disappeared on that
field trip the science class took.  They got so wet I had to take them off.  I
left them in Mr. Leach's glove compartment to dry.  God I was so wet I thought
I'd leave a mark on the back of your jeans.  You really enjoyed doing that to me
didn't you boy?"

Her look told me she wasn't expecting an answer.  I just sat there looking up
her skirt and she continued.  "You hurt me that trip you know.  Look I've still
got a bruise."  With that she damn near ripped off the blazer and thrust her
chest out at me.  The nipples were very hard again and trying to drill new holes
in that camisole.  "The sternum is between my tits you silly boy.  You are going
to need some extra help in biology.  Maybe I should tell Mr. Leach about this
and we'll see how he will HELP you."  I shook my head no vigorously. "And damn
you these things are soaking wet again.!"  She held the panties to her nose and
took a big sniff.

"This isn't me.  You little creep, have you been jerking off into my panties? 
Don't lie, I don't smell like this."  She shoved the panties under my nose.  She
held them there rubbing the back and forth for a minute.  Anne had done a good
job of making those panties very fragrant.  "I smell like this!"  She dropped
the books, pulled up her skirt and stepped forward shoving her crotch directly
onto my nose.  She came forward so quickly my nose actually pushed her flimsy
panties into the crack of her pussy.  The fragrance was similar, but not the
same.  She stood there a minute rocking back and forth on my nose.  I felt the
moisture.

"Now look what you did.  That's twice now.  Once in the jeep and again now. 
Okay little boy, you made the mess, you clean it up.  She reached down pulled
away from my face long enough to push that panties to one side and then forward
again.  I didn't need to be asked twice.  I don't know if I did as good a job as
Anne had, but I did pretty good.  I got my own blast of pussy juice when I
licked sucked and then nibbled just a bit on her clit.

She didn't even let herself settle down even a bit.  She stepped back turned
around and dropped down on my cock.  She impaled herself on me in one quick
swoop that had us both moaning.  Then she started to bounce up and down on my
shaft.  It wasn't fair.  I just couldn't hold it.  I didn't feel too bad though. 
She didn't last either.  We both cam together.  Mine was bigger than her's but
that didn't seem to matter.  She just sat on me as we both came back down to
earth.

After a minute she stood up and picking up Anne's panties and used them to wipe
my cock and then her crotch.  A few swipes and they were dripping with the
combination of Anne's juices from earlier, and the mix of my cum and her's from
this last session.  Smiling down at me she held them in front of my face and
when I went to ask what she had in mind she shoved them in my mouth.  She shoved
them deep into my mouth and sneered "Here you keep these, they're ruined now. 
And finish cleaning up this dressing room!"

Then she turned, flattened down her skirt, picked up her books, and walked to
the door.  I just sat there and gawked panties still in mouth as she opened the
door stepped out.  She reached back in to close the door behind her and broke
character for just a second as she smiled and said "Anytime you want to play."

I left the panties in my mouth as I cleaned up the room.  It only seemed fair. 
I only took them out when I got into bed to sleep.

The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ellie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





