BDSM Library - Choices




Choices
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub is treated to some unique dinner conversation by her Dom and is asked, quite politely, to choose from some various menu items...
Choices

As the waiter drew the curtain, a chill ran down her spine.

She'd heard about Chez Nous...how very exclusive it was, how each u-shaped booth
was separated from the others, so that the elite could dine without the stares
of onlookers and other uninvited interruptions. She'd read--in some hoity-toity
rag, about how no waiter would bother you until you pressed a  intercom button
on your table, indicating you were ready to order, or to have the next course be
served. She'd never dreamt she would find herself dining here one day--and
certainly not as a reward for this type of achievement.

She didn't kid herself...she knew that the curtain was not about to be opened
again anytime soon, how the waiter was not about to be summoned for a long
while. He liked to take his time with her, allowing  nothing  to interrupt their
session together.  Not until  he was finished with her. Completely finished.

She looked across the table, past the candles and the orchids, and into his
deep, steely blue eyes. They disquieted her, as they always did.  But she knew
if she dared look away, things would go harshly for her later, so she locked her
stare into his, awaiting his words with trepidation... resignation....and
hunger.

"Close your eyes," he commanded, much to her surprise. He often blindfolded her
at home when they had one of their  'talks,' but he had never conducted such a
session outside. He said that her lack of sight, as well as the lack of movement
he often ensured during such sessions, would make the words travel much deeper,
right into the depths of her soul. She had found him to be correct...his words
had rooted themselves into her subconscious and captivated her during the hours
she and her Master spent apart each day. 

She closed her eyes and waited, agitated by the minutes of silence that
followed. She knew better than to disturb the silence herself...he had left her
with a painful reminder of that particular infraction.  Suddenly she realized
why the booth had become so quiet, and quickly adjusted herself...her hands
underneath her butt, her thighs separated, her lips left slightly open. She
braced herself, knowing that she would be made to atone for such unforgivable
oversights. Damn! After all these weeks, how could she have forgotten?

She heard him chuckle to himself,  and pictured him planning her penalties, a
small smile spreading across his lips as it always did when he decided in which
fashion to mete out her daily penance. He waited a few more moments, making her
truly own her anxiousness, before his lecture began.

"This evening, you will have a treat, my love--the reward of choice," he
whispered slowly into her ear. "Tonight, you won't be allowed to hide behind the
security of your  patented 'Whatever you wish, Master, whatever you like'
answers.  Instead,  you'll order your own treatment, much as I'll order our
dinner from the menu. Does that please you, love?"

She knew she did not have to speak...the way she fidgeted in place would be
answer enough. His voice, his words cascaded across her skin, leaving shivers in
their path.

He placed his crooked finger under her chin and lifted her face, so that he
could ensure that she did not open her eyes, and also to reiterate that he was
speaking directly to her...as if this was a standard business discussion. He
always seemed to know what to do to deepen her experience with him, and he never
held back...always stretching her limits. She tried to remain still.

"Tonight, when we leave the restaurant...when I take you outside...would you
prefer that I begin your punishment in the alley behind the restaurant, or shall
I wait until we get you into the back of the van?" he asked, matter-of-factly,
as if he were taking project notes.

She hesitated for just a moment, figuring the hesitation, in this case, would be
permissible, as she was evaluating her choices. "The van, Sir," she responded
slowly...the words almost wrenched from her lips.

"Excuse me?" was his harsh reply.

She immediately corrected herself. "Please begin my punishment in the van,
Master,"

"Hmmm, of course, my dear, I would be happy to punish you in the van as per your
most polite request. But tell me, why is the van your choice?"

"Master, I beg you to begin my punishment in the van because there will be less
chance of interruption...and I know how you dislike interruption."

She felt his finger move from her chin and begin to slowly caress her cheek.
"Good answer, love." he murmured approvingly. She leaned her head toward his
sweet touch; he did not reprimand the movement. For the moment, she was his pet,
and she was enjoying  his praise.

"When we get into the van," he continued, moving his finger down to trace the
inside of her lips, "shall I use ropes or chains to bind your wrist cuffs to the
ceiling hooks?" The tone of voice, so matter-of-factly creating the scene in her
mind, increased her wetness, which  had started from the moment they had sat
down together. The finger continued tracing her mouth, awaiting her answer.

"Ahhh...it is a hard decision, Sir. I know you love how little give comes with
the rope...but how you also enjoy the clanking of the chains. Perhaps one of
each, Sir?"

"Mmm...you bring up a good point, love....both choices are rather delicious for
me. I think the rope, though...we won't want you to have any give at all
tonight...and we'll save the chain for your collar. Would that be to your
liking, pet?"

"Yes, Master, please use the rope on my wrist cuffs and the chain on my collar
as you punish me in the van." She smiled inwardly, pleased that she remembered
the rule to reiterate the lesson as completely as possible at each turn.

His hand moved from her lips, down to her nipples, making tiny circles that
drove her mad.  The other hand joined his explorations, each circling a breast,
and then zeroing in on her nipples, which he pinched and tugged at firmly
through her silk shirt, as he loved to do. She found it almost impossible to
stay still, her breath had become quite slow and deliberate, her head and back
arching slightly, to give him better access.

"My love, your enthusiasm is so very infectious, you are getting me quite eager
to begin with you. But there are a few more points we must clarify, so you can
receive the punishment you have so eloquently requested.  Would you prefer I cut
your clothes off with my hunting knife, or with my shears?"

She knew the knife would take longer, and that he liked to prolong her torture.
She opted for the knife, and was rewarded for her speedy reply by his fingers,
moving down to her thighs, and then slowing moving inward, one hand invading her
pussy while the other began a slow and intense massage of her clit.  She gasped
with pleasure, in spite of the lessons he'd taught her to remain still at such
intrusions, and risked certain punishment by spreading her legs as far as the
booth seat would allow, tensing her thigh muscles and trying to will on the
orgasm that she knew he would never permit her to have--at least not so quickly
and so easily. 

He continued a few moments longer, teasing her with the pleasure she so yearned
for...the pleasure he had denied her for days. But then, as she knew they would,
the fingers stopped their dance, but stayed poised on their respective targets
as he restarted his interrogation.

"One last thing, my pet, and I want you to think about this one carefully,
considering the alternatives over dinner before answering me during dessert. 
Will you do that for me, darling?"

"Yes Master," she replied, trying unsuccessfully  to squeeze her legs together
to force his fingers back into motion.

"Tell me, sweet one, in the van, so very private and free from interruption, as
your wrists are bound overhead with no give, and your ripped clothes tossed
aside, shall I gag you first and rape your tight little cunt, or shall I place a
dildo there and another up  your ass while I shove my cock down your throat?"

And before she could get out the gasp that his choice provoked, he quickly
removed his hands from between her legs and rammed the left one deep into her
mouth, forcing her to suck her juices from his fingers, and telling her, in no
uncertain terms, what he wished her answer to be.   She heard him use the other
hand to ring for the waiter and tell the intercom in a most calm and commanding
tone, "You may take our order now, please."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





