BDSM Library - Morgan's Creek




Morgan's Creek
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This as an ongoing story about the slavery trade during the American Civil War. The Morgan family are plantation owners, and the virtual uncrowned rulers of the nearby township of Morgan's Creek. When a renegade force of 'Buffalo Soldiers' gatecrash the Morgan's charity ball, the nightmare for the whole Morgan family begins...
The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please read only

if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content,

and your community's standards permit such material. The author apologises for
any historical inconsistencies and racial incorrectness. It's only a story. Both
the setting and the language were necessary tools to develop the main thrust of
the story, which is a tale of intolerance & racial prejudice. I had absolutely
no desire to offend or denigrate any racial or ethnic group, as opposed to just
about everybody in this story. If you don't like any of this, DON'T READ IT. For
those of you who do, this is merely the opening chapter of the story, setting
the scene for the players and main protagonists of the cast. PLEASE STICK WITH
IT... 4Nick8.


(c) 2002 4Nick8... Rufdeal@aol.com


Content: nc, ws, scat, interracial, public humiliation, serious rape, BDSM,
stocks & whipping post, incest, beastiality, branding, tattoo's &
modification... If you dont like any of these themes, DONT START READING THIS.  




Morgan's Creek

Chapter One

Morgan's  Creek - 1863...  The American civil war had been raging on for three
years, and in Morgan's Creek, the hot Indian summer clanged lazily along, giving
no indication to the populace, of the dramatic events that were lurking like a
bushwhacker to waylay its occupants.

Elizabeth Maria Morgan, the tacit, uncrowned queen of Morgan's Creek, was the
quiet but assertive matriarch of the Morgan family. She was quite young, which
was nothing unusual for the times. Couples would marry at thirteen or fourteen
years of age, and start a large family.

However, at the reasonably early age of twenty-three, Elizabeth gave birth to
their forth child, finally a son and heir to the Morgan fortune. She proudly
named him Daniel, and then promptly withdrew her sexual favours from her
indifferent husband, Jeremy Morgan. He was either too occupied with his many
business affairs, and/or quite contented with his young family of three girls,
and finally the baby Daniel, to object too much about the beautiful Elizabeth's
arbitrary cooling.

On long, hot autumn evening like this one was proving to be, it did irritate him
slightly. Elizabeth was an extremely attractive and beautiful woman. At just
thirty-three years of age, Elizabeth Morgan was the very epitome of Southern
Beauty. A cool, aristocratic bearing, with the undertones of a deep sexuality
that had snared the love-struck Jeremy eighteen years previously. Being the
single-minded youth that he was, not to mention Morgan's Creek's richest, most
handsome and eligible bachelor, he'd fallen straight away for the pretty fifteen
year old beauty.

Elizabeth was the only thoroughly loved and spoilt daughter of Zebidiah and
Maria Wilson, the one of four plantation owner families who'd controlled and run
Morgan's Creek since it's inception by old Nathaniel Morgan many years
previously.

The Morgan family had been in the area since the State Capitol Charleston, had
been called Charles Town after the reigning monarch of England. They'd fought
against the British in the American war of Independence, and had been duly
rewarded by the granting of lands in the very heart of the beautiful South.
Equally, Jeremy Morgan had wholeheartedly thrown his considerable influence and
wealth behind the secession of South Carolina from the Union in the December of
1860. South Carolina had been the first rebel state to secede from the Union,
and this was followed by the battle of Fort Sumter at Charleston Harbour in
April 1861, which led directly into Civil War.

Jeremiah, 'Jeremy' Morgan had no other option but to back the south to the
limit. He was a fairly typical southern landowner. A slave owner and cotton
grower, he drove all his slaves with merciless determination. He ruled his black
workers by fear and the whip, a not altogether incomprehensible attitude coming
from the political and economic climate of South Carolina at that time.

Jeremy saw slavery as a natural extension of nature, a Darwinian concept that
gave him the right to treat the black man, (and woman), as nothing better than
beasts of the fields... his fields. He'd also utilised his bonded workforce as
breeding stock, even going as far as to enter them into his ledgers as 'Bulls'
and 'Cows'. This enterprise had yielded a huge profit from the buying and
selling of these unfortunate individuals, notwithstanding the heartbreak and
sheer human misery he was causing by his financial affairs. Jeremy Morgan
couldn't have given a good goddamn for their feelings. Did animals have feelings
anyway? Jeremy very much doubted it.

Their plantation manager, a nasty piece of work who went by the singular name of
Slade, ran the plantation. No one had heard him referred to by anything other
than Slade, and he didn't enlighten them on that matter either. An ugly, tough
piece of white trash, Slade ran both sides of the Morgan's business, the cotton
plantation, and the breeding farm, leaving Jeremy only the financial side to
worry about. It was a sweet deal for both men.

Slade took to the breeding side of the business very diligently, dealing with
certain South American gentlemen for a regular supply of certain drugs and
substances that accelerated the yield of infants to the Morgan stables. The
lissom young 'cows' were not only 'helped' to maintain an unnatural arousal at
all times for the pleasures of the rut, but Slade would personally stuff their
vaginas with a very secret and powerful fertility drug that caused them to
conceive on the first coupling. What's more it was cost effective in the
delivery, causing many of the unfortunate young ladies to carry twins, triplets,
and often more healthy young slaves to be brought up a submissive and willing
future workforce for the rich plantation owners of the South.    

Slade was a very enterprising individual, diligently working tirelessly on
literally 'whipping' the Morgan 'stock' into shape, a job he set about with a
great deal of unhealthy enthusiasm, beating his unfortunate charges with keen
gusto that bordered on the psychotic. Often he would leave his victims hanging
on the whipping post, battered and bleeding and near to death. In fact, he'd
actually killed two young quadroon girls, a tale told with some relish and
ribald laughter in the bars and taverns of nearby Morgan's Creek. Whilst Jeremy
Morgan was annoyed at the loss of two perfectly able-bodied 'Cows', nothing
further was mentioned about the matter, just a simmering hatred that emanated
from the slaves quarters that boded ill for the future.

Jeremy was taking his eldest daughter, April Mayflower Morgan, and a young,
local rouï¿½, Wesley Harrison, to Charleston Harbour to look at a newly bought
breeding slave he'd just acquired. He tickled the switch lightly over the flanks
of his prize stallion Bruce, as it cantered in front of the smart brougham they
were seated comfortably in. he looked fondly at his spoilt, sixteen-year old
offspring. She was as pretty as a picture in her pale green and lilacs late
summer outfit.

'What a beauty my pretty li'l girl is!' he thought contentedly as they cruised
lazily down the dusty lanes, the frangipani trees hanging heavily with Spanish
Moss, the heavy scent of their dying blossoms cohering cloyingly to their
senses. He looked on with some amusement as April unmercifully teased the
handsome young man as he tried in vain to impress her.

Wesley Harrison was the youngest son of Carl Harrison, another plantation and
slave owner in Morgan's Creek, second only to Jeremy himself who ruled the town
and surrounding plantations, farms and smallholdings, with unconscious regal
imperiousness.

Jeremy was a great believer in introducing the members of his family to the less
seemly side of his business, but there seemed to be an age limit. He'd not begin
to show them anything unsavoury, till they were fourteen years of age;
therefore, April had had two years of observing the whippings and couplings of
countless hapless slaves. It was all routine and everyday to the young beauty,
so much so that she urged Slade from time to time to vary his repertoire of
cruelty.

"My, my!" gushed his pretty young daughter, flirtatiously batting her long,
black eyelashes at the blushing young Wesley, and arrogant in the affirmation of
her fresh young beauty. "Ah do believe you're trying to woo me sir, and me just
a child!"

Jeremy smiled inwardly as April 'accidentally' allowed the young swain to catch
a fleeting glimpse of the lacy hems of her silken drawers, modestly covering
them with the full skirts when she saw she'd caught his interest. He noted with
ironic amusement, (and not a little anger), that the boy's tight trousers
clearly showed his arousal.

'Still, his beautiful daughter could more than deal with him,' he thought
fondly. He'd had a serious talk with all his daughters, and they were all made
fully aware of the value and sacredness of keeping their virginity for the one
true love of their lives when they married.

Jeremy watched with inward amusement as the apple of his eye unmercifully teased
the young man all the way into Charleston. By the time they got down to the
harbour, young Wesley was a perspiring, trembling wreak, his dogged devotion for
the precious April battling with his animal lust to ravish the pretty young girl
right there and then.

April and her father dismounted from the brougham and strolled across the
cobbles with a weak-kneed, sweating Wesley tottering along behind them. They
made straight for the 'SS Captain Morgan' that was busy unloading its cargo, and
Jeremy signalled to the bridge for the captain, Captain John Swede, to join them
on the dock.

Captain Swede rolled down the rough gangplank followed by two seamen hauling a
roped and naked black man behind them. He cast an appreciative look at the
delectable April as he turned to the two seamen, one of whom was just about to
strike the struggling black with a whip.

"Belay that Mr. Johnson!" barked the Captain. "I'm sure that Mr. Morgan won't
appreciate his goods marked up none."

The sullen seaman let his arm drop to his side as both Jeremy and his daughter
April looked with admiration at the latest addition to the Morgan stables. And
what a fine specimen M'jobi, for that was his given tribal name, was.

He stood six-foot-five in his bare feet. His broad shoulders and heaving chest
tapered down to a heavily muscled stomach, and whipcord thighs. M'jobi looked
with undisguised hatred at the arrogant white man who was now walking around
him, and even checking his teeth. Then M'jobi caught sight of the young couple
behind the white man. One was a youth of about eighteen summers, but he shrank
into the distance compared to the absolutely delightful girl at his side. One
look at the beautiful girl aroused all of M'jobi's base instincts and his
manhood immediately stirred and started to erect itself.

April had been staring in awe at the naked black man, noting with utter
astonishment the swinging black dick that limply hung between his legs like a
huge black fruit. She'd never seen anything so big or so beautiful and thrilling
in her young life. As she looked on in wonder she saw that the huge nigger had
spotted her.

'My God!' she thought, as the nigger's large member stirred and started to
thrust outwards and upwards at the mere sight of her young fresh beauty. 'My
God!'

All of a sudden this scene was shattered as Jeremy's crop slashed down on the
rearing member in full erection. M'jobi sucked his breath in with a loud hissing
sound as he sank to the dusty ground in agony, his abused penis quickly
subsiding as the awful pain registered in his nerve endings and mind. The two
white men went on talking about him as if he were just a chattel as he rolled
around in the dust at their feet.

"Got this fine young bull off the Gold Coast!" the captain was saying about him.
"He's supposed to be a Chief's son, so I'm tol, but I dunno. They reckon he's
been educated a little too, that's mebbe a drawback. Ah don believe these
animals are capable of a li'l larning, but that's by-the by."

In fact, M'jobi had been educated, and educated very well, first by the English
missionary school in his home village, and then he'd been sent to England itself
for higher education at one of England's finer teaching establishments. He'd
only been back home for a few weeks before the Arab traders had mounted one of
their innumerable raids on his people, and had taken M'jobi captive.

"Well, well!" a self-satisfied Jeremy said, as he looked his prize up and down.
"Educated did you say? We'll just have to call the boy Solomon then won't we?"
he went on, dubbing M'jobi with the Hebrew name that M'jobi immediately
despised. "He don't say much, does he?"

"Ain't heard a word out o him the whole trip!" the Captain affirmed. "You ask
me, I'd say the boy wuz stupid. Still, he got a fine build on him ain't he now?"

Jeremy had to agree. Indeed the young buck was finely built. His mind wandered
with financial glee, thinking of the money he would make from this young bull
when he covered the fine young cows that Jeremy had back at the plantation.

"Well... Let's get him hitched up and make our way home!" Jeremy stated firmly.
"Young Wesley. Git this fine young bull tethered to the brougham!"

The now sullen young rouï¿½, savagely jerked M'jobi's ropes, and tied them to the
back of the carriage. The three whites then mounted the carriage and they lazily
set off back to the plantation with the tired, naked young black man, weaving
and stumbling behind. 

April spent the whole trip back home, staring under smoky lidded eyes at the
defeated black, who was stumbling along in their wake.

'My God!' thought the young girl once more. 'Did you just see that. Why, that
young nigger bull jes right creamed himself over me!' April was discovering the
power she had over men and it thrilled her to her bones. Not that she regarded
Solomon as a man, but nevertheless...

the rest of the journey, April sat looking back and contemplating the powerful
young black. Little tremors ran crazily through her lissom young frame as she
slowly toyed with the bright blue bow of her summer bonnet.

Passing through the town of Morgan's Creek, Jeremy glared angrily at the one
blot on his fair town, 'Bertha's Whorehouse.' Although Bertha had long since
gone to the 'Big Bordello' in the sky, her legacy of licentiousness lived on
still in Morgan's Creek in the guise of 'Madam Simone.'

Simone Blanchette had run the cathouse for as many years as Jeremy cared to
remember. No matter how hard he'd tried to muscle the town council into getting
rid of the brothel, Madam Simone outflanked him at every step. There were just
too many influential people who discretely used the joint, and Madam Simone
merely called in the favours every time. It made Jeremy's blood boil. He'd tried
to hit back in the only way he could, locating the town stocks and gallows,
right outside the 'house of pleasure' but it hadn't seemed to worry Madam
Simone, or any of her clientele.   

The dusty party arrived back at the mansion of the plantation in the early
evening, young April skipping off to soak herself in a scented bath, and Wesley
politely excusing himself before taking his leave.

Jeremy's family came out onto the colonnaded veranda to view his latest
acquisition. Elizabeth Morgan ushered out her pampered brood, and what an
attractive picture they made. April's two pretty younger sisters Jennifer and
Felicity, fourteen and eleven respectively were the very image of genteel
southern respectability, identically dressed in pretty pastel coloured dresses,
with large sun bonnets, secured with big blue bows under their creamy white
chins. Daniel, the ten-year-old son and heir to the plantation and all the
surrounding lands and properties, looked down at the sweaty, dusty Solomon in
faint contempt. It never occurred to the boy that here was another human being;
he was just another piece of prime stock.

Slade was prowling round Solomon, his cruel crop prodding and poking the fit
young black as he assessed the future breeding and usefulness of the man.
Solomon merely glared at the small party in sullen silence.

Then the slave was hustled across to the barn, wrestled to the ground, and his
sweating flanks exposed to Slade. The plantation manager energetically used the
bellows on the forge fire, making it glow white hot, then he heated up a slave
branding iron and scorched a large 'M' into the unfortunate Solomon's buttocks.
The abused slave suffered all this in a stoic silence.

The Morgan family, their curiosity sated, retired into the big house to continue
their preparations for the huge charity ball that they were giving that evening
in support of the southern war effort...



To be continued...




Chapter Two...

The glittering evening had been a huge success so far. The handsome Jeremy
Morgan had been at his most charming, greeting and mingling with all his guests
along with his beautiful wife Elizabeth. Even the children had been allowed to
stop up in honour of the occasion, all dressed in their very best.

In the barn, an anguished Solomon lay, staring out of the open door at the
scintillating lights spreading out over the open lawn of the Morgan's mansion,
his heart aching with rage and sense of injustice. Just at that moment, the
fateful incident that was to change the life of Morgan's Creek forever started
to develop.

A whole battalion of Colonel Jeb Grey's, 81st Massachusetts Mounted & Foot,
stormed into the peaceful setting of the magnolia-scented grounds, two platoons
immediately peeling off and storming into the Grand Ballroom of Jeremy Morgan's
mansion.

The Morgan's and their guests were immediately reduced to a stunned silence by
this rude and ungentlemanly intrusion, instantaneously recognising that these
people were a contingent of the infamous Buffalo Soldiers that the northern
carpetbaggers had had the temerity to recruit. A hard looking Irishman who
introduced himself as Captain Sean Grady led them, Sean and his adjutant,
Lieutenant Reagan, being the only white men in the Company.

Captain Grady had his own agenda of hatred, his entire family being killed by a
regiment of Welsh Fusiliers only twenty years previously during the great potato
famine. He never forgave the Welsh or their hated masters the bastard English,
for this perfidious crime. Now here he was on what he illogically thought of as
a bastard Welshman's land, and who was the fucking master now?

Just at that moment, his top Sergeant, Sergeant Able Fennier, led in the
unfortunate Solomon whom he'd found suffering in the barn. Solomon's newly
scorched brand glistening with a crisp, black malevolence on his bare flanks.
This was like a slap in the face to Sean who'd had nothing but loyalty and good
soldiering from his highly capable troops.

"Who the fuck is this bastard Morgan?" he roared, glaring around the ballroom
with fiery Irish eyes. C'mon you fucking Johnny Reb's. Roll him out!"

There was an uneasy silence in the gaily-bedecked ballroom till Jeremy uneasily
cleared his throat...

"Erm... I'm Mr. Jeremiah Morgan sir, and this property belongs to me!"

"And to which fucking 'property' are you referring sir?" Grady sarcastically
enquired. "This fucking pile and the plantation, or this poor unfortunate guy
here?"

Elizabeth winced inwardly at the absolutely foul language that this Yankee
ruffian was using in front of her delicate children.

Um... Why yes sir. This nigger was purchased by me, and delivered only today."
Jeremy ventured, not quite certain where this was leading. After all, what a man
bought was his own business wasn't it?

Captain Grady almost exploded...

"Well you listen up to me sir. This fucking particular parcel isn't just another
plough or a horse that you've bought. This here is a man sir. A fucking human
being who you've degraded worse than any of your fine livestock. Well sir,
you're certainly going to rue the day you met my men and me. Secure the house,
and marshal all the Welsh bastard's brood out into the middle of the dance
floor!" he snarled at his attentive top Sergeant

Able willingly carried out his furious captain's order, hustling the Morgan
family into the centre of the room, whilst all the guests seated themselves
uneasily around the sides, looking with trepidation at the awful black soldiers
and their uncompromising captain.

Grady looked at his anxious captives, noting the mother hen way that Elizabeth
half hid her terrified children behind her voluminous ballroom gown.

"The three girls" he suddenly rapped out. "Strip the three girls. Take off their
fancy gowns and petticoats. Let's see how high and fucking mighty they act
then!" he snarled at Able.

Before Elizabeth could consciously absorb this command, their nanny, a genteel
young white girl named Tina Lyon, bustled out from the rear of the ballroom...

"Ooooh noooo. Not the chil..." she got as far as moaning, before a musket shot
pierced the unnatural silence. Tina fell dead before the shocked audience as
Lieutenant Reagan lowered his smoking musket. Blood seeped slowly out of an ugly
gaping wound in her side, and everyone listened to the rattling, throaty sounds
as the poor girl breathed her last.

The acrid smell of burning cordite filled the room as Able and another soldier
grabbed the three girls, and yanked them in front of the seated audience and
their appalled parents.

April Mayflower Morgan was naturally the first to receive the rough black
soldiers unwanted attentions. They grabbed the high neckline of her powder blue,
silken Paris dress, and tore it down to her waist. Her slim body jerked in shock
at this impudent treatment.

"AAARRRGGGHHH" she screamed in utter humiliation as the fine, filmy material
parted and hissed down her slim frame, revealing the white, lacy chemise top
that was barely covering her perfect little tits. Her hands flew up to cover
herself and Able contemptuously knocked them away. He then ripped at the
waistline of the beautiful dress, popping the small pearl buttons, and tearing
it out and down for it to lay puddled about her ankles.

The shocked and humiliated April stood with her head bowed and her hands placed
crosswise over her little heaving bosom as she choked back her sobs. Able,
notwithstanding her obvious grief, tore at the lacings on the back of the
fragile chemise, and hauled it off her, leaving the poor girl standing in the
middle of the crowded ballroom dressed in only her satin drawers, white silk
hose, and her dainty little shoes her father had purchased from Italy. She wept
as she tried to cover her bare little tits, and she saw the shocked guests
eyeing her state of undress furtively, distractedly noting that Wesley Harrison
was almost leering at her dishabille and discomfort.

Able and the other black soldier then started on Jennifer and Felicity. They
spun the two children out front and centre, and quickly ripped at their
expensive gowns, stripping them both down into the same state as April as the
audience watched in frightened silence. Jennifer now seemed to be in a trance
like state of shock as she stood in just her silken bloomers and delicate little
high-heels, not even aware enough to try and cover her crimson tipped little
mounds. Poor eleven-year old Felicity just stood there and wailed, her flat
chest heaving with her sobs as she held onto the drawstrings of her satin
drawers fiercely.

Grady paced around the three youngsters like a lion contemplating a delicious
meal. He liked to see their fear of him. He was a cruel man, and any show of
terror he could inspire delighted his senses. After a long period of menacing
silence, Grady looked directly at Elizabeth and Jeremy. They stood there ashen
faced as he contemplated how he was going to play this. Then he went up to them
and whispered some terse instructions in both their ears.

Elizabeth thought she was going to lose her mind, and Jeremy went almost purple
in the face with rage as he finished his sotto voce tutelage. He stepped away
from them with a dire threat.

"Remember clearly. You've seen what happened to that bitch!" he muttered,
indicating Tina's still warm and shuddering body. "Your happy little band could
quickly end up the same way!"

Elizabeth felt a desperate need to protest, to do something...

"T... this isn't a s... soldierly thing you're doing s... sir!" she trembled out
with maternal defiance. "These... these are j... just little children, and
civilians. We're all c... civilians!"

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!" roared Captain Grady, who'd never considered himself a
'soldierly' person anyway. "WHAT IN GOD'S NAME DO YOU CALL THEM POOR SHITS YOU
KEEP IN THAT SHANTY TOWN YOU CALL YOUR 'NIGGER' COMPOUND? YOU HAVEN'T AN OUNCE
HUMANITY IN YOU MADAM, AND YOU DESERVE LESS. NOW DO AS YOU'RE FUCKING TOLD!!!"

Grady wasn't an abolitionist or a conscience driven Christian by any manner of
means. He was just as amoral and self-centred as the Morgan's, probably even
more so. However, the one thing that Grady knew for certain, he got nothing but
dedicated and selfless good soldiering from his devoted band of 'Buffalo
Soldiers', and in Grady's world that counted for everything. That their people
were being treated like animals outraged him. 

Elizabeth and Jeremy stood tearful and helplessly by, as Captain Grady started
to issue a series of rapid commands to his men. Three of them stepped smartly
forward and grabbed an half naked girl each then, standing to the side of each
girl, they snapped them over, bending them in the middle and facing their
parents.

The two elder girls sobbed and young Felicity howled as each man leant over and
undid the drawstrings of their silken boomers, pulling them down their trembling
legs till they were bunched in a crumpled satin mound around each girl's knees.

"Uh... Ulp...  Oooooo... Ugh... Waaaaaa..." wailed Felicity as her bare bottom
was displayed to everyone. The other two girls silently heaved with sobs, April
again noting with dismay, the look of almost lecherous satisfaction on Wesley's
face as her bare bottom and hairy little cunt was bared. She closed her eyes
tightly and tried to make the nightmare go away.

The three beauties were now fully on display to everyone, bent over with their
bare behinds presented lewdly, and their knickers around their knees. How
shameful it was to them. The Morgan girls, leaders of their peer groups, to be
denigrated in this ignominious way to all the hoi polloi of Morgan's Creek.
Mortified, the waited in trembling silence.

Meanwhile, the vengeful Solomon was busy whispering into the ear of Lt. Reagan,
who immediately attracted the attention of the Captain. Grady muttered an order
to Sergeant Abel who disappeared out of the room for a few minutes, returning
with a taciturn and defiant Slade in tow. The plantation manager listened to
Grady's whispered orders with growing interest as he too eyed the three
delectable girls over. Then he fumbled about in the voluminous pockets of his
frock coat, and produced an oilskin package. Grady indicated the half naked
girls and nodded meaningfully at Slade.

Slade strode across to his employer's children, noting with some satisfaction
that all three looked at him with some degree of pleading hope. Instead Slade
reached down and forced their legs wide apart. Starting with April, he took out
the South American concoction from the package and broke of a substantial amount
of the slimy stuff. Peering down at April's gaping genitals, Slade roughly
parted the unwilling lips of her slit and worked the disgusting mess up inside
her. April closed her eyes in horror. She'd been around the breeding compound
long enough to realise what this was. It was the fertility goop that Slade used
on the young 'cows' in the breeding farm. What April didn't know was that this
particular batch contained a trail dose of cocaine powder that Slade had been
meaning to try on the young black girls to 'pep up' their sexual performance.

Moving on, Slade inserted the evil stuff into the tight slits of both Jennifer
and young Felicity, (who had only just begun her menstruation cycle a couple of
months previously). The pretty little girl's body bucked and shuddered under
Slade's ministrations. They both also knew what the stuff was and it horrified
them.

Slade stepped away and carefully rewrapped the parcel, pocketing it as he gazed
with coarse anticipation at the three bare bottoms that were jerking and
quivering as the three girls tried unsuccessfully to expel the noxious substance
from their assaulted slits, their tiny hands held helplessly in the small of
their backs.

It didn't take long. In a matter of moments the snivelling sobs of all three
girls started to make way for an earthier, more sensual moaning as the effects
of the cocaine kicked in. Grady nodded in satisfaction and nodded slightly to
the first three blacks who had begun to form a line behind the three comely
sweethearts.

The fist three unhooked their suspenders and dropped their uniform trousers to
the floor, revealing their burgeoning erections. Pressing their cocks against
the goop smeared cunts; they each drove their rods fiercely into the virgin
holes.

The loudest scream came from young Felicity as three hymens were torn away
forever. April and Jennifer were hot on her heels however as all three girls
screeched and wailed as they were ridden with no finesse whatsoever. Slowly
however, the cocaine started its insidious work as the three blacks plunged in
and out. The two eldest were the first to surmount the pain barrier, breathing
out involuntary moans of lust as their tortured genitals became slick with a
combination of blood, goop, and their own feminine juices. Jennifer opened her
shame stricken eyes to look pleadingly at her parents. Then she opened them
wider in horror.

Grady had been looking meaningfully at Jeremy and Elizabeth, fingering the butt
of his pistol. His eyes flicked down at the three violated girls as his body
language issued an unspoken command.

Flushing to the roots of her hair, Elizabeth took hold of the voluminous folds
of her satin gown and started to tug it up to her waist. At the same time,
Jeremy unbuttoned the flap front of his trousers and felt around in his long
johns, fishing out his shrivelled cock.

Now the three appalled girls and all the Morgan's guests looked on in stunned
silence as Elizabeth apprehensively unlaced the bottom of her stays. With
trembling fingers she loosened the waist of her frilly silken drawers, allowing
them to sag down her legs to display her hairy pudenda. Then, with a muted sob,
she spread her legs wide and inserted two elegant fingers into her dry slit,
shuddering in muted revulsion as she slowly worked them in and out. At the same
time, her husband was pulling at his limp dick in a self-conscious and grotesque
parody of pleasure.

Impatiently, Grady gave a sharp nod at Slade, flicking his eyes at Elizabeth's
feeble fumblings in her bushy groin area. Slade got the message and, producing
the oilskin package once again he sidled over to the humiliated woman. The
broken Elizabeth didn't even show any token of resistance as Slade pulled her
shaking fingers away from her genital area and parted her thighs even wider.
Scooping a good amount of gunk out of the package, Slade expertly rammed it deep
into Elizabeth's dry gash, causing a little squeak to flutter up from the
anguished woman's palpitating chest.

After Slade had ensured that the evil substance was deeply embedded inside her
he withdrew his sopping fingers, wiping them casually on the rump of his
deerskin trousers as he returned Elizabeth's fingers to her vagina, ensuring
that she inserted three fingers this time.

By this time another three had replaced the three original men who'd been
fucking the girls, and all three girls were now were 'ohing' and 'ahing' as the
three black pistons were slammed in and out of their thoroughly lubricated
quims.      

Completely dissatisfied with Jeremy's unenthusiastic performance, Grady decided
to add a little more family perversion to this unreal scene. He glanced at the
grunting, drooling April who was shuddering in a mixture of revulsion and desire
at her rape. He then withdrew a vicious horse crop from the side of his boots
and laid a savage stripe over the poor girl's bare back, the wound immediately
puffing up, splitting and oozing tiny beads of blood.

"AAANNNNGGGHHH... URRRGGGHHH... OOOFF... UH... UH... UH..." wailed April, torn
three ways between pain, pleasure, and degradation. She glanced desperately up
at Grady in fear.

"Shuffle over to Daddy dear, and get the bastard good and hard. I want to see
him coming all over your pretty face before you're finished..... UNDERSTAND
BITCH?" he savagely punctuated this sentence with.

April had barely time to digest this latest shameful sexual aberration before
he'd also dragged the young, squealing and still sexually coupled Felicity over,
to thrust her pretty little tearstained face into her mother's hairy crotch.
Startled, Elizabeth looked down at her youngest daughter, her reluctant fingers
stilled.

"Ulp... Ulp... Momma... Mmmmm..." the little girl snivelled as she nuzzled into
the warmth of her mother's lower belly, scraping her downy cheeks into
Elizabeth's wiry pubic hair. Grady pushed insistently on the back of Felicity's
head as Elizabeth dug her fingers into her cunt anew as she resumed her
increasingly necessary masturbation, her slick, slimy fingers urgently diddling
her now weeping gash. Suddenly overcome, Elizabeth leaned over and whispered
desperately to her youngest daughter.

"Felicity darling... Do what the man wants. Kiss it. Kiss your Mommy's v... t...
thing. He'll leave you alone if you do what he wants. Try and block your mind
off from it sweetheart!"

Felicity obediently pursed her lips and tearfully started to give her mother
fluttering little pecks of affection on her glistening gash and slime soaked
fingers as Elizabeth reluctantly started to vocalise her growing lust.

UNNNGGG... MMMMMM... OOOOH... UUH... UH... UH... OHHH... GO ON... GO ON... KISS
IT... KISS IT SWEETHEART..." she gurgled in a paroxysm of unwanted desire, her
beautiful face flushed beet red as she worked desperately at ignoring her
horrified guests.

Meanwhile her other daughter April was now being beleaguered by Grady who was
beating her bare white back with his crop as she was being shagged senseless by
black after black whilst forcibly being made to fellate her own father.

Her wet mouth slipped wildly on and off his now tumescent member, as she felt
yet another explosion of hot nigger-juice shooting up into her quaking womb.
April then felt an involuntary tightening of Jeremy's scrotum, preparatory to
shooting off, and she screwed her pretty eyes tight shut. She wasn't a moment
too soon as she felt the hot, slimy slickness of her Daddy's sperm drenching her
hot face and hair, seeping insidiously all down her pretty features as she felt
yet another of Grady's soldiers slipping his prick into her and hammering away
at the quivering cheeks of her bare bottom. 'Oh God. Would this damned nightmare
never end?' she thought despairingly.

Jennifer just numbly watched her two juddering siblings, vaguely thankful that
she was getting away with just a multiple rape and utter humiliation.

Finally it was over. the line of Buffalo Soldiers had filtered to the end and
the last of the obnoxious blacks had had their way with the three beautiful
girls, leaving them sobbing in shame and self disgust on the floor of the
ballroom, their bloomers hobbling their ankles as they still kept rubbing at
their sore, weeping slits, vainly trying to bring themselves off as the
concoction continued its work.

Elizabeth looked down at her three abused daughters in aching pity. They were
almost certainly impregnated with nigger-seed, as the goop always worked on
their own stock of 'cows'. She sent a silent and selfish little prayer up that
she hadn't also been violated yet, as she hurriedly pushed her own petticoats
and gown back down to modestly recover her trembling wet legs. She glanced at
Jeremy and silently urged him to cover himself, which he hurriedly did, going a
puce colour with rage at this impudent violation his family had been made to
suffer.

"UP... UP!" shouted the hateful Captain Grady. "STAND UP AND SHOW YOURSELVES TO
YOUR GUESTS... MRS. MORGAN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? SKIRTS HIGH ONCE MORE TILL I
TELL YOU TO PUT THEM DOWN. YOU TOO MORGAN... PRICK OUT IN FRONT OF THEM. YANK
THAT LITTLE WIENER UP AND DOWN TILL IT FUCKIN' HURTS"

Miserably, the three girls straightened up in front of their shocked guests.
Elizabeth raised her skirts and petticoat's once more, and Jeremy, red faced and
fuming, hauled out his shrivelled meat.

Grady then had the Morgan family openly masturbate in front of everyone. It was
difficult for the struggling Jeremy who hadn't been given any sexually enhancing
preparations, but Elizabeth and her three daughters were still in the thrall of
the goop stuffed into their insides, and more than made up for Jeremy's
lacklustre performance.

Jennifer was delighting Grady's men by futilely attempting to scoop out the
gunk, while at the same time bringing herself mini-orgasm, after mini-orgasm and
then tripping up on her hobbling drawers and falling flat on her face, still
frantically frigging her hot cunt.

April, her father's hot come slowly slipping down her pretty face, first
inserted two fingers into her sticky hole, then three and finally four as the
ever encroaching lust wracked her slim frame. She grimly noticed throughout the
whole humiliating procedure, that young Wesley Harrison, and his father Carl
were staring transfixed at both her and her beautiful mother as they shamefully
panted and sobbed as they built themselves to climax after climax.

Young Felicity was overcome with raging pubescent desire as she rather
unskilfully squeezed and pulled at her hairless throbbing twat till she'd
achieved a kind of dry, wracking satisfaction.

It was only then that Grady allowed Elizabeth to lower her gown, and the three
girls to half hide their glowing and palpitating nakedness with their tattered
petticoats.  

There was another thick, embarrassed silence in the ballroom as Jeremy and his
family were then herded together and hustled out of the house and down to the
slave's quarters, contained in a little wooded copse by the side of the cotton
fields. The guests were dismissed back to their various stores and houses,
whilst the Morgan family spent an apprehensive night in probably the filthiest
hut, surrounded by their slaves glaring hatred at them.

They huddled together, each one calming and comforting the other as another
rushing red dawn tinged the mackerel sky with crimson.

What was going to become of them now?...


To be continued...




The following fiction is intended for ADULT AUDIENCES ONLY. Please read only
if you are legally considered of adult age, are not offended by extreme content,
and your community's standards permit such material.

(c) 2002 4Nick8... Rufdeal@aol.com

Chapter Three...

Captain Grady and his second in command Lt. Reagan had spent a very comfortable
night ensconced in the Morgan's main bedroom. They'd both taken advantage of the
Morgan's well-stocked wine cellar as they discussed their future strategy
regarding their hostages. Their military strategy had already been achieved;
that in capturing and holding the town and the one bridge that spanned the
river. The town had been surrounded and secured and all that remained now was
any commander's nightmare of keeping his young, fit and very able-bodied troops
entertained. The unfortunate Morgan family seemed to provide the obvious target.

"I'll have these slave owning crackers brought down an begging my bucks to
service them afore I'm through" spat Grady with gleeful malevolence. "Reagan. I
want the whole Morgan family dressed up in their finery and ready to roll. Get
the troops to roust all the good citizens and assemble them in the town square
at midday. I'm gonna give them a show they'll never forget."

Showing a renewed, salacious enthusiasm, Lt. Reagan despatched a small force of
troopers to facilitate this command. Then he took himself off to the slave's
quarters to roust the unfortunate Morgan family. What he found there was a very
frightened huddled group. Jeremy half-heartedly tried to impose some sort of
parental authority when Lt. Reagan walked into the shack, but was soon cut down
to size.

"If any of you disobey or refuse to do just as you're told, the boy or one of
your pretty daughters suffers. You'll all get dressed up in your classy clothes;
the ladies will wash and apply all your cosmetics, the little girls as well.
Daddy and the boy will dress as if you were attending church. You will all then
present yourselves at the front of the mansion at ten-o-clock, ready to go to
town!"'

The Morgan's were unsettled and disoriented by these enigmatic instructions, but
they reluctantly obeyed the lieutenant, Elizabeth and the girls cleaning up
their blotched, tear-stained faces and obediently applying delicate makeup to
their pretty features. Slade rudely interrupted them during these feminine
ablutions. He stalked into the bedroom where the four pretty females were
nervously soothing themselves in frightened little whispers, brandishing the
greasy parcel containing the South American goop.

"Right ladies!" he sneered at the frightened little group. "Skirts up and
bloomers down!"

Elizabeth looked at their plantation manager in appalled horror.

"S... Slade!" she stammered in a vain attempt to appeal to his sense of loyalty.
"Y... you c... can't mean it. These are my little girls you're talking about.
These are your mistresses. Y... you can't do this to us!"

"I've been given my instructions by the new masters now. As far as they're
concerned, you're now nothing but four white sluts. Now get those skirts and
petticoats up around your waists and pull down your drawers!"

Stunned by their ex-manager's brutal and treacherous attitude, the four pretty
girls gathered up their silk skirts and voluminous petticoats, and hoisted them
up around their waists. Elizabeth looked despairingly at her three daughters and
led by example. She undid the drawstrings of her bloomers and inserted her
thumbs into the waistband, pushing the silky material of her lacy French drawers
off her lower tummy and down to her knees. Elizabeth stood there in shamed
silence as each one of her pretty daughters followed her lead and freed their
bloomers and lowered them for Slade's leering approval. All four stood in front
of him displaying their bared slits ready for his invasive ministrations.

Slade lost no time, scooping up great slimy gobs of the foul stuff and prising
apart the trembling white thighs of each of the girls, starting with the
despairing mother.

"Uh... Ooooh... Nnnggggghhhhh... Ew..." sobbed Elizabeth in shame as Slade
unceremoniously thrust the slimy goop inside her gaping, hairy gash.

"Ooooh... Uh... uh... uh... Nnnggggghhhhh!" she gurgled as the effects of the
stuff immediately made itself apparent, burning into her womb with an all
pervading sexual urgency, and causing her to start to bob up and down into thin
air in a frustrated parody of the sexual act.

Slade repeated his rude treatment of Elizabeth with each of her three daughters,
roughly twisting his slimy fingers into each of the trembling girls as the tones
of their little squeals of protest turned from the shamed and indignant, to ones
of reluctant lust and desire. The four girls scrambled their bloomers up their
legs and settled their skirts back into place as the noxious substance did it's
worst.

Elizabeth turned to April as the gnawing at her vitals started to build to one
crescendo after another. Her daughter was obviously feeling the same effects as
she ineffectively plucked at her covering skirts. Elizabeth looked wildly round
at her other two daughters who were reacting in the same fashion as she gave a
little moan.

"Ooooh April darling!" she gushed as she threw herself into the outstretched
arms of her eldest daughter, urgently grinding her pulsating pubis into April's
bucking hips.

"Ooooh Mommy, Mommy, Mommy!" groaned April as she inserted her delicate little
high-heeled French shoe in between her mother's legs and frigged herself wildly
against her hot mother. April reached behind herself at Jennifer and Felicity's
urgent insistence, and plunged her fluttering hand deep into Jennifer's skirts.
Her mother obligingly did the same for young Felicity as the four girls swayed
together in a tortured sexual tango.

"Enough, enough!" snapped Slade, separating the hot, thoroughly humiliated and
jerking females as they twitched and shuddered with unnatural passion. "Out...
out into the carriage you hot little bitches. I warn you... That stuff's gonna
get a fucking sight more potent as the day goes along so I'd try an contain
yourselves!"

Jeremy tried his best to avert his eyes from his womenfolk's shame as they
scrambled onto the flatbed carriage that Lt. Reagan had provided for the
journey. Young Daniel however, couldn't seem to control his prurient interest in
his mother and three sister's noticeable sexual distress. April noted with some
anxious excitement, that her younger brother's tight trousers were showing
obvious sexual arousal. She ran her small white hands up and down the front of
her skirts, digging into her groin in a perverted kind of distressed lust as the
carriage wheeled around and started its journey into Morgan's Creek.

April's mother and two sisters were in the same kind of growing need as the
carriage jolted its dusty way into town.

Elizabeth looked guiltily at her husband and her young son as she desperately
tried to control herself. She had to grab her thin wrist with her other hand to
stop herself.

"Jeremy, Daniel. P... please try and turn away. You can't know the effects of
that horrid stuff that Slade forced into us. I... if you love me, please,
please... you'll turn away!" she begged desperately.

Jeremy immediately did as he was bidden, guiltily averting his eyes away from
his agitated and jerking womenfolk. Daniel on the other hand didn't. He was a
capricious little boy, taking after his mother's hot-blooded side of the family,
rather than the Morgan side. Over the years he had built up a resentment, being
patronised and treated as if he wasn't going to be the one who was going to
inherit the plantation one day, and now he allowed this resentment to creep to
the surface. Along with this antipathy, there was a young boy's natural sexual
curiosity and desire when constantly surrounded by such pretty females as his
mother and elder siblings.

Young Felicity didn't care. She hastily drew up her skirts and petticoats and
slid her drawers down off her palpitating tummy to reveal her bald slit to the
lad. She commenced rubbing herself frantically, not understanding what she was
doing, but just feeling the incredible itch to relieve herself.

Both Jennifer and April were far too modest and aware of his burning gaze.
However, they were only human and felt the same hot compulsion to masturbate
themselves urgently. Jennifer shyly but urgently slid her hand under her skirts
and, trying to use as much decorum as possible, frigged herself off with her
fingers working frenetically on the outside of her silk bloomers.

April, aware of her position as the eldest one of the siblings, half-turned away
from her father and little brother, and modestly allowed her hand to press hard
against her pudenda through the layered material of her skirts. This however
proved very unsatisfactory and in the end she had to emulate Jennifer.

Elizabeth, sobbing and crying in shame, followed the lead of her two eldest
daughters, surreptitiously flicking away at her hairy cunt through the thinness
of her silken French bloomers...

Thus the Morgan family proceeded into Morgan's Creek, muffled groans and little
shrieks coming from all the female members as they rubbed and diddled themselves
to no avail.

Finally, at eleven forty-five, they arrived at the town's main square, just
opposite the whorehouse of which Jeremy so disapproved, and hard up on the
town's stocks and whipping post of which he didn't.

The sobbing family noted that the surrounding Buffalo soldiers had rousted the
whole town out to witness their shame. Even Elizabeth's parents, Zebidiah and
Maria Wilson had been dragged along to observe the degradation of their beloved
daughter and grandchildren. 

April immediately saw that Wesley was there with his mother and father, Carl and
Susan Harrison, and she blushed to the roots of her hair as she felt an
impending sense of shame and humiliation creep over her. She averted her eyes
from everyone as they were herded like cattle to the whipping posts and the
stocks.

Another carriage pulled up and two black soldiers and their latest acquisition
Solomon got out. Solomon cast them a hate filled glare as Captain Grady and Lt.
Reagan dismounted from the carriage with them.

The two black troopers quickly hived off the three daughters and proceeded to
lock them into the upright stocks. They may have been described as upright
stocks, but in actual fact, all three girls found themselves bent over
uncomfortably as their heads and hands were secured into the medieval devices,
just allowing them enough play to raise their heads to witness what was going
on.

April saw with bitter rancour, that Madam Simone was leaning casually against
the doorjamb of her infamous hostelry, sneering unsympathetically at their
plight.

Captain Grady was whispering into Solomon's ear, and April saw the huge black's
eyes open wide with evil delight as Lt. Reagan went across to her hapless mother
and started to mutter some commends into her ear. Elizabeth's eyes opened wide
with alarm and fear as the lieutenant's muttered instructions became clear to
her.

"No... No... noooo!!!" she moaned as the full horror of what he was suggesting
unfolded itself to her understanding. "P... pleeeease don't make me... p...
pleeeease!"

"Don't forget that your three pretty daughters are ours to do what we want with
madam. You'll do as you're fucking told or the life of one of them will be
forfeit!" he ground out into her ear.

Shuddering with self-loathing, Elizabeth looked around at the huge crowd of
Morgan's Creek citizens who were there to witness her humiliation. She saw a few
eyes drop down in guilty shame, but the majority of the crowd watched her in
expectant silence.

Weeping, Elizabeth gathered up her skirts and petticoats and pulled them up her
trembling legs, up past her silken covered thighs, and finally held them up high
around her waist. Fumbling awkwardly with the tapes of her bloomers, Elizabeth
managed to untie them and allow her drawers to drop down to her knees,
completely exposing her hairy cunt and trembling bare bottom to the whole town.

There was a collective intake of breath as the onlookers took in the sight of
the wife of their leading citizen, standing there in front of them with her
weeping cunt on full display. Weeping was the only way to describe it, as the
delightful organ was visibly pulsating as a sticky, viscous fluid flooded out
from the raw, red gash. Elizabeth felt her shoulders heave with sobs as she
stood there in her utter shame. Dimly remembering Lt. Reagan's shameful
instructions, Elizabeth looked fearfully across at the smirking Solomon.

"S... Solomon!" she called in a tremulous voice. "C... could you please c...
come over h... here and f... f... f... ooooh!!!!" She broke into another bout of
shuddering sobs.

"From now on you'll refer to me as Massa!" the remarkably cultured voice of
Solomon cut in. "And I want you to beg me in the crudest words that you know,
you fucking high-class whore!"

Elizabeth looked about herself and the large gathering frantically. Seeing no
sympathetic eyes, she resigned herself to the unpleasant task.

M... Massa... Ooooh pleeeease!" gulped the degraded mother and lady. "I... I
want y... you to come over h... here and f... f... fuck my hairy cunt. I w...
want y... you to f... fill me up with y... your seed and m... make me p...
pregnant Massa!" Elizabeth finally managed.

The townsfolk just stood there in stunned silence. Elizabeth's restrained
daughters shook with crying, and her husband Jeremy grew beet red with rage and
frustrated anger, but young Daniel just watched with growing interest.

"No!" came the anguished cry from Zeb and Maria Wilson as they watched with
horror, their daughter's appalling humiliation. Unfazed, Solomon continued his
merciless taunting.

"Git your white ass over the hitching rail!" he ground out in icy fury. "I'm
gonna fuck your white brains out."

Elizabeth looked at the big black forlornly as she shuffled awkwardly across to
the hitching post in front of Madam Simone's whorehouse. Her expensive silken
French bloomers drooped downwards until they hung inside out from her knees and
down to the delicate Italian high-heeled shoes. The doomed woman draped herself
over the hitching post and one of the black soldiers grabbed her thin wrists and
secured them to her ankles, trapping the beautiful woman in a doubled over
position in front of the infamous brothel.

Madam Simone looked languidly down at the half naked plantation owner's wife as
the black soldier roughly pulled her legs wide apart, openly displaying her
tight little arsehole, and her gushing, sticky, hairy hole.

'Great' she thought with tight malice. 'It's sure gonna be some show this
fucking superior slut is gonna give us!" she mused in easy satisfaction as the
show was about to begin...


To be continued...




Chapter Four...



 Solomon looked at the awkwardly tethered white woman with unconcealed
satisfaction as he savagely tugged at the loose end of the thick leather belt
around his waist that held up the uniform trousers that had been supplied to
him, courtesy of the Army of the Northern United States. The pants dropped down
to his ankles, revealing his huge, dangling long black prick. A half excited
gasp rippled around the townspeople. They'd never seen anything as big and
animal-like as Solomon's slack genitals.

The hulking black man casually kicked his trousers to one side as he took his
cock in his hand and almost tenderly caressed it back and forth. The snake like
appendage immediately commenced to harden, the black veins standing out from the
shaft as they filled with blood. The menacing, blood-engorged prick continued to
grow as the now naked black man strolled over to the helpless white lady so
rudely displayed for everyone to see. He still gently stroked his massive weapon
as he approached her.

"What do you want you white bitch?" he sneered mockingly.

Elizabeth just silently sobbed as her body heaved with distress. Solomon was
having none of this...

"What you say boss?" he called across to Captain Grady. "Kill the little one?"

"Yeah!" came Grady's languid reply. "Reagan... Take her out...!"

Elizabeth's piercing scream cut into this monologue.

"NOOOOOOOO... Pleeeease!" she begged. "I'll be good. I'll do as I'm told...
Don't touch my baby... Don't touch my children... I'll do anything! I'll say
those horrid words the Captain asked me to say..." she babbled in frantic
desperation.

"And mean them?" demanded Solomon.

"And mean them... and mean them!!!" gibbered the doubled over and tethered
beauty, never for one minute thinking that she would mean them in the end.

"Right then. I asked you what you wanted you fucking cheap slut!" shouted
Solomon as he towered menacingly over the helpless, bent over female, her bare
white behind waving about in front of everybody as her body was wracked with
sobs.

April and the other two girls watched in horrified silence as their beautiful
mother was cruelly played with. They knew their turn was to come. Elizabeth's
maternal protectiveness flooded to the surface and she determined to continue.

"OOOOOOHHHHH... MMMMNNNGGG!!!!" came the hopeless moan from the quivering lips
of the trapped mother as her trembling, half-haltered legs rustled the silk
material of her inverted bloomers, and her raised skirts and petticoats slid a
little further down her back.

"MMMM... Massa!" she reluctantly began. "W... would you please put your
wonderful black p... prick inside my worthless white cunt and f... fuck me till
I scream. I k... know that I'm just a c... common white s... slut, and beneath
your attentions, but I want you to honour me by b... breeding my Massa's little
black baby in my womb!"

Elizabeth could have died from the shame of those words, but it was the general
text of what Captain Grady had instructed her to scream out. She also knew she
had to maintain this degrading diatribe throughout her subsequent rape.

A shocked silence greeted her muffled declarations. Was this the lady of the
manor that they all knew and respected? Was this the haughty beauty that
demanded and instilled such fawning, obedient deference from the good citizens
of Morgan's Creek? This babbling, half-naked whore whose swaying bare bottom and
gushing wet cunt was thrust up so invitingly to the insolent nigger who was
using her so dishonourably. Even given her enforced circumstances, surely no
true white lady would ever allow this disgrace to happen to her.

Solomon sneered in contempt as her aligned his majestic black tool against the
helpless, weeping slit of the former proud plantation owner's sobbing wife. With
one great tearing thrust, he rammed his black weapon deep inside Elizabeth's
unwilling, yet strangely willing and wet vagina, expanding her cervix and
battering against the tight opening of her womb.

In and out... In and out... In and out... Solomon went on and on and on,
unmercifully banging his hairy loins against the desperately weeping and
screaming woman's bare backside as he conducted the instinctive mating ritual as
old as time itself.

"NNNGGGHHH... NNNGGGHHH... UGH..." gagged Elizabeth, as she geared herself to go
on with her enforced self-denigration.

"Oh... Ugh... Uh... Uh... Uh... Uh..." Elizabeth fell into the natural, sexual
rhythm as her humiliation continued. Then, to her utter horror and
self-loathing, she found that her body was reluctantly responding to the awful
nigger's bestial rutting. She couldn't stop it. The feeling was overwhelming
her. It was too demanding.

"Mmmmm... Mmmmm... Mmmmm... Nnnggggghhhhh... Nnnggggghhhhh. Uh... Uh... Uh...
F... Fuck me... Fuck me... Fuck me... Ooooh fuck me good!" the inflamed mother
gasped. "Harder... Harder... Harder... Deep... Deep... Fuck my cunt Massa...
F... fuck me deeper Massa... Oh... Oh... Uh... Uh... Ugh..."

First one, then another of the gathered crowd started to cheer the rutting black
man on, till finally the whole mindless mob found themselves hooting and
cheering as their former first lady was debauched in front of their eyes.

Elizabeth was jerking and quivering violently as Solomon gushed and spurted his
rich semen into her willing belly. She felt it pulsing out in throbbing jerks as
she tightened and relaxed her cervix around his pulsating tool. Even when
Solomon ended his impregnation of the cowed lady, Elizabeth's cunt still itched
and ached for more, sending out little squirts of pee and juices as her
insatiable gash visibly pouted and distended like the mouth of a guppy out of
water.

"My God!" exclaimed Wesley's father Carl Harrison. "Just look at the bitch.
She's gagging for it. She can't get enough. Just look at her genitals. The
slut's still hot. You stay away from that family in future Wesley. They're
nothing but scum underneath. Imagine wanting nigger to do that again!"

Wesley nodded, but found he was stiff and aroused as never before in his short
lifetime. He was still looking surreptitiously at April and her two younger
sisters who were all wriggling and rubbing their legs together beneath the long
folds of their skirts and petticoats. As much as their mother's savage rape had
distressed them, the goop from South America was dutifully doing it's work,
burning up their insides and causing them all to seep out copious slimy
secretions from their aching slits. The girls were hot and ready.

April was fast losing complete control of her rebellious body as strange aches
and lusts were filling her mind as she watched her beloved mother being raped.
She wanted it too. She wanted to haul up her skirts in front of everyone. She
wanted to pull down her silk, French drawers and bare herself to the hooting,
jeering crowd. She wanted Solomon, or anyone, to plunge his huge prick deep into
her and fuck her till she begged and screamed. She wanted him to HURT her.

She found herself gasping and panting with desire as someone approached her from
behind and took the hem of her dress in their hands and started to pull her
skirts up to her waist. Both her younger sisters were also being subjected to
the same treatment as they moaned and panted with a strange mixture of
humiliation, fright, desire and unquenchable lust.

Whilst Reagan was untying their sobbing mother Elizabeth from the hitching rail,
and dragging her across to one of the whipping posts, her three daughters were
being denuded from the waist down.

April felt a strange pair of hands dragging her bloomers down to her knees,
wrinkling her silken stockings about her ankles. She got the humiliating shock
of her life when that person appeared in front of her. It was the boy she was so
fond of teasing, Wesley Harrison. His father Carl was berating him for showing
such a prurient interest in 'the whore's daughter.'

Jennifer didn't even have the dignity of the lowering of her clothing. Someone
just ripped and tore at her white cotton knickers, shredding them about her
trembling legs and ripping at her delicate silk stockings till they were lying
around her in tatters.

Felicity was wearing a new pair of French drawers with fragile lacy bottoms that
peeked saucily from the hem of her skirts as she walked. Another black soldier
merely hauled up her skirts and roughly tugged them down, beckoning peremptorily
at her brother Daniel to join him at Felicity's side. He'd seen the calculating,
lustful look that the boy had when he'd watched the degradation of the female
members of his family, and he thought he would use him to further shame them. He
ordered the boy to caress his sister's bare bottom.

"Daniel... Don't you dare touch me!" squeaked Felicity, squirming and wriggling
as the pretty little girl instantaneously figured out what the black soldier
intended. For this heated protest, Felicity immediately received a stinging blow
from a riding crop to her bare little globes that were helplessly thrust out for
all to see. The cutting blows continued till the screaming little girl finally
got the message.

"Ooooh... Ew... Arrrggghhh... P... p... p... pleeeease stop... I'll be a good
little girl... P... please stop... I'll let Daniel touch me t... there... Just
don't beat me anymore!" wailed the little girl. Strangely enough, when the
beating ceased, to be replaced by Daniel's hesitant little hand on her backside,
she felt a hollow sense of loss. She thrust her hot bare bottom urgently out
against Daniel's reverent hand.

Meanwhile, their mother Elizabeth had been re-tethered with her slim arms
upright above her head to the whipping post. Her bloomers were now down about
her ankles. They were pulled wide apart and secured that way to the two poles on
either side of the one she was tied to. Lt. Reagan then grasped the high collar
at the back of her dress, and proceeded to tear it down. With a hissing, ripping
sound, Elizabeth's fancy Italian dress parted and tore off down to the cinched
waistband at her slim waist. Elizabeth gasped with shame and pain as the
lieutenant rent her delicate chemise off and down her white, naked back. She
felt her bare tits spring free from her chemise as the front dropped away, her
large, rubbery nipples hardening in the midday air as they were revealed to
everybody.

Lt. Reagan didn't stop there. He slashed at Elizabeth's waistband with his
bayonet and then ripped her skirts and petticoats down and off her legs, leaving
the poor, sobbing mother practically naked for all to see. Elizabeth stood
stretched taut and weeping as the crowd grew silent as they gazed at her jerking
nude form, her bare tits, and her sticky, slimy, spunk matted cunt.

Captain Grady uncoiled a bullwhip and gazed with sadistic and malevolent
satisfaction at Elizabeth's helpless and as yet unmarked white back, her bare
bum sticking out invitingly. She waited with trepidation as her bare white
titties wobbled in the air. She felt faint as she sucked in deep whooshing
breaths.

CCCRRRAAACCCKKK...   

The vicious bullwhip whistled through the air and cut into Elizabeth's soft
white skin with a pain so acute she couldn't quite believe it at first. Then her
punished nerve endings finally communicated the shock to her brain and Elizabeth
let out a piercing, jagged scream of agony.

"NNNNAAARRRGGGGHHHHHEEEOOOOHHHH!" wailed the poor woman as her back sliced open
as if it had been cleanly cut with a razor blade. The crowd sucked in it's
collected breath as each of them felt a sympathetic transference of the pain
ghosting through them.

Elizabeth felt her bladder relax and she started pissing violently in front of
everybody. The yellow jets of pee shot out of the poor mother's abused cunt in
savage little spurts, pooling under her legs and soaking her lowered French
bloomers. The tail end of the spurts caught Elizabeth's quivering legs, running
down her white inner thighs and saturating her silk stockings. Just at that
moment, another vicious, excruciating blow laid her white back open in another
place.

Elizabeth wailed as she sprayed out yet another stream of hot pee. The crowd
howled and jeered as Elizabeth finally lost control of her bowels.

"NNNGGGHHH... NNNGGGHHH... OOOOH GODDDDD!" gasped Elizabeth as she completely
lost it.

To her utter self-disgust, Elizabeth Morgan moaned and grunted as the first of a
series of hot foul turds started to emerge involuntarily from her distended
sphincter, dangling momentarily before being squeezed off and plopping down
inside her wet drawers in a disgusting, growing heap.

Not giving the plantation owner's wife time to gather her thoughts, Captain
Grady smashed three more cutting stripes across her arching back, laying it open
each time and bringing the blood gushing out of each wound. Elizabeth continued
to screech and howl as the savage punishment went on. Her bodily functions also
continued, her gaping cunt jetting out wild, spiralling streams of piss, and her
twitching arsehole defecating uncontrollably, each slimy brown log crackling and
enlarging as they emerged from Elizabeth's aching anus.

April, Jennifer and Felicity watched all this with sickened horror as they
themselves were being sexually interfered with, the ignominy of their own shame
temporarily shelved by the greater abasement of their beautiful mother.

April now had Wesley's excited fat dick poking futilely around the deep crack of
her bare bottom, stabbing and slipping all over the place as the virgin lad
tried to engage her arsehole in sexual congress.

Jennifer had been wailing but panting excitedly as well, as she was being
thoroughly screwed by one after another of the black Buffalo Soldiers who were
queuing up to each take their turns with the excited cunt of the young teenager.

Felicity also had been mewling with pain and pleasure as her little brother,
with the encouragement and urging of the gleeful black soldiers, had now
stripped the top of her dress down to her waist and was furiously rubbing her
bare, flat chest as he presented one after another black cock to the entrance of
his sister's dripping little slit. Each soldier shot copious streams of hot
sperm deep inside the pretty little girl's womb as her brother felt his own
little prick harden inside his pants as he witnessed this outrageous treatment
of his mother and three sisters.

Jeremy Morgan, the once powerful king of all he surveyed, wept in shame and pity
as his family were debauched and violated in front of his anguished eyes.

He looked on in utter disbelief as his father-in-law, the very right and proper
Zebidiah Wilson, was now dragged out front and centre. The forty-eight year old
patriarch was straightened up in front of the crowd, and his trousers were
unbuttoned and hauled down to his thin ankles, along with his long-johns. Zeb
stood helplessly in front of his sobbing daughter as his semi-hard dick reared
up in unbidden lust at the sight of his sobbing and injured daughters plight. He
could neither stop nor control it as his dick stood out in the open air.

Captain Grady had tethered Elizabeth higher now, turning her around to face her
three sobbing daughters secured ignominiously in the stocks. She winced in pain
as her flailed back came into rough contact with the crude whipping post. Her
captor then hauled her up till she was barely making contact with the ground
with the pointed toes of her delicate Italian shoes. Elizabeth felt a rush of
masochistic lust flood through her as she was so disgracefully exposed to the
baying mob and her own father.

"Fuck her old man!" commanded the panting Captain Grady. "Fuck your lovely
daughter's hairy cunt now. Do it in front of everyone. Show them all what you
southern crackers are like, fornicating mother-fuckers, or on your case,
daughter-fuckers!"

"N... No!!!" quavered the old man in shaky defiance. "No I won't"

One crack of the bullwhip about the clothed back of his wife Maria soon informed
the old man otherwise. He saw Maria's tight dress flayed wide open and the blood
immediately emerging from the gaping rip. The proper and moralistic man shuffled
over to his weeping, tethered daughter and he gently stroked her shivering bare
body as he tried to take the pain away.

"I'm sorry darling!" he whispered with a muffled, shameful apology in
Elizabeth's ear as he gently positioned himself in front of her shivering nude
frame.

"I... I can't allow them to punish your mother!" he gasped, inserting the tip of
his burgeoning penis inside the hot crack of his daughter's slick and now
willing cunt, and heaving up as his hard dick slid easily up into the slimy hot
hole.

Nnnggggghhhhh... T... that's all right Daddy!" moaned his distraught daughter as
she arched her back and thrust her pelvis out to accommodate her father's
throbbing dick. "J... just h... hug me like you used to when I was a little
girl. D... don't think about this!"

Unfortunately for Elizabeth, the insidious goop that was packed deep into her
womb, was once again starting to send her out of her rational mind. All the
pain.... All the humiliation, and all the shameful, filthy things they'd
enforced upon her, now combined and sent a frightening stab of pure lust and
pleasure singing around her insides and causing the poor woman to lose it once
again.

"Uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... Ooooh Daddy!" she screamed out for everyone to
hear. "D... don't stop Daddy... F... Fuck me... Fuck me... Fuck me... F... Fuck
your loving daughter!"

The hoots and the jeers from the onlookers grew more and more raucous and
louder, as Elizabeth's drooling red lips descended possessively down onto Zeb's,
and she openly French kissed her father. Elizabeth, now almost out of her mind
with lust and desire, thrust her tongue deep down into her father's mouth,
sucking and salivating into it as Zebidiah fucked up deep inside his daughter's
oozing hole. She paid no mind to the stabs of agony that wracked her naked body
as her father hugged around her blood stained back. In fact, the streaking pain
that convulsed her seemed to add to the ungodly incestuous, and very public act
that Elizabeth and Zeb were engaged in. Elizabeth's insides seemed to melt as
she felt her Daddy shooting his forbidden seed deep inside her willing cunt.

"Fuck... Fuck... Fuck... Fuck... H... H... H... Hurt meeeeeeee..." squealed
Elizabeth as she jerked and twitched in frenzy and despair about her father's
now wilting member. She brought her nether regions closer to her father's
spurting prick in a desperate attempt to milk him of all his seed.

"D... Don't stop... Don't stop Daddy... Fuck me... FUCK MEEEEEE... Hurt me...
Bite me... Whip me... make me pregnant..." the young mother half screamed, her
mind now a jumble of desires and masochistic lusts she never knew she possessed.

A momentary silence descended as the good citizens of Morgan's Creek digested
these shocking words. Then that catcalls and jeers grew louder as they started
to realise what a complete slut Elizabeth was turning into.

April and her two sisters were now as equally possessed by the demonic and
inexplicable demeaning urge for self-degradation as their mother was. April even
found herself reluctantly envying her mother's shameful humiliation in being
forced to pee and poop in front of everyone. Even the hateful assault her
beloved granddaddy was forced to perform upon her mother seemed sinfully right
and exciting. Some of their mother's shame was soon put into practice upon the
girls...

Wesley, who'd finally got his cock into April's dilating arsehole, was roughly
pulled off the gasping beauty. April screamed in protest but was ignored. Her
two younger sisters were also uncoupled from their rapists, Jennifer just kind
of squeaking and demurring, and young Felicity still wondering what was
happening to make her like this, she'd now actually been fucked by her several
black soldiers and younger brother Daniel on the terse orders of the black
soldiers. Daniel had tried his best, poking and prodding his semi-hard little
dick ineffectually around Felicity's gushing and weeping genitals in a futile
attempt to emulate the efforts of the black rapists. The little girl was now
bare-assed naked and weeping softly, her pretty clothes now shredded and strewn
all around her feet and her skinny, and just budding little-girl's body shaking
with mortification.

Neither Captain Grady nor Lieutenant Reagan had the sophistication or the sexual
knowledge to comprehend the complex workings of the abused family's collective
minds, and what they had done to bring about this perverse reaction. All they
knew was the town's leading citizens had been brought low, and appeared to be
glorying in their own shame. This suited their evil purposes entirely.

Reagan and Grady roughly pulled apart the trembling legs of the three girls.
When they were satisfied that the tight little arseholes and gaping cunts of the
three unfortunate hostages were on full display to the onlookers, Captain Grady
spoke up.

"Let's show everyone what filth these slave owners are. Your lovely mother's led
the way, the father-fucking bitch, now I want the three of you to emulate her. I
want you to piss and shit right here in front of everybody, for everyone to see
what filthy little bitches you are. If you shit nicely, I may spare you the
flogging your mother got!"

Felicity, being the youngest and most frightened, immediately obeyed him. To the
sadistic delight of most of the mindless mob, Felicity started to grunt and
pant, forcing out the first turd from her straining little arsehole as her cunt
sprayed out a flood of pee that flooded the dry ground beneath her feet.

Jennifer was almost as prompt as her younger sister, her sobbing breath giving a
kind of sigh of despair as she shifted her wide-open legs slightly and allowed
herself to relax her bowels and bladder. A large brown log crackled out of her
dilating sphincter as her aching slit sprayed pee down her inner thighs, soaking
her drawers and silk stockings that were caught about her ankles.

April, being the eldest and the most arrogant, tried to hold out. She was
utterly mortified that these two beasts were intent on absolutely humiliating
her in front of everybody she'd always been taught were her inferiors. In the
end though her iron will cracked, encouraged somewhat by the vicious crack of
the bullwhip whistling in the air just by her right ear.

Weeping uncontrollably, and closing her eyes tightly to shut out the sight of
Wesley sliding around to her rear to get a better view, April finally allowed
her bladder and bowels to relax. There was an awed silence as the shuddering
girl released a series of small gushes from her hot slit. These powerful little
cataracts were then followed by the slow distension of April's sphincter as a
slimy brown turd started to emerge. The little cascades now built up into a fast
flowing stream as log after disgusting log oozed out of her bowels and dropped
flatly on April's lowered drawers. It was only after her public ablutions were
finally finished that the mob broke into a cacophony of hoots and jeers. April
just stood there, immobile with shame.

All the while that the girls were being made to urinate and defecate for the
amusement of the crowd, Lt. Reagan had been heating up the forge in the
blacksmiths next to the saloon. He had two or three ominous looking branding
irons sticking out of the white-hot coals.

He withdrew one of the branding irons from the forge, and swiftly approached the
trembling Elizabeth with it. Solomon, as if by some unspoken agreement, suddenly
spun Elizabeth's naked body around, and had her half bend over. Lt. Reagan
rapidly applied the white-hot iron to the poor mother's bare rump, branding her
forever with the shameful sign of her new status...

'WHORE'

Elizabeth shrieked in absolute agony as he went swiftly back to the forge,
withdrew another iron, and repeated the performance on first Felicity, then
April and finally Jennifer. All the females of the Morgan family now bore the
dishonourable brand of 'WHORE' on their bare buttocks for all eternity.

Whilst Reagan released the wailing girls from the stocks, and their equally
distressed mother from the whipping post, Grady led Jeremy and Daniel to the
sheriffs office, and had them locked in one of the poky cells next to the town's
drunks and other riff-raff. He then walked back across the street, nodding in
silent understanding at Madam Simone, and ushered the four weeping and
snivelling females into the ornate doors of the brothel.

Madam Simone heaved herself away from the doorjamb she was witnessing the
humiliation of the Morgan females from, and she followed them into the tawdry
whorehouse.

It had been quite an afternoon...



To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  4Nick8


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





