BDSM Library - Fantasia: Collection Of Viddler's Stories




Fantasia: Collection Of Viddler's Stories
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The stories by V.P. Viddler. As a master of the story-by- dialogue, the author presents readers with a series of women who enjoy the terrible pain inflicted by men. Stories are very well written, technically speaking.
                               BONNIE SWEET ROBIN
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Your assignment for tomorrow is to bring me a picture of yourself
naked."

      "Oh god."

      "You own a polaroid camera, I assume."

      "I... Yes..."

      "Good. You will..."

      "Oh, you bastard."

      "You will take a photograph of yourself, full length, frontal view. You
will wear nothing. Nothing at all. And nothing is to be hidden. Your hands will
be at your sides. Is that understood?"

      "So you can jerk off over it, I suppose."

      "Robin."

      "I'm... I'm sorry."

      "I don't like sarcastic remarks, Robin."

      "I... I apologize. I'm sorry. I'm very... sorry..."

      "Now tell me what you will do tonight."

      "I will -- I will take a picture of myself."

      "How, Robin?"

      "Naked."

      "Go on."

      "Full length, frontal view. Nothing hidden. Hands... by my sides."

      "And tomorrow?"

      "I will give it to you."

      "And... what else will you give me, Robin?"

      "You... anything."

      "Say it louder."

      "Anything. Anything you want."

      "Good. Would you like to suck my cock?"

      "Oh god..."

      "Answer me, Robin."

      "No."

      "But you will. Won't you?"

      "Yes."

      "Tell me all about it."

      "Yes. I will suck your cock. I will fuck for you. I will strip naked and
crawl for you that way. I will prostrate my body and spread my legs and beg you
for it..."

                                       *

      "Do you know what I want most in the world, Robin?"

      "Yes. My body."

      "Even more than that."

      "More than my body? More than fucking me?"

      "More."

      "What could that be?"

      "To hear you scream."

      "Oh."

      "Yes."

      "Not in ecstasy, I assume."

      "No. Not in ecstasy. In pain. In agony."

      "Ah."

      "And if you were screaming like that WHILE I was fucking you..."

      "You'd be in heaven."

      "I would. With my cock inside you while you writhed in pain..."

      "My aching body squirming under you..."

      "Stretched out, straining at your bonds..."

      "Spasming, twisting, bucking against the ropes..."

      "Howling and crying in torment..."

      "While you fucked my helpless body..."

      "Looking into your eyes all the while."

      "Why would I be in such pain?"

      "From my whip."

      "Ah."

      "All over you."

      "Of course."

      "And from the burns."

      "Burns?"

      "On your nipples. From my cigar."

      "Oh."

      "And the bruises on your flesh. From..."

      "Don't say any more."

      "Screaming. Screaming in my ear while I fuck you. Fuck you."

      "God. Oh god. Please..."

      "Crawl for me, Robin. Strip naked and crawl for me that way."

      "All right. All right. I will. I'll give you my body. My mouth. I obey
you..."

                                       *

      "Don't give me to him," she said. "For god's sake, not him. Anything
else... anyone else, I -- I'll do it. But please, oh please..."

      "Shut up," I said, and I loved the tears that came to her eyes. "And call
him."

      So she did, and when he came in, I said, "Jim, you like Robin, don't
you?"

      JIm was grinning like an idiot, and she was shaking. My cock was hard.

      "Robin," I said, "tell Jim what you are going to do for him."

      Her body was shaking and she looked at the floor, but she said it. Her
horror at the thought of what would happen to her if she didn't was stronger
than her disgust and nausea toward this man -- and toward what I was forcing
her to do. Her hesitation thrilled me. She spoke softly at first, until I told
her to speak louder.

      "I..." She couldn't get it out. She had to swallow hard and start again.
"I am going to... fuck for you." Using the words as I had given them to her,
word for word. "I -- am... going to give you my body. You can fuck it all. I am
nothing but your plaything, your toy, your obedient slave. Use my body. Fuck me
in the cunt, in my ass, and in my mouth. Stick... stick your big cock all the
way down my throat and make me swallow all your gism. Or shoot it into my face,
all over my hair and eyes and up my nose and on my lips and wherever you fancy.
My... my luscious body is yours to do with as you will."

      "Robin," I said. "Tell him what you have on under your dress."

      Robin gulped. She looked at me for mercy, but saw none.

      "N-n-n... nothing," she whispered.

      "Go on," I said.

      "I am naked under my dress," Robin got out. "I will... I will... take it
off for you whenever you say."

      "Show him your legs," I said.

      Robin's hands shook, but she took hold of the bottom of her skirt and
slowly, slowly, pulled it up.

      "These are my legs," she whispered. "They are long and curvy, and I will
wrap them tightly around your body while you fuck me. Look at my long sexy
legs, and... think about having me under you, squirming and twisting and
writhing and bucking and thrashing."

      "Now, Robin," I said. "All of it."

      And she started to cry. She sobbed and sobbed as she said it all,
chokingly. "Make me do what you want, my master. Make me strip naked and crawl
for you that way. Make me grovel and debase myself. And... if it gives you
pleasure... h-h-h-hurt my body. Whip me all over if you wish. Lash my legs.
Whip my breasts. Beat me until I scream and cry and howl and shriek and beg you
to stop... but -- but you won't stop. H-hurt me in all ways. Burn me. Scorch my
flesh. Burn my nipples. Torture me and play with my bruised and aching body and
fuck my screaming mouth and my burning legs and my squirming pain-filled cunt."

      "Jesus H. Christ," Jim said. "Kiss me, girl. Kiss me on the mouth and
take your damn clothes off too."

      Sobbing, shaking, hating it all, Robin did what he said...

                                       *

      "I am going to whip you, Robin."

      "I know."

      "I am going to whip you very hard and very long. All of you."

      "I know."

      "Are you frightened, Robin?"

      "Yes. I am."

      "Good. I am glad. Would you like to beg me not to whip you?"

      "I -- would it do any good?"

      "No. But you might want to try, anyway. Just on the off chance."

      "No."

      "Ah. Proud. I have wanted to whip you for a long time, Robin."

      "I know."

      "And today I finally shall. As much as I want, Robin. What do you think
about that?"

      "I told you. I'm frightened. That's what you want, isn't it?"

      "Partly. Only partly. I also want you to be humiliated. Utterly. Which
I'm sure you are. Or soon will be. Isn't that right, Robin?"

      "You bastard."

      "Bravado. How titillating. On your knees, Robin."

      "I --"

      "Robin. I think you are aware of what the situation is here. I will not
abide hesitation. I am willing to accept a bit of initial bravado, insult,
haughtiness -- if only because it will make it that much more satisfying in the
end. But I will not accept outright disobedience. Or stalling. Do I make myself
clear, Miss Robin?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes, what?"

      "Yes -- sir."

      "Good. Get on your knees."

      "All right."

      "That's fine. And now. I want to know the color of your nipples. So that
I can envision the whip slicing into them. Cutting them open. Splitting them in
half. As you scream at the top of your lungs. Music, Robin. I am going to make
such music with you. The whip will be my bow, and your soft young naked body
the instrument upon which I shall produce a continuous music far more
stimulating than that of Bach, Mozart, or Beethoven. How I look forward to
hearing that melody of agony issuing from your straining throat, your distended
mouth. How I have fantasized watching your naked voluptuous body flailing and
twisting vainly under the whip. Your fabulous legs kicking helplessly in pain.
Your long yellow hair flying abandonedly in the air as your head whips about in
torment. Why, Robin, you've turned pale. And I do believe you're shaking. What
a pity."

      "Oh, you are a bastard. You love this, don't you?"

      "But of course. I do, naturally. Having you on your knees in front of me.
Knowing you're so frightened you can hardly keep from pissing in your pants.
Knowing I'm going to see that body naked in a minute. Knowing I'm going to kiss
it all over with my whip. Kiss it for such a long time. With my whip. And
afterwards with my mouth. And with my cock. You know I'm going to fuck you,
don't you, Robin?"

      "I -- yes."

      "And you can't stand it, can you?"

      "I --"

      "Ah. How sweet it is. And now for my question, Robin. What color are your
nipples?"

      "You filth."

      "Robin. You will howl for that. You will scream and howl and beg. Beg.
While I'm fucking you. I promise you. Do you understand me?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes?"

      "Sir."

      "Say it."

      "Yes, sir. Yes, sir."

      "What color are your nipples?"

      "Pink. All right? They're pink."

      "Pink. That's nice. Are you humiliated, Robin?"

      "Yes."

      "Are you degraded, debased, shamed?"

      "What do you think?"

      "I think, Robin, it is time for you to take your clothes off. I think you
will stand up, right now, and strip for me. Right in front of me. Strip naked.
Show me your pink nipples and your beautiful curving thighs and your stomach
and ass and the hair on your pussy."

      "What if I say no?"

      "Ah. Robin. If you say no, I will be happy to assist you. I will hang you
up from the ceiling by your yellow pony tail, and I will bind your hands behind
you, and I will pull you up until yo cannot touch the floor. And I will take
your clothes off you myself. With my whip. And when I have cut your clothing
completely away, I shall start to whip you. I shall whip you without stopping
for a full hour. I shall whip that fantastic body to ribbons. I shall whip your
breasts for fifteen minutes, your legs for another quarter hour, your back and
ass for thirty minutes. And your stomach in between. And I will watch and
listen with great avidity as you scream and thrash and yowl and kick.
Helplessly. Futilely. And finally I shall cut you down and fuck your
agony-filled, ruined body. Fuck you in cunt and ass and mouth until I am
drained. And I will watch you crawl for me as I call my friends in to do what
they want with you. Crawl. And now crawl to me, Robin. Crawl naked to me and
put your mouth in my crotch and cry all you want. Bonnie sweet Robin..."

                                       *

      "These are my friends, Robin."

      "Oh my god... no... no..."

      "Take off your blouse and run around the room for us, Robin."

      "Please let me go."

      "The boys want to see your tits bounce when you run around the room. I've
told them what a stimulating sight it is."

      "For god's sake..."

      "Take off the blouse. Right now."

      "I'll do anything..."

      "You'll do it anyway. Run for us."

      "All right. Don't... don't hurt me."

      "Look, boys. Look at her tits bouncing."

      "I hate you."

      "Don't talk, run. Faster. Get all out of breath, so we can shove our
cocks down your panting mouth."

      "Ohh... god..."

      "Faster, bitch. Let's see that ass pumping."

      "Why... are you... doing this..."

      "To see you suffer. To degrade you. To watch you cry."

      "Ahh... ahh..."

      "Don't slow down."

      "I can't... keep going..."

      "I'll whip you if you slow down. On your tits. Harder than last time."

      "Uhh... Uhh... Uhh..."

      "Cry, Robin. Struggle, Robin. Run! Run!"

      "Unhh... Aaahhh... I can't... oh god... I caaa..."

      "Stick your cocks in her. Shove your cock in her mouth. Now!"

      "Aagghh... Aauugghhh..."

      "Rape her. Rape Robin. Robin raped."

      "Uh... Uh... Uh..."

      "Up her ass. Up her cunt. Into her throat. Don't let her catch her
breath. Let her suffer. Hurt!"

      "A... A... AGGGHHH..."

      "Whip you now. One. Again. Two. Your tits. Three. Four. Five. Hard. So
hard. Six. Hurt you. Seven. God. I love it. Eight... yes...

      "Bonnie...

      "Sweet...

      "Robin..."




                                CINDY'S BARGAIN
                                by J.P. Viddler
                             na117711@anon.penet.fi

      Arnold stood up as Cindy came into his office.

      "What can I do for you, Cindy?" Arnold said.

      "I'd like to talk to you for a minute, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "Okay," Arnold said. "What's it about?"

      "I don't want you to fire my husband," Cindy said.

      "I don't think I can do anything else," Arthur said. "I'm sorry, but --"

      "I thought maybe I could talk you out of it," Cindy said.

      "What makes you think that?" Arnod said.

      "I thought that if you could do this for me, I could do something for
you," Cindy said.

      "Oh?" Arnold said. "What did you have in mind?"

      "This," Cindy said, and she came up against him, pressing her body
against him, all of her pressing into him, melting against his body from
shoulders to knees. "This is what I had in mind," Cindy said, and she brought
her mouth to his and kissed him, hard, mouth opening, lips soft and pliant and
hungry against him, her tongue moving boldly but sensuously into his mouth,
searching, probing, moving slowly against his tongue, around in his mouth, lips
clinging, her arms tight around him, panting now into his mouth, body squirming
against him, kissing him for a long time. At last she broke the kiss, slowly,
but held her body against his. Arnold had an erection, and he knew Cindy could
feel it probing at her body.

      "That's very persuasive," Arnold said.

      "Yes," Cindy said. "I can tell that it is." And she moved her torso
against his hardness, her body sliding slowly, teasingly from side to side,
pushing against it. "You want me," Cindy said. "Don't you, Arnold? You want my
body."

      "Of course," Arnold said. "Of course I do. And if I don't fire Arthur --"

      "It's yours," Cindy said, still sliding her lower body against him, still
pressing her breasts hard into his chest, still brushing his thighs with her
soft smooth thighs. "Anything," Cindy said. "Anything you want, Arnold.
Anything."

      "Anything?" Arnold said.

      "Anything," Cindy said. "Anything at all."

      "That's good," Arnold said. "Because I have something in mind also."

      "What is it?" Cindy said.

      Arnold gently but firmly pushed Cindy away, until she was at arm's
length. "This," Arnold said, and hit her with his open hand across the face,
very hard, producing a loud cracking sound and causing Cindy to stumble
backward across the room, almnost falling before awkwardly regaining her
balance. A sharp cry of astonishment and pain came from her throat. She stood
staring at him, one hand to her face, her eyes wide.

      "I had that in mind," Arnold said. "How about it, Cindy?"

      Cindy only looked at him for a long moment. Then she spoke. "If that's
what it takes," Cindy said.

      "Well," Arnold said. "We might be able to make a bargain after all."

      "That's what I thought," Cindy said.

      "You have a great body, Cindy," Arnold said.

      "I know," Cindy said.

      "Your breasts are amazing," Arnold said. "The way they stand up and out,
all round and firm and sexy-looking."

      "Do you want to see them, Arnold?" Cindy said.

      "Yes," Arnold said. "But I'll tell you when, Cindy."

      "All right," Cindy said.

      "And your legs are fabulously sensuous," Arnold said.

      "I know," Cindy said. "Think about having them wrapped around you,
Arnold."

      "I do," Arnold said. "I think about a lot of things. Your mouth, for
instance."

      "I'm awfully good with my mouth," Cindy said.

      "I'll just bet you are," Arnold said. "I know you can kiss with it. I'll
bet you can suck with it."

      "I can suck your brains out with it," Cindy said.

      "And," Arnold said, "I'll bet you can scream with it, too."

      Cindy took a breath.

      "If that's what you want," Cindy said. "I'm sure I can do that to your
satisfaction as well."

      "Come here, Cindy," Arnold said. "Come here and kiss me again."

      Cindy walked up to him slowly, and again pressed her body hard against
his, breasts mashing on his chest, thighs rubbing his, torso pushing into his
hard-on, which swiftly began to grow again. Again her mouth was on his, open
and moving, and her tongue was in his mouth, probing, caressing, stroking.
Arnold kissed her back, passionately, with one arm around her waist, holding
her against him. His other hand was in her hair, which was black and straight
and hung almost to her shoulders. Cindy moaned softly into Arnold's mouth as
her tongue reached for his throat, with her breasts flattening still harder
against him with every panting breath. Arnold clutched a handful of Cindy's
hair in his hand and closed it into a fist, pulling her hair sharply while
holding her mouth against his. Cindy's moans got louder, and soon became sounds
of pain as well as passion. Still kissing her, Arnold twisted his fist
deliberately, as though trying to pull Cindy's hair out of her scalp. Cindy was
groaning now, groaning and gasping into Arnold's mouth. Arnold held her as she
was. Cindy pulled her tongue away, and Arnold thrust his into that gasping,
moaning mouth, mashing her lips, holding her body hard against him. Cindy's
body was writhing in a new way, writhing with pain, and tears fell from her
eyes. But she did not attempt to pull away from him.

      At last Arnold broke the kiss and stepped back from her; but his hand was
still in Cindy's hair, although his grip had loosened a bit. Cindy was gasping
and panting hard, and tears were rolling coninuously down her face.

      "That's nice, Cindy," Arnold said. "That's very nice. I enjoy kissing you
that way."

      Cindy said nothing, but her tear-filled eyes met his without dropping.

      Arnold took his hand away. "On your knees, Cindy," Arnold said.

      Cindy stood motionless. "I take it," Cindy said, "we have a deal."

      Arthur hit her across the face again.

      Cindy rocked, but did not move this time. "Don't touch me again, Arnold,"
Cindy said. "Not until you answer my question."

      "Provided you go through with your part, Cindy. Until I'm finished with
you."

      "I will," Cindy said.

      "Then we have a deal," Arnold said.

      "All right," Cindy said. And she sank down to her knees in front of him.

      Arnold stepped closer, until Cindy's face was almost touching his crotch.
His hard-on was bulging through his trousers. "Suck it, Cindy," Arnold said.
"Suck it right through the cloth."

      Cindy did as he said, putting her mouth over the lump in his pants,
taking it in as best she could. Arnold felt her lips rubbing him, her tongue
licking at him through the cloth. He watched her mouthing that stiff
protuberance.

      "That's good," Arnold said. "You can stop now."

      Cindy looked up at him. "Shall I take it out, Arnold?" Cindy said.

      "No," Arnold said. "Stand up."

      Cindy stood. "Wouldn't you like me to take my clothes off, Arnold?" Cindy
said. "Don't you want to see me naked?"

      "Do you want me to hit you again?" Arnold said.

      "Not particularly," Cindy said.

      "Then shut up," Arnold said. "I'll tell you what I want to see."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "What I want to see right now," Arnold said, "is your legs. I always
admired your legs, Cindy."

      "I know," Cindy said.

      "I want to see all of them," Arnold said. "Pull your skirt up, Cindy. All
the way. Pull it up around your waist."

      "All right," Cindy said. She took hold of her skirt, which hung just
below her knees, showing sinuous, intricately curving calves, and slowly,
provocatively, pulled it up. Up over her knees, up, baring her thighs to him,
baring them gradually, the sensuous, smooth white shapely enticing nakedness of
her thighs, pulling it higher, higher, baring all of her thighs, all of her
legs, pulling it up, up, past her hips, up around her waist. Holding it there.
Revealing her brief white panties. And her long, luscious, sensuously
voluptuous legs.

      Arnold looked at Cindy's legs for a long time.

      "Turn around," Arnold said finally. "Slowly. All the way around."

      And Cindy did. Arnold watched the delicate sensuous play of muscle in
Cindy's thighs, the sinuous rippling of flesh as Cindy's legs moved, not taking
his gaze away from them until Cindy was facing him again.

      "You do like them, don't you, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "I do," Arnold said. "I'm looking forward to having them wrapped around
my waist."

      "Just say the word, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "Oh, I will," Arnold said. "But there's something else I want to do to
them first."

      "What's that?" Cindy said.

      "Whip the shit out of them," Arnold said.

      "Oh," Cindy said.

      "Don't drop your skirt, Cindy," Arnold said. "Just keep holding it just
as it is."

      Cindy stood, holding the skirt around her waist. With deliberate
slowness, Arnold unbuckled his belt. Then Arnold pulled it from around his
waist, sliding it out of the loops of the pants. It was a thick brown leather
strap. Cindy, watching him, said nothing. Arnold wrapped the belt around his
hand twice, holding it by the buckle, and let it swing from his hand, finding
just the length he wanted.

      "Bend over my desk, Cindy," Arnold said. "Don't let your skirt go. Hold
it where it is, but just turn around and bend forward over my desk."

      Cindy stood still for a moment. Then she turned and moved slowly to
Arnold's desk, and bent over it.

      "All the way, Cindy," Arnold said. "All the way down."

      Cindy, holding her skirt in front of her, bent sharply forward, until her
face rested on Arnold's desk. her panty-covered rear thrust up and out, and her
tawny-skinned thighs were taut and straining. Arnold took in the sight of her
long, bare, curvaceous legs.

      "That's good, Cindy," Arnold said. "That's just lovely. Don't move now."
And Arnold swung his belt swiftly up and back, and then brought it down with
all the strength of his arm across the tight skin of Cindy's upper thigh. It
made a sharp cracking sound. Cindy's body jumped, and a loud cry came from her
mouth.

      Arnold was smiling. "Did that hurt, Cindy?" Arnold said.

      "Christ!" Cindy said. "Yes. It hurt like hell."

      "That's good," Arnold said. "Stay right there, Cindy." And he hit her
again, just above her knee joint.

      "Oh, Christ! Jesus! Cindy yelped. "Damn it, Arnold --"

      "What, Cindy?" Arnold said. "Is something wrong?"

      "No," Cindy said after a pause. "No, Arnold."

      "Good," Arnold said, and swung the strap again, hitting Cindy halfway
down those voluptuous thighs. Cindy cried out loudly, twisting on the desk, but
said nothing. "I love this," Arnold said, and he whipped Cindy's straining
thighs again, and then again, and again, lashing the strap across the reddening
flesh, as Cindy yelled and gasped, squirming and rolling on the hard unyielding
surface of Arnold's desk.

      Cindy's thighs were now striped with the marks of Arnold's whipping.
Arnold paused to take in that luscious sight.

      "Arnold," Cindy said, gasping and panting. "You'll make me scream. I'm
going to scream if you don't stop."

      "Good," Arnold said.

      "But -- but they'll hear -- outside --"

      "I don't care," Arnold said. "Do you care, Cindy?"

      "I -- I --" Cindy said.

      "Pull your pants down for me, Cindy," Arthur said. "So I can hit your
ass."

      "Oh, god," Cindy said. But she brought her hands to the waistband of her
panties and slid them down her hips, baring her round, firm bottom, sticking up
provocatively in her bent position.

      Arnold lashed his belt down across it. As hard as he could. Once. Twice.
Three times. Four.

      Cindy screamed.

      "Good," Arnold said. "Now they know"

      Cindy was moaning.

      "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "You can stand up now."

      Cindy slowly stood, unsteadily, turning to face him, still holding her
skirt around her waist, with her panties still clinging halfway down her
thighs.

      "You can strip for me now," Arnold said. "You wanted to show me your
body, Cindy. Now's your chance. Do it slowly, Cindy."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. She was still breathing hard, still
swaying slightly on her pain-wracked legs. But she still stood proudly, almost
defiantly, watching Arnold's avid gaze as she began to take off her clothing
for him. First she discarded her skirt, opening it and letting it drop, and
swiftly slid the panties down her legs. Although Arnold had now already seen
all that was thus revealed, Cindy in just a blouse, naked below the waist, was
a fabulously erotic sight. And Cindy knew it. Turning slowly before him, Cindy
smiled slightly at his rapt attention.

      Now Cindy's hands rose to the buttons on her blouse. "I'm not wearing a
bra, Arnold," Cindy said. "Just this."

      "I know," Arnold said. "I can tell. I could tell that when I had you
against me and I could feel your nipples through my shirt."

      "Do you want to look at my breasts, Arnold?" Cindy said.

      "You know I do," Arnold said. "Take it off, Cindy."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. Slowly she unbuttoned the top button.
And then the next button. And the next. Slowly. All the way down. Watching
Arnold watching her. With all the buttons open at last, Cindy, looking directly
into Arnold's eyes, smiling slightly, slowly pulled the blouse open, baring her
breasts to him. And took it off. And let it fall. Cindy stood tall and naked as
Arnold's gaze raked her breasts, lingered.

      "Do you like them, Arnold?" Cindy said. "Do you like my body?"

      "It's fantastic," Arnold said. "It's just fantastic, that body."

      "I know," Cindy said. "And you want it."

      "And I'm going to have it," Arnold said.

      "It's all yours, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "You can get back on your knees now."

      Cindy shrugged. "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. "If that's what you
want." And Cindy sank down to the floor and knelt in front of him. Arnold
unzipped his pants and took out his penis, which was hard and stiff.

      "Suck for me, Cindy," Arnold said. "Suck it good."

      "Of course," Cindy said. And Cindy slowly took Arnold's penis into her
mouth. All the way into her mouth. And Cindy began to make love to that penis
with that mouth. And with her lips, and her tongue, and her throat. For a long
time. As Arnold stood, swaying slightly, moaning occasionally, looking down at
Cindy's slowly bobbing head.

      "You're good," Arnold said softly. "God, you're really damn good at this,
Cindy."

      "Mmm-hmmm," Cindy said.

      "I'm going to cum in your mouth, Cindy," Arnold said.

      "Mmm," Cindy said, licking him.

      "Cindy," Arnold said. "I'm going to cum in your mouth. But I don't want
you to swallow it, Cindy. Not yet. Okay?"

      "Mmmnnhh?" Cindy said.

      "No," Arnold said. "I want you to hold it in your mouth. All right,
Cindy? Do you understand me? I want you to just hold it all in your mouth until
I say different. All right, Cindy?"

      "Mmm-hmm," Cindy said, her head moving.

      "Good," Arnold said. "Good, Cindy. Oh, good, Cindy. That's so good. It's
coming, Cindy. Hold it now. It's coming right into your fine little sucking
mouth, Cindy. Here it is, Cindy. Now. Here it is. Here...it...is..." And
Arnold, panting, jerking, holding on to Cindy's long dark hair, shot hard into
Cindy's sucking mouth, again and again and again.

      Finally, happily, Arnold pulled himself out of Cindy's mouth. Now Arnold
crouched down by the still kneeling Cindy, her mouth now full of his gism.

      "Hold it, Cindy," Arnold said softly, watching Cindy's tightly closed
lips, her distorted cheeks, her rising and falling bosom as she panted hard
through her nostrils. "Don't spill a drop, Cindy. That's a good girl." Arnold
reached out and put a hand over Cindy's breast, then ran that hand slowly and
lovingly over her body. "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "Put your head back a
little, so I can watch you swallowing my scum. Don't swallow yet, though."
Cindy tilted her head back, giving him an unobstructed view of her soft smooth
throat. "Slowly now, Cindy," Arnold said. "Swallow it down. All of it. Swallow
it all down, Cindy, while I watch you." Holding her head back, Cindy did as
Arnold said, slowly swallowing the stuff in her mouth, swallowing and
swallowing, taking it all down her throat, as Arnold watched the slow, rhythmic
movement of her throat, swallowing again and again. And again. Until there was
nothing more to swallow.

      "That's fine, Cindy," Arnold said. "You are without a doubt the most
talented cock-sucker I know."

      "Thank you, Arnold," Cindy said. "I'm glad you enjoyed it."

      "Do you suck like that for your husband?" Arnold said.

      "No," Cindy said. "That was just for you, Arnold."

      "That's bullshit," Arnold said.

      "Can I go now?" Cindy said.

      "Why, Cindy," Arnold said. "I haven't even fucked you yet."

      "I didn't know if you still wanted to," Cindy said.

      "But I do," Arnold said. "Isn't that what this was all about? You don't
expecxt me to not fire old Arthur if I don't get to fuck that magnificent body,
do you?"

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. "Anything you say. That's the deal,
isn't it? If you still want to fuck me, I'll be the best fuck you ever had."

      "I'll bet you will, too," Arnold said. "But since I just came so
beautifully in that mouth of yours, Cindy, it's going to take something
particularly arousing to put me back in condition to fuck you properly."

      "I see," Cindy said. "And what might that be, Arnold?"

      "Well now," Arnold said. "What might that be?" He put a hand on Cindy's
breast again, and squeezed it hard. "What do you think that might be, Cindy?"

      "I don't know," Cindy said. "But I'll bet it involves hurting me. Doesn't
it, Arnold?"

      "That's a good speculation, Cindy," Arnold said. "Hurting you is indeed
just about the most arousing thing I can thing of right now."

      "That's what I thought," Cindy said. "How are you planning to do that,
Arnold?"

      "Oh, my," Arnold said. "I can think of a lot of ways, Cindy. An awful lot
of ways. All of them truly stimulating. But I'll have to keep it simple, won't
I? Nothing too fancy. Although some day I'd like to -- ah, well. I'll stick to
practical things. You don't smoke, do you, Cindy?"

      Cindy swallowed. "No," she said.

      "Nor do I," Arnold said. "So no cigarettes. What a shame. But that's all
right. Let's stick to the tried and true, okay? My trusty belt did pretty well
on your legs, didn't it, Cindy? And I think it will do just fine to go on with.
All right, Cindy?"

      Cindy swallowed again. But she said, "Anything you say, Arnold."

      "Good," Arnold said. Standing up now, Arnold reached for his belt. Cindy
watched him, still kneeling. "Lie down, Cindy," Arnold said. "Right there on
the floor. Lie down and spread out."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. She started slowly to lie down on her
stomach.

      "No, Cindy," Arnold said. "On your back."

      Cindy stopped still.

      "On -- on my back?" Cindy said.

      "That's right," Arnold said.

      "Oh, good Christ," Cindy said softly.

      Arnold waited.

      Cindy, slowly, turned her body and lay down on her back on the floor.

      "Spread out," Arnold said. "Spread wide. Stretch it out for me, Cindy."

      Cindy did as Arnold said, spreading her luscious body, stretching her
arms up and out, splaying her legs wide apart.

      "More," Arnold said. And Cindy stretched that body still harder, arms
reaching, legs straining, body flatly taut, breasts pulling up, muscles tight,
all of her open, exposed, straining.

      "That's fine," Arnold said. "Just stay that way, Cindy. You just stay
exactly that way, no matter what. All right, Cindy?"

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

      "Lovely," Arnold said, raising his belt. And bringing it down hard across
Cindy's unprotected stomach.

      Cindy screamed.

      "Don't move, Cindy," Arnold said.

      "Oh, Jesus," Cindy said. "Oh Christ Jesus. Oh god."

      "That was just practice, Cindy," Arnold said. "So is this." And he
cracked the strap down across Cindy's outspread thighs. Cindy howled. Again
Arnold's belt lashed across her stomach. Again Cindy screamed loudly.

      "That's so nice, Cindy," Arnold said. "I love hearing you scream, Cindy.
I told you your mouth was made for screaming, didn't I?"

      "Oh god, oh god," Cindy said.

      "What do you suppose they're thinking out there, hearing you, Cindy?"
Arnold said.

      "Christ, Arnold," Cindy said, moaning. "How much more?"

      "Don't move, Cindy. It won't be long now." Arnold began taking off his
clothes. Cindy still lay spread out, breasts rising and falling with her
panting, gasping breath. "As you can see, I'm very excited by your pain,"
Arnold said. "And I can hardly wait to get into that gorgeous body." His
clothes were all off now, his penis sticking straight up, throbbing. "But I
can't stop hurting you so enjoyably and just leave those marvellous breasts
untouched, can I? They're so tempting, just waiting like that, all ready for
the strap."

      "Please, Arnold," Cindy said. "Please."

      "Please what, Cindy?" Arnold said. "Are you backing out of our deal at
this late date?"

      "I -- no," Cindy said. "No, Arnold. Do what you want."

      "That's what I thought," Arnold said. He raised the strap. Cindy flinched
slightly, but stayed as she was. Arnold took a long breath, brought himself up
on his toes, and with a loud grunt, swung the strap down, whipping Cindy
directly across the nipple of her right breast, the strap making a sound like a
pistol shot. Cindy screamed as loudly as she could, and, moaning, clutching at
her striped breast, rolled halfway over on the floor, shaking, holding on to
her breast, sobbing softly.

      "As you were, Cindy," Arnold said sharply. "Get back in position. Now."

      Slowly, gasping, Cindy lay down again. Slowly she again spread her arms
and legs. Shaking.

      "That's my girl," Arnold said, and with a mighty effort brought the strap
whipping down again, this time across Cindy's left breast. Again Cindy screamed
like a animal, rolling her body, clutching frantically at empty air, though
this time she stayed on her back.

      "Damn," Arnold said. "I love this."

      "Fuck me, Arnold," Cindy said, sobbing and gasping. "Please fuck me. You
don't have to hurt me any more. You want me. Take me. Please. Please. I'll be
so good, Arnold, I'll fuck you so good --"

      "I know," Arnold said, and whipped her right breast again. "I know," he
said, above Cindy's ear-splitting screaming. "Stay still, Cindy." And whipped
her left breast. Cindy couldn't stay still any more. She began rolling over and
over on the floor. Arnold followed her, lashing at her body, hitting that
turning, twisting, scrabbling body anyplace he could reach, whipping Cindy's
thighs, her breasts, her buttocks, her back, her stomach.

      "Stop, Cindy," Arnold said, panting. "Stop and spread out for me and I'll
stop hitting you."

      Cindy, with a great effort, stopped rolling and lay again on her back,
spread out under Arnold's lash. And Arnold stopped. Looking down at the
gasping, writhing, heaving, straining body.

      "Now, Cindy," Arnold said, and dropped down on top of her, covering that
body with his own. "I'm going to fuck you now, Cindy," Arnold said. "I'm going
to fuck the shit out of you. And you're going to fuck me too, aren't you,
Cindy? You're going to make it real good for me, right?"

      "That...that was...the deal..." Cindy said. "Do it, you bastard son of a
bitch. Do it."

      "Here, Cindy," Arnold said, and slid his stiff penis slowly but
forcefully into her vagina. "This is it, Cindy," Arnold said. "I'm inside you.
Inside Cindy's body." Arnold began to move. "Fuck for me, Cindy," Arnold said,
moving. "Fuck for me and for your husband."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said, moving with him. "All right. I'm fucking
you. Just like I said I would. I said I'd do anything you wanted, Arnold. And I
did, didn't I?"

      "Yes, you did," Arnold said. "So far, anyway."

      "And I still am," Cindy said, moving rhythmically. "I'm fucking you,
Arnold. And it's nice, isn't it, Arnold? It's good, isn't it?"

      "Yes," Arnold said. "It's good, Cindy. You're a good fuck."

      "I know," Cindy said. They were moving strongly now.

      "Cindy," Arnold said. "Put your legs around me."

      "All right," Cindy said, and did so, locking her ankles behind his back.
"How's that, Arnold? Do you like that?"

      "I love it," Arnold said. "Squeeze me with your legs, Cindy. That's it.
That's so good. I love your legs, Cindy. I can feel all of them around me, all
of them touching me, rubbing against me. Oh, that's good. Oh, that's so nice."

      "I told you I'd be good for you, Arnold," Cindy said. "You didn't have to
hurt me so much."

      "Yes, I did," Arnold said. "Fuck harder, Cindy."

      And Cindy did.

      "Do you hurt now?" Arnold said.

      "Yes," Cindy said. "Does that turn you on, Arnold?"

      "It does," Arnold said, moving harder against her body. "I could fuck you
all day long, Cindy."

      "As long as it takes, Arnold," Cindy said, squirming for him, twisting
for him, arching and bucking and writhing for him, holding him in the sexy vise
of her legs.

      "Kiss me, Cindy," Arnold said.

      Cindy gave him her mouth, moaning and panting into his, and with her
tongue probing his mouth, her lips moving against his, her body matching his
rhythm stroke for stroke, Arnold was in ecstasy. "Cindy," Arnold said, sliding
his mouth from hers. "I'm fucking you and I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum in
you. Fuck me, Cindy. Fuck me good."

      "I'm fucking you, Arnold," Cindy said, moving harder. "I'm fucking you.
You can cum in me now."

      "Fucking," Arnold said, panting. "Fucking Cindy. Beautiful Cindy. Sexy
Cindy. Fucking. So good. Coming. Fucking."

      "Fucking you, Arnold," Cindy said. "Fucking. Come in me, Arnold. Come in
Cindy. Right into Cindy's body. Come into Cindy. Come, Arnold. Come."

      "Coming," Arnold said. "In you, Cindy, you beautiful slut, you sexy
gorgeous cock-sucking slut, you screaming hurting cock-sucking slut, I'm coming
in you."

      "Oh, yes," Cindy said, moving. "I'm a cock-sucking slut, Arnold, I'm a
filthy dirty fucking screaming crying cock-sucking slut and I'm fucking you and
you're going to cum up my cunt, Arnold. Do it, Arnold, fuck the shit out of
me."

      "Coming," Arnold said. "Now. Fucking Cindy. Coming. Now. Take it, Cindy.
Take it, Cindy. Take...it...now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now!" Pulling at her hair,
pounding at her body, as Cindy kept her wonderful shapely legs locked around
him, Arnold shot into Cindy, wildly, voraciously, barbarically. Shot into her
over and over and over. And over. Until at last he was still.

      Cindy still held him with her thighs. "Was it good, Arnold?" Cindy said.
"Did you enjoy it all? Did I do everything you wanted? Just as I said?"

      "Yes," Arnold said.

      Cindy's legs came down slowly. "Thank god!" Cindy said.

      "But we're not finished," Arnold said.

      "What?" Cindy said. "You're kidding!"

      "No," Arnold said. "But don't worry, Cindy. I won't hurt you any more. I
don't even want your body any more. In fact, there's only just one more thing
I'd like you to do." Arnold stood up and began to dress.

      Cindy sat up slowly. "What is it?" Cindy said.

      "All I want you to do," Arnold said, "is to go out there

into the office and tell your husband the good news."

      "Why?" Cindy said suspiciously.

      "Just do it, Cindy," Arnold said. "Go out there and inform old Arthur
that I'm not going to fire him. Won't he be glad to hear that?"

      "Yes," Cindy said.

      "Then do it, Cindy. And our deal will be done."

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said, standing up slowly. A bit stiffly, she
reached for her discarded blouse.

      "No, Cindy," Arnold said. "Don't put your clothes on."

      "What?" Cindy said.

      "I said I don't want you to put your clothes on, Cindy," Arnold said. "I
want you to go out there just as you are."

      Cindy stared at him.

      "You mean go out there -- naked?" Cindy said.

      "That's right," Arnold said.

      "But -- oh Christ -- all those people -- you want me to --"

      "I'm sure they're all most curious about what's been going on in here,"
Arthur said. "I mean with all that screaming and all. They must be imagining
all sorts of things. And if you go out there like that, it will probably show
them that their imaginings were true. Not to mention allowing them a look at
your exquisite body, which I'm sure they'll all appreciate."

      "Arnold --" Cindy said.

      "Yes, Cindy?" Arnold said.

      "I -- I can't do it," Cindy said.

      "That's too bad, Cindy," Arnold said. "Going back on our bargain now. I
guess I'll have to fire Arthur after all."

      "Arnold," Cindy said. "For god's sake --"

      "Whereas," Arnold said, "if you just do as I ask, Cindy, and go out
there, just as you are, and go to Arthur and explain to him that I'm going to
keep him on -- we'll be all through, you and I, and Arthur will have his job,
and we'll all be happy."

      Cindy stood very still. For a long time. Arnold said nothing. Just
waiting. Finally Cindy swallowed, and took a long breath.

      "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

      She walked slowly to the door. Drawing herself up to full height, head
up, gloriously naked, Cindy opened the door and walked through it.

      Arnold followed her to watch what took place. Cindy's sudden appearance,
stark naked, was causing a sensation. All action stopped, all heads turned, all
eyes bulged with astonishment, and with lust. Nobody moved. Everybody was
staring. Cindy, head still high, stood looking back at them. Now, slowly, she
began to move across the office, toward the far end, where Arthur was sitting.
As Cindy got to Arthur's desk, she turned, again boldly staring back at all the
faces staring at her.

      "All right," Cindy said loudly. "Take a good look, all of you. You've
always wanted to see this, right? Well, look hard. I hope you're all
satisfied." Now turning to her husband, Cindy said, "Arthur, it's all right.
Arnold is not going to fire you. You can work here as long as you like. I love
you, Arthur," Cindy said, and turning, began to walk back to Arnold's office.

      But halfway there Arthur's voice stopped her.

      "Cindy!" Arthur said.

      Cindy stood still. In the midst of all the still-staring eyes.

      "Yes, Arthur," Cindy said.

      Arthur said, "You're a whore, Cindy."

      A murmur from the watching crowd.

      "Am I, Arthur?" Cindy said.

      "Yes," Arthur said. "You are. My wife is a whore. A whore and a slut.
Aren't you, Cindy?"

      "If you say so, Arthur," Cindy said.

      "I do," Arthur said. "That's just what I say."

      "I love you, Arthur," Cindy said.

      "I don't care," Arthur said. "You're a whore and a slut. And since that's
what you are, Cindy, I think you ought to give all these people a crack at you,
too. Don't you, Cindy?"

      "Is that what you want, Arthur?" Cindy said.

      "It's only fair, isn't it?" Arthur said. "First you give your body to
Arnold, and now you show it off to all these people. Why not do it for them
too?"

      "I did it for you, Arthur," Cindy said.

      "I see," Arhtur said. "You made yourself a whore for me. But don't stop
with that, Cindy. Look at all these people wanting you. Lusting for you. Why
should they miss out on such a good thing. Why, Cindy? Why?"

      "Arthur," Cindy said. "If that's what you want I'll do it. If it's what
you want, Arthur, I'll go down on my knees, right now, and suck them all off.
Every one of them. One by one."

      "Do it, Cindy," Arthur said.

      "All right, Arthur," Cindy said.

      "And that's not all," Arthur said. "I want you to come back here every
day. Every day, Cindy. And I want you to take your clothes off, just like now.
And I want you to do what you said. For anybody who wants it that day. Will you
do that, Cindy?"

      "If you want me to, Arthur," Cindy said. "Do you want me to fuck them
too?"

      "Why not?" Arthur said. "Anything they want. Isn't that what a whore
does?"

      "All right, Arthur," Cindy said. "I will. I love you, Arthur."

      Cindy now got down on her knees. "All right," Cindy said. "If you'll all
line up, I'll suck you all off in turn. If you'd like to fuck me, just wait
until I'm finished and I'll accomodate you."

      "And if you have any horny friends," Arthur said, "bring them around
tomorrow, and Cindy will take care of them. This is going to be a daily
occurence. Isn't it, Cindy?"

      "If that's what you want, Arthur," Cindy said.

      "Arthur," Arnold said. "Do you smoke?"

      "Yes," Arthur said. "Why?"

      "So you usually have cigarettes with you," Arnold said.

      "That's right," Arthur said.

      "Good," Arnold said. "I think they'll come in handy."

      Cindy began to cry. She was crying as she sucked off the first man, and
still crying as she sucked off the last.

      It was hours later that Cindy came into Arnold's office.

      "I want to make a bargain with you, Arnold," Cindy said, and she took off
her clothes, and then she laid a full pack of cigarettes on Arnold's desk.
Crying...




                    DAISY, DAISY
                   by V.P. Viddler
     Daisy.
     My sister.
     Hung. By ropes. In the middle of the room.
     I couldn't believe it.
     Daisy.
     It looked as though she was folded in half, the way she was
hanging. With her wrists bound together, arms stretched straight
up. And with her legs pulled up in front of her body, each leg
bent up sharply, almost vertical, angling only slightly to the
side, each ankle roped, held, the roped wrists and ankles holding
her suspended, dangling. Arms and legs taut as they could get.
Straining. With her rump the lowest part of her. And her legs all
bare, because her skirt had slid down to her crotch, and I could
catch glimpses of her panties.
     "Oh, no," Daisy said as I came in. "Oh  no, oh god no. Not
that. Not him. Oh god, Jim, I'll kill you, I swear I will."
     Jim only grinned. "Yeah?" Jim said. "How you gonna do that,
Daisy? Hmm?" And Jim gave her hanging body a little push, not too
hard, but enough to make her swing a little bit. And to make her
cry out in pain, in a way that I had never heard before; a way
that made my blood pound and my head swim.
     Daisy in pain was an exciting phenomenon to me. As was Daisy
bound. And Daisy's taut, naked legs, which I saw--not for the
first time by any means, but for the first time with the thought,
the forbidden thought, of possibility--were as curvy, as smooth,
as sensuous, as lovely, as sculptured of calf and shapely of
thigh, as any that my imagination could wish.
     Daisy was gasping as her body gradually came to rest, and
there was pain in her face, but anger also, as I looked at
Daisy's face, framed so enticingly by those straining legs. Her
face was on a leve with mine. Crotch on a level with mine too.
     "Jim, don't do this," Daisy said, but less defiantly now.
"God, you can't. Not him. For god's sake--"
     "But, Daisy," Jim said. "You deserve it. Don't you? Hmm?"
     "I'm sorry," Daisy said. "Damn it, I'm sorry, all right?
Jim--god, it hurts, I'm hurting--"
     "Good," Jim said.
     "Jim," Daisy said. "You know I--I'll do what you--"
     "I know," Jim said. "That's why your little brother's here."
     "Jim," Daisy said. "Please. Okay? Please. I'm begging. If
you want--with somebody else, or--but--but this little bastard is
my brother!"
     "That's the good part," Jim said.
     "Oh Jesus god," Daisy said. "No. Damn you. Please. No."
     "How about it, kid?" Jim said. "You like your sister this
way?"
     "I do," I said, and Daisy said, "Oh, you dirty little crud."
     "I want--" I said. "I want to touch her. Can I?"
     "No!" Daisy said.
     "Yes," Jim said.
     "No!" Daisy said. "Jim, no. Come on. No. Get him out of
here, Jim."
     "Do it," Jim said.
     I moved closer, till I was standing in front of Daisy's
body.
     "If you lay a hand on me," Daisy said, "I'll kill you, you
filthy--"
     "Shut up," Jim said. "Do what you want, kid."
     I was almost choking. i brought my hand up, up to the top of
Daisy's taut leg--that is, the ankle--and I slowly laid my hand
on that portion of skin just below the rope that held it. First
just my fingers. Then my palm. Just touching that skin. That
flesh.
     Daisy made a funny sound.
     And then I slowly moved my hand downward. Slowly. Sliding.
Downward. Slowly. Over Daisy's skin. Sliding. Across Daisy's
flesh. As Daisy made angry, unhappy, gasping sounds. Down. Along
that leg. Over the curving calf. Along the side of that smooth
and shapely calf. My hand feeling it. Knowing it. Down.
     "Stop," Daisy said. "Stop him, for god's sake."
     I loved the hatred, the shame, the humiliation in her voice.
     Down. Slowly. To her knee. Down. Loving Daisy's pain and
powerlessness. Onto her thigh. Soft. Smooth. Luscious.
Voluptuous. Yielding flesh. My hand slid. Down. Around. Along.
Daisy's straining, stretching leg.
     Daisy was crying. Softly.
     I touched her panties. I couldn't breathe.
     I put my hand up again. On the other leg. And slid it down.
Again slowly. Luscious, curving, smooth flesh. Down. Down. Loving
it. Listening to Daisy sob. All the way down.
     At last I stopped. I looked at Daisy, her pretty but pain-
filled face, through her framing limbs. I was smiling.
     Daisy spat at me.
     "Why you dumb bitch," Jim said. He moved behind Daisy and
got hold of her long brown hair and pulled on it. Pulled hard.
Until Daisy's head was pulled back and down, her mouth twisting,
gasping. Jim held her that way. "What's wrong with you?" Jim
said. Daisy groaned sharply in pain, straining her head
backwards, but Jim just tugged harder at her hair. "Tell your
brother you're sorry. Go on, Daisy. Apologize."
     "I'm sorry!" Daisy gasped, loudly. "I'm sorry, stop, god,
I'm sorry, please..."
     Jim let go of Daisy's hair. "Now," Jim said. "What else
would you like to do to her?"
     My blood was pounding.
     "Please," Daisy said, "Jim, stop. Stop now, please. I'll be
so good to you, please."
     "How about it, kid," Jim said. "You want to do it to your
sister?"
     It was too much and I couldn't say it, it was so bad, though
I was thinking, yes, god yes, I want to do it to my sister. But I
was silent.
     "You dig Daisy, right?" Jim said. "She's a great looking
girl. You want to see her naked?"
     "I can't stand it," Daisy said. "You have to let me go, Jim,
god, you have to take me down now, I'm hurting so much and I
can't stand this and if you don't get him out of here I--I--Jim--
don't do it--"
     "Yes," I said. "I do."
     "What?" Jim said.
     "Want to see Daisy naked."
     "Daisy," Jim said. "Your brother wants to look at your tits.
Tell him to open your blouse."
     "Jesus," Daisy said. "You dirty bastard."
     "Tell him, Daisy," Jim said.
     "No," Daisy said, but her voice trembled. But still she
said, "No. Go to hell."
     "Go on, Daisy," Jim said. "Say it. Say, go on, little
brother, unbutton my blouse and look at my tits. Go on."
     "No," Daisy said. "You filth. You can hurt me all you want.
I won't."
     Jim took off his belt.
     Daisy bit her lip.
     Jim said, "Tell him to unbutton your blouse."
     Daisy didn't say anything.
     Jim swung the belt backwards and then swiftly and suddenly
brought it forward and hit Daisy viciously across the back.
     Daisy screamed.
     Jim said, "Tell him to unbutton your blouse."
     Daisy was sobbing. "Don't!" she said.
     Jim waited.
     Diasy said nothing.
     Jim raised the strap.
     "No!" Diasy said.
     Jim said, "Tell him to unbutton your blouse."
     Daisy said, "Please!"
     Jim whipped the belt across Daisy's back again, still
harder, with a loud harsh crack.
     Daisy screamed.
     "Tell him," Jim said.
     Daisy could hardly speak. She choked it out. "Open--unbutton
my blouse," Daisy said, crying.
     I did.
     My hands shook. Starting with the top button, I undid all
the buttons. Slowly. Drawing it out. Daisy didn't look at me.
With all the buttons open at last, I hesitated. I saw Daisy was
not wearing a bra.
     "Go on," Jim said.
     Daisy was sobbing.
     I put my hands on both sides of that undone blouse and I
drew them apart. As far as I could. Apart. And pushed them back,
draping them on either side of Daisy's breasts. Daisy's now bare,
naked, exposed breasts. Daisy's fabulous, high, full, quivering,
gorgeously rounded, pink-nippled breasts.
     "Daisy," Jim said. "Tell him to touch them."
     "Jim," Daisy said, whimpering, pleading. "Jim, for pity's
sake--"
     Jim raised his strap.
     Daisy said, "Touch them."
     And I did so.
     For a long time.
     Jim had a knife, and with it he cut Daisy's blouse from her
body. Naked to the waist, Daisy moaned. Wriggling with pain and
with shame, but wriggling only made her hurt still more. I
watched her breasts jiggling and rolling and I watched her long
magnificent tightly straining legs and I saw the perspiration on
that body and listened to those sounds. I was hard.
     Hard as a rock.
     For my sister.
     Who said, "Jim," for Jim was now cutting her skirt from her,
"Jim no Jim anything you want, Jim for god's sweet sake if you do
this I'll die, I beg you, oh god I can't, I'll do what you say,
I'm sorry, Jim, I'm so sorry, I'll be so good, I'll make you so
happy, and if you want me to do anything with anybody I will,
please not this, please not him, anything else, hurt me if you
want, anything, I'll crawl on my knees to you, Jim, I beg you--"
     Christ it was exciting.
     "Daisy," Jim said, "your brother is going to do anything he
wants to you. From now on." Jim gave me the knife. "Cut her
panties off," Jim said.
     Daisy said, "Wait!" Taking long deep breaths, trying for
calm so she could talk. "Wait. Wait. Look. I--Jason, you can't--
you don't want to do that. Jason--I--I'm your sister. Your
sister. You know this isn't right. You know that. It's--it's all
wrong, Jason, it's--it would be--incest. You can't want to do
that. If I--If I've treated you badly I--I'm sorry, Jason, I am.
I apologize, all right? I won't any more, never, I promise, I
swear it. Okay? You don't want to--to hurt your sister. Please.
Jason. Oh please. Please."
     I was smiling.
     Daisy gave such a moan of despair and horror that my hair
stood up. My cock was already standing up.
     I cut Daisy's panties off. Slowly.
     And I touched Daisy's crotch. First with my hand, my
fingers. Daisy was sobbing. Then with Jim's knife, playfully.
Daisy was gasping in fear, trying to shrink back. Jim took the
knife away.
     "You got a better tool than that, kid," Jim said. "Use it."
     And I pulled down my zipper and then took out my cock. It
was so hard. I was so close to Daisy. Just the right height. All
I had to do was to step forward and put it into her.
     Daisy was babbling, begging and pleading. I stepped up to
her.
     "No," Daisy said. "No no no no no for god's sake no don't
don't no no oh no no no don't Jesus," sweating and squirming and
Jim said, "Do it," and Daisy said, "No you can't you bastard no
please no," and I did it.
     I did it.
     I took my sister.
     I put my cock right into her. Right inside her. Put it in.
     "Bastard!" Daisy said, choking.
     I put it in further. Daisy was twisting in those painful
ropes, trying to push me out. I pushed in, in. In. Farther in.
All the way in. Into my sister. Daisy. All the way. I put my
hands on her legs and held onto them tightly, pulling her to me,
pushing into her. My fingers clutching that flesh, digging into
its softness, holding her so tightly, pushing into her all the
way. Daisy was tight. And wriggly. I was panting and I almost
lost it right there. But I didn't. I had to do it to her.
     "Bastard," Daisy said, whimpering, gasping. "You filthy
turd, I hate you, oh you filth, I'll kill you, oh Jesus you slimy
son of a bitch bastard..."
     Jim said, "Daisy."
     Daisy said, "What?"
     Jim said, "Kiss him."
     Daisy said, "No."
     Jim said, "Kiss him, Daisy. Real good. A nice sexy kiss.
Okay?"
     Daisy said, "Go to hell."
     I wanted to kiss her, kiss that full mouth, that gasping
mouth. I moved my face to hers between those uptilted fabulous
legs. Daisy turned away.
     Jim hit her with his belt.
     Daisy yelled.
     Jim said, "Kiss him."
     Daisy said, "Jim please please."
     Jim hit her again.
     Daisy howled.
     Her head turned slowly toward me.
     "Nicely," Jim said. "Kiss him lovingly, Daisy. With your
tongue. Give it all to him. Open that mouth, give him your tongue
and your lips and do it right."
     And he hit her again.
     I kissed her. Hard. On her luscious lips. And her crying
mouth opened and she kissed me back, sobbing, kissed my lips,
moving her mouth on mine, sobbing, and I put my tongue right into
her mouth and I moved it in her mouth and I found every corner of
her warm moist sexy mouth and she let me, sobbing, and then I
took my tongue away so Daisy could put her sweet wet curvy tongue
into my mouth and finally she did that, sobbing, and she moved it
all around my mouth, sobbing, and again I almost shot into her
and then I took my mouth from hers and stood straight and began
to do it to her.
     Doing it to my sister Daisy.
     Holding on to her long curving soft legs and moving back and
forth inside her, back and forth, in and out. Slowly. Then
faster. Faster. Then slow. In and out and Daisy was choking and
crying and cursing and sobbing and begging and hurting and I
loved doing this to her, my helpless, tied up, hanging sister,
who was in agony, all kinds of agony, hurting and sweating and
dangling and humiliated. Degraded and debased and being had by
her little brother. I wanted to do it to Daisy always. Always and
always.
     Jim said, "Doing good, kid, but hey, you don't have to work
so hard. Let's make Daisy do the work. Let's make this
interesting." And he raised that strap and whipped Daisy hard
across the back.
     Daisy screamed. And jerked. Forward.
     And Jim hit her again, the strap whistling, the crack of
belt against flesh loud and vicious. Daisy howled and jerked and
squirmed. It was fantastic. Fantastic. I hardly had to move at
all.
     Daisy tried to say something, but she couldn't. Jim hit her.
Again. Again and again. Whack! the strap went. On Daisy's bare
back. Whap! Fantastic it was. I held on to Daisy's writhing legs
and let her writhe and twist and wriggle around my cock and Jesus
Jim went on whipping her. Whap! Crack! Splat! Rhythmically. Hard.
Merciless. Splat! Crack! Daisy was screaming so loudly now. Whap!
Jumping and jerking and bucking. Whap! Crack! I couldn't stand it
much longer. Daisy's hair was swinging wildly from her tossing,
rolling head. Jouncing bosoms. Taut helpless shapely legs. Whap!
Splat! Crack! Daisy shrieking her lungs out, howling, suffering
so beautifully that I couldn't wait any more, couldn't hold out,
I had to come, and I burst open into Daisy, shooting, spurting,
giving it all to her, into her, into my sister, holding on to her
legs, calves, thighs, thighs, Daisy's thighs, and I was through.
     "Now me," Jim said. "And you whip her."
     So I did. Whipping Daisy. Making me hard again.
     So afterwards Jim cut the rope that bound her wrists and let
her hang by her ankles and pulled her higher up until Daisy's
mouth was at my crotch and told Daisy to suck me. And Daisy did
that. Her upside-down mouth took my cock and sucked it and licked
it until it shot into her mouth and Jim told her to swallow it
and she did.
     Jim told Daisy she was my slave now, and she would crawl on
all fours and do all my bidding and would do anything I said and
would suck my cock and lick out my ass and ask me to whip her and
piss on her and hurt her and say she loved me.
     And Daisy did it all.
     All of it.
     Daisy is sucking me right now...




                                DONNA'S DESCENT
                                by V.P. Viddler
                             na117711@anon.penet.fi

                               Part 1 - The Cabin

      They came into the cabin without knocking.

      Donna, sitting against the wall in Lou's chair with her darning, started
up in fright, and then sat back slowly. Instantly she understood why they had
come. Donna tried not to show fear, but she knew she had gone pale, and was
breathing hard, though she was controlling it now, or trying to.

      Three of them. Cliftons. Arvin was carrying a shotgun. Bo had a rifle.
Wilbur was not carrying anything, but his handguns were in sight at his hips.
Donna sat quite still, a tall, slim young woman with long brown hair, caught in
back of her head with a ribbon and flowing down her back, and a mostly willowy
body but with a sunuosity in its curving slimness, and with two provocatively
rounded, obviously unbound breasts pushing out at the front of the long tan
cotton dress she was wearing.

      They came in and shut the door and stood in the middle of the floor,
looking at her. Donna said nothing at first, getting her breathing under
control.

      "Hey," Bo said finally. "Look at this now. Pretty as a picture."

      Donna said, "What do you want?" Calm. Staying calm, as she had to.

      "What do we want?" Bo said.

      "Your husband," Arvin said. "Your damn husband, Lou. That's what."

      "Lou's not here," Donna said.

      "Yeah. I know. But he will be. Pretty soon now, I'd say. Right?"

      "I -- I don't know." Stalling. "He might not be --"

      "Don't shit us, girl," Arvin said. "What is it they call you, anyway?"

      "Donna," Bo said. "Her name's Donna. You know that, Arvin."

      "Donna. Yeah. You're a good-looking lady, Donna. Old Lou is one lucky
guy, isn't he, boys?"

      "What do you want?" Donna said. But she knew all right.

      Now Wilbur spoke for the first time. Softly. "What we want is for Lou to
tell us about the gold. That's all. That's what we want."

      Donna had to swallow. "He won't. He can't. You know that."

      "I think he will now," Wilbur said. "If we can make him know it's the
best way. If we give old Lou a real good reason. I think he'll tell us. Don't
you, Donna?"

      "No. No, I don't."

      "No? What do you think we can do to change his mind, Donna?"

      "Nothing," Donna said. "Nothing will do that. Nothing."

      Donna knew what was coming now. It had to be.

      "What if we used you, Donna? To change old Lou's mind with. Do you think
that would do it?"

      "I -- I don't know what you --"

      "Yes you do. You know, Donna. Lou wouldn't want to see you hurt, would
he? He wouldn't like to have to watch us with you. If old Lou was to have to
watch his good-looking young wife with us Cliftons -- all of us -- I bet he'd
just piss his pants to tell us about that gold. Don't you?"

      "You can't," Donna said.

      "Hell you say," Bo put in. "It's sure gonna be fun trying."

      Donna said slowly as she could, calmly as she could, "You're talking
about rape. You can't do that. If you --"

      "That's right," Wilbur said. "I'm talking about rape. Raping you, Donna.
All of us. Raping you. While your husband watches us. All right?"

      "It -- it wouldn't do any good," Donna said. "He won't tell. He won't. I
know it."

      "Is that right? A man who could sit and watch his own wife raped by three
guys and still not want to save her? I can't swallow that one, can you, boys?"

      Arvin said, "That's not all we can do to you, girl."

      "That's right," Wilbur said. "In fact I'm looking forward to Lou's coming
back here. I want to see his face when he comes in. And the first thing he sees
will be his little old wife. Hanging from that rafter. By her wrists. Just
hanging there, crying."

      "Naked," Bo put in.

      "No," Wilbur said. "I don't think so. Not yet. I want Lou to watch us
strip your clothes off you. That should be fun for him. And then we can start
whipping you. Just to start with."

      "Christ," Arvin said. "I want to do the whipping."

      "We can all do that," Wilbur said. "And lots of other things too. Now
when poor old Lou sees that, and listens to you scream for a while -- for as
long as it takes -- as well as the raping part -- what do you think, Donna? I
think he'll come around."

      "I -- he won't," Donna said softly. "It doesn't matter. He can't do it."

      "Damn!" Bo said, grinning. "He sure don't think much of you, does he?
What the hell kind of husband would that be. Don't he love you at all?"

      Donna set her chin. "Yes. He loves me. And I love him. And nothing you
can do --"

      "Shit," Arvin said. "Sure he loves her. Look at her. Who wouldn't want to
be married to something like that?"

      "Lou's a lucky guy, all right," Bo said. "I bet you two have a real good
time together. In the sack, I mean. Right?"

      Donna said nothing.

      "Bet they do," Arvin said. "Bet they go at it like minks. Right, girl?"

      Donna said nothing.

      "Snooty, ain't she?" Bo said. "Look at that body, though. Bet you can
twist that thing, can't you, Donna?" Arvin said. "Look at that mouth, Bo."

      "Christ, yeah," Bo said. "It's a great looking mouth, all right. You
think she sucks old Lou's cock for him?"

      "I don't know," Arvin said. "How about that, Donna? Do you suck your
husband's cock for him?"

      Donna's lips were tight. And she knew her face was probably red. She
didn't say anything.

      "Now," Arvin said, "I'm asking you a question, girl. And I want an
answer."

      "Arvin," Wilbur said.

      "What?" Arvin said.

      "Yeah, what?" Bo said. "Can't we get an answer to a damn question, for
Christ sake?"

      Wilbur said, "Why not?"

      "Donna?" Arvin said.

      Donna said nothing.

      "Okay," Arvin said. "Let's put it this way." Moving toward her, Arvin
lifted his shotgun and now stood with the two barrels resting at Donna's neck,
pressing against her throat. "Now I'll ask again," Arvin said. "Do you suck
Lou's cock for him?"

      Donna had to swallow hard. She couldn't control her rapid breathing, as
much as she wanted to. She couldn't look at him. At any of them.

      "Yes," Donna said, whispering it.

      "Damn!" Bo said. "You hear that? She does."

      "Sure she does," Arvin said. "Loves it too, probably. Don't you?"

      Donna said nothing. Arvin cocked the shotgun. Donna caught her breath. "I
--" she said, gasping it out. "I --"

      "Come on," Arvin said.

      Donna made herself look at him, trying through fear for dignity. "I like
it because Lou likes it," Donna said.

      "You see?" Wilbur said. "That's true love. Right, Donna?"

      "Does he shoot in your mouth, too?" Bo said, moving toward Donna's chair.
"Do you to it to him till he just shoots right in that mouth?"

      Donna bit at her lip. Arvin poked her throat with the shotgun.
"Sometimes," Donna said, croaking it.

      "Christ. And you swallow it too, right? Do you swallow it, girl?"

      Donna wasn't looking at them now. "Yes," she said, a low whisper. "God.
You filthy bastards. Damn you." She was scared even as she said it, but she
couldn't stop it.

      "You ain't seen nothing yet, girl," Arvin said. He moved the shotgun now,
sliding it down from Donna's throat, onto her dress, down to her bosom, then
slid it onto her right breast. Moving it around. "This is real nice," Arvin
said. "I bet old Lou gets a kick out of these too, doesn't he?" Arvin poked the
gun at Donna's nipple.

      "Don't," Donna said. "Please."

      Arvin didn't move the gun.

      Bo said, "How about us taking a little look at those things, huh, boys?
Christ, I wouldn't mind. I bet they'll knock your eyes out. Huh, Arvin?"

      "How about that, girl?" Arvin said. "Want to give us a look at your
tits?"

      "No," Wilbur said. "I want her husband to watch us strip her down, like I
said. So just hold your damn horses."

      "Shit," Bo said. "Why can't we just have ourselves a little look anyway,
and then she can cover them back up and we can strip her again for old Lou.
What's wrong with that?"

      "Please," Donna said.

      "All right," Wilbur said.

      "Wait," Donna said.

      "Donna," Arvin said, backing up a little, but still pointing the shotgun
at her chest. "Show us your tits. Go on."

      Donna didn't move.

      Now Bo brought up his rifle, pointing that at her too. "Do it," Bo said.
"Show them to us."

      Donna was shaking. "No," Donna said. Her voice was not steady, but she
said it. "No. You won't shoot me. Not now. You want me for when Lou comes. If
I'm dead you can't use me to get him to tell you. You want me alive."

      "God damn," Bo said. "This little bitch."

      "She's right," Wilbur said softly. "You're right, Donna. We don't want
you dead. But we do want you to show us your breasts. Now how do you think we
can do that?"

      "I won't," Donna said.

      "That's too bad," Wilbur said. Wilbur moved behind Donna's chair, and
then swiftly he took hold of Donna's long brown hair with one hand and pulled
it sharply downward, jerking Donna's head back over the top of the chair,
pulling it forcibly back and down until Donna's neck was stretched to its
limit, her body arching painfully, her popping eyes staring at the spot at
which the cabin roof joined the back wall. Donna was gasping for breath.

      "Arvin," Wilbur said, and Arvin swiftly drew back his shotgun and then
slammed it forward as hard as he could into Donna's stomach.

      Donna made a gurgling, rasping, retching sound and began to gag and choke
frantically, her body arching and bucking and twisting in the chair, struggling
agonizedly to breathe, and Wilbur still held his grip on her hair, holding her
head still, Donna's gasping mouth wide, eyes wild, nostrils flaring. Awful
strangling, choking sounds signalled the painful, gradual admission of air to
her struggling throat, and slowly, gradually Donna was able to start breathing
normally, gasping, coughing, gagging, moaning, whimpering with pain until
Wilbur at last let go of her hair. Donna sat, still gasping, shaking, clutching
her stomach, panting hard.

      "Now," Wilbur said, moving around to stand in front of her. "Now, Donna.
Will you show us?"

      Donna could not speak.

      "Do I have to ask you again?"

      Donna shook her head. She wasn't looking at him.

      "Will you?" Wilbur said.

      Donna, slowly, nodded.

      "Do it," Wilbur said. Wilbur stood, waiting.

      Arvin stood, waiting.

      Bo stood, waiting.

      Donna's shaking hands went to her throat and slowly opened the top button
of her dress. Then she undid all the buttons, down to her waist. Donna was
looking at the floor. She hesitated. They waited. Donna pulled the top of the
dress apart, baring her breasts to them, and slid it down off her shoulders.
Her nipples were hard with fear and embarrassment.

      Wilbur and Arvin and Bo looked at her breasts for a long time, saying
nothing.

      Then Bo said, "I got to touch those beauties!"

      Wilbur said, "No. Not now. That's all now. Lou will be coming home soon.
I want to do this right. Just like I said. Put it back, Donna."

      Donna slid her dress back on and buttoned it up.

      Wilber said, "String her up."

      Donna couldn't fight them. It was, as Wilbur had said, the first thing
Lou saw as he came through the door. Donna hanging by her wrists from the roof,
arms pulled tautly over her head, body stretching, straining, dangling, feet
floating six inches from the floor. And moaning in pain.

      The second thing Lou was aware of was Bo's gun in his back; then Arvin
and Wilbur were facing him.

      "I will kill you," Lou said, and Donna knew he was absolutely serious.
But for now Lou couldn't do anything. Soon Lou was bound tightly to the chair
Donna had sat in, bound hand and foot, not able to do a thing. Wilbur asked Lou
to tell him about the gold, but with no real hope that Lou would.

      "This is how it is, Lou," Wilbur said. "You're gonna watch us with your
wife. We're gonna do things to her. First we'll strip that dress off her. And
anything else she's got on. Okay?"

      "I will kill you," Lou said again.

      Wilbur said, "Then we'll hurt her. A lot. Okay? Until you tell us. And if
that's not enough, we'll fuck her. You hear me, Lou? All of us will fuck your
wife. And that's not all."

      "I will kill you," Lou said.

      "First you'll tell us about that gold. You want to tell us now? Save
Donna a lot of pain. You tell us right now, I can still stop the boys from
giving it to her. I think. But if you don't -- How about it?"

      "Go to hell," Lou said.

      "Strip her," Wilbur said.

      Arvin, standing in front of Donna, ripped her dress open, popping
buttons, from throat to waist, and spread it apart. Donna's breasts thrust out,
pulled high and tight by the position of her straining arms.

      "Donna," Lou said. "I can't tell them. No matter what. I can't."

      "I know," Donna said, gasping. "It's all right, Lou. It's all right.
Don't do it."

      Bo was cutting the top of Donna's dress off her with his knife, and now
Donna was bare to the waist, strips of tattered cloth hanging from her hips.

      "She looks good that way, by god," Wilbur said. "Now watch this, Lou.
This is going to be fun." A long thick black flexible strip of harness leather
was in his hand. Then it was whistling through the air and cracking viciously
across Donna's naked back. And Donna was screaming, body twising wildly, legs
kicking, thrashing, breasts bouncing.

      "Tell us, Lou," Arvin said.

      Lou said nothing.

      Wilbur did it again. Donna screamed harder. Lou closed his eyes. Wilbur
said, "Lou, you open your eyes and watch this, and don't stop watching again,
or by god I'll kill her right away."

      Lou watched. As Wilbur whipped Donna's back. Again and again. Donna's
body was twisting and turning uncontrollably, and as it swung all the way
around until she was facing him, Wilbur began whipping Donna across the
breasts. Donna was howling in awful agony.

      "Tell us," Arvin said.

      Lou said nothing. His face was stone. Old stone.

      Wilbur stopped. Bo went to Donna and cut the waist of the dress. It slid
down and fell to the floor. Donna was wearing only a pair of white panties.

      "Damn!" Arvin said. "Good legs, ain't they?"

      "Great legs!" Bo said. "I want them around me, man. And I mean soon!"

      Wilbur said, "Tell us, Lou."

      Lou said, "Donna --"

      Donna said nothing. She was gasping and sobbing and moaning.

      Wilbur said, "Cut that rope." They took Donna down but now tied her
across a low wooden bench, with her hands stretched back, wrists still tied,
fastened to the floor, and her long curving legs spread wide apart, ankles
bound to bolts in the floor, body arching tautly in a tight, painful bow. "Just
right for fucking," Wilbur said. "Tell us about the gold, Lou."

      "I can't," Lou said. "God damn you to hell."

      Wilbur was crouching by Donna's outstretched leg. "God, your wife has
good legs," Wilbur said, putting his hand on Donna's calf and slowly running
his fingers up along her taut thigh. Slowly sliding that hand over that tight,
beautifully curving skin, all along the length of Donna's exquisite leg.

      "Bo," Wilbur said. "Put that poker into the fire."

      Donna moaned with fright.

      Bo brought the poker to Wilbur. It was red hot. Glowing with searing
heat. Wilbur took it. "You want to tell us, Lou?" Wilbur said, and he lay the
tip of the poker on the inside of Donna's thigh.

      Donna's body arched high off the bench, all of her straining, pulling,
struggling against the ropes that held her wrists and ankles, and all of her
screaming, screaming.

      "Christ," Bo said. "Look at those tits bouncing around. Hey, do that
again, Wilbur."

      Wilbur said, "Lou?"

      Lou said nothing.

      Donna said, gasping, choking, "No. No, not again. No, no. Don't, no,
don't."

      Wilbur lay the poker on the side of Donna's leg just above her knee.
Donna's shrieking and howling drowned Lou's cursing. The bench creaked loudly
with the tightly bound struggling of Donna's twisting, writhing body.

      "Yeah," Bo said. "They sure do bounce all right."

      "Lou?" Wilbur said.

      "Stop," Lou said. "For God's sake stop."

      "Will you tell us?

      "Damn you! I can't! You know I can't."

      "Too bad," Wilbur said.

      "Oh no," Donna said, crying. "I can't, I can't, please don't. Lou --
please -- Lou --"

      "Donna --"

      Wilbur raised the still-glowing poker.

      "No!" Donna screamed. "Tell them! Lou! Tell them! Please oh please --"

      "Donna," Lou said. "I can't. I can't."

      "Damn you!" Donna howled. "Tell them, you bastard! You filthy son of a
bitch! Tell them! Please, oh please, bastard, you oh god please --"

      Wilbur put the poker high up on Donna's thigh, not far from her crotch.
Donna's shouts now sounded un-human. Donna's bound naked body bucked and
spasmed wildly against its bonds, all the muscles and tendons in that body
standing out plainly against that straining flesh. Finally Donna's contortions
and struggling proved too much for the old wooden bench. It broke under her
weight and fell apart. Donna, landing flat on her back amid the bits of
splintered wood, was still bound and spread-eagled, but now that body was not
pulled so taut, and she was able to move arms and legs, though only slightly.

      Donna was crying. "No more," Donna said, sobbing it. "Oh dear god,
please, no more."

      "That's up to your husband, girl," Arvin said.

      "Lou," Donna said. "Please, Lou. Oh please --"

      "I can't, Donna," Lou said.

      "Oh dear Jesus," Donna said. "I hate you. I hate you, you filth. I hate
you."

      "Don't," Lou said. "Donna please."

      "How about this!" Arvin said, grinning. "The girl don't love him no more.
Guess old Lou ain't gonna get his cock sucked any more now. Not by this lady."

      "How about it, Lou?" Bo said. "You didn't know your little wife told us
all about how she sucks your cock for you, did you?"

      "You bastards," Lou said. "I'll kill you all."

      "Well, I don't know," Wilbur said. "I think it might be interesting if
she did, don't you, boys?"

      "Did what?" Bo said.

      "Did suck Lou's cock," Wilbur said. "With us watching. I'd like to see
that, wouldn't you? Especially as she says she hates him and all."

      "You mean make her do it for him, in front of us? Jesus!" Arvin said.

      "Wait a minute," Bo said. "Why should she do it for him? Why not for us?"

      "Don't be so impatient, Bo," Wilbur said. "We can make her do it for us
too. If old Lou stays stubborn, that is. But this is gonna be something to
watch."

      "You're filth," Lou said. "God, you're filth."

      "How about it, Donna," Wilbur said. "Would you like to suck your
husband's cock for us?"

      "He's right," Donna said, choking. "You are filth."

      "Bo," Wilbur said. "This poker's cooling off. Put it back in the fire."

      "Oh no," Donna said. "Please, no. Don't. Please. You can't, please.
Please don't, oh god please --"

      "Will you suck Lou's cock for us?" Wilbur said.

      Donna said nothing.

      Wilbur took the burning hot poker from Bo.

      "Yes!" Donna said. "Please, yes, I will, yes, don't, please, I will, yes,
yes, I will, don't --" Sobbing and choking and crying, her outspread body
squirming, writhing.

      And Wilbur said, "Good. But first I want to fuck you."

      "No!" Lou said loudly.

      "About time," Bo said.

      Arvin said, "Us too, Wil," and Wilbur said, "I'm first."

      "No, damn you to hell!" Lou said.

      "It's too late, Lou," Wilbur said. "You can't stop it now. Even if you
told us now, I'll do it anyway. You think I can keep away from that body now?
It's too late. You'll still tell us, though. Later." As Wilbur said this he was
taking off his clothes. "Now you can watch," Wilbur said. "Just sit and watch,
Lou. While I fuck your wife. Just sit and watch."

      Naked, Wilbur got down on the floor next to Donna. "What a great body,"
Wilbur said, putting his hands on Donna's breasts. "You're a lucky guy, Lou."
Wilbur's hands tightened, his fingers sinking into that rounded flesh. Donna
groaned. Wilbur's hands skid all around on Donna's body. "You watching, Lou?"
Wilbur said. "Watch this." Wilbur lay down on Donna, crushing her body under
his. "Damn, that feels good," Wilbur said.

      "Don't," Lou said. "You god-damned son of a bitch. I'll rip your guts out
if it's the last thing I do."

      "Watch, Lou," Wilbur said, putting his stiff phallus into positions at
Donna's squirming crotch. "This is it. I'm gonna do it to her now."

      "Don't," Donna said. "Please don't."

      Wilbur pushed the tip of his phallus into Donna's vagina. "There," Wilbur
said. "I'm going in now, Lou. God it's nice in there." Pushing further. "God,
it's sweet." Pushing further. Donna was crying softly. "I'm inside your wife,
Lou," Wilbur said. Pushing further. "Damn, it's so good and tight and soft in
there." Pushing further. "I'm all the way in, Lou. I guess you know how good it
feels, don't you? Just beautiful. Now I'm gonna fuck her, Lou. You watch now."
Wilbur began to move, slowly. "I'm fucking your wife, Lou. Damn, I could do
this all day long. Maybe I will. What a fine fuck she is. And she's not even
cooperating. I'll bet it's really something when she gets hot, isn't that
right, Lou? Hell, it sure ain't bad this way."

      "You want her to cooperate for you, Wil?" Arvin said. "I bet we can make
her do that. Couldn't we, Bo?"

      "Damn right," Bo said. "A little taste of that poker again and that girl
will do anything we want her to. How about it, Wil?"

      "Hear that, Donna?" Wilbur said, moving slowly still, in and out of
Donna's shuddering body. "The boys want to see you fucking me back. You want
them to give you some more of that hot poker? Maybe on your tits this time? Do
you, Donna?"

      "No," Donna said, whispering it. "No, please."

      "Then get with it, girl. Put on a good show for us. And for your husband
over there. Fuck me like you want it. You hear me?"

      Donna made a moaning sound of despair. Still crying, Donna began to move
with him, raising and lowering her hips with Wilbur's rhythm, arching her body
against his, twisting it within the limitations of her bonds.

      Wilbur laughed. "Look at this, Lou," Wilbur said, moving harder. "Your
little wife is fucking me. Look how she likes it, too. Don't stop, Donna girl."

      Donna didn't stop.

      "Damn, I'm gonna shoot in her, Lou," Wilbur said. "I'm gonna shoot right
inside your wife's body." Grunting now, panting, Lou grabbed a handful of
Donna's hair and, holding her head tightly still, ground his mouth down onto
hers, mashing her lips brutally,, grunting and groaning into Donna's crying,
sobbing mouth as paroxysmsm wracked his body and he shot his gism into Donna's
belly.

      Finishing at last, Wilbur rolled off her. "You enjoy that, Lou?" Wilbur
said, panting. "I sure as hell did."

      "Donna," Lou said. "Donna, I --"

      "Shut up," Donna said, sobbing. "Damn you, Lou. Why couldn't you just
tell them? Damn you to hell! Damn you!"

      "Okay," Wilbur said. "This looks like a good time for what I was talking
about. Bo, untie this beautiful thing. Donna, I want you to suck Lou's cock for
us now."

      Bo undid Donna's bonds. Arvin cut Lou's pants off. Lou fought the ropes
holding him in the chair, but to no avail.

      "Donna," Wilbur said. "Go to your husband and suck him. Go on."

      Donna didn't move. Bo picked up the poker, but Arvin just took Donna by
the hair and pulled her forcibly across the floor, screaming. Wilbur and Arvin
put Donna in front of Lou's chair, on her knees.

      "Okay, Donna," Wilbur said. "Do it."

      Wilbur and Bo and Arvin all stood around Donna so they could watch.

      "Filth!" Lou said, chokingly.

      "Lou's kind of limp," Wilbur said. "Damn, Lou, I wouldn't be limp if I
had this girl on her knees like this, about to suck my cock with that pretty
little mouth. But that's okay, Donna. You just take that thing in your mouth
and be nice to it and it'll start growing all right. Go on."

      "Don't do it, Donna," Lou said. "Don't give them the satisfaction."

      "You bastard," Donna said. "God damn you. Don't you know what they'll do
to me?"

      "Enough talk," Wilbur said. "Put that mouth to work, girl."

      Donna, shuddering, hesitated. "Please," Donna said. "Don't make me do
this. I don't want to do this. Please. Please."

      "Bo," Wilbur said.

      "All right," Donna said.

      Donna took Lou's limp phallus in her hand, and with a tiny moan brought
her head down to his crotch and put that phallus into her mouth.

      "Damn!" Bo said.

      "Christ!" Arvin said.

      "That's the girl," Wilbur said. "Now get it good and hard so you can suck
it for us. Lick it for him. Lick it all over."

      Donna used her tongue on Lou's phallus, licking it, and it soon began to
grow, swelling slowly.

      "Don't," Lou said in a low voice. "Donna, don't. Don't."

      But Donna didn't stop. Lou was soon big and hard and stiff in her mouth.
Wilbur and Arvin and Bo were crouching around her to get a close look at what
Donna was doing. Donna was crying around Lou's phallus and big tears slid down
her face, but Donna was sucking him, slowly sucking Lou's phallus, sliding her
lips up and down around it, taking all of it into her mouth and pulling back to
the tip of it, her head slowly bobbing up and down. Sucking her husband's
phallus. Licking it. Almost choking on it. As Wilbur and Bo and Arvin watched
all of it. Until Lou, cursing, began to climax.

      "Swallow it, Donna," Wilbur said. "Swallow it all. Just like you told us
you did. Drink it down."

      Lou climaxed with a curse, and Donna, kneeling on the floor in the midst
of the cheering watchers, swallowed his spunk. Swallowed and swallowed and
swallowed, until Lou's phallus slid out of her mouth and she just knelt there,
sobbing and sobbing.

      "I want that," Bo said. "I want it now."

      "Okay, Bo," Wilbur said. "Donna, do that for Bo. Unless Lou wants to tell
us about the gold now."

      Lou said nothing. Bo moved close to Donna, opening his pants.

      "This is good," Wilbur said. "Right here right in front of Lou, so he can
get a good look. Just turn a little bit, Donna. That's it. You watching, Lou?"

      And Donna took Bo's already stiff phallus into her mouth and did to it
what she had done to her husband's, her head slowly, steadily bobbing. "Oh god
DAMN!" Bo said. "Oh, Christ! That is something, all right. Your wife has a
great mouth, Lou. Just a beautiful mouth. And she knows what to do with it too,
doesn't she, Lou? You teach her to do this, Lou? God, she's good. Oh, she's so
damn good. Don't stop, girl. Just take it all. All the way. Watch this, Lou.
Watch what I'm gonna do. Don't stop, honey. I don't want you to swallow mine. I
got something else in mind for it. Damn, this girl is so fucking good! Watch
now, Lou. Watch...this --" And at the last second Bo pulled his phallus swiftly
out of Donna's mouth. Holding her by the hair so that she couldn't pull away,
Bo shot his copious gism right into Donna's face, shooting it all over her
face, into her hair, into her eyes, up her nose, across her mouth. Donna was
crying and trying to pull away, but she couldn't.

      "You want to tell us now, Lou?" Wilbur said.

      "Hey," Arvin said. "I want a crack at her."

      "You got it," Wilbur said. "And after that, we start getting rough. What
do you say, Lou?"

      "Go to hell," Lou said.

      Arvin said, "You know what I want to do?"

      "Yeah," Bo said. "You want to fuck her up the ass. That's what you always
want to do to a girl."

      "That's not all," Arvin said. "I want Lou to be our mattress."

      Bo and Wilbur thought this a great idea. Lou was unbound from his chair
and stripped naked, then put onto the bed, arms pulled back over his head, his
wrists lashed to the top of the bed, ankles bound to the bottom.

      "Lie down on top of him, Donna," Wilbur said. "Face down."

      "Lou," Donna said. "Please tell them. Please, I'm begging you. If you
ever loved me. Tell them. For god's sake make them stop this."

      "I do love you, Donna," Lou said. "I do. But I can't. I can't."

      "Oh you filthy bastard," Donna said. "You're worse than they are. If I
get through this alive I'll never look at you again. I'll curse you till I
die."

      "Don't say that, Donna. You must understand," Lou said.

      "I hate you," Donna said.

      "Lie down on top of him," Wilbur said.

      "I don't want to touch him," Donna said.

      Bo and Arvin and Wilbur tied Donna down on top of Lou, facing him,.
spread-eagled tightly on the bed so that Donna could hardly move, her breasts
mashing into Lou's chest, her torso jammed against his, all of her body
pressing tightly down on Lou's. With Donna in this position, Arvin lay down on
top of her, crushing her still harder into her husband's body. Donna's face was
just above Lou's, for in a burst of inspiration Wilbur had bound her long brown
hair to one of the bed rails at the head, so Donna couldn't lower her head all
the way; but her face was against Lou's, though Donna struggled to turn it away
from him. Lou was looking right into his wife's eyes, and now Arvin pulled
Donna's buttocks apart. "No," Donna was saying. "No!" But Arvin put his large,
stiff phallus against Donna's anus and brutally rammed it into her. Donna was
squalling and yowling and trying to twist, but that body only jammed itself
harder against Lou. Lou's face was terrible. Arvin took Donna without pausing,
hard and fast, ramming her into her husband's body. Donna was screeching like a
demented animal with agony and anguish and horror. Lou was crying now. Arvin
shot hard into Donna's behind and got up.

      "Lou," Wilbur said. "Tell us about the gold."

      Lou said nothing.

      "Look," Bo said. "His cock is hard."

      "So it is," Wilbur said. "See what you do to him, Donna? Fuck him now."

      Donna was crying too hard to hear. Bo grabbed Donna's hips and placed her
into position, so that Lou's cock slid into her vagina.

      "Fuck him, Donna," Wilbur said loudly. The sobbing girl began to do as he
said, moving her hips as much as she could in that restricted and agonizing
position.

      "Whip her," Wilbur said, and Arvin took his belt off and started whipping
Donna up and down her body as she went on servicing her husband. Donna was
screaming and bucking under that whip, coming down across her back, shoulders,
buttocks, thighs and legs.

      After Lou came into Donna's writhing, twisting, spasming body, he told
them about the gold.

      So Arvin and Bo and Wilbur Clifton went away. Leaving Lou and Donna as
they lay.

      Two days later they came back.

      Donna's hair still kept her head from falling; Donna's whip and burn
marked body was still stretched intolerably above that of her husband.

      Wilbur unbound Donna, and they made Lou watch as all of them took her
again, and all of them made Donna suck them until they shot into her throat,
and then they had Donna suck Lou again. At last Wilbur gave Donna his pistol
and told her to shoot Lou, and when she couldn't Bo took the poker to Donna's
breasts, until she did.

      Before leaving they put Donna on the floor and pissed on her body...

         ...............................................................

                        DONNA'S DESCENT by V.P. Viddler
                             na117711@anon.penet.fi

                               Part 2 - The Ranch

      Knowing about the gold, the Cliftons in two months became rich. Wilbur
bought a ranch of his own. Arvin was his manager. Bo was foreman.

      Bo was working horses when Donna walked onto the ranch.

      Bo stared. Donna stood looking around. Donna wore a brown cotton shirt
and black denim pants. Bo waited. Finally Donna came to him.

      "What do you want, Donna?" Bo asked.

      "I want to talk to Wilbur," Donna said.

      "Why?" Bo said.

      "I want to talk to him. Where is he?"

      "What do you want him for?"

      "Will you let me talk to him?"

      "You want something, right?" Bo said. "You want it bad."

      Donna said nothing.

      "You want Wilbur," Bo said, "you got to go through me."

      "All right," Donna said.

      Bo took Donna into the barn, where Donna went down on her knees and took
Bo's phallus in her mouth and sucked him until Bo shot into her throat, and
swallowed it.

      "Go into the house," Bo said. "Wilbur will talk to you."

      "Well, Donna," Wilbur said. "This is a surprise."

      "I have nothing," Donna said.

      "I know," Wilbur said.

      "I can't live this way," Donna said.

      "You want to stay?" Wilbur said.

      "No," Donna said. "But I don't know what else to do."

      "If you stay," Wilbur said, "you'll belong to me."

      "What do you want?" Donna said. "My body? You've already had that. All of
it."

      "I want it willingly," Wilbur said.

      "Oh," Donna said.

      "Willingly," Wilbur said. "Any time I say. Any way I say."

      "Bastard," Donna said.

      "Say you're sorry for that," Wilbur said.

      "I'm sorry," Donna said.

      "Now say what you'll do for me," Wilbur said.

      "All right," Donna said. "I'll give you my body. Willingly. Any time you
say. Any way you say."

      "And," Wilbur said, "in front of anybody I say."

      "Oh god," Donna said.

      "Say it."

      "All right," Donna said. "In front of anybody you say. Bo and Arvin.
You'll share me with them, I suppose."

      "Not only them," Wilbur said.

      "What do you mean?"

      "Come on," Wilbur said.

      Wilbur took Donna out to the corral. All the ranch hands were called out,
all the rustlers and cowboys and wranglers and hands. About fifty altogether.
Wilbur put them in a circle around the corral. He and Donna stood in the
middle.

      "Strip," Wilbur said.

      Donna stood still for a long time. Nobody moved. Six minutes passed.
Nobody moved. Wilbur just waited. And then Donna made a soft breaking noise and
took off her clothes. Unbuttoning the shirt, pulling it off, baring her breasts
to them. Opening her pants. Wriggling out of her pants. Pushing them down, down
over her hips, wriggling to get out of them, down her legs, off. And Donna's
panties. Off. And then Donna lay down on the ground on her back and Wilbur took
her in front of all of them.

      "You'll all have your turn," Wilbur said. "Isn't that right, Donna?"

      Donna, after a minute, said it was right.

      That night Arvin had Donna after dinner, with Donna bending over the end
of the dinner table with her breasts mashing against the top. Arvin took her in
the ass while Bo, Wilbur and two servants looked on.

      Next day Wilbur put Donna out on the porch, naked, her arms pulled up and
out to the sides, each wrist bound with rope which was tied to a porch post,
virtually hanging by her outspread arms. All the hands came to look at her,
passing by all day long, but only Juanito, Wilbur's head wrangler, was allowed
to touch her this day. Juanito spent a long hour playing with her. "Ay,
Mamacita," Juanito said, spitting in Donna's face. His hand slid onto her
breasts, then twisted them until he made her cry out. "Cry for me, Mamacita,"
Juanita said. But Donna did not cry. Juanito slapped Donna's breasts, very
hard. Back and forth. Back and forth, her breasts bouncing and rolling under
his punishing hands. He laughed as Donna moaned and gasped and hissed with the
pain, but Donna would still not cry. So Juanito took out his riding quirt and
began whipping Donna's breasts with it. Donna was shouting in pain, and at last
Juanito succeeded, for Donna was crying along with her screams and she begged
Juanito to stop. Juanito began whipping Donna's legs with his quirt. "Dance for
me, Mamacita," Juanito commanded. "Dance for me with your naked body. Dance!"
And as Juanito whipped at Donna's calves, Donna did a dance of pain, lifting
her legs, kicking, twisting. Again Donna begged. Juanito wouldn't stop until
Donna promised him her body. And that night Juanito made her crawl for him. For
hours. To show what she was.

      Wilbur watched, smiling.

      Two days later Wilbur put Donna out again, again on the porch; but this
time she was hanging virtually by her hair, which was bound to the top porch
rail, and Donna could touch the ground only by standing on tiptoe. In this
uncomfortable position, naked, Donna was in agony. Donna's hands were bound
behind her, so she had to balance on her toes, which soon became impossibly
exhausting, or hang by her hair, which was insupportably painful. Donna was on
display and exhibition as Wilbur's toy, possession and plaything. All the hands
were allowed access to Donna's helpless nakedness, touching, feeling, playing
with her body. Until Wilbur put her on her knees, her hair now bound to a low
rail, holding Donna upright as she knelt in the dirt, hands still bound at her
back. Donna's mouth was now available to all. Man after man stood in front of
her with his phallus in Donna's submissive mouth, and Donna sucked them all and
swallowed their gism. For hours.

      Wilbur that night took Donna to his bed and took her body for hours, with
an uncontrollable passion for her inability to avoid submission.

      "I will keep you for my personal slave from now on," Wilbur said. "But it
will mean pain."

      "I have much pain now," Donna said.

      "Do you think about the poker?" Wilbur said, and Donna was pale.

      "Not that. Please not that. I am yours, my body, my mouth, all of me is
yours, do with me as you will, I'll obey, I'll submit, I will not protest. I
will do what you want. Please show mercy, please. Anything but that."

      "Only if you surrender your will. All of it. And willingly give to me
your pain, as a gift for my entertainment. Willingly give your agony and
anguish for my satisfaction. Will you do that, Donna?"

      "If -- if I can," Donna said.

      Wilbur lit up a long, thin cigar. Puffing it into glowing brightness, he
handed it to Donna, who lay naked on his bed. "Put it out," Wilbur said. "On
your right nipple."

      Donna's hand was shaking. "How often must I do this?" Donna said.

      "As often as I say," Wilbur said.

      Donna was crying. "I can't stand you," Donna said. "You disgust me. You
killed my husband. You raped me. You broke my spirit. I have nothing. I want to
die."

      "You can't die," Wilbur said. "Put out the cigar, girl."

      Donna took a long shaking breath and broght the burning cigar tip to her
right nipple and ground it out on the pink flesh. Donna screamed horribly and
twisted onto her side, almost doubling up on the bed. Wilbur took Donna's hair
and pulled her face into his crotch and stuck his phallus into Donna's shouting
mouth. Donna, crying hard, began to suck him. Wilbur watched Donna's bobbing
head.

      "Think about Lou," Wilbur said. "Think about him watching this. Your
husband watching you suck me and Bo and Arvin. Think about swallowing all our
spunk and Lou watching it all. Lou is here with us now, Donna. Don't stop. I'm
coming in your mouth. Watch this, Lou. Watch THIS..."

         ...............................................................

                        DONNA'S DESCENT by V.P. Viddler
                             na117711@anon.penet.fi

                              Part 3 - The Animals

      "Of all the animals you ever brought me, this is by far the prize-winning
specimen," Orin Bask said, looking hungrily over Donna's body, hog-tied and
naked in the back of Wilbur Clifton's truck. Orin was about sixty, fat and
panting.

      "Well, Orin," Wilbur said. "Don't I supply you with anything you need to
accomodate your studs with? How many damn cows and pigs and horses and god
knows what have I brought you?"

      "And I always paid through the nose for it, too," Orin said. "And, damn,
this is the most pricy animal I ever contracted for."

      "But it's damn worth it, you gotta admit," Wilbur said.

      "Well, it sure fucking looks good, I'll say that. Fact, Wilbur, this fine
animal is too good for my hands. Shit, how about we let those fuckers wait for
their fun, and bring this bitch inside for a while. I wouldn't mind having a go
at her myself. Damn, that's truth!"

      "I'll just bet. But hell, Orin, I don't mind. It's all in your bargain.
She's yours for all day, and who and how many studs she services ain't no skin
off my back. I sure as shit had my fill of her, I can tell you that. I had to
tame the bitch and break her in good. And damn straight I did too. Now she does
anything I want. And I mean anything. So when you said you had fifty horny
hands who had to have servicing, I thought why not? So I hog-tied her just like
a pig or a calf and stuck her in the truck and this is it. Now you got all day,
and if you want to play around with her a bit first, why not? If you want, I
can show you some of her tricks."

      "Good. Bring her into my living room."

      Wilbur carried Donna across his shoulders into Bask's house.

      "You can stay," Orin told Wilbur, "but by god first I want this gorgeous
animal to bring me off. I can't wait."

      "Okay, Orin. How do you want it first? You want her loose?"

      "No, I like it just how it is.

      Donna was lying on the floor, on her stomach, with her wrists tied
painfully behind and her legs drawn painfully up, ankles bound to wrists,
thighs straining, calves quivering. Bask sat in a chair right in front of her,
pulling out his cock.

      "I want to fuck that mouth first," Bask said. "Just pull on her hair a
little bit, Wilbur, to raise her head up for me, okay?"

      Wilbur did that, pulling hard until Donna's head was forced up, neck
straining, mouth pulling open.

      "How's this?" Wilbur, using thin cords, lashed Donna's hair to the ropes
around her wrists and ankles. Donna's hair strained at her scalp, her mouth
staying open, gasping sounds of pain coming out of it.

      "Fantastic," Orin said. "Just right."

      "You want her to ask you to fuck her mouth, Orin? You want to hear her
beg for it? She will, you know. If I say so. I can make her do anything. You
want to hear that?"

      Bask was gazing raptly into Donna's pain-filled, wild eyes. "Hell, yeah,"
Bask said.

      "Donna," Wilbur said, "do it. Ask Orin to fuck your mouth, and do it nice
now."

      Donna, with her mouth unable to close all the way with the pulling of her
scalp, could not speak too well. "Eesh," Donna said, gasping. "Eesh --
wuh-wuhck -- wuhck -- wy -- uhh uhh -- ouf -- outh."

      "God damn!" Orin said, grinning. "You trained this bitch good, all right.
Ask me again, bitch."

      Donna said it again.

      "No," Orin said. Moving forward in his chair, he positioned his stiff
cock just in front of Donna's straining mouth. "You do it. Put that mouth over
this and suck it nice and slow. Come on, what are you waiting for? You need a
taste of the whip?"

      Fear joined pain in Donna's eyes. Trying to hitch her body closer by
sliding on her stomach, twisting and writhing, Donna agonizingly forced her
head forward to allow her mouth to slip around Bask's cock. Hair taut against
her scalp, wrists pulling arms up tightly, calves and thighs knotted with
strain and tension, Donna took him into that mouth, closing her lips around
him, moaning around his cock, gasping through her nostrils as that mouth began
sucking him, moving slowly up and down, a moan of pain coming out of her with
each forced lowering of that slowly bobbing head.

      "Slow down," Bask said, and Donna did. "Christ, fabulous!" Orin said
hoarsely. "How did you train her so fucking good?"

      "First the poor lady had no place to turn," Wilbur said, running his hand
proprietarily along Donna's straining thigh. "My brothers and I had to knock
off her husband to find his gold stash. That bastard wouldn't tell us the
location until we spent a full day making him watch us raping this woman, and
doing all kinds of filthy things to her. All of us, all day long. Right,
Donna?"

      Donna was crying, sobbing around Orin's cock as she still slowly sucked
him.

      "So Bo and Alvin and I got that gold and put up our ranch and soon by god
this lady came along and had nothing to live on or anything, so Bo and Alvin
and I made her fuck and suck us all to shit so she could stay with us. And I
lent her out to my hands, and then I found I liked it a lot when old Donna was
hurting and suffering, so I hurt her a lot and soon I was making her hurt
herself for me any time I told her to. Man, that was fantastic! Donna hating me
and hating herself and most of all hating the pain, but doing it, still doing
it any time I said so. It still turns me on, and I want to show you how it
works."

      "Man, that sounds fucking fabulous!" Bask said. "Just let me shoot my
stuff down this fine sucking animal's throat first, so I can watch her
swallowing it all. Lick it, Donna baby. That's it. Don't stop licking now, and
I'm gonna shoot off in your cocksucking mouth, and I want you to fucking
swallow it all. All of it. You got that, bitch? Tell me. Say it."

      "Nn -- nnghh," Donna said, gasping. "Aghh -- awwwow -- ih -- aghhh."

      Which Donna did.

      "Christ on a fucking crutch," Orin said. "That's the greatest blowjob I
had since I made young Diana Farnsworth suck me off in front of her daddy."

      "What?" Wilbur said. "Diana Farnsworth? Why, that girl is only about
sixteen! And her daddy's a goddam minister!"

      "That's right," Bask said, chuckling. "Why, that old Farnsworth almost
ran off with church funds from that old picnic last year. But I caught him at
it, and that man almost burst. I was gonna turn the son of a bitch in, but
Farnsworth he begged and all, and said shit, he'd split that moola with me. I
said I didn't want any part of that. So he said I could have anything of his I
wanted. And right then that fine young girl comes in. And man, I took a good
look at that curvy body and that twitchy little mouth and I said, okay,
reverend, that's what I want, right there. I want your daughter, and I want to
fuck her right now, right in front of you. How's that? Man, he was cursing at
me and shaking and god knows what, and that Diana could hardly stand up, she
was so damn scared. For that gal knew her daddy would do anything to keep out
of jail. Farnsworth was a fucking ghost, and Diana began crying about how she
was a virgin and all. I said I didn't know about if she was a virgin or not,
but I knew damn well that girl had been doing all kinds of fooling around with
boys off in them woods back there, so I thought she would know what was what
all right. So I said all she had to do was to go down on her knees and suck me
off. Right there in front of her daddy, as he watched. Suck me till I came and
I'd spurt all over her face, so Daddy could watch it. Farnsworth was babbling
on, and Diana was sobbing and begging, but you know at last that's what she
did. Crying all the time, but damn, that kid knew it all, and it was so good I
kept on coming right into her face till she almost drowned in it. Shit, I gotta
do that again soon."

      "I want some of that too," Wilbur said. "And I want Alvin and Bo in on
it."

      "But what about our little lady here," Orin said. "You said you'd show me
some tricks with her."

      In a jiffy Wilbur had Donna unbound and then bound again, now sitting on
the floor, sitting straight up with her hair now lashed to a chain hanging from
the ceiling, holding her head high. Donna's legs were spread out along the
floor, pulled wide apart and tightly bound that way. Wilbur, sitting to Donna's
left and slightly behind her, was holding tightly to her left hand. Her right
hand was free.

      "You can see all those marks on Donna's breasts," Wilbur was saying to
Orin. "Not the whip marks, but the small round marks. That's from Donna burning
her tits with my cigar. Oh, some are from my burning her too, but most are from
my making her do it herself. God, that's fun! She burns those nipples and
screams and howls and twists around and burns them again. Isn't that right,
Donna?"

      "Yes," Donna said, so low as to make Bask strain to hear. "That's right."

      Wilbur lit a cigar.

      "And now I want you to show off for Orin, Donna," Wilbur said. "I want
him to watch how you do this to yourself. Because you can't NOT do it, right,
Donna?"

      "Yes," Donna said, whispering.

      "Christ!" Bask said.

      "But now, Donna, I want you to burn your pretty soft thighs for us,"
Wilbur said. And he handed Donna his lit cigar. Donna took it, holding it in
her badly shaking hand.

      "Donna," Wilbur said. "I want you to put that out on your right thigh.
High up on your thigh. On the inside. Just where that smooth luscious skin is
so tender. Put it out, and then I'll light it for you again. Go on, Donna. Do
it."

      Donna tried. The shaking cigar was approaching her thigh.

      "I can't," Donna said.

      "What?" Wilbur said softly.

      Donna's voice was shaking, her body was shaking. "I can't," Donna said.
"I can't do that. Please. I can't do it. Not there. Please."

      "Donna --"

      "Please," Donna said frantically. "You do it. Please. You do it to me.
Burn me all you want. I can't stop you. Burn me and hurt me and make me scream
for you all you want, but I -- I can't. Please. Please. I can't. I can't."

      "You can't?" Wilbur said. His hand was rubbing Donna's hand which he was
holding tightly. "You can't put out that hot burning cigar on your fine soft
luscious thigh? That's too bad, Donna. What if I broke one of your fingers,
Donna? Do you think you could do it then? What if I broke two of them, Donna.
What if I broke three of them? One by one, of course. Do you think you could do
it then, Donna?"

      "Oh god please, I can't, Wilbur, please --"

      "Let's try," Wilbur said, and bent back a finger, hard.

      "No!" Donna said. "No! Don't! Please no!"

      "Will you do it, Donna?" Wilbur said.

      "I'll -- I'll try --"

      Donna tried.

      "I can't! Please do it to me. Do it to me, Wilbur, please!"

      "What a shame," Wilbur said, and bent that finger all the way back.

      Crack!

      Donna's shrill, agony-filled scream shook the walls.

      "Will you do it now, Donna?" Wilbur said.

      "Aagghhh!" Donna said. "Aughhh! Unnhh!"

      "Too bad," Wilbur said.

      Crack! Another finger.

      Donna said, "Aarrrgghhhh! Gghhaauhh! Haugghh!"

      "Will you do it now, Donna?"

      "Yes!" Donna said. "Yes! Please god don't no more yes I'll do it I will."

      "Do it, Donna," Wilbur said.

      Donna, mewling in pain and horror and fear, brought the cigar to the soft
skin high on her inner thigh and ground it into her flesh. Howling with this
awful agony. Donna was writhing and squirming, her body spasming helplessly,
pulling her hair in torturing tugs this way and that against its confining
cords.

      Wilbur, laughing, was handing Donna a newly lit cigar.

      "Do it again," Wilbur said. "Right now. The same spot."

      "Aunnhhh --" Donna said, and Wilbur broke a third finger.

      Crack!

      A shrieking, wild-eyed, twisting Donna put that cigar out on that exact
spot and her howling and thrashing and braying was a joy to both her
companions.

      Wilbur didn't have to break any more of Donna's fingers now. He only had
to play with the ones alread broken. Playing with them, Wilbur had Donna burn
hot marks into her other thigh. And then Donna showed Bask how she would burn
her breasts at Wilbur's commands and how she almost went mad as she did it and
still did it and did it again. Donna's hair was almost ripping out of her scalp
as she was flung helplessly about with pain and agony and torment.

      Until finally Orin said he had to fuck her again and both of them unbound
her and, turning her over, lay her flat on her stomach and Orin lay down on her
and fucked Donna's ass, but soon they put her onto her back and Orin rammed his
cock into Donna's cunt and soon was fucking and fucking away at her, slapping
at her aching breasts and commanding Donna to wrap her legs around his body,
which she did, and all this time Wilbur was holding Donna's hands above her
head, pinning her wrists down and also playing with her broken digits, giving
Donna such pain as to make her body jerk and twist and squirm and writhe,
giving Orin a good time, pleasuring him with that pain-wracked, wriggling body.

      Finishing with her at last, Wilbur and Orin took Donna out to the
bunkhouse. Orin's fifty hands were waiting. And Donna was made to service all
of them, crawling from bunk to bunk, fractured fingers and all, crawling to all
of them, until all had had their fill of her mouth, ass and cunt. And then
Donna was bound to a bunk, tautly spread-eagled, and took on all hands until
nightfall.

      That night Donna was made to ssuck off any animals the hands brought her.
A dog. A lamb. A calf. A pony. Donna, crying, did it all, the hands laughing.

      And finally Donna was tied down in the latrine, kneeling on the filthy
ground, body arching across the dirty seat, hair nailed to the back wall so
that her head lay across the seat hole, mouth wide open. All the hands used
that latrine that night. Pissing into Donna's mouth. Or pissing on her naked
breasts. Or sitting on her face and shitting into her mouth. Or masturbating on
her, their gism splashing across her face and eyes and breasts and body. And
Donna stayed that way until morning.

      Soon Orin Bask and Wilbur Clifton had gotten so hot from watching all
this that they went to pay a visit to Diana Farnsworth. Taking their guns.

      "You can't do this," Farnsworth said. "What do you want?"

      "Damn well you know," Bask said. "I want another crack at that juicy girl
of yours, reverend. And I'm not just talking about her mouth now, either."

      Mrs. Farnsworth was crying.

      "Shit," Wilbur said. "His wife's not bad too, for a broad that age. What
is she, about thirty-eight or so? Still a good body on that. Not bad at all.
Kind of aristocratic, you might say. How about killing two birds tonight?"

      "You can't --" Farnsworth said.

      "Tie that fuck up," Orin said, and Wilbur did.

      "Now," Orin said to Diana. "It's you, girl. Strip down."

      "No!" Mrs. Farnsworth said.

      Wilbur hit her.

      "Please --" Diana said.

      "Let me put it this way," Orin said, and shot his gun, narrowly missing
Diana's feet.

      "Tell Mr. Bask you want to strip for him," Wilbur said.

      Diana was gasping and crying. "I -- I want to strip for you," Diana said.

      "Do it."

      And Diana slowly took off her clothes.

      "What a body!" Bask said.

      "Don't you touch her," Farnsworth said from his chair.

      "Shit," Wilbur said. "Let's make this girl suck off her daddy."

      Diana screamed, as did Mrs. Farnsworth.

      "Christ!" Orin said. "Do that, girl. Go suck your daddy off. Do it good."

      "No," Diana said. "I can't do that. Don't ask me to do that. Please."

      Bask shot his gun again. "Tell me you'd like to," Bask said.

      "I can't --"

      "Hold her," Wilbur said, and as Orin did so, Wilbur introduced Diana
Farnsworth into the pleasure of having lit cigars put out on her nipples.

      "Now," Wilbur said when Diana was only moaning and gasping, body bent,
hands cradling aching breasts, "tell you you'd like to."

      "I -- I -- I'd like to," Diana said, sobbing.

      "You'd like to what?" Orin said.

      "I -- ohh -- I -- I'd like to -- to suck my -- my daddy -- off."

      "I'm waiting," Orin said.

      Diana, shaking and crying, crossed to her father's chair.

      Farnsworth struggled. "No! No! Bastards!"

      Diana got on her knees.

      "No!" Farnsworth said.

      Diana with shaking hands undid his fly and dug out his cock.

      "No! Diana no! For god's sake, no!"

      Diana, still crying, bent her head and took his cock into

her mouth.

      "No!" Farnsworth said. "Nnnooohhh...oohh...ohhh Jesus...

ahh...ohh god aahhh..."

      Diana's bobbing head went on and on and at last her soft lips and busy
tongue brought her father to climax in her mouth.

      "Swallow it, girl," Orin said. "Swallow your daddy's gism. Just like you
did mine. That's a girl. Now you can lay down right on that table and spread
out, and I'm gonna fuck that fine young body all to shit."

      And soon Orin was raping Diana savagely, ripping into her and pounding
away at that springy ripe young body and making her kiss him and arch for him
and hold him tightly with arms and legs until he shot up into that aching,
jouncing cunt.

      "You want this young slut?" Orin said to Wilbur.

      "I do all right. But first I want to warm up with this stuck-up lady
here."

      "Don't lay a hand on me," Mrs. Farnsworth said boldly. "I won't allow it.
I don't care if you shoot me or hurt me or what you may do. I'll die first. If
you want to kill me, so be it. I'll not soil myself with you."

      "Is that right?" Wilbur said. "Orin, kill the girl."

      "You can't!" Mrs. Farnsworth said.

      "Can't I? I can and I will, Mrs. -- shit, what's your first name, lady?"

      "It -- it's Marilyn."

      "All right, Marilyn. Do you want to watch your daughter die?"

      "I -- you -- please --"

      "Orin, shoot her."

      "No!"

      "All right, Marilyn. You have sixty seconds. In that time, this is what
you'll do. If you don't want us to kill Diana right now. You will stand up and
you will take off all your clothes until you're stark staring naked. And you
will go down on your hands and knees and you will crawl for us. You will crawl
around the room, and then you will crawl to me and kiss my boots. And lick
them. Both of them. And you will ask me humbly to rape you. Is that all clear,
Marilyn?"

      "I won't," Marilyn said, choking.

      "All right. Cock the gun, Orin."

      Click-click. Orin's gun was at Diana's head.

      "No!" Diana said. "Please. I'll be good to you, I'll suck you again, I'll
be your slave, don't, please, I'll do anything, I'll fuck you always, please
--"

      Orin's gun didn't move.

      Marilyn stood up, very slowly. And slowly began to unbutton her blouse.
And slowly took it off. And slowly took off her skirt. And slowly her camisole.
And slowly all her underthings. It was a good solid body. And slowly Marilyn
sank down to the floor. And on all fours Marilyn began crawling around the
room. Thighs moving. Breasts swaying. Crawling. And Marilyn crawled to Wilbur
and bowing her head licked his boots. Both of them.

      And Marilyn said, "I beg you to rape me."

      "Again," Wilbur said.

      "I beg you to rape me," Marilyn said.

      Wilbur lit a cigar. He put it on the floor and told Marily to lie down on
it. The tip against her nipple.

      Marilyn did that, and as she was screaming Wilbur was whipping her with
his belt.

      Soon Wilbur called for Alvin and Bo, and as Wilbur and Orin fucked
Marilyn front and back, Alvin and Bo raped Diana's ass and mouth. Diana was
soon fucking her daddy and burning her body and crying and twisting...

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                     GAGGED
                                by V.P. Viddler

      You might as well stop trying to fight it, Judy. You can't get away. You
can go on struggling all you want, I don't mind watching that body twisting and
squirming like that, but it won't do you any good. These four guys holding your
wrists and ankles are all big, strong, tough fellows. That's why I brought
them. And they won't let go, Judy. So why go on trying?

      No, Judy, I'm not going to take that gag away. I know you want to talk, I
know you want to try to bargain with me, Judy, but you can't. In the first
place it wouldn't do you any good, and in the second place I don't want you
making any noise right now. Sorry about that, Judy baby, but the gag stays on.

      I know you're scared, Judy. I can see how frightened you are. That's
okay. In fact, it's nice. I like it that you're scared. I like it that you
can't talk. I like it that you can't move. It shows that you're in my power,
Judy darling. Totally and irrevocably in my power. I can do anything I want to
you. And I will, Judy. Oh yes, I certainly will.

      Look how scared she is, boys. Isn't that fabulous? Listen to Judy trying
to talk, trying to beg for mercy. Look how her eyes bug out. Such pretty eyes.
Such a pretty mouth, even with that gag in it. And such a pretty body.

      That body is mine, Judy. Mine. All of it. I'm going to take that body,
Judy baby. I'm ging to take it every way I know. I'm going to plunder it and
rape it and hurt it and destroy it. That's what I'm going to do, Judy.

      Oh look, she's crying. Darling Judy is crying. That turns me on, Judy, do
you know that? Your crying turns me on, and it probably turns these guys on
too. Right, guys? That and your fine luscious curvy sexy body. Which, by the
way, I'm going to give to them when I'm finished with it.

      Oh, Judy doesn't like that, guys. Don't shake your head, darling. I can't
be so selfish as to keep the pleasure of raping you all to myself. I can't do
that. And besides, I'm going to enjoy watching all of them raping you. It's
going to be a kick. An extra kick. I'm going to watch it all, and I bet it's
going to go on for a long time, Judy. And I want to watch all of it. I'll watch
Harry here raping you, and I'll watch Jim raping you, and I'll watch Buddy
raping you, and I'll watch Sal raping you. And not just your cunt, Judy. I
think they'll want to sample your ass too. And that pretty mouth of yours. I
know I will. We'll have to take the gag out so you can use your mouth on us,
but by that time you won't want to make any noise. Oh, you'll probably want to
scream, but you won't. I'll see to that.

      I think Judy's going crazy, guys, the way she's trying to talk so bad,
and twisting around like that. All that moving around is making your skirt pull
up, Judy, and it's showing us those fabulous legs of yours. Almost all the way
up, too. Damn, you have great thighs, Judy baby. Great calves too. I always
said that. But those thighs are fantastic. You know, I always wanted to put my
hand on them. And now I can, can't I, Judy? I don't think Judy wants me to do
that, fellows. Gosh, that's too bad, Judy. But you see, I can do it if I want
to. Can't I, Judy darling? I can do anything with you that I want. And I will.
And right now I'm going to put my hands on your fine soft curvy gorgeous
mouth-watering thighs. Like this. Ah. Ah yes. Damn, that's fine. Soft and warm
and smooth.

      Crying again, Judy? We're just getting started. Now I'll just run my
hands up under that skirt. And what do you know, that pulls that skirt further
up. all the way up. And look at those beautiful legs, boys. All spread out that
way, too. That is damned inviting, Judy. Pull them farther apart, guys. Damn. I
love the way her muscles and tendons stand out that way against the flesh, and
how that flesh is drawn so tight and taut. It must hurt, right, Judy? It looks
like it hurts.

      Listen to how she squeals, guys. Trying to yell through the gag. Relax,
Judy. Why don't I just get rid of this skirt, it's just in the way, right? I'll
just cut it off with my knife. Like that. Why are you whimpering like that,
Judy? I'm not going to cut you with it. Not yet, anyway.

      I'll be cutting those panties off too, Judy. But first I want to play
with your breasts a little. Don't shake your head, Judy darling. You can't
think I don't want to play with those lovely high round firm provocative tits
of yours, can you, Judy? Those breasts just always bounce and jiggle and jounce
so sexily as you walk around. You can't walk around now, darling, but I love
the way that stretched-out body makes them stand out against that shirt. You
don't wear a bra, do you, Judy? You never did, I think. Just walk around giving
all the guys a hard-on with those jiggly bouncy breasts. Now I can see your
nipples poking up through the cloth of that shirt, Judy, and I think they must
be all hard with fright. Right, Judy? Hard with fear? I'm going to put my hands
on your breasts now, Judy. Try and stop me.

      Damn, I love having you this way. Helpless. Spread-eagled. Gagged.
Squirming and mewling. And my hands all over your fine sexy tits. Like this. Ah
yes. Oh yeah. Like this, Judy. Like this. Damn, they're nice. I can't wait to
see them, and I will, Judy. All of us will. But right now I just want to feel
them. Like this. And touch them all over. Like this. And squeeze them. Like
this. Hard. Like this. It hurts, doesn't it, Judy. Oh yeah, that's good, arch
that body, try to scream, yes. Yes!

      All right, Judy. I'm going to open this shirt now. I'm going to open it
slowly. So I can watch your face as I do it.

      One button.

      Two buttons.

      Three buttons.

      All the buttons.

      And now I'll pull your shirt open, Judy, and all of us will look at your
naked breasts.

      Listen to her moan!

      There. There they are, boys. Is that beautiful or what? Fantastic, Judy.
So round, so shapely. And what fine pink nipples.

      What I'm going to do to those nipples.

      But that can wait. I'm going to play with these titties for a while, and
I'm going to put my mouth on them and kiss them and lick them and bite them.
She's fighting again, boys. Hold her still.

      That's fine, Judy, Christ that's just fine. I'll just cut the shirt all
the way off. And while I'm at it I might as well cut your panties off too. Stop
squirming, Judy, or I might cut your pretty little cunt.

      Okay. All naked. And there she is, boys. Our Judy. Sexy stubborn proud
snobbish stuck-up aristocratic bitch Judy. Naked as the day she was born.
Spread out for us to do with her as we will. Helpless and crying.

      Now I'll just take my clothes off and I'll be all ready, Judy. All ready
to fuck you. All ready to possess you. All ready to rape you, Judy darling. Oh
yes, cry for me.

      I guess Judy doesn't like me lying on top of her like this. Lying on her
body, crushing it under me. Too bad, Judy. It feels wonderful to me. And now
I'm going to take you, Judy darling. I've thought about this for a long time.
And now I'm going to do it. And there's nothing you can do about it, Judy
darling. Not a goddamn thing you can do.

      All right, here it is, Judy. I'm going into you. Right now. Ah. Ahh. Ahhh
yes damn yes Christ yes that's good oh shit yeah that's so fine Christ it's
fine oh baby Judy baby you are so warm and tight and squirmy down there damn I
love this ahh Judy darling and such crying and moaning and writhing, Judy, I'm
inside you and I'm raping you and you can't stop me, Judy, you can't do
anything, Judy, you're all spread out and pinned down and you're nothing but a
toy for me, Judy, a helpless, crying, hurting girl toy, and I'm in you now,
Judy, and I'm fucking you, Judy, and I'm raping the shit out of you, Judy, and
I can do it as much as I want to. Cry for me, baby, squirm for me, make those
funny gagging frantic sounds, I love it, Judy, I love it and I'm raping Judy,
aren't I, darling, raping, raping, raping sexy pretty untouchable Judy.

      I'm doing it too fast, though. It's such a temptation for me to rape this
body like a barbarian, just pump away savagely and rip your guts out. But that
way it wouldn't last too long, and I want to fuck you for a long time, Judy. I
want to go on raping you for hours. So I'm slowing down, and I'll just take it
nice and slow, nice and easy, like this. Oh that's nice, yes. Slow. This way I
can truly enjoy it, truly savor it, truly take the last bit of pleasure from
watching your face as I rape you, Judy darling. Watching that face twisting
with horror and hatred and disgust and terror and pain and rage -- helpless
rage -- and agony. That's so nice, Judy. And that twisting, bucking body is so
wonderful.

      But it's not fighting so hard any more, is it, Judy? It's getting tired
and it can't get up the strength so easily, right, darling? It's still a great
fuck, though. I could fuck it all day long. But that wouldn't be fair to the
guys here. They want a crack at you too, like I said. So I think we should
maybe liven you up a little, Judy baby. Just to provide a bit of inspiration,
you know what I mean? It will be fun, too. Fun for me, anyway.

      Harry, light me a cigarette. Don't stop holding her down, now. That's it.
I knew you could do it. Thanks, Harry. Better get another one ready.

      What's the matter, Judy? What? Oh, I know you'd like me to take the gag
off, but not just yet, Judy. I don't want to talk about this, I just want to do
it. Look how frightened Judy is now. She doesn't want me to do anything nasty
with this cigarette. Right, Judy? But I'm curious, Judy. I just have to see how
it will feel to be inside you and on top of you while I'm burning hot little
kisses into that soft gorgeous skin.

      Oh my, listen to that wild babbling noise! That's probably nothing to
what's going to be coming through that gag in a minute. Now she's squirming
again. But you can't get away, Judy. Darling desperate Judy. You can't do
anything to get away.

      Now to start with, I think I'll just try the first hot little kiss right
here on the side of your breast. Oh it looks so tender and sweet and
vulnerable. You can't avoid it, Judy, you may as well quit pulling away like
that. Right here.

      Right... here!

      Ahhh. Ahh Christ that's good. Oh that hurts, doesn't it, Judy? Oh yes,
that really hurts. Oh, that's so painful, isn't it? Did you see the way she
arched up off the bed? Right up against me, twising and bucking. And did you
hear that beautiful muffled scream? Damn, it felt so great with my cock inside
her. You guys will have to try that also, when it's your turn. Damn, that's one
of the most fabulous sensations I ever had.

      I have to do that again.

      Listen to Judy trying to howl! Don't shake your head at me, Judy baby.
I'm going to do it again. And again and again and again. I want that body
arching and bucking and twisting with my dick inside it, and I want to watch
your eyes roll so wildly as I do it to you, and I want to hear that awful
frantic gaggy  stifled shriek coming out of that pretty twisting gagged mouth.
So again, Judy. I'll try the other tit this time. Right here by the base.

      Right... here!

      Yes! Shit! God! Fuck! Ahh Judy darling buck that body, look at her
flailing with pain, god, I can't stop myself from coming if you keep that up,
Judy. But I'll try anyway, so I can do it some more. Listen to that noise!
Listen to her sobbing. Wonderful! Sobbing, moaning, mewling, rolling, bucking.
I'm going to come by god I can't help it, I'm coming in you, Judy, you sweet
hurting twisting bitch, you fine sexy pain-filled crying gagging jerking naked
thing you, I'm -- no.

      Wait. I won't. I'm not. Not yet, Judy. Not yet. I'm holding on. I'm not
finished with you yet, Judy darling. Not by a long damn shot, I'm not. I have
more to do with you. I'm going to hurt you a lot more than this.

      Your titties hurt, Judy? Sure they do. But that's just a start. I haven't
touched your nipples yet, Judy. Look at her face! Darling hurting Judy. Shall I
burn your nipples now? No? What about your thighs. I'd love to grind this
cigarette high up on this thigh, high up inside where that skin is so soft and
tender and --  No?

      Well I'll tell you what, Judy. I'm going to do it anyway.

      Christ, that's wild!

      What's all that moaning, Judy? No more? Harry, light me another
cigarette.

      Oh yes, it hurts, I know, Judy. That hurts so much, right, Judy? It's
unbearable, isn't it? You'd do anything if I'll only stop doing that, wouldn't
you, Judy? Isn't that what you're trying to say? That you'll do anything I want
if I stop burning you? Look, she's nodding. Oh, she's nodding very hard. Very
hard.

      So you'll do anything I say, will you, Judy? Nodding, that's nice. I'm
still fucking you, Judy. Still raping you. I'm not going to stop that. And I
love to see you in pain. But maybe if you do what I say I'll stop burning you.
All right? Nodding so hard it's pathetic, isn't it, guys?

      All right, Judy, I'm going to go on fucking your fine little cunt, but
it's not fair to keep my boys waiting so long. Now take Harry there. Harry is
the one pinning down your right wrist, Judy. Strong, isn't he? Now what I want
you to do, Judy, is to suck Harry's cock for him. Will you do that, Judy?

      What?

      I guess I have to kiss you again to get an answer, Judy. No? Yes?

      Too late, Judy. I want to kiss this other thigh anyway.

      Oh yes, that must be the worst one yet. Oh that really was a bad one,
wasn't it, Judy? You almost passed out on that one, but Christ your body came
all the way off the bed, you know that?

      So what about it, darling? Don't you want to suck Harry's cock for him?
Yes? Look, Harry, look how hard she's nodding now. See how much she wants to
suck you off? Isn't that nice?

      Okay, Judy. Now I'm not going to stop fucking you. And Harry's not going
to stop holding you down. Harry will just move forward a bit and you'll be able
to turn your head and reach him with your mouth. Okay? Now I'm going to take
the gag away, Judy, but I want you to listen to me now. I don't want you to say
a word. Is that clear, Judy? Don't say a thing, don't make a sound. Just turn
your head and open your mouth and take Harry's cock into it. All right, Judy?
That's the girl. And Harry will fuck your face and you'll suck him and lick him
and take him down your throat, and when he shoots off in your mouth I want you
to swallow every drop of it. Without gagging. All right, Judy? Will you do
that? Nod again. That's a good girl. And I'm going to be raping you all the
time and Harry will be raping your mouth. Okay?

      I'm taking the gag out, Judy. All gone. No, not a word, Judy. Not a
sound, or by Christ I'll burn you all over till you're nothing but a sexy piece
of charcoal.

      Okay, Harry. Take it, Judy, take that prick in your mouth right now.
That's it. That's right. How's that, Harry? Is she good? Suck on it, Judy baby.
Do it good and bring Harry off in that luscious mouth. See that pretty head
bobbing? Is her tongue working, Harry? Why don't you grab her hair so you can
make her suck at any speed you want. Don't worry about hurting her. That's it.
Do it, Judy, and I'll keep fucking. I like that crying, don't you guys? Crying
with her mouth full. Stuff it down her throat, Harry, and if she gags on it
I'll singe her nipples for her.

      After this, Judy, you can suck all the other guys. And then I'll turn you
over and fuck that ass of yours. Harry's coming already. Can't blame him,
though, not with that pretty sexy sobbing twisting crying mouth working on him.
Swallow it, Judy. What? She's gagging on it. Didn't I warn you about that,
Judy? Finish up on her face, Harry.

      Okay, now put that gag back on. I said I'd hurt you, you helpless crying
bitch, and I haven't begun yet. Harry, Judy gagged on your gism, so I want you
to do this. I'm going to lie here on top of her with my prick all the way
inside her pussy and I'm going to enjoy the shit out of her. Every jerk, every
spasm, every pain-filled scream. Okay, Harry, I want you to break Judy's
fingers. One by one.

      What, Judy? I can't understand that awful gurgling. Do it, Harry.

      One! Yes! Shit! What a twisting, bucking, hurting girl!

      Two! Aaahhh Christ, she's flopping around like a fucking fish, and listen
to that howling right through that gag!

      Three! I can't do it, I can't hold on, I have to come in this sweating,
straining, spasming body. Again!

      Four! Sweet hurting twisting agonizing body, you want it to stop, don't
you? But it won't, Judy darling, it's going to go on and on. Don't pass out on
me, Judy, or else I'll burn your breasts down to little black mounds of ash. Do
it, Harry.

      Five! I can't, I'm coming, I can't stop it, I'm coming in you, Judy,
shooting right up your belly, now! Yes! Here! Take that! Take that! Ahhh shit
Yes! Yes! Yes! Ahhh.

      Judy. Darling. Hurting Judy. I'll be back to you, Judy. I'm not finished
with you. But now I'm giving you to Jim and Buddy and Harry. Maybe Jim or Buddy
would like to fuck you while I break all the fingers on your other hand. I'd
like to do that, you know, Judy. I'd like to take the gag off again and listen
to you screaming yourself hoarse as I do that. One by one. Screaming and
howling and shrieking in agony and bucking helplessly under Buddy as he rapes
you and rapes you. And maybe your toes as well. Watch you flopping around,
crazy with pain, howling out of your mind as all of us fuck your cunt and your
ass and your mouth. All day long, Judy. All night long too.

      That's what I'm going to do to you, Judy. And then I'm going to start
raping you again, raping that gorgeous hurting twisting naked helpless
agonizing writhing arching straining flopping suffering broken body again and
again and again and again. Until you can't even talk any more, until you're
babbling crazy frantic things and begging us to fuck your mouth and crawling
around aimlessly on the floor on your broken agonized hands and scrabbling with
your broken feet and begging us to kill you, sucking us and kissing us and
fucking us and pleading with us to kill you and then I'll make youy watch as I
do it all to your sexy snob of a sister.

      Cry, Judy...




                   GLORIA by V.P. Viddler

                          Part One

    The girl was young and long-haired, very beautiful, very full-
bodied, and very frightened. Her eyes begged silently, but she knew
it was futile to ask for mercy. Her body shook.

   "I am going to tell you what you will do, Gloria," the man said
softly. "You will do exactly as I say. Won't you, Gloria?"

   The girl nodded, but an involuntary whimper came from her mouth.

   "You will go to my house," the man said. "You will go into the
living room.. There you will strip naked. You will take off all
your clothes, and stand utterly naked."

   The girl swallowed hard.

   "Next," the man said, "you will take your panties and stuff them
into your mouth. All the way in, until you gag on them. And then
you will take your brassiere and wrap it around your head to keep
the panties form coming out. You will tie it tightly-- tightly,
Gloria--in back of your head."

   Gloria was biting her lip.

   "And then," the man said, "you will go to the chair in the
middle of the room. Above it, hanging from the ceiling, you will
see a pair of handcuffs. You will stand on the chair, and you will
raise your arms and put your wrists into the handcuffs. You will
close each handcuff tightly around your wrist. Again-- tightly,
Gloria. Until the metal is digging into your skin. Is that
understood?"

   Gloria was sobbing. She nodded quickly.

   "Your body will now be stretched tautly, but your feet will be
supported by the chair. And now, finally--you will kick the chair
away. Do you understand me, Gloria? You will kick that chair away
very hard, so that it falls over. So that you cannot possibly touch
it with your feet. Do you follow me, Gloria?"

   Tears ran down Gloria's face. She could hardly speak. Her voice
shook badly. "Y-yes...oh, I--oh...y-y-yessss..."

   "Good," the man said. He paused. "And then, Gloria--you will
wait. You will hang there and wait. It will probably be some time.
You will hang there. Your body will stretch to the breaking point.
You will hurt horribly. You will sweat. You will moan through your
gag, and hurt, and hang there, twisting slightly, sweat running off
your straining, aching body."

   "Oh, god!" the girl cried. "Oh, god, oh god..."

   "At last, I will come in," the man said, his eyes glittering.
"In good time. I will come in and find you...hanging there.
Dangling like a beautiful animal, aching and gasping and shamefully
exposed. Do you know what I will do, Gloria? I will watch. I will
sit down in a comfortable chair, and I will watch you hanging
there, suffering. I will enjoy your suffering, your pain, your
gasps and muffled cries. I will watch your eyes begging, pleading
with me to take you down. I will laugh. I will suggest terms upon
which I will let you down. I will suggest you do horrible things,
Gloria--disgusting, degrading, inhuman things--and I will watch you
accept, watch you nod desperately, agreeing to crawl and eat shit
if only I will end your unbearable suffering. But I will not.
Because you will do all those things, Gloria--later. First, when I
have enjoyed your pain and horror long enough--I will take off your
gag. So I can listen. As you beg. And then as you scream. While I
do things to your lovely dangling body. Unimaginable things,
Gloria. To your luscious flesh. You will scream your head off,
Gloria. And when I have ruined your body, I will fuck you until you
die. Your body clutching at me until you are dead..."

                  * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                          Part Two

    "My god! You don't mean you actually did that!"

   "But I did. I had no choice."

   "I can't believe it. You mean you--you--"

   "Yes. I obeyed. I went to his house and I stripped myself naked
and I handcuffed myself from the ceiling and I kicked the chair
away and I hung there. I hung naked by my wrists. And waited. And
hurt like hell. I couldn't believe the pain. I thought my arms
would pull out of their sockets. I thought my skin would rip, I was
stretched so taut. I was gasping and sweating and wishing I could
black out, long before he finally showed up. And when he did, I
would have done anything for him to let me down. Anything. And he
did just as he said--he sat down in front of me and watched.
Gloating. While I suffered. God, I hung there in front of him,
naked and dangling and sweating and making horrible choking noises
through that foul panty gag. That was from trying to scream and
beg. And he played with me just like he'd said. He said if he took
me down would I crawl on my belly for him, would I lick out his
ass, would I eat his shit and drink his piss, would I suck cock for
all his friends...and on and on, and Jesus, I was in such horrible
pain, I nodded, everything he said I nodded and nodded and...and he
laughed. And watched me hanging there and crying. And finally he
got up and put his hands on me. Prodding and pinching and rubbing
my body. And Christ, I was so bad off I tried to climb all over
him, tried to grab him with my legs so I could get some relief for
my wrists and arms. My doing this gave him a hard-on, and he took
me just like that, he fucked me while I hung there, and I was
crying and sobbing and at the same time trying to wrap around him
to stop my pain. He came inside me and then left me hanging again.
But he took off the gag and I did what he wanted, I blubbered and
babbled and pleaded and told him he could do anything to me. And he
did. And I screamed. I screamed all night long."

   "Jesus! I can't--holy shit! I--the thought of you like  that--
naked, dangling, twisting--oh god--"

   "It turns you on, doesn't it, you bastard?"

   "I wish I could have seen it."

   "You son of a bitch."

   "Gloria, god, you hanging there, panting and sobbing, your head
hanging back, your long hair falling down, your gorgeous long legs
kicking helplessly, your round breasts bobbling, promising to be a
slave, to crawl, to fuck and suck--"

   "You--you want me to do it for you, don't you?"

   "I can see you crawling, Gloria. Kissing the floor. Licking it.
Your beautiful sexy young breasts swaying, your flesh rippling as
you crawl across the floor to take some stranger's cock in your
mouth."

   "Don't--"

   "Your lips fascinate me, Gloria. YOur lovely round soft young
lips are an invitation to fellatio."

   "You don't have to hurt me."

   "Pull your skirt up. All the way up. Take off those panties. Put
them in your mouth."

   "Wait--"

   "Say, I am going to put my panties in my mouth. Say it, Gloria."

   "You can't--"

   "Say it, Gloria."

   "I...am going to...put my panties...in my mouth."

   "Do it. Stuff them in. Good. Open your shirt. You know what to
do. Look at your tits lift as you raise your arms. Don't put your
arms down, Gloria. I'm going to touch you for a while. I'm going to
watch your body go stiff. Stiff and straining with pain. I don't
need handcuffs, do I, Gloria. You won't dare move. Squirm, yes,
that's it, young Gloria, and writhe and twitch. I'm going to fuck
you now. Wrap your legs around me. Yes. As if you were hanging
naked, hanging and hurting and twisting and howling behind your
gag. Coming in your body. NOW NOW NOW..."




                                  HURTING JILL
                                by V.P. Viddler
                             Part One - The Father

      Four o'clock in the morning. Mason, coming from the bathroom, heard Jill
gasping. Gasping and whimpering, as if in pain. What was wrong? In alarm, Mason
pushed open the door of his daughter's room, peering through darkness.

      "Jill?"

      "Shit!" Mason heard, a masculine voice, and sudden frantic thrashing
sounds.

      "Daddy -- go away," Jill said, but Mason stood stricken, until a large
disheveled form sprang toward him, brushing him aside, running down the stairs
and away.

      Rustling sounds now from Jill's bed. Mason now found presence to turn on
the light. Jill was arising from her bed, wrapping a blue terrycloth robe
hastily around her. Clothing, mostly Jill's, was lying on the floor and tossed
on a nearby chair.

      Mason stood staring, thuderstruck. Jill, tying her robe, looked back at
him, half-defiant, half-guilty. A beautiful girl, Mason thought automatically.
So pretty. Jill's long straight blonde hair, a bit tousled now but still
glorious, hung down below her shoulders. Her soft brown eyes, somehow innocent
and knowing at once. Her mouth was -- her body -- god -- his daughter's body --

      "Jill -- Jill, what -- what do you -- my god --"

      Jill nodded. "All right, Daddy," Jill said. "All right. You caught us.
It's not a big deal. Okay?"

      Mason was staring. "My god!" Mason said. "Jill -- you -- Christ -- you're
only -- you're still in high school --"

      "Not for long," Jill said. "Anyway, I'm a big girl now, Daddy. You know
that, don't you, Daddy? You've noticed."

      "Christ!" What could he say? He had noticed. Jill had noticed him
noticing. "Jill -- you -- you were -- you sounded like -- as if you were crying
or --"

      "Were you listening, Daddy?" A small quirk of the mouth.

      "I -- I was just going by, and -- I heard --"

      "He was hurting me," Jill said. "I like it when he hurts me."

      "You -- you what?"

      "I like it when he hurts me," Jill said. "It turns me on. Now. What else
would you like to know, Daddy?"

      "Jill -- you -- I should -- I ought to --"

      "What, Daddy?" Jill said. "What would you like to do?"

      Mason was silent.

      "Go back to bed, Daddy," Jill said. "Just forget about this. It's not a
big thing. I know what I'm doing. All right, Daddy?"

      Mason shook his head, stubbornly. "No," Mason said. "I can't just -- just
ignore this. You're my daughter. And you're still not of age. You can't just --
do things like this. I can't allow that. I have to -- do something to --"

      "All right, Daddy," Jill said. "What do you want to do? You want to
punish me?" Jill took a slow step toward him. Instinctively Mason almost took a
step back, but stopped himself.

      "Jill --"

      "It's all right, Daddy," Jill said. "If you want to punish me, go ahead.
I guess I deserve it." Jill took another step toward him. "What do you want to
do to me, Daddy?"

      "Jill -- I -- I don't think --"

      "You want to spank me, Daddy?" Jill said. "Spank me hard? With your belt?
Is that what you want to do, Daddy?"

      "Stop," Mason said. "Stop it. Just stop."

      "I'm sorry," Jill said. "I thought you wanted to punish me."

      "I do," Mason said.

      "All right," Jill said. She was close to him now, and she put out a hand
to his belt buckle, and she began to open it."

      "No!" Mason said.

      Jill's hand stayed at his buckle. "Don't you want to hit me, Daddy?" Jill
said.

      "Jill -- for god's sake --"

      Jill pulled the buckle open. And slowly tugged at his belt, until it slid
around and out of its loops, and now it dangled from her hand. Jill held it out
to him, and slowly Mason took it. Then he put it down on a chair. Jill, looking
at him, stepped back from him. "You want to, Daddy," Jill said. "Don't you?"

      "You -- damn it -- I want to -- Jill --"

      "I know," Jill said. "All right. Do it."

      Jill untied the belt of her robe.

      "My god," Mason said. "Jill --"

      "What, Daddy?" Jill said.

      Mason said nothing. And Jill, slowly, slid the robe from her body and let
it fall to the floor.

      She stood naked, still, as Mason's staring eyes moved over her body. All
over. Jill's breasts, high and firm and round, so gorgeous, with small
exquisite pink nipples. Jill's thighs, magnificently molded, curving lusciously
down into fine, intricately shaped calves. Jill's stomach, flat, smooth,
beckoning. Jill's hips. Jill's body. Jill. His daughter. Turning now, turning
slowly, to let him look at her back, her saucily thrusting buttocks, the form
of that body from all angles. And now facing him again. Naked.

      "Jill -- you -- you bitch -- what are you --"

      "Don't you like it, Daddy?" Jill said.

      "You -- you should be --"

      "I should be punished?" Jill said.

      "Yes," Mason said. "Yes!"

      "All right, Daddy," Jill said. "Shall I lie on the bed, so you can hit
me? Do you want to tie my hands, so I can't --"

      "Stop!" Mason said. "You dirty bitch, you filthy --"

      Jill's eyes went to his belt on the chair. "Tell me what you want,
Daddy," Jill said.

      "Yes," Mason said. "I want to punish you. I want to hurt you. I want to
hit you. Yes."

      "All right," Jill said.

      "But you'll -- you'll make too much noise," Mason said. "You'll scream.
You'll wake up your mother and your brother."

      Jill stood looking at him for a moment. Then she turned to the chair on
which some of her clothing was lying discarded, and took up the pair of pink
silk panties from on top of the pile. Bunching them up in her hand, she brought
them up to her face; then, looking straight into his eyes, she opened her mouth
as wide as she could, and slowly, deliberately, stuffed the panties into it.
Filling her mouth. Pushing them back into her throat, packing them tight,
stuffing in any bits of cloth that still hung out.

      Mason could only stare, but he knew his breath was audible. His heart
must be also.

      Now, mouth packed, cheeks distended, lips unable to close around that
pink wad, Jill turned to the chair again, taking up one of her stockings.
Which, calmly, she proceeded to place across her mouth, and around her head,
holding the panties in place, to prevent herself from being able to push them
out of her mouth. Now Jill was tying the stocking at the back of her head, just
lifting her hair out of the way; tying it, knotting it once, and again; pulling
the knot tight, so the stocking dug into her  face until her flesh was bulging
around it. All the time watching Mason's eyes.

      Mason, as Jill raised her arms to tie the stocking, could not help
dropping those eyes to Jill's enticing young breasts as they lifted with that
motion, swaying and quivering slightly as Jill worked at that knot.

      Thoroughly gagged now, Jill took up the remaining stocking, which she
held out to Mason. A bit numbly, his loins throbbing, his brain awhirl, Mason
took it from her. Now the gagged and naked girl slowly and with an erotically
submissive gesture, held both arms out toward him, crossing them at the wrists.

      Mason looked long at the soft, steady eyes above the gag. And felt
himself stiffening. It occurred to him as from a distance that he was in his
pajamas. How foolish he must look. Inexplicable rage swept him, a form of lust,
Mason knew; but he was lost now, and he brought the stocking up and swiftly
wrapped it around Jill's waiting wrists, pulling it tight, lashing her wrists
tightly together, twining it round, tying it off, knotting it doubly, as she
had with the other.

      When it was done, Jill moved to the bed. As if in a dream Mason watched,
as Jill carefully let herself down onto that bed, lying down on it, on her
front, lying flat, her legs straight, flat, together, her breasts crushed
beneath her, and her bound arms stretching out toward the top of her bed, in
position to be tied to it; which Mason now did, pulling an end of the stocking
that bound her wrists around a horizontal rail at the bottom of the headboard,
pulling it until her arms lay taut, almost straining, and tying it that way.
Now Mason could look at the bound, waiting, outstretched body of his young and
naked daughter, the long, smooth expanse of back, the rising, lusciously
curving buttocks, the long, marvellous legs. He was almost panting now, lust
and rage filling him, and his belt was in his hand without his knowing how.

      "All right," Mason said, not recognizing his voice. "All right, Jill. All
right." Through a haze he saw her. Where to -- that back -- Should he -- he had
to -- buttocks -- thighs -- Christ -- all of it -- he would --

      Crack!

      Almost unconsciously, but with all his strength. Across Jill's back. His
loins jumping. Jill's body leaped, Jill yelling into her gag. Only muffled
sounds came out. What a good job she had done. Again.

      CRACK! Just below the first one. "Mmmmmghh!" Jill screamed.

      Oh god. That body twisting in pain. Again.

      CRRRRAAACCCKK!

      Satisfying stripes across that smooth young back.

      "MMMMMMMMMMMGGHHHH!" Arms straining as body writhed. Legs kicking up from
the bed. Then waiting. Panting, muffled gasping through her nostrils. But still
now, waiting.

      CRRRAAAACCCCKK!

      "NNNNNNNGGGGGHHHHH! MMNN-NNNNNNGGGHHH!!"

      Hard, throbbing, lusting for what he couldn't have, Mason was into it
now. CRACK! Across those illicit buttocks, making Jill squirm and roll.
CRACCKKK! Across her thighs, brutally, again, again, listening to Jill's soft
screaming, again and again. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Wanting that stifled
screaming, wanting that body twisting and bucking with each blow, that head
rolling, hair shifting across that soft striped back, those thighs spasming,
calves kicking, and the "NNNGGHH! NNNGHH- NNNNNNGGG!!" at each crack. Across
Jill's thighs, and Jill's buttocks, and Jill's hips, and Jill's back. Again and
again and again, until he couldn't any more, arm giving out, breath rapid,
blood boiling through his body. Stopping. Standing, looking down at her, belt
dangling. And Jill gasping, whimpering into that gag, panting through her nose,
gradually quieting.

      And Mason saying, in that stranger's voice, "Turn over."

      Which Jill, slowly, painfully, did. Turning until she lay on her back,
looking up at him, lying there, arms straight above her head, pulling her
breasts up, showing all of them, only slightly flattened by that position,
rising and falling. All of her lying there. Waiting. Eyes watching him above
the tight gag, soft and full of pain and -- what? No begging. No recrimination.
Waiting. For more? For him to hit her again? On the breasts. On the stomach. On
the breasts.

      His loins aflame. His cock hard, aching. Jill saw. Jill was looking at
his crotch, where his pajamas bulged with his obvious passion. "Mmmm," Jill
said. And she raised her right leg from the bed, raised that exquisitely
exciting leg, stretching it, to reach her foot toward his crotch, to touch that
bulge with her toes.

      Startled, Mason jerked back -- but not enough. Jill's toes, now touching
his hard, erect cock. Rubbing it. Curling against it. Until now the pajamas
slid slightly, and his cock pushed through the open fly, standing stiff and
naked in the air. Mason couldn't move. Couldn't do anything. As Jill now slid
her foot along the length of that throbbing cock, slowly, deliberately,
caressing it, appreciating it.

      "Mmm-nnnhh," Jill said.

      "Jill," Mason said, croaking it. "Jesus -- Christ -- Jill --"

      Now Jill lowered her leg again, lying as before. Looking at him.
"Mmm-nnnhh," Jill said into the gag. And then, slowly, gradually, spread her
legs for him. Watching him. Her legs parting. Opening. Wide. Wider. Splayed
now, ankles hooking over the sides of the bed, thighs straining. Jill's crotch
exposed. Open. Waiting. Jill's eyes on him.

      "Mm-nnhh," Jill said, raising her hips. Offering herself. To him. His
daughter. So young. So wicked. So desirasble.

      "Jill."

      Waiting. Writhing. Beckoning. His pajamas fell. His pajama shirt, gone.
Naked now, naked as Jill. His hands on her body. Clasping her breasts. "Mmm,"
Jill was saying. "Mmhhh."

      "Oh god!" Mason said, and now he was with her, on her, feeling all of
her, his cock poking, searching, finding --"God!" -- and taking, taking her,
taking Jill, taking his own daughter, taking, it was so good, it was glorious
and horribly evil. Doing it now, Jill under him, against him, squirming,
heaving, bouncing, and now those thighs clasping him, circling his body,
holding him to her, Jill moaning through that gag, moaning, gasping,
whimpering, and rage took him again and he pounded against her, battering her
body, pressing her whip-striped back against the bed, wanting to hurt her, and
Jill was loving it, twisting and mewling and bucking and spasming now, coming
under him, climaxing wildly, and Mason now too, coming hard into his daughter,
exploding his anger and lust and horror into that wanton body.

      Did he black out then? But now he was almost sane again, untying Jill's
gag, pulling the panties from her mouth. Still lying on top of her, still.

      "Daddy," Jill said, husking it. "Oh, Daddy."

      "Shut up," Mason said. Untying her wrists now. But not taking his body
from hers.

      "I love you, Daddy," Jill said.

      "Stop it!" Mason said. "You're sick, Jill. You're an evil bitch. What can
I do with you?"

      "Anything, Daddy," Jill said. "Anything you want. You want to punish me
some more?"

      "You bitch," Mason said. "You like it too much."

      "You like it too," Jill said.

      "What you need," Mason said, "is a punishment that you won't enjoy so
much."

      "Like what, Daddy?"

      "I don't know," Mason said. "But I'll think of it."

      "I think you're getting hard again, Daddy," Jill said.

      "Shut up," Mason said. "I don't want you any more."

      "Your cock wants me," Jill said, squirming against him.

      "No." Mason tried to pull away, but gave in to Jill's arms and legs
around him.

      "Daddy," Jill said. "I'm not gagged any more."

      "So what?" Mason said. "If you think --"

      "I mean," Jill said, "if you don't want to take me again, you could put
it in my mouth."

      "What?" Mason said, his stomach dropping. Spinning.

      "In my mouth," Jill said. "I want to taste it."

      "Jill --"

      "Taste it all," Jill said into his ear. "I'll suck it for you, Daddy.
Wouldn't you like that? I'll suck it until you shoot in my mouth, and I'll
swallow it for you. Okay, Daddy?"

      His brain was sinking, it was unthinkable, but somehow he was crouching
over her, moving, crawling up on the bed, straddling her, moving up until he
was crouching above her face, bringing himself down to her mouth, his stiff
cock pointing at Jill's mouth, that mouth opening for him as Jill lay flat, as
before, arms still stretching to clutch the headboard, mouth open, lips eager,
parted, tongue waiting, and now Mason was probing at her lips, pushing past
them into her mouth, far into her mouth, all the way into Jill's welcoming
mouth, and Jill's soft lips closing around him, and her tongue licking at his
hard flesh, and all of her soft warm wet mouth holding him, taking him,
gloriously loving him, sucking, and now he was moving slowly, moving back and
forth, in and out, taking that mouth, fucking it, fucking his daughter's mouth,
in and out, going deep, deep, until Jill was holding him in her throat, gagging
slightly but taking him, and back, that tongue moving, caressing, and Mason was
going crazy with it, the pleasure of it, the ecstasy of it, and Jill all the
time looking into his eyes, looking at him as she sucked him, as he fucked her
face, softly, moaning around his cock. "Christ!" Mason said. "You're so good,
Jill, god, your mouth, your fine mouth and your soft lips and god you're
driving me crazy and I'm going to come, Jill, I'm --" And Jill said, "Nnngh-
nnnghh. Mmnnnghh." And Mason was coming now, shooting it all into Jill's
gulping throat, as Jill swallowed and swallowed and swallowed, moaning,
gasping, licking at him still until he had nothing more to give her.

      Mason fell beside her, exhausted, and then said, "I know. I know!"

      "What, Daddy?"

      "I know what to do with you now, Jill," Mason said. "It's perfect. YOu
may not like it, Jill darling, but that's what punishment is supposed to be
about, isn't it? I'm going to like it. And I'm quite sure your brother will,
too."

      "Danny?" Jill said. "You mean Danny? What does that little twerp have to
say about it?"

      "Now, Jill," Mason said. "That little twerp is only a year younger than
you. In fact, as I'm sure you are aware, today is Danny's birthday."

      "So what?" Jill said, but Mason heard a touch of fear in her voice. He
smiled.

      "Well, Jill," Mason said. "You're going to be Danny's birthday present.
From me."

      "What!" Jill sat up, blazing. "No way! No damn way!"

      "Now, Jill," Mason said. "Just think how happy Danny will be to be given
his sexy big sister for his birthday. I'll bet he thinks about your body all
the time."

      "I'll bet he does, too," Jill said. "That little bastard is always trying
to catch me naked, or looking up my skirt or trying for a quick feel. That
filthy jerk!"

      "But now he'll have the real thing, won't he? All his. What a gift for a
growing boy."

      "No!" Jill said. "I won't do it. Christ, that's sick! I hate that little
cockroach. Just forget it, Daddy. I won't. No way. God, it makes me sick just
to think of it. I won't, that's all."

      Mason sat up also. "All right then, Jill," Mason said. "Let me put it
this way." With sudden swiftness his hand shot out and twisted in Jill's long
blonde hair, pulling her head back cruelly, holding her that way. Jill cried
out, her body arching backwards with the painful pull on her scalp, making her
breasts thrust invitingly.

      Gasping with pain, Jill swiftly brought her hands up to his in a
reflexive attempt to pry it away, but it was obviously futile, and Jill dropped
her hands, writhing with pain, head pulling back, neck stretching, torso
arching tautly. Jill's moans and gasps now took on a new coloration, still
agonized, but with more than pain in them now. A quality Mason had heard from
outside her door, not long ago.

      "You're right," Mason said, pulling harder on Jill's hair. "You're right,
Jill. You do like pain. You like to be hurt. You hate it, but you love it too.
Isn't that right, Jill darling?"

      "Yes," Jill said, gasping. "Yes, Daddy... yes... please..."

      "Please what?" Mason said. "Please stop? Is that it? Make up your mind,
Jill. Do you like it or not? Do you really want me to stop? Do you, Jill?"

      "Yes --" Jill said, moaning it. "No -- I -- I don't know -- oh god, oh
Daddy god --"

      "Look at you," Mason said. "You're hurting like hell, but you still can't
help loving it. It turns you on, all right. Your nipples are all hard, Jill.
All stiff and pointy."

      "I know," Jill said. "I know. Please, Daddy." Mason held her as she was.
"Such pretty young nipples," Mason said. "Now what if I did something nice to
them, Jill? Something like this." And bringing his free hand to Jill's breast,
Mason snapped hard with his fingers, snapping the small stiff protruding pink
nipple quite sharply with his fingernail. Jill gave a loud gasp of pain.

      "That was nice, wasn't it, Jill?" Mason said. "Should I do it again?"

      "Daddy -- no -- I --"

      "Okay," Mason said, and did it again. Hard. Jill shouted, and her body
twisted, pulling her hair harder, bringing another cry of pain.

      "How about the other one?" Mason said.

      "Daddy -- no --" But Mason did it anyway. And then again. And again. Jill
was sobbing now, writhing on the bed, almost screaming at each blow.

      "How about it, Jill?" Mason said. "You want to be a good girl and give
this sexy body to your brother for his birthday?" He tugged Jill's hair
brutally, now clamping his thumb and forefinger onto Jill's pained and
throbbing nipple, thoughtfully squeezing it. Jill was squirming continuously,
caught agonizingly between unsupportable anguish and uncontrollable passion.

      "Ahh!" Jill said. "Owww! Daddy -- I -- don't -- Ahhh! Augghh! All right!
All right! I will! Yes! Ahh! Stop! Please oh Jesus all right I'll do it oh damn
Daddy stop ahh ahh --"

      Mason let Jill go. Shaking now, filled with agony and ecstasy, Jill was
crying. Slumping now with her face in her hands, she was to Mason more
diabolically desirable than ever. But he ignored his rising passion. "All
right, Jill," Mason said. "That's enough. Put your hands down."

      Slowly Jill got control of herself, putting her hands down and turning to
face him. In Jill's eyes now Mason saw a true submissiveness, which was so
arousing that he could scarcely hold back an impulse to have his daughter
again; but now he was also excited by this new direction he had thought up for
his willful daughter's castigation.

      "Now," Mason said, "I think we might as well give Danny his birthday gift
right away, don't you, Jill? I'm fairly sure he won't mind being woke up for
such an occasion. What do you think?"

      "Daddy --" Jill said. "Daddy, I -- I don't want to do that. Oh god, I
really don't."

      "I know," Mason said. "I know that, Jill. But you will, won't you? You'll
do just as I say from now on. Won't you, Jill?"

      "I -- Yes," Jill said, whispering it. "Yes, Daddy."

      "Good," Mason said. "Now let's see. I don't think you have to get
dressed, do you? I think Danny's pleasure will only be intensified if I bring
you to him naked. Don't you think so, Jill?"

      "Yes," Jill said in a low voice. "The filthy cockroach will love it."

      "Right. But a present should be wrapped in some way, shouldn't it. Lie
down, Jill. On your stomach. And put your hands behind you."

      "Daddy --"

      "Do it," Mason said. And Jill did. Slowly and reluctantly she lay down,
turning on her front. "Hands back," Mason said. "Cross your wrists."

      "Daddy --" Jill said.

      "What?" Mason said. "What, Jill?"

      Jill said nothing. She brought her arms back and crossed her wrists for
him. Using the stocking that had held her panty-gag in place, Mason quickly
bound Jill's wrists tightly together.

      "Good," Mason said. "Now my gift is properly tied. All right, Jill. Let's
go surprise Danny. I can't wait to watch the expression on his face..."

                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                                  HURTING JILL
                                by V.P. Viddler
                             Part Two - The Brother

      Danny was sleeping when Mason came into his room. Mason shook him awake.
"Happy birthday, Danny," Mason said. "I brought you a birthday present."

      "What?" Danny said. "Huh? Jeez, Dad, what -- it's the middle of the
night! What are you --"

      "I couldn't wait," Mason said. "Sorry, son, but the thing is, I don't
think you'll mind when you find out what this present is. I don't think you'll
mind a bit."

      "But -- what -- what is it, Dad?" Danny said.

      "I'll bring it in now," Mason said, turning on the light. "You ready?"

      "I guess so," Danny said, mystified.

      "Okay," Mason said. "I'll just get it for you."

      In the hall, Jill was waiting.

      "Okay," Mason said.

      "Daddy," Jill said. "Please. I don't want to do this. Not with him.
Somebody else -- anybody you say, Daddy -- but not him. Please, Daddy. Please."

      Mason shook his head. "What a stubborn little girl," Mason said. Grabbing
Jill by the hair again, Mason pulled upward, bringing a loud cry from  Jill and
forcing her up onto her toes. "Let's go," Mason said. "Let's go, little
birthday present." And still holding Jill strainingly straight with his grip on
her hair, Mason walked her, on her toes, into her brother's room.

      Danny, sitting up in bed, was still half-asleep; but he came instantly
fully awake as Mason brought Jill into his room, his eyes wide with
astonishment, his mouth dropping open, staring at the astounding sight of his
hitherto haughty, snobbish, usually contemptuous big sister, completely naked,
that forbidden body totally bared to him, with her hands bound behind her back,
being led helplessly toward his bed by his father, his hand pulling at her
hair, walking painfully on her toes, her luscious legs rippling and flexing
with strain, her fantastic nude breasts bobbing and rolling, nipples stiff and
pointing -- his sister  Jill -- was this all a dream? -- and his father had
said that this was -- his birthday present?

      "Christ!" Danny said hoarsely, not trusting this vision. "Holy Jesus
Christ!"

      "Happy birthday, Danny," Mason said. "And here is your present. Do you
like it?"

      Jill was not looking at him. Danny had to swallow. "Dad -- what -- is
this a joke or -- Christ!"

      "No joke, son," Mason said. "I'm giving you Jill for your birthday. You
can play with her all you want. Isn't that right, Jill?"

      "Daddy --" Jill said.

      Mason pulled upward still more, bringing Jill to the tips of her toes.
"Isn't it?" Mason said.

      "Yes!" Jill said. "Yes, Daddy."

      "Right," Mason said. "Now wish your brother a happy birthday."

      "I --" Jill said, in a low voice. "I -- Happy birthday, Danny."

      "Christ!" Danny said.

      "How about singing it, Jill," Mason said. "A birthday isn't complete
without the happy birthday song, you know. Sing `Happy Birthday' to your
brother."

      "Daddy," Jill said. "For god's sake --"

      Mason twisted his hand, bringing a loud hissing sound from Jill as she
writhed, trying to ease that pressure, her hands pulling vainly at their bonds.

      "You see, son," Mason said, "Jill digs pain. It hurts her like hell, and
she can't stand it, but it turns her on too. That makes her crazy. That's how
you can control her. You got it? Pain. Like this."

      Jill was sobbing now, and when Mason let go of her hair she bent forward,
gasping and crying, her hands clutching at nothing as the bound wrists
restrained them, until Mason commanded her to stop and straighten up, which the
still gasping girl did.

      "All right," Mason said. "Now sing."

      And with a quivering, almost inaudible voice, breathless and gasping,
standing unsteadily in front of him, though still not able to look at him, Jill
began to sing. "H-Happy birthday -- to -- you," Jill got out, with much effort.
"Happy -- b-birthday to you -- Happy -- birthday -- dear -- D-D-Danny --
Hap-Happy birthday -- to -- you."

      "That's the girl," Mason said. "Now tell your brother that you are his
birthday gift, and that he can do anything he wants with you. Anything at all.
And that you'll do your best to be good for him. Tell him that."

      Jill was biting at her lip.

      "Tell him," Mason said.

      "I --" Jill said. Now she looked at him finally, one swift, momentary
glance, then looked away again. Danny was beginning to encompass this now, the
total enormity of this astonishing situation. Danny was now starting to
appreciate what was going on -- not only his snobby sister's sudden
availability, her nakedness and his inexplicably promised access to her body,
but her helplessness, her servility, her humiliation and shame and degradation.
All this was most arousing to him, and his cock was stiff and throbbing beneath
his blanket. "I --" Jill said. "D- Danny, I'm -- I'm your birthday present. And
-- and you can do anything you want to me. And I-I'll be -- I'll try to -- to
be good for you."

      "Damn!" Danny said.

      "How about it, son," Mason said. "Do you like your present?"

      "Hell, yes!" Danny said. "God, Dad, I -- this is -- I can't -- I mean,
how did you -- what did --"

      "Don't worry about that, son," Mason said. "Just enjoy it. Now. What
would you like Jill to do first?"

      "Christ!" Danny said.

      Mason reached out and pulled Danny's covers off. Danny was naked, his
cock standing up tall and throbbing. "Well, that's a start," Mason said. "Jill,
how about sucking on Danny's cock for him. Just to start things off. What do
you say, son. Would you like your sister to suck your cock for you? She's got
quite a talented mouth, our Jill."

      "Damn!" Danny said. "Sure!"

      "On your knees, Jill," Mason said. "Down on the floor, on your knees,
like a good little slave girl, and suck Danny's cock. And do it good, Jill. Go
on."

      Jill barely hesitated, but Mason put his hand in her hair again,
twisting, and forcing Jill down onto her knees beside Danny's bed. "That's just
right," Mason said, letting go. "Now take it in your mouth, Jill. And suck the
hell out of it."

      Jill, gasping, and with tears in her eyes, slowly bent her head to her
brother's crotch, and, opening her mouth, took his cock inside it. Danny caught
his breath sharply, then moaned as her soft lips closed around him. An
occasional sob still came from Jill's throat as she began to suck that hard
young cock, head bobbing up and down, kneeling there on the hard floor with her
wrists bound behind her.

      "Oh, Christ!" Danny said. "Oh Jesus god, that's good, oh shit, Dad, I
can't -- it's -- oh my god --"

      "Good, isn't she?" Mason said. "Look at that mouth! Don't stop, Jill. I'm
sure Danny would love to come in your mouth. That's it. That's a fine little
cocksucker. Isn't your sister a good little cocksucker, Danny?"

      "Damn!" Danny said. "Yes -- Jesus -- yeah, a great -- great cocksucker.
Oh god, sis, that's great, Jill, you're a great cocksucker, Jill, you bitch, I
love doing this to you, shit, cocksucking bitch, I always dreamed about this,
having you this way and fucking you too. I can fuck her too, can't I, Dad?"

      "Of course," Mason said. "You can do anything you want to her, just as
Jill said."

      A sobbing sound came from Jill.

      "And if she gives you any trouble," Mason said, "hurt her. And she'll do
anything."

      "Shit," Danny said. "I can't stand it, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna shoot
--"

      "Good," Mason said. "Jill will swallow it for you. Won't you, Jill?"

      "Nnngghh," Jill said, and Danny, with a shout, shot into her mouth, and
Jill swallowed it. All.

      "Okay," Mason said. "I think I can leave you two alone now. Jill, I think
you should stay right there and hold Danny's cock in your mouth until it gets
good and hard again, and then he can figure out what he wants to do with you.
Good night, son. Enjoy your present. And happy birthday again."

      "Thanks, Dad," Danny said, and Mason left, closing Danny's door behind
him.

      It wasn't long at all until Danny's cock was again stiff and eager within
Jill's clasping mouth. "Okay, sis," Danny said. "I want to fuck you now."

      Jill slowly took her mouth from his cock. "Danny," Jill said. "Look. This
is -- I mean, we can --"

      "What's wrong, Jill?" Danny said. "Don't you want to fuck your sweet
little brother?"

      Jill's eyes blazed at him. "You cockroach!" Jill said. "I'd rather fuck a
pig, and you know it."

      "Yeah," Danny said. "I know that, all right. That's why this is gonna be
so much fun."

      "Look," Jill said. "We can make a deal here, okay? If you --"

      "Forget it," Danny said. "I want your body and now I'm gonna get it. Now
get up here on this bed. Or do I have to call Dad back in?"

      "I don't care what you do, you little turd," Jill said. Slowly she got to
her feet, awkwardly because of her bound hands. "How about untying me?" Jill
said. "Just take this off and  I'll --"

      "Hell, no -- I like you that way," Danny said. "Now lay down here and
spread those gorgeous legs for me. This is gonna be a kick and a half, big
sister."

      "All right," Jill said. "All right, you bastard. Get your kicks." And
Jill lay down next to Danny on his bed, her bound hands crushed beneath her,
her torso arching slightly as a result, her breasts upthrusting, her legs
straight.

      "Damn," Danny said, touching her, running his hands over her amazing
body. "To think this body is mine now."

      "Just do it, damn you," Jill said tightly.

      Danny rolled over on top of her. "Open your legs, sis," Danny said; and
with only the briefest of hesitations, Jill did. Danny rejoiced in his sister's
enforced submission to him. "Look at me, sis," Danny said, relishing his power
and Jill's humiliation. "Look at me as I take you." And with Jill staring
straight up into his eyes, Danny slid himself inside her. Slowly. Watching
Jill's eyes. Taking her. All the way.

      "I'm fucking you, Jill," Danny said, moving slowly. "I'm fucking my
gorgeous snotty sister. How do you like it, Jill?"

      "Bastard!" Jill said.

      "Hey, Jill," Danny said, moving. "Is it true what Dad said? About you
liking pain? Is that right?"

      "Go to hell," Jill said.

      "I bet it is," Danny said. "I just bet it is." And now Danny brought his
right hand up to Jill's hair, as he had seen his father do. Jill flinched
automatically. Danny took a fistful of that long yellow hair and slowly,
gradually and deliberately tightened his fist around it, pulling at it, pulling
hard, until Jill was gasping with the pain.

      "Danny -- Danny, don't --"

      But Danny didn't stop. Jill's torso was starting to twitch now, and her
breathing was rapid. "Danny -- please -- Danny --"

      "You do," Danny said triumphantly. "You do like it. You do! Don't you,
sis. You love it. Right Jill? Right, big sister? It gets you crazy. Doesn't
it?"

      "Yes!" Jill said. "All right. Yes. All right. Yes. Do it. Do it to me, do
it, hurt me, Danny, all right --" Jill's body was writhing now, her hips moving
faster in rhythm with his thrusts. "Hurt me, do it to me, yes, I love it, yes,
I want it, it hurts, hurt me, yes, god, hurt me Danny, I'll -- I'll --"

      "You sweet bitch," Danny said, pulling hard at her hair, pounding at her
body. "I've got you now, you stuck-up cocksucker, I've got you now, you're mine
now, you hear me, Jill? Mine."

      "Yes!" Jill said, moaning. "All right, Danny, yes, hurt me, yes, I want
it, I'll do anything for you, I'm your slave, Danny do it AUUURRRGGGHHHH!"
Jill's legs were wound around him now, clutching him against her squirming,
twisting body, and Danny was coming, and Jill was coming, and it all blew up
and Danny burst inside her as Jill's body paroxysmed and shook and collapsed.

      Danny stayed on top of her, loving the sensations of Jill's soft but firm
breasts flattening against his chest, Jill's thighs stretched apart by his
body, Jill's torso rising and falling against him with her rapid breathing, and
knowing that he was crushing Jill's bound arms beneath her body with his weight
on her. Jill, moaning occasionally with the pain, was also getting off on it in
her way. Danny put his hands on Jill's breasts, clutching them tightly,
occasionally clamping his hands around them savagely, to watch what it did to
her, the agony and the passion in her face, and to savor the thrill of that
body stiffening and squirming beneath him.

      "Damn, Jill," Danny said. "Damn, you're something all right. And I bet
Mom is still thinking you're a virgin, too."

      Jill bit her lip in pain as he clamped her breast, but nodded. "Daddy
did, too," Jill said. "Until tonight."

      "Tell me about that," Danny said, and Jill did, moaning as he played with
her.

      "I think I understand something else too," Dnny said. "You're a lousy
student, sis, and I always wondered how you got such good marks. Now I think I
know. Like this last term, you got all A's and B's, right? Now I know how you
did it. Don't I?"

      Jill gave him a small grin. "Yes," Jill said. "Five subjects and I didn't
have to crack a book."

      "Because all your teachers were men, right?"

      "Four of them," Jill said. "The fifth was a woman who likes girls."

      "Christ!" Danny said, hurting her. "Tell me all about it, sis."

      "All right," Jill said. "I'll tell you about Mr. Jarvis. You'll like
that."

      "Jarvis? The math guy?"

      "Yes."

      "He's about fifty years old!"

      "Right. I had to work on that one. Most of them, I'd go to their office
and lock the door and start taking my clothes off, and that would be that. I'd
be down on the floor with them or lying across their desk as they took me or
sitting on their laps in their chair, or sucking them off on my knees, or
something. But Jarvis was tough. Until I found out what he liked."

      "What?" Danny said.

      "To hit me with this long thin wooden ruler he had. On my breasts."

      "Jesus!"

      "Yeah. He'd make me lie across his desk, with my head hanging off one
side, and he'd stand behind me and start whacking me with this thing, and damn
hard too, right on my breasts, one at a time, taking turns with them. When he
did this so many times that I'd start to scream, he'd stick his cock in my
mouth and I had to suck him off, upside-down. And he didn't stop hitting me
while I did it, either."

      "Christ!" Danny said, fondling Jill's breasts. "That must hurt!"

      "It hurts like hell!" Jill said.

      "But you liked it, right?" Danny said.

      "Why?" Jill said, a little breathlessly. "Do you want to do that to me?"

      "Yeah," Danny said. "But not just that. I have something else in mind for
these gorgeous things." And he squeezed Jill's breasts as hard as he could.

      "Aaugghh!" Jill said. "What -- what do you have in mind?"

      "You might not like it," Danny said.

      "Tell me," Jill said.

      Danny looked straight into Jill's eyes. "I want to burn them," Danny
said.

      Jill caught her breath sharply.

      "Burn -- burn them?" Jill said faintly.

      "That's right," Danny said. "With cigarettes. Just like in all the dirty
books. You think you'd like that, Jill?"

      "No," Jill said.

      "You sure?" Danny said.

      "Danny -- Jesus --"

      "You're hot, Jill. Your nipples are all stiff."

      "I know," Jill said.

      "You want it," Danny said.

      "No," Jill said. "Oh god, oh Jesus, Danny, I don't -- I --"

      "I want to do it," Danny said.

      "Danny," Jill said.

      "What?" Danny said.

      "Take me," Jill said. "Do it to me, Danny. Fuck me. Now."

      "Ask me nice," Danny said.

      "Please," Jill said. "Please, Danny, please do it, please fuck me, Danny,
I'm begging you. I'm begging you now, please fuck me, fuck my body, take it,
please, Danny, I want it, please --"

      And Danny did...


                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                                  HURTING JILL
                              by V.P. Viddler Part
                             Three - The Drugstore

      Jill didn't smoke, nor did Danny, so that night they went to a local
drugstore to buy cigarettes. The boy behind the counter was Mitch, whose father
owned that store, and who was in Jill's class at school.

      "All right," Danny said to Jill. "You get them."

      Jill, looking at him for a long moment, shrugged then and approached the
counter. "Hi, Jill," Mitch said.

      "Hi, Mitch," Jill said. "Uh -- I want a pack of cigarettes."

      "You do?" Mitch said. "What kind?"

      "I don't know," Jill said. "Anything."

      "King size," Danny said. "They last longer."

      Jill gave a tiny shudder.

      Mitch got a pack and Jill paid for it. "I didn't know you smoked, Jill,"
Mitch said. Mitch was short and dark and not good- looking. "I never saw you
smoking or anything."

      "She doesn't," Danny said. "Nor do I, if you want to know."

      "Oh," Mitch said. "But -- I mean why do you want cigarettes for then?"

      "Jill," Danny said. "Tell him what they're for."

      Jill stared at him, flushing. "Danny --"

      "Go on," Danny said. "Tell him."

      "Danny, look --"

      "Tell him, Jill," Danny said.

      Jill stood a moment, then turned back to Mitch. She took a long breath.
"Danny's going to burn me with them," Jill said slowly. "On my breasts."

      Mitch stared at Jill, stunned, his mouth dropping, obviously not
crediting what he had hears. Jill was moving away, but Danny stopped her.

      "Jill," Danny said in a low voice, "ask him if he'd like to watch."

      Jill stood stricken. "What?" Jill said, croaking it.

      "Ask him if he'd like to watch," Danny said.

      "Danny --" Jill said. "Danny, wait -- listen --"

      "Ask him," Danny said.

      "I can't -- Danny no -- I can't do -- oh god --"

      "Do it," Danny said.

      "You bastard," Jill said. And Jill walked back to Mitch's counter. Danny
saw that Jill was flushing, and her breasts rising and falling rapidly.
Humiliation and passion. Danny's blood was burning.

      "Mitch," Jill said, her voice low but clear. "Would you like to watch
Danny burn me?"

      Mitch was so flabbergasted that he could hardly make a sound, but he
managed to nod rapidly.

      "Okay," Danny said. "You got it, Mitch. Why don't you lock up now so
nobody will disturb us, okay?"

      Swiftly Mitch locked the door and blacked out the store windows, coming
back to join them by the counter.

      "Danny," Jill said unsteadily. "Right now?"

      "Right now," Danny said. "Right here. Strip down, Jill."

      Jill swallowed. She cast a swift glance at Mitch, who stood staring
dumfoundedly at her, then at Danny, then down to the floor. Jill's hands were
shaking slightly as she brought them to the front of her dark brown blouse and
began fumblingly to unbutton it. Though Jill's shaking hands, flushing face,
and bitings at her lip displayed her fright and humiliation, Danny also saw
that Jill's bosom was rising and falling rapidly, and that her nipples poked
hard little bumps in the silk of her blouse. Jill finally got all the buttons
undone and, still without looking at them, she slid it off, dropping it onto
the floor. A small hiss came from Mitch as Jill's upper torso was thus
revealed, although Jill was wearing a black brassiere to contain the sensuous
bulging of her firm, upright young breasts.

      Jill stood still for a moment, as though awaiting a new command; but
Danny simply waited, saying nothing. And Jill, after a moment, slowly reached
with both hands behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra. Danny could
hear Mitch's rapid, open- mouthed breathing. Jill swallowed, hard. And then
slid the bra straps off her shoulders. And allowed it to fall away. Now a loud
gasp from Mitch, followed by a small moan. Danny smiled.

      "Nice, aren't they, Mitch?" Danny said.

      "Jesus!" Mitch said.

      "You want to feel them a little?" Danny said. "Before they get all burned
up?"

      "Christ, Danny!" Jill said.

      "Go to him," Danny said.

      Jill did. And stood still, her eyes now blazing at Danny, as Mitch played
happily with her breasts, touching and stroking and pinching and clutching and
making harsh whimpering sounds in his throat.

      "Okay," Danny said, and Jill stepped back. The mixture of anger and
humiliation in her face was replaced by a different kind of mix as Danny took
up the cigarette pack, tore it open and pulled a cigarette from it, putting it
in his mouth -- a mix of fright, pleading and passion. Her body was quivering
with terror, but her hard nipples tightened still more, throbbing with that
uncontrollable lust for pain. With wide eyes Jill was watching as Danny struck
a match to light that instrument of coming agony. She swallowed again.

      "I'll scream," Jill said, in a barely audible voice.

      "You know what to do about that," Danny said.

      Jill nodded. With her shaking hands she took hold of the short black
skirt she was wearing, pulling it up high on her thighs, then reached beneath
it to pull down her panties. Stepping out of them awkwardly, Jill now
straightened up with the panties in her hand, and, as she had done for her
father, stuffed them completely into her mouth, jamming them in until nothing
of them remained outside, and that mouth was packed so full that nothing but
the faintest sounds could escape it. As Jill had no stockings this time, Danny
told Mitch to give her his necktie, which Mitch swiftly did, and Jill tied it
tightly around her head to hold that panty-gag in place.

      "Okay," Danny said. "Now come to me."

      Jill's luscious legs looked as if they might collapse as, slowly, the
girl moved stiffly toward where her brother was standing, that brightly glowing
cigarette still in his mouth, though as Jill approached he took it from his
lips, holding it in his hand. Jill stopped about two feet from him and stood
still, her body trembling harder now. Jill's soft brown eyes gradually rose
until they were looking straight into his, melting with fright and lust and
shame and wanting and horror and passion. Danny looked back at her.

      "Jill," Danny said. "I'm going to burn you now."

      "I know," Jill said. Danny understood what she was saying, although what
came through that gag was "Nngg-nnnhh."

      "It's going to hurt," Danny said.

      Jill nodded.

      "I'm going to love it," Danny said.

      "Nngg-nnnhh," Jill said. I know.

      "You want me to do it to you," Danny said. "Don't you, Jill?"

      Jill closed her eyes for a brief moment; then she was looking again into
his. Slowly, Jill nodded her head.

      "All right," Danny said. "Stand still now."

      And Jill did, quaking but not moving, as Danny slowly and carefully,
though firmly, placed the burning tip of that cigarette directly onto the
stiff, quivering pink nipple of Jill's right breast, and ground it out.

      An unearthly, animalistic sound ripped through Jill's muffling gag, and
she shrank back in an uncontrollable attempt to flee from that unimaginable
pain; but Dnny stayed with her, holding his cigarette in contact with her flesh
until it was thoroughly and unmistakably out.

      Choking, awful sounds continued to issue from Jill after Danny had
dropped the cigarette, and as he swiftly lit up another, Jill instinctively
shook her head, hands coming up to cover her bosom.

      "Put your hands down, Jill," Danny said. "I want to burn the other one."

      "Nnnnghh," Jill said pleadingly.

      Danny just waited, and in a minute Jill, her eyes wild, put her hands
down.

      "It was good, wasn't it, Jill?" Danny said.

      "Nnnhhh," Jill said, and it could have meant yes or no.

      Danny puffed his new cigarette into a bright glow and took it in his
hand. Jill, probably without being conscious of it, took a quick step backward.
Danny followed. Jill moved back again, with Danny stalking her step by step
with a sort of grim patience. Until Jill stood with the counter at her back,
unable to go any further. A thin whining sound was forcing itself through her
nostrils. Terror? Importunement? Anticipation? Her panting was making her
nipples a moving target, but Danny managed to hit his mark. As Jill shrank away
from him, crushing her back against the wooden counter, Danny deliberately
kissed his sister's other nipple with that red- hot burning tip, not grinding
it out this time, but holding it stubbornly against that tortured flesh until
it had smoldered and extinguished itself of its own accord.

      Jill, howling into the gag and giving out only those pitiful inhuman
gurglings, now sank down to her knees, crouching over and hugging her body in
an overwhelming miasma of agony. Calmly Danny reached down, took a handful of
Jill's hair in his fist, and pulled upward, bringing Jill scrambling to her
feet.

      "I want to do it some more," Danny said.

      "Nnnhh!" Jill said piteously. "Nnngg-nnngghh!" Shaking her head at him,
trying to slide away from his body blocking her way.

      "Mitch," Danny said. "Hold her arms."

      Mitch scurried around behind the counter and, reaching across it, took
hold of Jill's arms, pulling them back. Jill was struggling, but Mitch got a
tight grip on her wrists, pulling on her arms, so that Jill's body was arched
back over the counter top, arms taut, hips writhing against the hard edge of
the counter, her youthful burn-marked breasts thrusting up and out.

      "That's just perfect," Danny said, coming close to Jill. Jill was gasping
for breath, still trying to fight, body twisting, pulling vainly against
Mitch's grim grip on her arms, flailing legs vainly trying to kick at Danny as
he approached, holding that glowing symbol of inflicted anguish. Jill's skirt
was riding high up on her thighs. Avoiding those wildly kicking legs, Danny
moved between them, his body now almost touching his sister's.

      "This is nice," Danny said, grinning into Jill's glaring, glinting eyes.
"I could fuck you this way. Would you like me to fuck you while I burn you,
Jill?" Jill shook her head wildly; but what Danny saw in her eyes told him
other things. "Sure you would," Danny said. "Mitch, just hike her up a little
bit."

      Mitch, moving backwards, tugged harder on Jill's wrists, pulling
painfully at her arms until Jill's body was hauled further up, with her
buttocks now jamming against the counter edge, almost but not quite high enough
to sit on it, and her upper torso straining back on a slant which did nothing
to diminish the taut thrust of her breasts. "Oh, that's great," Danny said,
unzipping his fly. "Just fantastic." Pulling out his stiff and ready cock.

      Jill made a moaning sound.

      Mitch was staring in astounded shock. "You -- you're going to -- with
your own sister?" Mitch said, croaking it.

      "With my own sister, that's right," Danny said, grinning. "You just
watch, Mitch buddy. You watch, and hold her real good, and maybe I'll give you
a crack at her too."

      Jill moaned again, and Mitch caught his breath.

      With his free hand, Danny slid Jill's skirt still higher on her flailing
thighs, pushing it up around her waist. Pushing forward, he parted Jill's legs
with his body, until, with her feet off the floor, they dangled in such an
awkward position that Jill was virtually forced to curl them around his hips,
to stop the muscles cramping and twitching, and to alleviate the strain on her
arms by holding on to him that way. "Good girl," Danny said, and he slid his
cock slowly and easily into Jill's vagina. All the way in. And then he began to
fuck his sister, slowly, almost lazily, sliding desultorily back and forth
inside her. Mitch was goggle-eyed, and Jill was staring at him with that unholy
mixture of fright and arousal.

      "Now, Jill," Danny said softly, raising the hand with the cigarette to
Jill's breast. High mewling sounds came through Jill's gag as Danny, with
tortuous slowness, brought the burning tip gradually closer to that flinching
flesh. And finally made contact.

      This time Danny allowed Jill to pull away after the first agonizing touch
of fire, savoring the way her body spasmed, hips jerking, legs going tight
around him, vagina clutching spasmodically around his cock. Again Danny brought
that cigarette down to touch Jill's shrinking breast, kissing it to her
pinkish- red aureola just at the base of the nipple. Again Jill's body jumped,
harder now, and again the cigarette did its painful job.

      Jill was whining continually now, head straining backward, obviously
howling into that firmly-packed gag, as Danny still used that red-hot
cigarette, alternating it between both breasts now, touching it lightly, then
more firmly, burning all over his sister's tormented breasts, covering their
surfaces with hot burns, and now Danny was moving faster inside her as Jill's
body shook and strained with each touch of fire, twisting, bucking, squirming,
arching, rolling, out of control, and as Danny, his climax bearing down on him,
finally ground out that cigarette viciously into the flesh of Jill's inner
breast, as he shot all he had up into her belly, exploding again and again and
again until it was as though it would never stop, Jill's wildly spasming body,
frantically clutching legs and muffled howlings and shriekings gave rise to a
suspicion that it may not have been agony alone that was driving her so out of
her mind that way.

      Soon afterwards, a moaning, mewling, struggling Jill was being turned
about on that old wooden counter, until she was facing an eager Mitch, with his
pants down around his ankles, while Danny stood behind her. Weak with pain and
exhaustion, Jill could no longer fight, but lay half-reclining across the
counter top, so that Danny was able to look down at her burn-marked body. Jill
was moaning into her gag, but she put up only a faint resistance as Mitch,
first fumbling with his fingers and blindly poking cock at her crotch, pushed
himself into her and began to fuck her quickly, ramming away at that fabulous
young body, harsh grunting sounds bursting rhythmically from his throat.

      Danny, watching Jill's body juddering, her breasts bouncing enticingly
with each hard thrust of Mitch's hips, casually lit another cigarette; and
Jill, seeing this, shook her head, her moans taking on a sound of pleading
terror, her hands waving at him ineffectually. Without effort Danny captured
both of Jill's wrists, holding them easily with one hand as the other took the
burning cigarette out of his mouth.

      "Don't worry, Jill," Danny said, smiling down at the quaking,
outstretched body. "I think your breasts have about had it for now. But maybe
one or two other places -- just to give old Mitch some inspiration. Hmmm?"
Choking sobs were coming from Jill's throat, and tears rolled down the sides of
her face. Mitch was still battering at her. Danny surveyed Jill's writhing
form. "How about that cute little belly-button, for instance," Danny said. Jill
shook her head so hard her hair was flying around her face; but Danny, smiling
at her, bent over his sister's body and carefully placed the cigarette tip
right into her tiny navel, grinding it slowly against that agonized flesh until
it was out.

      The twisting, bucking convulsions of Jill's lower body served to put
Mitch over the top, and he climaxed burstingly into her; but so excited was
Mitch in this most astoundingly unusual situation, that he was almost instantly
hard again; and in a minute Mitch was again fucking away at the tortured girl.

      Now Danny was crouching down to speak to his sister, placing his mouth
close to the ear of the sobbing, gasping, choking girl. "Jill," Danny said.
"Listen, Jill. If I take the gag off now, will you suck me? Will you suck your
brother's cock for him, with that pretty screaming mouth? Will you, sis? Hmm?"

      And Jill, moaning, crying, shaking, nodded. Nodded and nodded, as Mitch
continued to fuck her vagina. Danny now quickly got rid of the tie around
Jill's head, and roughly pulled Jill's now crushed and soaking panties out of
her mouth. Jill frantically took in great gulps of air, gasping loudly as she
filled her starving lungs, and making terrible animal sounds as she exhaled.
Danny now pushed Jill's body down flat on the counter, so that her head hung
down off the edge, with her long blonde hair dangling toward the floor. "That's
beautiful, Jill," Danny said. "Now you can suck me upside-down, just like you
did for Mr. Jarvis." And Danny stuck his cock into Jill's gasping, moaning
mouth, and happily began to fuck it, savoring the flutterings of Jill's lips
and tongue as that mouth clasped him in its warm, wet upside-down grip, while
Mitch was still working away between her thighs. Danny took hold of Jill's
aching breasts and clamped his hands hard around them, bringing intensified
gaspings and moanings from Jill's quivering mouth. Danny did not try to hold
back, but allowed that submissive mouth to bring him to climax, shooting his
gism in short, sharp spurts down Jill's gulping, sobbing throat.

      But Mitch, having begun again almost immediately upon climaxing his first
time, was still not finished. Now, at Danny's suggestion and Mitch's obvious
delight, Jill was spun around again on the counter, so that Mitch could now use
her lovely upside-down mouth, which he did most enthusiastically and most
lengthily, until Danny, growing impatient, thought of a way to bring on his
climax more rapidly. Which he accomplished by using a cigarette on Jill's
thighs, burning the soft inner thighs just one time each, but doing it most
skillfully indeed, causing Jill to scream loudly around Mitch's mouth-gagging
cock, which in turn caused Mitch to spurt into Jill's throat, choking off her
screams and making her gulp his gism frantically to avoid strangling on it.

      Now Danny was lifting Jill off the counter. "So, Jill," Danny said. "Now
I think we've established just who is boss and what our situation is. Forever.
Isn't that right, darling sister?" And Jill said, nodding, nodding, "Yes,
Danny. Yes." And sank to the foor, moaning and clasping him around the legs
with her arms...

                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                                  HURTING JILL
                                by V.P. Viddler
                            Part Four - The Parties

      It was two days later that Danny told Jill that he was about to consult
with an electronics expert who was a pal of his. Jill asked why, and Danny told
her, bringing Jill to such a state of horror and lust that she spent all night
trying to talk him out of it with her body and her mouth. But to no avail.

      His friend made Danny a wonderful toy, and Danny installed it, carefully,
following instructions. Into Jill. Then, over the following days, he tried it
out. A lot. It worked fine. Danny was satisfied with it, and got lots and lots
of fun out of it. Jill, necessarily, participated too. At first only
half-willingly. Then less willingly. And finally not at all willingly. Most
unwillingly, in fact. And it was then that Danny told Jill that he was planning
to throw a party.

      Danny's party, not too surprisingly, was for boys only; but still it was
not a small gathering. Danny invited all his pals from school, and their pals,
and their pals' pals, and so on, so perhaps a good two dozen boys had showed
up. Wild rumors had stalked around school about strange goings-on with Danny
and his sexy, snobbish big sister, so there was a bit of anticipatory
excitement in the air. Which was not diminished when Danny, as their host,
informed them that this was a nudity party, and they must all take off all
their clothing.

      And when they had, and Danny had let their anticipation build for a bit,
he finally brought on the guest of honor.

      Jill.

      Stark naked.

      Who stood stock still on the landing at the door to the living room,
looking out over their heads, facing two dozen naked boys without a stitch on
her, as Danny stood by the stairs and told them all about his two new toys --
one being Jill, and the other the fabulous electronic plaything he had had
fashioned for him. This device, Danny said, had two components. The first was a
tiny but most powerful chip with an electrical charge. This tiny chip was now
implanted inside Jill, high up in her anal canal, carefully placed so that it
could not interfere with any important bodily functions, but at a point at
which its shocking charge, when triggered off, would result in a most painful
and most unpleasant jolt to the body. What triggered it was the other part of
the device, which Danny was holding in his hand: a small button set into a
metal block. Pushing this button, Danny said, set off the charge inside Jill's
body. Danny said that it did appear to be a terribly agonizing phenomenon all
right, and that he was anxious to show off this wonderful toy, with Jill's
assistance. As a bonus, Danny said, this would also allow him to demonstrate
Jill's new docility, how willingly she would cooperate, how eagerly she would
now share her body with them. With all of them. In any way they desired. For as
long as they wanted.

      The boys stood listening to this in wonderment and with blissful
anticipation. "All right, Jill," Danny said, his finger on that metal button.
"I think it's about time to start, don't you?"

      "Danny," Jill said, turning to him. "Danny, listen. You don't need that.
I'll do it. You don't have to use that. Please. I'll do it, I will. I'll do it
with all of them. Anything you say. Okay? Please. I'll be good. Whatever you
say. I promise. All right?"

      Danny only smiled.

      "Jill," Danny said, "our guests are waiting. Go to them."

      Jill, on shaky legs, moved forward, walking down the two steps from the
landing to the living room in which the panting youths stood watching. As she
moved toward them, Danny, with a slight flourish, hit the button.

      The first shock sent Jill to her knees, with a loud cry of pain. And as
the staring boys started toward her, Danny hit that button again, and now
Jill's body spasmed and fell forward, landing Jill flat on her stomach on the
floor, twitching and yowling in agony. Again Danny hit the button, and Jill
convulsed with a scream. Another hit, and she was rolling over on the floor,
twisting and scrabbling.

      "Christ!" a boy said. "Look at that! Just look at that!" And they all
did, in lustful fascination, until Danny said, "Don't you guys think somebody
ought to fuck her?"

      And now somebody did, a large boy named Roy, who pushed his way through
the crowd to lay his body down on Jill's twitching form, and then splay her
thighs with his and ram himself tightly into her. The frantic girl reflexively
clamped him with arms and legs, and a loud murmur passed through the watching
boys as Roy, with a cry of joy, began to lunge at her.

      "You ain't seen nothin' yet, boys," Danny voice came through. "Watch
this." And Danny again hit that button. Jill's body, stiffening, arched totally
off the floor, all the muscles and tendons in her body straining, all of her
quivering and vibrating like an ancient washing machine, Jill howling like a
banshee, before falling back to the floor, still shaking.

      "Christ!" Roy got out. "I can't --" And Danny hit the button again.
Jill's body bucked so hard it rolled over, carrying Roy with it and landing on
top of him. Roy could not hold out any longer, coming hard into Jill's jouncing
body and letting the next jolt from Danny's button tear her away from him.

      Now another boy took her, holding on for his life and savoring the
sensational ride as Danny now hit that button with a rhythmic regularity, and
Jill's bucking, convulsing, straining, writhing, tossing, flailing body rolled
over and over on the floor, Jill screaming continually now, like a siren, one
long, shrill, fluctuating but increasing howl of agony and torment. And it went
on and on, until every last youth had exhausted himself on Jill's deliciously
suffering body.

      And then the variations began.

      In a way, Jill's mouth afforded the most exquisite pleasure, for Danny
would not use the button while Jill was sucking somebody, for fear that she
might bite his cock right off. Thus Jill, to try to prolong this blissfull
surcease from pain, would try to make it last as long as possible, lovingly
caressing with careful lips and tongue, drawing out the pleasure, bringing the
boy slowly, indeed reluctantly, to glorious climax in that soft, talented
mouth.

      On the other hand, it was also a most gratifying situation for two boys
to possess Jill simultaneously, front and back, vagina and asshole; and, as
Danny happily plied the little button, vying as to which boy could stay with
her longer, as Jill jerked wildly back and forth between them, twisting and
squirming and kicking and convulsing while her screaming pounded painfully but
gloriously at their eardrums.

      And the party went on until dawn...

      Soon Mason found out about Danny's new toy, and could not resist trying
it out for himself. And when Mason saw how gratifyingly it worked, he and Danny
planned a variation on Danny's party.

      This gathering consisted of Mason's friends and acquaintances in the
business world. All male. Again it took place in Mason's living room, and again
a short exposition was provided detailing Danny's little device implanted in
Danny's big sister, Mason's daughter. But this time Mason was holding the
button. And this time Jill was fully dressed, in a neat tan dress, complete
with underwear, stockings, and high-heeled shoes. And Jill's hands were tied
behind her back.

      Again, Jill explained carefully to her father how it was not necessary
for him to use that button at all, as she, Jill, was prepared to do anything
that he wanted of her. She would gladly, Jill said, provide his friends with
any pleasure, any sensation they could think up. She would, she said, give her
body to them unstintingly, eagerly, enthusiastically. She would guarantee them
the best fuck they had or would ever have. She would suck them all night long,
and swallow their gism by the gallon. What else could she do? If they wanted to
piss on her, Jill said, as her father just stood looking at her, if they wanted
her to drink their piss, or to crawl for them, or -- or --

      Mason's reply, finally, was to hit the button and send a howling Jill
crashing onto her knees on the living room floor. "All right, Jill," Mason
said. "Let me tell you the rules. I want you to strip for my friends. Strip
naked. And when you've done that, I won't have to use the button any more. Do
you understand?"

      "I will!" Jill said, gasping. "I will! I'll do it! But my hands- -just
untie my hands --"

      "Ah," Mason said. "But that would make it so easy, wouldn't it? That's
just why I tied you that way in the first place, my darling."

      "But --" Jill said, "but -- but how can I -- without my hands -- I can't
-- I can't do anything."

      "You'll just have to think of a way, Jill. While I play with this cute
little button," Mason said. "Now strip."

      "But, Daddy, I --"

      Jill's words were cut off by a scream as Mason hit the button, and Jill's
body stiffened and spasmed and Jill fell onto her stomach, her bound hands
clutching wildly at nothing. Again Mason hit that button, and Jill, bucking,
was propelled across the floor with the force of her convulsion. Jill's skirt
rode up over her flailing thighs, but otherwise her clothing was undisturbed,
and though she tried frantically in lucid moments between shocks to reach some
of her garments with her fettered hands, it was futile. "Oh god!" Jill screamed
as Mason hit that button again and again, causing her to flop helplessly around
on the floor like a landed fish, as the watching men stood or sat around,
staring or grinning at her torturing predicament. Mason kept up a steady
barrage of shocks, and now a howling Jill was trying to crawl, inching her way
desperately across the floor, writhing and rolling, until she had reached the
foot of a chair in which a youngish-looking man was sitting.

      "H-help me!" Jill pleaded, panting and gasping, twisting with agony as
another shock hit her. "P-please! Help me! Take -- AAAHHH!! Take my clothes
off! Please! Pl-AAAUUUGGHHH!! Please! Take them off me! Strip me! Oh god please
please please -- AARRRGGHHH!! I'm begging you, I'll do anything for you, please
do it, please --"

      Now the man slid from his chair and crouched above Jill, reaching
obligingly for the buttons of her dress, as still another convulsion sent her
twisting onto her side, writhing uncontrollably. "Christ!" Jill screamed. "Rip
it! Rip it off me! Rip it all!" And now suddenly the man was joined by others,
who now wanted a hand in this game. Now quickly the spasming, straining,
shrieking girl was being stripped by six men, all of them ripping viciously at
her dress, her brassiere, her panties, her stockings, ripping, ripping,
stripping, until Jill was buck naked, all of her lying before them, bound and
sobbing, shaking and spasming.

      True to his word, Mason didn't use the button any more that night. He
didn't have to. But they did keep Jill's hands tied. All night long. And they
did use their belts on her body. All of it. And they did use their cigarettes
also. Some of them smoked cigars, which was worse. And when Jill was screaming
too loudly, Mason had her crawl on her stomach to pick up her ripped panties
with her mouth and eat them, working them into that fine young mouth...

                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                                  HURTING JILL
                                by V.P. Viddler
                           Part Five - The Principal

      Danny was sitting in the office of Dr. Harry, the school principal.

      "I'm most disappointed in you, Darrow," Dr. Harry was saying. "This last
month the quality of your work has declined precipitously. In fact, you have
slid so far down that I can do nothing but warn you that you will fail this
entire term. And perhaps I will have to dismiss you until -- What is wrong with
you, boy?"

      "Oh, I hope you won't flunk me, sir. I know my work has -- you see, it's
just that -- I've had -- distractions, you might say."

      "Distractions? What kind of distractions?"

      "Well, sir, actually, sir, it's -- it's my sister."

      "Your sister?"

      "That's right, sir. You know my sister Jill, don't you, sir? She's a
senior. And as you must know, sir -- Jill is very distracting."

      "I -- I'm not certain I know what you mean, Darrow."

      "You do know Jill, don't you, sir?"

      "I -- I think I do, yes. A -- a blonde girl, is she not? Long hair. Quite
-- ah --"

      "Sexy, sir?"

      "Darrow!"

      "I'm sorry, sir. But that's what Jill is, don't you think so?"

      "I think we had better talk about your dismissal, Darrow."

      "It's that body, sir."

      "What?"

      "Jill's body. It's so luscious, isn't it?"

      "I -- I --"

      "Jill's round bouncy breasts in those tight things she wears. And Jill's
gorgeous, long shapely legs. And that ass. And that way she has of walking, so
that --"

      "Darrow! I don't know what you think you're doing, but I must ask you to
leave this office now. And, Darrow, you will find your notice of dismissal in
--"

      "Oh, Dr. Harry, wait -- Just wait a second, okay? I don't think you will
want to dismiss me if you'll just talk to my sister first."

      "Talk to your -- why should I do that?"

      "Well, sir, it's this way. I think Jill may want to -- try to change your
mind. And I think that if anybody can do that, Jill can. Don't you think so,
Dr. Harry?"

      "I -- what -- just what are you --"

      "Just allow me to bring Jill to see you, sir," Danny said. "May I do
that? Just talk to her. Jill can be most -- persuasive. May I?"

      "Well, I -- I'm not -- if --"

      "I'll bring her right away," Danny said.

      "All right, Jill," Danny said. "Dr. Harry is waiting for you."

      "I don't want to do this," Jill said. "That bastard is old and fat and I
can't stand looking at him."

      "So what? Danny said. "I want you to do this for me, Jill. That's all."

      "What -- what do I have to do?"

      "Anything that old fart wants, that's what. And I mean anything."

      "Christ. Is he a sadist too?"

      "Probably. You don't mind that, do you?"

      "I don't want him to -- I don't want him playing with my body."

      "That's tough shit, sis. If he wants to play with it you'll do it. If he
wants to fuck your ass you'll do it. If he wants to burn your nipples off,
you'll do it. Now let's go."

      "Filthy bastard!" Jill said.

      "Do I have to pull you along by your hair?" Danny said.

      "I'm coming, all right? I'm coming, damn you."

      "This is my sister," Danny said to Dr. Harry. "You know Jill, don't you,
sir?"

      "All right, Jill," Dr. Harry said. "What do you want to say?"

      Jill took a long breath.

      "Go on, Jill," Danny said.

      "Dr. Harry," Jill said, "I don't want you to flunk Danny. And I- -I'll do
anything to please yhou if you won't. Anything you want --"

      Dr. Harry looked flabbergasted. "What -- just what do you -- what are you
--"

      "All right, Dr. Harry," Danny said. "You know what Jill is saying. She's
saying you can do anything you want with her. Or to her. Right, Jill?"

      "That's right," Jill said softly.

      "I don't," Dr. Harry said. "I can't --"

      "Oh yes you can," Danny said. "Just look at this body. Didn't I say Jill
was sexy? How about those breasts? How about those legs? You can't tell me you
don't want that. Well, you can have it, Dr. Harry. It's all yours. Any way you
want it."

      "Christ!" Dr. Harry said.

      "You'd like to fuck Jill, wouldn't you, sir? You want to fuck the living
daylights out of her. Anybody would. Any guy in this school would pay anything
at all for a crack at that. And it's all yours. So I don't think you want to
flunk me after all, do you, sir?"

      "Jill --"

      "Yes, sir?"

      "Is this -- is this --"

      "Want to find out?" Danny said. "Want her to strip for you? Right here,
right now? Strip naked? Just say the word and she'll do it. Right, Jill?"

      "Yes," Jill said.

      "Christ!"

      "And then you can lay her down on this desk and take her any way you
want. Any way at all. Right, Jill?"

      "Yes," Jill said.

      "My god!"

      "Look at that mouth," Danny said. "Jill's mouth. That mouth is fantastic.
What Jill can do with that mouth! Tell him, Jill. Tell Dr. Harry all about it."

      Jill looked at him, swallowing.

      "Tell him, Jill," Danny said.

      "I'm very good with my mouth," Jill said. "I can use it in ways that will
drive you crazy. I can suck your cock all the way down my throat until I'm
choking on it, and still hold it there. I can suck and lick and play with your
cock with my mouth and my tongue and my lips and my throat until you can't do
anything but howl, and when you spurt it into my throat I'll lick it and suck
it and swallow it and --"

      "Oh, Jesus," Dr. Harry said softly. "Good Christ!"

      "Do you want to know what else Jill can do?" Danny said. "Jill can do
anything with that fabulous cunt of hers. Or with that luscious ass. Or those
breasts or those thighs. But, you know, sir, that's not all that Jill can do
for you -- if you want."

      "What do you mean?"

      "Well, sir, I'm sure that you -- occasionally -- enjoy giving out a bit
of pain. Am I right?"

      Dr. Harry gulped. "Pain?"

      "Don't you enjoy hurting girls, Dr. Harry? I bet you do. I do. And I can
tell you that hurting Jill is as fine a thrill as you can experience. And you
can hurt her if you want to, Dr. Harry. You can hurt her a lot. Any way you
want. Isn't that right, Jill?"

      "Yes," Jill said, whispering.

      "Ah," Dr. Harry said. "Ah. I see. Oh. I can -- god. And if I don't
dismiss you, I can --"

      "You can do anything to her, sir. Anything."

      "God," Dr. Harry said. "She is gorgeous. I do want her. I can't say I --
I can't -- I do want to hurt you, Jill. Tell me I can hurt you."

      "Danny --"

      "Tell him, Jill."

      "Yes," Jill said. "You can hurt me."

      "Look at this." Dr. Harry slid out a drawer and brought out a thin,
springy, wicked-looking switch made of bamboo. "I have waited to use this for a
long time. I often think about using it on girls who come in -- who walk around
with -- I often think how I would -- would hit them -- would whip them --"

      "And now you can, sir," Danny said. "Jill can bend right across this desk
and that round tight ass will stick right out, and I'll make her pull that
skirt up for you and that ass will be bare. Jill isn't wearing any underwear, I
don't allow her to. And you can whip that ass all you want. Isn't that right,
Jill?"

      "Yes," Jill said.

      "What do you say? Is it a deal?"

      "Yes," Dr. Harry said. "But I want -- I want more."

      "More?"

      "I want --"

      "Oh god," Jill said. "He wants to whip my breasts with that thing."

      "Why not?" Danny said. "Is that what you want, sir?"

      "Yes," Dr. Harry said softly. "That's what I want. To start. Just to
start."

      "Jill," Danny said. "Take that sweater off and show Dr. Harry your
breasts."

      "Danny --"

      "Jill. Do what I say."

      "I --"

      "I think she doesn't want to," Dr. Harry said.

      "Jill," Danny said. "Tell him you want to. Now. Tell Dr. Harry that you
want to show him your body. And that you want him to whip your breasts and make
you scream. And that you want him to hurt you and fuck you and do anything to
you until he wants to stop. Do it."

      "Dr. Harry," Jill said. "I -- I want you to do anything you want to me.
As long as you want to. I want to strip for you and let you look at my naked
body. I want you to whip my -- my breasts with -- with that -- thing -- and --
and make me scream for you. I want -- I --"

      "I want her," Dr. Harry said. "God. She's so young, such a young pretty
girl, suck a young pretty vulnerable helpless fantastic slut of a girl. I do
want to hear her scream. Scream and howl and plead. I want that body squirming
and twisting and writhing and flailing. I want it under me, fucking me. I want
that mouth, and I want -- I -- Christ --"

      "All right, Jill," Danny said. "Show him your tits."

      Jill's hands shook. As she pulled up her sweater and stripped it off. Dr.
Harry was gazing raptly at Jill's bare round high firm breasts.

      "Now!" Dr. Harry said, gasping. "I want to do it now."

      "On the desk, Jill," Danny said. "On your back. Flat."

      Jill, shaking, got onto Dr. Harry's desk and lay down. Dr. Harry got up
from his chair, clutching his bamboo switch.

      "I'll hold her for you," Danny said. "Put your arms back, Jill."

      With a moan, Jill put her arms back over her head. Danny took hold of
both hands, holding them in his, pulling her arms back tightly. This position
pulled Jill's breasts up, standing tautly out, curving cleanly up on her body,
as if asking for attention, with her small pink stiff nipples poking up in the
air. Jill's body was taut, her skirt pulling high up on her thighs with the
squirming of her body and thrashing of her legs.

      "I can't stand it!" Dr. Harry said. "She's fantastic! Look at that!"

      "It's all yours," Danny said. "Touch it if you want."

      "I want to -- I --" And Dr. Harry raised his switch, panting. Jill was
looking at it, also panting, eyes wide.

      "Do it hard," Danny said. "Don't hold back. Right, Jill?"

      "Ohh --" Jill said, moaning.

      "Hold her tight," Dr. Harry said, and then raised his arm high and swung
it down as hard as he could. The switch smashed across Jill's left breast with
a sound like a pistol shot.

      "Haaugghhhh!"

      Jill's body was twisting and wriggling as it arched upwards with pain,
her legs kicking wildly. Danny held on to her hands, holding her in position.
Dr. Harry was raising the switch again.

      "Wait! No! Wait! Haarrrghh! Haauuuggh!"

      Whap! Across the right breast.

      "Oh, Christ," Dr. Harry moaned. "Look at that! I love it! I don't want to
stop."

      "Don't stop," Danny said.

      "Wait!" Jill said. "Please!"

      "Noisy, isn't she?" Danny said. "Jill used to do a thing to keep herself
quiet. But that was in the days she could wear underthings. She would stuff her
panties into her mouth for a gag, and hold them in by tying a stocking or her
bra or something around her mouth. But she can't do that now. But I can find a
substitute gag."

      "No," Dr. Harry said. "No gag. I want her to scream. I want to listen to
her scream. Beautiful helpless screaming young girl. Scream all you want, Jill.
Scream for me now, Jill."

      And Dr. Harry started using that switch again, hard as he could. Whap!
Whap! Whap! Whap!

      "Augghh! Harrrrggh! Aaaghhh! Christ! Ahh! Oh no stop, HAUGH!"

      Dr. Harry was panting hard. "I want to fuck her."

      "Do it," Danny said.

      Dr. Harry did it. Danny still held Jill's hands in his grip and Dr. Harry
pulled out his cock and lay down on Jill's body and spread Jill's thrashing
legs and put his cock into Jill's wriggling cunt.

      "Yes!" said Dr. Harry. "I'm fucking her, I'm fucking you, Jill, you fine
sweet gorgeous slut girl, I'm doing it to you, scream for me, Jill darling, I'm
fucking your fabulous sexy young helpless body, and you can't stop me, can you,
Jill?"

      Still fucking, Dr. Harry handed his ruler to Danny. "Hit her," he said,
panting. "Hit her for me. Hard. Do it hard."

      Danny hit Jill's breasts, and Dr. Harry gasped as Jill howled into his
ear and Jill's pinned body spasmed and twisted and writhed in pain against his.

      "I'm going to fuck your mouth, Jill," Danny said.

      Jill's head was hanging back off the desk and Danny was fucking her mouth
and whipping her breasts as Dr. Harry was fucking her and pulling her hair and
biting her thighs.

      "You can burn her now," Danny said.

      "YES..."




                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                      I WANT THIS PAIN -- by V.P. Viddler

      "Your nipples are hard, Ann."

      "I know."

      "They're really hard. I can see them practically pushing right through
your dress."

      "I know."

      "Why is that, Ann?"

      "Because you're hurting me."

      "Oh? And what does that do to you, Ann?"

      "It turns me on."

      "My hurting you turns you on?"

      "You know it does. You know that. That's why you're doing it."

      "I'm just pulling your hair."

      "Yes. Pulling my hair."

      "That's all. Pulling your long soft brown hair. Like this."

      "Ah!"

      "Look at you, Ann. You love this pain, don't you?"

      "Yes. Yes."

      "Tell me about it."

      "Oh, you bastard. Oh! Yes. I love it. I do, I love the pain, I want it, I
need it."

      "Shall I stop, Ann?"

      "No."

      "What?"

      "No. Don't stop. Please."

      "Shall I do it harder?"

      "Oh god. Yes."

      "Ask me nicely."

      "Yes. Please. Please do it harder. Please. Ahh! Ahh! Ah Christ!"

      "I can't pull any harder, Ann. Your head is as far back as it will go.
Your neck is all taut and straining; I can see all those veins and things
standing right out, quivering. And your face is twisting so nicely with pain,
Ann, and your eyes looking up at me all wide and hurting and tearful and
wanting. Wanting what, Ann? What is it you want?"

      "More."

      "More pain?"

      "More. Please."

      "Such masochism, Ann. Look how your body is straining, arching in agony
and lust. Thighs quivering. Breasts heaving, thrusting, with those high,
throbbing, thrusting nipples. Do you want me to hurt those nipples, Ann? Do you
want me to pinch them? Squeeze them and twist them until you scream? Is that
what you want, Ann?"

      "Yes. Yes. Oh Jesus please."

      "But I'd have to let go of your hair to do that, Ann. You don't want me
to do that, do you?"

      "Oh...Oh don't..."

      "I think this situation calls for a third party, don't you, Ann? To aid
us in our quandary. What do you think?"

      "Please not that. Please not him. Please. Ah! Ahh!"

      "You want it, Ann. You want those breasts hurt, that body tortured. Isn't
that right, Ann?"

      "Ahh! Yes! Yes! But -- but -- not --"

      "But who can we get, Ann? Who shall it be?"

      "No."

      "There's just one possibility, isn't that right?"

      "God, no. Ahh! Oh damn you, damn you! Ahh!"

      "You want it, Ann?"

      "I want it. Damn you."

      "You want to be hurt? All over?"

      "I want it, I do want it, oh Christ..."

      "Then who will it be, Ann? Say it. Say it, Ann. Say it!"

      "All right! All right! Damn you to hell, yes, all right, yes, him. Him."

      "Who, Ann? Say it."

      "Ronny."

      "Ronny? Your brother?"

      "Yes, you bastard, you filthy son of a bitch, yes, him, Ronny, yes. Yes."

      "Call him."

      "Please."

      "Call him."

      "Ronny."

      "Hi, sis."

      "What was it you said to Ronny last time, Ann?"

      "Please. Ahh!"

      "What was it?"

      "I said -- I said he would never put his hands on me again."

      "And now you want him to put his hands on you, is that right?

      "Oh ah ah oh."

      "Say it."

      "Yes."

      "Say it to Ronny."

      "Ronny. I...want you...to put your hands on me."

      "That's a good girl, Ann. Say, Ronny, pinch my nipples."

      "Ronny, I want you to pinch my nipples. Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!"

      "Don't sqirm so hard, Ann, you'll rip your hair right off. No, you can't
look at Ronny. I'm not letting your hair go. It turns you on so much. Aren't
you turned on, Ann?"

      "Yes."

      "You want to be fucked, don't you, Ann? You want to be raped, don't you?"

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "I want to be raped."

      "You want to be raped by Ronny."

      "Oh god."

      "Say it."

      "I want to be --"

      "Tell Ronny."

      "Ronny, I want you to rape me."

      "Ask Ronny to strip you, Ann."

      "Ronny. Please. Strip me."

      "You're going to fuck Ronny, aren't you, Ann? Say it."

      "I'm going to fuck Ronny."

      "You're going to suck his cock for him. Say it."

      "I'm going to suck Ronny's cock for him."

      "You want him to whip you."

      "I want him to whip me."

      "Go on."

      "I want him to hurt me and whip me and fuck me. Ahhh! I want to scream
for him. I want to crawl in front of him. Ahh! I want you to whip me as I suck
his cock. Whipping and whipping and whipping until I swallow his gism, all of
it, until I'm screaming around his cock, choking and gagging and vomiting. Yes,
hit me. Hit my breasts. Yes! Again! Yes! Again! Yes! Again! Ah! Ahh! Darling!
Ahh! Darling! Please! Darling...Darling. Darling...Do it, squeeze my breasts ah
I can't stand it ah it's so good ah."

      "Ask Ronny to fuck you."

      "I can't. Ahh!"

      "Ask him. Beg him."

      "Ronny, fuck me, please fuck me, fuck your sister, fuck your slut whore
slave sister, yes, rip my skirt, ah fuck me, rape me, ah Jesus have mercy
lord."

      "I'm going to put my cock in your mouth, Ann."

      "Ah."

      "Right in your lovely gasping straining upside-down mouth while Ronny
fucks you."

      "My hair --"

      "I won't let go, I'm still going to pull your hair, just as hard, just
like this."

      "Haughh!!"

      "Open that mouth, Ann. Ah. Lick it too. That's it, that's a good girl,
that's my fine hurting suffering pain-loving masochistic agony-filled squirming
twisting writhing flailing kicking humping brother-fucking degraded slut of a
girl. Listen to that whimpering, that gagging, that moaning, that gasping, that
mewling. Watch how she loves it. She's coming. Ann's going to come for us. Hit
her, Ronny. Slap that breast. Swallow this, Ann. Swallow, that's it, whore,
that's it, slut, all of it. Are you coming, Ann? Are you climaxing for Ronny?"

      "Ahh! Yes! I'm coming, I am, do it, hit me, whip me, rape me, I'm shit,
I'm piss, I'm a slut, I want to crawl and lick your feet and kiss the floor for
you yes do it fuck me to death kill me hurt my body I want it pull my hair
again harder please I want it I need it I love it I WANT THIS PAIN!..."




                     IN THE DORM
                   by V.P. Viddler
                        1

     Judy had always been a respectable girl, fairly modest and
not at all forward. Not that she was a virgin or anything, but
hardly what anybody would call promiscuous. So how was it that
she was now being taken by three boys at once, while a fourth was
standing over them and whipping her naked back with his belt?
     It had started out as a typical fraternity bull session in
the dormitory. It was Judy and Martin and Tom and Bill and
Howard, sitting around doing nothing. Howard was bored.
     "This is boring," Howard said. "Let's do something."
     "No," Martin said. "Let's not."
     "Howard's right," Tom said. "What we want is a good orgy or
something."
     "Right, an orgy," Martin said. "How about it, Judy? Want to
orgy with us?"
     "No thanks," Judy said.
     "Party pooper," Martin said.
     "Sorry, guys," Judy said. "I'm not the orgy type."
     "How about playing post office?" Tom said. "Or strip poker?
That sounds like fun."
     "No, thanks, anyway," Judy said.
     "Damn," Tom said. "And I'm horny too. Right now you look
pretty good to me, Judy."
     "Gosh, thanks," Judy said.
     "I'm not kidding," Tom said. "I'd love to do it with you.
How about it?"
     "Come on, guys," Judy said.
     "You do have a nice bod, Jud," Howard said. "Can't blame a
guy for thinking about it."
     "What is this all of a sudden?" Judy said, smiling. "Look,
why don't we go to a movie or something?"
     "Nice mouth, too," Tom said.
     "Terrific mouth," Martin said. "Gives a guy lots of ideas."
     "Martin!"
     "What? Don't you like sucking cock, Judy? You ever do it?"
     "That's enough!" Judy said. "Just cut it now, okay?"
     "I just want to say," Martin said, "that I'd love to have
you on your knees in front of me. With that mouth--"
     "Damn it!" Judy said. "Stop it right now! Okay?"
     "But it's so exciting," Howard said. "I want to see it. I'd
love to see it. Wouldn't you, Bill?"
     "I'm hard," Bill said.
     "Look," Judy said. "If you guys don't shut up I'm going to
leave, okay?"
     "You don't want to do that, Judy," Martin said. "I think you
want to suck Bill's cock. While all of us watch you."
     "I think you want a slap in the face," Judy said. Not
moving.
     And then Martin said, "We could make you do it."
     There was absolute silence in the room.
     "What?" Judy said.
     "I said we could make you do it," Martin said. "There's four
of us and only one of you. Four guys and one girl. We could make
you suck Bill's cock. We could make you suck all our cocks.
Couldn't we?"
     "Sure," Judy said. "And I could have you all put in jail,
too."
     "You wouldn't do that," Martin said.
     "Why wouldn't I do that, Martin?"
     "Because you want it," Martin said. "Don't you, Judy?"
     "Martin, I think you better leave," Judy said.
     "Okay." Martin got up, but instead of moving to the door he
stopped in back of Judy's chair and swiftly and suddenly caught
hold of her pony tail with his right hand, pulling it backwards
and downwards so that Judy's head was pulled back, her neck
straining, her mouth opening and emitting a startled cry of pain
at the cruel pull of her hair. Martin twisted the hair in his
hand, increasing that pain.
     "Aahh!" Judy cried. "Stop! What are you-- Don't! Aahh!"
     Martin didn't let go, but twisted some more. Judy's face was
a mask of pain.
     "Stop! Please!" Judy was twisting in her chair, and trying
ineffectually to hit back at Martin, but her position in the
chair did not allow her hands to reach him.
     Bill, Tom and Howard watched with various degrees of
surprise and wonder, but they watched.
     "Judy," Martin said, still twisting her hair.
     "Oh don't," Judy said. "Stop. Please. Oh god, please--"
     "Judy," Martin said. "Go down on your knees."
     "What?" Judy said.
     "Jesus," Howard said.
     "Shut up, Howard," Tom said.
     Bill said nothing.
     "Go on, Judy," Martin said, his hand in her hair. "Go down
on your knees. On the floor. Go on."
     "No," Judy said.
     Martin twisted harder.
     "Aaahh! Don't!" Judy said.
     "We want you to go down on your knees, Judy," Martin said.
"And you want to also. Don't you?"
     "No!" Judy said.
     "Yes, you do," Martin said. "Do it, Judy. Do it for us.
Kneel down on the floor. Go on."
     For a long moment there was silence except for Judy's loud
rapid gasps. Nobody said anything. Martin still held Judy's hair.
And then, without looking at anybody, slowly, gradually, Judy
began to slide forward in the chair. Martin still held on, but
his hand moved with her. Judy slid to the edge of the chair and
hesitated. Martin waited. As did they all. And Judy with a sound
like a gasping sigh slid off the chair and sank down to her knees
on the floor.
     "That's the girl, Judy," Martin said, his hand in her hair
holding her head up. "I knew you wanted to do that. And now you
want to suck Bill's cock, isn't that right, Judy?"
     Howard gasped.
     "I--No," Judy said in a quivering voice. "No."
     "Bill," Martin said. "Get over here. Sit in this chair,
right in front of Judy. Judy wants to suck your cock while we all
watch her."
     "No," Judy said softly. "No, I don't. Please."
     Bill was now sitting in front of Judy. Martin now twisted
Judy's hair. Judy cried out in pain. Martin said, "You want to do
it, Judy. You know it. I know it. We all know it. We're all
watching, Judy. Do it. Do it, Judy. Unzip Bill's pants and bring
out his cock and put that pretty mouth on it and suck him off. Do
it."
     Judy was panting and her body was shaking. Martin's hand was
still in her hair, but not as tightly; it held on but allowed
room to move. They all watched, rigid with anticipation and
suspense.
     And slowly, Judy's hands started to move. Looking at nobody,
Judy slowly unzipped Bill's pants. And tremblingly brought out
his cock. And then Judy drew a long, deep, shuddering breath.
     "Oh god," Judy said, now looking swiftly around at them all.
"Oh dear god."
     And then Judy bowed her head and opened her mouth and put it
around Bill's penis. Bill gasped. And then Judy's head was moving
up and down, slowly, deliberately, moving up and down with
Martin's hand still in her hair, and Judy was sucking Bill's
cock, kneeling on the floor and sucking his cock as four boys
avidly and astonishedly looked on.
     "That's it," Martin was saying. "That's it, Judy. Look at
that, guys. Watch how Judy is doing this. We're all watching you,
Judy. All waiting for our turns."
     Judy was moaning now around Bill's cock, moaning and kind of
sobbing, but she didn't stop doing what she was doing.
     "How is it, Bill?" Martin said. "Is she good? Is she using
her tongue on you?"
     "She's great," Bill said. "She's good. You're damn good,
Judy."
     "I thought so," Martin said. "I always thought you'd be a
good cocksucker, Judy. I can't wait for my turn."
     Judy moaned again, but didn't stop. Up and down her head
moved, up and down that mouth slid on Bill's cock. Slowly and now
faster. Until Bill said, "I'm going to shoot," and Martin said,
"Do it right in her mouth and let her swallow it. Swallow it all,
Judy, and we'll all watch you."
     By now Tom and Howard had moved to sit closer so they could
have a good view of what Judy's mouth was doing. Judy was
whimpering now as Bill's cock was spasming and jerking, and then
Bill shouted out with pleasure as his gism spurted out into
Judy's sucking mouth. Judy, gasping, swallowed. Tom and Howard
and Martin watched avidly. Bill was spurting again and again, and
Judy was swallowing and swallowing, her face flushing wildly as
she did so. Until Bill slid his penis slowly out of her mouth and
sat back panting.
     Judy was panting also, and gasping and still kind of
sobbing. But she didn't move. She stayed as she was, on her
knees. Almost imperceptibly Martin took his hand from her hair.
Judy didn't move.
     "That was nice, Judy," Martin said. "That was beautiful.
Wasn't it, guys?"
     "Damn right," Tom said. Howard said something also.
     "And now, Judy, you're going to be fair and do that for all
of us, aren't you?"
     Judy caught her breath but said nothing.
     "Judy?" Martin said.
     "Yes," Judy said softly, breathlessly. "Yes, I'll do it for
all of you. Yes."
     "Because you want to, don't you, Judy?" Martin said.
     "Yes," Judy said finally. "Yes, I want to. I want to do it
to all of you. While you watch."
     "What else would you like to do for us, Judy?" Martin said.
     "What?"
     "What else, Judy?"
     "Nothing," Judy said.
     "That's not true, Judy," Martin said. "Is it now?"
     "Please," Judy said.
     "Tell us, Judy."
     "Anything," Judy said in a low voice.
     "What's that?" Martin said. "I can't hear you, Judy."
     "Anything," Judy said again. "I want to do anything you
want. I want you to make me do it."
     "I know you do," Martin said. "That's because you're a slut,
isn't that right, Judy? A dirty filthy slut whore. Am I right?"
     "Yes," Judy said.
     "Tell us, Judy," Martin said. "Tell us all about it."
     Judy started to cry. "I'm a dirty filthy slut whore," Judy
said, sobbing. "I'm a cunt bitch slut and I want to have to do it
for you. Please please please."
     "Lie down, Judy," Martin said. "Lie down on the floor."
     And Judy did, lying down on her back.
     Martin crouched behind her. "Give me your hands, Judy,"
Martin said. "Put them back here and stretch yourself out."
     And Judy did.
     Martin took her wrists in his hands, pinning them down to
the floor. Judy's clothing was pulled tight over her body,
bringing out her good breasts and hips and thighs.
     "Now, Judy," Martin said. "You're going to fuck for me.
Aren't you? All of us. Aren't you?"
     "Oh god," Judy said.
     "Yes," Martin said. "You're going to fuck us all. Say it,
Judy. Say that to me."
     "I'm going to fuck you all," Judy said, her voice straining.
     "That's right," Martin said. "You're going to fuck Tom here.
Aren't you, Judy? Say it."
     "I'm going to fuck Tom," Judy said, not looking at any of
them.
     "And you're going to fuck Howard. Say that."
     "I'm going to fuck Howard," Judy said.
     "And you're going to fuck me too, isn't that right, Judy?"
     "Yes," Judy said. "I'm going to fuck you."
     "What about me?" Bill said.
     "And you'll fuck Bill, won't you, Judy? Say it."
     "I'm going to fuck Bill," Judy said.
     "Because you're a fucking slut nympho, isn't that right,
Judy?" Martin said.
     "Yes," Judy said, crying. "Yes. That's what I am. Yes."
     "Now it's time for us to see your body, Judy," Martin said.
"We've all thought about what you look like naked, Judy. We've
all pictured you without any clothes on. Now we'll find out.
You'd like us to see you naked, wouldn't you, Judy?"
     Judy closed her eyes. "Please," she whimpered.
     "Say it," Martin said.
     "Yes," Judy said.
     Martin twisted Judy's wrists. Judy cried out. Martin said,
"I want you to ask the boys to take your clothes off you, Judy. I
want you to ask them nicely, all right?" Twisting her wrists
again.
     "Don't," Judy said.
     "Judy," Martin said. "We want to see your breasts. May we do
that?"
     "Oh," Judy said. "Dear sweet god," Judy said. "Yes."
     "Judy," Martin said. "Ask Howard to take your blouse off.
Ask him sweetly. Bet him to do it. Do you understand, Judy?"
     "Yes," Judy said.
     "Ask him to unbutton your blouse," Martin said. "And ask him
to feel your breasts while he's doing it."
     Judy was gasping. Her body was squirming as Martin
manipulated her wrists. "Howard," Judy gasped. "Please--please
unbutton my blouse, Howard. Please."
     "God!" Howard said.
     "And?" Martin said.
     "And please--please feel my breasts," Judy said.
     "Do it slowly, Howard," Martin said.
     And Howard did. Unbuttoning Judy's blouse from top to
bottom, Touching her breasts, moving his hands over them. And
pulling the blouse apart to show Judy's rising and falling
breasts in a pink brassiere. Judy was panting hard, almost
sobbing.
     "All right, Judy," Martin said. "Ask Tom to cut that bra
away."
     Judy could hardly speak. "T-Tom," Judy whispered. "Please--
c-cut my brassiere away."
     "All right!" Tom said, and grabbing up a scissors from a
table, did just that, cutting the bra apart, cutting it into
strips, and pulling it away from Judy's high round firm stiff-
nippled naked breasts.
     "Topless whore," Martin said, and Judy writhed, moaning.
     "I want to see your legs," Martin said. "All of them. I want
to look at those luscious curvy thighs that you will be wrapping
around my body as I fuck you, Judy."
     Judy couldn't catch her breath.
     "Judy," Martin said, "I want you to pull your skirt up. I
want you to pull it up slowly. As all of us watch. I want you to
pull it up all the way, all the way up around your waist, baring
your legs for us, showing us your thighs, all of them. Will you
do that, Judy?"
     Judy was squirming and panting. "Yes," Judy said. "Yes I
will. I will, I'll do it, yes, I'll show you my legs, yes, I
will, look at me." And Judy pulled up her skirt. Slowly. Up. All
the way. Slowly. Up over her calves. Up over her knees. Up over
her thighs. Up over her hips. All the way, and lay there with her
legs bare and her panties showing twisting as they looked at her.
     "You want to be fucked, don't you, Judy?" Martin said. "Say
it."
     "I want to be fucked," Judy said.
     "Who would you like to take your panties off?" Martin said.
     "Anybody," Judy said, crying. "Anybody pull them off, please
please please."
     Tom did.
     "Naked whore cunt," Martin said softly, and he kissed her
mouth. "Spread your fucking slut legs for us, Judy."
     Judy spread her legs slowly apart.
     "Tom," Martin said. "Do it to the bitch."
     Judy was crying as Tom lay on top of her and sobbing as he
put his prick inside her and moaning as he fucked her.
     "Fuck him back," Martin said, and Judy fucked him back,
arching and twisting and curling her legs around him and moving
to his rhythm.
     "What are you doing, Judy?" Martin said.
     "I'm--"
     "Say it. Say what you're doing."
     "I'm fucking," Judy cried. "I'm fucking, I'm fucking, I'm
fucking--fucking--fucking--"
     "And you love it, right, Judy? You love it all. Tell us,
Judy. Tell us you love it. Don't you, Judy?"
     "Yes. Yes. I love it yes yes I love it I love it yes."
     "Tom's going to come in you, Judy. Come with him. Come for
us and we'll watch you. You love it, don't you, you fucking
exhibitionist sick little slut bimbo?"
     "Yes!" Judy shouted. "God yes I'm coming yes I'm now coming
arrrrrrrrrrghhhhhh!"
     "Passionate masochistic slut," Martin said as Tom got up.
"Turn over, Judy." Twisting Judy's wrists hard so Judy cried out
again. Twisting until she was forced to roll her body over.
Martin had his cock out. "Give me that pretty whore mouth, Judy
baby," Martin said, pushing Judy's head down into his crotch.
"Take me in that mouth and suck me. Suck it slowly and
beautifully, Judy."
     Judy, moaning, took his cock into her mouth.
     "Okay, Howard," Martin said. "You can use Judy's fine tight
little ass."
     Judy tried to say something, to raise her head. Martin
didn't allow it. Judy had to keep sucking him as Howard took her
very painfully in the ass. As Judy involuntarily came, howling
around Martin's cock, Martin shot his gism down her throat.
     And then it was an orgy. All night long. Judy accomodating
all four boys with her body, with her mouth and her ass and her
cunt. Two at once. Three at once. Until she was crawling and
coming, coming and crawling, until Martin was standing over her
as she lay above Howard fucking his cock as Tom fucked her ass
and taking Bill in her mouth again, and Martin pulled his belt
off and started whipping Judy with it. Quite hard. Anyplace he
could reach. And Judy was screaming and sucking and fucking and
howling and hurting and coming.
     And afterwards sprawling across the floor they all knew that
Judy was theirs any time they wanted her. That Judy was at the
beck and call of any and all. Any way, any time, any place.
"Isn't that right, Judy?" Martin said.
     Judy was crying.
     "Spread out, Judy," Martin said. "Right now. On your back.
I'll whip your breasts and I'll fuck the shit out of you."
     And Judy was moaning and lying back and spreading out. "Look
at me. Look at my body. I'm a slave. I'm a slut. All yours..."




                  * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                       LOOKING FOR SILK
                       by V. P. Viddler

                          1

    "What do you want? I--I don't know anything. Go away."

   "Just tell me where Silk is, Cindy."

   "I don't know."

   "Come on, Cindy. Just tell me and I'll go. Okay?"

   "But I don't know, I swear I don't, nobody knows, she didn't--"

   "Cindy. I don't want to hurt you."

   "But I don't know anything, I really don't."

   "My boss thinks you do."

   "No. Silk didn't tell us, she didn't want anybody to know."

   "That's a good story, Cindy, but I can't swallow it. I have to
find out. Or I'll be in big trouble. Okay? So just tell me and I
won't have to hurt anybody."

   "I don't, honest to god--"

   "Cindy. Listen, Cindy. I don't want to hurt you. I don't, I
don't like to hurt girls. I don't get any kicks out of it. Now I
know some guys that really like it. They just dig the hell out of
hurting women, it really brings them off. I know guys like that.
But not me. I don't get my kicks that way. So I don't want to have
to do bad things to you, Cindy."

   "Please."

   "But if I have to do bad things to you, I will. You understand?
It's my job. I'll do it, Cindy. And then you'll tell me where Silk
is all right, only you'll suffer a lot of awful things that you
don't want to know about, Cindy, take my word."

   "Oh god, look--if--if I knew I'd tell you, okay? Because you're
scaring the shit out of me. Okay? But I don't. I swear I don't!"

   "Shit. I guess I have to hurt you now."

   "No."

   "Take off your clothes, Cindy."

   "No! Oh Jesus no!"

   "This is a gun, Cindy. I'll shoot you if I have to. Don't be a
fool, Cindy. Take your clothes off."

   "Oh my god, oh god, oh Jesus, what are you--"

   "All of it, Cindy."

   "Oh shit. Oh you bastard."

   "Nice. Nice body, Cindy. Terrific body."

   "Are you--are you going to rape me?"

   "Probably. I probably will, Cindy, because I don't think I can
resist taking that body when it's right in front of me like this.
But I'll do it to you before I start in with the painful stuff. I
don't like fucking a girl who's all marked up and funny- looking
and hurts too much to know what's going on. Some guys like that. I
don't."

   "Please, oh, look, if I knew where she was I'd--but I don't, I
don't know anything, please god, I swear it--"

   "Lie down on the bed, Cindy."

   "No."

   "Do it."

   "I don't--I--"

   "Now put these handcuffs on."

   "What?"

   "Do it. Put them on your wrists. Tight. That's it. Now I'll tie
them up here. And your legs, real wide apart. Okay. Can't move much
now, can you? How about it, Cindy. Last chance. Oh, I'm going to
fuck you anyway. It's too far gone now. I can'at stop myself from
taking that fabulous body, the way you're all spread out and all.
But I still don't have to hurt you. Just tell me about Silk."

   "I don't know."

   "Okay, Cindy. That's it. I'm going to gag you now. It's safer
that way. And quieter. Lots of guys don't mind, they like hearing
girls screaming and howling, but I don't. Open your mouth, Cindy.
Okay. I'll just pinch your nose. That's it, that's a good girl.
Okay. Now I'm going to hurt you, Cindy. But you can stop it any
time you want. All right? When you decide you want to tell me about
Silk, just nod your head. That's all. Okay? Just nod when you're
ready to talk."

   "Mmmphh--mmm--"

   "It's no good wriggling around, Cindy. I'm going to start with
your tits. Okay? Such beautiful breasts. I hate to ruin them. But
using a cigarette on a girl's breasts is usually a quick way to
make her talk. It hurts like hell, Cindy. Don't pull away, it won't
do any good. One last chance, Cindy, okay? I don't want to do this.
Will you tell me about Silk?"

   "Uunnngg-- Uunnngghh-- Oomnnngghh!"

   "Damn. Okay, Cindy. Here we go."

   "Unn-- Gummph-- Unnh-- GHUOMMGHUUOOMMBBGKKAUUUUNNNNG!"

   "Hurts, doesn't it, Cindy? I told you. I'm going to do it
again."

   "NNNNGAAUUUUUUMMPHHNGHHH!"

   "You do twist that body nicely, Cindy. I'm going to fuck you
pretty soon. But maybe you want to talk to me first. Hmm? How about
if I start on the other tit now?"

   "GAANNNGG--GGHAAUUNNG--"

   "Ah. You're nodding. Oh yes, you're nodding really hard, Cindy.
Okay. I'll take the gag out. Tell me about Silk."

   "Please I'll tell you I'll tell you anything anything you want
don't burn me any more please god please don't I can't I'll do
anything you say I don't know where Silk is but I can find out I'll
help you find her I'll no no don't no oh NOAAAAAARRRRRGG I'LL DO
IT..."

                  * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                              2

    "I don't know where Silk is, I don't know where Silk is, I
don't know where Silk is, oh Jesus god, if I did I'd tell you, I
can't stand it any more, Jesus, I'll tell you anything I can, I'll
betray her to you, I'll do anything, just please stop for god's
sake have pity oh god--"

   "You know, I think I'm beginning to believe you, Cindy."

   "It's true, I swear on my mother's grave I don't know where she
is--"

   "But you'll help me find her, won't you?"

   "Yes, damn you, yes!"

   "All right, Cindy. I think you may be telling the truth. I won't
burn you any more."

   "Oh, thank you, oh thank god, thank you, oh--"

   "Your gorgeous titties will never be pretty again, though. Sorry
about that, Cindy."

   "Oh my god."

   "But don't worry, you still got a fantastic body. It just looks
terrifically sexy all spread out so tight and all. It's giving me
a hell of a hard-on, Cindy."

   "Oh no--you--you're not--"

   "I told you I'd have to rape you, Cindy."

   "Oh, please, no--"

   "I know I said I would do it before I hurt you, but I just got
carried away I guess. So I'm going to do it now. I can't pass this
up, Cindy."

   "You dirty rotten son of a bitch!"

   "Now, Cindy, that's not nice. That's not nice at all. You don't
want to get me mad, do you, Cindy? I might decide to start with the
cigarettes again. Is that what you want, Cindy?"

   "No! Oh no. No, please, no, don't, please, you said--"

   "Then you shouldn't call me bad names, Cindy. Say you're sorry."

   "I'm--I'm sorry. I'm sorry, honest. I--I apologize. Really.
Okay?"

   "Okay. Now you can ask me to fuck you."

   "Oh--Jesus--"

   "Ask me, Cindy. Ask me really nice. Beg."

   "Oh. I--unh. Aah."

   "I love your legs, Cindy. You have beautiful sexy calves, and
those luscious thighs! I can't wait to get down between those soft
damn thighs. Oh, so soft. That's smooth skin, Cindy. Hey, come on
now, don't squirm around like that. You know you can't get away.
All that twisting and writhing just makes that body sexier. You can
squirm and twist like that when I'm on top of you, Cindy. Fucking
your brains out. Now ask me. Beg me to fuck you all to hell. Or
I'll bring out the cigarettes, and this time I won't stop with your
breasts. I'm waiting, Cindy."

   "I--I--I--oh--Christ--you--I--p-p-please--p-please--fuck-- f-
fuck--m-me-- Aahh."

   "Not too convincing, Cindy, but I can't wait any longer. Here I
come. Oh, oh, yeah, you are so soft and tender and so voluptuous,
Cindy! Right down on you, flat on your body, yeah! And now I'm
going inside you, baby. Now. Now! Ah. Ah. Ahh. Yeah, good. All the
way, all the way in, now, Cindy, how is that, how do you like
that?"

   "AH. OH. OH NO. AH. AHH.

   "Fucking you, Cindy, I'm doing it to you, Cindy, I'm fucking
your fine wriggling little body, god your tight, you're such a
tight fit, just like a virgin, Cindy. Only you're no virgin, are
you? Hmm?"

   "Ohh. Ahh. AHH. AHH!"

   "Answer me Cindy, or I'll--"

   "No!"

   "No. You fuck all right. Maybe not this way, maybe not all
stretched apart and spread out and tied down, but you fuck all
right. Kiss me, Cindy."

   "No! No!"

   "Damn you, I said kiss me. Do you want your damn body to look
like your tits do? Do you?"

   "No! Please!"

   "You'll kiss me, won't you, Cindy? Hmm?"

   "Yes!"

   "Say it. Say, I'm going to kiss you. Say it."

   "I'm--I'm going to kiss you."

   "Again."

   "I'm going to kiss you."

   "Right. Do it. Ah. Okay. Ah. Nice. I want you to come, Cindy.
Come for me."

   "Oh--oh no--"

   "I want you to come. I'm going to make you come."

   "I--I can't--I can't--"

   "You can, Cindy. You're going to come for me."

   "No--"

   "Do it. I'll make you do it. I'll make you come."

   "I can't--I won't--"

   "You will. You will, Cindy. How's this? How's this, baby? How's
that?"

   "AH. AAHH. OH NONONONONO."

   "Do it, Cindy baby. Come!"

   "I can't I can't oh god I can't I oh I ahh I can't please don't
AH AH AHH I can't I won't don't do that shit oh shit Jesus Christ
oh I can't shit I-I-I OH NO YOU BASTARD SHIT AAHH AAHH AAIIEEE
NAUUUNAHH AUGGHHH AHAHAHAHA I-I'M--I-I'M-- AAARRRRGGGG NOOAAAAA
EEEEIIIIIIII! I'M COMING I'MCOMINGI'MCOMINGGGGG...HAU HAU HAUHAU
AAUURRRRRRRRGGGHHH...AUH...AUH...AUH..."

   "Beautiful, Cindy, and I'm going to come too, all over that
beautiful face, on your lips, drink it, Cindy--AHH-- Drink it--
AHH-- Swallow it...And now you can suck it dry CINDY...




                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 1

      The dinner party that night was extraordinarily fraught with tension, for
the rumor was that Lord Aldenby had finally become so disgusted with the
haughty and aristocratic Lady Aldenby that he had determined to humble her and
degrade her before the entire company. Our tension was heightened by the fact
that there were no women in attendance.

      At last our host appeared, along with his young and beautiful wife,
looking as haughty and as aristocratic as ever. But I noticed that the lady was
unable to look any of us steadily in the face. I also thought she had to stop
herself from gulping down her drink.

      I must say I was vastly stimulated by the idea of watching this
high-blown lady forced to shame and debase herself. We sat down to dinner, and
her eyes stayed on her plate.

      At last: "Julia," Lord Aldenby said, "all these gentlemen would be most
gratified to see your breasts. Naked, you know. Kindly oblige, my dear."

      Our breaths stopped.

      Lady Aldenby cast one swift, imploring look at her husband. He was blank.
She lifted her head. I saw a gleam of tears in her eyes. Her hands shook
slightly as she brought them to the front of her dress. She undid the catch and
the buttons. And then took off the top part of the outfit. Her breasts were
naked, and quivering.

      Lady Aldenby looked at no one. She sat with her bare breasts as we all
stared, motionless. And then Lord Aldenby said, "Thank you, Julia. Now stand
for us."

      Lady Aldenby started to say something, but caught herself. And got up
from her chair. And allowed her dress to fall around her feet.

      "Behold, gentlemen," Lord Aldenby said. "I have forbidden Julia to don
underthings tonight. I assume her body has your approval?"

      A foolish question. The naked Lady Aldenby was a breathtaking sight.

      Lord Aldenby directed her to turn slowly in front of us, and as she did
so she began to cry.

      "And now," Lord Aldenby said, "ring for Johnson to clear away, please,
Julia."

      Julia stood still, as though stunned. Lord Aldenby just waited. At last,
sobbing softly, Lady Aldenby picked up the bell and rang for the servant.

      Johnson came in. He could not stop himself from staring at the naked and
trembling form of his mistress.

      "Now, Julia," Lord Aldenby said. "I want our guests to have the pleasure
of your utter humiliation. As a taste of what is to come. You will kindly go to
Johnson, go down on your knees before him, take out his penis, and minister to
it with your lovely soft mouth."

      Lady Aldenby swayed, and all of us held our breath.

      "Do it lovingly, Julia," Lord Aldenby said, "for you will do it for all
of us before this night is over. And much more. Do not protest, Julia. Your
dignity is destroyed; your pride is in ruins; your chastity is to be violated
in any and all ways which I can find to subject you to. As for your physical
well-being and the continuation of the pristine condition of your body, that
will depend largely on how happy Johnson is -- and how happy I and the rest of
us are -- with your ministrations. Now."

      And Lady Aldenby walked to Johnson, bowed down, and did as Lord Aldenby
had commanded.

      Later, as she lay spread out across the table and I plunged in and out of
that sobbing, squirming body, in my turn, I knew that haughty, aristocratic
lady would always know her place...

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 2

      Lady Aldenby was never the same after that night.

      Nor was I.

      Each time I saw the lady, I could not but recall her as she was then,
humiliated and violated by us all. I saw her naked, twisting body stretched out
upon the large dining table, each wrist and ankle held firmly by one of us on
the orders of Lord Aldenby; her arms and legs spread wide and taut, her
degraded body open and blazingly helpless. Of course it had not been necessary
to hold her, for if Lord Aldenby had commanded her to lie still for us to do
with her as we would, she must have done so. It was the lord's will, though, to
have his proud wife pinned down and raped by force, to add to her shame.

      And each time Lady Aldenby saw me, or I suppose any of us, that memory
suffused her mind also. As haughty in her carriage as ever, still her face
showed that she recalled that singular night -- and that she knew that I was
recalling it also. A tremor of her body, a slight avoidance in her eyes, told
me, and also, I am sure, added to her mental horror and humiliation. The
awareness and the memory made my cock stiff as a board.

      One day, Lord Aldenby, in the lady's presence, commended my work and
asked what particular thing I would like as a reward. I took a good breath and
gazed directly into the lady's eyes. I saw fear in them.

      To Lord Aldenby I said boldly, "I would like a night with Lady Aldenby,
my lord. Alone. With your command to her that she obey any and all of my
orders."

      "No," Lady Aldenby whispered.

      Lord Aldenby smiled. "Done," he said. "Tonight. My dear, you will submit
to all commands. Promptly and docilely. Is that understood?"

      The lady shook. "Yes, my lord," she said softly.

      And that night she came to my room.

      It was most gratifying to watch the proud, haughty and aristocratic Lady
Aldenby quaking with shame, fear and rage as she awaited my commands. I had her
strip slowly, very slowly, standing and turning in front of me until she was
completely naked. I then had her walk about the room, watching and watching as
she displayed her body in delightful motion, watching the swaying of her
breasts and the rippling thighs. And then I had her go to her knees, and crawl.
I sat back and brought out my hard cock while I watched her crawl back and
forth, back and forth. She began to sob.

      "Oh, my lady," I said, "your shameful crying is joyful music to my prick.
Do crawl over here now and take it into your voluptuous mouth."

      The lady did, slowly, as I said. Her quivering lips were magic around my
prick. The lovely head bobbed up and down, and her soft hair brushed across my
crotch.

      "I will shoot into your face," I said, and I did, listening with joy to
her degraded cries as my gism spurted over her mouth, her eyes, her hair, her
nose and chin.

      "And now spread out," I said. "I shall fuck you on the floor...

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 3

      The long-awaited exhibition of Lady Aldenby's whipping was the most
exciting day of the year.

      At dinner a month ago, Lord Aldenby had asked his young wife to stand as
he made his announcement. We all watched her as he spoke.

      "You have all seen my wife undergo humiliation," he said. "You have all
seen her naked. You have all watched her using her mouth on my servant. You
have all taken your pleasure with her body. But degradation, exposure and rape
have not done enough to still her spirit. Not to my liking. Docility,
obedience, scraping are not sufficient. She must be broken. For once and for
all. Crushed. Ground into the dirt like the pig slut slave shit- licking cunt
that she is."

      Tears rolled down Lady Aldenby's face. Her body shook. It was most
fascinating to watch.

      "In a month," Lord Aldenby continued, "you will all attend an exhibit at
which Lady Aldenby will be whipped."

      We all gasped.

      Lady Aldenby moaned and sank to her knees.

      "Yes," Lord Aldenby said, gloating. "Whipped. Thoroughly and without
mercy. From head to toe, front and back. Whipped. Lashed. Flogged. Beaten until
her body is a mass of raw meat, until she is hoarse and bloody-throated with
screaming; until she hangs limp and unconscious in front of you all."

      Lady Aldenby slipped to the floor. She twisted against the ground,
sobbing, kissing her husband's foot and begging brokenly for mercy. Lord
Aldenby went on as if she didn't exist.

      "Lady Aldenby will be hung up by her wrists, high off the floor," he
said. "She will be stripped naked, and I shall allow sufficient time for you to
enjoy the sight of her fine body, swaying and wriggling and squirming with pain
and horror. And then the whipping will begin. Methodically, steadily, and with
no hiatus, no matter how loud or pathetic her screaming and howling and
shrieking and pleading and begging and squirming and twisting and kicking and
pitching. And all of you will participate."  A buzz went through us. "Yes. All
of you will have an opportunity to whip her as you please. Nothing will be
spared. Her breasts, by all means. And thighs. Flog them. Blood will run down
her back, over that curvaceous body. Think of the sight. Her body stretched so
taut that her breasts thrust out for the whip, nipples aching. Ah. Aching. And
of course our entertainment would be lacking if not for a final touch -- or two
or more -- of the branding iron."

      Now Lady Aldenby screamed. "Oh, god," she babbled, clutching his leg. "Oh
dear god, no, for god's sake have pity, oh pity, oh no... no..."

      The lord smiled down on her. "When it is finished, you may all rape her.
But you must do it brutally, as roughly as you can. I want her in continuous
pain. Ruin her body and you will ruin her spirit. That haughty soul will bow
down to its masters from now on. And now, Julia, you will strip -- no, don't
get up -- strip and spread out so our guests can ravish you as much as they
wish while you still have a body..."

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 4

      After her public whipping, Lady Aldenby was no longer that haughty,
aristocratic woman whom Lord Aldenby had married. She was no broken to his
liking, and the lord kept it that way.

      Night after night he would call one of us to her room, and would allow us
to sit and watch while he had his way with his wife's body.

      At some point he would usually command her to look straight at the
watcher as he fucked her. Lady Aldenby's horror and humiliation was finally
topped by Lord Aldenby's forcing her to orgasm. To watch the lady's face as
unwittingly she was driven to climax again and again, was a study calculated to
produce a hard penis in any man.

      And when he was through with her, the lord commanded us to take the
naked, panting body. Gloatingly he would watch as I got on top of her,
listening to her moans and sounds of shame. He would give her instructions as I
took her, making her twist her hips or arch her body, or roll her breasts
against me, or open her luscious mouth for my kiss. And it was fine to have
this once so proud woman sobbing and thrashing under my thrusts, and to shoot
my gism far into her wriggling cunt.

      One night Lord Aldenby made her lie on top of me and grind her whole body
against mine, then crouch above me and pump slowly up and down, up and down on
my cock, bouncing her full breasts and squirming until I shot.

      Another night I was allowed to fuck the lady in the ass. I loved having
her crouched on all fours, head hanging, long hair dangling, crying and howling
with pain and degradation as I pushed my prick hard all the way up her anal
passage, and thrust and thrust back and forth, holding her quivering breasts in
my hands, vising the nipples in my fingers, squeezing them as hard as I could
to make her groan and shriek and twist and buck until I shot.

      Then Lord Aldenby would usually make her crawl for us, on all fours or on
her stomach, or roll around on the floor like a whining dog.

      Both of us would have her again before the night was finished.

      And what I did we all did.

      Lady Aldenby belonged to all of us now. If she saw us in the hall, she
had to kneel quickly until we had gone.

      At dinner she was always naked.

      Lord Aldenby amused himself by having her suck off the servants.

      Often he had her crawl around under the table all during dinner, taking
each of our cocks into her mouth and sucking us off slowly, in turn.

      And once a month, without fail, she was strung up in front of us all and
whipped without mercy, after which she was brutally raped by all of us, plus
any man whom the lord could bring in from his many acquaintances.

      In all the days I was there, I never tired of hearing the lady's screams,
or of raping her body, or of watching her various humiliations, or of having
her crawling and squirming in front of me, crying, sobbing, babbling for an end
to suffering which would not come.

      I loved watching on the day Lord Aldenby had all of us line up to piss on
his young wife as she lay in a shallow pit in front of his mansion.

      And I loved having her in my own room, hung up by her wrists and dangling
in horrid agony, taut, in pain, kicking vainly, twisting in air, yelling,
gasping, while I watched and burned her nipples again and again and again
and...

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 5

      It soon became obvious that the constant whipping and fucking of Lady
Aldenby was giving her a worn and weary look, far from the proud haughtiness of
former days. This was what the lord had aimed for, but now that she was broken
he quickly tired of her charms. Told that she was good only to be chained in
the cellar to function as a sop to the pleasures of the servants and dogs, Lady
Aldenby was forced into consenting to bring her younger sister, Lady Judith, to
the manor, where the youthful, budding girl would be driven by blackmail to
give in to the lord's salacious whims.

      The unsuspecting maid arrived at the manor one morning to be greeted by
the sight of her sister Julia stretched naked on the ground in front of the
house, fastened tightly to four stakes, open to all and sundry who desired to
fuck her or to piss on her body, or to torture her in any way that took their
fancy.

      As Judith stared in shock and horror at the moaning, spread- eagled form,
the lord filled the doorway. "Ah, Lady Judith," he said. "Do come in, my dear.
But first -- take off your clothing. All of it. You see, you will not need
clothing as long as you are in this house -- and I think you will be with us
for a long, long time."

      "Oh, my god," the young girl gasped. "What will you do to me?"

      "Just what I have done to Julia, as you see -- I shall make you a
helpless pawn fit only for fucking, sucking, and whipping. You are now my
slave, and will do as I say at all times, and without hesitation. Now get your
clothes off or I will have my man rip you apart."

      "Ah," Lady Judith said softly. "Oh, my master. I am yours."

      And she took off all her things, slowly, sensuously.

      "I have waited for a man who could bend me to his will," Lady Judith
moaned. "Oh, look upon my naked body, and tell me what you will do with it!"

      "Why, you dirty little slut!" Lord Aldenby said. "I'll tell you, all
right. That beautiful young virginal body will be fucked in every hole it has,
again and again and again, by all my servants, my hangers-on, and my animals.
You will be thrashed, whipped and branded within an inch of your life, and your
constant screams will act as background music when I am occupied with my work.
You will crawl naked about my house, and your mouth and your ass and your cunt
and your tits will all be constantly ready for my cock and for that of any man
I assign you to. You will hang from my ceiling by your wrists throughout each
night, and by your hair during the day. Do you hear what I'm saying, you dirty
filthy cock-sucking pig bitch slut whore asshole shit-licking cunt?"

      "I do, my lord," gasped the girl, falling to the ground. "Oh, I crawl to
you now; I crawl naked on the ground to you on hands and knees. I kiss your
foot, oh my lord. Do with me as you will. I will worship your body with my
mouth. I will twist and squirm and howl under your awful whip. Hurt my body.
Use my soft young body. I will do anything you command. I will give this body
to anyone you say. Oh, allow me to lie with my sister, naked and struggling in
the bright sun, unable to stop my rape, all your men violating my virginal
body, taking me, again, again, again, again..."

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 6

      "My dear Lady Judith," Lord Aldenby said. "I am going to whip your back
to ribbons."

      "My nipples hurt so badly," Lady Judith said, swinging by her wrists,
body taut as a drum.

      "I'm so glad," the lord said. "Why don't you cry for us, you slut?"

      "I cannot draw my breath with him pinching my nipples so brutally,"
Judith said.

      "Do not stop," the lord told his man. "Do it harder."

      "I -- I... I can't... AAAAAAAAAAAAAA." Judith's young body twisted wildly
in air, legs kicking spasmodically. "Oh god, oh god, oh god god god!" she
howled.

      "How I love your pain," Lord Aldenby said. "I can't wait to slash your
smooth skin to rags."

      "Do it," the girl gasped. "Whip my body, thrash me hard, oh my god, don't
pinch... ooooohh no for god's aaaa IIIIIIII OH JESUS I CAN'T
AAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!"

      "Julia," the lord said to his wife, who dangled from her hair across the
room. "It is your turn next, you know."

      Julia only gurgled through her tight gag as I rammed my prick up her ass
and into her guts, as my partner kissed her ruined breasts with the glowing tip
of his cigarette.

      "Put bowling balls on her ankles," the lord commanded. "I want her bloody
tits pulled flat. Flat, I say!"

      "I will fuck your full staff if you will take me down," Judith said. "I
can't stand any more."

      "I will thrash you to ribbons first, you slut," Lord Aldenby said. "And I
will grind your back into the mud. Writhe for us, filthy cunt. Howl your throat
raw." And his whip rose.

      Crack!

      "NOOOOOAAAAAAAAA..."

      "Twist and squirm and kick. And again."

      CRACK!

      "IIIIEEEEEEEEEE! KILL ME!"

      CRACK!

      "You will suck my cock, you shit-licking twat. Tell me that!"

      CRACCK!

      "AAAHHH! I... AAAIIIEEE!... WILL... NOOOOOOOO... SUCK... GGGHHHGGG...
Y-YOUR... HAHAHAHAAAAHHUUUUUUGGGHHH...  C-C-C-C-COOOOOCK..."

      I came inside Lady Julia and took hold of her long hair, pulling her head
back, straining her neck, so I could kiss her gagged mouth as I spurted. Kiss
her twisting lips as my partner kissed her straining nipples with his torturing
cigarette. Kiss her hard and painfully, tugging the soft hair, coming and
coming in her anus.

      Lord Aldenby was making Judith dance in mid-air, dance with pain and
agony. The man who was pinching her nipples caught her thrashing legs and
thrust himself between her thighs, brutally slamming his prick into her
wriggling, jouncing cunt. We all listened to her howls as she was whipped from
behind and fucked in front, her so juicy young body doing its wild
uncontrollable dance of horror.

      But she would fuck us all that night, fuck us with passion and abandon,
lying on the great wooden table in the dining room on which I had first
participated in her sister Julia's mass fucking and humiliation.

      When she had worn us all out and we had all urinated all over her
writhing, taut body, Lord Aldenby brought in the dogs. Lady Judith fucking,
sucking and being brought to orgasm by a pack of dogs was a sight I can still
call up. I call it up as I fuck Lady Julia, whose ruined but still luscious
body is pulled so tightly across my bed that her ribs stick out against her
smooth skin. I hold tightly to her aching titties, twisting them, knowing the
angry burns still throb agonizingly as I maul those mounds. And I force her to
kiss me as I slam into her, her unwilling lips squirming against my lips, her
sounds of pain and horror filling my mouth.

      I fuck away at my lord's lady, while downstairs young Lady Judith awaits
what may befall. Morning will find her on her knees in the privy, drinking piss
from cock after cock after cock. Lord Aldenby will want to watch as they make
her bob for shit in the toilet, and also fuck that small young ass. I think
about it as I pound Lady Julia and kiss her soft lips, and grab her tongue in
my teeth and hold it, coming as she bucks with pain under my body, arches and
wriggles and Judith crawls naked in at my door. God...

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 7

      And so it was, day by day, night by night, two women always at our mercy
in the manor. But mercy was not in large supply. Julia and Judith, in their
different ways, submitted to our lusts -- lusts for torture and pain as well as
for their bodies. Judith was basically masochistic, and although she suffered
and screamed as much as anybody under our whips or our branding irons, she
would not have changed her situation if she could. Lady Judith loved being hurt
and humiliated and degraded as much as she hated it. And Lady Judith loved to
fuck. Fuck and suck us all. On and on. With her luscious young body straining
against the chains that spread her curvaceous limbs far apart, with her
shaking, hard-nippled breasts flattened and also thrusting up at us, with her
soft torso twisting against the hard top of the huge table, she would thrash
through orgasm after orgasm, howling in joy, delight and pain as the pack of us
took her again and again and again and again...

      But Lady Julia, of course, was another story. Her pain was nothing but
pain; her degradation a constant and unmitigating horror. On a number of
occasions, when Lord Aldenby had kept her hanging by her hair all night long in
his room, she told him that she wanted him to kill her. The lord only laughed.
He would not, he said, do without the joyful pleasure of having her screams and
moans and sobs to accompany his slumber through the night. And he loved waking
up to find her hanging in front of him, almost mad with pain, her once haughty
body doing its slow, squirming dance in the air. Most often he would watch her
until his cock was throbbing with lust, and then roll on top of Lady Judith,
tied tautly across his bed, and fuck her hard and fast, still looking at the
dangling form of his pain-maddened wife.

      "Julia," Lord Aldenby said one night at dinner. "I wish to have a trial
to find out which method of hurting a woman's breasts is most painful --
burning or sticking with pins."

      Lady Julia, sitting naked at the foot of the long table, shut her eyes
and began to moan softly.

      "And so you will act as our guinea pig, Julia -- for a pig is what you
are. Stand up."

      And we took the shaking woman to a stand that was built for this purpose,
and soon she was bowed sharply backwards over it, hands and ankles tightly
bound, body most tautly stretched, and breasts thrust beautifully, prominently
out and up.

      "Now," Lord Aldenby said.

      And with him on one side and me on the other, this cruel trial was on. In
turn, the lord seared Julia's left tit with a hot branding iron, and I (when
the lady had stopped flopping about and yowling to burst my eardrums) stuck a
long, thick, sharp pin as deeply into her nipple as it would go. And twisted
it.

      Lady Julia's sounds of pain and horror filled the room, and many men had
soon fallen upon young Lady Judith and rammed their cocks one after another
into her cunt and ass and mouth. They made her scream too, though I think at
that time Lady Julia's won the prize for loudness. We continued alternately
burning and sticking her ruined tits for a long, long while. Luckily, she was
tied in such a way that she could be fucked, front and back, without any need
to untie that straining, writhing, wriggling, humping, arching, taut, rolling,
struggling, jerking, pain-crazed body. And I did, until she lost consciousness.

      That night again I had the lovely Lady Judith crawl naked into my room. I
had her drink my piss from my cock, swallowing it all, and I had her catch my
shit in her mouth as it came out of my ass. I told her that if she got sick on
my floor I would make her eat it. Her sobs and choking groans made my prick so
hard that I hit her across the mouth with it, driving her to the floor, and I
dropped onto her luscious curving young body and bit at her pink nipples. Bit
and bit, hard, harder, and Judith put her long curving legs around me and
rubbed her thighs on my skin and squirmed in pain and tried to get me to fuck
her churning, pain-vibrating body.

      "Fuck," I said, and she did....

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 8

      Lady Julia was covered with piss. It glistened on her body and oozed onto
the wounds striping her skin. She lay in a slimy puddle of piss and shit. She
had lain there for many hours, and would go on lying there for many more. Her
mouth was distorted by an ancient hinging gag, which held her mouth wide open,
straining her jaws and allowing passage for any fluids that might be poured
down her throat. Horrible gasping, rasping sounds came out of the gaping mouth.
Particularly when the dogs and pigs and goats were set upon her helplessly
bound body.

      Nearby, Lady Judith was hanging from a tree by her hair, wrists bound in
back of her, as two men fucked her front and back and a third stuck small
spikes all over the soft flesh of her young, wildly twisting body.

      It was this sight with which Lord Aldenby introduced his cousin, the
Marquis of Smight, to life at his manor.

      "My good lord!" the marquis said in shock. "What -- or who -- will be
your next victim, I wonder?"

      "Your wife," Lord Aldenby said.

      "Ah," Smight said. "How ingenious. Anna is coming now."

      Lady Anna was tall, slim, lusciuosly curved and had long dark hair. My
mouth watered, for I knew I would soon see this fine lady naked and bound and
squirming with pain. Lady Julia and Lady Judith had spoiled us, and we wanted
fresh young flesh at our mercy.

      Lady Anna knew right away what was in store for her. A small sound came
from her throat as she saw the tortured women.

      "No!" she gasped, choking. "No! No!"

      "But yes, my darling Lady Anna," Lord Aldenby said. "Your husband has
sold you to me for my slave."

      "Ahh no, no!" Lady Anna moaned, shaking. "For god's sake, no. I beg you,
I cannot stand this!"

      "Your fright is most stimulating, my lady," the lord said. "And I am
certain that your body will be also. I would like to see it now. All of it. You
will now take off your clothes."

      "Oh dear god," Anna moaned. "You cannot -- I can't -- oh John, John --"

      "Do as Lord Aldenby says, Anna," said Smight. "You are his now. His lowly
toy and plaything, to do his bidding. Now do it."

      "No... not out in... not in front of..."

      "In front of us all," Lord Aldenby said. "Your body will be used by my
whole staff, in all ways. Now begin."

      "No, no, no, ah god, help me..."

      "Allow me to convince my wife, my lord," Smight said. And his crop
flashed in a series of hard, brutal blows across the lady's firm round breasts.
Her screams split the air again and again. And soon we were watching as she
took off all her clothing, sobbing wildly and trying vainly to cover her firm
young body with her hands.

      Whip! Whap! Scream!

      And Lady Anna stood naked in front of us all, hands down, crying and
shaking and absolutely beautiful.

      By that night, when a satiated Lord Aldenby sent her to my room, Lady
Anna had been taught with brutal thoroughness what she was and what she must
do.

      She crawled in at my door. "Oh my master," she said. "I am yours for this
night. I am your humble naked slave, your thing, your toy." She was sobbing
now. I smiled. "I am a slut and a whore. I am a dirty filthy piece of shit. I
am a lowly cock- sucker. My mouth is yours, my lord; my body is yours, my lord;
my tits, my nipples are yours, my lord; my legs, my hips, my thighs, my back;
my ass is yours, oh my lord. I will do as you command. I will fuck you again
and again, I will suck you with mouth and lips and tongue, I will drink your
piss and eat your shit, I will degrade myself before you, crawl for you, shame
my honor. Destroy my honor and my dignity, lord. Hurt my body, abuse my young,
proud flesh. Whip me all over." Sob. "B-burn my breasts and my thighs. Ohh god,
ohh let me prostrate this body for you..."

      I told her to stop, I had had enough. I said, "Piss. Right now."

      But she couldn't. So I put out a few cigars on her nipples. Slowly. Until
she pissed on my floor.

      I said, "Drink it," and the lady, in a paroxysm of shame and disgust,
bowed down and obeyed.

      "Wipe it up with your hair," I said. "And then lie flat on the floor and
spread out, so you can get splinters in your tits as I fuck your tight young
ass."

      Next day Lord Aldenby put on an exhibition of whipping, with Lady Anna as
the victim of honor. In front of us all she was hung up by her wrists in the
dining hall and whipped by the lord and the marquis until she was raw-throated
from howling and that body spasmed horribly as it rotated and dangled as we
watched.

      And then she was stretched on the table and raped and raped and raped...

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                     Part 9

      "I will fuck them all," said the Marquis of Smight. "I will fuck Lady
Julia, I will fuck Lady Judith, I will fuck Lady Anna. Who else can I fuck, my
lord?"

      "Fuck your granddaughter," Lord Aldenby said.

      "Ah, I would love to do that, but the girl is but a school child."

      "So what," the lord said. "Is she not a sexy young bitch?"

      "Ah yes, oh yes, my lord. She has legs like a young colt. Thighs that
make my mouth water. Calves that cry out for stroking. And her fine, luscious,
bouncing, squirming, hard- nippled breasts make a man's cock throb with want."

      "So then," Lord Aldenby said. "Get her, my boy. Bring her to the manor,
and I assure you you can fuck her all you want. Of course, I want my share, you
know."

      "Gladly, my lord," said the marquis. "But as I say, Lucinda is in school.
And she is still a virgin, I'm sure."

      "Gad, man, what of that?" roared Lord Aldenby. "Get her! I want her! By
god, I shall break her schoolgirl spirit, all right! Would you not like to see
that young, nubile body crawling on the ground in front of you? Crawling on her
belly, squirming, begging to fuck you if only you will stop hurting her?
Hanging by her wrists, stretched as tight as a rubber band, head thrown back,
mouth open and screaming, legs thrashing, taut body twisting as you..."

      "Oh my god," Smight said, "stop. Your words and the things you describe
have me so aroused..."

      "Good," said the lord. "Take it out on Julia, or Judith, or Anna, and
while you fuck them, think of your young Lucinda and all the things you will
make her do to you. If you take Judith, say, and lay her out on the bed of
spikes inside, she will give you such a fuck upon her wild, bucking, bouncing
body..."

      "I go," the marquis said.

      "Thrash her first," Lord Aldenby told him. "It will make her pain so much
worse."

      Lucinda, he thought. Pretty Lucinda. I want you right now, on your knees
with your sobbing mouth around my cock. Stripping for me as you suck.

      Who should he fuck now? Anna was hanging in his bathroom right now,
hanging by her hair from the ceiling, waiting for him to brand her with his
cigar tip while she yelled her head off. God, he loved doing that! Anna did
such a stimulating dance for him in mid-air as he touched the cigar to her
flesh all over her body.

      But it was Julia he wanted now, Lady Julia, his wife, whom he had reduced
from a haughty, aristocratic snob to a ruined, broken hulk. After all the
whippings and brandings and torturing and shaming and public fucking and
sucking, he still got a big hard-on by making her crawl for him.

      "Julia," he called, "crawl in here."

      Julia crawled in awkwardly, for her hands were bound behind her back.

      "Roll around on the floor, pig slut," he said.

      And Lady Julia got down and rolled, painfully, until he said stop.

      Soon he was fucking Julia's mouth as his man whipped her thighs with a
riding crop, making her sob and gasp and whimper around his cock.

      Lucinda, Lord Aldenby thought. A young girl. Firm, hard tits to torture.
Curving young legs to slash to ribbons. Smooth skin to burn and ruin. A young
soft mouth to rape, a virgin cunt to ram your cock into. Lucinda. Ah, how you
will look spread-eagled across my dining table, limbs pulled so taut the skin
will almost rip, tits flat and curvy, body covered with gism, body and face
with gism from my men. Hundreds of them. Fucking your young, luscious,
delicious, squirming, twisting, arching, bucking, rolling, thrashing,
struggling, bouncing, tortured, tormented, aching, jerking, ruined body! When I
am through with you I will throw you into the cellar and you can amuse the
servants. And the dogs.

      Judith howled loudly. Ah good. Smight was hurting her. Judith was no
longer a masochist. Pain is not fun when it is suffered constantly,
incessantly, and horribly. Only for the sadist is it fun. Ah, yes. Scream.
Julia will scream also. Anna will scream delightfully.

      "I will bring Lucinda," Smight said, coming in.

      "Good," the lord said. "Right now, you can fuck Julia's mouth as soon as
I finish, and I will go see what you have done to Judith."

      "I hope Anna is in pain," Smight said.

      "Upstairs, hanging in my bathroom by her hair, my boy. Go pay your
luscious wife a visit. Would you loke to thrash the bitch on the breasts?"

      "I want to do it to Lucinda," Smight said. "My god, the tits, the young,
bouncing tits. To lay the crop across them and watch her howl and struggle and
beg... to lie on top of her, forcing her to curl her young thighs around my
waist, forcing her to wriggle and twist under me. To shoot up her virgin pussy,
and kiss her yelling mouth, kiss her twisting lips and let her scream down my
throat, kiss and kiss her while I pull her hair and slap her tits and kiss and
fuck and hurt and pull and kiss kiss kiss my Lucinda..."

        ...............................................................

                                LORDS AND LADIES
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                    Part 10

      "I'm sorry, sir," the school principal said, "but Miss Lucinda is
unavailable right now. She is being chastised."

      "Chastised?" Lord Aldenby said. "For what, may I ask?"

      "For nothing, sir. Simply that. Except for the fact that Miss Lucinda has
the most sinfully nubile body I have seen in many a long day. Many of our
instructors have gotten most aroused by the constant sight of her swaying,
bouncing breasts. And her smooth, curving bare legs. And her full, pouty lips.
And her long, long, swinging yellow hair. And so it was naturally decided that
there was only one fitting way to satisfy their lusts. By first punishing Miss
Lucinda until that sweet young body is a bloody ruin, and then making her into
the slut she is by fucking her repeatedly, over and over and over again."

      "By god!" Lord Aldenby said. "What a bully school this is! But can we not
see the little slut?"

      "It is most unusual," the principal said.

      "We will pay," said Smight.

      "Ah. Well. Just at the moment, Miss Lucinda is being stretched on the
rack."

      "My lord!" said Lord Aldenby.

      "Hark!" said the principal. "I think, if you listen, you can just hear
the young lady."

      A far away but most shrill and spine-chilling scream could be faintly
heard.

      "The rack!" the lord said. "By god, we must see this!"

      "Well... Miss Lucinda is most certainly not in a position to object,"
said the principal.

      And he took them downstairs to a sound-fast room containing many
instruments of pain. The largest was a round wooden rack, and upon it lay the
naked body of young Lucinda, most tightly stretched and obviously in horrible
pain. Screams came continually from her wide open mouth. Her head, the only
part of her body that could move at all, rolled wildly from side to side, and
her long yellow hair hung down almost to the floor. But she was the most
erotically beautiful sight in the world. The taut, straining body was curved
and hollowed in mouth-watering relief. The elongated calves and thighs were
exquisite. The thrusting, quivering, luscious young breasts cried out to be
touched -- or beaten. They did not bounce now, but that they could sway and
swing until they drove a man mad, was most obvious.

      "By god," Lord Aldenby said softly. "I would pay five thousand dollars
right now, to be able to slash those titties with a whip or a riding crop."

      The girl screamed louder.

      "How many lashes, my lord?" said the principal.

      "A dozen," the lord said. "Ten thousand for two dozen."

      "You may pick any whip you wish, my lord."

      "Thanks," the lord said. "This will do."

      As he moved toward the bound and helpless girl, whip in hand, Lucinda
tried desperately to twist against her bonds. That tight, curving body twitched
and spasmed in a futile attempt to avoid what was coming.

      Lord Aldenby raised his arm. Frantically, Lucinda tried to stop gasping
and yelling long enough to say something, to beg and plead. Lord Aldenby smiled
happily.

      "Ah, my dear young Lucinda," he said. "Such fine, fine breasts. Take
that." And his arm came down.

      A loud, cracking sound that made Smight's cock hard in a moment. A
terrible, vibrating scream that rebounded off the walls.

      The whip rose again. And fell.

      "Oh, Christ," said Smight through Lucinda's blasting shriek, "I must add
to this wonderfully suffering whore's agony. Or perhaps, still better, I can
fuck her squirming young cunt while Lord Aldenby whips those tortured tits."

      "I will pay," Lord Aldenby said. "Do it, man!"

      "Thanks," Smight said, forcing his cock between Lucinda's curving thighs
and putting his weight onto her horribly taut torso.

      "Miss Lucinda howls so nicely, does she not?" the principal said.

      "Join in, man," the lord said. "Go on. Burn her, for god's sake. Take
this, you filthy young cocksucker. Take this and this and this!"

      Crack! Slash! Whack!

      "How beautiful her body is in her pain!" said Smight. "How this cunt
spasms! Hurt her some more, my lord. Whip harder as I come inside her twat.
Burn her, principal!"

      "I am burning the slut now. Burning the writhing little yowling bitch.
Ah, Miss Lucinda, hurt, you whore. You young, smooth, soft, breast-bouncing,
hip-swinging Miss Lucinda. I kiss you with pain..."




                               LORNA AND THE LAW
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Mmmphh-mmmphh," Lorna said.

      "No," I said. "I like you that way."

      "Mmmm -- Mm --"

      "I love it," I said. And I did. My cock was standing up, throbbing. "I'll
have to gag you all the time."

      "Nnngghh," Lorna said.

      "Christ. If you could only move, I'd have you pull my cock out right now.
And go down on it, gag and all."

      But Lorna couldn't do that, not the way I had her tied on the car seat
next to me. Driving through the night with my Lorna sitting at my side,
unmoving. With her hands lashed behind her back. And her ankles pinioned
tightly, held still by ropes clamped to the floorboards. And with her long
lustrous brown hair tied too, fastened to her pulled-back wrists. Making Lorna
hold her head high, pulling it back slightly, not allowing her to look down, or
even to turn to look at me, or out the window. Not without a gasp of pain. But
that occasional gasp, or moan, or whimper, through the gag, always made my cock
jump. And with Lorna's snug blouse, pulling so tightly across her straining,
quivering, beckoning breasts. And with Lorna's skirt riding high, high over her
luscious, curving, lust-rousing thighs. Lorna. Unmoving as I drove through the
night. Lorna gagged. But not silent. Whimpering. Moaning. Wordlessly pleading.

      Lorna was not fond of being gagged.

      And I was fond of doing things that Lorna was not fond of.

      My cock was throbbing. I put my right hand on Lorna's bare thigh. The
hand with the cigarette in it. I felt the thigh tighten. "Mmm-mmmphh. Mmm-mmm.
Nnnghh." From that muffled mouth. Lorna's breasts were rising and falling in
rapid apprehension. Lorna's soft smooth thigh flexing, twitching. Lorna trying
to shake her head, hissing at the pain in her scalp.

      "Christ," I said. Anticipating. Anticipating the stiffening, straining
body, the helpless, twisting torment, the full-throated scream that would sound
as a tiny, ragged mewling through the gag.

      And then -- lights. Flashing. And the sound of a siren.

      Cops.

      I took my hand away from Lorna's thigh, slowing down. Lorna made a
half-mewling, half-grunting sound of panic.

      "Cops. I have to stop."

      "Nnnghh! Nnn-nnnhh! Nnnggghhh!"

      "No way out," I said. "Just play it cool." Not that Lorna could do
anything at all about it.

      "Nn-nn-nn-nunnghh." Twisting, squirming, hurting herself trying to pull
away. Panting noisily through the gag. "Unngghh- unnnghh," brokenly as I slowed
and stopped. As the car behind us pulled up and a cop in uniform got out,
holding a flashlight.

      "Nn-unhh mmm!" Lorna said frantically.

      "Oh, no. No, Lorna. You're the only card I have right now."

      Lorna tried to look at me, but couldn't turn that far. I heard the air go
out of her. Saw her sinking in despair against the seat. And now the cop was at
my window.

      "What's the problem, officer?"

      "You know how fast you were going?"

      How could I? About to inflict that burning pain on my captive plaything
Lorna, my foot had lost all sense of proportion on the accelerator. Now he
would ask for my license and registration. That would not be good.

      "Sorry, officer. I didn't know. You see, I was having such a fascinating
conversation with this young lady --"

      Now the flashlight, shining on me, then moving. To Lorna. A loud gasp of
astonishment from the cop. "Jesus Christ!" The flashlight on Lorna's face, then
moving down her body. Her helplessly tied, leggy, full-breasted, luscious body.
And back up to her face. The wide, staring eyes. The tautly pulled hair. And
the gagged, fully stuffed, forcibly wide-open mouth.

      "Holy Christ!" the cop said, almost dropping the flashlight, but not
quite. "What -- what the fuck is going on here?"

      "Not a thing, officer. My lady friend and I are just playing a bit of a
game."

      "A game! Jesus H. Christ!" Now the cop left my window to walk swiftly
around the car to Lorna's side. He shone his light into her window, again
moving it slowly down that pinioned body, and back to her face. He started to
speak, but had to clear his throat first.

      "Miss," he said at last. "Miss -- are you -- I mean -- is this man
kidnapping you? Abducting you?"

      "Nn," Lorna said.

      "What?"

      Lorna shook her head. But it wouldn't shake very far, and with each tiny
turn back and forth, the pull on her hair brought sounds from Lorna.
"Nhh-nnghh-nunn," Lorna said. "Nhh-nnhh- mumphh."

      "No?"

      "Certainly not," I said. "It's just that she is my -- my plaything, you
might say."

      "Plaything. Christ. You play rough, mister. Jesus." Again the flashlight
toured Lorna's shapely form. "Shit. This girl is -- she can't move, can she?"

      "No," I said. "That's part of the point, you know."

      "Yeah, huh? And she can't use her hands, right?"

      "Right."

      "And she can't talk."

      "That's right."

      "Or scream or anything."

      "No, she can't."

      "She can't do anything. No matter what you do."

      "No matter what anybody does," I said.

      "Mmmpphh," Lorna said. "Nngghh. Nnnggh."

      "I could do things to her," the cop said. "And she can't do anything
about it."

      "That's right."

      "And you know what I think, mister? I think you can't do anything about
it either."

      "You're probably right," I said. "With you being an officer of the law,
and having a gun and all."

      "Fuckin' A," the cop said.

      Lorna made a kind of low whinnying sound through her nostrils, and I
could hear her panting in fright.

      "Let's try something," the cop said, and the hand that was not holding
his flashlight now reached through Lorna's open window. It reached for Lorna's
breast. That round high firm sexy bra-less breast, outlined so fully by the
tightly stretching blouse, the hard, pointing nipple sharply defined through
the soft thin cotton. The cop molded his hand over that breast, around it,
holding it, testing it, then mauling it., through that taut material. And then
letting go of it. Only to grasp at that protruding nubbin of nipple. Grasp it
and take it, holding it between his fingers. His thumb and first finger,
actually. Holding it. And then, slowly but most firmly, squeezing. Clamping.
Crushing. Hard. Very hard. Just as hard, I would say, as it was possible for
him to do.

      I watched. As Lorna's eyes went wide. As Lorna's body stiffened,
straining, then shaking, then pulling, or trying to pull, upwards. Frantically
trying to fight the strong cords that bound her. Body arching up from the car
seat, straining tautly in agony. Agony. As the cop did not stop. His fingers
white with the pressure, quivering with it, Lorna straining wildly, vainly,
helplessly. Bare thighs spasming with pain and furious, futile effort. Torso
jerking madly. Head pulled back, far back, with the terrible pulling of that
bound hair as she bucked and rocked and arched like a bow with the agonizing,
unstoppable pain.

      And Lorna, my Lorna, said: "Mm. Nnngghh. Nn-n-nnnuhhgg! Nngghh! Nuhh.
Ngugghh. Nnnnggghhh! Ngngng! NNNNGGGHH! NGNGNGNGUH! Mmphh! Nunnggngngnghh!
NUNNNGGGMMGGGUNNGGHHH! NGANGANNNGGHHANUNGNGNGNNNGGG! GGGGHGHH!
GYANNGGYANNGGHHH! GHGHGHGHGH -- NNNNNNN! NNGGHHHHNNNNGGGHH! NGGANGGH. NGANG.
HUHN. HUHN. NGUNGH. UNNGHUNNG. Hnnnhh. Hnnnhh. Nnnggh. Nngh. Nngh. Nngh. Nn-nn.
Nn-nn-nnhh. NNGH. HUNNG. NNnnn."

      "Christ H. Jesus," the cop said.

      "I was just about to burn her on the thigh when you came along," I said.

      "Do it," the cop said.

      Lorna said the usual things, only a bit more frantically, a bit more
pleadingly, with all the horror of hell in her beautiful brown eyes.

      So I did it.

      The cop and I both watched Lorna and listened to Lorna. For a long time.

      "I want to see her tits," the cop said.

      "Why not?" I said, and I ripped Lorna's blouse open. Lorna was crying. I
tore her skirt off too. Lorna's thighs gleaming.

      "I want her," the cop said.

      "I don't want to untie her."

      "No. Don't. But take that gag out."

      "She'll scream."

      "I don't think so." The cop took out his gun and put its barrel against
Lorna's head. "You won't scream, lady, will you? Hmm?"

      Lorna shook her head. Hard. Crying out through the gag with each painful
shake.

      "Take it out," the cop said.

      I took the gag out.

      "Not a word," the cop said. "Not a fucking sound, lady." He opened the
door and got in, putting his foot on the seat, swinging his other foot over
Lorna's body, straddling her legs, standing on the seat, crouching over. His
crotch toward Lorna's face. He brought his hand to his fly (the hand not
holding the gun -- he had dropped his flashlight on the ground) and pulled at
his zipper. And took out his cock, which was hard, stiff and throbbing -- as
was my own.

      "Gag yourself with this, girl," the cop said. "Now!"

      And Lorna's whimpering, sobbing mouth opened and his prick stuffed itself
into it.

      "Christ!" the cop said.

      Lorna was gagged again, as fully as she had been. Painful crying whimpers
around the cock gag as the cop began moving back and forth, his hips swinging
back and forth, slowly, back and forth, his big stiff cock sliding in and out
of Lorna's helpless mouth, all the way in, Lorna gagging, choking; almost all
the way out, Lorna gasping for air through her sobs and whinnyings. On and on,
with Lorna in constant pain as his rhythm pulled at her head, pulling that
bound hair, hurting her scalp. His knees rubbed at her breasts, punishing those
nipples.

      "Lorna," I said. "Lorna, darling. When our officer friend shoots his load
in your mouth, I want you to take it right down your throat. I want you to
swallow it, Lorna, swallow it all. All of it. Swallow it down. Do you hear me,
Lorna? Do you?"

      And around the plunging, raping prick in her mouth, Lorna said, "Mm-mph."
Which meant yes. Yes, you bastard, I hear you, and I will obey. I will swallow
this man's come, disgusting and nauseating as it may be, horrible as he is, as
much as I hate what he is doing to me, what you are allowing him to do to me
(and loving it all), because I am your slave and you are my master.

      "Swallow, Lorna," I said. "Swallow."

      I will do it, Lorna's gasping whimpers said. And if you wish to make me
stay this way always, bound and gagged for you, I cannot and will not stop you.
And if you want to show off to this idiot still more, if you want to show him
your power over me, by making me crawl in the dust, crawl through the mud,
naked, and then suck you off in front of him, in front of anybody, I will do
that. If you want to burn my thighs again; if you want to hang me from a tree
limb by my wrists, and whip my body until I scream my lungs out, until I
promise to do anything, anything at all, for anybody, I will not object.

      So that's what I did.

      All of it.

      Now Lorna is crouching at my feet, hands bound in back of her, nude, with
that soft warm mouth surrounding my cock. I want your tongue, Lorna. That's my
girl. All around. Now slowly, Lorna. Up and down. Good. I don't care if your
hair hurts. That's just why I tied it this way. All the way down. Now stay
right there. Lorna's hair taut, pulling, Lorna crying around my cock, tongue
licking my cock, Lorna hurting, Lorna choking, Lorna saying around the stiff
gag, "Nnngghh. Nn-nng-ghughgh-mmphh -- nummnghh." Lorna's tears on my thighs.
Swallow this, my gagging lady...




                              MISS TULLY'S BARGAIN
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Sit down, Miss Tully."

      "I'd rather stand, sir. Look, I know what you saw --"

      "I don't want to hear it, Miss Tully. Such behavior is unforgivable. Do
you know what it could do to this firm if anybody had --"

      "I know, and I'm sorry. But it wasn't my fault, Mr. Daniels. I just had
no choice. If you --"

      "That's enough. Nothing can excuse what I saw. And nothing can compensate
for it. I'm going to have to fire you, Miss Tully. You can --"

      "Please. Please, Mr. Daniels, you can't. I can't lose this job, I just --
I --"

      "I can't keep you, Miss Tully. Your behavior --"

      "But I -- I'll -- it won't --"

      "I'm sorry. It can't be overlooked. It can't go unpunished. You can --"

      "But -- must you fire me, sir? I know I should be punished, but couldn't
you --"

      "Couldn't I what, Miss Tully?"

      "Well -- sir -- you might -- if you want to punish me -- you might punish
me some other way. Don't you think?"

      "What do you mean?"

      "I know I should be punished, sir. And I'm willing to take my punishment.
But I can't lose this job, I just can't. So if you want to -- punish me -- any
other way --"

      "Miss Tully, I don't know if I understand you. Any way, you say?"

      "Any way you want, Mr. Daniels. Any way at all."

      "I see. I -- Miss Tully, are you by any chance referring to -- ah --
corporal punishment?"

      "If that's what you want, Mr. Daniels."

      "You do know what corporal punishment is, Miss Tully?"

      "Yes, sir. I do."

      "I see. Ah. Well. Corporal punishment. I must say that -- has its
attractions. Yes indeed. To punish you with -- what? A strap? Or --"

      "Anything you like, sir."

      "Anything I -- oh yes, that does certainly have its attractions. No
limitations, then, Miss Tully?"

      "I -- I am not in much of a position to -- to bargain, am I, sir?"

      "Ah. No. No, you're not. No. Ah. Well. A strap. Or -- wait. How about
this. This ruler here. This looks good. Don't you think so? Pretty hard wood,
I'd say. Not too thick, but not too thin either. I imagine this would hurt. I
imagine it could be quite painful. What do you think, Miss Tully?"

      "I -- Yes, sir. I'm sure it could."

      "Then I'll use it on you, Miss Tully. For your punishment. Do you agree
to that?"

      "Yes, Mr. Daniels. If that's what you want. Sir."

      "And where, Miss Tully? And how many times, Miss Tully?"

      "That -- that is for you to say, sir. I trust you will not be -- harder
on me than -- than you think right."

      "But it will have to hurt, Miss Tully. It must hurt you, or what is the
use of it? Isn't that right?"

      "Yes, sir. I suppose it is."

      "Do you know, Miss Tully, I am quite looking forward to this. I am going
to enjoy punishing you. Much more than firing you. Isn't that nice for both of
us?"

      "I -- yes, sir. If you say so."

      "I think a fair punishment would be, say -- oh -- depending on location,
of course, but let's say on an average -- I think a dozen. Oh, at least that. A
dozen times. Hard ones. How does that sound to you, Miss Tully?"

      "It's -- that's a lot, sir. If you --"

      "Of course if you would prefer to be fired --"

      "No, sir. No. Please. Please."

      "Than shall it be twelve? At least?"

      "At -- at least?"

      "Well, let's say twelve then. But distributed as far as location is
concerned. Let us agree on that."

      "Yes, sir."

      "The first three -- across your buttocks. Good and hard, as I said.
Agreed?"

      "The -- the first three? Only that? But --"

      "Three on the backs of your thighs, I think. They should be tender
enough. What do you say?"

      "I -- if you --"

      "And another three -- no -- say four -- across your back. Well spaced,
between shoulders and waist. Oh yes, that sounds painful, doesn't it? But you
won't object, will you, Miss Tully?"

      "I -- that -- that's only ten --"

      "Yes. I have left two, just two, two particularly hard ones, Miss Tully.
Do you know for what?"

      "Not -- not --"

      "I think you do. Yes, Miss Tully. Your breasts. Two for your breasts. The
two last. What do you say, Miss Tully. Do we have a deal?"

      "I -- if you -- do that -- on my front -- I may have to scream. People
will --"

      "Than I shall gag you, Miss Tully. Do you mind?"

      "I -- no. No."

      "Good. All right then. Why don't we start right now. For the first three,
Miss Tully, why don't you stand right in front of my desk and bend forward just
a bit -- bracing your hands on it --  that's it. Oh, that should be fine. That
pushes your buttocks out, and I can hit them beautifully this way. I don't
think your rather thin skirt, and -- ah -- whatever you have on beneath it --
is going to afford much protection, do you, Miss Tully?"

      "No, sir. I don't."

      "No. You wouldn't care to pull it up for me, would you, Miss Tully?"

      "I -- that wasn't --"

      "I see. All right. In which case I'll have to compensate by hitting a bit
harder, won't I? Are you ready?"

      "Yes, sir. I'm ready."

      "Then -- here!"

      "Haugghh! Aaahh. SSSSSS. Oh god! Unhh."

      "How's that, Miss Tully. Did that hurt?"

      "Ahh. Yes."

      "Yes, sir, if you please, Miss Tully. After all as I'm not firing you I
am still your employer, am I not?"

      "Yes, sir. I -- I'm sorry, sir."

      "Now. Try this!"

      "Haaauggghhhh! Waahhh! Augh! Augh! Augh! Oh god, oh dear god."

      "And a third."

      "Gaahhh! Ooohh! Jesus! Auggh!"

      "That's the first three, Miss Tully. No, you may as well stay as you are.
Just stay still. I do like the way you're squirming and twisting though. This
ruler truly packs a wallop, doesn't it. I can tell you are in pain, Miss Tully.
But you deserve it. Don't you?"

      "I -- if you -- yes, sir."

      "Now for the three on your thighs. If you bend a bit more it will pull
your skirt just a jot higher, so that I may perhaps aim for your bare skin."

      "I --"

      "Do it, Miss Tully."

      "All right."

      "Of course if you would voluntarily hike it up for me --"

      "Oh please -- that's not what --"

      "No. All right. Now let's try -- this!"

      "Nnnnnaaauuuu! Oh Jesus god please --"

      "Please what, Miss Tully? Please stop? Please fire you instead?"

      "N-no. No, sir."

      "Then you mean please go on. Is that it, Miss Tully?"

      "Unnhh --"

      "Say it, Miss Tully."

      "I -- oh -- p-please... go on. Sir."

      "All right. I will. But I don't want you to make so much noise, all
right? I love hearing your sounds of pain, but I don't think I wish to share
them. And I don't want to gag you until it is absolutely necessary. So keep it
down, won't you, Miss Tully?"

      "I -- yes sir. I'll -- I'll try."

      "Good. Let's find out if you succeed. Like this!"

      "GHGHGHGHGHGHGHUNNNHHHAUUU!"

      "Straighten up, Miss Tully. Stand as you were. Up! Bend! Brace! Now!"

      "NNNEEEEEEENNNNOOOOO..."

      "Good. That's six. And as you have slid down to your knees you may as
well stay that way. Bent forward like that is just fine. Don't move. Four
across the back we said. One!"

      "Don't --"

      "Two!"

      "OHJESUSNOGODAHH!"

      "Three!"

      "Please wait god unnhh no wait please I can't Jesus hauggh --"

      "Four!"

      "YAAAAHHHH! CHRIST! OH JESUS! SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS."

      "And that's ten. Two more, Miss Tully. And you know where."

      "Please no. Please wait, I can't --"

      "It's that or be fired, Miss Tully. You made the bargain, you keep it. Or
--"

      "No. All right. Please just --"

      "Up, Miss Tully. I want you on my desk now. Lying across it, so your
breasts stand up for the ruler. Up now. Crying, yes, that's good. On your back.
Arms above your head. Do it, Miss Tully!"

      "Please --"

      "Don't move, don't lower your arms."

      "I'll scream."

      "All right. Gag yourself."

      "I -- with what --"

      "With your panties."

      "With my --"

      "Yes. Your own panties. Take them off."

      "But --"

      "Now."

      "You bastard."

      "I saw what you were doing, Miss Tully. Remember? Take them off."

      "All right. I'm doing it."

      "Ah. Excellent legs, Miss Tully. Fine fine legs. You can remove the
stockings also. You'll use one to tie the gag in your mouth."

      "You enjoy making me do this."

      "How right you are. Now the panties in your mouth. Stuff them in hard.
Now I'll tie this stocking around your head. Good. Now. Lie back. Arms back.
Such hard breating, Miss Tully. Makes that bosom a moving target. But I will
take my best aim -- and --"

      "NGNGNGNGGGNNMMMMNNNGHGHGHGGGGGG!"

      "God you bucked up off that desk like a wild bronco. And look at you now,
rolling on the floor. Rolling and twisting and thrashing like a cut worm. Oh
that hurts all right. God you look good down there. And to think there is still
one more to go on those tender round breasts of yours."

      "NN-NN! NN-NN! MMMPPHHH! MMPPHH!"

      "Oh? Really, Miss Tully? Anything? You'll do anything? Is that what
you're saying? If I don't finish the bargain? Right, Miss -- Ah nodding,
nodding your head so wildly. All right, show me, Miss Tully. On your knees.
Come on. Or take another one right across your nipples as hard as I can. No,
you don't want that. On your knees. Hands and knees, well that will do for now.
Crawl over here, Miss Tully. Crawl to me. Crawl. That's it. Oh, that's a
gorgeous sight. Here, Miss Tully. Big and hard from watching you twisting
around with your skirt up around your hips. I'll untie this and pull the gag
out. There. Now. You know what I want, don't you, Miss Tully. With that mouth.
That fine soft sexy crying mouth. And you're going to do it for me, aren't you,
Miss Tully?"

      "Yes, sir. Please. Yes. But don't --"

      "Shut up and do it. Now. That's it. Yes. That's right. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh
Jesus yes. Ah do that, Miss Tully, oh Christ that's good, lord that is
wonderful, keep it up, Miss Tully, don't stop. Oh you beautiful crying hurting
obedient cocksucker, you. Such a wonderful mouth. Such a slavish tongue. Oh
yes, you earn your salary, Miss Tully. Christ, you convince me not to finish
your bargain, you just kneel there and suck my dick for me you beautiful
cocksucking luscious slut whore cunt you. Make me shoot off in your mouth and
spurt gism down your throat and you are going to swallow it all, aren't you,
Miss Tully? I say aren't you, Miss Tully?"

      "Mmm-hmmm!"

      "Good. And then I am going to fuck you, Miss Tully. Oh yes, I'm going to
put you back up on my desk and push that skirt up over those curvy legs and rip
open that blouse and bra and slap your breasts until you spread your thighs
open for me, and I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, Miss Tully, and I'm
going to do that every damn day from now on. CRY. Swallow..."

                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *

       "You are one great cock sucker, Miss Tully."

      "Oh, damn you."

      "I beg your pardon?"

      "All right, I -- I'm sorry. And I suppose if I want to keep my job I'll
have to do this for you all the time? Is that it?"

      "Of course -- but not only that."

      "What?"

      "I may still fire you, Miss Tully. You haven't finished paying off our
bargain yet."

      "What? No! You said if I -- you said I could -- do what I did --"

      "Suck me off, Miss Tully. That's what you did. Say it."

      "Yes. Suck you off. And I did."

      "And very nicely too."

      "So you don't -- you won't --"

      "Ah, but I will. You as you pointed out before are not in a position to
bargain. You have one more stroke coming as part of your punishment. One very
hard touch of the ruler. Across your breasts again."

      "I can't. Please -- I --"

      "Now if you insist on whining and protesting, it will be delivered
without your clothing on. On your naked bosom. Is that what you want, Miss
Tully?"

      "No! God, please... it was so hard --"

      "And it will be again."

      "Oh, you're a -- a --"

      "If I were you, Miss Tully, I would not finish that sentence. Now. You
may take this final one standing. Go over against the door, facing me, and
reach up to hold onto that coathook. Go on. Arms high. Grasp the hook. Hold
onto it. Ah yes. Yes indeed. Look how that position brings out those fine full
round breasts of yours. How they thrust out against your blouse, almost asking
to be whipped. Why, Miss Tully, you're trembling. Frightened, are we? How
nice."

      "P-please. Please Mr. Daniels. I'll do anything. I'll suck you again. You
can -- you can do what you said you would --"

      "Fuck you, you mean, Miss Tully?"

      "Yes. You can fuck me. You can --"

      "But I know that. I can do that in any case. I can do anything I want to
you, to your body, to your mouth. Can't I? Tell me I can, Miss Tully. Tell me
that."

      "I -- you -- oh -- Christ --"

      "I'm waiting, Miss Tully."

      "I -- yes. Yes. You can. Yes. All right? Yes. You own me now. You can do
anything with me."

      "That's right, Miss Tully. Not hold on tightly to that hook and don't
move, because if you do I will give you two more. Understand?"

      "Yes. Oh god."

      "Now, Miss Tully. Here, Miss Tully. Take -- this!"


      "GHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEAAUUUOOOOOOHHHHHHHH
YEAHAHAHANOOOONNNGGGGG OHGODOOHGODNOOHNOAAUUUGGHHHH! Hunh Hunh Hunh
Huuunnnnnnhhhh..."

      "Damn, everyone in the office will have heard that, Miss Tully. Oh well.
Down on your knees again, eh? Oh -- on your belly now. God, I do love to watch
you squirm, Miss Tully. Those gorgeous legs thrashing and that body jerking and
bucking and twisting in agony. I want you, Miss Tully. I want you now. I want
to fuck you. Do you hear me, Miss Tully?"

      "Oh god it hurts oh dear Jesus I can't stand it oh god sweet Christ you I
please I please I'll I'll --"

      "You'll what, you sweet pain-filled cocksucking slut whore? You'll do
just as I say, that's what. On your back and spread your legs. Now! Roll onto
your back."

      "Ahh. Arrrghh. Unnnhh."

      "Yes. Now pull that damn skirt all the way up and spread for me. Open
those legs wide. Wide, you bitch! Wider! I want to see strain. More. Yes. All
right. Now, Miss Tully. Now!"

      "Aaggghhhh! Oh god!"

      "Yes! In you, Miss Tully. Taking you. Raping you. Fucking the shit out of
you. Fuck me back, Miss Tully. You hear me? Fuck me back or by god I'll twist
these aching breasts right off your body!"

      "AAARRRRGGGHHH! NO stop please stop no please oh god please no I will I
will look I am I'm doing it please I'll I'm doing it."

      "Harder. Fuck me like you love it, Miss Tully. Do it!"

      "I am I am please don't oh god I am."

      "Fucking you, raping you, and I'll fuck your ass too, Miss Tully. Will
you like that?"

      "Oh god anything please anything just don't --"

      "And when I'm finished with you, I'll turn you over to the staff here,
all those horny guys who are listening outside right now, waiting to hear you
scream again. Shall I make you scream again for them, Miss Tully?"

      "No no please no please --"

      "Will you be my office whore, Miss Tully? Will you be a toy for all of
us, will you fuck anybody who wants you, will you suck us all off whenever we
command you to? Will you go on your knees to any friend, any client, any
stranger who walks into this office? Will you? Say yes, Miss Tully. Say yes or
--"

      "Oh please please Mr. Daniels I'll please not that not that if you want
me but not -- NNNOOOOOO. All right! All right! ALL RIGHT! Yes! Yes! I will.
Yes. Yes. I will. I will, I'll do it, yes, I will, I'll do anything, yes, oh
god help me, please, I'll be a whore, I'll do anything anybody wants, I'll
crawl in the mud, I'll be a slave, oh Jesus oh god oh huh huh huh huh huh."

      "As soon as I stop raping you, Miss Tully, I want you to get on your
hands and knees and crawl out there naked, and I want you to say to all the
staff what you just said to me. Will you do that, Miss Tully?"

      "Mary Jesus Joseph help me oh Christ have mercy."

      "If not, I can always hang you up by your wrists stark naked in the
middle of the office so that anyone who wants to can whip you as you hang
there. Whip you and rape you and do whatever they want to you. Think about
that, Miss Tully. Think about it while I finish raping your fine tight scared
cunt. Think of it as I clamp your breasts as hard as I can. Don't stop fucking
me back, Miss Tully. Oh, don't stop that. I love your squirming body your
twisting hips your kicking legs your sobs of anguish your bucking and rolling
and writhing and jerking and I love your pain and your helplessness, Miss
Tully, and I am going to put my mark on you, girl. I am going to brand you with
this cigarette. So while you are hanging and kneeling and crawling and sucking
my mark will be on your body."

      "PLEASE HAAIIIII..."




                                NICK'S LUCKY DAY
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "All right, Jill. It's humiliation time. I'm going to show you off."

      "Barry --"

      "What."

      "I don't want to."

      "I know that. That's what makes it fun."

      "Barry, if I --"

      "Jill."

      "I'm sorry. All right. I'm sorry."

      "Sit down. Now. Who do you think is the most unattractive boy in this
school?"

      "Oh god -- Barry --"

      "Jill."

      "I'm sorry."

      "Truth, Jill. Only truth."

      "Yes, Barry."

      "Who is it?"

      "Nick Anastopalis."

      "All right. Call him."

      "I -- All right."

      "Tell him I'm inviting him to watch your humiliation."

      "Nick? It's Jill. Jill Darling. Barry is inviting you to watch my
humiliation. Right now. All right."

      "Good. Ah, Nick. Sit down. You know Jill, right?"

      "Sure."

      "You think Jill is good-looking? Sexy?"

      "Hell, yes."

      "Ah. But Jill doesn't think that of you, Nick. Jill thinks you're the
most unattractive boy in this school."

      "Well, shit."

      "And that's why I think you should watch Jill's humiliation. And be a
part of it. Wouldn't you like that, Nick?"

      "Damn Christ hell yes, I would. But what in the world --"

      "Ah. I'll explain. You see, Jill is mine. All mine. I own her. I control
her. She's my little Jill-toy, my plaything. Anything I say, Jill does.
Anything. Anything at all. Isn't that right, Jill?"

      "Yes, Barry."

      "Tell Nick."

      "Barry owns me. I'm his Jill-toy. Anything he wants, I do. Anything at
all."

      "Christ almighty!"

      "Now, Nick, I'm going to demonstrate that. Jill and I. Right, Jill?"

      "I -- if you say so, Barry."

      "Jill -- if I told you to go down on your knees, right now, and suck my
cock for me, what would you do?"

      "I -- I'd do it, Barry."

      "Christ!"

      "But watch this, Nick. Jill baby, if I told you to get down on the floor
on your knees, right now, and suck Nick's cock, what would you do?"

      "Barry --"

      "What, Jill?"

      "I -- I'd -- I'd do it, Barry."

      "How about that, Nick?"

      "Holy H. Jesus Christ! Damn!"

      "Would you enjoy doing that, Jill?"

      "No."

      "No? But you'd do it anyway, right?"

      "Yes."

      "Do it, Jesus, yes, do it!"

      "Not so fast, Nick. Let's start with something slower. Okay? A little
appetizer, you might say. Now Jill. Jill baby. If I told you to get down on
your hands and knees and crawl across the room for me, what would you do?"

      "I'd do it, Barry."

      "Why?"

      "Because you told me to, Barry."

      "Ah. And if I told you to put that sweet mouth down on the floor and lick
the dirt off it, until I tell you to stop, what would you do?"

      "I -- I'd do it."

      "All right, Jill. Show us."

      "What?"

      "Do it, Jill. Get down on all fours, like the fine little animal you are,
and crawl for us. And then lick the dirty floor as long as I want you to. Do
it, Jill. Now."

      "Barry --"

      "Jill."

      "All -- all right."

      "Jesus H. Christ, she -- she's doing it. She's crawling. Look at that! My
god! And she's -- she's doing it. She's licking the floor. Look at that tongue
licking the dirt, Christ! I can't stand it!"

      "All right, Jill. Stop now. Come back and sit down. Thank Nick for
watching you degrade yourself."

      "I -- Thank you, Nick."

      "For what?"

      "For watching me degrade myself."

      "Ask Nick if he wouldn't like to see more."

      "Barry --"

      "What?"

      "Barry pleaese --"

      "Jill."

      "I'm sorry. I'm sorry."

      "Ask him."

      "Nick, would you like to see more?"

      "Hell, yes! Christ, would I!"

      "Do you like Jill's body, Nick?"

      "Barry --"

      "Damn! Do I? What a body! What tits! What legs! Shit! Do I want it!"

      "Jill."

      "Yes, Barry."

      "Show him your breasts."

      "Oh. Barry. I. Please. I."

      "Jill."

      "Barry, please. Please. I can't --"

      "Jill."

      "Yes."

      "Have you ever had your breasts whipped?"

      "My -- my breasts?"

      "Yes. Your breasts. Those luscious round curving things that are pushing
your top out that way. Did you ever have them whipped?"

      "N-no."

      "I'd like to whip them, Jill."

      "Barry --"

      "I would. And if I want to I will. Isn't that right, Jill?"

      "Yes, Barry."

      "And I know Nick would love to watch it. I could do it right here. I
could tie you up so you couldn't move, and gag you so you couldn't scream and
lay you back across this table and whip and whip and whip your breasts until I
got tired, and then Nick could do it. Is that what you want, Jill?"

      "No, Barry. No."

      "Show Nick your tits."

      "I -- All right. All right."

      "She's -- oh shit, oh my Christ, no bra, oh fuck look at that! Ah,
fantastic! All bare, and Christ what nipples."

      "Don't cover them, Jill. Stay that way."

      "She's crying."

      "I know."

      "Jesus, she's crying. Can I touch them?"

      "Jill, Nick wants to feel your breasts. What do you say?"

      "Ask -- ask Barry."

      "That's a good girl. Do you want Nick to touch them?"

      "No."

      "Then tell him he can."

      "You -- you can touch them, Nick."

      "Damn, that's good. Ah shit, that's so nice. I -- I want to squeeze them.
Damn, I want to crush these gorgeous things as hard as I can."

      "Do it."

      "No, Barry, no, please, please, don't let him, please. AARRGHHH! AARGH."

      "That's enough, Nick. You can hurt Jill more later."

      "Can I?"

      "Yes."

      "Can I fuck her?"

      "Jill?"

      "Barry, I'll do anything. I'll do anything you say."

      "You will anyway, Jill. Won't you?"

      "Yes, Barry."

      "So if I tell Nick that he can hurt you, he can hurt you. Isn't that
right, Jill?"

      "Yes, Barry."

      "Tell him that."

      "If -- if Barry says you can hurt me, you can hurt me."

      "And if I say he can fuck you?"

      "If Barry says you can fuck me, you can fuck me."

      "Jill, pull your skirt up. Pull it up so Nick can see your legs. All the
way up. That's it. Higher. Higher. Show him your thighs. Don't you admire
Jill's thighs, Nick? So curvy, so smooth and shapely. I want to whip them. Look
how she's shaking. And crying. It's marvellous when Jill sucks my cock while
she's crying. Licking and sucking and crying. It makes me spurt right down that
crying throat. And Jill swallows it all and never stops crying."

      "Make her do it for me. Please."

      "I will."

      "Barry --"

      "I will. But I want to whip her first."

      "Barry, no. I'm sorry, please don't, please, I'll please oh god have
mercy."

      "Jill. Strip naked."

      "Christ! No pants!"

      "How do you like that body?"

      "Fantastic! I want it, I must have it."

      "Jill. Across the table."

      "Barry."

      "Do you want to lie on your back as I whip you?"

      "No!"

      "Do it. Lie on your front and I'll whip your back."

      "Christ have mercy."

      "Hold her hands, Nick. And if you want to stick your cock in her mouth
while I'm whipping her, do it. Jill will suck it for you. She'll lick it and
kiss it and suck it beautifully, and it will act as a good gag. You won't mind
that she's screaming and howling and sobbing as she sucks you, will you, Nick?"

      "Not a bit."

      "Then it'll be your turn with the whip."

      "Her breasts?"

      "If you want that."

      "No! Barry no, I --"

      "Give him your hands, Jill."

      "Oh dear sweet Jesus."

      "Do it. That's right. Hold her tight, Nick. And watch."

      "Barry please please HAUUUGGHHH! ARR! NOOOOEEEEEAAAAAIIIIIIIIII!! Barry
wait no please don't AAUUUGGGHH! NOO! Jesus god no I can't don't listen please
Barry I'll I'll OH SWEET JESUS DEAR LORD HAVE PITY HOOOAAAARGGH!"

      "Suck me, Jill."

      "Suck him, Jill."

      "Nnnnghh-nnngghh. GG. UGHHH. HOAAA."

      "Turn over, Jill."

      "No -- please."

      "Jill. Turn over."

      "All right."

      "Hold her hands tight."

      "Christ, how her breasts stand up for the whip."

      "Hit that nipple."

      "Like -- this!"

      "I can't scream any more I can't I can't cry I can't talk I'll do
anything Nick fuck me rape my cunt ravish my body I belong to you I'll crawl
I'll drink your piss I'll go down on my knees to you in front of the whole
school I'll suck your shit."

      "Fuck her."

      "Look at me, Jill, look in my eyes. I want to watch your eyes as I fuck
you, you hate this but I'm raping you watch me raping you."

      "I hate you you bastard I'm coming I hate this hate this I'm going to
come fuck me rape me I'll lick dirt I'll lick shit I'll do it I'll do it I'll
do it I..."




                                      NORA
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Do you remember what you said to me last month, Nora? When I said I
found you attractive? Do you recall that?'

      "Yes. I recall that."

      "What was it you said then, Nora? Tell me. Tell me just exactly what you
said. I want to hear it."

      "I said -- I think I said that I didn't find you --"

      "No, Nora. That wasn't exactly what you said. Tell me exactly. I'm sure
you remember the words. Say it again, Nora. All of it. Go on."

      "All right. I said I thought you were disgusting."

      "And?"

      "And I said I -- I wouldn't let you touch me if you were the last man on
earth."

      "Yes. And?"

      "And I said I -- I would kill you if you so much as looked at me
suggestively."

      "That's right. That's just what you said. And now, Nora? Now you appear
to have changed your mind."

      "I am -- I am no longer in a position to object to you --"

      "No. That's right, Nora. You are no longer in a position to object. Or to
insult me. Or to do anything about anything I may do to you. Isn't that right?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes. And in fact, you are in such a position that your lack of
objection, your lack of opposition, indeed even your cooperation, in my looking
at you, or my touching you, or my doing anything and everything I want to you
-- is the only thing that will allow you to go on living. Isn't that right,
Nora? Isn't it?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes, that is right. Yes. And so you are going to let me look at you,
Nora. Look at you all I want. Aren't you?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes. And you are going to let me touch you too. All I want. Disgusting
as I am. Aren't you, Nora?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes. And you are going to let me do with you what I want. With your
body. Anything I want. As long as I want. Any way I want. Isn't that right,
Nora?"

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "Yes, that's right."

      "Say it, Nora."

      "I am going to let you do anything you want."

      "With your body."

      "With my body."

      "And what are you going to do about it?"

      "Nothing. I can't do anything."

      "I'm going to fuck you, Nora. You know that, don't you?"

      "You bastard."

      "Don't you, Nora?"

      "Yes. I know that."

      "And you're going to suck my cock. Aren't you, Nora?"

      "Oh god. You filth. You scum."

      "Say it, Nora. I want to hear you say it. Say it for me."

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes, I -- I'm going to -- suck your cock."

      "That is something I am anxious to watch, Nora. This fine proud
aristocratic snobbish autocratic blonde lady who said I was disgusting, who
said I would never so much as touch her, on her knees in front of me, stark
naked, crying, with my cock all the way inside her fine soft mouth and her
tongue licking at it as that fine blonde aristocratic head bobs up and down as
you suck that prick, slowly and lovingly, until I --"

      "Stop. Oh god you bastard filthy scum, I --"

      "You what, Nora? You what, Nora darling? What? Tell me."

      "I -- nothing. Nothing."

      "Nora. Repeat after me. I am going to suck your cock."

      "Please. I -- I did --"

      "Say it again, Nora."

      "I am going to suck your cock."

      "Say, I am a filthy cocksucking whore."

      "Please. Oh dear Jesus, please, for god's sake --"

      "Say it, Nora. Say it."

      "I -- I am a filthy -- cocksucking -- whore."

      "Crying already? I like that. I like seeing you cry, Nora. Cry all you
want. Now come here, Nora. Come right here to me. That's it. That's right.
Stand right here. Now, Nora. Do you know what I'm going to do now? I am going
to put my hand s on your breasts. Yes, Nora. I am going to take these hands,
that you said would never so much as touch you, and I am going to put them on
your fine high round luscious breasts. And I am going to feel them. All I want.
And you are going to stand still for it, Nora. Do you understand? You are going
to stand perfectly still and let me play with your breasts. Aren't you, Nora
darling?"

      "Y-yes."

      "And then, Nora, I'm going to squeeze them for a while. I'm going to
close my hands around them and I'm going to clamp my fingers into your flesh
and I'm going to squeeze them as hard as I can. That's going to hurt, Nora.
It's going to hurt a lot. But you are not going to do anything, Nora. You'll
just stand here and take it. I don't want you to raise your hands. I want you
to keep your hands down at your sides. I don't care how much it hurts. Is that
clear, Nora?"

      "I -- please -- I --"

      "Is it?"

      "Yes."

      "And I don't want you to scream, Nora. No matter how much pain you are
in. No screaming. Oh, you will want to scream. I can assure you of that. But I
don't want you to. Is that clear too, Nora?"

      "Please -- please I'll do what you want, you don't have to hurt me."

      "Oh, but I do, Nora darling. Most certainly I do. Because I want to hurt
you. I want to see you in pain. I want to watch that gorgeous body writhing and
twisting and squirming in agony. That will give me such pleasure. I am going to
hurt you a great deal. Did you think I would be satisfied with possessing that
body, however thoroughly I will do that? Did you think I would not want to make
you suffer for your humiliation of me?"

      "You are a monster."

      "Oh, you will suffer, Nora. You will feel pain such as you never felt
before. And as for humiliation, if you think I am humiliating you now, you just
wait, Nora baby. You just wait."

      "Please. No others. Please. Anything but that. Please. Nobody else.
Please. I'll --"

      "Shut up, Nora. Do you think I won't pass you around when I'm tired of
you?"

      "Oh no. Please no."

      "Do you think I don't want to watch you crawling naked from man to man,
sucking cock and fucking two guys at once and rolling around like a dog for
anybody who wants you?"

      "I'll do anything, I'll give you anything, don't make me, don't do that
to me, I'll --"

      "Tell me you're a whore."

      "I'm a whore."

      "Tell me you're my slave."

      "I'm your slave."

      "Ask me to put my hands on your breasts."

      "Oh."

      "Ask me, Nora. Ask me to put my hands on your breasts. Say please. Ask
me."

      "Oh dear god in heaven. Please -- p-please -- p-put your hands on my
breasts."

      "All right, Nora. Stand still now. Now. Ah. Ah yes. Ahhh that's good.
Mmmm. That is so good, Nora. Touching these breasts. Feeling them. Fondling and
squeezing them. And Nora crying. Oh, cry for me, Nora darling. As I mold your
soft firm breasts with my hands. Your nipples are stiff, Nora. With fright, I
know. Not with passion. But that's all right. I like your fright. I like your
terror. I like your disgust and humiliation and I love being able to degrade
you like this. Degrade you and debase you and violate your body and your mind
and your soul. I'm going to squeeze your breasts now, Nora. Like this. Like
this. Like -- this. No. Don't scream. No screams, I said. You can moan, you can
whimper, and cry with pain, yes, I like that, that's beautiful, darling. But
no, hold that scream down, that's it. No, hands down, Nora. Put your hands
down. Down, I said. That's it. All the way down. All the way. That's right.
That's a good girl. Just stay that way. Oh I love your twisting and writhing.
Yes, it hurts, doesn't it, Nora? Oh, it hurts so much. Tell me how much it
hurts, Nora."

      "Oh god stop please stop please please stop I can't please please I'll do
anything please stop please please please I'm begging anything please."

      "Pull up your skirt, Nora. Pull it up for me. All the way up. If you want
me to stop, pull that skirt high. Show me your legs. All of those gorgeous
curvy fabulous legs. Show me your thighs. That's it. All the way, Nora. Up
around your waist. Yes. Hold it that way. What fantastic legs. I can't wait to
feel them clamping around my body. With my prick jamming into your cunt, Nora.
Fucking the shit out of you. Raping that proud beautiful helpless naked body.
Tell me you want that, Nora. Tell me if you want me to stop. Tell me."

      "Aaaaahhhhh yes please god jesus no please yes I want it I want it I do I
want you to fuck me I want to fuck you I want my legs around you please stop
please anything I want to crawl for you and suck you yes I will I'll suck your
cock and I'll crawl and I'll scream for you stop please."

      "Kiss me, Nora. Kiss me on the mouth. Open your mouth and kiss me hard
and put your tongue in my mouth. That's a good hurting girl. Now ask me to
strip you."

      "Please strip me please do it do anything you want strip my clothes off
and make me naked for you."

      "And for my pals, Nora."

      "No. Aaaahhhhh all right all right I will bastard filth bastard yes all
right I will give me to your pals I'll crawl for all of you I'll suck all of
you I'll roll over and fuck you all and I'll be your slave slut whore
cocksucker please."

      "Ask me to suck my cock."

      "Please let me suck your cock I'll beg you on my knees I'll crawl for you
and I'll kiss your cock and I'll lick it and I'll suck you and I'll swallow it
for you please."

      "Light me a cigarette, Nora."

      "Dear sweet Jesus."

      "Do it."

      "All right."

      "Now take your blouse of for me. And that bra. Do it."

      "I'm doing it."

      "Ask me."

      "Do I have to do that?"

      "What do you think?"

      "Please burn me."

      "Again."

      "Please burn my body. Do it all you want. Make me scream for you."

      "And then?"

      "Fuck me. Rape my body. Do it all. Fuck my cunt and fuck my mouth and
fuck my ass. Call your friends in and make me crawl and have them pin me down
so I can't move and fuck my body and rape my mouth and piss on me and shit on
me and I will fuck them all and I will fuck the dog and I will be your filthy
degraded slut slave."

      "I'm going to hit you now."

      "Hit me."

      "Ask me to do it again."

      "Hit me again."

      "Again."

      "Again."

      "Again."

      "Again."

      "Crawl to me and suck my cock and cry Nora cry Nora my darling..."

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                   PERSUASION
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "You don't have to tell the cops, Justin. You don't have to tell
anybody."

      "What do you mean?"

      "I mean just forget about it all, okay?"

      "Why should I?"

      "You won't be sorry, Justin."

      "What?"

      "I said you won't be sorry. I'll make it worth your while."

      "You will?"

      "I will."

      "How?"

      "You know how."

      "Look, I --"

      "What, Justin? Don't you like me?"

      "I do. But --"

      "Don't you want me?"

      "Wait --"

      "Don't you, Justin?"

      "I -- yes. But."

      "No, no buts. No ifs, ands or buts. You do. You want me. And you can have
me, Justin."

      "What are you saying?"

      "You know exactly what I'm saying. I don't want you to call any cops,
okay? That's not hard to understand. And I'm willing to trade for that. Okay?
What I have to trade. My body."

      "You --"

      "What? You like my body, don't you, Justin?"

      "You bitch."

      "I may be a bitch but you like my body. I know that. You like to look at
it all the time. Right?"

      "Yes."

      "That's right. And you want it, right? You want my body?"

      "Yes."

      "Well, you can have it, Justin. It's yours, okay? Right now. Any way you
want it."

      "No."

      "What?"

      "No."

      "You don't mean that, Justin. I know you want this body. I'll give myself
to you, Justin. Any way at all."

      "I can't do that."

      "Why not? You don't want me to go to jail, do you? I won't ge any good to
you in jail. But this way I'll be yours, Justin. Listen. Not just now. Any
time. Okay? Any time you want me, Justin, I'll do it for you. Any time you say,
anything you want. Think about that. Think about it. I'll be yours, I'll belong
to you, this body will be all yours."

      "Christ, but you're a bitch."

      "Justin, I'll be so good to you. I promise you. Do you want to look at
me? Right now? Do you? I'll strip for you, Justin. I'll stand here right now
and take all my clothes off. Would you like that? Think of how I'll look
naked."

      "Damn it, no!"

      "Or would you rather strip me yourself?"

      "Stop this."

      "Think about it, Justin. Think about taking me. Think about lying on top
of me, all naked, and being inside my body and doing it to me. All you want."

      "I'm calling the cops."

      "Justin -- wait. Please. What do you want? Anything you want. Do you want
my mouth? I'm so good with my mouth. You just can't imagine what I can do with
it. It's yours, Justin. I'll use it on you as much as you want. I'll be
fantastic. Fabulous. I'll suck you for hours, Justin. Hours. I'll make you
scream with pleasure, Justin, I guarantee it. All you want. Any time you say.
I'll do anything for you, Justin. I swear it. Anything."

      "Anything?"

      "Anything. Anything at all. What do you want?"

      "Bitch. You're such a bitch. Aren't you?"

      "I --"

      "Tell me."

      "Yes. I'm a bitch, Justin."

      "Bitch."

      "Oh. I -- oh. I think I --"

      "I'm calling the cops."

      "No. No, wait. Wait, Justin. I know what you want. I know what you'd like
to do. You want to hurt me."

      "No."

      "Yes. You'd like that."

      "I'm calling --"

      "Wait. Please, Justin, please wait. Listen. Okay? Just listen. You can do
it, Justin. You can hurt me."

      "I --"

      "Yes. Yes. Think about it. You can do anything to me."

      "I --"

      "Anything. Think of it. Hurting me. Hurting my body. That turns you on,
doesn't it, Justin? Would you like to hurt me, Justin? Would you?"

      "I -- I don't think --"

      "Hurting me. You can, Justin. You can. Look at this body. Okay? Think how
it would feel to hurt it. Would you like to whip it, Justin? You can. I don't
want to go to prison, Justin. I'll let you do anything to me. Think what you
can do. Think about tying me down so I can't move, can't do anything. And
whipping me. Whipping me hard. So hard. Until I scream. I'll scream for you,
Justin. You can make me scream all you want. Scream and cry and howl. Think
about that. Think about how I'll look, all naked and stretched out for you,
squirming and writhing and twisting for you while you whip my body until you
can't do it any more."

      "Oh Christ, you filty bitch, oh Jesus."

      "That gets you hot, right, Justin? Do it. Do it to me right now. I'll do
anything. Shall I strip for you? Or do you want to rip my clothing off me? Tie
me up and rip it all off?"

      "Filthy dirty bitch."

      "Yes. I'm a filthy dirty bitch. You can be angry at me all you want.
Would you like to hit me? All right. Anything. I'm yours, Justin. Hit me if you
want to. Go on. Hit me! Knock me down. Think about how I'd look, down on the
floor, crouching there, gasping, groaning. Will you make me crawl? Do you want
me to crawl for you? I will. I will, I will, I'll crawl for you on my hands and
knees, I'll crawl on my stomach if you want. I'll crawl as much as you like.
I'll strip for you as I crawl, if that's what you want."

      "I want -- I want it."

      "Yes. Think about it all, Justin. Anything you want. Think about whipping
me as I suck you. Oh yes. Think about how that whip will sound on my skin, and
how I'll scream with your cock in my mouth. I'll scream and scream, and you'll
shoot it in my mouth and make me swallow it, and I will, I will, Justin, I'll
swallow it all, screaming and crying and choking on it, but I'll swallow it
all."

      "What about --"

      "What? Oh. Your cigarettes. All right. All right, Justin. You'll have to
tie me down real tight, so I can't squirm away. Think about how I'll hurt. I
may not be able to stand it, but I won't have any choice, will I? Think about
it. About burning me. Burning my skin. Burning my thighs. High up on my thighs.
And burning my breasts. Yes. My nipples. I'll scream for you then, all right.
I'll twist and squirm and thrash and probably beg you to stop. Please, I'll
cry, please don't, Justin, please stop, no more, please please -- But you'll
just grin at me and do it again. Again and again. And then you'll do it to me,
without untying me or anything, just get on top of my pain-filled body and do
it hard. I'll be in such agony, Justin. Think about that. Taking my aching,
hurting, writhing body. That's what you want, isn't it, Justin? You can do it.
Do it all. Any time. All right?"

      "I don't know."

      "Why? God, why?"

      "Sit down."

      "All right. Oh. Oh yes. All right. Tie me. It's tight. It's so tight. I
can't move this way. Hands so tight in back of the chair. My legs against the
rungs. I can't do a thing. all right? What now, Justin. No. Don't call. Look at
me. All helpless. All yours, Justin. Touch me. Go on. Yes. Touch me. Anyplace.
Now. What do you want to do?"

      "I should just turn you in."

      "I know that, you know that. But you don't want to. Why should you, when
you have me this way?"

      "You are one damn witch."

      "Justin. Strip me. Come on. Rip this blouse off. Rip it. You can hurt me
right now, right here. Or take me. Think about taking my tied up body,
wriggling against you, squirming, kicking, while you rape me, Justin. Rape me.
I'll scream for you. Think about it. Look at my legs, Justin. I have good legs.
You want to see more of them? Push my skirt up. You can. I can't stop you. All
the way up. Or rip it off. Look at those long, pretty legs. I know you'd like
to hurt them. Think how you can make them kick in pain. Think of having them
curled around your body as I thrash in agony."

      "I'm calling."

      "No."

      "Not cops."

      "Who?"

      "Al."

      "Al? Why?"

      "To show you to him."

      "No."

      "Al or the cops. Which?"

      "Justin --"

      "Al or the cops. Which."

      "Al. Al will love it, won't he?"

      "Yes."

      "Show me to him. Do it. Let Al in on it. Right? I'll do it all for him
too. I'll crawl and I'll suck and I'll scream for Al. Al will hurt me. Al will
just adore hurting me. You can strip me for him. You'll both whip me. I'll be
yours always, crawling for you always. Screaming and sucking and twisting. Call
him."

      "Kiss me. Kiss my mouth."

      "I'm your slave sister..."




                                     PIGGY
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "She'll do anything you want," I said. "Won't you, Jo."

      "Oh god, don't," Jo said. "Don't do this to me."

      "Tell him," I said.

      "Please, god, please."

      "Tell him, whore. Tell him, little piggy."

      "Christ," Brad said.

      "I told you," I said.

      "But she's gorgeous. She's fucking luscious."

      "I know," I said. "Hear that, piggy? Say thank you."

      "Oh dear god please please don't dear god..."

      "You whore. Stupid little whore. Isn't that what you are? Say it."

      "Thank you," Jo said.

      "Say you're a whore."

      "I'm..."

      "Go on, piggy."

      "I'm a whore."

      "You'll do what we want."

      "I'll..."

      "Say it, piggy."

      "I'll do what you want."

      "You can't help it, can you, piggy."

      "No."

      "Say it."

      "I can't help it."

      "What do you want her to do, Brad," I said.

      "Christ," Brad said.

      "You want her to take her clothes off?"

      "Christ."

      "You ask him, whore," I said to Jo.

      "I can't," Jo said.

      "Oh yes you can. You know you can. You know you will. Isn't that right,
piggy?"

      "Damn you."

      "What?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes. I will."

      "You will what?"

      "Ask him."

      "Ask him what, piggy?"

      "If he wants me to... do it."

      "Do what, whore?"

      "Take my clothes off."

      "All right. Ask him."

      "Do you..."

      "His name is Brad," I said.

      "Brad," Jo said. "Do you want me to..."

      "Stop crying," I said.

      "I can't."

      I took hold of her hair. It was dark and short. I pulled her head back
hard. "Can you now," I said.

      "Yes. I'm sorry."

      "Do it."

      "All right."

      "Now ask him."

      "Do you..."

      "His name."

      "Brad... Do you want me to... take my clothes off."

      "Jesus Christ,"Brad said.

      "Little whore," I said.

      "Will she do anything?" Brad said.

      "Shit," I said. "What do you need, a notary? You got one. Jo is a notary,
aren't you, piggy."

      "Yes."

      "Damn."

      "Yes, our Jo is a very smart piggy. Very educated. A college graduate. A
fucking brain. Isn't that right, whore?"

      "Yes."

      "But it doesn't do her a damn bit of good when I'm around, does it,
piggy?"

      "No."

      "No. Right. Because with me you're just shit. All your brains go for
nothing but shit. Isn't that right, whore?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what."

      "Yes, that's right."

      "Say it."

      "All my brains go for nothing but shit with you."

      "So yes, Brad, you idiot, she will do anything. What do you want? You
want her to suck your cock? Is that it? You want this gorgeous little piggy go
go down on her knees and put your prick in her smart educated little mouth and
suck you off until you come down her throat? Yes, she will do that for you.
Won't you, whore?"

      "Stop... for gods' sake... stop..."

      "Won't you, whore?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what."

      "Yes I will. Yes. I will do that. Do you want me to say it?"

      "You know I do. You know that already. Don't you?"

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "That's not what I want," Brad said.

      "What?"

      "I mean, Christ, yes, I do, but... but not right away. Okay?"

      "We got all the time in the world. Don't we, piggy. You're not going
away, right? You'll stay here as long as I want you to. Won't you. As long as
it takes. For you to do everything Brad wants. And everything I want. And for
us to do anything we want to you. As much as we want to. You'll stay and take
it all, and do it all, and you'll love it. All. Isn't that right, Jo? Isn't
that right, whore? Isn't that right, little piggy?"

      "God."

      "Stop crying."

      "I can't."

      "Can you now?" I said.

      Jo was moaning softly. I was causing that.

      "Can you?" I said.

      "Yes," Jo said. "I'm sorry," Jo said. "Please don't," Jo said. "I'll
stop."

      "Good," I said.

      "Oh mama," Brad said.

      "So what is it you want her to do first?"

      "I want her to..."

      "Spit it out, for god's sake."

      "I want her to kiss me," Brad said.

      "That's it?"

      "To start. You know. I mean I want that mouth, okay? I mean I want her
kissing me. Jesus..."

      "All right. All right, fine. That's what you want, that's what you get.
Isn't that right, piggy?"

      "Yes..." Jo said.

      "Go to him, whore. And kiss him. You understand? Kiss him like he's never
been kissed in his life. In fact, kiss him like nobody's ever been kissed
before. I want it to be the greatest fucking kiss in history. I want you to put
everything you have into it. You understand, whore? I want him to fucking come
from this kiss. You got that? Piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes. I got that. Yes."

      "Do it."

      Jo did it.

      Brad came.

      It was only the beginning.

                                       *

      I met her at a party. A formal affair. She was wearing a strapless gown.
Short black hair. Luscious body. Laughing. An ambassador's wife. A lot of
dignity at this party.

      "This is my wife, Jo."

      "How do you do."

      A lot of dignity.

      "I want to fuck you," I said.

      Nobody was too close to us.

      Astonishment and shock. Staring.

      "What?!"

      "I want to fuck you. Right now."

      "Are you -- you can't talk to me that way!"

      "I just did. We'll go upstairs."

      "You must be crazy. Goodbye."

      "Don't go."

      "Why not?"

      "You don't want to."

      "I don't?"

      "No."

      "What do you think I am?"

      "I think you're a whore," I said.

      Staring at me. Unbelieving. "What?"

      "I think you're a whore. Isn't that right?"

      Staring.

      "Inside," I said. "All the way inside. Nobody knows. Your husband doesn't
know. Your friends don't know. But I know."

      "You... you can't..."

      "I can. I will. I want to fuck you now. Upstairs."

      "I... my husband... I'm not unfaithful... never..."

      "Until now," I said. "Whore."

      "Don't..."

      I put my hand out to touch her face. She pulled back, looking around. I
touched her face. Stroking it.

      "Whore," I said.

      "No." Panting.

      "Upstairs," I said. "Now."

      "I can't..."

      "I'd like you to crawl up the stairs," I said.

      "Oh."

      "Crawling on your hands and knees like an animal."

      "Oh don't..."

      "But you can't do that now. So just walk."

      "Please," she said.

      "Go," I said. "Upstairs. Find a room. I'll follow you."

      "Why?" Panting. "Oh god why?"

      "Because you're a whore," I said.

      "No."

      "Yes."

      "Oh no."

      "You know it."

      "No."

      "I know it."

      "God."

      "Say it."

      "Oh god."

      "Say it."

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "I'm a whore."

      "Yes. Go upstairs."

      "My husband..."

      "Fuck him."

      "Oh."

      "But first you'll fuck me."

      "Oh."

      "Go."

      She went.

      Upstairs she stood against a wall. I went to her.

      "I don't know why I'm doing this," Jo said.

      I put my hand on her face.

      "You can't help it," I said.

      "Oh dear god..."

      I stroked her face.

      "Don't hurt me," she said.

      I stroked her body.

      She was panting.

      "Show me your tits," I said.

      "You bastard," she said.

      I squeezed her breast hard.

      A sharp hiss. Up on her toes.

      "Don't, don't, oh god..."

      "Be a good little whore," I said.

      "Oh god... you're an animal..."

      "So are you. Get down."

      "What?"

      "Down. On all fours. Now."

      "But --"

      I slapped her.

      She got down.

      "Now you're an animal," I said. "Aren't you?"

      "Yes," Jo said.

      "Say it."

      "I'm an animal."

      "A dog. No. A pig. That's what you are. A little pig. Say it."

      "Please..."

      "Say it."

      "I'm a pig."

      "Crawl for me, piggy."

      "Oh."

      "Do it."

      She did it.

      Crawling.

      "Little piggy," I said. "Say oink."

      "Please... god..."

      "Say oink, piggy."

      "I..."

      "Say it."

      "Oink," she said.

      "Say it again."

      "Oink."

      "Again."

      "Oink."

      "Go on saying it. Don't stop."

      "Oink," Jo said. "Oink. Oink. Oink." She was crying. "Oink."

      "Stop crying."

      "I can't."

      I reached down and took hold of her hair and pulled her head back until
it couldn't go any further. Jo was gasping and moaning.

      "Stop crying."

      "All right. All right."

      "Say oink."

      "Oink," she said. "Oink."

      "Stand up."

      She stood up. She was shaking.

      She was mine.

      "You'll do what I say," I said. "Won't you, piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "Always."

      "Yes."

      "Anything I say. Anything I want."

      "Yes."

      "Any time, any place."

      "Yes."

      "Show me your tits."

      Shaking. Not looking at me. Moaning. Jo unzipped her gown and took down
the top of it. The bra was built into the gown. Her breasts were bare.

      The nipples stood out stiffly.

      "Filthy whore," I said.

      "Yes," Jo said.

      "I'm going to fuck you."

      "I know."

      "You want it."

      "Please..."

      "Say it."

      "I want it."

      "You want what?"

      "I want you to fuck me."

      "Take it all off."

      She took it all off.

      "Your body is for fucking."

      "Yes."

      "It's mine."

      "It's yours."

      "Where do you want me to fuck you?"

      "What?"

      "Stupid whore."

      "Please."

      "The answer is, anyplace you want," I said. "Say that."

      "Anyplace you want."

      "You don't think I'm going to just fuck your cunt, do you?"

      "Oh god..."

      "I'll fuck your ass."

      "Oh..."

      "Say it."

      "You'll fuck my ass."

      "I'll fuck your mouth."

      "You'll fuck my mouth."

      "I'll do what I want to you."

      "You'll do what you want to me."

      "And you'll love it."

      "And I'll..."

      "Say it."

      "I'll love it."

      "Say oink."

      "Oink."

      "Again."

      "Oink."

      "Again."

      "Oink. Oink. Oh god... oink..."

                                       *

      "You never fucked your husband like that," I said. "Did you?"

      "No."

      "You will tonight."

      "What?"

      "I want you to fuck your husband tonight just the way you fucked me just
now."

      "Oh god... please..."

      "And then I want you to suck his cock for at least half an hour, and
swallow his gism down your sweet piggy throat."

      "I can't... please, I can't..."

      "Why not?"

      "My husband... oh god..."

      "You do what I say. Right?"

      "I..."

      "Jo," I said. And I did something to her.

      "Oh Christ!" she said.

      "Again?"

      "No. No. No..."

      "I'll try again. You do what I say. Right?"

      "Yes. Oh yes. Yes."

      "Anything. Always."

      "Yes."

      "Tell me what you'll do with your husband tonight."

      "I'll fuck him." She was crying.

      "How?"

      "Just like I fucked you."

      "And?"

      "And I'll suck his cock for at least half an hour."

      "Do I have to prompt you again?"

      "NO. Please. I'm sorry. And... I'll swallow all his gism. Down my
throat."

      "Piggy."

      "What?"

      "Lick my ass."

      "Oh."

      "That will make me hard again, and when I am hard again I'm going to fuck
your face. Again."

      "Oh."

      "You'll like that, won't you, piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "That's a good piggy. That's a good little whore. Deeper, whore.

      "That's the girl."

                                       *

      A knocking at the door.

      "Oh god," Jo said.

      "Don't stop," I said. "Just go on doing what you're doing."

      "But --"

      "Now."

      Jo continued doing it.

      "Who is it?" I said.

      "Excuse me... it's Philip Dunstan. I'm looking for my wife. Have you seen
her at all?"

      "Oh god," Jo said.

      "I told you not to stop." I twisted her hair and put her gasping mouth
back where it had been. "She's busy," I said to the door.

      "What?"

      Jo was moaning softly.

      "I said your wife is busy. She'll be down soon."

      "I don't -- what is she doing?"

      "Sucking my cock," I said.

      Jo made a wild gasping sound. I kept her from moving.

      "I -- what did you say?"

      "Go away."

      A rattling sound. The doorknob. "Let me in!"

      "It's locked," I said. "Go away. Jo is busy."

      "Jo! Jo! Are you in there?"

      Jo was sobbing.

      "Tell him to go away," I said.

      "Oh god... oh my god..."

      "Jo??"

      "Tell him."

      "Philip..."

      "Jo?"

      "Go -- go away," Jo said.

      "Jo, what are you --"

      "Philip, for god's sake..."

      "What's going on? Jo? What are you doing?"

      "Tell him," I said.

      "What??"

      "Tell him what you're doing."

      "No."

      "Do it."

      "No. Please."

      "Jo."

      "I can't... for god's..."

      "Do it."

      "JO!!!"

      "Philip, I -- I'm busy... please..."

      "Let me in! I'm coming in!"

      Rattling and banging.

      "Tell him," I said.

      "Philip..."

      "What?"

      "Oh god," Jo said. "You bastard."

      "Tell him."

      "Who is in there with you? Jo?"

      "A man," Jo said.

      "What?"

      "A man, Philip." She begged me with her eyes. I twisted her hair. "I'm in
here with a man," she said.

      "What -- what are you doing?"

      "What an idiot," I said. "Tell him."

      "You are ruining my life," Jo said.

      "That's right. Tell him."

      "I'm -- sucking his cock," Jo said.

      "Now do it," I said.

      Jo did it.

      "Jo!!! My god... what..."

      Jo was sobbing as she sucked me.

      "Tell him you fucked me like a jackrabbit," I said.

      "You filthy bastard."

      "Tell him."

      "I fucked him like a jackrabbit," Jo said.

      Silence.

      "Tell him you're a whore."

      "I'm a whore."

      "Tell him you're a pig."

      "I'm a pig."

      "Say oink."

      "Oink."

      "Louder."

      "Oink!"

      "Ask him if he still wants to come in now."

      "Don't..."

      "Jo."

      "Yes."

      "I own you now."

      "I know."

      "There's nothing you can do about it."

      "I know."

      "It's your own fault."

      "Yes."

      "You can stop it if you want."

      Jo said nothing.

      "But you won't."

      Nothing.

      "Will you?"

      "No."

      "Because you need it."

      "Oh god."

      "You hate it but you need it."

      "Yes."

      "Even if it ruins your life."

      "Yes."

      "So you do what I say."

      "Yes."

      "Anything I say."

      "Yes."

      "I don't have to hurt you."

      "No."

      "But sometimes I want to hurt you."

      "I know."

      "And you want that too."

      "No."

      "Yes."

      "No."

      "Yes."

      "Oh dear god..."

      "Say it."

      "Yes. I do. Yes."

      "Ask me to hurt you."

      "Oh..."

      "Ask me. Say please."

      "Please."

      "Please what?"

      "Please hurt me."

      "All right." I hurt her.

      She made a loud sound.

      "Jo???" From outside.

      "Now," I said. "Ask him if he still wants to come in."

      "Ph-Philip?"

      "What?"

      "Do you... still want to... to come in?"

      "I -- I --"

      "Tell him he can go away and you will fuck him and suck him tonight to
within an inch of his life."

      Jo said, "Philip, if you go away... I will fuck you and suck you tonight
to within an inch of your life."

      "Jo..."

      "Or he can come in now and punish you for your sins," I said.

      "What?"

      "Tell him."

      "P-punish me..."

      "Tell him."

      "Or... or you can come in and... and punish me," Jo said.

      "For your sins."

      "For my sins."

      "Jo..." Philip said.

      "Oh god."

      "Do you want to punish her, Philip?" I said.

      "Christ!" Philip said. "I don't -- I --"

      "Shit. Go away, Philip. Your wife and I have a lot more fucking to do."

      "Jo... Jo..."

      "I'm sorry, Philip," Jo said, crying. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't help
it, I'm a whore, I'm sorry..."

      "Stop crying and suck," I said. Loudly.

      Philip said nothing.

      "Your wife is a great cocksucker, Philip," I said. "You probably don't
know that. Jo's mouth is fabulous. She's a terrific fuck too. And she's such a
whore. A little piggy girl and a whore and a crawling slave slut bitch. That's
what she really is, and you never found that out. That's what you are, isn't
it, Jo? Tell him."

      "Yes," Jo said. "That's what I am. Yes."

      "Say oink, piggy," I said. "Say it loud."

      "Oink," Jo said. Crying hard. "Oink. Oink. Oink! Oink! Oink..."

                                       *

      "I want to hurt her," Brad said. "I want to make her cry. Can I?"

      "Oh dear sweet Jesus," Jo said.

      "Ask for it, Jo. Ask Brad to hurt you and make you cry. Beg him."

      A weird awful moan and Jo sank to her knees. "Please... hurt me." A
choking whisper. "Hurt me, make me cry, make me scream for you..."

                                       *

      I had been exploring her capacity for pain.

      Lying on my bed with her arms stretched above her head.

      I didn't bother tying her up.

      Jo wasn't going anyplace.

      "Hold still."

      "I can't."

      "You can."

      "Please."

      "Hold still or it will be worse."

      "Don't."

      "Ask me to do it."

      "No."

      "Ask me to do it."

      "I can't."

      "Go away."

      "What?"

      "Nothing is holding you here. Go away."

      "Please."

      "You're not moving."

      "I..."

      "Put your clothes on and go."

      "I can't."

      "Why not?"

      "You know I can't."

      "Then you'll do as I say.

      "Damn you."

      "Won't you, Jo."

      "I..."

      "Jo."

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes. I'll do as you say."

      "Then do it."

      "All... all right."

      "Ask me."

      "Please."

      "Please what?"

      "Please do it."

      "Please do what?"

      "Please... hurt me."

      "You want me to hurt you?"

      "Damn you."

      "Jo?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "I want you to hurt me."

      "Go on."

      "Oh please, I can't, please..."

      "Say it."

      "I want you to hurt me. Do it. Please do it."

      "All right. Hold still."

      "I'm trying."

      "Now."

      "Jesus Jesus Jesus no Christ no stop oh sweet Jesus I can't..."

      "Did you like that?"

      "No."

      "Yes you did."

      "No."

      "Tell me you did."

      "I did."

      "You loved it."

      "I loved it."

      "You want it again."

      "I..."

      "Say it."

      "Please I can't don't make me."

      "You want to go away?"

      "No."

      "You can go any time, you know."

      "I know."

      "You're not going."

      "No."

      "Say it."

      "I..."

      "I'm waiting."

      "I want it again."

      "Worse."

      "God."

      "Say it."

      "Worse."

      "Ask me."

      "Please do it to me again."

      "Go on."

      "Worse."

      "Beg."

      "Oh god, you --"

      "Beg me, Jo."

      "Please. Oh please... I'm begging you... I beg you with all my heart...
please do it to me again, do it worse this time, make me suffer for you...
please... please do it..."

      "I'm going to do it much worse this time."

      "Oh dear god..."

      "I don't want you to scream."

      "I'll try."

      "No. Don't try. Just don't scream."

      "I -- All right."

      "Not that I don't want to make you scream."

      "I know."

      "I do. I am looking forward to that."

      "I know."

      "But I don't want you to do it now."

      "All right."

      "Hold still, piggy."

      "Noooooonnnnoooooonnnnoooooooonnnnnnnggggghhhhhhhhaaaaahhhhhh..."

      "Good girl."

      "Sweet god no no more no more jesus god."

      "Sweet hurting little whore."

      "You..."

      "You want to leave, piggy?"

      "No..."

      "Are you sure?"

      "Yes."

      "You want me to do it again?"

      "No."

      "What do you want to do?"

      "I want to suck your cock."

      "With your lovely hurting mouth?"

      "Yes."

      "Suck me for hours so I won't hurt you any more?"

      "Yes."

      "What about your husband?"

      "What about him?"

      "Call him up."

      "What?"

      "You heard me, whore. Call him up."

      "Why?"

      "I want him to know you are going to suck my cock."

      "He knows."

      "Do it anyway."

      "Please..."

      "Hold still."

      "What..."

      "I'm going to hurt you again."

      "No... please no..."

      "You have to know what you are."

      "I know. I do know."

      "No you don't."

      "I do. I do, I do..."

      "What are you?"

      "I'm a whore."

      "Whose whore?"

      "Yours."

      "What else?"

      "A pig."

      "Whose pig?"

      "Your pig."

      "What else?"

      "A slut. A filthy slut."

      "Go on."

      "A bitch. A cocksucker."

      "And?"

      "A slave."

      "A slave."

      "Yes."

      "My slave."

      "Yes."

      "A slave obeys."

      "I'm sorry."

      "Not sorry enough."

      "I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."

      "Hold still."

      "God have mercy..."

      "Now."

      "Haaauuuughhh. Haaaauuuugggghhhh. Haaaarrrrggghhhhh..."

      "Will you call him up now?"

      "Yes. Yes yes god yes please yes..."

      "Do it."

      She did it.

      "Philip..."

      "Tell him where you are."

      "Yes, I'm with him. Yes."

      "Tell him you're naked."

      "I'm naked, Philip."

      "Tell him what we've been doing."

      "We've been... he's been hurting me."

      "Tell him how you hurt."

      "I am in agony, Philip. I can't stand it."

      "Tell him you won't leave."

      "I won't leave, Philip."

      "You could if you wanted to."

      "I could if I wanted to."

      "But you don't."

      "But I don't."

      "You can't."

      "I can't."

      "You're my little piggy whore."

      "I'm his little piggy whore."

      Jo was crying.

      "I'm sorry, Philip."

      "Tell him what you're going to do now."

      "I'm going to suck his cock now."

      "Ask him if he wants to talk to me while you suck my cock."

      "Philip... do you want to talk to him while I suck his cock?"

      She could hardly talk.

      "I know... I know I am... I know, I'm sorry..."

      She was sobbing.

      "Give me the phone."

      "Goodbye, Philip." She gave me the phone.

      "Now suck me. Slowly."

      Jo's mouth soft and sobbing and sweet on my cock.

      "Hello, Philip."

      "You filthy bastard."

      "Your wife is sucking my cock, Philip."

      "I'd like to kill you."

      "Use that tongue, Jo. That's it."

      "You son of a bitch."

      "I'm going to come in her mouth, Philip."

      Silence.

      "And she's going to swallow it."

      Silence.

      "Did she ever do that for you, Philip?"

      "Damn you."

      "I'm looking at your naked wife right now, Philip. I'm looking at her
good round breasts and her luscious round ass and her fantastic curvy thighs
and legs, and I'm looking at her mouth as it moves up and down around my cock."

      "Damn you!"

      "Your wife is a whore, Philip. My whore. I can make her do anything. I
can hurt her all I want. Would you like to hear her scream, Philip?"

      "I'll kill you."

      "You know what I'm going to do, Philip? Any day now, when I get a little
tired of using Jo all by myself?"

      Silence.

      "I'm going to let some of my friends play with her."

      A soft whimpering sound from Jo.

      "Would you like to watch, Philip?"

      Silence.

      "Watch your wife crawling for a group of strange guys? Fucking them and
sucking them and doing whatever they want all night long? Would you like that,
Philip?"

      "I'm hanging up now."

      "Oh, not before I come, Philip. That would be too bad. It shouldn't be
too long now. Your wife is so damn good with that sweet luscious mouth of hers.
I think I'll come right now. And let Jo swallow it all."

      "You..."

      "Suck harder, Jo darling. Little piggy cocksucker. Lick it, yes, that's
it piggy, damn, yes, take it all in, deeper, deeper piggy, oh yeah now here it
is, piggy whore, swallow it all now, yes... now... I'm coming, Philip... ah...
now... here, piggy... here... ahhhhh..."

      Philip made a strangling noise.

      Jo was choking.

      "Swallow, darling... that's it... she's swallowing, Philip...  all of it,
piggy... she's doing it so well, Philip... you'd be proud of her... that's so
good... swallow again, piggy... yes..."

      Philip hung up.

      "Your husband hung up on me," I said to Jo. "Very rude of him. I'm going
to have to punish you for that..."

                                       *

      "I want some pizza," I said.

      "You always get what you want," Jo said.

      "Especially you."

      "Yes. Especially me."

      "Call up and order."

      "All right."

      She did.

      "I know the delivery guy," I said.

      Jo looked at me.

      "He's fat."

      She looked at me.

      "Spotty," I said. "Bad teeth."

      "What --"

      "Bad breath, probably."

      "Wait a --"

      "Ugly as hell."

      Jo said nothing.

      "We can start with him."

      "No."

      "He'll love it."

      "No. God no."

      "You probably won't."

      "Please no. Please. Please."

      "You want to leave?"

      "Oh stop. I can't. You know I can't. Please."

      "You're my whore."

      "Yes."

      "You'll learn how to be a whore."

      "You bastard."

      "When he comes you'll let him in."

      "Please... if I..."

      "Just as you are."

      "What?"

      "Why waste time?"

      "I'm..."

      "Naked."

      "Oh no..."

      "I want to see his face."

      "Please no, please..."

      "And your face."

      "I can't."

      "You will."

      "No..."

      "Come here."

      "Wait..."

      "Now."

      "Wait... please..."

      "Come on."

      "Oh god..."

      "Jo..."

      "NNNNNNNGGGGHHHHHHAAAAHHHH..."

      "Will you?"

      "Yes..."

      "What?"

      "Yes yes I will yes I will yes yes..."

      "I'll just make sure."

      "No. No. Nnnaauuugghhh stop stop stop PLEASE STOP OH PLEASE JESUS GOD
AUUUUGGGHHHHH..."

      A knock at the door.

      "Stop crying."

      "Please, god please..."

      "Let him in."

      "Can't I..."

      "Would you rather crawl to the door?"

      "No."

      "Then go."

      She did.

      "Jesus Christ!" the pizza guy said.

      "Ask him in, Jo."

      "Come... come in."

      "Jesus H. Christ!"

      "Thanks for the pizza. How much do I owe you?"

      "Uh... nine bucks..."

      "You appear to like my girlfriend here."

      "Jesus!"

      "You find her attractive?"

      "Shit... she's fucking naked!"

      "Brilliant observation. You think she's worth nine bucks?"

      "Oh god.."

      "Huh?"

      "Would you like to fuck her?"

      "Please... oh god..."

      "Christ! Would I!"

      "Can I get the pizza free?"

      "You bastard..."

      "You mean..."

      "If I let you fuck her."

      "Holy shit! Sure!"

      "Jo."

      "You filthy bastard."

      "Jo, this man wants to fuck you."

      Jo was crying.

      "She don't look like she wants to."

      "Oh yes, she does. Don't you, Jo?"

      "Please... oh god..."

      "Jo?"

      "Yes."

      "Tell this man you will fuck him."

      "I..."

      "Tell him, Jo."

      "I..."

      "Look at him."

      Jo looked at him. Wiping her tears.

      He looked at her body. He was panting.

      "I'll fuck you," Jo said. Flatly.

      "Jesus!"

      "And for a tip she'll suck your cock. Won't you, Jo?"

      "Holy crap!"

      "Tell him that."

      "I... I'll suck your cock."

      "Tell him he can fuck you in the ass."

      "You... can fuck me in the ass."

      "You will be the best lay he's ever had. Won't you, little piggy?"

      "I... yes..."

      "Tell him that."

      "I'll be... the best lay you ever had."

      "Is that worth nine bucks?" I said.

      "Shit..."

      "What are you waiting for? You want her to take your clothes off for
you?"

      "Stop please stop..."

      "This woman is a slave," I said. "Isn't that right, piggy?"

      "Yes," Jo said.

      "Say it."

      "I'm a slave."

      "My slave."

      "Yes. Your slave."

      "And tonight you'll be his slave too."

      "I..."

      "Say it."

      "Tonight I... I'll be his slave too."

      "And give him your body."

      "And give him my body."

      "All of it."

      "All of it."

      "To do whatever he likes with it."

      "To do whatever he likes with it."

      "You hear that?"

      "Shit yeah."

      "You want her to take your clothes off?"

      "Yeah."

      "She'll do that. Right, piggy?"

      "Yes. I'll do that."

      "She'll crawl if you want. Right, piggy?"

      "Yes. I'll crawl."

      "She'll fuck your brains out. Right, piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "I'll fuck his brains out."

      "Why is she crying?"

      "Don't you like to see her crying?"

      "I don't... well... I guess..."

      "Want to make her cry more?"

      "Jesus!"

      "Want to make her scream?"

      "Please... don't do this... please... isn't it..."

      "Do you?"

      "You mean..."

      "You can if you want. Can't he, Jo?"

      "Wait..."

      "Can't he, piggy?"

      "Please..."

      "Can't he, whore?"

      "No..."

      "Say yes."

      "Oh no..."

      "Say yes, piggy."

      "Please please please..."

      "Say it."

      "Yes."

      "What?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes... he can make me scream."

      "Say it to him."

      "You can... make me scream."

      "This is crazy."

      "Why?"

      "Damn, look... I want to fuck her now, okay?"

      "Jo."

      "Yes."

      "This man wants to fuck you now."

      "Yes."

      "Lie down and spread your legs."

      "I... right here?"

      "Lie down, whore, and spread your piggy legs for him."

      "Oh."

      "Look at you."

      "Oh."

      "You filthy degraded bitch."

      "Oh yes."

      "You crawling degraded piece of dung."

      "Oh yes yes..."

      "Beg this man to fuck you."

      "Please fuck me. Please take me, I'm such a filthy whore, please do it to
me, do anything you want to me, make me suck your cock and make me scream and
make me crawl for you, degrade me and punish me and defile my whore slut body.
Anything you want, I'm yours, I'm your slave, play with me, use me, destroy me,
please, I beg you, I'll be good for you, I'll be your sweet cocksucking whore
slave, do it, rape me, violate me, debase me, piss on me, piss in my mouth and
make me drink it, shit on my face, I want to die..."

      "You can't die," I said. "You're my slave forever."

      The pizza guy took his clothes off.

      "I'm going to tape this."

      "Oh god..."

      "It will be a fine Christmas present for your husband."

      "Oh..."

      I taped it all.

      As he fucked her.

      As Jo fucked him back.

      As she sucked his cock for him.

      As she swallowed his gism.

      As she was crawling for him.

      As he pissed all over her body.

      As Jo drank his piss.

      And finally as he made her scream.

      Again and again.

      Till she was hoarse.

      And still screaming.

      And he took her again.

      And I took her.

      And both of us took her.

      I never got around to the pizza.

                                       *

      "A stag party," I said to Philip.

      Jo was crying softly.

      "Jo on her knees," I said.

      "A long file of men lined up in front of her.

      "Waiting to use her mouth

      "Jo sucking them off.

      "One by one.

      "And swallowing it all.

      "Man after man.

      "Sucking and swallowing.

      "Until she throws up.

      "You'll like that, won't you, Jo?"

      "Yes," Jo said. Crying.

      "Louder."

      "Yes."

      "Put some life into it." And I pushed the button.

      "YAAAAAAHHHH!! DON'T! YES! YES! I WILL, YES!"

      "Works well, don't it?"

      "Don't do it again, please, I'll be good, I'll do anything..."

      "I know you will, piggy."

      "I will, I swear it..."

      "To avoid this?"

      "NAAUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHH.... Ohh Jesus don't... YAAAAGGGHHHH...."

      Great result with little effort.

      "Please you don't have to do that. Why do you have to..."

      "I like it. Making you twist. Making you scream. It's fun, piggy."

      "Just tell me what you want me to do."

      "At the party?"

      "Anyplace."

      "Anyplace, any time, any way?"

      "Yes. You know that."

      "After you suck all those guys off I think they'll need to take a piss."

      "Oh."

      "Maybe right in that same fine mouth."

      "Oh."

      "And you'll swallow that too."

      "Oh."

      "Right, piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "Until you throw up again."

      "All right."

      "I'm inviting all my pals."

      "Of course."

      "And that's not all."

      "Who else?"

      "You'll never guess."

      "What --"

      "Your daddy."

      "What?"

      "Your dear old daddy."

      "You -- you're --"

      "Remember him?"

      "You can't."

      "I can. I did."

      "No."

      "No?"

      "Not that. Not him."

      "Your daddy can't wait."

      "I won't."

      "You won't?"

      "No. I can't."

      "Oh, dear. In that case..."

      "HAAUUGGHHHH NO NO NO NAAAAAAHHHHGGG NO PLEAAAAEEEEEE."

      "Try again."

      "Jesus god no more please not any more please Jesus please please please
please please please..."

      "About your daddy..."

      "Unnhhhh. Unhh."

      "Shall I..."

      "NO!"

      "About daddy..."

      "All right."

      "What?"

      "All right. All right."

      "All right what, piggy?"

      "Bring him."

      "I am."

      "He'll love it."

      "I think so too."

      "His own daughter."

      "His whore daughter."

      "Will you make me..."

      "Yes."

      "He'll be..."

      "Yes."

      "And you'll let him..."

      "Yes."

      Jo was crying very hard.

      She was naked, of course.

      Philip was watching.

      "You know, Jo," I said. "I'll bet Philip has a hard-on."

      "I'll bet you do too," Jo said.

      I pushed the button again.

      I did it for a while.

      I did it until Jo was hoarse.

      I waited for a while.

      Then I said, "Anything to say, piggy?"

      "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry..."

      "Why don't you ask him?"

      "What?"

      "Philip. Your darling husband. Ask him if he has a hard-on."

      "Do you have a hard-on, Philip?"

      "Yes," Philip said.

      "From watching me in pain?"

      "I... yes."

      "Do you want the button, Philip?"

      "I... no."

      "Do you want Jo to suck you off?"

      "I..."

      "She will if I tell her. Right, piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "She'll lick your ass if I tell her. Right, whore?"

      "Yes."

      "Do you want her to lick your ass, Philip?"

      "I... no."

      "What is it you want."

      "I want to whip her."

      "Jesus," Jo said.

      "Why," I said.

      "She's a whore, isn't she?"

      "Ask her."

      "You're a whore, aren't you?" he said to Jo.

      "Yes," Jo said. "I'm sorry."

      "You humiliated me and degraded yourself for this man."

      "Yes."

      "You crawl to him and lower yourself for his pleasure and act like an
animal."

      "Yes."

      "You are a disgrace to civilization."

      "I know."

      "You deserve to be whipped."

      "Probably."

      "Don't you?"

      "Yes."

      "And I want to whip you."

      Jo said nothing.

      "Shall I?" Philip said.

      And Jo made the only answer she could. "I'm sorry, Philip... you'll have
to ask him."

      And he did.

      And I said yes.

      As long as I could watch.

      And listen.

      And savor.

                                       *

      The whip sang, and so did Jo.

      "Sweet piggy," I said.

      I had hung her by her wrists from the ceiling, arms wide apart. Her legs
spread similarly, roped to rings in the floor.

      Jo was spread eagled in the air.

      Her naked body taut and straining.

      Screaming her guts out.

      Philip stood behind her, whipping her as hard as he could.

      "Do it harder," I said.

      I put my hands on her breasts and squeezed them as she screamed into my
face.

      "Jo," I said, "your dear old daddy should see you now."

      "Call him up," Philip said.

      I got on the phone.

      "We're whipping your daughter," I said. "Listen."

      Jo sang.

      "If you want to come over you can watch."

      "I'll be right there," Jo's daddy said.

      "Jo darling, your daddy is coming right over.

      "You can sing for him too."

      The whip cracked.

      "Like that," I said.

      I took hold of her breasts again.

      Crack!

      "Sing to me, piggy."

                                       *

      "Ask your daddy to fuck you."

      "Please fuck me, daddy."

      "Just as you are."

      "Just as I am."

      "How do you like your naked daughter?"

      "She's no little girl any more."

      "She give you a hard-on?"

      "Especially stretched out that way."

      "And in agony."

      "There's that too."

      "You want to fuck her?"

      "What do you think, daughter?"

      "I can't stop you, daddy."

      "I loved watching you getting whipped."

      "I'm glad you enjoyed it, daddy."

      "I'd like to do it myself."

      "I'm sure you can if you want to."

      "Would you like that?"

      "No, I wouldn't. But I don't have a choice."

      "I guess not."

      "Your daughter is my slave."

      "How nice for you."

      "Aren't you, little piggy?"

      "Yes."

      "Piggy?"

      "She's a pig. Isn't that right, Jo?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "I'm a pig."

      "Say oink for your daddy."

      "Oink."

      "Again. Louder."

      "Oink."

      "Don't stop."

      "Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink. Oink."

      "You see?"

      "I could fuck her just like this."

      "That's right."

      "Standing up."

      "Painful for her."

      "Not painful enough."

      "Daddy..."

      "What do you want?"

      "Whip her while I fuck her."

      "Daddy... god..."

      "Okay with me."

      "I'm gonna do it to you, Jo."

      "I'm your daugher, daddy."

      "You're a pig."

      "Yes."

      "You can't do a damn thing about it."

      "I know."

      "I'm gonna fuck you while you're being whipped."

      "Yes, daddy."

      "That gorgeous damn body is gonna squirm like hell."

      "Yes, daddy."

      "And I'm gonna be inside it."

      "Yes, daddy."

      "You sweet helpless hurting little whore."

      "Yes, daddy."

      "Take it."

      "Oh god... daddy..."

      "Whip her now."

      Philip did.

      The whip sang.

      Jo sang louder.

      Her body was spasming and twisting and squirming.

      Her daddy was moaning.

      It didn't take long.

      "Cut her down."

      Jo fell to the floor.

      Her daddy grabbed her hair and pulled her face into his crotch.

      Jo was crying and gasping and twitching.

      Her daddy's cock was in her open mouth.

      "Suck me hard, piggy daughter."

      She did.

      Then her daddy lay her flat on the floor on her whipped abraded back and
flung himself on top of her and raped her for a long time as she screamed and
screamed and screamed...

      Philip and I took over when daddy was done.

                                       *

      "Did you ever suck a dog's cock?" I said.

      "No," Jo said. "Is that what you want to make me do next? Suck a dog's
cock?"

      "I'm thinking about it."

      "I'll do it."

      "Of course you will."

      "You want me to fuck the dog too?"

      "I think the dog would like that."

      "I'll do that too."

      "I know you will, piggy."

      "I'll do anything you can think of."

      "That's a good little piggy."

      "You can degrade me all you want."

      "Yes, I know."

      "I don't care any more."

      "Yes you do. But you can't help it."

      "You make me an animal."

      "That's what you are."

      "Yes. That's what I am."

      "Say oink for me."

      "Oink."

      "Piggy."

      "Oink."

      "Little slut slave.'

      "Oink. Oink. Oink."

      "Pull your skirt up."

      "Why?"

      "I want to put out my cigarette on your thigh."

      "Oh."

      "Higher."

      "All right."

      "All the way up, piggy. I'm going to grind it out high up on the inside,
where my body will rub against it when I fuck you."

      "All right."

      "Hold still."

      "I'm trying."

      "Now."

      "Unn. Nn. Nnnhhh. Sssss. Huuh. Hunh. Unnhhh."

      "Good girl."

      "Jesus."

      "Don't put your skirt down."

      "Oh god."

      "I want one on the other thigh."

      "Of course."

      "Must be symmetrical, you know."

      "Yes."

      "Ready?"

      "I'm..."

      "Say yes."

      "Yes."

      "Say please."

      "Please."

      "Tell me what you want me to do."

      "Please grind your cigarette out slowly high up on the inside of my
thigh, so I will have two burns that your body can rub against when you fuck
me."

      "All right, piggy."

      "HAAAUUUUUUGGGHHHHHHH."

      "Too loud, piggy."

      "I'm sorry."

      "Gag yourself."

      "All right."

      "With my cock."

      "All right."

      "And then I'll bring in the dog."

      "All right."

      "Nice and slow now, piggy. Good little cocksucking dog- fucking whore.
Keep it up, sweet little piggy slut bitch slave girl, make me come and swallow
it all and then you can do it to the dog.

      "Sweet piggy."

                                       *

      Jo was hanging upside down by her ankles and sucking her daddy's cock.
Her arms were tied behind her, wrists to elbows, and her daddy was holding on
to her hair and pulling her head tight against him so as to keep his cock in
her mouth. Jo's daddy was standing with his pants around his ankles as his
daughter was sucking him. She was choking and sputtering and had to try to
breathe through her nostrils because her daddy would not let his cock slide all
the way out of Jo's mouth. Jo didn't have any clothes on at all.

      "Damn, that's good," Jo's daddy said.

      I was standing on the other side of Jo, running my hands up and down her
straining thighs. I had a cigarette in my hand. Jo's daddy had asked me to
light it up. So far I hadn't used it, but Jo was not unaware of the fact that
it was in my hand, and that I might use it at any time.

      "Damn damn damn," Jo's daddy said. "My little girl has one fantastic
fucking mouth."

      "Your little girl's got great thighs too," I said.

      "You wanna stick that cigarette into them?"

      "Gmk," Jo said. "Nnggmmmk."

      "What's wrong, darlin'," her daddy said. "You don't want your pretty
thighs kissed by that hot little thing?"

      "Ghhhmmm," Jo said.

      "Don't stop sucking, daughter. You don't stop sucking for anything, you
got that?"

      "Hmmmm."

      "Right. Even if it hurts, okay, darlin'?"

      "Mmmmggg..."

      "And if you bite me, sugar, you will be one sorry little bitch."

      "Gggghhh..."

      "You got that, darlin'?"

      "Mmmnnn...."

      "Do it," Jo's daddy said.

      "Nnnngggg...."

      "Do it slow."

      "NNNNGGGGHHHHH...."

      "All right," I said.

      "NNNGGGGGNNNGGG...."

      I did it.

      Slow.

      Burning.

      Searing.

      Twisting.

      Gently.

      Slowly.

      Harder.

      Slowly.

      Twisting.

      Burning.

      Grinding.

      Slowly.

      Until it went out.

      And Jo was screaming around her daddy's cock.

      And she was bucking and writhing as she hung there.

      Jo's breasts were bouncing.

      And rolling.

      And her legs were spasming.

      And her body was jerking.

      But her daddy still held her hair.

      And his cock was still in her mouth.

      And Jo was sobbing and gagging.

      And her daddy came.

      Hard.

      In her mouth.

      Down her throat.

      Again and again.

      "Damn," he said. "Fucking damn shit yeah, baby darlin' slut daughter,
swallow that stuff you fine little prick sucker."

      And Jo did.

      "Now you suck him and I'll burn the other thigh," Jo's daddy said.

                                       *

      "Do it."

      "Must I?"

      "Yes."

      "Oh god."

      "Now."

      "He's fat."

      "So what?"

      "You bastard."

      "Jo."

      "I'm sorry."

      "What are you?"

      "A whore."

      "Whose whore?"

      "Your whore."

      "And what else?"

      "A pig."

      "A filthy pig."

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "A filthy pig."

      "Say it all."

      "I am a filthy pig."

      "Say oink."

      "Oink."

      "Louder."

      "Oink."

      "Now do it."

      "Excuse me."

      "What?"

      "Would... would you like to fuck me?"

      "What!"

      "Would you like to fuck me?"

      "What is this?"

      "You can if you want."

      "I can?"

      "Yes."

      "Why?"

      "I'm a slut."

      "What is this, a trick?"

      "No."

      "What is it?"

      "It's something I have to do."

      "Why?"

      "He told me to."

      "Who is he?"

      "My owner."

      "Who are you?"

      "Jo."

      "Do you want to fuck me?"

      "No."

      "Then why would you do it?"

      "He wants me to."

      "Are you his slave?"

      "Yes."

      "What?"

      "Yes. I am."

      "But... you're beautiful."

      "Thank you."

      "And sexy."

      "Thank you."

      "Anybody would want you."

      "Thank you."

      "You don't want to fuck me."

      "No."

      "But..."

      "But I will."

      "Right now?"

      "Right now."

      "Right here?"

      "Right here."

      "Why?"

      "I have to."

      "Okay."

      "Shall I undress?"

      "Yes."

      "All right."

      "Why are you crying?"

      "Because I'm degrading myself."

      "Oh."

      "I'm naked."

      "I can see that."

      "Do you want me to lie down?"

      "No."

      "What do you want?"

      "I want to fuck you in the ass."

      "Oh."

      "Can I?"

      "Yes."

      "Will you like that?"

      "No."

      "Will you hate it?"

      "Yes."

      "Will it hurt?"

      "Yes."

      "Will you scream?"

      "Probably."

      "Let's find out."

      "All right."

      "Ask me to fuck you in the ass."

      "Please fuck me in the ass."

      "I want to feel your tits first."

      "All right."

      "Great tits."

      "Ouch!"

      "Too tight?"

      "Yes."

      "Too bad."

      "Ohhh."

      "My cock is hard."

      "Yes."

      "I'd like it in your mouth."

      "All right."

      "Not now."

      "All right."

      "Now I want it in your ass."

      "All right."

      "Then you can lick it off and suck on it."

      "All right."

      "God, you'll just do anything, won't you?"

      "I can't help it."

      "I'm gonna rape your ass."

      "I know."

      "Scream for me."

      "GAAAUUUUGGGGNNNNOOOO....."

      "Sweet hurting squirming tight-assed pain girl cry scream fight..."

                                       *

      "Piggy."

      "Oink."

      "Take it."

      "Oink."

      "Sweet whore."

      "Oink."

      "Kiss me."

      "Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.............."

      "Tell Brad what you are."

      "I am a crawling whore slave..."

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                   PIZZA MAN
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "I'm such a slut," Ginny said. "I'm such a ball-busting bitch. Discipline
me, darling, please. Oh god, make me do something I don't want to do. Anything
you want. Something dirty. Make me do filthy things for you, darling. I want
to, please."

      "How filthy?" Bud said.

      "As filthy as you want. I want to crawl in the mud for you. Can you do
it, darling? Can you make this snobbish bitch crawl?"

      Bud hit her in the stomach.

      "That should do it, I think."

      It did. Ginny was on the floor, gasping, sobbing, writhing. And soon
crawling.

      "Is that what you want?" Bud said.

      "I --"

      "Kiss the floor," Bud said.

      Ginny did.

      "Lick it."

      Ginny did that too.

      "Bitch cunt twat cocksucker," Bud said.

      "Please --" Ginny said.

      "Please what?"

      "I -- do you want me to strip for you, darling? Make me do it. Make me
strip for you, strip naked. Make me show you my body. All of it. Force me to do
it."

      "I don't want to see your body," Bud said.

      "Oh god. Oh Jesus. Darling. Make me give myself to you, make me kiss your
body and lick your ass and suck your cock."

      "Filthy whore."

      "Yes. Yes, I'm a filthy whore. Christ, I'm a dirty filthy whore slut
bitch and I should be tamed. Darling, whip me. Hang me up and whip me till I
scream and beg you to stop."

      "You want to strip?"

      "Yes --"

      "All right. Fine. I'm going to order a pizza. You know that scrumpy fat
sweaty guy who brings pizza?"

      "Bud --"

      "You can strip for him."

      "Bud, wait --"

      "And fuck him too," Bud said.

      "Bud, Christ, wait -- I -- I -- I can't --"

      "What?"

      "I don't want to, I don't want to do that, not with him, please- -"

      "Wait a minute, wait now, Ginny. Hold it now. Didn't you say, wasn't that
you who just said I should make you do something you don't want to do?"

      "I --"

      "Wasn't it?"

      "Yes."

      "What?"

      "Yes."

      "I thought so. All right, that's just what I'm doing. You don't want to
fuck that pizza guy, do you?"

      "I -- no. Oh no."

      "But I'm going to make you do it, Ginny."

      "I -- oh -- Jesus -- you're making me do it."

      "That's dirty enough, isn't it, Ginny? Is that filthy enough for you? Is
it?"

      "I -- yes. Oh yes. So dirty. You'll force me to do it with him."

      "That's right, Ginny. I'm forcing you to do it. To take your clothes off
for him and show him your body --"

      "God, I --"

      "And fuck for him, any way he wants it."

      "I -- I can't -- I --"

      "And suck his cock."

      "Oh Bud, oh, I --"

      "And lick his ass out."

      "Ahh. Oh, darling. Oh Jesus, I -- it's so filthy -- don't make me -- "

      "I'm making you. And you'll do it. Won't you, Ginny?"

      "I -- I don't -- I --"

      "Won't you, Ginny slut?"

      "Ahh. Yes. Yes. I will. Make me. Force me to do it. Yes. I'll do it. Oh
Christ, yes, you'll make me do it and I will, yes, yes, yes- -"

      "Why? Why will you do it, Ginny?"

      "Because you want me to. And because I'm a slut and a whore and a bitch.
And you'll watch me, darling, won't you? You'll watch it all and you'll tell me
what to do and I'll do it."

      "I'll have you crawling for him."

      "Oh. Ahh. So dirty."

      "Licking his body all over. Kissing his mouth, his stinking scummy mouth,
putting your tongue inside it and licking his mouth, his gums, his teeth --"

      "Ahh ahh ahh god I can't it's so awful oh Christ don't yes darling --"

      "And taking your clothes off at the same time, showing him your breasts
and asking him to touch them, play with your nipples, hurt them --"

      "Aunnnhhh --"

      "And pulling down your panties, pulling them off your legs, showing him
your thighs, baring your cunt for him. Asking him, begging him to put his cock
in it and fuck the shit out of you. And begging him to put that cock in your
mouth so you can lick it and suck it and bring him off down your throat and
swallow it all --"

      "Auunnnghh darling yes I'll do it I will I'll do it for you, watch me,
watch me crawl for him, whip me while I fuck him, whip my body all over, make
me scream, make me squirm against his filthy body, it's so degrading, grind my
body into the dirt, debase me, hurt me, watch him hurt me, and piss on me, yes,
please, please darling, let him piss on me, watch him pissing on me, and you
too, both of you pissing on me, piss on my face, on my breasts, my body, my
thighs, my cunt. Make me scream, dirty filthy bitch whore."

       But Bud had tied her hands behind her back, bound tightly, and Ginny
couldn't do anything but stand and submit to the fat man's amazed stare, gazing
avidly at her body as Bud said, "All right, Ginny. Strip for him."

      "I -- I can't," Ginny said. "How can I with my hands --"

      "Ginny. I told you I'd make you show him your body. Didn't I?"

      "Bud --"

      "Show it to him, Ginny. All of it."

      "Christ," the man said softly.

      Ginny pulled up her skirt, baring her thighs, as the fat man gasped,
struggling with bound hurting hands to pull down her clinging panties, failing.

      "I can't," Ginny said, crying. "Please, Bud, please."

      "Ask him," Bud said.

      "What?"

      "Ask him to do it for you. Ask him nicely."

      So horrid, that man, drooling at her, panting, sweating.

      "Ahh," Ginny said. "Ahh. Ahh." Walking to him slowly. Standing in front
of him. "Please, sir," Ginny said, crying. "Please take my clothes off. Please.
Strip me naked. Please."

      "Hit her," Bud said.

      "What?"

      "Hit her. Hard."

      "No," Ginny said. "No, wait." Stepping in against him now, body touching
his, breasts against his chest, pushing into him. Squirming against him, hips
brushing. Putting her mouth to his, lips touching his lips. "Please. Strip me.
All of me. Please."

      "Hit her," Bud said.

      Stepping back, swinging softly at her face.

      "No," Bud said, "like this." And slapping her hard back and forth, Ginny
crying out, stumbling back, hitting her in the pit of the stomach, again,
again, Ginny falling to her knees, bowing, writhing, retching.

      "Crawl for him," Bud said.

      Ginny crawling, on her stomach, sobbing, twitching, pushing with her
legs, thighs showing, gasping, crawling, licking the floor as Bud told her to.
The fat man now naked, on the floor, his cock in front of her face, hard,
dirty, throbbing. Pure degradation. Thrilling, horrible, humiliating,
sickening, erotic.

      "Are you watching," Ginny said, lying with breasts crushed beneath her,
hands bound, thighs bared, face in the rug. "Are you watching me, darling?"

      "Suck it and I'll whip you," Bud said.

      "Hard?" Ginny said.

      "Harder than you can stand it," Bud said.

      Moaning, Ginny put her mouth on the fat man's filthy cock. Slid her lips
down around it, taking it in, all the way in, all of it, tasting dirt on her
tongue, in her throat. Holding it as the fat man made sounds of astonished
passion. Licking it slowly, bathing it with her tongue, waiting for the first
blow. Bud's strap coming down, whistling, lashing across bare thighs, a pistol
shot. Pain so hot, so awful. Holding her mouth wide so as not to bite him,
Ginny screamed around the fat man's cock. Lips clasping him again right away,
moaning, tears falling on fat flesh. Moaning as Bud struck again. Lightning
bolts of pain across Ginny's naked twisting thighs. Slowly starting to suck
now, sobbing, twisting.

      Again.

      "Nnnghh-hmphh," Ginny said. Meaning no more, meaning again, harder,
meaning I can't stand this, meaning I love you, don't stop, don't stop.

      Slash, across her back. Right through blouse, bra, agony on her back.
Slash, crack, again.

      "Mmmphh. Nnngghh. Aughhh." And still sucking. Until fat man, shouting,
shot into her throat, and she was swallowing spurt after spurt, lashing him
with her tongue to bring it all out, in rhythm now with Bud lashing her back,
thighs, buttocks.

      Lying flat, face in the rug, crying, gasping, and Bud said, "Turn over."

      "No."

      "Do it."

      "Please."

      "Do it."

      And Ginny turning onto her back, hands beneath her, body arching
slightly, panting hard. Bud with his strap.

      "You want it?"

      "No."

      "Say yes."

      "No."

      "All right."

      "Yes."

      "What?"

      "Yes. I want it."

      "Strip her," Bud said. "Rip it off."

      Fat man scrabbling at her blouse, ripping, baring, pulling her bra,
hurting, ripping it off, Ginny's breasts bare, round, nipples pointing.

      "How many?" Bud said.

      "No," Ginny said.

      "Ginny."

      "I can't. I can't. All you want. Bud, you bastard, darling, all you want,
kill me."

      "No," Bud said, "you have to fuck him afterwards."

      Crack! Right across her nipples.

      Ginny screaming.

      "Hold still," Bud said.

      "No, don't --"

      "Hold still."

      "Haugh."

      Crack!

      Tossing, twisting, kicking, filled with fathomless pain, and now fat man
on top of her, probing, crushing.

      "Put him in."

      She put him in, curled her legs around him, and she was fucking him,
arching, writhing, squirming, fucking hard, kissing him, him howling, and
rolling over she saw Bud raise his strap and burst into awful agony and lust...




                                   SID'S TOY
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Damn it, Nancy, it's so fantastic to think I actually have you in this
position," I said. "I don't think I can ever thank Sid enough for giving me
this gift tonight."

      "Oh, you will," Nancy said. "Don't worry about that. Sid will find a way
for you to pay him back. And it's not a gift. It's just a loan. I'm just an
investment to Sid. My body is a commodity. He loans it out for profit, not
generosity."

      "It's a beautiful body."

      "Thank you."

      "How do you feel about -- all this?"

      "All what?"

      "Well, the -- what Sid does with you. Giving you -- loaning you out to --
guys like me. And stuff."

      "How do you think I feel, David?"

      "I think you probably don't like it much."

      "Well, give that man a cigar."

      "But you have to do it anyway, right?"

      "Do we have to talk about this?"

      "Sid said you would do anything I want."

      "That's right. That's part of Sid's deal."

      "Well, I want to talk about this."

      "Oh. All right, David. May I sit down?"

      "No."

      "All right."

      "You have to do it, right? If Sid tells you. You do anything Sid says.
Right?"

      "Yes."

      "Why?"

      "You know why."

      "But I want you to tell me."

      "I have to, all right? I don't have any choice. Sid -- owns me. That's
all. I'm his possession. I belong to him. Body and soul. You know why. All
Sid's friends know about it. And I can't do anything about it. And that's why
I'm here. Okay?"

      "But you don't want to be."

      "What do you think?"

      "And you can't stand Sid, can you?"

      "David --"

      "Tell me."

      "No. I can't stand Sid. But I have to."

      "But what if you don't do what he wants? What if you can't bring yourself
to do it?"

      "Look, David --"

      "I want to know, Nancy. So answer the question."

      "Sid... hurts me."

      "What? Louder."

      "Sid hurts me. Badly. All right? He just hurts me -- Sid's good at that,
he has lots of ways -- until I do it."

      "God. That's exciting."

      "I guess it must be. It seems to turn a lot of guys on."

      "I want you to tell me about the ways Sid hurts you. But not right now.
Right now I want to know what you look like naked."

      "Oh."

      "You know, Sid asked me how I wanted you to dress tonight."

      "I know. Sid does that. Sid thinks that if I fulfill his customer's
fantasy, it will add to his satisfaction. All business, our Sid."

      "Sid said I could hurt you if I wanted to."

      "I know."

      "What do you think about that?"

      "Oh god, David, what do you think? You think I like to be hurt? Well, I
don't. I'm hoping you won't want to do that, obviously. In fact, I was hoping
that you wouldn't want to go along with any of this. I thought you might be too
nice a guy to do this kind of thing."

      "Hell, I'm a guy, Nancy."

      "Yes."

      "Nancy -- you're not wearing any bra, are you?"

      "No. Isn't that what you asked for?"

      "God. I want to see what your breasts look like."

      "They're just breasts, David. Nothing special."

      "I don't believe that at all. Would you take off your blouse, please,
Nancy?"

      "Must I?"

      "To quote you, Nancy, what do you think?"

      "Of course. All right."

      "God, I can't believe I'm sitting here watching Nancy Collins unbuttoning
her blouse for me."

      "Is this what you want, David?"

      "Christ, Nancy, that's beautiful!"

      "Thank you. May I hang my blouse up?"

      "Just drop it on the floor."

      "All right."

      "Oh, Jesus. Just stand there for a minute. Don't even move. I just want
to look at you that way."

      "Why not? That's what I'm here for, isn't it? To let you get your kicks
from my body."

      "You truly hate this, don't you?"

      "Yes, David."

      "Tell me about it, Nancy. It's really fascinating."

      "What do you want to know? I am Sid's slave, all right? I do what Sid
says. If Sid says jump, I say, how high? If I don't jump, Sid hurts me until I
do. Until I beg him to let me jump. Is this exciting you, David?"

      "Damn right it is. Take your skirt off, Nancy."

      "All right."

      "I think you have the most gorgeous legs I ever saw."

      "Thank you."

      "Don't take off the panties now."

      "I wasn't going to -- until you told me to."

      "Oh, I will. I will. You know, I've wanted your body for a long time. A
long, long time."

      "And tonight you get it. Congratulations."

      "And I also get to hurt it if I want to, don't I?"

      "Why would you want to do that, David?"

      "Don't I, Nancy?"

      "Yes, David."

      "Does Sid tie you up when he hurts you?"

      "Sometimes."

      "I want to do that."

      "You don't have to, David. If you want to hurt me I'll hold still for
you. I'm used to doing that."

      "But I want to see you all helpless. Nancy Collins helpless and in my
power."

      "I'm helpless now."

      "I know."

      "David. Listen. You don't have to get kinky about this. Look -- I'll do
anything you want. You want my body -- here it is. It's yours, any way you want
it. I'll be good for you. I can be the best you ever had. Do you want me to
take my panties off now?"

      "No. I want to tie you up."

      "And then what?"

      "You're scared. Christ, you're really frightened behind all that cool
attitude. Aren't you, Nancy. And it turns me on like crazy. Why is that, do you
think?"

      "David. Listen. Do you want my mouth? Would you like me to suck you,
David? I can do that for you right now. David. Just say the word, and I'll go
down on my knees, David. Right down on the floor. And I'll crawl to you, if you
want that. And I'll open your pants and take you out. Think about this, David.
And I'll kiss it. And lick it. All over. As much as you want. And then I'll
take it in my mouth, David. All the way. I'm really good at that. Sid trained
me to be. Sid would sit in his chair for hours, as I knelt in front of him, and
make me practice and practice until I did it right. Sid would hold me by my
hair and hold my head all the way down, with all of him jammed into my mouth.
And down my throat. And Sid is big, David, believe me. Sid would hold me that
way until I could take it. It didn't matter how much I

      was choking and gagging and struggling just to breathe, almost strangling
sometimes. Sid would hold me that way until I learned to accomodate him. It was
that or die. So I did. And Sid also taught me how to suck. All the ways to give
a man the most pleasure. I'll do them for you, David. All of them. I'll make it
more than you can imagine in your wildest fantasies. I'll suck you all night
long, if you want. On my knees. And of course when you come in my mouth, I'll
swallow it. I'll swallow it all down, and you can watch me swallowing your
come. And then I'll suck you some more, until you're all hard again, and you
can take my body. Any way you like. If you want --"

      "Nancy."

      "Yes, David."

      "You're frightened, aren't you?"

      "Yes. Of course.

      "Nancy."

      "Yes, David."

      "How do you like my coffee table?"

      "Your -- you mean this table? It's -- it's okay. A little high for a
coffee table, though, isn't it?"

      "It is high, but I like it. And now I think I see a good use to put it
to. It might be just the right height, after all. Nancy."

      "Yes, David."

      "Will you get up on that table, please."

      "Must I, David?"

      "Yes."

      "All right."

      "Lie down across the table. Good. It's wide enough to hold you. Not quite
long enough for all of you, though, is it? That's all right. I can pull your
arms and legs over the ends and tie them to the legs underneath. That should be
fairly uncomfortable for you, don't you think?"

      "Why do you have to do this?"

      "Are you arguing with me, Nancy?"

      "No, David. You can do anything you want with me. You know that."

      "Slide down just a bit, so I can pull your legs under the table. That's
it. Now I'm going to touch your legs. Christ, Nancy Collins's legs. You can't
know this, but those legs have just about dominated my sexual fantasies ever
since junior high school. And I'll bet I'm not the only one. Thousands of boys,
I'm sure, have thought about Nancy Collins's legs while masturbating. Thinking
about those luscious, curvy, sensuous calves of yours. How the muscles ripple
so sinuously as you walk. And your fabulous thighs. That soft, smooth,
tender-looking flesh, and the gradual, voluptuous, gorgeous, mysterious,
shapely curves as they disappear beneath your skirt. Thinking about that skin,
that form, that motion. Thinking about seeing all of them, just as I am now.
All the way up. Naked. Thinking about having them spread out, open, waiting.
Thinking about them curled around my body, clutching around my waist, clamping
around me so that I can feel every bit of them, every inch of thigh and calf,
touching my skin, moving against me, around me. As I fuck your brains out.
Damn!"

      "That's very flattering, David. A bit disgusting, but still flattering.
But how can I wrap my legs around you that way if you're going to tie them
down?"

      "Oh, we have lots of time, Nancy. All night. I'll give you a chance to do
that. And a lot of other things I've masturbated to visions of. Right now I'm
finally going to touch those legs. Spread them for me, please. Slowly, Nancy.
That's it. Oh, Christ. Oh Jesus. So nice. So soft. So smooth. God, your inner
thigh. All the way up here. So sweet. I think I can die  now. If I didn't have
so many things still to do with you. Such fabulous calves! So firm but still
soft. I'm going to tie your legs this way,

      Nancy, spread out wide, open and vulnerable. And it puts you in a perfect
position for later activities. Like fucking. Of course, I'll have to rip your
panties off. But I think I can put up with that. Oh -- Sid said he would make
you bring some ropes along, just in case I wanted to do this."

      "Sid thinks of everything."

      "Did you bring it?"

      "Of course. It's in my bag."

      "Ah. Good. Now I'll just pull your legs under and fix them to the table
legs. Ah. And this one -- right. That looks fantastic. How does it feel,
Nancy?"

      "Very uncomfortable, thanks."

      "Right. I'm sure that discomfort will become painful after a while,
wouldn't you think?"

      "Probably."

      "Especially after I finish tying you. Now your arms. Wrists together, I
think. Now put your arms back over your head, please. That's it. This is
perfect. Your elbows right over the edge. Now I can run this rope around this
middle support, and pull you just as tight as I want you."

      "David --"

      "Not now, Nancy darling. I'm concentrating. I want you stretched out
tightly, you know. Your body straining. Taut. This is good. A little tighter.
Christ! That looks exciting as hell. How does it feel?"

      "It hurts, David. It hurts a lot."

      "I guess it does at that. And by god, what it does to your breasts.
Christ almighty. It just pulls them up and makes them show themselves off, but
hardly flattens them out at all. Nancy's bare breasts. Standing up almost away
from your body, all firm and round and luscious. With your so pretty pink
nipples standing up, poking up into the air. What makes them so stiff, Nancy?
Is it passion? Or is it fright. And pain."

      "I don't know. But it's damn well not passion."

      "I didn't think so."

      "How long are you going to keep me like this, David?"

      "Why? Does it hurt that much?"

      "Yes. How long are you going to keep me this way?"

      "I don't know. Until I say so. Tell me how it hurts."

      "It does. It's very painful, and it gets worse by the minute. It's so
uncomfortable, but I think I will soon hurt so much that I won't care about
discomfort. It's starting to really give me pain. Is that what you want, David?
To watch me in pain?"

      "I think I do."

      "All right."

      "Tell me more about Sid."

      "Right now? I can't think straight this way."

      "Tell me what Sid does to you."

      "Oh, Jesus. What Sid did -- the worst thing he did, the thing it took me
longest to submit to -- and that I can't truly accept even now -- though I do
-- what can I do -- Sid -- I -- I'm not -- I'm nobody, okay? I'm nothing. I
have no self any more. Sid did that, that's what Sid did to me, Sid made me a
thing. I can't have any will of my own. Sid is my will. My mind, my brain. I
don't control my own life. I have no life. My life is Sid's. Sid took away my
humanity. I'm not a human, with a life. I'm an object. I'm a toy for Sid. Sid
took my humanity. I'm dead, is what I am. My body is alive, my body is a
plaything for Sid. For you. For anybody Sid gives me to. But I'm dead."

      "You're crying."

      "No shit."

      "I like it. Tell me more."

      "David, I'm hurting. It hurts so much. Let me loose and I'll --"

      "Keep talking, Nancy."

      "When Sid first met me he said he would break my spirit. I'm

      gonna break you, girl, he said. Just like that. I told him to go fuck
himself. But by god, he did it. It took him a long time, but he was right. He
broke me, he took my spirit. He broke me down, and then he broke me in. And now
I'm a toy. David, I'm hurting. A lot."

      "I know. I can see you breathing harder. Almost panting, actually. Your
breasts moving up and down. It's wonderful."

      "But it's so painful. Please untie me now, David."

      "I can't."

      "Why?"

      "You're turning me on. With your pain. I love the way you squirm just a
little, trying to shift your position. But you can't. I love looking at that
outspread, outstretched body, twitching and so helpless. I could watch this all
night long."

      "I couldn't stand it. I'd probably faint."

      "I'll bet I could find ways to wake you up, Nancy. What do you think?"

      "I'm sure of that."

      "I'm very excited right now. I want to fuck you like crazy."

      "All right, David. Then do it. Untie me and fuck me. I'll make it good
for you, I swear, I'll wrap my legs around you  and --"

      "Shut up, Nancy. Tell me about what Sid does."

      "God, I told you, what --"

      "How does Sid hurt you? Specifically. Physically. In detail. That's what
I want to hear."

      "Sid likes hearing me scream, that's what Sid likes. Making me scream for
him."

      "I'd like that too."

      "Please turn me loose, David. I can't take this. Please."

      "Don't you know I have to do things to you?"

      "David -- if there's any way -- anything at all --"

      "I doubt it."

      "David -- listen -- just listen -- think of the worst things you ever
wanted to do to a woman. The lowest, most disgusting, most unimaginable things.
Things you could never even tell anyone, things no girl would begin to
consider. I'll do it for you, David. All of it. Anything. I'll degade myself,
I'll prostrate myself, I'll go to any depths, I'll crawl through the mud. For
you. Anything you want. Please."

      "Does Sid whip you?"

      "Please, David. I beg you. Please."

      "Does Sid whip you, Nancy?"

      "Sometimes."

      "Can I whip you, Nancy?"

      "David --"

      "Can I whip you?"

      "If-If you want to -- yes."

      "I want to, Nancy."

      "Oh."

      "Did Sid tell you to bring a whip?"

      "Yes."

      "Did you bring a whip?"

      "Yes."

      "Is it in your bag?"

      "Yes."

      "But wait. What about this piece of rope. This looks just right. Good
length. Thick enough so it should be painful, but thin enough to be flexible
and whippy. Hear how it whistles throught the air? That should hurt quite a
bit, don't you think?"

      "David --"

      "One damn good way to find out. Do you want it on your breasts? On your
thighs? Or across your stomach? Which?"

      "David, listen -- please --"

      "Nancy."

      "Yes."

      "Do you know what your pleading and begging does to me?"

      "I -- It just -- turns you on, I suppose."

      "That's right, Nancy. And Nancy -- do you actually think, at this point,
that you can possibly conceivably in any way talk me out of whipping you, when
I am so looking forward to it, and with that mouth-wateringly luscious body
lying right there in front of me, naked and pinned down and spread out for my
pleasure? And with both of us knowing that anything you promise to do for me,
anything at all, I can make you do anyway, afterwards? Do you, Nancy?"

      "Oh Christ. Oh Jesus help me. No."

      "Right. Now I asked you a question. I'm going to hit you with this rope,
okay, just to try it out. And since it's such an important test, I'm going to
do it just as hard as I can. Now I'm giving you a choice. Do you want it on
your breasts, your thighs or your stomach?"

      "How can I make a choice like that?"

      "Well, let's put it this way. If you don't, I'll try it out on all three
places, how's that?"

      "My -- my thighs."

      "Thighs, huh? Okay, I can understand that. You figure your thighs are
probably slightly less sensitive than the other parts. Certainly the thought of
this thing whipping into your breasts can't be too pleasant, can it? So I'll
try it across your thighs -- for a start. They certainly look soft and tender
enough to function as good targets. All right now. Are you ready, Nancy?"

      "Damn you. Do it if you're going to."

      "Okay. How's -- this!"

      "Haauugghh! Ahh. Oh -- oh Jesus. Oh god. Christ!"

      "Did that hurt?"

      "Oh Christ, yes, it hurt! It hurt like hell!"

      "I thought so, from the way your body was twisting and jerking around.
You bucked right up off that table, and your

      breasts did a wonderful little bobble, and your legs went all taut and
straining, and god, that was nice. It makes me want to do that again and again
and again and again. And again. And --"

      "Oh stop. Please."

      "All right. But I do have to do this some more. And not just on your
legs."

      "And I -- I can't say anything to stop you?"

      "No."

      "You could -- aahh, ohh god -- you could turn me over, David, and you
could whip my back. My back and my buttocks. Wouldn't you like that?"

      "Nice try, Nancy. Do you realize I haven't touched your breasts yet?
Haven't laid a finger on them. I'm holding back, you see. Using all my will
power. Such magnificently round, tender, sensuous, shapely naked breasts. All
of them standing so high, waiting."

      "David --"

      "How many, Nancy?"

      "David, not that."

      "How many do you think? Fifty?"

      "Please --"

      "No, that many would kill you, and you wouldn't be any fun afterwards.
Thirty?"

      "Ohh dear god, dear god in heaven."

      "I know. A dozen. I nice round dozen, how's that? On your breasts. As
hard as I can. I won't hold back, and after a dozen I'll stop, okay, and we can
have some fun. Okay, Nancy?"

      "I can't take that, David."

      "Yes, you can. You can't do anything else. Can you?"

      "No."

      "Okay. Let's start right now."

      "David --"

      "What?"

      "Have mercy."

      "Does Sid have mercy on you?"

      "No."

      "Don't shut your eyes, Nancy. I want you to see it coming. Okay. This is
-- it!"

      "Aaaaauugghhhhh! Aaaghhh! Augh. Ahh. Ohh. Oh no. Oh. Oh. God. Jesus. Aa."

      "That was nice. That was beautiful."

      "You bastard."

      "Don't say things like that, Nancy. That was just the first one."

      "Please stop, David -- ohh -- it hurts so much, you can't even imagine --
oh Jesus --"

      "That was one, Nancy. Just one."

      "No."

      "Yes. One. How many was that, Nancy? Count it for me. How many?"

      "One."

      "Right. Now I want you to count them for me, okay? Each time I whip you,
you count it off. Okay?"

      "I -- David --"

      "Okay, Nancy?"

      "Yes."

      "That's the girl. Now let's try it again."

      "AHAAAHH! AUUGGHH! ARRRG! Ahaahh. Ohhh. Oh no no no no oh Christ please
oh god I can't don't please please --"

      "How many was that, Nancy?"

      "Two! Two. Christ, two. Oh damn you --"

      "Now I'll tell you what, Nancy. From now on, if you forget to count off
after I whip you, that one won't count, and I'll do it over again. Okay?"

      "Yes. Yes, David."

      "Okay. Good."

      "NO NO AAAAIIIIIIEEEEE!! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Augghh! Ahh. THREE! THREE! Oh
no, oh god help me. I can't, David, ahh, oh it's, I, please stop, David, no
more, please, anything, oh god, please --"

      "Nancy? I'll tell you what. Maybe after this next one I'll take a little
break, okay? A brief hiatus, you might say. Would you like that?"

      "Yes, oh yes, please, David, please, I can't --"

      "All right. But during this hiatus I'm going to think up things for you
to do, to keep me interested, okay?"

      "Anything. Anything you want."

      "Yes, I know. All right. After this."

      "NNNNAAAUUURRRRGGGHHHH! AHAUHAUHAUHAUGGH! Hauh. Hauh. Hauh. Huh. Huh.
Hunh. Hunh. Ahh. Ah. Ahau."

      "You didn't count that, Nancy."

      "Four! Four! I'm sorry. Four!"

      "It's too late now, Nancy. I'll have to do it again."

      "No! No, David, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it was four, it's four, I'm sorry,
please David not again please PLEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHH! FOUR! FOUR! AARRRGGH!
Haugghh. No more no more augghh! ohohohohohohohohoho oh oh oh oh. David.
Please. I'm begging you. AAUU."

      "How beautiful it is. Watching you suffer. Watching that body twisting
and rolling and squirming in such agony. We'll stop now for a while, Nancy. But
we still have eight to go."

      "No. Please. David. Take me. Do anything to me. Only no more."

      "Nancy Collins is begging me to fuck her."

      "Yes. I'll beg all you want. I'll crawl for you."

      "I know you will, Nancy. And I want you now."

      "Untie me."

      "No. You stay that way."

      "But --"

      "I want your mouth. Remember how you said you would use that mouth on me?
How good you said you were with it?"

      "Yes, David. But -- ohh god, I'm in so much pain -- ooo -- But how --"

      "I'll just stand here at this end, Nancy, and if you can scrunch your
body up just a bit, I think you can hang your head back over the edge of the
table, and that way that delicious looking mouth can take me in upside-down.
I'm sure you're just as good that way as right side up. Didn't Sid also train
you in sucking upside- down?"

      "Yes. He did. Sid -- aahh, ah, oh Jesus, ahh -- Sid -- Sid would hang me
by my ankles, with my hands tied behind my back, and make me do it that way.
With him, and with his pals. With my skirt falling down over my head, so they
could play with my bare legs as I was sucking them."

      "Good old Sid."

      "But I -- I can't move. How can I --"

      "Just pull yourself up a bit, that's all. You'll have to stretch that
body a little tighter, but I know you can do it if you put your mind to it."

      "I -- I can't -- I can't do it."

      "Oh. Well, maybe if I was to give you a little more encouragement. With
the whip?"

      "No! David no. You said you'd stop. David, please --"

      "No, Nancy, I said I'd pause. Take a break. And I did. But now this is a
special situation. Do you want to try again, or shall I --"

      "No! No. Wait. I'll do it. I will, I'll do it."

      "I was sure you could, Nancy."

      "Oh -- unnh -- unnhh -- Ohh Jesus -- ahh -- unnhh -- unnhh -- Ah Christ
it's -- I --"

      "That's it, baby, stretch that body. God, what that tension does to you!
Your skin is so tight it's showing all your ribs and stomach muscles and thigh
tendons and Christ, that's sexy!

      "Oh god it hurts oh ahh ohh --"

      "It's like you're on the rack, Nancy, stretched on the rack to the limit
of your endurance. Good girl. Now you can hang your head back -- that's it.
That's just perfect. Open your mouth, Nancy. Thank you. Take it now. Take it
all in. Here it is, I'm putting it in your mouth. All of it. All the way. Oh
yes. Oh that's fine. Oh Christ you are good, yes, Sid's training really paid
off. Take it all. Hold it."

      "Mmmphh. Ngngng."

      "Lick it for me, Nancy. What a fantastic tongue."

      "Mmph. Mm-mphh. Nnnghh."

      "Lovely. I'm going to fuck your mouth now. I'm fucking Nancy Collins's
mouth. Slowly. So slowly. that's fabulous, Nancy."

      "Mmphh. Nghghg. Nnn-nn-nn."

      "I know you're in pain, Nancy. I know your body is aching and your
breasts are on fire and your legs are throbbing and your neck is straining and
you can hardly breathe with my cock down your throat. And I love it. I love it
so much that I'm tempted to give you another lash with the whip while you're
sucking me. What do you think you would do if I did?"

      "NNN-NNN! NGNGNGH! Numph-numph. Ngghh!"

      "You wouldn't bite my cock off, would you? I don't think so. Sid wouldn't
like that, would he? Shall I do that, Nancy?"

      "NNN-NN! Mlmlml. Unngghhh. Unnghh! Unghh!"

      "I think I will."

      "MMMMPHHH! MMMPHH!"

      "Christ, look at you. Just the thought of it makes that body quiver.
That's delicious. And your mouth is quivering too, and Christ it's so good,
your lips and that tongue and I want to come, I'm going to come in your mouth,
come in Nancy Collins's mouth, I'm going to shoot right into your throat, and
you're going to swallow it all, right, Nancy?"

      "MM-MM-MM --"

      "Take it, Nancy, take it now. Now! Ah. Ah. Ahh! Ah Jesus, yes! Swallow,
Nancy, that's it, swallow it, darling, oh yeah, that's it, that's fantastic,
and Nancy's crying, cry for me, Nancy. Swallow. Again. Again. Okay. That's
marvellous. That was just outstanding. Thank you, Nancy."

      "Ggghh -- augghh -- aughh -- hahh-hunhh --"

      "I guess it's time to get back to what we were doing. Let's see, I was up
to five, right?"

      "No! David -- hunh -- no -- unh -- hunh -- hahh -- aughh -- please --
please, David, don't, no, for god's sake, please --"

      "But Nancy, after that terrific blow job you just did for me, I'm all
soft and limp now. I couldn't fuck you this way. So I have to pass the time,
don't I? And this will make me all hard again in no time. That's for sure. And
if I get hot enough, I'll want to take another hiatus and do it to you the
right way. Won't that be nice?"

      "You'll kill me -- ahh -- Not there again. For pity, please, oh don't
please -- augghh -- If you have to whip me, do it someplace else- -"

      "I'd be happy to do that, Nancy, but that would be extra -- it wouldn't
subtract from the eight I still owe you on your breasts. Incidentally, they
look fantastic with those marks all across them. Fantastic."

      "Give me more time, David. Please, oh please, wait a bit more, I can't
stand any more right now, I'll do anything, please --"

      "Tell me more about Sid."

      "Sid?"

      "I love what you told me about his hanging you upside-down and making you
suck off him and his buddies. And about how he trained you and all. I want to
know more. That will pass the time, and will put off my whipping you again --
for a while."

      "Could you -- ahh -- ohh -- ohh god -- could you untie me? Please? Just
for a little while -- David, please, then you can put me back and --"

      "No. No, Nancy. I want you to stay that way. I love watching the pain in
your body, I love listening to your panting and gasping and crying, it's like
music to me."

      "Unnnhh -- annhh -- I can't --"

      "Talk to me, Nancy. Talk about Sid."

      "Sid -- god -- Sid would -- he would use me to entertain all his business
contacts, men Sid was -- unhh -- was cultivating, wining and dining and all. He
would -- unngghh, hanh, hunh -- Christ! Augghh. Uh. Uh. Sometimes Sid would
invite a bunch of these contacts to dinner. A big formal affair, okay? And I
was like the hostess. Ouch! Anh. And -- and Sid would do it all up brown, and I
would have to wear this fancy formal gown and play the elegant mistress of the
manor and all. Oh Jesus, my leg! Oh it hurts, oh you bastard, I can't stand
this, David --"

      "Go on, Nancy. Or should I start the whipping again?"

      "No! All right. All right. Well, the day before this dinner, Sid would
make me do all kinds of stuff with him. Or with his friends. All the things he
could think up -- and Sid could think up an awful lot. And Sid would take
movies of it. All of it. In detail. Color, sound, everything. And then, at the
big dinner, after we finished eating, Sid would show the films. Right there in
the dining room. And I would have to sit there, in my formal gown and all, and
watch with them. Christ! After that, of course, the gown came off. And I was
the dessert. Right on the dining table, usually. Or maybe under it, crawling
around to each man in turn and using my mouth. Oh shit, ohohohoho auhauhauhau.
Nunh nunh arrghh aarrrghhh hau hau hau. What -- no -- David no -- no please no
-- David -- NONONONO HAAAAAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHHH! AIHEE AIIHEEHAU NO CHRIST
AHHH FIVE THAT'S FIVE OHH No no more no ahhh. David no I can't no listen Sid
used Sid Sid would put out cigars

      on my body yes yes David listen I don't want any more Sid you if you want
cigars Sid would make me light it for him, I could never do it my hands
trembled so hard and Sid would laugh and he would burn me with his cigar until
I couldn't talk I couldn't even beg any more and I would scream for him, what
do you no no no ohh Jesus lord all right all right do it I can't stop it oh
Christ Jesus Mary and Joseph all right you bastard son of a bitch do it if HAH!
HAH! HAUH! HAAAUUUHH! ARRRGGHHH! AAAIIIEEEE! Ahahahahahahahaha ahaunh hunh hunh
all right six it's SIX SIX IT'S SIX Christ that's only half David no only half
you can't please please please please."

      "I want to fuck you."

      "Fuck me yes fuck please fuck me I'll fuck for you I'll please."

      "I'm going to fuck Nancy Collins."

      "No."

      "What?"

      "No you can't fuck Nancy Collins -- aughh! -- because -- haugghh! --
Nancy Collins -- huh! -- doesn't exist -- huh -- any more. I -- I -- I'm not --
I'm Sid's toy. You can -- AUGH! -- you can fuck Sid's toy. Fuck me all you
want, David. Arrghh. You'll be fucking Sid's toy."

      "Damn it, well, Sid's toy looks a lot like Nancy Collins to me. It's got
Nancy Collins's body and Nancy Collins's face and it sounds like Nancy Collins
and that's good enough for me right now. I'm about to rip your panties off. So
you'll be naked, Nancy. This should add to your pain."

      "AAAAHH! AUGGHH! UNNGGGH! Oh Christ AAAAAAAIIIIIIIEEEAAAUUUGGGGHHH! AHH!"

      "Lovely, terrific, Nancy naked, just as I always pictured you. Panting
and sobbing and howling in agony. I'm going to take you, Nancy, I'm going to
put myself inside you, I'm going to possess your body, I'm going to be inside
Nancy Collins. Now. Ahh. Ahh. Ahhhhhhh. Holy fucking shit, I'm inside Nancy
Collins.

      Nancy, I'm in you, I'm doing it to you, I'm raping you."

      "I -- I know."

      "And I can do it all I want and you can't do anything about it."

      "That's -- that's right."

      "But it's better than getting whipped, is that it?"

      "Yes."

      "Well, in that case --"

      "No! David no!"

      "Then say that you love me."

      "What?"

      "Say that you love me. And sound like you mean it. And maybe I'll let you
off. Or maybe not."

      "David --"

      "Say it."

      "I love you, David. I love you, I love you very much. Oohh! I adore you,
David, I just adore you, I worship you, I'd do anything for you. AUUGHH!"

      "I'm going to lie down on top of you now. While I fuck you. That should
hurt you some."

      "Anything you want, David. AIEEE! I'm -- I'm your toy for tonight."

      "How's this?"

      "AHHAAAUU! It -- it hurts. God, it hurts!"

      "Yes, I know. I'm crushing your body, and as I fuck you --  like this --"

      "AAAUAUG!"

      "-- it stretches that body still more, and pulls your wrists and ankles
against the ropes."

      "Augh! Aughh! Arrrghh!"

      "Christ, I feel all of that body against me. Your breasts mashing against
my chest. Your straining thighs, trembling, spasming. Your hips, your stomach
--"

      "Hauh. Hauh. Augh."

      "Say it, Nancy."

      "I... love... you. I -- I -- unhh -- love -- aughh -- you -- AAAAA."

      "I want to kiss you, Nancy. I'm going to kiss you on the mouth. And I
want you to kiss me back. Do you understand?"

      "Yes, David. AAAHH."

      "Open your mouth for me. That's it. Now I want you to kiss me back. Put
your tongue in my mouth. Will you do that, Nancy?"

      "Y-yes. Yes, David."

      "Make it good."

      "Mmphh. Mumumunnggh. Mghh. Nungghh. Ggghhh. Rrrrgghh. Mmm.
Mmllmlmlmllungghh. Nmph. Ngngngng. Ullhh. Unnlllhh. Unnn. Unngg. AUGH. AUAGH.
AUGH. MMUMMUMMAUMMGGHH!"

      "I'm coming, Nancy. Coming into you. COMING!"

      "Will you -- will you -- untie me now?"

      "No."

      "Why?"

      "I'm not finished whipping you."

      "I -- I see."

      "What number were we up to again?"

      "Seven."

      "Six more. That should get me hard again, shouldn't it?"

      "Probably."

      "Good. Because I want this body every way I can have it. And I haven't
had your ass yet, have I?"

      "No."

      "Count for me, Nancy."

      "David -- I brought some of Sid's cigars -- Sid made me -- in case you
wanted to use them on me --"

      "Maybe after I finish whipping you."

      "All right, David."

      "I'm going to try to make you scream yourself hoarse this time. Like
this."

      "YAAAIIIYAYAIIYAIIYAYAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAA!
NOOOOOOOHOHOHOHAHASEVENSEVENNONONO. PLEASE NO! YIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!! EIGHT DAVID
EAIGH DON'T NO STOP YOU HARR DIRTY BASTARD HAAAUUUGGGHHH! NINE! NINE NO NINE NO
NONONONONONOTENNNNNNN!"

      "I want you, Nancy. Right -- after -- this!"

      "YEEOOOWWWW. HARRR. HOOO. E-E-E-ELEVEN!"

      "I'm untying you now. Cutting the ropes. Okay, Nancy. Turn over."

      "Oh god it hurts I can't it hurts all right ALL RIGHT! I'm doing it, I
am, oh god it hurts it --"

      "On your stomach. Flat. Now. In your ass."

      "HAUH! UH. Unh. Unh. Unnhh."

      "Up Nancy's ass. Now. Coming."

      "Haughh. Hunh."

      "Roll over."

      "David --"

      "Roll onto your back!"

      "All right."

      "Raise your arms over your head. You have one more coming."

      "David --"

      "What?"

      "Yes, David."

      "Spread out. Stretch that body. Bring those breasts up. Arch your back."

      "Yes, David."

      "This will be twelve. And you can go down on your knees and suck me hard
again."

      "Yes, David."

      "This is for Sid."

      "HAAUUURRRGHHAUHAUHANGNGNGNGNGH!"

      "Kneel."

      "Of course. Master..."

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



                                   SWEET LISA
                                by V.P. Viddler

      "Hi, Lisa."

      "Oh!"

      "Oh Christ!"

      "And Jay. Isn't that nice, boys? Just what we been waiting for. Hold it,
buddy. You're not going anyplace. Just stay still, okay?"

      "What -- what are you doing here?"

      "You look good, Lisa. Damn good."

      "What -- what do you want?"

      "Now that's a dumb question, Lisa. You know what we want."

      "Look --"

      "We want old Jay, that's what. And you too, Lisay baby. Not quite in the
same way, of course."

      "Oh god. Oh my god."

      "Now look, if you three guys think you can --"

      "Shut up, Jay. You're dead, and you know it. But first I want you to
watch me with Lisa here. Okay?"

      "You fucking -- if you --"

      "Fuck, tie him up and shut him up. Okay. Now. Lisa."

      "Oh no... oh god no...  What -- don't -- please --"

      "Lisa, you don't want to die, do you?"

      "Oh my god."

      "You got no choice, Lisa. You do what we tell you. Understand? You can't
do anything, so just go along and don't make a fuss. You might even like it."

      "Bud -- listen -- don't -- don't hurt me -- please --"

      "Shit, we don't want to hurt you, do we, boys? Not if you cooperate. All
right?"

      "I -- What are you going to --"

      "Come on, Lisa, don't act dumb. You know what we're gonna do. Frank and
Ricky and I are going to have a ball with you. You know that. We're gonna put
you through the wringer, baby -- just like you and Jay did to us. Remember?"

      "Bud -- I -- I'm sorry -- I didn't want to --"

      "And old Jay can watch. He'll get a kick out of that, right, Lisa? I know
he digs you. But you'd never give it to him, right? Isn't that right, Lisa?"

      "I -- Oh please, listen, Bud, I --"

      "Damn, you got a great body, Lisa. I'm gonna love doing this. We all are.
Look at you."

      "Please don't hurt me. I -- I'll --"

      "I know you will, Lisa. For all of us. Right? Anything we want. Right,
Lisa?"

      "I --"

      "Say yes, Bud. Go on."

      "Oh. I -- I --"

      "Say it, Lisa. Say, yes, Bud, I will do anything you say. Now."

      "I -- Yes. Yes."

      "Say it all, Lisa."

      "I -- yes, Bud, I -- I -- I will do anything you say."

      "That's fantastic, baby. Now say it again."

      "Oh god -- why are you -- what do you want from me?"

      "Say it."

      "All right. All right. Yes. Yes, Bud, I will -- I will do -- anything you
say."

      "Why are you crying, Lisa? You don't have to cry. Not that I mind. It's
kind of nice."

      "You -- you bastard."

      "What did you say?"

      "Bastard! Filthy bastard!"

      "Frank."

      "Yeah?"

      "Hit her."

      "No -- No -- Ah! Ahh! Oh ahhh..."

      "What did you say, Lisa?"

      "All right. All right. I -- I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I won't --"

      "Lisa, enough of this shit. Let's get to it. Strip down, boys. That's it.
How do we look, Lisa? Getting hot?"

      "Bud -- please --"

      "What? What, Lisa?"

      "Have --"

      "Have what? Pity? Like you had for me?"

      "I beg you."

      "Good. You do that. Beg me."

      "I'm begging, please --"

      "On your knees."

      "What?"

      "That's right. Go down on your knees, Lisa. Kneel. Right down."

      "I --"

      "Frank."

      "No!"

      "Do what I say. On your knees. That's it. That's right. That's the way.
Want to beg some more?"

      "I -- it wouldn't do any good."

      "Now you're getting smart. Look what I've got for you, Lisa baby."

      "Oh god."

      "Crying again? That's so pretty, isn't it, boys? Lisa on her knees and
crying for us?"

      "Damn, I want to see her naked!"

      "You will, Ricky, don't worry. We'll all get to see plenty of that
gorgeous body. Right, Lisa? Jay too. Jay's probably never seen Lisa naked. A
last treat for him, right, Lisa? Cry all you want, I don't care. Just as long
as it doesn't get in the way of you doing other things. Like what you're gonna
do for me now. Look at this, Lisa. Look how big and stiff it is. You like it?"

      "Oh. Oh god."

      "Kiss it, Lisa. Kiss it. Come on. YOu don't want Frank to hurt you. I
know that. You'll be nice. Right? Ah...  Kiss it. Yes. Kiss. Kiss. That's it.
Oh yeah, that's it, Lisa. Those soft lips. Kiss it again. Don't stop. Kiss it
for me. All over. How's this, boys? Does this look good or what? It feels
fantastic, I can tell you that."

      "Make her lick it. I want to see her tongue on it."

      "You heard that, Lisa. Lick it. Lick it good."

      "Oh shit. Look at that."

      "Man, I can't wait."

      "You're making Frank and Ricky all hot, Lisa. Kneeling that way and
licking my dick and crying. Open your mouth, Lisa. Open it. You know what I
want. I want my prick in that mouth. That's it. Take it in. That's right. In.
Oh, that's just fabulous. Do it, Lisa. Do it for me. Suck it. Yes. Nice and
slow. Now you know, Lisa, right? Now you see what you are. Don't stop sucking,
Lisa. All that crying does exciting things to your mouth. I love it. It's so
sweet, Lisa. But I can't go on doing this, Frank and Ricky will kill me if I
don't let them at you. Stop now. Thank you, Lisa. Okay, boys. What now?"

      "I want her naked."

      "Frank wants to see your naked body, Lisa. So do I. Stand up. Poor baby,
you're shaking. Look how Lisa is shaking. Lisa?"

      "Wh-what?"

      "Strip, Lisa. Strip for us. Okay? Take all your clothes off. You hear me,
Lisa?"

      "I -- yes."

      "Will you do that for us, Lisa? Hmm?"

      "Why are you doing this?"

      "Will you?"

      "You know I will, oh god, you know I can't -- I can't --"

      "Lisa?"

      "I'll do it, please, just don't -- don't hurt me, don't -- I will, I'll
do what you want, I'll do what you say, just --"

      "That's fine, Lisa darling, that's just fine. Stand over here, Lisa.
Right here, that's it, right in front of us. Right in front of all of us. So we
can all watch. Jay can watch too. But you stand right in front of us, that's a
good girl. Now strip, Lisa. Slowly. Strip that body bare, for us guys who you
thought you got rid of. Strip. That's a good girl. Undo that shirt. All the
way. And pull it off."

      "Oh shit, look at that!"

      "Drop it, Lisa. A black bra, that's very sexy."

      "Make her take it off."

      "No, damn, I want to rip it off her myself!"

      "Now calm down, boys. I want Lisa to take it all off for us first, okay?
Then if you want we'll make her put it all back on and we'll rip it off again.
You'll do that if we want to, won't you, Lisa."

      "Yes."

      "Yes, Bud."

      "Yes, Bud."

      "See? How about the skirt now. Take it off, Lisa."

      "Christ on a crutch, look at those legs!"

      "Yes, Lisa's legs. Fabulous. Fabulous."

      "I can't wait to get them around my waist, man!"

      "You will, Ricky. Won't he, Lisa?"

      "Damn you!"

      "Lisa?"

      "Yes."

      "What?"

      "Yes, Bud. Yes, he will."

      "We all will."

      "Yes, Bud. You all will."

      "Off with the bra, Lisa."

      "Oh god, I can't stand it!"

      "Off, Lisa, that's it. Let it go. Ah. Oh yes."

      "God, look at them."

      "Your breasts are marvellous, Lisa. So round and high and naked."

      "I want to pull them right off her."

      "Isn't that quaint of Frank, Lisa? It's his way of complimenting you.
Say, thank you, Frank."

      "I -- Thank you, Frank."

      "Just the pants now, Lisa. And you'll be all naked and ready. Pull them
down. Go on. Down. All the way. Lovely. Kick them off. Okay. Just stand there a
minute, Lisa. Stand and let us all look at you. Turn around. All around.
Slowly. Isn't that something."

      "Okay, who's first?"

      "I'm not pushy. Who do you want to fuck first, Lisa?"

      "I -- I --"

      "I can't hear you, Lisa."

      "I don't --"

      "How about all of us at once. How does that sound, Lisa?"

      "Come on, let's do it for Christ sake!"

      "Okay, Frank. If you're that anxious, I'll let Lisa do you first."

      "All right!"

      "Lie down on the floor. On your back. I want Lisa to do the work. I want
her to do it all. Okay, Lisa? You'll do it to us, it'll be so much nicer than
just letting us do it to you. Right?"

      "I -- if you -- if that's what you want."

      "That's what I want. And now I want you to go down on your knees again.
That's right. Now get on all fours. Hands and knees. Lovely. Oh, I like you
that way, Lisa. Crouching like that, like an animal. A little cralwing animal.
With your body all bowed, and your breasts hanging, and your fantastic thighs
straining, and your soft yellow hair tumbling around your face. And now, Lisa,
I want you to crawl for us."

      "Oh god."

      "I want to watch you crawling, Lisa. Go on. Yes. Crawl to Frank. Crawl
all the way over to him, that's right. Is that a sight?"

      "You can stop right there, baby. You know what I want."

      "I think Frank wants your mouth, Lisa. You'll suck him real nice, okay?
The way you did me. Won't you, Lisa?"

      "Yes. All right. All right. All right."

      "Oh Jesus! Oh shit Christ oh momma my god that's -- shit oh damn it's
good, Jesus it's fantastic! Christ, don't stop, baby, just go on doing that --
ahh ah ah."

      "That's fine, Lisa, but I think you can try harder, don't you?"

      "Mmm -- Mmphh --"

      "Fuck, she's doing great!"

      "I know, but I want her to take that big thing all the way in. Swallow
it, Lisa."

      "Shit Christ shit!"

      "Lisa -- I can't see your face. Push your hair back."

      "Nngghh. Mphh."

      "That's it, that's much better. Now I can see your mouth. Look at Lisa's
luscious sexy mouth stuffed with Frank's big hard prick. Watch her sucking on
it, taking it down her throat. Do it, cocksucker."

      "Shit, I'm gonna -- Stop, damn it, I'm gonna --"

      "Do it, Frank."

      "But I want to fuck this bitch."

      "You will. Don't worry about that. We'll all have her, any way we want.
Again and again. Right, Lisa?"

      "Mnnngghhh..."

      "I -- I'm --"

      "Do it, Frank. Right in her mouth. Right down her throat. And you swallow
it, Lisa. Every last drop. Swallow it down."

      "Nnnghhh! Gghhh."

      "Swallow, Lisa."

      "Ah! Ah! Ah1 Shit!"

      "All of it. Swallow. Yes. That's it. Again, swallow again. Again. Good
girl."

      "Hunhh. Hunnhhh. Aggghh. Hooghh. Unnhh. Unnh. Unh."

      "Your turn, Ricky."

      "I want to fuck her."

      "Lisa will fuck you. Lie down. Lisa, fuck him."

      "Uh."

      "Now! Crawl right on top of him and do it to him good."

      "Want me to help her, Bud?"

      "No! All right. I -- I'm -- all right."

      "That's it. Right on top of him. Look how stiff he is from watching you
sucking Frank off. Put him in, Lisa. Right inside you."

      "Ohh that's so fucking --"

      "Down, Lisa. Take him into that beautiful body. All the way. Down."

      "Oh. Oh."

      "Now move, baby. Do it to him."

      "Ah ah ah ah."

      "I want a picture of this."

      "No!"

      "Oh yes, Lisa. Lots of pretty photographs."

      "Oh no, oh god --"

      "Don't stop moving, Lisa. Go faster now. Faster. That's it. Hard. Twist
that body. How is it, Ricky?"

      "Christ, it's out of sight! What a soft sweet pussy she's got."

      "I'm sure. I'll find out. We'll all find out. Won't we, Lisa?"

      "Ahh..."

      "Lisa?"

      "Y-yes. Yes."

      "I'm coming shit take this bitch now now Jesus auurrrrggghhhhhh!"

      "Lisa?"

      "What?"

      "Will you fuck me now?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "Yes, Bud. I'll fuck you now."

      "Will you suck my cock again?"

      "Yes, Bud. I will... suck your cock again."

      "You're just a little cocksucker, aren't you, Lisa?"

      "I -- Yes."

      "Say it."

      "I -- I'm -- I'm just a little cocksucker."

      "You know what I want to do, Lisa?"

      "No."

      "I want to fuck you in the ass."

      "Nnn."

      "Say it. Tell me what I'm going to do to you."

      "You -- you -- You're going to fuck me in the ass."

      "Go suck Frank again."

      "I -- but --"

      "Do it. Suck him until you get him hard again. I don't care how long it
takes. You do it. Okay?"

      "I -- yes, Bud."

      "All right. Frank, is Lisa doing it well? Is she using that busy little
tongue on your dick?"

      "Shit, it's fucking working!"

      "Lisa, I want you to fuck Frank this time. First you'll make him all hard
and stiff with your lovely mouth and then you can crawl on top and give him a
great fuck. And as Frank is fucking that sweet pussy, I'll take you up that
fine round ass. All right, Lisa?"

      "Augghhh. Nnghhaugghh."

      "Okay, baby bitch, fuck me now. Right up here, oh yeah. Christ your
thighs are smooth as silk. Put it in, baby. In."

      "Oh. I I I --"

      "Nice and steady, Lisa darling. Do it for him. Slowly now. Slow and
sweet. Your breasts bouncing so nicely. Push your hair back so I can watch that
sexy panting face. How do you like it, Lisa? Hmm? How does it feel to be
fucking old Frank, all naked and all, and having just sucked him and Ricky and
me too. All us guys you tried to dump. How is it, Lisa?"

      "Oh god, oh god."

      "Is it getting to you, Lisa? Is it? You starting to get hot maybe? Hmm?
Frank's big dick stirring you up, is it? No? Too bad. I want you, Lisa. Bad.
I'm gonna fuck you now. Lisa. I told you I would. Didn't I? Remember?"

      "Yes."

      "Tell me about it."

      "You -- you said you would fuck me."

      "And you spat at me. Didn't you?"

      "Yes."

      "You won't spit at me now, will you, Lisa?"

      "No."

      "What a body. This soft skin. Soft firm tits. They feel fabulous. Pink
damn nipples and all. Bend forward, Lisa darling. Don't stop fucking Frank,
just lean forward, that's it. What an ass. And what a pretty little asshole,
Lisa. Oh yes, Lisa."

      "Ahh! Oh god, ahh! No! Ahhh Jesus ohh ahh! Unnhh. Unnhhh. Uh. Aughh."

      "God, that's tight. Tight tight tight. Ah. How's that? How is that,
Lisa?"

      "I can't I -- I can't -- I --"

      "Oh yeah sure you can. Okay? Fuck us, Lisa. How is this, Lisa? Both of us
taking you. Both of us fucking your luscious goddam body."

      "Unnhh. Unnh. Oh god. It -- it's too -- it hurts --"

      "That's good, Lisa. If it hurts -- I'll do it harder."

      "Ahh! Christ!"

      "Fuck the shit out of her, Frank."

      "I am, I am!"

      "Ahh. Ahh. Unnnngghh. Oh. Oh oh ah ah ah."

      "I think it's getting to you, Lisa. Right?"

      "No. No. Ah ah ahh Jesus ah."

      "Hey, Frank, I think old Lisa is turning on."

      "No. No."

      "Faster, Lisa? Like this? Hmm?"

      "Arrghh. Ah! I -- Oh god, I --"

      "Let me grab those breasts. You dig that, Lisa?"

      "Oh no --"

      "Those tits squeeze so fine. Just -- fine."

      "Ah. Ah ah ahh. Oh god."

      "Lisa -- I think you're turning on."

      "I -- I'm not --"

      "No? You sure?"

      "Ahh yes ah ohh what what do what are you --"

      "Turning on, Lisa, you like this, both of us inside you, fucking the shit
out of you, you're digging it now, Lisa."

      "No! No I -- I'm -- I don't -- please --"

      "This, baby, this is what you like, this."

      "No. Don't. Don't. Please oh please."

      "This, Lisa. Do it, Frank. It's getting her."

      "Nnnooo -- noo -- nn -- Stop -- please stop --"

      "This, Lisa, this this this this this this."

      "Oh stop oh ah no I no I don't no please stop Jesus!"

      "This. This. Hunh? This."

      "Oh ah ahh oh ahh no I don't want I don't want it please."

      "How about this, Frank. You watching, Ricky? Our Lisa's gonna make it."

      "No!"

      "Lisa's gonna come, right, Lisa?"

      "No! No! Ahh! ahh ah ah ah arrrgghh oh no oh no please no."

      "Yes, Lisa. You're gonna do it. It's got you, baby. You love it. This is
what Lisa loves. This and this and this."

      "Ahh! Ahhh! Ah ah ah oh no please no stop please I don't ahhhh ahh augh
oh no --"

      "Yes, Lisa. Come on, Lisa. Come for us. Come for all of us. You want it.
Do it."

      "I don't I don't no oh don't oh you bastard oh you filthy oh ah ah I
can't I can't I'm --"

      "Come, Lisa darling, come for us, come, Lisa."

      "I can't oh Christ stop please stop please yes no I I I aghh aagghh Jesus
help me ARR AGGHH ah ah ah I'm I can't no please AH! AAGHH! Aughh! Unhhh!
Unnnhhh! Aaahh! OH GOD OGOD OGOD UNNNGGGHHHH. Aaaaauuuuuugghhh HAUH HAUH HAUH!
AA Arrrrrghhh. Oh. Oh. God. Oh. You. Jesus. I. Bastard. I."

      "Nice going, Lisa. You came."

      "Christ."

      "You'll do it again."

      "No."

      "No?"

      "Oh god."

      "Come on. Help me. That's it. You dig it now all right."

      "Oh Christ, oh it's -- I'm --"

      "Again? Again, Lisa?"

      "Again. Again. Again! AGAINNNNNNNNNnnnnnnn."

      "What a bitch. Say it, Lisa. Say it."

      "A bitch. I'm a bitch."

      "A cocksucking, cock-loving bitch."

      "A -- a cocksucking, cock-loving bitch. Oh my god, you bastard, do it, do
that AARRR."

      "Lisa."

      "Ah. What. Ah."

      "Poor Ricky is all left out."

      "I -- I want --"

      "Lisa, can Ricky stick his cock in your mouth?"

      "I --"

      "Ask him, Lisa. I'll do this for you. This, Lisa."

      "Yes. Yes yes oh ahh ahh."

      "Ask Ricky to join us, Lisa. So you can have all of us at once. All of us
using your lying little tramp's body."

      "Ohh -- do it. Do it! Ricky -- Ricky, do it --"

      "Do what? Ask him nice, Lisa."

      "I -- oh please Ricky please do it, put put your cock in my mouth AH
Ricky let me suck it for you please Ricky AHH please Christ please put it in my
mouth I want Ahh! Ahh! I want it allll ALLLLLLLLL unnnhhh."

      "What a hot little goddam whore you are, Lisa. Do it, Ricky. Stick it in
the bitch's mouth."

      "Ummpphh. Mggnnhhh. Mphphph."

      "Now. Now Lisa. All of us. All of us fucking you, taking you, screwing
you."

      "Gaghh hunnghh. NN NNNGGHHH."

      "Making it again, Lisa? Watch this, Jay. Look how Lisa loves this. You
want her?"

      "NNNNNNNN."

      "Take it, Lisa. Slut. Cunt. Bitch. Take it all."

      "GAHAHAHAHAHHHGGGGHH!"

      "On her face, Ricky. Splash it all over that lying bitch face."

      "Ahh Ah ah ah ah.."

      "Up your ass, Lisa. Right now."

      "UNH."

      "How about it, Frank?"

      "Right away. Right -- now --"

      "Ohh god."

      "Lick this, Lisa."

      "Oh."

      "Lick it, lick the shit off my cock, Lisa."

      "All right. I am, I am. Yes. Yes. Oh god I -- I didn't. Oh god."

      "Lisa."

      "What?"

      "I want you to take care of Jay now."

      "I -- I --"

      "Lisa?"

      "Yes."

      "Jay is waiting. I'll take his gag away and you can be nice to him, okay?
A last good time for old Jay. Go on, Lisa. Go to him."

      "All right. All right, Bud. Jay?"

      "It's all right, Lisa. Jay's just shy. What I want you to do is to suck
on Jay's dick for him, until he's all ready for you, and then you can fuck him.
Do it, Lisa. Just do it."

      "Jay -- Jay, I --"

      "You bitch!"

      "Jay, I --"

      "You fucking bitch!"

      "Jay --"

      "You liked it!"

      "I -- Jay, I --"

      "You loved it, you whore! Get away, get away from me."

      "Jay, I -- I'm sorry. Jay, I -- I couldn't help it, Jay. I couldn't help
myself. I -- I just --"

      "Go away!"

      "Jay -- I -- I'm sorry."

      "Suck him, Lisa."

      "I'm sorry."

      "No. Don't. Stop."

      "Jay -- I'm sorry --"

      "That's my girl. Take it all. How's that, Jay."

      "No."

      "Jay --"

      "Suck, Lisa."

      "Mnnnghh."

      "Just enjoy it, Jay. It'll be your last."

      "Bastards!"

      "Isn't Lisa good with her mouth? Want her to fuck for you now? I'm doing
you a big favor. I know you could never get to Lisa on your own. But look at
her now, sucking your dick. Lisa, you can fuck him now."

      "No. For god's sake, Lisa."

      "Jay. I can't -- I'm sorry. Let me --"

      "Get away."

      "Jay -- I'm --"

      "That's it, Lisa. Do it. Down. All the way."

      "Jay --"

      "Move, Lisa."

      "Jay, I'm sorry, Jay, take me, just enjoy me, Jay. I'll try to be good
for you, I -- I'm --"

      "Twist for him, Linda, that's right, wriggle that ass, squirm that body.
Wrap those luscious legs right around him and press that gorgeous body against
him. Good, Lisa? Good, Jay?"

      "Christ I I I I no please Lisa --"

      "Jay do it oh do it oh ah it's arrrggghh."

      "Hah! Hah! Hah!"

      "Jay."

      "Off, Lisa. That was fine. What a sweet hot thing. It's just too damn bad
we have to kill you, Lisa."

      "No! No! Bud, no! Please, I did what you wanted, I did it all, Bud for
god's sake --"

      "Sorry, baby."

      "No! Bud, listen, I'll -- I'll do anything, anything, any time you want,
I --"

      "But you have to be punished, Lisa."

      "Punish me. Yes. All right. Punish me, do anything to me, just don't kill
me, please --"

      "Anything?"

      "Hurt -- hurt me if you --"

      "I'd like that, Lisa. A lot."

      "Do it. Hurt me."

      "Frank."

      "Oh god."

      "Lisa. Go to Frank and tell him you want him to punish you."

      "All right. All right. Frank. Here I am. Punish me. Do anything to me.
Anything."

      "Kiss him, Lisa."

      "Mmmm."

      "Light me a cigarette, Lisa."

      "Ahh. God. Frank."

      "Lisa?"

      "All right, Frank. I'm doing it. I -- here it is."

      "I'm going to burn you, Lisa."

      "I -- yes. All right, Frank."

      "Kiss me again."

      "Mmmmmaaauuuuggghhh! Arrrrraaahhh! Aunnhh."

      "Don't stop. Kiss me."

      "Ummpphh. Hmmgh."

      "Look at Lisa shake. Look at Lisa cry."

      "Give me your breast, Lisa."

      "Frank -- please."

      "What."

      "Nothing, Frank. Anything you say. I'm yours."

      "Your breast. That's it. Stand still, Lisa. Stand very still. Now."

      "Haugghhhh hauh hauh aaaaiiiiaaahh."

      "Again, Lisa."

      "Kill me. Bud. I'll be your slave. Make me fuck for all your friends.
Make me suck anybody. Call them all up. I'll do it for all of them, I'll do
anything."

      "All right, Lisa. I want you to go out in the hall, naked, and the first
man you see I want you to bring him in here and fuck him. Okay?"

      "Yes, Bud."

      "And then I'm going to let you kill Jay."

      "No!"

      "Frank?"

      "All right all right all right I'll do it I'll kill him I will I'll kill
him yes and I'll bring in any man and I'll suck him and fuck him and I'll crawl
for him..."

      "SWEET LISA..."




                                   THE ANIMAL
                                by V.P. Viddler

      The note said: "You will suck this man off on your knees in the middle of
your office."

      Jill saw that it was Morris's handwriting. Naturally.

      The man who had handed Jill this note stood now in front of her desk,
saying nothing. He was big and bald and grossly fat, with a face like that of a
pig.

      Jill felt faint.

      Morris.

      If she could only --

      Jill swallowed, hard. Without looking at the man, she said, trying to
hold her voice steady, "I suppose you know what this says."

      "Yeah," the man said.

      Jill took a long breath, trying to stay calm, to hold back any tears, to
stop her body from shaking with rage and shame and hatred and humiliation.

      Not that Morris hadn't pulled stunts like this before. Not that Morris
would not do it again. Morris thought up all kinds of things for Jill to do, to
show her how much power he had over her, to show her how he could grind her
into dust, to show how far Jill had to degrade herself for him, to act as his
plaything, a toy for him to- -

      Jill pushed a button on her intercom. "JoAnn. No calls."

      "Yes, Miss Nillson."

      Jill sat still for a long moment. Then she said, "Lock the door."

      The man went to the office door and did so. Jill stood up, moving slowly
around her desk. Jill was wearing a blue silk blouse and a tan skirt which came
to her knees. At least Morris's note had not said anything about having to
undress for him. Swallowing again, Jill walked to the center of her office,
conscious of the man's eyes on her body, conscious of her round breasts taut
against the tight blouse, of her slim, supple calves (no stockings -- she
didn't wear stockings) rippling as she moved, the snug skirt outlining the
sensuousness of her thighs, as she came to where he stood, waiting.

      Jill stood in front of him. She tried to look him in the eyes, but could
not. Jill took another breath and sank down to her knees on the floor.

      The man did nothing, but stood waiting. Jill had to open his fly and pull
out his phallus, which was hard with anticipation. Jill bowed her head and took
it slowly into her mouth.

      The man grunted.

      Jill began to suck him.

      She knew she had to do a good job, to make it enjoyable for him, for
Morris would certainly ask him all about it, and if Morris was not satisfied
that Jill had given it all she had -- Jill did not want to think about that. So
she did it slowly, carefully, making it good for him, licking at that stiff
phallus with her tongue as she sucked it, moving her soft mouth around on him
as her head bobbed slowly up and down, taking him all the way into her mouth
until she almost gagged as the tip of it stuck in her throat.

      The man was grunting, grunting, loudly, rhythmically. Still Jill did what
she had to do, gradually sucking faster, trying to coordinate her rhythm with
the rising tempo of his grunting. Morris could keep her sucking him for hours
if he wanted to, but this man was swiftly losing his control. Obviously he was
going to climax in her mouth. Must she swallow it? Morris's note had not said
that, but probably, she thought despairingly, it was automatically assumed that
she would know that that was what she must do. So as the fat man arched his
body, pushing his hips forward, shoving his crotch hard against her face, and
his gism spurted out into her throat as his piggish grunts turned into a shout
of ecstasy, Jill took it all, swallowing it down, gulping to keep pace with the
gobs of copious gism that shot from his spasming phallus into her docilely
accepting mouth.

       Jill Nillson sat again at her desk in her office at McKnight and Dallis
Publishing Company, of which she was an associate. Jill was twenty-four, tall,
with long brown hair, slim but with a lusciously rounded body, full breasts and
long shapely legs. Looking at her, with her soft pretty face and air of
authority and control, nobody could have thought of her as she had been that
morning, kneeling on the floor with her mouth full of a stranger's phallus, at
the command of a man she loathed.

      Jill's intercom sounded.

      "Yes, JoAnn?"

      "Miss Nillson -- Arthur wants to see you. Shall I send him in?"

      "Arthur?" Arthur was McKnight and Dallis's office boy, a gangling,
grinning youth, with whom Jill had never had much to do. "All right."

      Arthur soon was in the room, closing the door behind him. "You got a
minute, Miss Nillson?" Grinning.

      "Of course, Arthur. Sit down."

      Arthur sat. Jill waited, but Arthur just sat and said nothing.

      "Is there something I can do for you, Arthur?"

      "Yeah," Arthur said. "There sure is, Miss Nillson."

      "What is it?" Jill said, puzzled and a bit annoyed.

      "I'll tell you," Arthur said. "You can do for me just what you did for
that guy you had in here this morning."

      Jill, staring at him, felt her stomach turn over. "What?" she said
faintly.

      "For a start," Arthur said.

      Jill's head was swimming. She had to get hold of her mind. "What -- what
are you talking about?"

      "Come on now, Miss Nillson. You know, all right. I saw you, you know."

      "You -- you saw --"

      "That's right. All of it. And damn, it looked good, too," Arthur said,
grinning.

      "I --" Jill said. "I -- wait -- I don't --"

      "You didn't know about the setup, did you?" Arthur said. "Not many do any
more. It was put in way back. But I know, okay?"

      "Set up?"

      "I watch all the time," Arthur said. "But till now I didn't see anything
much. But you just never know, right?"

      Jill was faint. "You -- you watched -- you saw --"

      "Right. But don't worry, Miss Nillson. I'm gonna keep it to myself, okay?
I'm a clam, and you can count on that. As long as you're nice to me."

      "What? Why, you -- you filthy --  Are you trying --"

      "Now calm down," Arthur said. "It's not like you're a virgin, Miss
Nillson."

      "You get out of here," Jill said. "Right now."

      "Not so fast," Arthur said. "What if I go talk to Mr. Dallis about this,
hmm? I'll bet even old McKnight would be fascinated. How long do you think
you'd be working here, Miss Nillson?"

      "You filthy bastard!" Jill said. "You can't blackmail me! Who do you
think you are? Nobody will believe a damn thing you say about me. You scum! Did
you really think I would -- for you --"

      "I guess," Arthur said, "you didn't know about the camera either, did
you?"

      "Camera?"

      Now Arthur got up, taking something from his jacket pocket, walking
toward the cabinet on one wall, fiddling with her VCR machine. "Watch," Arthur
said.

      In a moment Jill sat frozen as an image appeared on the screen --  it was
her, standing in front of the fat man. Now she was going down onto her knees.
Now she was undoing his fly. And now she was taking him into her mouth and --

      "Oh god!" Jill said. "Oh dear god, no!"

      "Good picture, isn't it?" Arthur said.

      "Stop it!" Jill said. "Turn it off!"

      "But it's so great," Arthur said. "I don't want to stop watching it. God,
look at that!"

      Jill, shaking, wanted to go and turn it off herself, but she couldn't; as
if paralyzed, she had to sit there and watch herself sucking that fat pig's
penis, watch as Arthur was watching, watch that bobbing head, that moving
mouth, that kneeling, servile body.

      "Stop it," Jill said, choking, almost panting. "Please. Please stop it."

      "No way," Arthur said, and Jill hid her eyes with her hand, but still she
could hear the sound, the grunting sounds from the man, and other laborious
sounds from herself. Until again the fat man shouted his climax, and Jill in
spite of her shame found herself gazing again at the sight of her, gulping,
abasing herself, as his gism shot into her throat.

      "Christ!" Arthur said. "Look at that! Look how you're swallowing it all!
Christ!"

      And Arthur now took the tape back, putting it away again in his pocket.
Jill couldn't speak, couldn't do anything.

      "Now," Arthur said. "If I was to show this thing to Dallis or McKnight,
okay? Or maybe take it to the gossip columnists or --  hell, I can think of all
sorts of people who would love to --"

      "What -- what do you want?" Jill said.

      It was not a very bright question.

      "I told you, Miss Nillson," Arthur said. "I want what he got. And a lot
more."

      "You filthy son of a bitch," Jill said softly.

      "I think I'm going to have a lot of fun with you, Miss Nillson. Say --
can I call you Jill now? I mean, since we're going to be so close and all."

      "Now, wait," Jill said. "If -- if you think you can just blackmail me
into --  Oh, no. No."

      "Okay," Arthur said. "I'm sorry about that, Jill, but a lot of people are
going to be damn happy about it. At least I'll probably get rich with this
tape. So long, Miss Nillson." Arthur got up and went to the door.

      Jill said nothing.

      Arthur put his hand on the doorknob, turning it.

      Jill sat very still.

      Arthur pulled the door open.

      "Wait," Jill said.

      Arthur closed the door again and turned to look at Jill. Jill was
trembling. There was a long pause. And finally Jill said, "Lock the door."

      Jill saw a triumphant glitter in Arthur's eyes. She felt cold.

      "Ask me," Arthur said.

      "What?" Jill was confused.

      "Ask me to do that, Jill," Arthur said.

      "Ask you --"

      "Ask me to lock the door. Ask me nicely. In fact, beg me to do it."

      "Now wait --"

      "Beg me, Jill," Arthur said. "On your knees."

      Jill sat still. "What are you -- you bastard --"

      "I'm waiting," Arthur said.

      Jill almost said no. But she didn't.

      After a long moment she got up from her chair, and walked slowly around
to the side of her desk. She bit at her lip, her hands clenching into fists.
Then, slowly, Jill sank down to her knees.

      "Please," Jill said, hating him, hating herself for giving in to this
degradation. "I beg you. Lock the door."

      Arthur did so.

      Now, Jill thought, he'll want what he saw on the tape. But Arthur moved
back to his chair in front of her desk, and sat  down.

      "I like you that way, Jill," Arthur said, grinning. "You really look sexy
like that. But we'll go back to that. Right now I want to see your body. All of
it."

      "You're scum," Jill said.

      "Now, Jill," Arthur said. "What I want you to do right now is to sit up
here on the desk. Okay?"

      Jill got up slowly. "Look," she said. "If I do this -- if I do what you
want -- will you give me that tape and --"

      "No bargains, Jill," Arthur said. "You're not in a bargaining position,
okay? You just be a good girl and do what I tell you, and as long as you do
this tape will stay with me. Okay?"

      "But -- but you can't just -- blackmail me forever!"

      "Can't I?"

      "Oh, god. Look, if you --"

      "I'm tired of talking, Jill. Maybe we can talk about this later. If
you're a good girl. Okay? Now I want you to sit up here on the edge of this
desk, facing me. Go on."

      "Bastard," Jill said. But she did it, sitting on her desk, facing him.
Arthur slid his chair closer to her, until her lower legs, dangling from the
desk's edge, almost touched his knees. Now Arthur took one of her legs in his
hand, placing it on his lap, pulling off her shoe.

      "Now this is nice," Arthur said, and he ran his hand slowly up Jill's
curving calf all the way to her knee. "This is what I call nice." His hand slid
further up, onto her thigh, going under her skirt, stroking the soft, smooth
skin on the inside of her thigh. Jill flinched momentarily.

      "Hold still, Miss Nillson," Arthur said softly. "Jill. Just hold still."

      "Damn you," Jill said.

      Arthur's hand continued to touch her thigh, stroking, caressing,
exploring, then moving back down to her calf again.

      "You know what I want now, Jill?" Arthur said.

      Jill said nothing.

      "I want to look at your breasts."

      Jill said nothing. Her hands clutched the desk on both sides of her. Her
body was rigid.

      "You have such fine-looking breasts," Arthur said. "I always wanted to
know what they look like naked. Now I'm going to find out. Isn't that right,
Jill?"

      Jill said nothing.

      "Show them to me," Arthur said.

      "Arthur," Jill said after a moment. "Arthur, look. What if I just -- I
could --"

      "Show them to me," Arthur said.

      "You filthy son of a bitch," Jill said slowly. Then she brought her hands
up to the front of her blouse, and began to unbutton it. The buttons parted one
by one, until the blouse was open. Avoiding Arthur's staring eyes, Jill pulled
it out of her waistband, and then slid it off.

      Arthur's gaze was burning through her black brassiere. "Don't stop,"
Arthur said. "Let me see them."

      "I hate you for this," Jill said, her hands going in back of her, opening
the bra clasps. "I'll kill you for this, I swear it." And she slid the straps
from her shoulders and took the bra off.

      "God damn!" Arthur said. "Aren't they something! Christ, look at those
pretty pink nipples poking out. All stiff and all. Man, what a body. I gotta
see it all. Show it to me, Jill. Just stand up here, right in front of me, and
take it all off, okay?"

      Jill slid off the desk, standing right in front of Arthur's chair. "You
won't get away with this," Jill said. "You won't. I can get back at you,
Arthur. And I will."

      "Jill --"

      Jill took off her skirt.

      "Fantastic legs," Arthur said. "Go on."

      Jill slid her panties down. She was naked.

      Arthur was almost panting now, his gaze moving up and down her body.
"Turn around," Arthur said hoarsely. "Turn around and bend over that desk."

      Not truly realizing what Arthur was planning, Jill did what he said.

      "All the way down, Jill baby," Arthur said, and pushed at Jill's back
until she was bent forward sharply from the hips, with her breasts mashing
against the desk's surface and her buttocks thrusting out and back. But as
Arthur, first unzipping his pants and pulling out his stiffly throbbing penis,
put his hands on those round, firm buttocks and pulled them widely apart, Jill
began to struggle vainly to push him away.

      "No!" Jill said loudly. "No! Not that way!"

      "This way," Arthur said, and Jill could feel his hard tool probing at her
anus.

      "Oh god, not like that, please!" Jill said frantically. "Don't! You
bastard! No!"

      But Arthur was not stopping, and suddenly Jill shrieked in pain as his
phallus forced itself pst her anal sphinctre, and sank slowly but forcefully
into her tight passage. Jill was howling and pounding on the desk with her
fists. As Arthur lunged at her, panting loudly.

      It didn't last long. Arthur gave a mighty shout and shot up into her,
again and again and again. Now he lay across her back, still panting, mashing
her breasts into the hard wood. Jill was crying.

      "Filthy pig!" Jill said, sobbing. "Maggot! I'll have you killed, Arthur,
I swear I will."

      Arthur suddenly stood up, and Jill collapsed to the floor at his feet.
Arthur lay down on his back and said, "Suck it for me, Jill. Suck it real nice,
like you did for that fat guy."

      "Oh god," Jill said. "You are -- please. At least wash it first. Please."

      "No," Arthur said. "You suck it just like it is, Jill darling. All dirty
from your ass. That's gonna make it extra good."

      "I can't," Jill said.

      Arthur took hold of Jill's long brown hair and forcibly pulled her head
to his crotch. "Do it," Arthur commanded, twisting hard at her hair. "Take it
in that sexy mouth and suck on it till it's hard again, and then do it until
you make me shoot down your throat, and then swallow it, just like you did on
that tape. Remember that tape, Jill?" Twisting, twisting at her hair.

      "All right," Jill said, moaning and gasping. "All right! I'll do it!"

      And she did.

      Arthur cried out with joy as that mouth took him in, and Jill, obeying
his commands, used her mouth and lips and tongue on him, licking, tasting,
kissing, sucking, making it last, drawing it out, until Arthur had to spurt it
all into her mouth. And Jill swallowed and swallowed and swallowed.

      But still Arthur was not done.

      "Crawl, Jill," Arthur said. "Crawl for me."

      God, he was worse than Morris. "No," Jill said.

      "Do it," Arthur said.

      "I won't, damn you!" Jill said. "I don't care what you do. You can make
me give you my body. My mouth. But I won't crawl for you. I'm not an animal.
You hear? I'm a human. Not an animal. Not for you."

       But Morris didn't kill Arthur, as Jill had thought he would. Instead,
Morris came to her office and called Arthur in and praised him, as Jill looked
on in horror. And when Morris was told of Jill's refusal to crawl, he told Jill
she must be punished.

      "No!" Jill said. "No. Please. Morris, I --"

      "Stand up, Jill," Morris said.

      Jill stood. Shaking.

      "Please," Jill said.

      Morris was holding his thin, vicious riding crop.

      "Morris, no. Not in front of --"

      "Lift your skirt, Jill."

      "Please, oh please --"

      "Jill. Lift your skirt."

      Jill pulled her skirt high up on her thighs.

      Morris swung his whip and it cracked across Jill's thighs, two inches
above the knees.

      "Ahhh!" Jill said. But didn't let go of her skirt. She knew better.

      Morris swung again. Crack! Higher on her thighs.

      "AAAGGHH!"

      Again.

      "Aaauuugghhh! Stop! Please stop! Please! No more!"

      Crack!

      "AIIIIEEEEE!"

      "Will you crawl for us, Jill?"

      "Oh Jesus god, please --"

      Crack!

      "HAAUUUGGHH! No! Stop! Please stop, oh god, I can't --"

      "Will you crawl for us, Jill?"

      "Yes."

      "Yes what?"

      "I will. I'll crawl, I'll crawl, all right?"

      Crack!

      "HAUUUGHHH! NOOO! I will, I'll crawl, I'll crawl, I'll do it, all right,
I'll crawl for you, please --"

      "Do it, Jill," Morris said.

      And Jill did. Crawling for them on hands and knees, crawling around the
room, debasing herself for them, sobbing.

      Arthur said, "So you're not an animal, huh, Jill? Look at you now."

      "Of course she is," Morris said. "Aren't you, Jill? Tell us."

      "Yes," Jill said.

      "Tell us what you are," Morris said, and slashed the riding crop across
Jill's back.

      "AARRRRGHHH! I'm an animal! I am! I'm an animal! An animal! I am."

      "Jill," Morris said, "from now on I want you to fuck for Arthur any time
he wants you. You understand, Jill?"

      Jill said nothing, but her head bowed in despair.

      "Arthur won't need that tape," Morris said. "You'll do as he says because
I tell you to. Anything he says. You'll fuck him and suck him -- and crawl for
him -- any time he wants, any way he wants. Won't you, Jill?"

      Jill was sobbing. "Yes," Jill said.

      "Tell Arthur you're his slave," Morris said.

      "I'm your slave, Arthur," Jill said.

      "Arthur," Morris said. "Why don't you sit in that chair and we'll have
Jill sit on your lap and fuck you."

      So Arthur sat in the chair, and Jill, following Morris's orders, sat
facing him, straddling his lap, with her curvy legs hanging down on both sides,
and took his stiff tool into her vagina, and began rhythmically to move up and
down on him.

      "Kiss him, Jill," Morris said. "As sweetly and as sexily as only you
can."

      And Jill, swallowing, brought her mouth to Arthur's and kissed him, with
moving lips and probing tongue, panting into his mouth. And Morris said, "Don't
stop fucking, Jill," and struck her across the back with his whip. And Morris
struck again and again and again, whipping Jill mercilessly, as Jill still
moved her body up and down against Arthur's, kissing him, jerking and squirming
and writhing and screaming into his mouth, screaming and bouncing and jamming
that body into him, those breasts squirming, giving him her body, her mouth,
her soul, screaming...




                     THE ASSIGNMENT

                     by V.P. Viddler

                          1

     The restaurant was not too big, not too small. I was

waiting. I was on assignment.

     I saw her come in. Tall. Rangy. Slim, but not in the bosom.

Blonde. Long hair. Wool top. Skirt. Good legs. Firm. Good eyes.

But nervous now. Darting around. She saw me. She knew. I waited.

     She came to my table. Nervous. Scared. She had to take a

long breath before she could say it. "M-Mister Arno?"

     "Miss Davis," I said. "Sit down."

     She did. Her lips trembled. She couldn't look at my eyes.

     I said, "I don't know your first name."

     "It--it's Robin."

     "Robin," I said. "Good."

     "I call you--"

     "Mr. Arno," I said.

     "Oh."

     "How old are you?"

     "Why do you--I--I'm twenty-four."

     "And you know why you are here."

     "I--" Robin swallowed. "I'm--look, I--I don't--"

     "You do," I said. "Say it."

     "I--please--"

     "Say it."

     Robin looked at the table top. "I--"

     "No," I said. "Look at me. Look into my eyes and say it."

     "Oh." Robin swallowed. She raised her head slowly, her eyes

round, her mouth slightly open, breath slightly fast. She looked

at my eyes.

     "Say it."

     "I--I am to be--punished."

     "That's right," I said. And I smiled.

     Robin's eyes dropped. She bit her lip. "What are you going

to--to do to me?" she whispered.

     I said, "I'm going to hurt you, Robin. I'm going to hurt you

very badly. In many ways."

     "Oh!" Robin gasped.

     "That's why I'm here," I said. "That's what I am paid to do.

And that's what I enjoy doing."

     "Enjoy?" Robin said.

     "Oh, yes. I do enjoy my work. A lot. And I'm certainly going

to enjoy it with you, Robin. You're a most attractive lady. It's

going to be a lot of fun. For me."

     Robing was looking at me with naked fright. "No," she got

out.

     I nodded.

     Robin began to say something, but choked on it. She gulped.

"Look," she said swiftly. "Look, you--you don't have to hurt me.

Not really--I--I mean--if you just--just--you know--"

     "Oh, no, Robin," I said. "You must be punished. You know

that."

     "But--look--I--I--I'll make it worth your while--I-I'll

pay--"

     "Don't be silly," I said.

     "But--Oh god--look--I--I'll--I'll give you my body," she

said desperately. "I'll--I'll do anything you want. All right?

I'll make it good for you, honest, and you can have me all you--

I--oh--"

     Robin shut up because I was just grinning at her. "You must

know," I said, "that I'm going to have your body anyway, Robin.

Any way I want it. It's a kind of bonus." Deliberately, I looked

at her breasts, heaving against the wool of her top. "I can

hardly wait for that. But it will be still better after I hurt

you a bit. It adds spice, you know."

     "Oh, dear god!" Robin said softly. Her skin was deathly

pale.

     "Your fright turns me on," I said.

     "Bastard!" Robin hissed, then quickly gasped. "I--I'm sorry.

I--oh god, what will I--" She began to sob softly.

     "Robin," I said, "if you attract attention to us, it will be

a lot worse for you."

     Robin bit her lip and rubbed her tears away. "I'm scared,"

she said.

     "I know."

     "What--what will you do?"

     "First," I said, "I'll tie you up by your wrists and watch

you hang. I'll watch that for a while. And then--a bit of

whipping."

     "Oh!" Robin gasped.

     "A bit of pinching with pliers."

     "Oh, Jesus!"

     "A bit of--"

     "Stop! For god's sake! You can't!"

     "Robin," I said, "light me a cigarette."

     "What? Wh-what for?"

     "A little preview."

     "Oh, Christ no!"

     "Light me a cigarette, Robin. Now. Or I swear you will be a

most sorry lady."

     "Please--" Robin said. With shaking hands she got out a pack

of cigarettes, took one out and lit it up. Shaking badly.

     "Give it to me."

     "Don't. No, don't."

     I held out my hand. She handed me the burning cigarette.

     "Now, Robin," I said. "Don't move."

     Under the table I found her skirt.

     "No," Robin said.

     I pulled that skirt up and laid my hand on her bare thigh.

Robin twitched. "Don't," I said, and slid the skirt higher, and

my hand with it. Her thigh was soft, smooth, yielding. I found a

spot high up on that thigh and positioned the cigarette.

     "Don't. Don't!" Robin whispered frantically.

     "Robin," I said. "I'm going to burn you. It's going to hurt.

Don't make a sound. Not a sound. If you do, I will spread you out

and put burn marks all over your body all night long. To start.

Do you understand, Robin?"

     "Please."

     "Do you?"

     Robin nodded, panting with fright.

     "I love this," I said, and ground the burning tip slowly, oh

so slowly, into her thigh. Robin hissed loudly and spasmed with

pain, and I said, "I'm going to have such fun with you, Miss

Davis..."

                         2

     "Don't do it again," Robin said, shaking. "Please. Oh,

please don't do it again."

     "I want to," I said. "I love it so much when you go crazy

with the pain, but can't make a sound. But I don't want you to

hiss so loudly this time, Robin. It might attract curiosity. Just

hold it all in. All right?"

     "No. Oh please, please, dear god I can't, you must know I

can't stand it again."

     "So arousing, your terror," I said.

     "No," Robin choked. "I beg you. Not now. Oh no...please...

nooo..."

     Robin was crying and my cock was hard watching it. But now

what I was afraid of happened. A waiter had noticed Robin's

crying, and now was standing by our table.

     "Is the lady all right, sir?" he said. I saw him look at

Robin's body. I saw him stripping her in his mind.

     I said, "No. The lady is frightened, because the lady is

going to hurt badly in a moment. Again."

     "Again?" the waiter said.

     "Again," I said. "I have just burned this lady's thigh with

a cigarette."

     "Really?" our waiter said.

     "And," I said, "I am about to do it again. Do you find that

thought...stimulating?"

     "I do, sir," the waiter said. "I most assuredly do."

     "Good. You may stay and watch."

     "Oh, thank you, sir. Thank you."

     "Stand close by to guard the lady from sight as much as

possible. I have told her not to make any sounds, or call

attention to us; but who knows what reactioins such intense pain

may bring. But, Robin--you know, don't you, that you will be

awfully sorry if I am unhappy with what happens. Don't you?"

     "Oh, please, god, oh--"

     "Answer me, Robin," I said warningly.

     "I--oh--yes," Robin whimpered.

     "Right. Now." I put my hand on Robin's soft thigh again.

Robin caught her breath and went all stiff. I smiled. "It's so

exciting, isn't it?" I said. "To have a woman this way. To be her

absolute master, to watch all that pain and horror and fright and

shame and humiliation and helplessness. Robin is going to be

hurt. She knows she will suffer terrible pain, and she is

horribly frightened. Look at the whiteness of her face, the

rapidity of her breathing. Look at those rising and falling

breasts, the nipples hard with fright, poking out her blouse so

provocatively. She is shaking now, and you can hear her panting.

And there is nothing you can do about it, Robin. Nothing. Nothing

at all. That's the most beautiful, most arousing aspect of all."

     "What will you do with the lady afterwards?" the waiter

said.

     "Think of it, my boy," I gloated. "I will have this lady at

my disposal all night long. To hurt and torture and violate, as I

wish. And I will, my boy. I most certainly will. I will hurt her

in ways she cannot begin to imagine. I will torment that young

body until she is out of her mind with pain, until she is

twisting and flailing and writhing and spasming--and also

screaming and yelling and howling and shrieking and wailing--and

begging me to stop. For you will be allowed to make all the noise

you want at that time, Robin. And when you are almost dying with

agony, I will take you. Ah. Ah yes. I will possess that

voluptuous body in all the ways I can think of. Again and again.

And you will crawl for me, young Robin. Crawl and plead

frantically with me to allow you to use your mouth on my cock, or

to lick up my piss, or to roll in my shit. If only I will not

hurt you any more, Robin. Such a night awaits!"

     Robin was sobbing and shaking very hard. But she

straightened up with a gasp as I clamped my hand on her thigh.

"Oh, no," she choked out. "Oh please no god no please don't I

can't please dear god Christ Jesus don't I'll do anything no."

     "Will you suck this man's cock?" I said.

     "I--oh, I--yes. Yes. I will. All right."

     "All right," I said. "You may do so after I burn you again."

     "No!"

     "Shut up!" I said. "Or I'll have you sucking the cock of

every last man in this room. Do you want that?"

     "No."

     "I will burn you now, Robin," I said.

     Robin was panting fast and hard, and I couldn't wait. My

cock was throbbing. "All right," I said to the waiter. "Watch.

Watch this. Watch." And I again slowly slowly ground the hot,

burning cigarette tip into Robin's thigh. So slowly, so

painfully. Robin spasmed and spasmed and a low whining sound

forced itself through her tight lips. High and whiny and she

bowed over the table and I came in my pants...




                                  THE CONTRACT
                                by V.P. Viddler

      I had Nina just as I wanted her. Finally. At long last.

      Nina. Tall and lissome, sinuous and sensuous, flashing dark eyes and
long, long smooth brown hair, luscious mouth, soft skin, high, rounded,
miraculous breasts, finely curving body, long, luscious, mouth-watering, sexily
flexing, voluptuously shapely thighs and calves. And a mind and will of her
own.

      Thus far.

      But now I had her.

      I sat and looked at her. Just sat and gazed. And Nina looked back. Still
defiant. Still unvanquished. Even this way. Helpless. With arms stretched up
and back, pulled high, with wrists bound tightly together, pulling tightly,
pulling at a chain straining at a hook high above. With ankles also bound,
roped to a ring in the floor. With all of her pulling tight. Tight. And with
that bar pushing her forward. That round iron bar running across the room, and
running just in back of my straining Nina. Running just above that sinuously
slim waist, running on a line just a bit in front of that ceiling hook and that
floor hook. So that it was pressing into Nina's back, pressing hard against
that taut back, just above that waist, and pushing that fabulous body outward.
Forward. in a taut, straining arch. A fantastically sensuous, arousing,
blood-quickening arch. Making that whole body stretch. Straining. So tight. So
painful. With Nina's high, taut breasts pushing outward, standing, thrusting,
against the silk blouse. Thrusting hard, as if offering themselves for
sacrifice. Painful, tormenting, agonizing, screaming sacrifice. With Nina's
nipples highlighted, molded by that thin silk. For Nina had no brassiere today.
And Nina's body, tight, taut, arching painfully toward me. Nina's legs
straining, quivering, thighs, half bared by that short black skirt, pulling
high on Nina's thighs. Curving, straining thighs. Shapely, sensuous, straining
calves. Arching, straining, taut body. Nina. Watching as I was watching. Not as
I was, with lust and anticipation. Lust. Anticipation. Watching Nina.

      "What do you want?" Nina said. Not giving in. Not showing pain or fright.
Not yet.

      "You know what I want," I said. "I want you to sign that contract."

      "I won't," Nina said.

      "You will," I said. "You will, Nina. And that's not all."

      "What do you think you can do to me?"

      "Anything," I said. "Anything I want, Nina."

      "If you touch me, I'll kill you."

      "You'll sign that contract first, Nina."

      "Go to hell."

      I got up. Moving toward her. "That's so fine, how your breasts push out
that way. I want that body, Nina. You know that, don't you?"

      "If you put a hand on me --"

      "That's just what I'm going to do. Put a hand on you. Both hands."

      "Don't you even think about it, you filth." Body straining. Shrinking as
I put my hands out toward her breasts. Trying to pull away. "No!"

      "Darling Nina," I said, and I put my hands on her breasts. Firm but soft,
yielding but resisting, fantastic springy breasts, touching, shaping, sliding
my hands over, around, into -- and Nina spat in my face.

      My hands twitched, wanting to clamp hard on Nina's round bosoms. But I
didn't do that. I spat back at her. Nina's dark eyes burning, blazing at me.

      "No, Nina. Bad. That's a bad girl. Bad girls must be punished, Nina."
That body still trying to shrink, squirm from my hands as I held her breasts.
Now sliding my fingers over them, stroking, touching lightly, caressing that
lusciousness through the tight silk. Now putting my fingers on Nina's
outstanding nipples. Taking them in thumb and forefinger. Both of them. Holding
two stiff throbbing nubs in between thumbs and forefingers. "Like this, Nina,"
I said. And I squeezed. Hard. Very hard. As hard as I could. Clamping those
soft helpless things, clamping them, mashing them hard. Tightly. And watching
Nina. Hurting. In agony, but trying not to show it, not to show a thing. I just
kept clamping, squeezing hard as I could, my fingers white with that agonizing
pressure.

      And Nina couldn't stand it. Nobody could stand it. Nobody. Until,
watching, I saw Nina's face in awful pain, and Nina's tightly stretching body
was squirming, writhing and squirming in its limited capacity, and Nina's
breath was coming in sharp, panting gasps, gasping with pain. Still I didn't
stop. I went on clamping, only varying my pressure slightly, letting up only
the tiniest bit, and clamping down again still harder. Nina was beginning to
moan, moaning in agony, shaking her head, that straining form straining harder,
writhing, twisting.

      "Ask me to stop," I said.

      Nina tightened her lips, shaking her head, but still moaning, still
twisting.

      "Ask me to stop." Still clamping as hard as I could. Twisting those
nipples now. And Nina writhing, moaning loudly.

      "Ask me to stop," I said.

      "Nnnn," Nina said. "Nnnnnghh."

      "Ask me, Nina. Ask nicely, Nina." Twisting. Clamping. And Nina grinding
her teeth, gasping, groaning. And finally giving in.

      "Stop," Nina gasped softly.

      "What?" I said. Clamping.

      "Stop... stop..." Almost whispering.

      "Say it louder," I said.

      "Stop," Nina said.

      "Again," I said. Nina panting. "Again."

      "Stop. Stop. Stop."

      "Ask me. Ask me, Nina. Nicely."

      "Annnhhh," Nina said. "Ssss... Stop. Please. Please. Please stop.
Please."

      "All right," I said. I did.

      Nina was panting hard. My hands around her outthrust, heaving breasts.

      "You bastard," Nina said, gasping it out. "Oh you filthy scum bastard."
Taut, arching body shaking with rage and pain, trying to catch its breath. I
rubbed those breasts. "Bastard, oh you bastard!"

      "That's not nice, Nina. Saying nasty things like that. I want you to
apologize."

      Nina said nothing.

      "Shall I do that again?" My hands at her nipples.

      Nina wanted to keep her mouth tightly closed, but she couldn't. "No."
Whispering.

      "What?"

      "No. Don't." Hating to say it, hating herself for saying it. Hating me
most.

      "Say you're sorry, Nina. Go on. Say it." Fingers rubbing slowly around
the throbbing helpless tender nubs.

      "I'm... sorry. All right? Damn you!"

      "Nina --"

      "I'm sorry. I'm -- I'm sorry."

      "Good. That's what I want to hear, Nina. That's how I want you to be.
Always. Now will you sign that contract?"

      "Go to hell."

      "What?"

      "I won't. Not for anything. I don't care what you do to me. You can hurt
me all you want, you can kill me. Go on, kill me if that's what you want to do.
But I won't. I will not. I won't, you dirty filthy -- ohhh Jesus, ohh my god,
aaaahhh! Aaaahhh!"

      Nina was shouting and I was twisting her breasts, hard, pulling and
twisting. Nina went on shouting and trying frantically, vainly to push that
arching body still further forward, to allay some of the awful agony I was
giving her. This continued until I tired of it.

      It took a while.

      Nina was virtually hanging from her wrists now, that pain- wracked body
almost sagging, except that it was stretched so tautly that it couldn't sag,
but had to maintain its arching tightness even when Nina's lusciously curvy
legs wouldn't hold it up. Nina was moaning. Tears of pain ran down that lovely
face, but Nina was still, I knew, stubborn. Hurting Nina was a lot of fun, but
I had to do more to accomplish the signing of that contract, that contract
which would forever put Nina in my thrall. I had to break that spirit, and I
would.

      My cock was throbbing with lust and want. I had to have her. I could have
her. I would have her. My Nina.

      "Look at you, Nina," I said. "Just look at you now. I can do anything I
want to you, Nina. Anything I want. And you can't stop me. Isn't that right,
Nina? You can't do a thing about it."

      "Go to hell!" Nina rasped, gasping, groaning. "I won't sign. That's all.
I won't!"

      "That's not all, Nina darling. Not by a long shot. Nina. I want you, you
know. I've always wanted that body. And now I'm going to have it."

      Nina was shaking her head, but she knew it was going to happen. "You
bastard, you lousy dirty bastard, don't you touch me!"

      I didn't say anything. I just took off my clothes. Just took it all off.
Nina made a sound, turning her head away, a sound of hatred, disgust, rage and
despair. Moving to her again, I put my hands again on that jutting rounded
bosom and I thrust my body against hers, all of my body pressing against that
arching, straining form. And I slid my body back and forth against Nina,
rubbing all of myself against all of her, rubbing my stiff cock against Nina's
thighs. Nina shrank away, but she couldn't shrink, couldn't do anything. She
almost spat at me again. Almost. But she didn't. I pulled away.

      "I'll kill you," Nina whispered. "I will, I swear it."

      "Nina," I said. "Nina. I'm going to take you, Nina. I'm going to have you
any way I want, for as long as I want. You're going to hate it, and I'm going
to love it. Do you understand what I'm saying, Nina?

      Nina didn't say anything. Glaring. Panting. Helpless. Arching toward me.

      "I want to see you naked, Nina. And I'm going to, right now."

      "I'll kill you."

      "Nina. Ask me to take your blouse off. So I can see your beautiful
breasts. Naked breasts. I want you to ask me to do it. Ask me, Nina."

      "Go to hell!"

      "Ask me to take your blouse off."

      "If you think you can --"

      "I'll tell you what I think, Nina. I think I can do anything. You know
what I did to those breasts? Remember? That's nothing, Nina. Nothing." I put my
hands on them, clamping, but not hard. Nina took a sharp breath.

      "How helpless they are. Just like all of you, Nina. Helpless. Think of
all the things I could do to them. Not just this." Clamping. "That's nothing at
all. Think of that little riding whip, Nina. Think of me whipping them. Again
and again. Do you think you would enjoy that? I would. Oh, I would enjoy it so
much. I'm aroused just thinking about it."

      Nina was trying to stay aloof, but I could hear her swallow. Hard.

      "That's not all, Nina. Think of metal clamps on your nipples. Not just
fingers. Hard iron, clamping tightly, stronger than a million human fingers,
crushing, mashing."

      "Filth," Nina said, so low I could hardly hear it.

      "Ask me to take your blouse off, Nina."

      Nina said nothing.

      "Or think of cigarettes. Burning hot. Think of me putting cigarettes out
on these breasts. All over. Burning into your skin, burning red hot, scorching
and singeing, as I grind the burning tips into your nipples. Think of --"

      "Stop. Stop, damn you, stop it."

      "Ask me, Nina."

      A long pause.

      "I'm waiting, Nina."

      "All right." So low, so unwilling. "All right. Bastard. You'll do it
anyway."

      "That's right. I'll do anything I want to do. Ask me, Nina."

      "I -- take --"

      "Nicely, Nina."

      Nina swallowing. "Please. Oh god. Please... take my blouse off."

      "Again. Louder."

      "You -- no. No. All right. Please take my blouse off."

      "All right. If that's what you want." Smiling at Nina's blazing, hating
eyes. And I did. I took Nina's blouse off. Unbuttoning it down the front.
Slowly. Pulling it apart. Slowly. Nina looking away as I gazed at those naked
round breasts, pushing outward, thrusting toward me, high, firm, smooth, pink
nipples stiff, jutting, quivering. Ripping that blouse away, ripping, pulling
it off, all of it off. Nina bare to the waist, torso straining, luscious,
helpless. Nina looking away, cursing, panting.

      I put my hands back on that naked flesh, touching, stroking, possessing.
I put my mouth on Nina's breasts, tasting that soft firmness as Nina moaned
with outrage, tongueing, licking, sucking them into my mouth, and finally
biting, biting hard, biting breast and biting nipples, until Nina was crying
out in pain, biting and sucking and listening to Nina's cries.

      Finally stopping.

      I was dying to have her. And I was dying to look at the rest of that
body. All naked.

      "Look at me, Nina." I was panting now. "Look at me and ask me to take
your skirt off. Do it, Nina."

      Nina did it. Unwillingly, painfully, hating it, but she did it, and I
took hold of that dark, high-riding skirt and pulled it down, down over Nina's
long, sensuous, straining legs, down her thighs, past her knees, down those
curving sexy calves. And ripped it from her feet.

      Now I could look at Nina's bare legs. A sight that could drive a saint
mad with lust. Thighs so luscious, so voluptuous, so smooth and long. Calves so
intricate, so astoundingly curvy, so fantastically shapely. All of it a
magnificent pair of exquisite legs, calling out to be touched. And hurt. And
had.

      I put my hands on those legs, touching, sliding, caressing, stroking,
feeling the strain, the tautness. I slid my hands all up and down them, slowly,
savoring, slowly, touching all of them, inch by inch, slowly, inch by inch, up
and down Nina's thighs, Nina's calves. Up and down.

      But I had to have it all. Nina wore a pair of pink panties, it was all
that was left of her clothing, and I quickly got rid of them, ripping them from
her loins. Nina gave a whimper, a tiny sound of loss, and Nina was naked. And
gorgeous. And I had to have her, just as she was, stretched and bound, taut and
straining, helpless and hurting.

      First I unbound her ankles, retying them far apart, to rings in the floor
again, but far apart, spreading those legs wide. This tightened that arching
body still more, pulling it to its limits, straining that smooth unmarked skin
over bone and muscle, stretching Nina as on a rack; and Nina's long, quivering
legs pulling, straining, more arousing than anything I had ever known.

      "No," Nina said as I slid my hands around those thighs, stroking the soft
insides now, higher, higher, savoring, finding what was at their apex. "No," as
I got up, moved toward that open, outstretched body. "Oh god, no," as I found
what I sought, pressing against that body hard, fitting my body to hers,
adjusting my hard stiff seeking cock and finding that soft hidden opening. "No
no no no no --"

      And I took her. Nina. Slowly. Taking her. Slowly. Moving into her. Into
Nina. Slowly. Up. Into Nina. Up. In. Standing flush up against Nina's arching,
writhing body and probing all the way into it. Into Nina. Up. Up. All the way
up and in.

      And I had her.

      I had my Nina.

      Nina was sobbing softly, crying and gasping and damning me. And I took
her, slowly, taking my time, moving inside her, in and out, slowly, in and out,
rubbing my body against hers, thrilling to each sensation, moving so slowly,
and listening to Nina softly sobbing. As I took her I looked at that pretty
twisting face, but Nina was looking away.

      "Look at me, Nina."

      Nina didn't.

      "Look at me, I said." I put my hands on her breasts, clamping the
nipples.

      Nina slowly looked at me. Pain and hatred in her gaze.

      I thrust hard at her. "I'm taking you, Nina," I said, probing her eyes
with mine. "I'm taking you, I'm doing it to you, I'm raping you, ravishing your
body, I'm having my way with you, Nina. As I said I would. And you can't do
anything about it, can you, Nina darling? Not a damn thing. Nothing."

      And Nina spat at me again.

      "Nina," I said softly. "I want you to kiss me. Right on the mouth, Nina."

      Nina turned away from me.

      "Is that right?" I said. And I put my hand around Nina's body and took a
fistful of that long brown hair, soft lovely brown hair falling down her back.
And I pulled on it. As hard as I could. So that Nina's head was pulled
backwards, and Nina cried out in pain as her head was forced back, and still I
pulled, until Nina was looking up at that hook in the ceiling, straining and
crying out, scalp in agony, body writhing with protesting shock. Holding Nina
that way as I still went on taking her, and at last loosening my grip on that
hair, so Nina could look at me. But I still held it, and now twisted hard so
that Nina had to keep looking at me, unable to turn away.

      "Now," I said, twisting, bringing moans of agony from Nina's throat.
"Now. Kiss me, Nina. On the mouth." Twisting. "Kiss me good."

      It took a few moments. Nina holding back. Me twisting. Hard. And Nina did
it. Bringing that soft, trembling mouth to my lips. Putting her soft luscious
lips on mine. And kissing me. As I kept her that way, still twisting that hair,
still moving in and out of that body. Kissing. Kissing. And when I opened my
mouth, inviting Nina's sweet tongue, and Nina holding back, hesitating,
unwilling, and I twisted and ground into her and took hold of that nipple with
my other hand, that slow tongue inched forward, into my waiting mouth, sliding
so slowly into my mouth, moving in my mouth, Nina sobbing against my lips,
probing my mouth, obeying my commands, moving.

      And I ground against Nina's tight, taut, stretching, straining,
thrusting, arching, shaking, squirming, writhing, twisting body and I came,
hard and strong, shooting up into her, up into Nina's guts, spurting again and
again and again and again, wanting to spurt into Nina forever, and shot all I
had into her, and it was through.

      And I at last pulled out and away from her, and Nina was crying and
sobbing and panting and gasping, and I said, "Sign that contract, Nina."

      And Nina said, "No."

      "No?"

      "Kill me. Kill me. I won't do it. You rotten filty bastard, I don't care
what you do now, I'll never do it, so kill me. Dirt. Scum. Filth. Filth!"

      "What a mouth," I said. "But it's a beautiful mouth. And I want you to
use it. On my penis."

      Nina vomited.

      "Poor Nina," I said. I got things and cleaned it up and got rid of it.
Then I said, "Nina, I am going to hurt you now. I'm going to enjoy doing it.
And it's going to get me all excited again. Watching your pain. Listening to
your screams. Hurting your wonderful body. I'm going to hurt you very badly,
and for a long time. And you will beg me to stop, promising to do anything I
say, anything at all. You will, Nina. You will. And finally, finally, Nina, you
will use that mouth on my penis, you will suck my cock as long as I want you
to, and then you will sign that contract. Okay, Nina?"

      "I will not," Nina said. But Nina was shaking.

      I got out a carton of cigarettes. A full carton. And I took all the packs
and piled them up. "I'll use all of it, Nina. If that's what it takes."

      And I did.

      A pack on her right breast.

      A pack on her left breast.

      A pack on her right thigh.

      A pack on her left thigh.

      A pack on her right calf.

      A pack on her left calf.

      A pack on her right buttock.

      A pack on her left buttock.

      A pack on her stomach.

      A pack on her arms.

      A pack on her feet.

      Two packs on her back.

      Two packs for me to smoke while I did it.

      Two more packs on her thighs.

      One pack for her vagina.

      And one more pack to finish off each of her breasts again.

      Nina tried to contain her pain, but it was no use. Nina screamed
delightfully. Screaming as I ground hot cigarette tips into her nipples.
Yelling and howling as the burning tips kissed that soft flesh. Shrieking as
again and again I brought my burning cigarette into contact with that
shrinking, twisting, helplessly arching body, those outthrust breasts, the long
smooth thighs. And always saying the same thing. "Will you suck my cock, Nina?"
Above Nina's screams of agony. "Will you do it, Nina? Will you suck my cock?"

      "Don't," Nina said, and "Stop. God, stop, no more," and finally, "Please.
Please don't, please, I can't, please god oh please," and, "Oh Jesus god my
Jesus I can't for god's sake lord help me kill me please no more oh no oh
please no don't Jesus god I'm begging you no no no NO NO NO AAAAAAAH. No AAGGH
ONONOAAAAAAAAIIIIIEEEEE."

      "Will you suck my cock, Nina?"

      And at last Nina broke.

      My Nina broke.

      I had broken her.

      "Yes," Nina sobbed.

      "What?"

      "Yes. Yes. I'll do it. I will. Yes. Stop. Yes. Please stop. Yes."

      "Tell me what you'll do, Nina."

      "I will, please, all right, I will, I'll do it."

      "What, Nina?"

      "I'll suck your cock, I'll do it, you filthy bastard, I'll suck your
cock, I'll suck your cock, I will, please stop, please take me down I can't --"

      "All right, Nina. Say please let me suck your cock. Beg for it, Nina. Go
on."

      A long silence.

      Another cigarette.

      "Please! All right, please, I'm begging, please let me suck your cock,
please let me suck your cock, please please please."

      "And you'll sign that contract, won't you, Nina?"

      Nothing from Nina but sobbing.

      "Nina?" I lit a cigarette.

      "No! Yes. I will. I will, I will, I will, I will, yes, I will, I'll do
it, I'll sign, please let me sign, yes, I will, I'll sign it, I will. I will. I
will. I will."

      And I took Nina down at last. Unbound her. I was hard and stiff. I lay
down on the floor on my back, across the room. I said, "Crawl, Nina. Crawl to
me."

      And Nina did. On her hands and knees. Crawling. Crying. Crawling toward
my body.

      "Start at my feet. Kiss them. All over."

      And Nina did that. Shaking lips on my skin, sobbing, kissing.

      "Lick. Lick my legs. Slowly upward. Slowly. Kissing and licking."

      Nina did. Kissing, licking. Slowly moving upward. Up my thighs.

      I told Nina what to do. And Nina did it all. All of it. Just as I said.
Nina kissing my throbbing cock. Licking it all over. Rubbing that mouth around
it. Sobbing. Crying. Broken.

      "And now, Nina. Take it in your mouth. Slowly."

      And Nina did. Taking it slowly into that trembling soft warm mouth.

      "Slowly, Nina. That's it. In. All the way. Down. Slowly. Go on. All the
way down. All of it. All. That's it, Nina."

      Nina filling that mouth with my cock, choking on it, gagging on it,
strangling on it, and I had her stay that way, and at last I told her to suck
me. Slowly. Up and down, slowly, licking, tongueing. And Nina did it. That
mouth. Up and down. Up. Down. Licking. Kissing. Sucking. Hair bobbing. Head
moving slowly. Up, down. Doing what I said. Up and down. Breasts shaking.
Kneeling at my body. Moaning in pain and shame and humiliation and final
despair. Slowly sucking my cock. Up and down. Obeying. Debasing that body. That
spirit.

      And finally I had to give it up into that sweet sucking mouth, and I
said, "Now, Nina, take it, darling Nina, take it all, here it is, Nina, now!"
And I shot it into Nina's mouth, shot it down Nina's throat, and Nina was
choking and gagging and I said, "Swallow it, Nina, swallow it all, Nina," and
Nina was swallowing, gulping and gagging and swallowing, and I shot it all and
Nina swallowed and swallowed and swallowed, Nina, taking it all, rolling away
from me, vomiting again.

      I brought her back and put that contract on the floor and put Nina on her
stomach and had her take my cock into her mouth again, and hold it in her mouth
as she signed that contract, arms stretching across me to sign it. And Nina
signed. With my cock in her mouth, stretching, sobbing, Nina signed and Nina is
mine for always now.

      Ah...




                                  THE DOORMAN
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                    Part One

      Crrrrrrrrack!

      "That's one," Victor said. "Very good, Dominick. Nice and hard. Not at
all bad for a start, don't you think so, Sylvia? I know you can't answer me,
darling, but your twisting and wriggling and those painful sounds you're making
are answer enough, don't you agree, Dominick?"

      "Christ," Dominick said.

      "Indeed. And you will do still better as you get the hang of it, I'm
sure. Such moaning, Sylvia! It's really to bad that we can't do away with that
gag, you know, so that we might enjoy the lady's full-throated groans and cries
and sobbing, and her pleading for mercy, and all that. Not to mention, of
course, the screaming which I'm sure you will be able to elicit as you go on
with this. But alas, arousing as that would be, it would be too hazardous for
us. It might prove awkward if passers-by, hearing those beautiful screams, were
to follow the sound and interrupt us. Of course, anyone might come in at any
time as it is. But that is part of the excitement, isn't it?"

      "What if someone comes in?" Dominick had said, how many years ago? And
Victor had said the same thing: "That just adds to the excitement, don't you
think?" And she had been so horrified, so humiliated and frightened and
dumbstruck at what was going on that this only intensified that horror. As she
had stood there actually shaking, trying to form words which might sway him
from what he had in mind, knowing it was futile, already crying, as Dominick,
the building's doorman, stared in wonder, amazement and lust, unable to credit
the reality of his good fortune.

      For six months he had watched her, by far the most attractive tenant in
the building. Passing him every day in the lobby. "Good morning, Miss Rockham."
"Good morning, Dominick." "Shall I get you a taxi, Miss Rockham?" "Thank you,
Dominick."

      He was the doorman. Not young. Not thin. Not rich. And she was Miss
Rockham. All of that. And more. With her long straight brown hair and her
almost scornfully aristocratic face and her sensuous body and high sumptuous
breasts and long luscious mouth-watering legs. Fantasizing about that body, of
course, but not for a second thinking that he might ever -- and it was four
o'clock in the morning, two days before Christmas, and he was alone in the
lobby, everything dead, nobody around at that hour, nothing happening or likely
to, and she came in with Victor. Who he knew was her man. And who had something
about him that said he was more than that. And now he saw right away something
was wrong. The way she was walking, the way he was looking. A fight. Something.

      "Good evening, Miss Rockham."

      "Good evening." Softly. Muffled.

      And Victor. "Good evening, Dominick. Working at this hour?"

      "It's quiet."

      "Indeed." Looking around the big empty lobby. Looking at her. She not
looking at him. But frightened. Suddenly wary, as though knowing he had an
idea, a notion that was bad news for her. Dominick was mystified. But watching.

      "Sylvia," Victor said. "Have you given Dominick his Christmas tip this
year?"

      Looking at Victor now, definitely frightened, definitely wary. "Not --
not yet. I -- I was going --"

      "Now would be a good time to do that, don't you think, Sylvia?"

      "I -- I don't have -- I don't have much --" Fumbling with her purse.

      "Put the purse down, Sylvia," Victor said.

      "But --"

      "Now," Victor said.

      Dominick was watching, curious, a bit confused. Sylvia, suddenly
swallowing hard, put the purse down on the curving marble desk with its bank of
monitors at which Dominick was sitting.

      "Dominick," Victor said. "Do you think Miss Rockham is an attractive
lady?"

      Taken aback, Dominick hesitated. "Yes. Sure."

      "I thought so. And do you find Miss Rockham... sexy? The truth now,
Dominick."

      "Well... well, yeah, I mean -- I do, I --"

      "I thought that too. For she is, isn't she? Sylvia, say thank you to
Dominick."

      Sylvia -- Miss Rockham -- wasn't looking at him. She was, he thought,
trembling a little. And now swallowing again. "Thank you," she said, so softly
he hardly heard it.

      "Tell me, Dominick. What is it you like most about Miss Rockham. Is it
her breasts? Her behind? Or her legs, perhaps? I myself am a leg man. Are you a
leg man, Dominick?"

      "I -- I don't --"

      "Miss Rockham has beautiful legs, Dominick. Most luscious. All the way
up. I have seldom known legs as good, and I am a connoisseur."

      "Victor --"

      Victor didn't bother to acknowledge her interruption. "Would you like to
see them, Dominick? As a Christmas tip, you might say. Would you like to be
able to look at them? All of them? Right here and now?"

      "Victor -- please -- you can't --"

      "Can't I, Sylvia?" Victor said.

      And she said, "Victor, please -- please -- for god's sake --"

      "What do you think, Dominick?"

      And Dominick said, "Yeah. I -- yeah. Sure. I sure would."

      "Victor, what -- no -- listen -- please --"

      And Victor said, "Open your coat, Sylvia."

      "Victor --"

      "Not another word, Sylvia. Not one. All right?"

      "Oh god." It was a whimper of despair, of degradation.

      "Open your coat, Sylvia."

      And she did. Unbuttoning the fur coat, pulling it apart in front.
Standing in black gown and high heels. Standing and shaking. And starting,
silently, to cry.

      "Step back, Sylvia. So Dominick can see all of you. Back. That's it. Do
you have a good view, Dominick?" Which was when he said what if somebody comes
in and Victor made his reply and Miss Rockham was crying softly. And Victor
said, "Pull up your skirt, Sylvia."

      Now how she looked at him, not saying anything, just crying, just sort of
gasping and begging with her eyes, god, it had to turn him on, how Miss Rockham
was standing there in the middle of the lobby, standing so he could see all of
her, absolutely gorgeous and absolutely shaking with horror and humiliation and
degradation.

      "Pull up your skirt, Sylvia. Slowly. All the way up. Do it, Sylvia."

      And now she wasn't looking at him. Now she was standing in that lobby and
grasping her skirt in both hands and pulling it up. Up. Slowly up. Exposing to
him her calves. So luscious. Knees. Round, beautiful. Slowly now.

      "All the way," Victor said.

      Miss Rockham pulling that skirt higher. Baring her thighs.

      "You may note,"Victor said, "that she is not wearing stockings. I don't
allow her to. I prefer those legs naked. Always. You don't mind, I hope."

      He didn't mind. The legs, naked, gleamed at him. Rounded marvellous
thighs, the skirt going higher and higher. Stopping.

      "All the way, Sylvia. Around your waist. And hold it there. This is
Dominck's Christmas tip, and we must be generous. I want him to look as long as
he wants to."

      Sylvia was sobbing now, audibly, and she was pulling the skirt up around
her waist, showing her small black panties. And all of her fantastically
sensuous legs.

      "I told you they were good," Victor said. "You can look at them as much
as you want."

      And Dominick did, fearing as he did that someone might come into the
lobby, but not able to stop looking at her legs, her tight hands holding her
skirt at her waist, her shaking, sobbing body, her debasement. But at last he
did.

      "Next Christmas," Victor said as they started for the elevator. "Next
Christmas I'll have her show you her breasts."

      A sound from Miss Rockham, a sound indescribable. And the sight of her
face until the elevator came...

       Crrrrrrrraccckkk!

      "That's two," Victor said. "Wonderful. Ah, hark at the sweet stifled song
of agony. Painful, my darling? How she squirms. I'm going to have to hold her
hands to keep her properly bent over this desk, am I not, Sylvia? What? I just
can't make out what you're saying through that tight gag, darling. I know you
want us to stop, but we've only just begun. You know we promised Dominick at
least six. At least. It's Christmas again, you know."

      That first Christmas -- how many years ago -- she had been a young girl.
And now she was a woman. But just as sexy, just as gorgeous -- and just as
helpless. After that night she had not been able to look at him. "Good morning,
Miss Rockham."  Nothing showing in his voice. But she knew he was thinking
about it. "Good morning." Inaudibly. Because she was thinking about it, knowing
he was. About her standing there with that skirt hoisted high for him. And
about what Victor had promised him for next Christmas.

      For a year it went on. But he didn't know if Victor would actually -- And
then again it was two days before Christmas, four in the morning, the lobby
deserted, and they came in. Stopping. Victor smiling. She white and tense.
Victor saying, "Time for your Christmas tip, Dominick. Have you been looking
forward to it?" Nodding silently. And she moaning. Just moaning, looking sick,
looking faint, and moaning so softly, so pathetically, as Victor again made her
stand back, made her face him, told her to open her blouse. "I particularly
told her to omit a brassiere this evening to make it simpler," Victor said.
"Show him, Sylvia." And she moaning, crying, unbuttoning the blouse, pulling it
open, spreading it open for him, and he staring at the bare round high fine
soft firm pink-nippled breasts. Staring for it seemed hours, as she stood
holding the blouse open, and Victor smiling, and she whimpering, and when it
was over Victor said, "Next Christmas," and Miss Rockham gave a little terrible
cry, "Next Christmas I'll have her strip completely naked. All right?"

      "I'll hold her hands," Victor said. "Do it a little higher this time.
Across the back. And harder."

      Sylvia's head now shaking wildly, awful sounds coming through the gag,
sounds meaning no, no, but coming out as NNNPHH NNNGHHH.

      Crrrrrrrrrraaaaacccckkkkkk!

      "Look at that," Victor said, smiling. "You nearly jumped right off the
desk, darling. And see how she's still flopping around. Ah, you did well,
Dominick. That's three. And through her clothes too. Why don't I just pull up
this blouse a little. Stop fighting, Sylvia. Or shall I turn you over and let
Dominick have a shot at your breasts? Oh look, Dominick, that's calmed her
down, hasn't it? Just listen to that fearful moaning. Now. That naked back
looks like a perfect target. Maybe we'll save her breasts for next Christmas.
Maybe."

      Recalling now those breasts as he had looked upon them, and then
recalling the following year. When Victor had indeed made her strip for him.
Totally. In the middle of the lobby.

      Miss Rockham had not wanted to do it. She had gone down on her knees to
Victor, pleading, begging, sobbing. And Victor had bend down and whispered into
her ear. Miss Rockham had gone white. And then Miss Rockham had stood up,
unsteadily, swaying, and had taken off her clothing. All of it. Piece by piece.
Facing Dominick. Standing there as long as he looked at that body. And turning
around at Victor's command, showing him all of her.

      And Victor saying, "Now, what's left to give Dominick next year?" And
smiling. And making her put her clothes back on in front of him. "What would
you like, Dominick? Her body?" And Sylvia made a small whimpering noise that
struck him to the heart and at the same time made his cock throb. "I don't
know," Victor said thoughtfully. "It may be too soon for that. But maybe part
of it. A nice part. Would you like that, Dominick?"

      "Yes."

      "All right. You think about it, Dominick. Think about which part of her
you want. And it will be yours. Next Christmas."

      And again a year of knowing, both of them knowing. Each day, passing him,
she knew he was visualizing her naked, standing crying swaying nude in the
lobby, and that he was visualizing what she would look like next time. What she
would be doing.

      What he wanted was her cunt, but he knew he couldn't ask for that. Not
yet. Her ass was as yet forbidden also. Too soon. Victor could stop this
charade at any time. But her mouth? Could he ask for her mouth? No. Probably
just a breast. Or a thigh. When Victor asked him Dominick almost said her
mouth, but he was afraid. "A thigh," he said. Victor smiled at him. And at her.
"You may have them both," Victor said...

      Crrrrrrrrrrrraaaacckkkk!

      "That's four," Victor said. "Look at those legs kicking. You've rucked
your skirt right up to your hips, Sylvia, did you know that? Still has the best
legs in town, doesn't she?"

      And she did. And Dominick recalling the first time he had used those
thighs. Skirt hoisted high, legs bare, Victor had forced her to use those
thighs on him however he wanted. And she had. Sitting on that desk and giving
him the use of them. Helping him. Victor watching. Smiling. Miss Rockham
crying. And masturbating him with her thighs, rubbing him with her soft smooth
silky gorgeous tan thighs, moving as he told her to, until he was spurting hard
and high and all over her legs, his gism splashing across those lovely round
sensuous thighs and Sylvia sobbing with degradation as Victor told her to rub
it into her skin. All of it all over her fine long thighs until it was
absorbed.

      The following year it was her breasts he used. That she used on him. That
he shot onto, that she rubbed his gism into. In the lobby.

      "All right, Dominick," Victor said. "Next Christmas you get a hole. Pick
a hole, Dominick."

      All year he had thought about it. Thought about fucking that fine
lubricious body. Thought about his cock in her tight resistant ass as she lay
over the hard marble desk. Thought about how she would look on all fours, an
animal at bay. And thought about having her crouching before him on her knees,
with his cock in her mouth. It had been difficult to decide. But Victor had
assured him, in Miss Rockham's presence of course, that what he didn't do the
first Christmas would still be available to him in the year following. "Sylvia
isn't going anyplace," Victor said. "Are you, Sylvia?"

      Sylvia was not looking at him. "No." Whispering, hating him. "I'm not
going anyplace."

      "And I don't expect you are planning to quit this job, are you,
Dominick?"

      "Hell no."

      "I didn't think so. So I'll tell you what. Why don't we do it this way.
You think of everything that you'd like to do to her. Or that you'd like her to
do to you. And we'll make straws with them, and each Christmas we'll draw a
different straw, until they're all gone. How does that sound to you, Dominick?"

      Dominick was watching Miss Rockham cry silently. "Fine. Just fine."

      "How about you, Sylvia?"

      "Victor -- if I -- please --"

      "Now darling. It's fine with you, isn't it? I want you to tell Dominick
that it's fine with you."

      It took time for her to control herself enough to do it, and then Miss
Rockham looked at him. "Yes," she said, not hiding anything, not the pain, not
the hatred, not the shame, not the horror, not the debasement. "Yes. It's fine
with me."

      Crrrraaaaacccckkk!

      "That's five," Victor said. "How does it feel, Sylvia? It hurts, doesn't
it, darling? It's just agony, isn't it? It's so nice to see you this way,
Sylvia. Hurting and helpless. Twisting in pain. Trying to scream through that
gag. It turns me on something awful. And I know it turns Dominick on too.
You're going to have to do something about that, Sylvia. For both of us. Maybe
for both of us at once. Do you hear me, Sylvia?" Victor now let go of her
wrists and moved his hand into the sobbing twitching thrashing shouting woman's
hair, then pulled on it, forcing her head up so that she had to look at him,
bringing further muffled howls and cries from the stopped-up mouth. "Do you
hear me, Sylvia? Are you paying attention, you pain-filled slut?"

      Hurting, writhing, Miss Rockham frantically tried to indicate assent,
babbling desperately into her gag and even trying pathetically to nod her
straining head.

      "Why don't you fuck her, Dominick?" Victor said, still clutching her long
brown hair. "Rip those panties off and fuck her ass for her. You don't have to
stop whipping her either. Right, Sylvia?"

      He had fucked her ass first. That was the first straw. It was the first
time Victor had gagged her, because she couldn't stop screaming, bent over his
desk with his stiff cock all the way up her tight little anus. And the
following year he had fucked her cunt. No gag then. And then finally had come
the day when Miss Rockham had sucked his cock in the middle of the lobby, on
her knees, stark naked, crying, sobbing with each movement of her slowly
bobbing head, sobbing and moaning as he had told her to go slower, go faster,
use her tongue, swallow his gism. Victor had made her crawl that night too,
crawling on hands and knees around the lobby. Victor had made her lick the
floor.

      In following years he had had her in many ways. And finally, when their
imaginations had been exhausted, Victor had said, "All right, Dominick. Next
year you can punish her."

      "I don't want her ass," Dominick said. "I want her mouth. I love it when
she has to take my cock into her crying mouth, and how she has to suck on it
while she's sobbing because she hates it so much, and she's hurting and she's
degrading herself and how she has no choice."

      "She's got another lash coming," Victor said. "At least one more. But if
you don't want to stop, that's all right, isn't it, Sylvia?"

      Frantically shaking her head, howling with the pain in her scalp. Victor
with his free hand slapping her face hard, hard, back and forth, and again. "I
said isn't it, Sylvia, you cocksucking cunt whore? Isn't it?"

      "MMMMMPHHH! MMMMPPHHH!" Agonizingly jerking her head up and down, saying,
trying to say, yes, yes, yes, as her eyes said oh god no please god no no
please god I'll do anything no no no no no --

      "See that, Dominick?" Victor said. "Sylvia says you can go on whipping
her as long as you want to. But if you want to fuck her mouth I'll have to take
out the gag, obviously. So you should finish whipping her first. Of course we
can always put the gag back in and continue the whipping afterwards, can't we,
Sylvia?"

      Choking babbling incomprehensible sounds from behind that saliva-soaked
gag.

      "But do finish the official six first, Dominick. Just one more to go. And
I do think it should be a climactic one, don't you? On the breasts? Wouldn't
you like to whip Sylvia's breasts, Dominick?"

      Sylvia's eyes, wide, wild, frantic with terror. Horrifying sounds from
her throat. Trying to shake her head, squirming, writhing, kicking. Victor
slapping her again, hard, back and forth. "Be still, Sylvia. Just be still.
Still!" And with the worst sound yet, a diminishing moan of utter despair and
surrender to horror, Miss Rockham now stopped struggling, stopped moving, and
lay still on her stomach across Dominick's hard marble desk.

      "Now," Victor said, very softly. "I'm letting go of you, Sylvia." And he
did. "I'm not touching you." And he didn't. "I don't have to hold you, I don't
have to hit you, do I, Sylvia? It's fine, but it's not necessary. You will do
as I say without that. You know it and I know it, and Dominick here should know
it by now. You must do as I command, Sylvia. Anything and everything. Say yes,
Sylvia. Nod your head."

      And Miss Rockham nodded her head. Sobbing softly.

      "Show him," Victor said. "Turn over, Sylvia. Roll over onto your back so
Dominick can whip your breasts."

      Miss Rockham's sobs turned to whimpers.

      "Now," Victor said so softly.

      Whimpering. Mewling. Shaking. Miss Rockham rolled slowly over. Dominick
looking down at that beautiful aristocratic twisting tear-wet face. Rolled all
the way over and lay on her back. With her skirt riding high on those fabulous
long legs and her shirt crumpled up to reveal her smooth stomach.

      "Unbutton the shirt, Sylvia. So Dominick can whip your bare breasts. Open
it, Sylvia."

      Fingers shaking, fumbling, whimpering. Unbuttoning the shirt. Pulling it
open. Hands hovering fearfully over the gorgeous high quivering taut breasts.

      "Hands down, Sylvia," Victor said.

      Sylvia lay there, whimpering. Eyes closed. Tightly.

      "Open your eyes, Sylvia."

      And she did. And Dominick raised the strap...

      How many years? Growing from young nubile girlishness to ripe luscious
womanhood and all of it his on Christmas, and Victor had said that soon he
would give her to him whenever he wanted her. Any time he could go up to Miss
Rockham's apartment and have her. Any way he wanted. He could call up first and
say, "I'm coming up. I want you to come to the door naked." Or "I want you on
your knees with your mouth open." Or "I want you spread on the bed on your
stomach with your pants off and your skirt around your waist." Or he could make
her come down to the lobby. God, he had visions of making Miss Rockham kneel
behind his desk, hidden from sight, sucking on his cock as people came in and
out, or he spoke to them and announced them and did what he had to do, and all
the time she sucking him on her knees...

      CCCCRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCKKKKKKKKKKK!! Just as hard as he
could. Right across the hard pink nipples.

      "That's six," Victor said, as Miss Rockham's screaming howl was hardly
stifled by the gag, as Miss Rockham's body bucked and arched with agony, and
then Miss Rockham rolling uncontrollably fell off the desk and landed hard on
the floor. Moaning, crying, gasping through the gag, and writhing on the floor
like a cut worm, twisting, squirming, wriggling. With her skirt around her
waist and her shirt pulled half off, her round sensuous legs kicking
spasmodically, body curling up into a ball, then straightening spastically,
writhing, thrashing, helplessly jerking.

      "Look at that," Victor breathed. "Just look at that."

      And Dominick did, cock throbbing.

      And just at that point the thing that had haunted him down the years but
had never happened. Now happened. Three people came in to the lobby from
outside. Youths. College boys. Who had been out on the town. Loud. Boisterous.
Half drunk. Came through the doors and saw Miss Rockham mostly naked squirming
on the floor.

      They stopped short.

      "Holy Christ!" Staring.

      Dominick now dropping the strap, ready to fight them. Sylvia moaning
frightened into the gag, trying to rise, falling, trying to scrabble to her
knees. Victor calm though, reaching down to rip the gag from Sylvia's mouth.

      "Oh my god!" one of the boys said. "What the shit is going on here!"

      "It's all right," Victor said. "Everything's just fine. This lady is just
having a little party with us, that's all. Isn't that right, Sylvia?"

      "Christ, I know her! That's that rich lady on the top floor --"

      "Be cool, fellows. It's okay. Tell them it's okay, Sylvia."

      Miss Rockham now had managed to push herself onto all fours. She was
panting and gasping. She didn't raise her head, didn't look at any of them.
"Yes," she said, croaking, breathless. "It's all right. Oh god."

      "Jesus," another boy said. "Look at that."

      It was quite a sight. Miss Rockham on her hands and knees, head hanging,
hair loose and falling about her face, legs bare, breasts hardly covered by the
remains of the open shirt, panting.

      "Yes," Victor said. "It's something, isn't it, boys?" He was smiling. And
what was in his voice had communicated itself to Sylvia, who now began to
whimper again.

      "Now boys, we wouldn't want this to get around," Victor said, watching
them. "So maybe we can all join in the party. What do you think?"

      Miss Rockham started to cry.

      "Christ!" a boy said. "You mean she'll --"

      "Let me show you," Victor said. "Sylvia."

      Sylvia said, shaking, "Victor please anything I swear please no not that
please no Victor don't make me do this you can't oh god I'm Victor no for god's
sake anything I oh I god I I I --"

      "Sylvia," Victor said. "You see these fine young men over there? I think
they should have a Christmas treat too. Crawl to them, Sylvia. Don't get up.
Crawl to them on your hands and knees."

      So Sylvia, sobbing, moaning, gasping, crawled on all fours across the
floor of the lobby, until she was crouching near where the boys were standing.

      "You want to see what she will do?" Victor said. "Lick the floor, Sylvia.
Show us all what a low filthy whore slut obedient degraded cunt you are. Lick
the filthy floor with your tongue. And don't stop until I tell you to."

      And Miss Rockham licked the floor. With her tongue. And she was still
doing it when Victor said, "All right, guys. Anybody want that tongue to make
them happy now?"

      "Shit!" One boy unzipped his pants and let out a long thick hard cock.
"I'd fucking love it!"

      "Do it, Sylvia."

      Sylvia raised her head, looking at him. "Please." Whispering it. Shaking.
"Victor for god's sake please don't."

      "Do it," Victor said with such a tone that Dominick shivered. Miss
Rockham looked at him helplessly. Then turned her head in the direction of the
waiting youth. And opened her mouth. Taking that thick cock into it. And
licking it and sucking it. And choking as he thrust it hard into her throat,
and gagging, but holding on, crouching there on all fours as he fucked her sexy
mouth. Until he shouted and came. And Victor said, "Swallow, Sylvia. Swallow it
all. Let us all see you swallowing." And Miss Rockham swallowed what he gave
her. Slowly, so they all could watch.

      "All right," Victor said. "Who wants to fuck her in the ass?"

      The second boy did that, as she crouched for him, after she had pulled
her panties down for him at Victor's instruction. The third boy lay down on his
back and Miss Rockham got on top of him and straddled his hips and put his cock
into her vagina and fucked him. It got them all hard again, watching her,
moving up and down on him, moving slow, then fast, thighs pumping, breasts
bouncing and rolling, and she crying all the time, crying and gasping and
moaning, but fucking, until they all did it to her again, all at once, one in
her cunt, one in her ass, one in her mouth.

      Victor told them all to come back next Christmas.

      And then Victor made her suck Dominick off and then himself.

      "Do you want to whip her some more?" Victor said.

      "No. But --" And Dominick told him what he wanted. About his promise to
make Miss Rockham perform for him on command.

      "Why not?" Victor said. "You hear that, Sylvia? You will make yourself
available to Dominick any time he wants you, any way, any place. Understand? As
he says, he calls you and says I'm coming up and I want you naked, you do it.
He says I want to find you on your knees with your mouth open, you say yes,
sir. He wants you spread out on your stomach with your pants off and your skirt
up, you lie, you spread, you prepare. And if he wants you down here to suck on
his cock for a couple of hours as he sits behind his desk, you'll come down and
you'll do it and do it well. Is that all clear, Sylvia?"

      "Yes," Miss Rockham said flatly, expressionlessly, hopelessly. "That's
clear."

      "Good. I want you to take good care of her, Dominick. I want you to put
her through her paces. I'm sure you can keep her in her place. And if at any
time she gives you any trouble at all -- well, you just tell me. But I don't
think she will. Will you, darling?"

      Miss Rockham was beyond tears, but not beyond fear. She was sallow. "No,"
she whispered. "No. I won't, Victor. No."

      And she didn't.

                            (nc, rape, torture, etc)

WARNING: All Fantasia stories contain some or all of the following:
Non-consensual sex, rape, bondage, heavy pain, torture, incest, degradation,
underage characters. If these things offend you, don't read.

         .............................................................

                                  THE DOORMAN
                                by V.P. Viddler

                                    Part Two

      Dominick was living in a phantasmagorical dream of lust. And power. He
did call her to say he would be at her apartment in five minutes and that he
wanted to walk in and find her on her knees in the hall with her mouth open.
And he did.

      The first time he made Miss Rockham hide under his desk and suck him on
her knees for hours as he did his job, he came six times down her throat. At
times he was afraid that people passing might hear her muffled sobbing, but
nobody did. At one point he had to piss badly, but didn't want to leave his
position. So he used her mouth.

      "I'm going to piss down your throat," Dominick said when nobody was in
hearing distance.

      "What?"

      "I didn't tell you to take your mouth away, Miss Rockham."

      "Oh no -- no -- you can't -- please --"

      "I am. And you take it all, you hear? Swallow it down. And don't throw
up. You got it?"

      "Please I can't no I can't do that look I please just --"

      "I can call Victor," Dominick said.

      A gasp. A whimper.

      "Should I do that?"

      "No! No. Please. No."

      "Will you do it, Miss Rockham? Will you swallow my piss all down?"

      "I -- I -- Yes." So softly.

      "What?"

      "Yes I will. Yes. Oh you filthy --"

      "Right now, Miss Rockham. I want that mouth around my prick right now."

      And he heard her sobbing as he felt her sweet soft trembling obedient
mouth take him in again. And with a great surge of exaltation Dominick pissed
into that mouth, pissed down that gasping throat, pissed and pissed until he
had no more piss to piss, and felt her swallowing, crying as she did, and he
laughing, loving the feeling of that throat working, working to drink his hated
disgusting piss into her belly. Gagging sounds. Sobs. Gagging. But that mouth
not moving from his cock.

      So now he could force Miss Rockham to do anything he could think of. And
one day he called her up. "What I want today," Dominick said, "is something a
little different, okay? You with me, Miss Rockham?"

      "What is it," she said wearily. It was such a thrill knowing that she had
to do anything he said, and that she knew it, and that she knew he knew it, and
that she hated it and had to do it anyway.

      "What I want," Dominick said, "Is to come up to your apartment and find
you hanging from the ceiling. By your wrists, you know? Your wrists tied
together and you dangling from that chandelier in your living room. Doesn't
that sound delicious, Miss Rockham?"

      "What -- how -- it --"

      "Stark naked, of course. So I can see that gorgeous body pulled all tight
and straining, and those fine round breasts pulling almost flat and your
stomach taut and your legs swinging -- your feet will be off the floor of
course -- just all of you hanging there, waiting for me. God, I can't wait to
see it!"

      She was panting. Fright. Fear. Hatred. Humiliation. "But it will --"

      "Hurt? Oh yes, I'll bet it will. Victor would love it, don't you think?"

      A gasp. "Oh god! But -- but how can I -- I can't do that -- I won't be
able to --"

      "Ah," Dominick said. "That's right. You won't be able to do that by
yourself, will you? I guess you'll just have to find help."

      "H-help? What -- what --"

      "Tell you what, Miss Rockham. You recall those three guys who were down
here in the lobby last Christmas?"

      "Oh god. Oh god no. Please no."

      "Now don't worry, see, two of them don't live here, they're just friends
of the third guy. But that guy, his name is Barry Trull and he lives in
apartment six J. Now, I think if you were to go down there and knock on the
door and ask this Barry Trull very nicely, he might just be willing to do that
little thing for you."

      "Oh my god! You can't -- you can't be --"

      "I can't? Why not, Miss Rockham? You're not shy, are you? Old Barry
didn't think you were shy when you were humping him in the lobby and sucking on
his friend's cock and taking his other pal up your ass."

      "Dominick -- please --"

      "Remember what I said, Miss Rockham. Stark naked. Hanging by your wrists.
Swinging. I'll be there at six o'clock. Don't disappoint me, Miss Rockham.
Because Victor said --"

      "Oh god wait please I can't I can't no listen I'll --"

      But Dominick had hung up.

      Trull knew why she was there. Dominick had told him obviously. A scraggly
pimply unattractive youth with bad breath. And she had to get him to put her
into bondage for Dominick.

      "Just what do you want me to do?" Trull said, and she had to tell him. in
detail. And she had to do it on her knees. He wouldn't allow her to talk
without being on her knees. So she knelt in front of him and she told him
exactly what Dominick wanted him to do with her, although he already knew. And
Trull said, "Sounds like an awful lot of trouble. What's in it for me?"

      "What --" holding back her tears and her shame and her disgust because
she had to do this. "What do you want?" Not that she didn't know, it was only a
question of which way and how many times and how horribly humiliating it was
going to be.

      "Old Dom is showing up at six," Trull said. "That's four hours from now.
I want you till five-thirty. At five-thirty I'll string you up just the way he
wants you and leave you for him. But until then I get you. All to myself. And
you do everything I want. And by god I'll use all of you, I can fucking promise
you that. Is it a deal?"

      Sylvia couldn't talk. But she nodded.

      And in those three and a half hours she did everything for him. From
licking his ass to drinking his piss. From wiping his gism off his cock with
her hair to taking him in her ass with her head in the toilet bowl. From
crawling at his feet to sucking off his dog. And finally he took her back
upstairs and obligingly bound her wrists tight and flung the rope over the
chandelier in her living room and hauled her up until her feet were well clear
of the floor, her arms pulling almost out of her shoulders, her body taut and
straining and helplessly arousing, her breasts tight and high, her legs kicking
wildly, then dangling, all of her swaying, stretching, turning slowly, slowly
in the wind.

      "Notice I didn't put a mark on you," Trull said as he was going.
"Dominick wants you unmarred. I had to restrain myself. But --" And he was
grinning at her --  "but that's okay. I'll have you again when he's finished
with you. He's going to leave you right there for me, just that way. He told
me." And Sylvia started to scream, and, laughing, he was out the door.

      It was sheer agony hanging there. Horror. She must pass out. But she
didn't. And at six o'clock Dominick came in.

      "Christ!" Dominick said. "What a sight! What a fucking fantastic
tremendous fabulous sight!"

      "Please," Miss Rockham said, moaning. "Oh god what -- what are you going
to --"

      "I'm going to hurt you," Dominick said. "I was thinking about how much I
enjoyed hurting you with Victor, and now Victor isn't here, just us. And I want
to hurt you, Miss Rockham. I thought about your snobby stuck-up asristocratic
body for years and then I got to fuck it. And now I've had that body over and
over, in every way there is. And I've hurt it too. But not like I'm going to
hurt it today. Down in the lobby Victor always had to gag you so you couldn't
scream and attract passers-by. But there will be no gag today, Miss Rockham.
Today you can scream all you want. And you will. You're going to scream your
sexy little guts out for me, Miss Rockham. And I'm going to love it. I'm going
to drink it in like music."

      "I'll give you anything," Miss Rockham said. She was sweating and hurting
and her voice was shaking and strained. "Listen, Dominick, I'll give you
anything you want. I can make you rich, Dominick. I can make you into a rich
man, and --"

      "Do you want me to call Victor?" Dominick said.

      "No. No! God no."

      "Well now," Dominick said. "I can call old Victor, right here, with this
phone. Or I can hurt you. Which will it be, Miss Rockham? You choose. Which
shall I do?"

      "Hurt me," Miss Rockham said.

      "Ask me nicely," Dominick said.

      "Please hurt me, Dominick," Miss Rockham said. "Please make me scream for
you. Please."

      "All right, Miss Rockham. Sylvia. All right. I will do that."

      And he did. For a long time. And she screamed all right. Until she was
hoarse, and still she didn't stop screaming. And finally he fucked her. Not
bothering to take her down, just fucking Miss Rockham just as she was, standing
in back of her with his hands clamping her breasts, bringing howls from her
howling mouth, with his cock up her ass and her body bucking and twisting and
her long curving shapely smooth luscious soft alluring legs twitching and
flailing.

      And at last Dominick was finished with her. Miss Rockham could hardly
talk, but when he picked up the phone to call Trull she begged him not to leave
her for him. "Oh, I won't," Dominick said. "I'm going to stay and watch." And
that's what he did too.

      "Not that," Miss Rockham was saying. "Not that. Don't let him do that.
Please, Dominick, don't let him. Please dear god I'm begging you. You can't let
him do that to me dear sweet god no."

      "Isn't it fine when they beg that way?" Trull said. His cock was hard
again.

      "Yeah," Dominick said. "But hey, man, why don't you just whip her some
more? I was really digging the way she was jerking around and kicking and
howling when you laid that springy bamboo across her back. And when you whacked
it across her breasts, Christ, I was coming in my pants."

      "So now I'm gonna try something else. So what? This will really make her
shout, man."

      "But you're gonna mark her up that way. Not just those pretty stripes
acorss her body, man, but permanent marks, you know?"

      "So what? I'm gonna turn those tits into ashes, man. Charred black humps
of scar fucking tissue. And then I'll start on her legs, baby. Now if you want
to stick your cock inside that body while I'm putting some of these things out
on her, man, you'll get the wildest ride of your life."

      "Call Victor," Sylvia said. "I'd rather have Victor than that."

      "Why not?" Dominick said.

      "No," Victor told him. "I don't want Sylvia to have scars. But I am not
one to spoil a party. If you want to burn someone, I'll send a girl over for
you."

      "Shit," Dominick said. "Too much."

      And Victor was as good as his word. In ten minutes the doorbell rang. It
was a girl. A young girl. A high school girl. Looking like the young Brigitte
Bardot with her long blonde hair and pouty lips and lovely face and superb
body. And she was trembling all over. And could hardly get out the words she'd
been commanded to say. "I -- Victor sent me for you. Victor says you can do
anything to me you want. He says don't worry about scars. Victor says you can
burn me all you want. And that I scream very loudly." She was crying. "And I
fuck like a million dollars."

      "Holy shit," Trull said. "What's your name, darling?"

      "Penny." Crying.

      "Can you suck cock, Penny?"

      "Yes." Crying.

      "I think," Dominick said, "I would like to stretch Penny out on Miss
Rockham's four-poster bed and tie her spread-eagled, very tightly, and strip
her body bare, and put my cock inside her and let you put out those cigarettes
of yours all over her young luscious voluptuous mouth-wateringly nubile body.
And I will lie on top of that body with my cock all the way up her tight little
cunt and I will feel that body wriggle every time you grind a burning cigarette
slowly out into Penny's delicious young flesh. Feel it bucking and twisting and
writhing and thrashing and squirming, feel it straining upwards, desperately
pulling against the tight unyielding bonds, all of it straining and arching and
spasming with pain. As she screams and shrieks and howls and shouts to bring
the walls down."

      Penny was crying and shaking.

      "I want her to suck me off with that crying mouth," Trull said.

      "Take me down," Miss Rockham said. "For pity's sake please take me down."

      "No," Dominick said. "You can hang there and watch."

      First they told the girl to strip for them, but as she was doing it both
of them whipped her, Trull whipping her round ass with his springy bamboo so
that she had to keep jumping and twisting around, and Dominick using a thin but
vicious cord to lash at her hands as she was trying to undo buttons and snaps
and laces. So that it was a most agonizing process for the girl and took a long
long time. But finally Penny was naked and crawling around the room on hands
and knees as they lashed at that pitiful crying degraded body. Then Trull
indeed got his wish as he fucked Penny's sobbing mouth and as he did so
Dominick took her up the ass, clutching at her round firm breasts, pinching the
nipples, clamping the breasts hard, making the girl cry out and moan around
Trull's cock until it shot its gism far down her throat. And finally they bound
her to the bed and did what they had said they would do and Penny's howls shook
the walls.

      "Take Sylvia down and put Penny up there, how about it?" Trull said.

      "Upside down," Dominick said.

      So Sylvia was put on her knees, wrists still bound, and Penny was hung up
by her ankles, her hair falling down to hang in midair, Trull pulling her up
until her face was level with his crotch. Holding her by the nipples to keep
her from turning, he was fucking her pouty crying upside-down mouth.

      "Miss Rockham," Dominick said. "If I told you to go down to the lobby
right now, just as you are, and suck off the doorman on duty down there, what
would you do?"

      "I would do it," Miss Rockham said.

      "Do you want to?"

      "No."

      "Shall I make you?"

      "No."

      "Do it, Miss Rockham. Right now. Just like that. Stark naked, wrists
tied, whip marks all over you, hurting and exhausted and shamed and sick and so
debased you can't even think about it. Go down there and go to your knees on
the floor and ask that doorman if you can suck his cock until he comes down
your throat. And give him the best blowjob you ever gave anybody. Go."

      And Miss Rockham did just that. That.

      Dominick left Barry Trull happily fucking a screaming Penny on the floor.
By now there was harldy a square inch on the young girl's body that was not
marked by angry burns. Trull, fucking her, was deliberately thrusting and
grinding and pounding his body against hers, so that each thrust brought
unbearable agony as her tortured body was roughly abraded both front and back.
And yet Trull was making her curl her legs around him and move hard with his
rhythm, contributing to her own continuous pain. "Damn," Dominick had said a
moment ago, "there's a small patch of thigh right here that hasn't been burned
yet." "Well Christ," Trull said, panting. "Do something about it." And he had,
greatly adding to Trull's pleasure as Penny's writhings and twistings became
even more frantic with that glowing cigarette pressing into her soft spasming
flesh.

      Dominick now went down to the lobby. The night doorman had a goofy grin
on his face. Behind his desk Sylvia was still kneeling, as he had last seen
her, naked, hands tied.

      "I take it you've carried out your commission," Dominick said.

      "Jesus shit Christ!" the night man said. "Do you know what she --"

      "Yes. I do. Was it the best you've ever had?"

      "Hell, yes!"

      "It's a good thing."

      "My wrists hurt," Sylvia said.

      "Good," Dominick said. "But actually, Miss Rockham, I think you would
look still better if those hands were tied in back of you."

      "Can I do it?" the night man said.

      "No. Sylvia. Go upstairs and ask Trull to do that for you. Do whatever
you have to do to get him to do it. Then come back."

      "Oh god," Sylvia said. "Oh you bastard." And slowly she got up and walked
to the elevator.

      It was a while until she came back. With her hands bound behind her.
Tightly. And walking painfully. Dominick watched her breasts jiggle as she
approached.

      "What did you have to do?"

      Sylvia swallowed. "I -- I fucked him."

      "That's it?"

      "No. First I had to -- I had to stand still while he -- he burned me --"

      "What! But Victor said no scars!"

      "I -- that was -- he -- did it where it wouldn't leave any scars."

      "Christ! You mean right up your --"

      "Yes. And then I had to fuck him."

      "Sounds damn painful," Dominick said. "And you can fuck me too. Right
now."

      "Oh no."

      But Dominick was sitting down, his cock out. "Right across my lap, Miss
Rockham. Hurry up."

      "Oh you bastard," Sylvia said, coming to him. "Oh you filthy pig." Crying
now, awkwardly straddling his lap with her hands bound behind her. Gasping as
with her feet on the chair rungs she raised herself for his stiff cock. "Ah!
Ahh! God! Oh you -- ahhh!" Crying out in pain as she lowered that shaking body
onto him.

      "Holy Jesus H.!" the night man said.

      "Move it, Miss Rockham," Dominick said. "Up and down, that's it. Just a
bit faster. That's great. I bet it hurts, right, Sylvia? Oh yes, I bet that
hurts just awful."

      "You scum," Miss Rockham said, moving. "You filthy scum!" Up and down.
Sobbing. Gasping. "Oh god it hurts! Let me stop. Please let me stop."

      "No, Sylvia. Don't you dare stop." Dominick grasped a handful of her long
dark hair and with it pulled her head back forcefully.

      "Ahhh!"

      "If I want you to keep moving, you're going to keep moving. Aren't you,
Miss Rockham?" Jerking the hair down, forcing her head sharply back. "Aren't
you?"

      "Augghh! Yes! Yes! I am. Oh please. Yes. I am. I will. I'm sorry. Oh god
--"

      "Harder," Dominick said. And Miss Rockham obeyed him.

      "Miss Rockham," Dominick said, as she, moaning, gasping, sobbing, did his
bidding. "I'm going to call Victor and ask him for one more Christmas present.
It's going to be a party. A Christmas party. Right here in the lobby. And this
whole building will get invitations. Actually it will be a sort of a Christmas
orgy. And who do you think will be the Santa Claus?"

      "No," Miss Rockham said. "Oh no. Not that. You couldn't --"

      "But Victor could. He might supply us with other girls, like Penny. I can
see them bound up against the walls, like ornaments. At the disposal of the
guests. But the main attraction will be you, Miss Rockham. A gift for
everybody. Anybody who wants you. In any way. All night long."

      "No no no no no no no."

      "Yes, Sylvia. Now kiss me, Miss Rockham."

      Kissed by a sobbing mouth, Dominick opened his lips so that Sylvia,
knowing she must, would put her warm quivering tongue into his mouth. Forcibly
making love to him with her soft lips and probing tongue and crying mouth.

      And on Christmas Victor had Miss Rockham submit to all who wanted her,
which included all the male tenants of the building and a lot of folks from
outside. All night long a sobbing, degraded, crawling woman was sucking and
fucking and using all of that spectacular body. And all Christmas day Victor
had Miss Rockham standing in the lobby like a Christmas tree, stark naked, her
body streaming with gism like tinsel, her nipples an angry tortured red like
ornamental lights, her magnificent legs spread apart to display her gift to the
public, hanging by her hair, which was lashed to the big lobby chandelier.

      "Dominick," Victor said. "I don't think I've gotten around to your
Christmas tip yet. Allow me to make up for that. This is Priscilla."

      She was young and beautiful with a body that stopped his heart. And she
was frightened.

      "Priscilla has the most fabulous legs," Victor was saying. "Don't you,
darling. Just step back so Dominick can see all of them. And lift your skirt."

      Priscilla was moaning.

      "Now next Christmas..."




                                    THE GANG
                                by V.P. Viddler

      All four of the chicks that we Bastards captured from that uptown gang
had an attitude problem -- at first. But it got lost damn quickly. As soon as
they saw what we did with the fifth one. Who wasn't in condition to come along
with us. Maybe she's still hanging around up there. Hanging by her wrists.

      That's how Judy was hanging.

      Not right away though.

      Anyway, four uptown chicks in our clubhouse. Trying to tough it out. Not
for long.

      My favorite was a redhead. April. Kind of skinny but not skinny in the
bosom. Crazy hips. April was first. Dash put her out in the middle of the floor
and told her to strip. Just like that. All of us sitting around, standing
around. Guys and girls both. Told April to strip. April didn't look too good, I
could tell how scared she was, but she just stood still. Didn't do anything. So
Dash grins and asks what her name is and she says April and Dash says, "April,
you can go two ways. You can strip or you can scream. All night long. I'd like
to hear you screaming all night long. What do you say?" April stripped. Crying
all the while. And Dash said, "Anybody want this skinny broad?" And I said I
did. So Dash said, "Do it to her. Right now. Lay down, April." April was
crying, but she did it, and I got naked and did it to her, and it was damn
good.

      The brown-haired chick was Dawn, that's what she said, and Dawn wasn't
about to cry. But still she was afraid. Dash didn't tell Dawn to strip. He said
she had a sexy mouth. And that was damn right, it was a pouty kind of round,
soft mouth with full lips. Dash said Dawn could probably suck like a bitch.
Dawn said, "No way." But she was sort of shaking. Dash was grinning again, and
he took his dick out, all big and hard and stiff, and Dawn said, "Christ," and
Dash said, "Suck this." Dawn looked around, and this chick was in like no man's
land, a goddam captive, and nothing and nobody could or would do anything to
help her. Dash was just waiting, waiting and grinning at her, and Dawn had to
be thinking about that girl uptown and thinking how it could be her, and all of
us waiting and Dawn said, "Oh god, oh Jesus god," and slowly sank down onto her
knees. And Dawn thought she was going to say something, but Dash said, "Do it,"
and Dawn did it. Dash had her sucking him for about half an hour, but still he
didn't come, and at last he told her to stop. And then Dash told her to make
the rounds. Which meant Dawn had to crawl all around that room and suck every
damn guy in the place. Still with all her clothes on, she was crawling on all
fours from guy to guy and sucking all of them off.

      As Dawn was doing this, Dash was torturing the third girl, Abigail.
Abigail was a luscious blonde with a curvy body and a short skirt that turned
us all on, and Dash said, "What's your name, Blondie," and she said, "Abigail,"
and Dash said, "Okay, Abigail, sorry about that, but I'm gonna have to hurt
you." And Abigail said, "Why?" and Dash said, "Because you look so damn sexy
that I can't help it. I just have to watch you in pain. It's going to turn me
on. It turns me on just thinking about it. Watching you in agony. Listening to
you scream. I'll bet you can scream good and hard. Right, Abigail?" "Oh
Christ," Abigail said, and her voice was shaking. And so was her body. "Look,
please, you don't have to do that, I'll do what you want, I will, I'll do it
all." "You bitch," Dash said. "What a cowardly bitch. I want to hurt you so bad
I can't wait." "No," Abigail said, "no please, I'll, look I'll," and Abigail
began unbuttoning her shirt. "Anything," Abigail said, gasping. "Anything at
all, please, I'll --"

      And that's when Judy did it.

      Judy was the fourth girl. And Judy was a goddamn knockout. Judy had long
dark hair and long lusciously curving legs and firm taut breasts and a body
that didn't quit. And also a face that was so pretty I just wanted to kiss and
kiss her. Judy had this black dress with buttons all down its front and anyway
she did what she did so I didn't get to fuck her and I wish to Christ I had,
just once anyway, right into that damn --

      Anyhow, okay, Judy just came forward right into that room and did it. She
said to Abigail, "Don't, for Christ sake, don't grovel to this son of a bitch,
it's not going to do any good, they're going to do what the want to do, and
that's it. Don't give in to him, the fucking bastard."

      And old Dash didn't know what the fuck was going on. "Who the goddamn
hell is this?" Dash says. And Dash looks Judy up and down, and Judy spits at
him. Just like that.

      That did it. Judy was dead right at that point. I knew it right away. I
was already thinking, one less girl for us tonight. Originally four uptown
captives for us to have fun with all night long, now only three. Old April, who
was still naked and still crying, cringing in a corner; Dawn, of the sexy lips,
still crawling from guy to guy; and Abigail, if she was still usable after Dash
was through hurting her.

      Ordinarily, Dash would have strung Abigail up, or spread her out, and
spent hours just torturing her, making her howl in agony and watching her
squirm and twist and beg in vain for him to stop. And if she was conscious
after that it could be loads of fun to fuck her as she moaned and shrieked
continuously with all that pain. But now Abigail might get out of it because
now Dash was staring at Judy, and he wasn't grinning this time.

      Dash got up to stand in front of her. "All right, you fucking cunt," Dash
said. "What's your damn name?"

      Judy says, "It's Judith. So what, you creep?"

      "Judith, huh," Dash says. "Well, now, Judy, you know what I think I'm --"

      And this girl says, "Not Judy. It's Judith."

      "What?" Dash says, not believing this.

      "I said it's Judith," she says. "Not Judy. Judith. You got that? Or is it
too damn complicated for you?"

      "You dirty little bitch," Dash says. "You know what I'm gonna do with
you, Judy? I'm gonna make you my personal slave. That's right, Judy/Judith, I'm
making you my own personal property, my slave and servant and toy and
plaything. I'm gonna lay back and make you do all the shitty things I can think
of. And baby, I can think of a fuck of a lot. You'll wish you'd kept your
fucking mouth shut for good. You can start by stripping the fuck out of that
dress. Right now."

      And Judy said, "Go fuck yourself."

      And that was that.

      That's how come Judy was hanging by her wrists. From that beam in the
ceiling. Dangling at the end of a rope around her wrists. Stark naked.

      But that was nothing special. I'd seen that lots of times. Chicks hanging
so Dash could whip the shit out of them. Or burn their bodies with his cigars
and stuff. All kinds of things Dash could think of to do to a girl, and he did
it for hours.

      But this was special all right. Because Dash was looking to kill Judy.
Slowly. And agonizingly. That's why Judy's legs didn't hang down, kicking and
thrashing the way Dash liked to watch. That's why Judy's legs were bent up in
back of her, almost doubled up. That's why Judy's ankles were tied together
tightly with rope, a long rope, and that's why the other end of that rope was
tied around Judy's neck. In a slip knot. So that Judy had to hold her lower
legs just as they were, tight up behind her, to avoid choking herself. That was
a taut rope too. And it dug into Judy's neck, and if Judy didn't hold those
curvy calves up high in back of her, she was about to strangle. But those
calves were straining as it was, and it was obvious that pretty soon Judy's leg
muscles would get tired. And if that happened -- and it had to happen. I knew
that. Dash knew that.

      And Judy knew that.

      Dash was watching, just sitting and watching. Judy was biting at her lip,
trying to stay strong, trying to hold her legs high, trying to control her
gasping, panting breath. I was watching that body. Straining tautly, with arms
pulled up high, all fucking naked. Judy's breasts. Judy's stomach. Judy's long
shapely thighs. Going to waste. Dash just sitting and watching. Judy's gasps so
loud now. Judy's calves trembling. Trying to relax.

      "All right," Judy said at last. "All right. I'll do what you want. Let me
down."

      "Why should I," Dash said. "I want to watch this."

      "Please," Judy said finally. "I can't -- please."

      "No," Dash said.

      Judy's body was shaking.

      "I don't want to die," Judy said.

      "What's your name?" Dash said.

      "Judith," Judy said.

      "Too bad," Dash said.

      "I -- it's Judy," she said.

      "What?" Dash said.

      "Judy. Judy. It's Judy."

      "No," Dash said. "It's Judy Cock-sucker. Say that."

      "Judy -- Judy Cock-sucker," Judy said, gasping.

      "Say it again," Dash said.

      "Judy Cock-sucker," Judy said. "My name is Judy Cock- sucker."

      "Right," Dash said. "You want to suck my cock, Judy Cock- sucker?"

      "Yes," Judy said.

      "Say it," Dash said.

      "I want to suck your cock," Judy said. "Please let me down, I can't --"

      "Okay," Dash said. "But you gotta suck my cock, Judy. And you better make
it the best damn cock-sucking anybody ever had in all of history. Okay?"

      "Yes," Judy said, frantic now. "I will, I will, I'll do it, I will please
--"

      "All right," Dash says, and so two guys brought Judy down, but only
enough so she was touching the floor with her knees, arms still tightly pulled
up, but at least Judy could relax her calves a little, gasping and groaning
with that bit of relief. But not too much.

      "Okay," Dash said. "Do it. Suck me off."

      And Judy was trying, trying hard, but couldn't reach him, that rope
didn't give enough slack, and though Judy tried frantically, she was only
strangling with the effort.

      So Dash said, "Shit, Judy, that's no good. Back up."

      And they took her up again and Judy began to scream and scream, but not
for long, for she had to have air to try breathing, and Judy's legs couldn't
take that strain now and she was choking and now Judy began to beg Dash as hard
as she could, begging and strangling and choking and pleading. Judy said she
would be his slave, she said she would be his slave for life, all of her life,
and would do anything Dash told her, anything at all, and she said she was his
toy and his plaything, just as he'd said, and would only live to serve him and
give him pleasure and Dash would own her body and soul, own all of her, and
Dash could use her, hurt her, do anything to her and please, Judy said, god
please I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please, anything you want, always,
anything...

      Judy's muscles wouldn't work any more, her calves were sagging, Judy was
gasping for breath. And Dash told April to go to him and suck him off. April
was on hands and knees in front of him and took his dick in her mouth and Dash
sat and had April slowly suck him, sucking him slowly, slowly, as Judy was
strangling, and just as Judy made a last final horrible gurgling sound, Dash
shoot all he had down April's throat, and Dash took April's soft hair in his
hands and held April as she was until he was through and April had to swallow
it all down.

      Judy hung that way all night and April and Dawn and Abigail unwillingly
contributed their soft bodies and mouths and vaginas and assholes to our
lustful pleasures. All night long...




                                   THE RULER
                                by V.P. Viddler

      Back and forth it swung. Back and forth.

      And Amy's eyes followed it.

      Back and forth.

      She couldn't stop staring at it.

      "No," she said.

      But her breasts rose and fell with her accelerated breathing. The breasts
were round and enticing under the tight woolen dress, a dark blue conservative
garment that could not hide her curvy, sensual body. Her delicious-looking legs
were bare, and as the dress clung around her knees the shapeliness of her
calves made my heart beat harder.

      But it had been going strong ever since we'd gotten to her apartment, and
Alan had introduced us. "Amy," Alan had said, "this is Bill. I've told him a
lot about you."

      Which was true.

      I said, "How do you do?" but Amy said nothing. Not to me. She just turned
to Alan, and in a flat, despairing voice she said, "You bastard. Oh, you dirty
rotten bastard."

      "Now, Amy darling," Alan said. "You know you don't mean that."

      "I won't," Amy said. "I won't."

      "No?" Alan said.

      "No. Damn you. No. You just want to show off. Humiliate me. In front of a
stranger."

      "That's right," Alan said. "That's just what I want to do."

      "I won't," Amy said. "Damn you. You can't just -- not like -- I won't
degrade myself for your amusement. I won't!"

      "Okay," Alan said. "Fine. Nobody's forcing you to do anything, Amy. You
know that."

      "Get out," Amy said. "Just go away."

      "Not yet," Alan said.

      "Alan --" And it sounded as though she was holding on in desperation to
her self-control.

      "We'll just sit down awhile," Alan said. "And then we'll go -- if you
want us to."

      "I won't," Amy said.

      "Okay," Alan said. "Sit down, Bill." Alan sat on a sofa and I sat in a
chair.

      Amy went across the room and sat facing us in another chair. "You might
as well leave now, Alan," Amy said. "And don't come back."

      "Right," Alan said.

      And then he took it out.

      It was a thin, stiff wooden ruler, about a foot and a half in length.
Alan took it out and held it.

      "No," Amy said.

      Alan held the ruler loosely in his hand and let it dangle from his
fingers. And then he began to swing it back and forth. Slowly.

      Back and forth.

      Slowly.

      "Don't," Amy said.

      Back and forth.

      Amy looked away. At the wall. At the ceiling.

      "It won't work, Alan," she said. "I don't want this. I don't. I won't."

      "Okay," Alan said.

      Back and forth it swung.

      Back and forth.

      Amy's eyes flickered.

      Closed.

      Opened.

      "No," she said.

      She was looking at it now. Watching it.

      Watching.

      Back and forth.

      Her eyes moving with it. Staring at it. In fascination.

      And she swallowed.

      And her breasts betrayed her rapid breathing.

      And she said, "Please."

      And couldn't stop watching as it still swung.

      Back and forth.

      And then I could hear her breathing. Louder. Almost panting.

      And I got hard, knowing Alan had been right.

      Hard as a rock.

      And Amy moaned.

      "Damn you!" she said. "No. Not like this. Not -- in front of him. Please.
God, please."

      Back and forth and back and forth.

      Amy made a sound like a sob. And then, slowly, so slowly, she got up. Got
up out of the chair and stood, unsteadily. And made a tiny whimpering sound.

      And Alan still swung the ruler.

      Back and forth.

      "Oh," Amy gasped then. "Oh. Oh, I --"

      Alan said nothing. He was watching her and smiling a tiny smile.

      Back and forth.

      Amy took a step toward him, her eyes fastened hypnotically on the moving
piece of wood. "I --" Amy gasped. "I -- I can't --" She took another step. And
another.

      Alan shot me a quick look. A look of triumph.

      Amy saw it. She went red, then white. And stood unmoving for a moment.
But then she moved again. She was whimpering in her throat, and a big tear now
slid down her cheek.

      "All right," Amy said gaspingly. "Oh god --" She was almost to Alan as he
sat on that sofa, watching her approach, letting that ruler sway back and
forth, back and forth. Amy stood watching it, swaying a bit herself. "I --" Amy
said. "I -- oh god, I --"

      Alan waited.

      I waited.

      Amy could hardly catch her breath.

      And then Amy closed her eyes and said, "I want it."

      "What?" Alan said. "What was that, Amy?"

      Amy moaned. "I want it, Alan. Oh. I want it. I want it. You -- oh. Damn
you. I want it."

      "What, Amy?" Alan said. "What do you want?"

      "Oh god," Amy said. "Do it. Do it to me. Damn you. Do it!"

      "Do what, Amy?" Alan said. "Tell me -- and tell Bill -- just what you
want me to do."

      "You know," Amy said.

      "But I want you to say it, Amy," Alan said. "Bill wants to hear you say
it, too. Don't you, Bill?"

      "Yes," I said.

      "Look at us, Amy," Alan said. "Open your eyes. That's it. Now. What is it
that you want me to do to you?"

      Amy was trembling. "Alan --"

      "What?"

      "Please, oh god --"

      "What, Amy?"

      Amy hugged her body with her arms and bowed her head.

      "Hit me," she said in a low, shaking voice.

      "I can't hear you, Amy," Alan said. "Talk louder. What did you say?"

      "Hit me," Amy moaned. "I want it, Alan. Do it. Hit me."

      "You want me to hit you?" Alan said.

      "Oh god," Amy said. "Oh please."

      "Ask me nicely," Alan said.

      "Alan, please. Please."

      "Beg for it," Alan said.

      Amy moaned.

      "Beg me to do it to you, Amy."

      "Please," Amy said chokingly. "I beg you. You bastard. You win, Alan. I
want it, I need it, I'm begging you, I'm --"

      "On your knees," Alan said. "Go down on your knees and ask me again.
Without any name calling."

      "I --"

      "Right now," Alan said as Amy hesitated. "Or I'll go."

      And Amy took a long shaking breath and slowly sank down, slowly down,
down to her knees. And she knelt on the floor in front of Alan, her head
lowered, and Amy said, "Please. I beg you, please do it, Alan, hit me, oh
please, oh god please --"

      And Alan said, "I told Bill I'd have you like this."

      And Amy sobbed.

      "I told you, Bill," Alan said. "Didn't I?"

      "You did," I said.

      "Alan --" Amy said.

      "Look at her," Alan said. "Don't you love it?"

      "God, yes," I said.

      "Amy," Alan said. "You're a sick bitch."

      Amy moaned.

      And Alan said, "Tell us what a sick bitch you are."

      "Alan --"

      "Amy," Alan said. "Do you want me to hit you?"

      Back and forth, back and forth.

      "Yes," Amy gasped.

      "Then tell us," Alan said.

      And Amy said in a small voice, "I'm a sick bitch."

      "Again," Alan said.

      "I'm a sick bitch," Amy said.

      "And you're a dirty cunt, Amy," Alan said. "Right?"

      "Yes," Amy said.

      "Say it."

      "I'm a -- I'm a dirty cunt."

      "And a cock-sucking slut," Alan said.

      "And -- a -- cock-sucking slut," Amy whispered.

      "You'll say anything," Alan said. "Now what will you do, Amy? What will
you do to get me to hit you. Hit you hard. What, Amy?"

      Amy was in agony. An agony of need, and also an agony of shame and
humiliation. It took her a moment to say it, but she did.

      "Anything," Amy said. "I'll do anything."

      "Anything?" Alan said.

      "Alan please --"

      "Amy?"

      "Yes," Amy sobbed. "Yes! Anything. I'll do anything you say, anything you
want. Please do it now, Alan. Please. I want it so much, I can't stand it. I'll
do what you want, you know I will. You can do anything you want to me."

      "That's good, Amy," Alan said. "Can Bill do anything he wants to you
too?"

      "God," Amy said. "You -- yes. Yes, Alan. Please."

      "Tell him," Alan said.

      And Amy turned that agonized so pretty face to me and said, "You too. You
can do what you want to me. I'll do anything you say. Yes. Oh god yes --"
Sobbing and gasping, hating what she was doing, loving what Alan would do to
her.

      "Maybe you should do it now, Amy," Alan said.

      "No!" Amy cried. "Alan, I can't wait, please Alan, please, I'll be good
for you, I'll be so good --"

      "Poor Amy," Alan said mockingly. "But she's probably right, it will be
better afterward. You'll be truly enthusiastic when you're in pain. Won't you,
Amy darling?"

      "Oh god --"

      "All right, Amy," Alan said. "I'm going to hurt you now."

      "Yes! Oh --"

      "Lie down, Amy," Alan said. "On the floor. Right down on the floor on
your stomach. Go on."

      And Amy, gasping, sobbing, did as Alan said, lay down on the floor on her
front, flat out. And her round softly jutting ass was squirming just very
slightly, as though in anticipation. I could hear her panting.

      And Alan said, "Pull up your dress, Amy. So I can hurt you properly."

      And Amy, moaning, brought her hands to her skirt, one on each side, and
pulled it up. Up over her legs. Up over her thighs. Fantastic thighs. And lay
there with her legs bared, those long, fabulously shapely, curvaceous,
mouth-watering sexy sensuous legs. Bare.

      "All the way," Alan said.

      And Amy pulled that skirt up past her hips to her waist. Showing black
panties.

      "Pants off," Alan said.

      And Amy slid her panties down. Slid them down over her ass and down her
thighs and down her calves and off. And lay flat again, dress around her waist,
naked from the waist down. Shaking. Moaning. Waiting.

      "Arms out," Alan said, and Amy spread her arms up and out, lying like a
sacrificial offering, prostrate on the rug.

      And Alan said, "Now."

      And Amy caught her breath.

      And Alan raised the wooden ruler, holding it high.

      And Amy hissed in fear and anticipation.

      And Alan brought his arm down with such force and swiftness that I saw
just a blur, and then the wood struck against Amy's curving flesh with a sharp,
loud, sickening CRACK!

      And Amy screamed.

      And Alan did it again.

      And Amy screamed again.

      CRACK! Again.

      Howl from Amy.

      WHAP!

      Awful cry from that straining throat.

      Again and again.

      On and on.

      And Amy still lay there. Spread out. Naked below the waist. Squirming,
writhing, twisting sharply with each blow. But staying as she was.

      WHACK!

      "AAAAIIIEEE!"

      Alan was panting. "Shall I stop, Amy?" Alan said.

      "NO! NO! Please, no, more. Please don't stop, dont --  AUUGGGHH!
AAOOOWW!"

      On and on.

      Alan struck her ass and also her thighs. All down those wonderful
outrageously glorious thighs. Marks on Amy's ass and down her thighs.

      And Alan stopped.

      "No!" Amy pleaded. "More, god, it hurts so much, I want --"

      "Amy," Alan said. "Suck Bill off."

      I couldn't say anything.

      "Alan --" Amy said.

      "Now, Amy," Alan said.

      "I don't want to," Amy said.

      "I'll stop," Alan said.

      "No!" Amy said.

      "Go to Bill and suck him off," Alan said.

      And Amy slowly, painfully, got up on all fours. And slowly, painfully,
crying now, Amy crawled on hands and knees to my chair. And stopped in front of
me. And, on her knees, opened my fly. And took out my cock.

      "Alan," Amy said.

      "All fours," Alan said. "Do it right, Amy, and I'll go on hitting you as
you do it. But only if you do it right. I want Bill to enjoy this. That's why I
brought him."

      And Amy got on all fours, and then she lowered her head and took my cock
into her mouth. That mouth was warm and soft and moist. And Amy took me in all
the way. Quivering lips around my flesh. Licking tongue. Clutching throat.

      And Alan hit her on the ass, hard. Amy howled around me cock, and I
almost came. And then Amy began to suck. Sucking. Yelling. Alan hitting her.
Amy's head bobbing, long dark soft hair touching my crotch, body jerking at
each blow, mouth, lips, tongue.

      I couldn't hold back. I came, spurting hard into Amy's screaming throat.
And Alan said, "Swallow, Amy. Swallow it all." And Amy did, gulping,
swallowing, choking, and then Alan hit her hard and fast, and Amy collapsed
back onto the floor on her back, body spasming wildly, coming. She flung her
legs widely apart, humping her body.

      "Alan!" Amy cried. "Take me! Now!"

      "Open your dress," Alan said.

      "No! Not that! I want you, Alan, please, do it to me, right now, please
--"

      "Open your dress, Amy."

      "Oh god, oh god, oh Jesus," Amy gasped. But she reached for her collar
and did something to a button and then Amy pulled that dress apart, baring her
breasts to us. No bra. Just Amy. Full, round, firm, quivering breasts with
hard, stiff pink nipples. And Alan raised his hand, and Amy said, "No! No!" and
made a halfway motion as if to cover herself with her hands, and Alan said,
"Bill. Hold her hands." And Amy said, "Oh dear god oh my god oh Jesus I can't
Alan wait I don't think oh Christ --" And I took hold of Amy's hands and
stretched her arms up over her head and pinned her hands down by the wrists.
And Alan said, "Now, Amy." And he cracked the thing across her breast. And Amy
was shrieking and writhing and trying to pull away and I held her wrists down
and Alan sat on her legs and he hit the ruler across her other breast and Amy
was going crazy with pain.

      "You want it, Amy?" Alan said.

      WHAP!

      "Yeeeaaahhh!"

      And now Alan lay down on top of her and tore his pants open and took her,
hard, brutally, lying between Amy's kicking, flailing legs, pounding at her
body, and still hitting her breasts and now her thighs and all over that
twisting body, and Amy was yelling and howling and crying, and I was hard again
and I crawled up over her head, pinning her wrists with my knees, and put my
crotch above her face, and jammed my cock into her mouth. And Amy, howling
around my cock, took my gism down her throat again, and Alan shot inside her
jouncing pussy.

      Alan and I had Amy all night long. Hurting Amy. Fucking Amy. Amy was
ours. All ours. Any day...




                            THE SCREAMS OF THE DOVE
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                    Part One

      It struck him, as he heard the screaming, that it would not be himself
only from whom information was to be sought; although it was obvious that with
him would be employed no such physical crudity. Still, it was not to be put
down, that frisson of trepidation for himself and of horror for that other
whose sounds of profound agony continued to ring out, hardly muffled by walls
dividing him from its -- intentionally, no doubt -- proximate source.

      Now, as the screams went on -- for they did go on, almost continuously,
ringing out again and again, shrill, horrific, carrying such burdens of
unendurable, unsupportable anguish that his blood ran chill -- an additional,
and hardly admissible, emotion swam to his consciousness, an emotion no sooner
known than -- as much as possible -- cast out. But it would not stay out.
Listening, it was not to be put away, that stirring of his blood, that small
but significant tumult in his loins. For it was indubitable that the screams,
such loud, such awful screams, so insistent in their unrhythmic but unceasing
repetition, could only come from a woman. A woman, probably, from the sound of
it, young. A woman, most probably, innocent of anything calling for such
torment; for any information in such possession could without question be
extracted by far less extremity. A woman, thus, probably attractive, on whom
was practiced such arts of persuasion, appropriate or not, by which her
inquisitors would gratify such lust for pain and for the thrills of knowing her
agony as -- it must, it would be admitted -- he himself, hearing, listening,
could not stop his mind and his blood from absorbing and even, alas,
envisioning.

      No doubt she was young, no doubt attractive; no doubt, at this moment, as
the screaming burst forth with fresh horror or torture, in a position of
restraint, in which such twistings and strugglings against the bonds of her
captors as would necessarily, on her part, be brought forth, would add to that
lustful, lubricious happiness with which those madly obsessed and uniformed
characters would watch her. Thinking of it, again a stirring of his loins
partly dismayed, partly aroused him, and he could not but think of it. The
woman would be, must be, unclothed; in shameful nudity must she be hanging, or
tautly lying, or sitting, bound, in a chair of pain; twisting, writhing in
horrible, insupportable submission to that form of punishment -- they would
call it persuasion -- which had been utilized for this purpose.

      Was it a whip? He could not, try as he might, but ask. A knout? A
branding iron? Or some possibly unknown to him instrument, causing that pain,
that anguish, that his aroused imagination saw as producing that struggling and
straining and lubricious, almost wanton writhing the picturing of which so took
him from his own plight as that unknown victim screamed and screamed and
screamed...

      And it may have occurred to him, upon his awakening from a sudden loss of
consciousness, that his arousal was just the point of his having found himself
in a position to witness, aurally, that which had passed so near to and so far
away from him. It was that his captors, divining his proclivities in that
direction -- hardly, truth to say, unusual -- had, on him, utilized a
particular form of persuasion -- at least, a first or initial stage of it -- in
tandem with, if not simply as the principal spring for, that more obvious
persuasion inflicted on that horribly, thrillingly screaming victim.

      For now, as it surprisingly imposed itself to his awareness, he was not
still solitudinous. With him, sitting in unstirring calm to all outward
appearance, was another, and a woman. Startling as this was, he at first almost
thought of it as an apparition, a lingering vision from his until just now
slumbering state. But no, it was truly as it may be said to have been seen,
though by him only.

      His first thought, upon realizing this fact, was such a mental inquiry as
might only naturally, if irrationally, occur, as to the possibility of this
being that very, that same woman whose agony had only this morning saturated
the room, through the walls, in which now they both sat. Nothing in that face,
nothing in that posture, indicated such a conclusion; and still that inquiry
was unstilled. This woman, upon whom for a long portion of time, as it struck
him, he gazed, and who only sat, unmoving, unspeaking, still as that chair that
held her, and yet also pulsing with a kind of living vibration which must at
least now go unnamed, gave no outward show, now, of discomfort. Not, he further
thought, looking still, in a physical form, but possibly -- that thought had to
go fractional.

      This woman was, no doubt, young -- to his judging, not more than
twenty-five, nor less than twenty. And most assuredly was she, to his thinking,
attractive, with a strongly oval face in which were situated a most pleasing
and, he thought of it, striking an arrangement of features. Most striking of
all, perhaps, her dark and soulful eyes, gazing at him, at what at any moment
they saw, with at once a profound calm and a most vivid vivacity, a
contradiction which struck him as absurd as it still struck him as singularly,
exquisitely right. The calm diluted with a consciousness, as it might be said,
of all that was vivid, also had its cognition in her carriage, her posture, her
figure in all.

      Still he could not forego that thought of this woman as embodying for him
that same imaged victim so brightly in his mind that morning. That body was now
fully clothed, and unbound -- though he had no illusion of liberty, for her or
for himself, beyond the boundaries of that room -- and that body, thoroughly
still, thoroughly elegant, thoroughly poised, called to him, in a way, his way
of looking at it, across that room; the long dark hair also was a part of that
elegant charm, swaying so slightly, so softly, with no definite causality; but
was that body the body upon which that horror had played which had resulted in
such recalled, such agonized screams? He was burning to know; that question was
on his tongue's tip, so compulsively that the impossibility of asking it
translated him to silence as to anything to say at all to her.

      It was, finally, she who spoke first. "I am sorry to disturb you this
way," she said, in a tone low but clear, and as with all of her, calm but still
vivid, "but you must understand that it is not my choice. I am put here, and
must stay as I am put."

      It was not to be said why, but having her speak, or perhaps what she said
or how it was said, magically almost totally lifted from him that inhibiting
access of compunction which kept him from voicing it all, anything. If he had
again allowed a chance for thought, that moment must have absconded with
alacrity; but out it came, and as he said it his blood was rushing, to his face
and to his loins. "Was it, then -- was it you -- this morning -- that I
heard..." Trailing, horribly, off, he saw look into his those dark fathomless
eyes, that calm yet all-acknowledging face.

      "Screaming?" The eyes did not drop, the voice did not tremble. "Yes. It
was I."

      And that was all. All, that is, for many moments, in which again his
burning, his importuning curiosity, pushing itself gradually, insinuatingly
forward, won its slow ground, its hard fight, against such propriety as still
hung on in him. She sat, as it were, waiting, knowing that he must ask.

      "What did --" He had to draw breath, as if drawing blood. "What did they
do to you?"

      She was still, and at last, from, as he saw, that profundity of pain
impossible to face, only shook her head. But waiting, his stillness matching
hers, he had finally a word, and that word was the most chilling sound of all.

      "Nothing that they have not done before."

      Nothing, she might well have said, that they would not do again; and in
that soft, calm, unwilling yet helpless knowledge of hell he found a horror
unknown, unknowable, unthinkable; and at once an arousal, a rabid animal lust
for just that horror, as caused him, once again, to black out...

      Drugs certainly, it had to be drugs, as floating once again to slow
consciousness it was brought to his mind, slowly, how difficult it was to move
his limbs. At last he found floating to his sharpening mind a realization that
it was his condition of restraint which was the difficulty. His arms, his legs,
tightly roped at wrists and ankles, pinning him, lashing him, into the chair he
sat in, making him, so to say, a part of it, immobile as itself. Nor was that
all of shock that was brought home to him; for it was with nothing less than
total, than all-encompassing shock that he discovered his body devoid of that
clothing he had worn, of, not to put too fine a point on it, any clothing, that
is, at all. With this twin shock he had hardly begun to struggle as he swiftly
bethought himself of that other with whom his colloquy had only how much
earlier passed -- he did not know. But swiftly glancing, in his shame and
almost dread, across the room, he colored to his roots to find her still
sitting in that chair, still quiet, still gracefully elegant, still watching
him. Unlike him, her condition was not changed; that vision was still unbound,
still clothed.

      Having caught her eye, he must most quickly look away, in such confusion
and embarrassment that all realization of her fellow captivity was almost as it
had not been known. But as to that, it took only her first words, in reply to
his stumbling ones, to bring it back, and that most fully. "I -- I'm so sorry,"
was his awkward beginning. "I hope you will not -- I can't think why they
should -- it must be --"

      But she was shaking, again, that graceful head. "You mustn't apologize.
Do you think I don't know that you have no more control than I of what is done
to you now?" As he was again starting to speak, she quickly went on. "Wait. I
must tell you --" And now for the first time she did not look at him, but cast
her dark unfathomable eyes on the hard floor. But that soft slow voice was, if
tightly so, unfaltering. "It is I who must apologize to you," she said, adding,
"They told me I must. Now. And they told me that now I must answer, fully and
without stint, anything you may ask me. That I must tell you, if you still wish
to know, what they did to me this morning. So that, if you ask me again, I will
do so."

      It struck him all in a muddle, and it took him a time to sort it out;
during which she again raised her look to his, though with no betrayal of her
thoughts, or emotions, which might in any way affect his. But, but, his could
not help being wafted, on that look, as on a monstrous flood, or rather a
whirlpool; for it was with no fixed, no singular direction that they moved.
Round and round was this frail, listing boat carried, round in a circle of
horror, of terror, of curiosity, of lust, and all in all, of the memory of that
morning's screams. Looking at her watching him, amid whirling thoughts, it was
this he heard.

      "What," he said at last, not looking away from her, not knowing why, "did
they do to you -- this morning. When you screamed."

      That look did not change, that gaze did not flinch, and he could not have
said what it was that almost, in that short but profound split second only in
which she hesitated, almost made him put up a hand, had he one free, to stop
her. But "almost" was what it was. If that voice, as it began, was a bit lower
than its previous wont, it was still most clear, most in control. Which, again,
could only rouse all that contradiction, all that confusion, within him.

      "I was hung by my wrists," she said, so calmly, so shatteringly, "with my
ankles bound widely apart, so that I was stretched, straining, to my limit of
endurance. In this position, many things can be done to a woman. On this
particular occasion, when you heard my screaming, pins were being used on my
body. I was, of course, naked. Pins -- long, thin, sharp pins, with small wood
bottoms for handling -- were slowly stuck into various parts of my body.
Particularly into my breasts. Mostly in my nipples, but not only. This
procedure is most painful. I can bear pain -- I have had to learn to do that. I
can absorb a good deal of it if I must, without making a sound. Which is why
they are always turning to new ways to bring me pain. It inspires them to find
original ways to destroy my will. Always they do that. Always. And this
morning, no doubt, they wanted me particularly to scream. Most particularly.
Thus the pins. And so what you heard was my unstoppable agony as they stuck pin
after pin into my body, pin after pin, slowly, sadistically, pushing them in,
further, always further into my nipples, twisting, turning, pushing --" With a
gasp, suddenly, she caught herself up, going on more softly, as in fascination
and a terrible lubriciousness he sat watching, listening. "And so I had to
scream for them. I always do at last. Scream and scream for their pleasure.
Until it stops."

      And stop was what she did, now, and was still; and it was now obvious
that this narration had aroused him -- all too obvious, to his humiliation, by
that stiff and throbbing part of him which now stood tall from his crotch,
asserting for all -- but alas, she was all the all -- his reaction, his
uncontrollable flood of arousal at what she had said, to all that she had told
him. And the woman sat watching, as it appeared to him, unsurprised, unjudging
of this truth, simply accepting it as to be a natural thing, as if, yes, it
would have struck her as unnatural had it not been so.

      And as his impulse again to apologize was at war with his impulse to ask
her about further things, to ask dark, horrific questions which, as she had
told him, she was bound to answer -- at this point a door was swung open, and
the military, in the body of a man in a captain's uniform, was in the room.

      "It was thought, and is now known," said this arrival, "that the agony
and victimization of a woman, such as this, would find you --" smiling at that
stiff proof of what he said -- "not unamenable."

      "What is it that you want?"

      "But, sir, you know that. But wait -- it is not time just now to discuss
such things. It is most obvious, sir, that Miss Lorna's narrative is not, to
your mind, disgusting. If you wish, I will ask Miss Lorna to go on with that
narrative, and to amplify it in such a way that it will affford you still more
fascination. Miss Lorna, I would ask that you recount to our friend the details
of what took place on that day not so long ago, on which you first offered that
most beautiful body of yours to me, to use as I would."

      "No," was on his lips, if not in his heart; but the woman paid with her
docility only the uniform.

      "I was hanging by my hair," was what first she said, again now without
looking at him; but at once that military visitor -- for so he was thinking of
that uniformed arrival, though this situation was truly that of his playing
host to the two individuals who had, all unwillingly though it was, anticipated
him in that room -- had made it known, with what was introduced as a polite
suggestion, but one which, our man was fully cognizant, had the authority, or
threat, of a command, that it was his wish that she should not avoid the sight,
the look, of him whom she was addressing. On this the woman again raised her
eyes to his, going on with that soft, tight, vividly calm voice, in and beyond
which lay such a limitless growth of dark impossibilities as to almost not
allow him, on his part, to go on gazing at her steady, dark, immeasurable eyes.

      "I was hanging by my hair," she began again; and if, as he thought, in
the slight, almost imperceptible hesitation that followed, her throat just
barely had signalled a swift, involuntary swallowing, no sign of that was in
that voice as it, not hastily but forthcomingly, continued. "It was most
painful. Which, of course, was its point. In such pain, a woman will do almost
anything. And --" again that hardly catchable pause -- "perhaps not almost. To
hang that way is worse than -- I had hung, that morning -- that first morning
of the day I was brought to them -- by my wrists. Not, as I told you I was this
morning, with my legs bound also, but just hanging, with all my weight on my
wrists. For hours. That, I had thought, was the worst that could possibly
happen. I cannot tell you all the agony of it. Hanging that way, all of my body
pulling, straining. For hours. I couldn't pass out, not hanging like that, I
couldn't. And all that time, the men. Soldiers. Watching. Just watching. Not
touching me. Not yet. Just sitting and watching. I was not then naked. I was
fully clothed. Still, they watched. It was my pain that was the attraction, I
know now. Not my body. My body was an attraction too, certainly, but not as
much as my anguish, my awful suffering, which excited them so much. So much.
And their anticipation. Of my broken spirit. Of my submission. For it was from
the first certain that I would submit. To anything. To all of it. And I did.
Submit. But that first morning, that waiting, that watching, as I hung before
them, not knowing what I must do to stop that pain. And I was, oh soon, aware
that I would do almost, as I said, anything. Was I to beg? Was I to offer --
what? I had no valuables. I had no information to give. I had only, I knew, my
body. I could not offer that, although I knew it might be taken. I could do
nothing but cry. I could do nothing but moan. I could do nothing but, at the
last, scream. I had not been touched. I was not nude. I was not -- not then --
tortured in any way but by hanging as I was. And I screamed. Until I couldn't
scream any more. And I knew that I was lost, I was nothing, and that to avoid
that kind of pain I could be made to do anything. I told them that, finally.
When I could not scream any longer. Begging. Babbling. I told them that. I
would, I said, do what they said to do, if only I could know what that was.
Saying it over and over, and hanging, hurting, crying."

      "Stop." It was the captain, cutting into that rising voice. "You grow,"
said this individual, "boring. Was it boring for you? Was it?"

      "I am sorry." And it was with that old calm that she said, though
possibly not with that calm alone, "It was not boring. It was not at all
boring. It was hell. I had to stop it. I couldn't, and I must have known I
couldn't, no matter what I did. But I had to do it. That noon I was taken down.
Unbound. And told to take off all of my clothing. I cried. I couldn't do that.
They said I would be put back up. To hang. Until I did it. I cried. And I did
it. Standing before them and crying and shaking, I did it. I took my clothing
off. All of it. I was not touched. I was told to go down to my knees. I did.
And I was told to crawl. On my hands and knees. And I did that, too. Crawling
around on that floor, on all fours, crying. Until I was told to stop. I knew
what would come. I knew I was to be raped. I was not hurt at that time. The
torturing did not start until the following day. The whippings. The burnings.
The racks. The pins."

      The captain almost, again, spoke, but found it groundless, for that
signal was not unnoticed. "I -- I was waiting, that first day, to be raped. But
I could do nothing. If it was to be, I must bear it as I could. Physically, it
could not be worse than what I had gone through. But spiritually, it was the
most unimaginably horrible thing of all. I was a virgin. Of course. I was a
virgin. But I was a captive, and put to awful pain, and if I was to be forcibly
violated, helplessly taken, I could do nothing. Nothing. But I didn't know.
What I would have to do. For him."

      "Him" was, obviously, the captain, that slim and still military visitor,
who now took in her words with rapt, glittering eyes, smiling slightly,
watching her, watching him, watching, too, him watching her.

      "I was told," the woman was saying, "told by him, that I was to give him
my body. Not to have him take it, but to give it to him. Willingly, as he said.
Voluntarily. I was, in truth, to ask him to take it. Ask him, humbly, to
possess me, to destroy, as he put it, my virginity. I was to ask him to do
this. And to assist him. To do things for him. With him. To him. And, of
course, I couldn't. It was simply not possible that I should do that.
Horrifying. Unthinkable. And so I was hung up by my hair."

      "It was a sight," now the captain put in, "to rouse any saint, any angel,
any castrato. Dangling by that long dark hair, that body twisting, swaying,
those legs kicking. But I interrupt. Our friend is far more fascinated, Miss
Lorna, by your narration than by mine. Do go on."

      "What must I say further?" that lady said. "It was, simply, unbearable.
How long I was that way I do not know, but at last I was utterly, thoroughly,
completely broken. I was broken. I was his. I was theirs. I don't know how I
was able to say anything, but what sounds I made were sounds of submission. I
said I would do what he wanted. I said I would do it all. I asked him to take
my body. I promised to give it to him, to do it for him. I begged him to rape
me. I begged all of them to rape me. I promised I would do all the things that
would give pleasure. I was -- I --"

      "Thank you, my dear," the captain said. "Thus far, as you can no doubt
discern, your tale has had no diminishing effect upon our friend's passion. To
the contrary, obviously; to the most contrary. And now, sir, if you will, you
and I may discuss that small business for which you find yourself in this
involuntary but I think not totally displeasing position."

      "Why should you think I would impart to you anything at all?" our man
watchfully said. "You will not put me to harm."

      "No, alas," and the uniform was profound in sorrowful courtesy. "But such
information as you possess would be so practical in our hands. And to you it is
nothing. While, as it is so undeniably to all our sights, your -- may I again
say, passion -- is not, at all, nothing. And, as it was our beauteous Miss
Lorna who, so to say, brought it so unmistakably to light, it should be Miss
Lorna, do you not concur, sir, who should act as its modus of satisfaction?"

      Looking now, unavoidably, at the woman of whom he spoke, our friend saw
the paling, a drawing in of lip, a shifting of eyes, which if anything
contributed its own odd thrill to that most general thrill which what had been
said had sent through his body, through his soul.

      "What is it that you say?"

      Smiling was our captain now. "I say, sir, that, to begin with, that
mouth, that sexy mouth, Miss Lorna's own most attractive mouth, which has
narrated to you, for your edification and to your delight, that rousing story
of her submission -- a partial story, thus far, though a true account -- should
be -- and will be, if you will allow us that bit of information so important to
us -- only that -- will be, I say, the instrument, the receptacle, if you will,
for your discharging it."

      He could but stare. "You say that --"

      "I do, sir. I say that at that moment in which that information is in my
hands, I will ask Miss Lorna to use that mouth on your so longing, so aching
stiffness. Must I, sir, put it more vulgarly?"

      "No. Not at all. But why would -- what makes you think she would --"

      "Can you doubt that now?" He was, smiling, astounded. "Ask her, if you
wish."

      But he could not.

      "So? Allow me. Miss Lorna, my dear, if I should ask you to use your so
fine mouth to bring our friend to satisfaction, would you not do so?"

      Waiting, both waiting, they still watched. But the woman said nothing.

      "Miss Lorna?" Smiling. Waiting. And the woman said nothing.

      "Ah," our military man said at last. "But, you see, sir, I say she will.
I give you my word on that. I promise you she will. I promise that. On my
honor. I can promise it absolutely."

      "And if not?"

      "And if not," the captain, still smiling, said, "it may call for a bit of
persuasion. Just a bit. You may, sir, wish to watch that persuasion. You may
wish to watch it for a long time."

      "I may," he said, "wish to participate."

      "Ah," the captain sighed. "That could probably be arranged. No doubt it
could."

      "All right." And now with this, finding himself a traitor, and all
uncaring, he looked straight at the girl. "I will do it."

      Looking at that dark gaze he saw all of it, horror, fear, submission, all
that calm, his now to do with as pleased him. That swallowing of the throat now
was not surreptitious. And the woman got up from that chair in which she had
sat from his initial sight of her, got up slowly, and stood, straight, elegant,
graceful. So clear was that voice now. So high that head. So almost still that
slim body, but only for the tiniest, slightest tremor.

      "Do you wish me," she said, "to undress?"

      Her military captor was making the most of this, to him, victory. "Do you
mean," he said, drawing it out for her, for him, for our friend, "first?"

      "Yes," she said, and her look was still on him. "First."

      Our captain, now, in triumph, deferred to him. "Sir?"

      Considering, watching her, waiting, he was all in all.

      "Can she still," his inquiry to our military friend went, "later?"

      "Most of course," said that party. "She will be, sir, at your disposal."

      "Ah. At my... disposal?"

      "For as long," said the captain, "as you wish." And now, only now, the
girl closed her eyes, standing still as she could, before him, waiting, but now
not looking at him, at anything.

      "Then, no," said our friend. "Do not undress."

      But without looking she could not go on, and those eyes met his again.
Moving slowly toward him, that elegant carriage as arousing to him as was that
awful dark gaze and that softly rounded mouth, she stood just in front of his
chair; then, slowly still, went down, her body sinking with an awful grace to
the floor, and she knelt for him. He caught again her eyes for a last long,
lingering look, and then that head bowed to him, that hair was touching his
thighs, those lips closing with his throbbing instrument, and as he found
himself arching his body toward that lowering mouth, arching with anticipation,
he suddenly lapsed, sitting still, wanting her to go after him, wanting her to
do it all. And now, with a groan, he was taken as that soft, soft mouth found
him, took him into it, and her lips closed around him, and soon her mouth was
moving, moving, and as the captain, watching, took down in his book the
information, it was for him as though his world was swaying, rolling, and that
mouth, which had told him of her awful agony, was, although forcibly, giving
him such joy as had not in past days been known to him. Now, shouting, he
erupted into that still taking mouth, filling it with his awful joy, as he
heard again in his mind that morning's screams, knowing he would hear that
sound again...

                            THE SCREAMS OF THE DOVE
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                    Part Two

      "And now you know, sir, why I am in this position. And why I was
instructed to tell you my story."

      "Yes. So that that account of your brutalization, your victimization,
your submission, and your agony should stir my blood to a point at which my
lust for you -- and for your pain -- would conquer my patriotism."

      "That is what our captors had in mind, I am certain."

      "And, as you to your misfortune know all too well, that plan was
successful, was it not?"

      "It was, sir."

      "Your performance was most enjoyable, I must say. Truly -- if I may --
delicious."

      "I will not, sir, thank you for that compliment, for any skill I may have
demonstrated in regard to that humiiating act was acquired with as much
compulsion as was my doing of it."

      "I know that. But I cannot but marvel that suck exquisite joy, such
almost fantastic pleasure as that which was given, however forcibly, by your --
if I may -- your truly luscious mouth, could have come about as a result of
that most horrible anguished pain with which you have so arousingly -- the
accout of which, I should in fact say -- so arousingly entertained me."

      "But you must know that it is the truth, sir, for as I have said, and as
our captain has corroborated, I was, prior to my arrival at this place, utterly
virginal. That long and, as I would have thought, truly insupportable course of
training -- which is what our captors are pleased to call it -- training, or
persuasion, or anything but what it is -- torture, horror, inhuman suffering
and degradation -- that awful training has taught me, most forcibly, to be
skillful at what I must do, always. For it is intimated, if not said outright,
that the giving of pleasure will limit, will minimize, that agony to which I
must always look forward. Of course, that is not always the case. At times, no
matter how I try, no matter how skillful I am at satisfying all their lusts,
all appetite for debasement and humiliation and submission, still that yet
stronger appetite, that hunger for my pain, my agony, that desire to watch my
helplessness and suffering, will not be put down, and all my efforts to assuage
are in vain. And still I must try. I must submit, always, to do what they want
of me; for it is unthinkable, impossible, that I should not grasp at any small
chance, any tiny possibility, of avoiding, even of postponing, any part, any
small bit, of the things that are done to me; that fact rules my life, my
brain, my soul. Of what is done to my body, you have heard part of it in
detail, and part only in summary; and part of it you as yet have not known;
although I have no doubt that I will be told to recount it all to you in time.
This is why, sir, I am able to acquit myself with such skill as I may, in acts
such as that which I was required to perform on you."

      "And that, if I may be so bold, is why I was told that you will do for me
-- anything. Is it not?"

      "That is why."

      "And will you?"

      "You put me, sir, in a most difficult position. It is, I must suppose,
obvious to you that if my choice is to submit to you in all things or to be
again put to torture, I must, as you know, submit."

      "As I have known."

      "As you, as you say, have known. That, indeed, is why our captain could
promise you my docility. I shall, I must, do anything, I stress again to you,
sir, anything to avoid what will be done to me. And thus, sir, if it is my
docility, my obedience, my subjection you wish, you shall, as you are told,
have that for as long as you want it."

      "That is most gratifying, I must say. Most gratifying, and most tempting.
For it is not to be gainsaid that your charms are most attractive. You are a
beautiful woman, Miss Lorna; and no man would fail to desire your favors. Your
face is a vision of angelic loveliness; you possess an elegance and a grace
which stir a man's blood, if I may so say; and, although I am not, alas, in a
position to fairly appraise the glory of that luscious body, I am most positive
that it, too, is a repository of delights that would warm any man's blood. I am
sure of that."

      "As for that, sir, I cannot say. You will, no doubt, if you wish, find
that out for yourself."

      "Indeed, I might have found it out, as you say, earlier today, when you
inquired as to whether you should undress, if you recall, previous to your --
doing what it was that you did."

      "That is so."

      "And I suppose I could find it out, for that matter, now, if I wish to do
so."

      "That is so. For, as I told you, I am, sir, in your power. I have no
alternative."

      "Again, Miss Lorna, I must say you afford much gratification. And yet, I
must tell you, it is not only your body which is arousing to my thoughts -- to
my lusts, if you will forgive my bluntness -- in this strangely unusual
situation in which you and I find ourselves. It is, that is to say, not simply
the fleshly delights, sumptuous and fabulous though they most indubitably are,
which attract my strongest curiosity; not just carnal satisfaction which
arouses my blood and, I must admit it, allows me, if not compels me, to play
into the hands of our captors, and to furnish them with all that information
which they would extract through this unique ploy. That, assuredly, has its
temptations, but it is not my main, my central, my overriding motivation. What
that driving motivation may be, I am sure you will have, by now, an idea."

      "I am afraid, sir, that I can have no doubt of it."

      "Of course. And this idea, I can well understand, cannot, shall I say,
fill your soul with joy."

      "Hardly, sir. In fact it fills me with, as I'm sure you know, horror,
terror, and dread -- to put that in ordinary terms which cannot truly be told
in any words at all. It fills my throat right now with such awful fright that I
can barely talk. And yet I must. It is so horrifying to my mind, to my spirit,
and to my body, that if only I believed it would do any good, have any possible
effect upon your decision, I would plead with you, with all my strength, to
consider what it is you say. I would, sir, go to my knees and most humbly, most
abjectly beg for your mercy. I would promise you anything you desire of me,
anything I could do, could give, could in any way bring about to please your
smallest whim -- except that you have that of me now; and nothing I can do or
say will, I know to my most profound horror, give you pause. I am, sir, yours."

      "You are correct, Miss Lorna. I must ask you to forgive me if you can;
but the fact is that from that instant, this morning, when I, sitting in this
room, heard you screaming; heard, to my, I must say, guilty but excitedly
appreciative delectation, those shrill, agonized, frantic, desperate,
ear-splitting yet absolutely delicious, to my mind, sounds of pain, anguish and
truly inhuman torture; from that moment, I say, that sound has remained a part
of my consciousness; has rung in my brain with that melody, rhythm and harmony
usually associated only with music, music of the highest and most rarified
spiritual essence. That shrill music of pain will not abscond from my thoughts,
or from my blood. It has filled my soul with but one single thought, a bright,
particular craving, to which all -- all -- is subordinate. Patriotism. Honor.
Gallantry. Consideration. Sportsmanship. Humanity. Nothing, nothing will stand
up to it. You know, do you not, Miss Lorna, what that importunate desire is."

      "I am most afraid I do, sir."

      "It is, Miss Lorna, nothing more -- or I should say nothing less, for
undoubtedly there is, will be, more -- than to hear that sound again. To hear
those screams, those marvellous, awful screams -- again. And again. And again."

      "That, sir, is just as I had thought. Is there, sir, I must ask you, is
there nothing -- nothing at all -- that I can do to allay, even to diminish,
that wish?"

      "I am most sorry, Miss Lorna. Hypocritical as that must sound to you, I
am truly sorry for you. But the fact is that, having been given by our captors
this unmatchable opportunity to absorb, to witness, to participate in such pain
as I may wish to impose upon you, I find it impossible to pass up. It is, as
you know, your pain that I want. It is your frantic agony that I look so
forward to experiencing, and this time in an activist position. Nothing in this
life, Miss Lorna, has made me as ecstatic as your screaming has done; and
nothing but that ecstasy can satisfy me now."

      "I could, sir, if it is my screams that so pleasure you, scream for you
on command. I could scream for you any time you may wish, and my screaming, I
promise you, will sound as painful, as agonized, as shrill and frantic as you
might wish. Thus any necessity for actually putting my body to torture would be
superfluous."

      "Alas, I do not, in all truth, feel that in that circumstance your
screaming would have that authentic, that realistic sound which --"

      "Oh, sir, it would, I swear to you it would! I will scream, I will shout,
I will emit such sounds of horror and unfathomable agony as to sear your soul.
I will, sir, cry, sob, plead for mercy, so that if you should close your eyes
you would think yourself back in this room this morning, listening to my
anguish; and, sir --"

      "Please do not go on with this; I assure you it can do no good. For you
will surely understand, Miss Lorna, that my lust has soared beyond just
desiring that sound again, however sweet that may remain. For as I sat in this
chair, listening to your marvellous shouts, I could not but envision what was
happening to you at that moment. And, further, when, later, you narrated to me,
as that captain had commanded you to do, the details of that morning -- that
violation of your body with the pins, which you recounted so accurately and so
thrillingly -- and then your narration of all those other things that you had
undergone -- that hanging by your hair; that binding of your wrists and legs;
that talk of whipping and burning; that account of you, in your anguish,
finally constrained to bare your body, and to submit, nay, to ask for, and to
participate in, your own violation, shame and degradation -- all this, most
naturally -- or unnaturally, if you will, it is not for me to say -- all this
could only build up in my soul an overwhelming lust to be myself a part of such
a scenario. I must, Miss Lorna, I must and I will, watch with my own eyes,
watch and listen and enjoy, as you hang in agony from your bound wrists; watch
as your body, naked, helpless, whip-marked, swings from that taut rope,
straining, twisting, writhing; kicking vainly; listen as you, in the midst of
that wonderful screaming, beg and plead with frantic, frenzied desperation for
surcease, for a moment's pause, for mercy, which is not, Miss Lorna,
forthcoming; thrill as I, I myself, push the long thin pins deep, deep into
your aching nipples, or press the glowing red-hot cigarette against that soft,
vulnerable, squirming flesh. Again and again and again. And only then, Miss
Lorna, only after many hours, after you have gotten hoarse from pleading so
frantically, so vainly for mercy, for surcease, finally for death if nothing
else; only at that time will I allow you to show your, as you call it,
docility; will I allow you to please me with your body, at my command; will I
allow you to utilize, for my entertainment and at my whim, that fine, skillful
mouth which I have today found such a soothing source of delight; as well as
those other parts of your luscious body which I have not as of now partaken of.
Can you understand that, Miss Lorna? Can you resign your body and your soul to
this difficult vicissitude?"

      "I can, sir, understand; but, alas, I cannot resign myself. Not, as you
know, that I may choose. But, sir, have I not shown you today that I will
submit myself to your lusts; that my body and my will are at your command? Did
I not perform for you, and with the captain looking on, that most humiliating,
shaming, spirit-breaking act? Did I not offer of my own will to take off my
clothes for you; and did I not go down on my knees to you; and did I not most
totally serve you with my mouth, my lips, my tongue, and my throat? And did I
not, as you gave up to me that fruit of your passion, swallow it down, swallow
until I had drunk it all? What more must I do, sir, I ask knowingly in vain,
but what more can I possibly do to abase my spirit, to make of myself nothing
but a slave, a plaything for your pleasure?"

      "Nothing, Miss Lorna. There is, as you say, nothing."

      "But still you will --"

      "But still I must have your pain. To the utmost."

      "I see."

      "I know you do. I'm sorry. But do you know, Miss Lorna, your astounding
recapitulation of your actions on that occasion has awakened my importuning
lusts once again. As, I think, you could discern if it were not for that
tearful mist which you appear unable to dissipate. That recapitulation has,
unsurprisingly to my mind, aroused a most strong urge to have you do that
again, all of it, just exactly as you did it earlier. Can you wonder at that,
Miss Lorna?"

      "No, sir. And, if you so wish, I will, of course, do it again for you."

      "I do wish it. But, I think, with one variation. I do wish you, this
time, to undress for me. First. Do you recall, Miss Lorna, how, when you saw
that I had given in to our captain's terms so that I could gain my will of you,
and saw that to obtain any possibility of escaping instant persuasion, you must
do as our captain had promised me you would, and had thus so reluctantly but so
gracefully and proudly risen from that chair and stood before me -- do you
recall how you then asked, hardly showing an iota of your shame and
humiliation, if you were desired to undress? And do you recall how the captain,
wishing to draw out and to emphasize your submission, and to further mortify
your spirit, said, as in reply, Do you mean, first? Thus bringing out into the
air, so to say, the rhapsodic fact that now you had shown yourself prepared,
forcibly though it was, to submit to that act at which you had at first
hesitated. And do you recall how you, for your own reply, knowing that you
were, perforce, acknowledging that fact, that submission, lifting your head,
lifting your eyes, said, splendidly, Yes. First. Do you recall that, Miss
Lorna?"

      "I do."

      "The captain, having thus gained his triumph, passed your inquiry on to
me. I then, not wishing at that point to burn all my bridges at once, put, in
my turn, a question to him. Do you recall what that inquiry was?"

      "I do, sir. You asked him if I could still -- later."

      "That is the form my inquiry took, that is right. And what did it mean,
Miss Lorna? I ask, you understand, simply for the pleasure it gives me to
oblige you to answer."

      "I understand that fully, sir. It meant, as I took it, that if you did
not command me to undress at that time, you would wish to retain the option of
making me do so in future."

      "That is quite right, Miss Lorna. And, our captain having given this
assurance, I chose to enjoy your ministrations with your body still fully
clothed. But now -- stand up, please, Miss Lorna."

      "Is this satisfactory, sir?"

      "It is. And now I would like you to ask that question again, just as you
did earlier."

      "Yes, sir. Do you wish me to undress?"

      "Do you mean -- first?"

      "Yes. First."

      "Ah. Thank you, Miss Lorna. This time my answer is yes. Yes, I do wish
you to undress. I am now anxious, most anxious, I will say, to look at that
body naked. To watch you as you take that clothing off for me, baring yourself
to my sight. Will you do that for me now, Miss Lorna?"

      "I will, sir, if you wish it."

      "I know you will. Reluctantly, though, is that not so? Unwillingly?"

      "Indeed, sir, yes. But I think you will enjoy it all the more for that,
will you not?"

      "Of course I will. How perspicacious of you. I will thoroughly relish
every moment, every move, every inch of bared skin as you strip that body as I
watch, knowing how degrading it is for you, knowing how you, by your own
actions, are allowing your spirit to be ground into dust, knowing how you
debase yourself in front of me in vain hope of pardon, knowing how your mouth,
your body, will labor to bring me joy with your own destruction, all to
postpone that time of screaming, writhing, helpless torture to which I look
forward, and the ecstatic vision of which will turn in my mind, and the
shrilling sounds of which will ring in my ears, as you bow to me and caress me
with that fabulous docile mouth. And now you may begin."

      "Yes, sir."

      "Slowly, please. Ah. Such skin. Such breasts. Such nipples. Such legs.
Such thighs. Such calves. Such buttocks. Such a body."

      "It is, sir, yours."

      "I know that. To hurt."

      "If you wish, sir."

      "Kneel. As you did before."

      "Yes, sir."

      "That is good, Miss Lorna. That is wonderful. Slowly, please. Just do it
slowly. And as you do, I want you to think of what I'm going to do to you. I
want you to think of hanging by your hair. Screaming. I want you to think of
hanging by your wrists, first with your legs spread wide, ankles bound far
apart, body straining, taut, stretching, throbbing; and then just hanging free,
kicking, thrashing, twisting, as I push those pins into you, painful, agonizing
pins sinking so slowly, so relentlessly into your breasts, again and again, as
you scream and squirm and shout and writhe and yell and twist, so good,
screaming, yes, take it, begging me to stop, now, do it, swallow it, now,
screaming for me forever, AH AH AH..."




                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                            THE TAPE by V.P. Viddler

      "I don't think I like your attitude, Lynn."

      "I'm sorry, Jack. I'm sorry."

      "Ralph is our guest."

      "I know. I'm sorry, Jack, I didn't --"

      "You should apologize to Ralph, shouldn't you, Lynn?"

      "I -- Yes. I -- I'm sorry, Ralph."

      "I don't think you are, you know, Lynn. I'm afraid it's been too long
since you were punished. Hasn't it?"

      "No. Jack, no. I am sorry, truly. Truly."

      "You know, I don't think that Ralph has ever actually watched you being
punished, have you, Ralph?"

      "No. No, I haven't. I've got those audio tapes you sent last Christmas,
of course. And I must say --"

      "Yes, I know. Lynn, stop blushing. I know how stimulating listening to
those punishing sessions can be. And knowing you, Ralph, I'm fairly positive
you would not object strongly to watching such a session live and in person, as
they say. Am I right?"

      "Jack, I can't tell you how right you are."

      "Jack, wait, Jack, please, I said I was sorry, I am, I really am, I'll
apologize again, what can I do?"

      "You can't blame my wife, you know, for being a bit reluctant about such
chastisement, can you, Ralph?"

      "I'd say she was more than a bit reluctant, Jack. I'd say she's downright
scared."

      "Ah yes. But having heard my tapes, you can understand why."

      "The thing is --"

      "What, Ralph? You can say anything, I don't mind. And Lynn is hardly in a
position to mind. Are you, darling?"

      "Jack -- you can't --"

      "Can't I, Lynn?"

      "I -- I'm sorry."

      "What can I do, Lynn?"

      "You -- you can do anything, Jack. Anything you want."

      "You won't forget that again, will you, darling?"

      "No, Jack."

      "Now, Ralph. You were saying?"

      "I was saying that your wife's reluctance and fright is, if anything, I
should think, so stimulating, so arousing, so -- if I may -- exciting, that it
must carry an effect just opposite to that which she is trying for."

      "You hear that, Lynn darling? Your pleading and protesting only turns
Ralph on. And I must say I agree with him."

      "Jack -- I --"

      "A good hard punishment session, with Ralph as witness, is just what you
have coming to you, Lynn."

      "God, I can't wait!"

      "Jack -- Jack please -- I --"

      "And still you beg, darling?"

      "I can't -- I can't help it. Jack, look, I am sorry, I truly am, and I'll
-- I'll do anything if -- if only -- please -- I can't --"

      "Lynn."

      "What?"

      "Lynn."

      "I -- Yes? Jack? Oh god. Oh god, Jack. Why are you looking that way? I --
I'm -- I'm sorry, darling. I am. I know you can do what you want with me. All
right. Punish me. I -- I'll --"

      "Lynn is begging now, Ralph, because she knows she has gone too far. And
that I am angry now. And that I am going to find a way to punish her in a
fashion that will never be forgotten. A way beyond a normal session. Beyond
anything Lynn has known. And that frightens her, doesn't it, darling?"

      "J-Jack -- Jack wait --"

      "Christ, she's actually shaking!"

      "Yes."

      "Jack -- anything --"

      "Ralph."

      "Yes, Jack?"

      "You like Lynn, don't you?"

      "Jack -- I do, very much. I always have."

      "I know. And you want her, right?"

      "Jack -- for --"

      "I can't deny that, Jack."

      "Right. And I know you would just love to be given the opportunity of
punishing her yourself?"

      "Jack! Jack no! Jack!"

      "Would I? It would be -- I can't say what it would be."

      "All right. Lynn, tonight you will belong to Ralph."

      "No! No! Jack, what are you doing? God! Please wait!"

      "Tonight, Lynn, you will go to Ralph's room. You will stay with him until
morning. And you will do anything he wants you to do. And you will give him
anything he wants. And Ralph has my permission to punish you. In any way, by
any means, without stint or hesitation. And I expect that punishment to be most
--  punishing."

      "Jack -- no -- please -- for pity's sake not that -- I can't -- Jack --
not that way, not him, he'll kill me, Jack, no, please, please, please, Jack no
not him do anything to me, oh Jack no please dear god please dear sweet Jesus
please I beg you anything you want Jack don't do this oh please..."

       "Come in. Ah. Good evening, Lynn. You look wonderful."

      "I -- my husband has commanded that I report to you for -- for my
punishment."

      "That's just marvelous, Lynn. Just marvelous. Why, I think you're shaking
again."

      "Ralph -- look -- I-I'll do what you want --"

      "I don't think you have much choice, Lynn. Do you?"

      "No. No, I don't. But -- but I -- I'll be good for you. I -- I know you
want my -- my body --"

      "You might say that, Lynn. I always lusted for you."

      "I know."

      "And now I'm going to have you. Isn't that right, Lynn?"

      "Yes. Yes, Ralph, that's right."

      "And how do you feel about that, Lynn?"

      "I -- how do you think?"

      "Aha. The truth. You hate it, right? The thought of it disgusts you,
right? Just looking at me makes you want to vomit, right? Didn't you say that
to me once?"

      "Yes. I did say that. Yes. It's true. All of it. But now --"

      "But now you can't do anything about it."

      "That's right. But Ralph -- I'll be good for you. All right? I'll do what
you want, I'll make it special for you. Just -- I -- You don't have to -- to
--"

      "Punish you? But I do, Lynn. You know that. Jack will be so disappointed
if I --"

      "Ralph, listen. Please. Please. Jack said you could do what you want. You
don't have to hurt me. Please don't hurt me. I'll --  I'll make you so happy
you won't want to hurt me, all right? Please, Ralph. Anything. Just tell me
what you want and I'll do it, anything at all, just --"

      "But Lynn. Baby. Don't you understand? You'll do that anyway."

      "Ralph --"

      "No. Listen. You'll do what I say anyway. Anything I say. No matter what
I do or don't do. You have to. So why should I give up the pleasure of
punishing you? And it will be a pleasure, Lynn. I can --"

      "But -- but I'll --"

      "You'll what? God, you're gorgeous when you're scared! Lynn darling, if I
tell you to do something, you'll do it, right? Without any bargaining. Without
any conditions. Without any talk at all. I say jump, you say how high. Is that
right or isn't it?"

      "Yes. Yes, Ralph. That's right. But --"

      "No buts. I'm looking forward to that, Lynn, as you know. I'm looking
forward to hurting you, and to what will come first, and to what will come
later. All right?"

      "Ralph please. Don't hurt me. Please. I'll crawl for you, I'll --"

      "Oh, you will, Lynn. You'll crawl all right. But why don't we stop
talking about it and start doing it. Do you know that I've never seen your
body, Lynn? I never saw you naked."

      "I know."

      "But I will now, Lynn, won't I?"

      "Yes, Ralph. You will."

      "That luscious body. Christ, how I've thought about it. Your wonderful
round high breasts. Your fabulous legs. Your fantastic thighs. I'll see all of
it now, won't I, Lynn?"

      "Yes. You will."

      "Because you'll take off all your clothes for me, right, Lynn? You'll
strip that body bare for me as I stand here and watch you. Won't you, Lynn?"

      "If you want me to, Ralph."

      "And then I'm going to fuck that body, aren't I, Lynn?"

      "If you want to, Ralph."

      "How will you feel as I fuck you, Lynn?"

      "I think you know."

      "I want you to tell me. All right? And I want the truth, Lynn. Nothing
but the truth."

      "All right. I'll hate it. You know that. I'll hate every second of it.
That turns you on, doesn't it, Ralph?"

      "But still you'll do it, and do it well, won't you, Lynn?"

      "Yes."

      "Say it."

      "Yes, Ralph. I'll do it and do it well."

      "And you'll use that mouth on me, right, Lynn?"

      "I -- Yes, Ralph."

      "That fine sweet soft sexy aristocratic mouth. I want you to tell me how
you'll do that, Lynn. In detail. Tell me."

      "I -- I'm -- I'll --"

      "I'm waiting."

      "I'll go down on my knees in front of you, like a slave, and I'll-I'll
kiss your penis --"

      "My cock."

      "Your cock. I'll kiss your cock. Softly. All over. And I'll lick it with
my tongue. Up and down and around. And I'll kiss and lick your balls. Until you
grab my hair and make me take it into my mouth. And I'll suck it. Slowly.
Lovingly. In and out. Gradually moving faster. Sucking it. Sucking it. Licking
it too. My lips moving, my tongue stroking, my mouth swallowing, until you
shoot, spurting into my throat and I'll swallow and swallow and suck and lick
and swallow and suck and swallow..."

      "Stop crying, Lynn."

      "All right. I'm sorry."

      "After you suck my cock, Lynn, I think I'll start your actual
punishment."

      "Oh Ralph --"

      "I'll want to get hard again as quickly as I can, so I can fuck the shit
out of you, Lynn. And hurting you is what's going to do it. You know that,
don't you?"

      "Ralph, if -- if only --"

      "Watching you in pain. Oh yes. Watching your agony. And listening to your
screaming."

      "No. Don't. Ralph. Anything."

      "Of course, I don't know if I can make you scream and howl as excitingly
as Jack can. On those tapes you scream so beautifully it just --"

      "Please, oh please --"

      "It just practically makes me shoot off in my pants, all that fantastic
screaming and shrieking and moaning and whimpering and gasping and begging --
Christ!"

      "Oh god, oh dear god --"

      "Actually, you know, I think I brought a tape with me."

      "Oh Christ!"

      "To entertain me in my solitude. Why don't I play it now, okay? And you
and I can both listen to it and I'll be inspired to try to match it. What do
you say?"

      "Oh no, Ralph, no, god, please don't --"

      "Ah. Yes. Here it is. I can't wait to hear this with you, Lynn."

      "Please don't. Jesus, you bastard."

      "What?"

      "I -- I'm sorry."

      "Lynn."

      "Yes."

      "Sit down right here and listen with me."

      "All right, Ralph."

      "Now."

       "Jack, it hurts. Jack, it hurts so much. Please stop please let me down
Jack don't please I can't oh god --"

       "Lynn?"

      "What."

      "What was happening? What was hurting you?"

      "Do we have to --"

      "Yes. Well?"

      "I -- I was -- I was hanging. By my wrists."

      "Hanging by your wrists? From the ceiling?"

      "Yes. Jack was -- he was about to -- to whip me."

      "Yes. We'll hear that part. Were you standing?"

      "No. I couldn't touch the floor. I -- I was --"

      "You were dangling, held only by bound wrists."

      "Yes."

      "That must have been a strain."

      "It was."

      "Did you have clothes on?"

      "No."

      "You were naked?"

      "Yes. I was naked."

      "God. I wish I could see it. That body hanging, straining, all taut and
helpless. Your breasts pulling up, so vulnerable. All of you so avialable. And
in so much pain. Let's go on."

       "I'm going to whip you now, darling."

      "No, Jack no. You'll kill me. I can't, please Jack, no no no no no no no
no --"

      "Lynn."

      "Please."

      "Where shall I whip you, Lynn?"

      "Please."

      "I give you a choice. Across your back? A good dozen, I think."

      "God! No! Jack!"

      "Or I can whip your breasts. That would be fun, but awfully painful."

      "Oh god in heaven help me Jack listen I'll do --"

      "Or your thighs. I'm crazy about your long curvy sexy soft smooth young
thighs. What do you say, Lynn?"

      "Jack I'm begging you. I'm begging, Jack. I'll do anything, please --"

      "That's nothing to how you'll be begging once I start, darling. As you
know. Now which will it be? Or shall I try them all?"

      "No! No Jack. I can't, for -- All right. Wait. Not a dozen, Jack, for
pity's sake, not twelve! I can't I'll --

      "It will be twelve across your back, Lynn. But if you choose your
breasts, as exquisitely, unsupportably painful as that will be for you, I'll
make it six."

      "Six! On my -- no! no! Christ no!"

      "Or your thighs? I'll say nine on your thighs."

      "N-nine? Jack please -- I'll be so good --"

      "Choose, Lynn. Right now."

      "Oh god! I can't! I -- not a dozen. No! And -- and not my breasts, god,
Jack please --"

      "Your thighs? Nine?"

      "I -- my -- my thighs -- yes -- all right -- but please -- Jack -- not
too hard -- Jack -- please -- don't do it too -- oh Christ have pity --"

      "I'm taping this, you know, Lynn. For posterity. I just hope your screams
won't break that machine."

      "Jack -- I -- I -- HAAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGHHHHHHHHH!! NNNNNNHHH!
ARRGGHHH GOD JACK NO NO I CAN'T NO NO MORE NO AAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!
AAHHH CHRIST NO JESUS NO NO..."

      "That's just two, Lynn."

      "Oh god no more I can't no more ohh no god --"

      "I love that kicking and twisting and squirming and writhing. Kick those
thighs, Lynn."

      "Haughh!"

      "Twist for me, squirm, darling, only seven to go."

      "Nopleasenopleasenopleaseno..."

       "Turn it off god please turn it off."

      "But why? I'm getting a big kick out of it."

      "Oh I know, you -- oh Ralph, please."

      "I want to hear more. How about when you offer to trade the last four on
your thighs for one on your breasts? And Jack insists on two? And you start to
cry so wildly, it just --"

      "Oh god. Don't. Ralph, I'll crawl for you. Shall I crawl? Shall I --"

      "No. What I want you to do now is to take your clothes off. Stand in
front of me and strip. While I watch."

      "All -- all right. All right, Ralph. I'll -- I will."

      "And while I'm listening to your howling as Jack whips your nipples."

      "Oh no --"

      "I'll just find the spot."

       "Two, Lynn."

      "No! Jack no. One. Please."

      "Two on your breasts for four on your thighs. Or six across your back."

      "No! Two. Two, Jack, two, Jack please I can't --"

      "Lynn."

      "What?"

      "You can't get away."

      "I know."

      "I love watching you twist and wriggle, but you can't get away from it."

      "Just --"

      "Right across the nipples, Lynn darling."

       "Lynn."

      "W-what?"

      "Show me your tits."

      "Ohh."

      "Do it."

      "All -- all right."

       "NNNNNNGGGGAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEIIIIAAAAAAUUUGGHHH!!"

       "Stop. I want to just look at them. Gorgeous. So beautiful. I can see
the whip across them."

      "Please."

       "One more, darling."

      "You can't I can't Jack Jesus no I'll if Jack I love you I love you
please don't not again I'll be your slave always always please."

       "Show me your thighs, Lynn. All the way up, that's it."

       "Wait. NOJACKNOJACKNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAEEEEEE!! AAUUGHHHHHAUGH! HAH
HAH HAH HAUGHNOHAUGHNOHOHAUJACK
NOmorenomorenomorepleasepleasepleasenopleasegodJesusChristplease dear sweet oh
Jack no what --"

      "I'm taking you down, Lynn. I want you to fuck me. I want you to fuck me
with that fine gorgeous luscious pain-filled agonizing hurting body. All of it.
Will you do that, darling?"

      "Yes yes Jack yes I'll do it yes anything Jack anything you want anything
you say please I'll do it don't hurt me any more please..."

       "Lynn."

      "Yes."

      "Strip naked."

      "All right."

      "Fantastic. Lynn."

      "Yes."

      "Do you know what else is on this tape? Do you recall?"

      "Ohh Jesus no."

      "Ah, you recall."

      "Don't play it. I -- I beg you, Ralph. Don't play that."

      "Would you rather I did it, Lynn?"

      "No! Ralph, no!"

      "It was a dog, wasn't it, Lynn? It wasn't that clear on tape, but I
thought it was probably a dog."

      "Yes. It -- it was a dog."

      "I love it when you say to Jack that nothing will make you do that."

      "Please, Ralph --"

      "And I love it when Jack has you screaming and babbling for a full half
hour."

      "Unnh."

      "And I love it when you finally beg him to let you do it. How he has you
just pleading for I don't know how long, whimpering and whining and begging him
to allow you to do what you said you'd never -- and hearing you with the dog.
What was he doing to you, Lynn? To make you break that way? What did Jack do?"

      "Electrodes. It was -- god!"

      "Christ! That would be something to watch. I can see that body arching
and bucking and straining and spasming with that current, and Jack pushing the
dial higher --"

      "Don't! Oh god on't!"

      "I don't have any electrodes."

      "Thank god!"

      "But I have --"

      "What? Oh god, what?"

      "I have cigarettes."

      "Unnhh. Nnunh. Uhh. Nn. Unnhh. Unghh. Ralph. R-Ralph."

      "What is it, you fine sexy naked toy, you fine aristocratic
mouth-watering plaything slave, what?"

      "Ralph. I know you can do anything you want to me. I know you can take my
body any way you want it. I know you can hurt me if you want, and torture me,
and -- and --"

      "Whip you?"

      "Whip me.. And --"

      "Burn you?"

      "And -- and burn me. But maybe if -- Ralph, if I -- if I can suggest
something -- I -- if -- if I give you an idea you hadn't thought of -- of a way
to degrade me and -- and -- debase my body and --  that you'd like, would --
will you not --"

      "Bargaining again, Lynn baby? Turn on that tape again."

      "Oh no Ralph if --"

      "Turn it on!"

       "I'll do it Jack let please let me I want to do it I know I said I'd
never do it but I'll do it Jack please let me do it please. No! No! Not again!"

      "Do what, Lynn?"

      "F-fuck the dog I want to fuck the dog please let me fuck the dog
pleaseplease I'll fuck him I'll suck him don't do that any more Jack I want to
suck the dog and Jack no AUGHGHGHGH HARRGHGGGHHH. NO. NO. NNNAAAAAUUU. J-J-J-
I'llfuckthedogIwillI'll fuckthedog..."

       "Lynn."

      "What?"

      "Suck my cock. While I hear you fucking the dog. What kind of dog was it?
Don't say it now. Swallow that cock. Lick it and take it all you slut slave..."

       "Ask me to fuck you. Ask me, you cock-sucking slut toy. You're my toy,
aren't you?"

      "Y-Yes, Ralph."

      "Say it."

      "I'm your toy, Ralph. I'm your plaything for the night. I'm your slave."

      "And?"

      "I -- I want you to fuck me, Ralph. Please fuck me. Aahh!"

      "Yes! And now I'm fucking you, Lynn. I'm fucking this slim young soft
helpless distant body I always said I'd fuck someday. Put your legs around my
body, that's it, I want it good, Lynn."

      "I am, Ralph, I will, just don't --"

      "And as I'm fucking you I'll just light this cigarette."

      "Ralph no, god please, no, don't --"

      "I'm thinking how it will be, Lynn. Putting this out on your nipple and
hearing you scream in my ear and feeling this body buck and squirm and your
legs tighten on my body and your cunt clutching my cock in its pain and me
coming into you, coming into Lynn's cunt, raping that sensuous twisting
pain-wracked body."

      "Ralph no please don't do it please --"

      "What was it you wanted to say, Lynn? About degrading you and all?"

      "I -- I -- god -- Jack -- Jack had a big party and -- and he put me in
the bathroom and -- and I was tied down across the toilet."

      "Raping you is so good. Look how red this glows."

      "Oh please --"

      "Don't stop."

      "I -- I was sitting on the floor but my arms were pulled back around the
bowl, and -- and my hair was tied to the flush so I had to hold my head back --
I couldn't move -- my body arching across the toilet, and my hair pulled at my
head and my mouth was -- was open and -- Christ!"

      "Go on. Or shall I --"

      "No! Don't! Please! I -- they -- all the guests -- men -- all -- came in
to -- to take a piss and -- and they would piss on me. At first just in my
mouth and I was swallowing it all until I was sick with it. But then pissing on
my face, all over my face, my eyes and my nose and- -and in my hair, all over
my hair, dripping with it -- and my body too I --"

      "Were you naked?"

      "No. But I only had a little thin blouse and skirt and my skirt was up
practically to my waist and I couldn't cover my legs and they were pissing --
and my thin blouse, pissing on my blouse so my -- my breasts would show
through, all wet and my nipples pushing out and you could see them through the
cloth, and -- and I was sitting in piss and covered with piss and they kept
coming and pissing and pissing and pissing -- oh Jesus god help me ohh..."

      "Is that what you want? You want me to piss on you?"

      "No -- I -- but -- if you -- if you won't hurt me --"

      "I want to hurt you, and piss on you too."

      "Why? Oh why why?"

      "I'm raping you, Lynn, and I want to hear you screaming as I'm raping
you, and I want this body to squirm and toss in agony as I'm raping it. So I'm
going to put this cigarette out on your breast."

      "If you don't I'll run away with you and I'll be yours for life. You can
fuck me all you want, and I'll suck you and I'll be your toy and you can --"

      "You bitch! I think I'm going to ask Jack for those elecrodes."

      "Ralph, you can't. Please, you can't. I'll do anything. No. Not that."

      "Should I burn you instead?"

      "No! I -- I -- All right. Whip me. Hang me up as Jack did and whip me. My
thighs, my back, my -- my breasts if you must. All right? I'll scream for you
and you can --"

      "No."

      "But --"

      "I'll do that too, Lynn. But right now it's the cigarette. Or the
electrodes. Which is it?"

      "No -- Ralph --"

      "Which is it?"

      "Ohh Christ. The -- the cigarette."

      "Ask me to do it."

      "Ralph --"

      "I'm not saying it again. If I come without burning you I'll make you
scream all night long. Ask me. Beg me."

      "I -- I -- Ralph -- p-please -- please -- burn me. With your cigarette.
Please burn my breasts, burn my nipples, burn me all you want, please burn me,
Ralph, please, I'm begging you."

      "Lynn -- you sweet luscious fabulous fuck, I'm going to shoot right up
your belly and I'm going to make that body dance for me as I do it. Oh, this is
going to hurt, Lynn."

      "I hate you, Ralph. I hate you."

      "Fuck me, Lynn. That's it. Let's try this nipple -- right --  here. Dance
for me, Lynn. Dance in pain as I rape your body. Now. Bouncing jouncing bucking
cunt I'm coming in you. God tight legs."

      "It hurts it hurts it hurts..."

      "I love you Lynn bouncing hurting screaming toy I love your pain I want
your pain burning you again..."

      "NO JACK I'm I'm..."

      "Kissing that mouth..."

      "MMMNNNN. NGHGHNNNNNNNN."

      "Say you love me."

      "No more I love you..."

      "LYNN!"

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------




                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                                   THE TRUCK
                                by V.P. Viddler
                                    Part  1

      Mrs. Hanningbolt was half-hanging, half-lying across the front of the
truck as it rolled slowly down the dusty, solitary street of the town. They had
tied her onto the tubular iron grill that projected from the high front of the
truck. The three of them had spread her out and lashed her wrists and ankles to
the thick bars. Her arms were pulled back, so that her upper body was half bent
backwards, her head hanging back and her long brown hair blowing in the air.
Her legs were wide apart. And Mrs. Hanningbolt was stark naked.

      They had put her up there and then cut off her clothing. I had watched.
Mrs. Hanningbolt had screamed and struggled. She was still trying to scream,
but it was mostly crying. She was still trying to struggle, but it was no good.

      They drove that truck down that hot street with the sun shining as it
always did, shining on the naked body of Mrs. Hanningbolt, and all the
townspeople came out to look, and they stared and stared. Mrs. Hanningbolt's
naked breasts, looking so big and round, stood out like headlights, bouncing
and rolling with the bumping and swaying of the truck. Her long naked curvy
legs strained and writhed, stretched so wide and so tightly, and the brown hair
at her crotch was glistening in the sun.

      Mrs. Hanningbolt was beautiful that way.

      I had always thought she was beautiful, always. A young widow was Mrs.
Hanningbolt, a beautiful young widow, who had come to stay in this ouback
region and study our wildlife. But when the hunters came, Mrs. Hanningbolt had
fought with them from the beginning. It had been conflict and turmoil, and
sparks had flown back and forth. Mrs. Hanningbolt fought the three hunters at
every turn, trying to guard the animals and wildlife. Until at last it got too
much for them. They paid Mrs. Hanningbolt a visit.

      I was there, I saw it all. They had been drinking. I heard shouting and
threats, and finally an ominous quiet. And Mrs. Hanningbolt's voice, sounding
funny and scared. And then Mrs. Hanningbolt ran out of the house, running with
that long hair streaming, and the men came after her. Laughing. She ran and
they laughed. And they caught her. Laughing, they caught her and held her, and
then they didn't laugh, and Mrs. Hanningbolt was fighting and struggling, and
saying, No, no, but they didn't let her go.

      That was when they tied her to the front of the truck. Bart gave an order
and the other two hoisted Mrs. Hanningbolt up and pulled back her arms and tied
them. And then spread her legs apart and roped her ankles. And she was fighting
and kicking and twisting around and shouting at them to stop, to let her go,
but nothing stopped them. I saw it all. God she was spread across that grill
and squirming and writhing and I couldn't stop watching.

      And then they stood back and looked at her and suddenly it was very
still. Donal and Hitch looked at Bart.

      "Damn!" Dona said. "Look at that pretty thing!"

      "I want her," Hitch said, and I heard it all. "I want to fuck this bitch
now."

      It was a long still waiting, and then Bart said, "Cut her clothes off."

      Now Mrs. Hanningbolt began to plead. She was pleading and begging and she
started to cry. Hitch took out his long sharp hunting knife. Mrs. Hanningbolt
said, "God, you rotten filthy animals, don't, please don't, you dirty bastards,
rot in hell, oh Jesus don't do this, no, I'll kill you, all of you, I swear it,
no please please don't no don't no..."

      Mrs. Hanningbolt had on a dark blue shirt and a pair of black pants.
Hitch cut them off her body. Slowly. Grinning at her. Baring her skin inch by
inch, not caring about her begging or crying or struggling. Button by button he
cut open the shirt, cutting and ripping, and Donal helped with the ripping. She
had nothing on under that shirt, no brassiere, nothing. Hitch and Donal slowly
bared those round thrusting breasts. Donal kissed one, and Mrs. Hanningbolt
spit on him. So he bit her nipple, bit it hard, until Mrs. Hanningbolt cried
out and pleaded with him to stop. And Hitch got up onto the lowest bar of the
grill and leaned over Mrs. Hanningbolt and took hold of her hair and ground his
mouth down on hers. I heard her whimpering as Hitch kissed her, holding her
head in place by her hair. Until Bart said, "Enough! Get on with it." And Hitch
cut Mrs. Hanningbolt's pants off, again slowly, baring first one long smooth
leg and then the other, and then cutting, ripping, till she had only panties
on. And Hitch cut those off too.

      "Now what?" Donal said, and Bart said, "Now we show the lousy bitch who
owns her."

      And they all got into the truck and drove off, with Mrs. Hanningbolt
riding naked on the front like a figure on the prow of a ship. Heading into
town, and I rushed to my car to get there ahead of them, for I understood that
Bart meant to ride Mrs. Hanningbolt through the town that way, showing her off
as a trophy. Their trophy. Riding in triumph like conquerors, with the captive
princess on display.

      And that's what they did.

      And the townspeople ate it up. Bart drove that truck up and down that hot
dusty street, up and down, showing off his trophy. And at last he stopped,
right in the middle of the town, and all three got out of the truck.

      "Now," Bart said. "Do it now. Let them all watch."

      Hitch and Donal tossed up for who would go first, and Hitch won.

      Mrs. Hanningbolt's eyes were wild, and she shook her head, saying, no,
for god's sake, no. But Hitch got himself up onto the bar again and he unzipped
his pants and pulled out his thing, and Mrs. Hanningbolt was moaning and crying
and trying to pull away, but Hitch put his thing between her legs and pushed it
into her and she screamed and Hitch started to hump, taking her hard and fast.
At last he finished, grunting loudly, and got down and Donal got up and he did
it to her too, but took longer. Then Bart took his turn.

      We all stood and watched.

      Nobody was going to do anything. The beautiful young Mrs. Hanningbolt was
getting it good. It was exciting. So all of us watched it. And when Bart was
done he took off his thick brown belt and started to whip her. Donal and Hitch
did too, and they all beat at her with their belts all over her body, and Mrs.
Hanningbolt screamed and screamed, until she was hoarse, but still screaming.

      "Now you know," Bart said.

      Then they cut her down from the truck and she fell on the ground, but
Hitch said, "Not yet, baby," and pulled up on her arms until she was sitting
up, then lashed her wrists to the grill bars. Hitch stepped up to her and
thrust his thing at her mouth. Mrs. Hanningbolt turned away, and Hitch hit her
body with the belt, hit it again and again, saying, "Do it!" until she couldn't
stand it any more and turned her head back and opened her mouth and took his
thing into it, sobbing and choking. Hitch did it to her mouth. It took a long
time. He did it in her mouth. Then Donal did it in her mouth, and Bart did it
too, and told her to swallow it. Then they cut her loose again and Mrs.
Hanningbolt fell in the dust and lay there, crying and sobbing.

      "Crawl," Bart said. "Crawl down this street, you slut."

      And Mrs. Hanningbolt got up on her hands and knees and she did it,
crawled down the street, naked, crawling in front of all of us, past all the
people of the town. And back.

      And then they took her away. This time Bart tied her wrists together in
front of her and hitched her with a long rope onto the back of the truck, and
drove slowly out of town, with naked Mrs. Hanningbolt running along behind,
running to keep up with the slowly moving truck.

      That night they hung her from the front doorway of her shack, hung her up
by her wrists all night.

      Next day they put up a sign in town. A new business. Mrs. Hanningbolt was
their stock in trade. Anybody could go out to that shack and have Mrs.
Hanningbolt's body, for a price. Bart and Donal and Hitch took the money. Mrs.
Hanningbolt did what they said to do. What anyobdy said to do. Anything.
Anything at all. Bart and Donal and Hitch saw to that. If she didn't they
whipped her. If she did, sometimes they whipped her anyway, for fun. It was
fun. I did it a lot. I couldn't help it. I had to pay a lot for it, but I had
to do it. Mrs. Hanningbolt was so young and beautiful, that body so curvy and
thrilling. I would whip her and listen to her scream and beg and cry, and I
would lie on top of that squirming, twisting body and I would do it to her, do
it to her, and watch her hating it.

      But it was best on the truck. I had them put her up on the front of that
truck, spread and stretched, and I took her that way. And then I would drive
that truck into town, down the solitary street, with Mrs. Hanninbolt riding
naked on the truck. My trophy. My captive princess slave...

                           * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                                     Part 2

       "Don't,"  Mrs. Hanningbolt said. "Please don't, please, not that way,
not again, I don't want to, please."

      "I have to," I said. "You know I do. I can't stop wanting you. It's your
own fault, such a fabulous body, I want it now. I have to do it to you now. Lie
down on the floor."

      "Oh don't," Mrs. Hanningbolt said. "For god's sake."

      Mrs. Hanningbolt was naked.

      I said, "If I call Bart and Donal and Hitch, you know what they will do
to you."

      "No, please."

      "Lie down," I said. "On the floor. On your back."

      Mrs. Hanningbolt did it. She got down on the hard dirt floor and lay on
her back.

      "You know what to do," I said. "Spread out. All the say. Spread and
stretch."

      "Bastard," Mrs. Hanningbolt said. "Dirty filthy scum. All of you." And
she spread out her arms and legs, spread them wide, and lay there all open and
taut and waiting.

      "God," I said. "Oh my dear sweet god, such a pretty curvy smooth fabulous
young body." And I got down and I lay on top of that outstretched body, lay
myself right down over her, till I could feel all of it against my body, each
inch of it, hard round breasts and soft curving thighs and smooth squirmy hips
and belly. And I took her. I put myself right inside her and slid slowly,
slowly in, watching her face and her eyes.

      "Oh god so fine, so fine," I said. "I can't stand how good it is. I love
having you this way, Mrs. Hanningbolt, all spread out and having to accept what
I'm doing to you, having to give me your luscious young naked body."

      "Damn you!" Mrs. Hanningbolt said as I slowly pumped up and down on top
of her and into her. "Oh, damn you, damn you all!"

      "Move with me," I said. "Do it, Mrs. Hanningbolt, because I wouldn't mind
watching Bart and Donal and Hitch whip you again. I'll ask them to hang you up
by your wrists this time, with your feet off the floor so you can kick and
thrash and twist around all you want. I love to watch you dancing in pain,
screaming and screaming, and if I ask Bart and pay him enough money, they will
put you --"

      Mrs. Hanningbolt was sobbing now, big crying sobs, but she did as I said,
hating it all, I knew, but she moved for me, raising and lowering her body,
twisting her hips, crying. And as she did, I told her how I was going to turn
her over, lying on her stomach with her lovely face against the dirt floor as I
took her from behind, as I did it in her ass.

      "Then I'll use your mouth," I said. "That fine gorgeous mouth. I'll do it
to your mouth, all the way down your throat, and your lips and Jesus god I'm
coming in you, I'm going to shoot inside you, Mrs. Hanningbolt, fine lady do it
I love it I love you Mrs. Hanningbolt --"

      Actually Bart had told me not to call her Mrs. Hanningbolt. Bart and
Donal and Hitch didn't want her to be given such dignity. They called her
Nilla, her first name. Nilla. It cost me a lot of money to have my way with
her, but I couldn't stop. It was almost that way with most of the men in town.
Mrs. Hanningbolt -- Nilla -- was kept busy giving her body to all those men,
and Bart, Donal and Hitch went on piling up the cash.

      But from time to time things would fall off and the hunters would take
Mrs. Hanningbolt into town to drum up business. Usually they took her in as
they had that first time, stretched naked across the iron grill of their truck,
spread and bound. But sometimes she had clothing on, so they could make her
strip down in front of the townspeople. All the townspeople got a thrill out of
watching Mrs. Hanningbolt degraded and humiliated, simply because she had been
so positive and sure of herself, had acted --  not snotty, for she was always
outgoing and friendly -- but independent. Poised. Quick and sure and all,
confident in her glorious young womanhood. And now she was a captive, a trophy
for the hunters she had fought so hard against, made into a slut for their
profit and a debased plaything for their amusement. And ours.

      Last time Bart and Donal and Hitch had brought her to town, they had
brought her into Billy's restaurant, and had sat down to eat as almost the
whole town slowly filled that place up. Mrs. Hanningbolt -- Nilla -- didn't sit
with them. They had her crouch on hands and knees by the table, and
occasionally threw scraps of food on the floor, and Nilla had to eat them like
a dog. Crawling around the table, with those full round bosoms swaying beneath
her, that long soft brown hair dragging in the dirt, crying as she picked
scraps up with her beautiful mouth.

      Bart put her up on top of a table and told her to strip in front of all
of us, and when Nilla hesitated for a second Hitch took off his belt. So Nilla
stood up there and took off all her clothes until she was naked.

      Then Bart said that his food was so good today that the cook should have
a reward, and they brought out the cook and told Nilla to suck him. For
nothing, Bart said, but it was really to get us all riled up so we would want
Nilla again. Also it was fun for them, and for us, because the cook was a big,
ugly, fat slimy disgusting guy. Bart told Nilla to lick him all over, and the
cook lay down on the floor with his clothes off, and Bart made Nilla crawl to
him and lick every part of him, lick him and kiss him, and he kept her doing it
a long, long time. Nilla was gagging and begging him to let her stop, if only
for a minute, but Bart didn't. On and on, until at last Bart had her suck the
cook's disgusting thing, suck it lovingly and slowly, and finally he came in
her mouth and Nilla swallowed it all.

      That made us all want her, and they tied Mrs. Hanningbolt over a table,
with her legs far apart and her head hanging off one side, and all the men
lined up to take her, lined up at her crotch and also at her head, so she could
take their things into her upside-down mouth. This went on for hours. Hours.

      I knew what they would do with Nilla afterwards. Make her run all the way
back home with her wrists tied to a rope attached to the back of the truck,
running, running all the way to avoid being dragged along behind. And when they
got to the shack she would be all out of breath, panting and gasping, and they
would hang her up that way, hang her right in the doorway of her shack, hanging
there by her wrists, taut and dangling, swaying and twisting, kicking and
swinging, a living advertisement to anyone who came by. Bart and Donal and
Hitch would punish her body for fun, whipping her, torturing that pain-filled
body, touching their lit cigars to the flesh of her thrusting breasts or
flailing thighs or anyplace that hurt her most.

      Sometimes I would hide and watch, watch as I had done that first day they
had come and taken her and put her up on that truck and cut her clothes off and
driven into town with her. I would watch Mrs. Hanningbolt, Nilla, hanging there
in that doorway, and I would watch them torture that body and I would listen to
her screaming, crying, begging them to stop, howling, shrieking, and at last
promising them anything, desperately telling them, yes, she would do anything
they said, just take me down, she would sob, oh god all right I'll say it, I'm
yours, I'm yours, I'll do it, anything, just tell me. "Tell us, Nilla," Bart
would say, and hit her breasts with his belt. "Tell us what you are." And
Nilla, once that proud laughing confident young lady, Nilla would say, "I'm
yours. I'm your slave. I belong to you. Please no please no please god I'll be
I'll do I'm just a dirty filty slut."

      "Say it, Nilla," Bart said, and Mrs. Hanningbolt screamed and then said,
sobbing, "I'm shit, I'm nothing but shit and I will crawl for you. Anytime,
anyplace, I will crawl for you, I will suck your cocks, I am a cock-sucking
bitch. A bitch, don't, a cock-sucking, ass-licking bitch. Please don't hurt me
anymore. Please don't hurt me any more. I can't stand it, please, I'm your
bitch, you can play with me and --"

      "What about that proud snotty bitch Mrs. Hanningbolt," Bart said. "Who
tried to fight us and run us out of this country? Where is she now?"

      "I'm sorry," Nilla screamed. "I'm sorry, I'm not that any more, I'm
yours, you've broken me, jesus god christ, I'm broken, all right? I'm tamed,
I'm yours to use, to have, to do anything."

      "Hitch," Bart said.

      "Yeah?" Hitch said.

      "Whip her."

      "No! No please!"

      Whack!

      Nilla screamed.

      Whap!

      Scream.

      Whapp!

      Scream.

      I could see Donal now, standing in front of that hanging form, and Donal
was taking her, he was doing it to her as she hung there and as Hitch was
whipping her back as hard as he could. "Put your legs around my waist," Donal
said. Hitch hit her back again, hard, and after Nilla's scream Donal said, "Put
those damn legs up. Right around my waist. Do it." And Nilla did it, hanging
byh her wrists she raised those luscious wonderful long curving legs and
wrapped them around Donal, pulling him into her, howing with the pain of it,
and my thing was hard as anything, I wanted to be Donal, wanted to do it to
Nilla that way, pressed up against her hanging body, that squirming, twisting,
wriggling body, while Hitch whipped her and whipped her.

      And then I thought of how I could have Mrs. Hanningbolt all to myself. I
could kill Bart and Donal and Hitch. Kill them and bury them and just stay out
here always with my darling helpless Nilla. I would do it all to her. I had to.
I thought about having Nilla hanging all night by my bed. I thought of raising
her up the flagpole each morning, and lowering her at night. I thought of Mrs.
Hanningbolt and that quick juicy body and those long bare legs and soft brown
hair and her mouth, that tempting soft round- lipped mouth, that I had felt
around my thing, sucking, sucking, licking, kissing, and crying softly, sobbing
as she sucked and sucked.

      Now Donal was grinning, and he said to Bart, "Put your cigar on her leg.
Her thigh. Right here. Put it out, damn it!" And Bart put the tip of his cigar
against the skin of Nilla's thigh, and Nilla yowled as if she was going crazy,
and Donal finished.

      I waited until they cut her down, falling all over that broken, twitching
collapsed body and taking her, all of them, taking her, making her take them,
making Nilla do it all. Bart, lying on his back, made her crawl on top of him
and put him into her, and then made her to it to him, moving up and down, up
and down, crying, doing it to him. And Donal now crouched in back of her and
did it to her in the ass at the same time. Nilla was howling in pain but still
had to do it, up and down. Finally Hitch stood in front of her and took hold of
her hair and put his thing in her sobbing mouth, and he did it to that mouth,
they all did it to her.

      I waited till they finished, but I had crept in and got hold of Bart's
hunting rifle, and when Bart came I shot him and Nilla screamed and I shot
Donal and Nilla screamed and I shot Hitch and Nilla screamed. I saw them die. I
looked at Nilla, Mrs. Hanningbolt, lying among the bodies, with their things
still inside her.

      "Don't stop," I said. "Do it to them."

      Nilla was almost out of her mind as I made her suck Hitch's dead cock.
And kiss the dead bodies. Lick them. Nilla retched and gagged. But she did it.

      Then I made her dig the graves. Naked. Then we buried them, and I took
Mrs. Hanningbolt, took her and took her, all night long. Nilla never stopped
crying.

      In the morning I put her on the front of the truck and drove to town. I
drove up and down the street, as Bart and Donal and Hitch had that first day,
and when the people were all watching, I got out and said, "Mrs. Hanningbolt is
mine now. Watch." I cut Nilla down and told her to crawl, the way Bart had made
her crawl, and Nilla did it, crawling up and down the street, and I said,
"Anybody who wants this lovely lady can have her now. Any way they want to. For
nothing."

      That way I won the town to my ownership of the proud Mrs. Hanningbolt.
Now I own her body and soul, and I love watching the hatred and shame in her
eyes as I do it to her, doing it on and on and watching her hating it and still
I make her say all the things that tell her degradation. "I love you," Nilla
says, hating me. "I want you to do it to me, I give you my body, do it harder,
hurt me, please hurt me," and she starts to cry.

      I do it to her as she sobs with humiliation and hatred and pain, and I
say, "Go on. Tell me how you want me to whip you."

      Nilla says, crying harder, "I love you to whip me, please whip me, whip
my body hard, my breasts, my legs, hurt all of me, oh bastard, no, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, whip me, I love you to whip me, I'll do anything."

      "Light me a cigar," I say.

      "Please," Nilla says. "No. Please not that."

      "Mrs. Hanningbolt," I say. "Tell me you want me to burn you."

      "I -- I want you to burn me," Nilla gasps.

      "Light me a cigar," I say.

      I still do it to her as she lights a cigar, watching her hands shaking,
watching the fear.

      "Give it to me," and she does. When I burn her with it, again and again,
it is the biggest thrill I know, as beneath me and around me my gorgeous
luscious naked Nilla, my crawling, cock-sucking, curvy Mrs. Hanningbolt, is
twisting and squirming and bucking and wriggling and writhing and jerking and
spasming and flailing and kicking, screaming and shrieking and howling and
yelling and screeching.

      If a visitor shows up, I make her strip. Visitors love to see my Nilla
bending over a chair with her ass sticking out for them to use. Hanging from
our ceiling, twisting slowly, waiting for the whip. Crawling, rolling,
scrabbling along the dirt floor.

      Tight thighs clutch me in the night, begging me to have mercy.

      Mrs. Hanningbolt.

      Nilla.

      Walking in the town street with hands lashed behind, body moving so
lusciously beneath her clothing, which I will make her take off in front of the
townspeople. Walking in fear, knowing that soon she will be lying naked for all
to watch, to take, to enjoy.

      My plaything.

      My captive princess.

      My trophy.

      My Nilla.

      I kiss her lips and fearfully Mrs. Hanningbolt opens that mouth for my
tongue, giving me her mouth to plunder, not wanting to be whipped publicly
again, knowing she will be whipped, knowing she will be tortured, knowing I
want to watch as she allows everybody to have her body.

      Mrs. Hanningbolt.

      Hair flying. Arms and legs spread. Riding on the grill of that truck,
breasts thrusting out like headlights, screaming, struggling. Nilla now my
girl, my toy, my thing. Always always I will whip her and hurt her and burn her
and kiss her and take her and watch her hating it all.

      Nilla...




Three Little Maids from School: by V.P. Viddler

1:

    When my sister's boyfriend said he would give me Barbara for my
birthday, I thought he was kidding.

   But now Tim said he had a present for me, and he took me into my
sister's room. and there was Barbara, lying on her bed, with her
arms and legs tied to the bedposts.

   She had on a skirt and blouse, but she was spread so tightly
that all of her was outlined through the clothing. When she saw me,
she began to shake her head wildly and pull at her ropes.

   "Tim, for god's sake, you can't do this to me!" she cried.

   "Why not?" Tim said. "It's Danny's birthday and I'm giving him
you for a night. She's all yours, kid. Do anything you want.
There's nothing she can do about it. Have fun." and Tim left.

   I was shaking with lust and joy as I approached my oldler
sister. Again she struggled against her bonds, but it only made her
taut, thrusting breasts quiver and roll. She gave up then. She was
panting a bit. Her eyes widened as I came toward her.

   "Danny," she said pleadingly. "Danny, don't--don't do anything
you'll be sorry for, okay?"

   "Tim said I could do anything I want," I said.

   "Danny, look--I'm your sister. You--you wouldn't want to hurt
your own sister."

   I sat on the bed. Barbara shrank away, but she couldn't go far.
"You hurt me lots of times," I said. "You're always insulting me.
I couldn't do anything about it. But now--"

   "I-I'm sorry, Danny," Barbara babbled. "Really, I'm so sorry,
I'll make it up to you, Danny, please, I'm sorry..."

   My cock was hard. I was panting. I could do what I wanted.

   "I always wanted to see your body," I said.

   "No! Danny, no. You can't--"

   "I can," I said. "I can see you naked, Barbara. I can just take
all your clothes off and see you all naked."

   "Danny, I'm your sister. It's wrong, Danny."

   I was watching her. Her breasts went up and down, up and down
against her shirt with her rapid breathing. Barbara saw where I was
looking, and it made her squirm.

   "Oh, god," I said. "I'm going to touch you, Barbara. I'm going
to touch your body."

   "No. No, Danny--" But I put my hand on her breast. It was so
soft and good. I rubbed it. Barbara moaned and turned her face
away.

   "Look at me, Barbara," I said, and I rubbed harder. Barbara
looked at me. She had tears in her eyes. I looked at her and rubbed
both breasts and felt them. "I want to see them," I said. "I'm
going to open your shirt now."

   "Please," Barbara cried. "Please, Danny, don't do this to me."

   I felt so fantastic. I began unbuttoning the shirt, slowly, from
top to bottom. Barbara sobbed. She had no bra on or anything.
Barbara tried to twist her spread-out body as I pulled the shirt
open. What fantastic, firm tits! I couldn't stop myself from
putting my mouth down on them. I sucked at them and bit the hard
pink nipples. Barbara was sobbing hard now.

   "Shut up," I said. "Shut up, Barbara. I want to look at your
legs now."

   Barbara would have kicked my balls if her legs hadn't been tied
tautly apart. But she couldn't do anything as I pushed her skirt
up, all the way up, high up over her knees and her thighs. I forced
it up the tops of her long, curving thighs to her waist, and she
wasn't wearing underpants. My sexy big sister was lying naked for
me, and I playhed with her legs for a while. And then I got up and
began to undress.

   "No!" Barbara shouted. "Danny--no--don't, for god's sake, Danny,
please--"

   Naked I came forward. "Oh, Barbara," I said. "I have to do it to
you." And I lay down on top of my sister.

   God, it was fabulous to have her hard but squashy breasts
rolling against me, and her twitching, squirming, writhing hips
bumping mine, and her struggling thighs and her long, luscious,
crazy wriggling body under me. She screamed as I put my cock inside
her, screamed loudly and then sobbed and sobbed as I began to fuck.

   "Good, Barbara," I said. "Oh, so good, so nice, Barbara. I'm
doing it to you, I'm fucking my big sister Barbara, you're all
naked and crying and I'm fucking you, fucking you--"

   "I-I'll...kill you..." Barbara gasped. "I'll kill you, Danny
...ohh...oh don't...ahh...ahhh...aaahh..."

   "You like it!" I said.

   "No! Stop it!"

   "No! You like it!"

   "I don't...aahhh...Danny...oohh goddd..."

   "Now, sis. Now!"

   "AAAAAIIIIHHH!" And Barbara's body spasmed and rocked and
spasmed again.

   I don't know how, but I pulled out of her then and crawled up to
her face. "Open your mouth," I said.

   "NNN!" She turned away. I hit her. I hit her again. Sobbing, she
turned back and opened her mouth. I put my cock in it. "NNNGGGHHH!"

   "Suck it, sis. Suck it and I'll shoot in your mouth."

   "UUNNNGGGHH!"

   "Suck it, sis, yes, that's it, that's right, sister Barbara,
suck it and swallow my come, you dirty naked bitch whore slut, suck
it, sis, now sis, now drink it, sis NOWWW..."


 2:

    I sat down in a chair and waited until she stopped crying. I
didn't mind; the crying did interesting things to her body, and
made her round breasts bounce and roll. Then I said, "What are you
crying for, Barbara? You liked it fine at the finish there."

   "Oh, you filth!" Barbara gasped. "I hate you. Go away!"

   "No way," I said. "I'm staying, sis. I've got all night with
you, you know."

   "Danny. For god's sake. Untie me."

    "Why?"

   "Oh, please, Danny. You--you had your fun, you got your kicks
with me, didn't you? Let me go now."

   "But I'm not finished with you, Barb," I said. "Tim gasve you to
me for all night. And I'll bet I can think of all kinds of things
I'd like to do."

   "No," Barbara said. "No more, Danny. No."

   "God, you're a sexy bitch," I said.

   "Danny. Please. Untie me. Just--just untie my arms and legs,
okay? Please, Danny."

   "Why should I?"

   "It hurts, Danny. It hurts a lot. Oh, come on, do it, Danny. It
hurts so much, I can't stand it any longer."

   "Unnh-unnh," I said. "I want you right there so I can get at
you."

   "Listen--I'll stay here, I won't try to run away, I promise,
okay? Just loosen the ropes, okay? Please?"

   "I don't trust you," I said.

   "Oh, god!"

   "Anyway," I said, "I like you that way. It's so sexy and
exciting, the way your body is all stretched out. It plulls your
legs so tight the muscles push out against your skin. And your big
round titties push up so high and firm--"

   "Oh stop! You filthy boy!"

   "Don't call me names, Barbara. That's not nice. Tell me you
didn't mean it."

   I saw her swallow. "I-I'm sorry," she said slowly. "I-I didn't
mean it, Danny."

   "Good. And when you try to pull against the ropes, your long
luscious body squirms and twists and wriggles until I want to fuck
you to death."

   Barbara started to cry again, and then stopped. "Danny--if you
let me go I'll be good to you. Okay? I'll be so nice, you'll like
it, Danny, I promise."

   I got up and went to the bed and sat down. "Barb, you're a
liar," I said, and deliberately I put my hand on her tit again.
Barbara bit her lip. I squeezed the breast hard. Very hard.
Barbara's body thrashed.

   "Aahh! No! Danny, don't, stop, oh god, stop!"

   I let her go.

   "Don't," she sobbed. "Don't hurt me. Please don't hurt me!"

   "God, what I'd like to do to you, sis," I said. "I want to fuck
you again, and fuck your mouth again, too. And--"

   "No!"

   "Yeah. But that's not all I could do if I wanted to. You can't
stop me, sis. For instance, I think it would be a kick and a half
to call up a few of my friends and invite them over. Why should I
have all the fun?"

   "No!" Barbara screamed. "For god's sake, no, Danny, you can't,
oh no, you can't!" And she twisted against the ropes again. I
watched her tits until she stopped.

   "If you don't want that," I said, "you better be ultra-nice to
me, Barb. I'm not kidding, now. You have to do anything I say. You
got that?"

   "Y-yes, Danny," she whimpered. "I-I will. I-I'll be good."

   I ran my hands over her. All over her body. Slowly. Lingeringly.
Barb lay still and took it.

   "Okay," I said, and lay down on top of her again. I loved
hearing her gasp when the ropes cut into her skin. I lay all my
weight on her shaking, pain-filled body. "I'm going to kiss you,
sis. And I want you to kiss me back. Real sexily. You understand?"

   "I--Y-yes--"

   "Do it right. I want you to put your tongue in my mouth and make
it a really exciting kiss. Okay?"

   "Ohh...you...I...yesssss..."

   "You sweet bitch," I said, and I put my mouth on hers. Slowly,
hesitatingly, her tongue pushed out to touch mine. Her soft lips
opened against my lips, and her trembling tongue slid into my
mouth. I kissed her and kissed her, and her obedient tongue probed
and tasted in my mouth, and my cock got hard as a rock.

   I broke the kiss. "I want you now," I said.

   "Untie me," Barb said.

   "I'd like to untie just your legs and make you wrap your thighs
around me as I fuck you," I said. "But also I like the way they're
pulled so tight and straining."

   "But I hurt so bad."

   "Take this," I said, and shoved my cock up her cunt. She howled,
and again I lost myself in the lustful joy of straining legs and
twisting torso and twitching hips and firm, squirming breasts.

   "You long, luscious sex bunny," I rasped. "You're a dirty slut.
Right, Barb? Right? Say it, Barb. Say, yes, Danny, I am a dirty
slut. Come on. Say it! Or I'll bring all the guys on the block in
here to fuck your slut's body. Say it!"

   Barbara was crying and gasping. "Ohhh...ooohh...god...I-I-I
am...I am...a dirty--s-s-slut," she sobbed.

   "Right. And you love to fuck your brother. Say that."

   "Danny--"

   "Say it!" I thrust at her brutally.

   "Aaahh! I...aahh...I-I l-l-love...oohh...t-to f-fuck...unnhh
...m-my brother--"

   "Take it. Take this, sis. And now say, I want your cock in my
slut's mouth again. Now!"

   "AAAIIIIEEE! AGGHH! I-I want...ohh Jesus, I'm...I w-want your
c-c-cock...No, oh no, I can't, I'm going to...I--yes! I want your
cock ohh goddd in my s-s-slut's mouth--again! Fuck me!"

   "Fuck my sister. Fucking my naked bitch sister!"

   "Oh, fuck your sister ahh whore slut cocksucking sister ahh noww
oh Danny--"

   "SIS YOU SHIT--"

   "KILL ME AAIIIIIII..."


3:

    "Let me go now, Danny," Barbara said. She sounded exhausted.

   "No," I said.

   "For god's sake, it's killing me," Barb said. "My wrists hurt so
bad. And I have to go to the bathroom. Please, Danny. I hurt all
over."

   "But you look so nice and helpless all spread out and
straining," I said.

   "You bastard," Barb said, and right away she got scared. "I take
it back," she said swiftly. "I'm sorry, Danny. Please untie me,
I'll be good, I'll do anything you want, okay? I'm yours for the
night, just let me loose. I beg you. You want to hear me beg? I'm
begging you, Danny, I'lm really begging, I'll do anything, anything
at all, please...please..."

   I said, "Anything?"

   "Y-yes--what?"

   "You tell me," I said. "What will you do?"

   "Oh. Oh...I-I don't know...Just--"

   "I'll tell you what I'd like," I said. "I'd like you to crawl
for me. Yes, crawl. Like a dog. It would just knock me out to watch
my snobby big sister crawling around naked in front of me. Would
you do that for me, Barbara?"

   Barbara bit at her lip. Her eyes closed, and she nodded.

   "Say it," I said.

   "Danny--"

   "I'll tell you what, sis. If you don't say that, I'll keep you
tied to that bed all night long. That's a promise."

   "All right," she whispered finally.

   "All right what? Come on."

   "All right, I-I'll crawl for you. I'll crawl all you want.
Okay?"

   "Great. Oh. One other thing, Barb."

   "What?"

   "I'm going to ask Tony to join us," I said.

   I watched my sister with joy as she shook her head in horror.
"No. God, Dann, no. Please no. Anything but that. I can't do that,
I can't, please, Danny." I was silent. Barbara was frantic. "I'll
crawl for you, Danny. I'll crawl and grovel and--and kiss your
feet, okay? And you can use my body any way you want, and I'll suck
your cock, honest to god I'll suck you all night, Danny, as much as
you want, and I'll--"

   "I know that, sis," I said. "And you'll do it for Tony, too."

   Barbara was crying. I watched her breasts shaking as I went to
the phone and dialled. "Tony?" I said when he picked up. "Listen,
Tony. You know my big sister Barbara? Right, the stuck- up one. How
would you like to fuck her?" Barbara was rolling her head from side
to side and pulling blindly at the ropes. "No, I'm not kidding. On
the up and up, I swear. Yes, she's lying right here, on her bed,
all naked and ready. Okay--come on." I hung up.

   Barbara was looking at me in horror. "If you do this," she said
brokenly, "I'll kill you, Danny. I swear I'll kill you."

   "Bullshit," I said. "You'll do just what I say and that's all,
because if you make any trouble at all, Tim will give you to me for
as long as I want. You don't want that, Barbie. Do you?"

   "No," she whispered.

   "Right. I'm going to untie you now. But don't move until I say
you can. Is that clear?"

   Barb nodded. I untied her wrists and ankles, but I made her stay
stretched out as she was while I ran my hands all over her body
again. She had to stay still and take it. Finally I let her up to
go to the bathroom. When she came out she had adjusted her clothes.

   "Take them off," I said. "All off. Strip. Every stitch."

   She did so, crying. And then I just kept her standing naked
until Tony knocked on the door.

   I grinned at her. "Okay," I said. "Go let him in."

   "I-I'm--"

   "I know. Open the door for him."

   "I--like---not like this!"

   "Just like that."

   "Danny!"

   "Do it."

   "No!" she cried. "No! I can't! Not--not naked, not like this,
Danny--"

   "Do it, Barbara," I said.

   "I-I can't, oh god I can't, no, please, oh don't make me, Danny,
please don't make me--"

   "Do it."

   "God, I hate you," Barbara said. "You lousy bastard, I hate
you."

   "Do it," I said.

   Barbara swallowed hard. Shaking, she moved to the door. With a
tiny moan, she forced herself to pull it open.

   "Jesus H. Christ!" Tony said, coming in.

   "Okay, Barb," I said. "Hands down. Let Tony see all of you."

   "I hate you," Barbara hissed.

   "Go down on your knees, sis. Crawl for us."

   Barbara crawled, crawled and cried. Her breasts dangled and
swayed.

   "Do you want to fuck this crawling bitch, Tony?" I said.

   "God, yes!" Tony said.

   "Barbara," I said. "Suck Tony's cock."

   Soon I was watching my sister on all fours before my pal,
shaking and sobbing, her hair falling down as she slid her sexy
lips up and down his prick. I watched him come inside her mouth,
and I told her to swallow it, and she did. And then I got down
behind her and put my cock into her asshole, and fucked and fucked
her while Tony pulled her hair and mauled her tits and raped her
mouth and slapped her face and I made her come again and again and
again and she screamed and howled and yelled and shrieked and
whimpered and twisted and wriggled and writhed and squirmed and
thrashed and I told her I would piss on her and she lay back and
spread out and Tony and I pissed all over her and she drank it.

   And Tim took her away.


4:

    "Barbara has something to say to you," Tim said.

   Barbara walked up to me and sank to her knees. "I humbly beg
your pardon for defying you," she said in a shaking voice. "I am a
disobedient slut, and I will unhesitatingly follow all your demands
from now on. Kindly do with my body as you wish. I am your docile
servant. I will do as you say, and I will allow my body to be used
by anyone you may stipulate. If I do not, I am a filthy bitch and
I will be horribly punished."

   "Right," Tim said. "She's yours for a while, kid. I'm going
away. If she gives you any trouble at all, string her up by her
wrists and thrash her silly."

   Tim left.

   "I don't think I'll have to do that, will I, Barbara?" I said.

   "No," she said quickly. "No, Danny. No."

   "Okay," I said. "I'll tell you what you can do now. Go to the
phone and call up Tony and ask him--nicely--to come over and do
what he did last time. Will you do that, Barbara?"

   "Yes, Danny," my sister said, in a voice so low I could hardly
hear it.

   "Do it then."

   Barbara got up from her knees and went to the phone and dialled.

   "Tony? I--this--this is Barbara. Yes, Danny's s-sister.
That's--that's right. I--oh--I was--I have to ask you--"

   "No," I said. "You WANT to ask him."

   "I-I want to ask you...to...to come to my house and...and... and
d-do what you did last time..."

   "You want him to fuck you, Barbara."

   "I-I want you to f-fuck me--"

   "

   "And you want to suck his prick."

   "And I-I-I w-want to--s-suck your p-p-prick...Ohh...Ohh..."

   "Barbara," I said. "Tell him to bring some friends along."

   She gasped sharply. "No!" she cried, but as I looked at her she
began to shake. "All right," she said hastily. "All right, Danny."
And into the phone she said unsteadily. "T-Tony? B-bring some
friends along. Yes. Oh, god..."

   "Now," I said. "I'm not going to make you answer the door naked
this time, sis."

   "Ohh, thank god..."

   "Know why? Because I think all those guys will enjoy a little
strip-tease."

   "Danny..."

   "So you're going to wait till they're all here, and then you can
do a nice slow sexy strip for all of us."

   "Danny..."

   "What?" I said warningly.

   "Yes, Danny," Barbara said.

   So when they came (and Tony brought four other boys with him) I
made her take all her clothes off in front of us, very slowly and
sensuously and humiliatingly. It was such fun to see my sister
stripping, with tears running down her face. I had her take her
hair down, and it fell down practically to her ass. I liked seeing
it dragging on the ground when I made her crawl for us.

   Then we had a contest to find out who could last longest as
Barbara sucked him off. On her knees. Tony won, and his prize was
to fuck her first.

   He made her sit on top of him, moving up and down with his cock
inside her. I made her go very slowly, to heighten her shame and
degradation. Her round full breasts bounced and quivered, their
nipples hard with embarrassment. Until Tony put his hands on them
and began squeezing them as hard as he could, which made her long
luscious body squirm and writhe and jerk as she went up and down,
up and down on his prick until he shot his load up into her.

   Then all the boys screwed her, over and over until Barbara was
crying and sobbing and begging for a halt. But we kept on and on,
fucking her all night long, in her cunt, her mouth, her ass. And
when all of us had drained our last drop, I told her to lay herself
out to be pissed on.

   The boys all gathered around that spread-eagled, sobbing form,
and we inundated her with piss, first one at a time, then all at
once, pissing all over her body, pissing on breasts and legs and
hips and torso, pissing into her face, soaking her eyes asnd her
hair and nose and mouth. And I told her to open her mouth and take
it in, and we all pissed into her mouth, and I told her to swallow
it all down, and she swallowed and swallowed but choked in it and
gagged and we laughed.

   Then the boys left, and as they were going I said, "Barbara, ask
the boys to come back tomorrow."

   Sobbing, choking, shaking, Barbara did so.

   "Who are you?" I said then.

   "I am your loving sister," she whispered. "Your sister, your
slave. Your servant, your slut, your whore. I am your cocksucker
and ass-licker. I am your toy, your plaything."

   "Crawl," I said, and she crawled for me, naked and bedraggled
and beautiful.

   And I got the whip and she said, "Ohhh," and I was her master.

   "Just once," I said, and slashed her breasts hard and listened
to the wonderful scream.


5:

    Tony and I took Barbara out for a walk. Nobody could tell that
her hands were tied behind her back, because her light coat was
hung over her shoulders.

   "God, this is exciting," Tony said. "Let's do something really
dirty with her."

   "Okay," I said. "Sounds good to me. Okay with you, sis?"

   Barbara was trying somehow to be inconspicuous, but it wasn't
easy, as she was wearing a tight sweater and a short skirt, and her
body was difficult to ignore. "I--yes, Danny," she said.

   "Isn't she terrific?" I said. "So willing, so docile."

   "But she hates it," Tony said.

   "Oh, yes," I said. "That's the best part. Big sister hates every
minute of it. Don't you, sis?"

   "I--"

   "The truth, Barbara," I said warningly.

   "Y-yes," Barbara whispered. "Yes, I do."

   "But you'll do it anyway. Anything at all I tell you. Anything.
Right, sis?"

   And Barbara said, "Yes, Danny."

   "God," Tony said, "I love it!"

   "What shall we do with this ass-licking slut?" I said.

   "Why don't we take her someplace good and public and have her
make an ass of herself," Tony said.

   "Okay. How about a restaurant? We can eat and humiliate Barbara
all at once."

   We found a small and not too crowded but quite public restaurant
and got a table. Barbara and her tight, skimpy outfit attracted a
lot of attention. Tony and I ordered for all of us. Barbara had a
Coke. With a straw. Her face was bright red; she felt that all the
customers were staring at her and wondering about her hands, or
gaping at her out-thrust, straining breasts and her exposed and
naked thighs.

   "Barb," I said, "I'm going to call the waiter over. I want you
to ask him if he would like you to suck his cock for him."

   Barbara caught her breath. She shook her head involuntarily.
"D-Danny--"

   "Barb," I said. "Say, yes, Danny, I will do just as you say."

   "Danny, my god--"

   "Sis. The whip is waiting," I said.

   Barbara bit her lip. I saw her swallow. She was pale.

   "Say it."

   "Y-yes, D-Danny. I-I'll do just as you say."

   "She's crying," Tony said.

   I blotted her face. "Stop crying, sis. Right now." And I
signalled for the waiter, who approached.

   "Yes, sir?"

   "The lady wants to ask you something," I said.

   The waiter could not stop himself from running his eyes hungrily
down Barbara's luscious body. "Yes, ma'am?"

   Barbara swallowed. Her face was crimson  and she was shaking.
"I--would you--would you l-like me to--"

   "Go on, Barb," I said.

   It stuck in her throat.

   "My sister is tongue-tied," I said. "It's probably because her
hands are tied too." The waiter's mouth fell open. "What she wants
to ask you is if you would like her to suck your cock for you.
Isn't that right, Barb?"

   "I-I--ohhh. Yes," Barb got out.

   By now the waiter was panting. "Would you?" I said.

   "Oh," he gasped. "Oh, yes sir. Yes, ma'am. Oh yes!"

   "I'd like to do it right here, but it might disturb your
patrons," I said. "

                 Can we go in the back?"

   And our waiter took us in back, to a big pantry room that was
fairly private. And there I took off Barbara's coat so he could
look at her bound wrists. And then I took off her sweater so he
could look at her tits. And I took off her skirt so he could look
at all of her. Her naked body shook badly, and her sobs made her
breasts do nice things.

   "Okay, Barb," I said. "Down. On your knees. I want you to suck
this man very slowly and lovingly. Don't make him come right away.
Lick his prick with your tongue, and kiss it a lot, and lick his
balls and all that. I want you to suck him for half an hour without
stopping. And then swallow all his gism. You'll do all that, won't
you, sis? Hmmm?"

   "Yes, Danny," she sobbed.

   And she did. While she was doing it, I called in all the other
waiters and busboys and cooks and any of the staff I could find,
and brought them all in to watch the fantastically stimulating
sight of my gorgeous long-haired sister kneeling on the dirty
floor, with her hands bound behind her back, stark naked, sucking
and sucking and licking and kissing and loving this stranger's
prick, breasts swaying, head bobbing, all of her filled with shame
and horror and humiliation.

   The waiter shot down her throat, and I lined up all the others
and had her do it to them, and then all of us fucked her, lying on
her twisting, bucking body and crushing her arms under her and
banging away joyfully at the degraded thing until she was slick and
slimy with gism.

   "We'll be back tomorrow," I said. 


6:


    "Barbara, darling," I said. "I'm going to throw a big coming
home party for Tim. And you're going to be the guest of honor."

    Barbara looked up at me from the floor.

    "What I'm going to do is to invite all Tim's pals--oh, and all
my pals too, of course. And I'll have lots of food, and drink, and
music, and maybe balloons and stuff--and then there'll be you. The
high spot of the entertainment. A thing of beauty and a joy
forever. For a night, anyway. You'll be in your room, Barbara.
Spread out across your bed. Stark naked. Stretched as tight as a
drum. Spread-eagled. Ready for anything. And anybody. And I'll put
up a big sign on the wall above you: `I am Barbara, your hostess.
Fuck me.' And I bet they will, too."

    Barbara was not happy with this plan. So to talk her into it,
I hung her up from the ceiling by her wrists, and I spent about
half an hour using the whip to lash her dangling, twisting body.
After which I demonstrated the pain-inducing qualities of a lit
cigarette on her nipples.

    "You look so good that way, Barb," I said to the hanging,
screaming, twisting form, "that I'm almost of a mind to have you
this way at the party. But then I guess you wouldn't be in as good
a position for fucking. But maybe later on--"

    Barbara didn't object to my party plans after that, but each
time I told her about a new thought for that night, I saw her
tremble and look frantic. It stimulated my lust for her body. By
now I was making her pass the night in my bed, usually with her
arms bound over her head to the top. In the middle of the night I
would roll on top of her and push my prick up her squirming cunt 
and lie there, just staying still and allowing her soft, writhing
body and her squashy high tits and her despairing sobs to bring me
to climax. I would make her curl her legs around my waist and lock
her ankles at my back. And in the morning I would unfasten her
wrists and let her crawl down to put her face in my crotch and take
my prick in her mouth and I would let out all my piss from the
night and she would drink it down. After I had emptied my bladder
in her mouth I had her suck me off, slowly, and I would come all
over her pretty face.

    I got so used to having her to submit to my commands, that I
hated to think that Tim would want her all to himself again. So I
planned one last big orgy of horror and shame for my beautiful
slave sister. But Tony wanted to take advantage of his position
with her, and I said okay, anybody fantasiz, and the girl servicing
his cock stopped her ministrations in mid-stroke.  Jimm showing
total adoration and love.

   Gavin grinned.  "You may as well take her now; her mother can
help."

   Jimmy ordered Patty to strip; she removed her Girl Scout outfit
and unsexy cotton panties.  Her mother was obeying Gavin's mental
command and was videotaping the proceedings eagerly.

   Gavin told Patty, "You are naked before your Master, which is
fitting, as you are about to begin a new life of service and
obedience."

   One of Gavin's girls entered, carrying a package.  It contained
a pair of silky, shiny bikini panties in Patty's size, and a
"duplicate" Girl Scout uniform.  The "duplicate" was made of
transparent green nylon, with a see-through white blouse under the
outer vest.  Patty donned the "uniform", and turned slowly to
display herself to Jimmy and the camera.

   Jimmy was hard as stone.  He took Patty's hand and led her to a
soft cushion.  Seated beside the little girl slave, he said to her,
"Patty, are you ready to begin your service to me?"

   "Yes, Master," she replied with complete sincerity.

   "I am going to teach you about sex," he told her.  "Have you
learned anything about it before?"

   "No, Master.  We had sex-ed in school but it was boring and
didn't really tell us anything.  I've heard some things from my
friends," she replied.

   "Good, Patty.  Help 


7:

   I was not surprised when I was called into the principal's
office. I knew what it was about. I had made Barbara put one of the
photographs I had taken of her--bound and naked--up on the school
bulletin board. You can imagine how she loved doing that. And how
she felt walking around school and sitting in class with all the
kids looking at her and thinking of that photo.

   Now she was sitting in the principal's office as I came in. Mr.
Boggs was at his desk with the picture in front of him.

   "Youngman," he said in an awful voice. "Your sister has told
me--is it true, young man, that this--this disgraceful photograph
has something to do with you?"

   "Yes, sir," I said. "I took it. And I told Barbara to put it up.
I wanted to share it with my schoolmates."

   "Why--you--this is--my god, man! This girl is your sister!"

   "I know," I said. "Sexy, isn't she?"

   "How--how can you?" Boggs choked. "Your own sister!"

   "I control her," I said. "Don't I, Barb? Look." I went to the
back of Barbara's chair, reached around and took her breasts in my
hands. I saw her hands tighten on the chair arms, but she didn't
say anything. I squeezed the breasts through her tight sweater.
Hard. Boggs' eyes widened.

   "See?" I said. "Good tits too. You can tell that from the photo.
Would you like to compare it with the real thing?" I quickly lifted
up the sweater, baring Barbara's tits to him. I saw him flush, and
he started to say something, but didn't. And he didn't look away.

   "Gorgeous, aren't they?" I said. "Want to see more?"

   Barbara was clutching the chair arms and trying not to breathe
too hard because it made those tits go up and down. Boggs didn't
say anything, so I said, "Stand up, sis."

   She stood unsteadily. I unfastened her skirt and let it drop to
the floor. Barb was naked.

   "No underwear," I pointed out. "I don't let her wear it any
more."

   "Damn it!" Boggs said hoarsely. "Your own sister."

   "Right," I said. "How would you like to have my sister lying]
across your desk waiting for you to fuck her?"

   "I-I don't--I--Barbara, what do you have to say to all this?"

   Barb bit her lip. I knew what she would have liked to say, but
I also knew what would happen to her if she did. And so did she.
When she spoke her voice was shaking. "I-I do what my brother
says," she got out.

   "That's right," I said. "Watch. Barb, bend forward over Mr.
Boggs' desk."

   Barbara moved to the front of the desk and bent over.

   "All the way," I said. "Flat down." And she lowered herself till
her tits flattened against the wood. Her ass stuck up and out.

   "Good," I said. "Now ask Mr. Boggs if he wouldn't like to fuck
you in the ass."

   "Wait--" Boggs said, but stopped. "Oh god," he said. "Oh sweet
Jesus." And he got up from his chair and moved around to Barbara's
side. "I--I can't--" He put a hand out and touched the thrusting
bare buttocks.

   "Ask him, Barb," I said.

   Barb made a tiny sound, and then she said, "M-Mr. B-Boggs...
w-would you like to...t-to f-fuck me?"

   "In the ass," I said.

   "In--in the ass...ohh..."

   "I would," Boggs said. "God help me, I can't say no to that."
And he brought out his cock and got behind her. I went around and
sat down in his chair so I could watch Barbara's face.

   "God," Boggs gasped. "It's so tight!"

   "Well, Barbara's young," I said.

   "Oh, yes, oh yes she is," Boggs said. His hands were moving all
over her body now as he banged her against the desk. "She is. She's
a young girl, a damn lovely young slut of a girl, a dirty
filthy...bitch...whore...cunt of a g-girlll..."

   "Ohhh!" Barb howled, body jerking and jouncing with his
battering. "Ohh no, aahh don't, aaahh god, no, ohh please...
Aaahhh...aaaahh...AAIIIEEAAHH!"

   "Noisy slut, isn't she?" I said. "Want me to shut her up for
you?" And I took out my prick and with my other hand I grabbed
Barbara's long hair and pulled hard, making her shriek and pulling
her body painfully across the desk. I forced her twisting head down
to my crotch. "Suck me, sis," I gritted. "Put your soft luscious
mouth right on my cock and suck it good." And I arched forward and
jammed my prick all the way into her mouth.

   "Aaggghhhh!" she choked. I held her down on me by the hair,
twisting it hard in my hand, and kept her sucking me as Boggs
slammed away in her ass. "NNNNNGGHH! NUGHHNNNAA! GHGHG..."


8:

    After the photograph on the bulletin board, everybody at school
knew about my relationship with Barbara, and I suddenly got invited
to a lot of parties and stuff. One night I took Barbara to a party
of kids who hadn't participated in any of my original shows with
her. We were the focus of attention right away.

   I got comfortable. All the guys sat around trying to look
normal, but there was a strain in the air.

   "Barbara," I said at last. "You know what all these guys are
waiting for, don't you? They know you're my slave. And that I have
absolute power over you. And that I can make you do any damn thing
I say."

   Barbara didn't look at anybody.

   "So," I said, "all of them are just waiting, hoping to god that
I'll want to show you off. Hoping to god I'm going to make you do
something dirty in front of them. Right, guys?"

   Nobody said anything.

   "Right. Because they'd love to see you degraded, sis. Not to say
naked. And maybe they'll get to fuck you. Well, guys--I don't
know." I was having lots of fun. "I could, of course, make my sexy
sister here do a strip for us. Take off all her clothes. And she'd
do it. Right, sis?"

   Barbara was looking at the floor and her face was red. But she
said, "Yes, Danny." Very softly.

   "Right. Or I could make her suck all our cocks. She's terrific
at cock-sucking. And if I say so, she'll swallow all your scum and
beg for more. Or take it all over her face and lick it off her
lips. Right, sis?"

   And Barb said, shakily, "Yes, Danny."

   "Right. Or fuck everybody in this room. Or crawl naked for us,
or lick the dirt off the floor, or jerk herself off with a poker.
Or anything. Anything at all. Right, sis?"

   And again, without looking up, Barbara said, "Yes, Danny."

   By now the guys were practically coming in their pants. And I
grinned. "But why should I?" I said. "What's in it for me? Why
should I share this fantastic piece of ass with you fuckers? Can
you offer anything that I might want in return?"

   Right away they all started pulling out money.

   "Fuck that," I said. "I want more than that."

   "What the fuck do you want?" a guy said.

   "Your girl," I said, pointing to a lusciously curved sandy
blonde with long, mouth-watering legs sitting in a corner. "That's
what."

   "Are you nuts!"

   "No. Tit for tat," I said.

   "Go to hell."

   "Okay. I think I'll go now." I got up.

   "Wait," the guy said. "You--you really want Cindy? You'll give
us Barbara for her?"

   "Right," I said.

   Cindy got up. "Hey, forget it," she said.

   "Look, Cindy," the guy said. "It's in a good cause, okay?"

   "No!" Cindy shouted. "You must be crazy, Clyde. Stuff it!"

   "Cindy--"

   "No. That's it, that's all, and goodbye, you turd!"

   The guys looked at each other.

   Cindy got scared. She moved to the door.

   "Okay," the first guy said. "Grab her."

   And before Cindy could reach the door, they surrounded her.

   "Wait!" she yelled. "No!"

   But they got hold of her and pulled her down onto the floor. She
put up a terrific fight, but she was only one girl against all of
them. Finally four guys took hold of her wrists and ankles and
spread-eagled her, holding her down as she squirmed and twisted and
thrashed.

   "No!" she shrieked. "God, no! What are you doing? Let me go!
Don't! Oh, god, don't!" But they stretched her out tautly and
pinned her down, though she still fought, her breasts bouncing and
her hips bucking frantically.

   "Strip her," her boyfriend said, and they tore at her clothes.
She squealed like an animal and whipped her head from side to side,
bucking and pulling desperately at the hands pinning her arms and
legs. But they ripped at her clothing, stripping her roughly,
tossing garments away and baring her twisting body until she was
naked.

   "Oh, Jesus, stop!" she screamed. "No! Stop, don't, oh no, oh
please, please don't, oh please, no, don't do this, ohh, ohh..."
Cindy was sobbing now, her struggles diminishing. She lay gasping
and panting and crying, and the sight of that wide open, naked,
twitching body was the most erotic thing I ever saw.

   "Take her," the first guy said.

   "No!" Cindy wailed. "No!" But I had my clothes off by now, and
I was hot as a brand. I got down and lay out on top of her,
glorying in the sight and sound and smell and touch of that
wriggling, flailing body under me, the high round tits squashing
against my chest, and the long soft smooth flesh all along my 
body.

   "Don't," Cindy begged despairingly. "Please don't."

   "Hold her tight," I said, and slid my cock into her writhing
pussy. She howled in my ear and I took hold of her soft yellow hair
and held her head still and mashed my mouth down on hers, kissing
and biting her soft lips as I rammed and thrust and lunged inside
her, and I heard Barbara yelling as they took her. And took her.
And took her... 


9:

    Cindy paid me a visit four days later.

   I was amazed. "Hi, Cindy," I said. I gazed at the luscious body
and the high, thrusting tits and the long, curvy legs, and I almost
got weak from the memory of it all flailing and twisting underneath
me as I raped her that night. Cindy's soft blonde hair swung around
her shoulders, and looking now at her face, which I had seen that
night mostly in shadow or twisted and distorted by fright and pain,
I saw that she was truly lovely. And sexy as shit.

   "What can I do for you, Cin?" I said.

   "I want her," Cindy said.

   "Oh? You want who?"

   "Your--Barbara," she said.

   "You're kidding!"

   "No. I'm not kidding. I want her. I'll borrow her if you-- I'll
pay you for a night with her. Or--"

   "Hold it. What do you want to do with her?"

   "What do you think?" Cindy said.

   "Shit," I said. "I thought you were normal, anyway."

   "You fucked-up bastard," Cindy said. "Who are you to talk about
normal? Can I buy her or not?"

   I let my eyes go down her body again. Slowly. Cindy squirmed
under my look.

   "Maybe," I said. "Maybe you can, Cindy. But not with money. You
know?"

   "You son of a bitch," Cindy said. "You've already had me. You
had me good. Don't you remember?"

   "Oh, I certainly do," I said. "I can't forget that, Cindy.
That's why I want you again. Only without four guys having to hold
you down this time. I want to fuck your body until my cock looks
like a toothpick, and I want you to cooperate. I want to use that
beautiful mouth of yours. I want you to lay for me, Cindy, and I
don't much care if you like it or not. In fact, if you don't it
will be all that much sweeter."

   "You dirty shit!" Cindy said.

   "Now, Cindy," I said, gloating. "If you want  Barbara you'll
have to start being nice to me. I want you to submit to me
absolutely. I want to watch you stripping for me, Cin. I want to
see you on your knees. I want to hear you asking me to fuck you in
the ass. I want--"

   "Go to hell," Cindy said.

   I got up.

   "Wait," Cindy said. "I--Okay. All right. I'll do it. Okay?"

   "Kiss me, Cindy," I said, and after a short hesitation she came
to me and put her arms around me and I pulled her body hard against
mine and she kissed me, long and hard and sexy.

   "Now," I said. "You know what I like to watch Barbara doing?"

   "What?" Cindy said.

   "Crawling."

   "Oh." Cindy swallowed, and then she started to sink to the 
floor.

   "Naked," I said.

   And Cindy took a long breath and began to strip. I made her go
very slowly and I sat in front of her and watched as she bared her
body to me. I made her crawl and I made her suck me off and I shot
my wad right into her gorgeous face.

   Then I had her lay herself out and spread her legs and I got
down and fucked her. I fucked her for a long time, making her curl
her soft erotic thighs around me and squirm underneath my body. I
made her twist and arch her hips and thrash around, and I enjoyed
that body to the hilt for hours. Cindy didn't come. Nor did she cry
or scream, but I could tell she hated every minute, and that made
me enjoy it more.

   And then I got Barbara and told her what Cindy was going to do
with her, and she was so disgusted and horrified that she vomited.
I had to force her to lick it up, and then I had to punish her by
tying her down and using my cigarette for a long time on various
spots on her body, until she was screaming to the world how much
she would love to submit to Cindy's ministrations.

   So I turned her loose and watched her making love to Cindy, and
Cindy making love to Barbara. It turned me on again quickly to see
the two gorgeous naked bodies lying in a sixty-nine position and
licking and kissing at each other, with their curvy legs kicking in
opposite directions, Barbara crying and choking with disgust and
shame, Cindy moaning and spasming, with her blonde hair whipping
around her face and her young high round bouncy tits rolling and
dancing, nipples hard as rocks.

   Finally she was sitting on Barbara's face, writhing in ecstasy
as a gasping Barbara sucked at her pussy, and I got up and stood in
front of her and put my hard prick against her lips. "Do it,
Cindy," I said. I pinched her nipples to encourage her, and Cindy
let my cock slip into her mouth and I clutched her hair and jammed
her face into my stomach and held her there, raping her mouth until
I shot down her throat. 


10:

    "Danny don't, Danny, Danny, don't, please, Danny, no more, not
any more, please, oh god no, please, Danny--"

   "But I'm just getting started, Barb," I said.

   "Oh no, I can't, I can't stand it, for god's sake, Danny,
anything, ohh god don't do any more, I'll be good, I can't, Jesus,
please, Danny--"

   "But it's so sweet to see you suffer so much, sis."

   "No...some other way, make me suffer another way, please, Danny,
I can't do it any more, I'll do anything you say, anything--"

   "But you'll do that anyway, Barb," I pointed out.

   "Ahh. Aaaahh. Oh, no, no, ohohohohoho nooooo..."

   "Okay," I said, "tell me what you'll do if I stop."

   "

   "Anything!"

   "I know, but you have to be specific, sis. Or I'll just have to
go on burning you."

   "No! I-I'll fuck you, I'll suck you, I'll crawl for you--"

   "No imagination," I said, lifting up my cigarette.

   "No! No, Danny! I-I'll do--I'll fuck anybody you say. I-I'll go
out in the street and--and pick up strange men, I-I'll fuck them in
the street, oh god, please..."

   "Go on."

   "I'll--I'll lick your ass, Danny. I'll lick your ass real good,
I'll--I'll stick my tongue all the way up your asshole and
I'll--I'll wiggle it around and you'll love it--"

   "I'm getting bored," I said. I brought the cigarette close to
her jouncing breast so she could feel the heat.

   "AAAIII!" she screamed in fright. "No! D-Danny--I-I-I'll do  it
with Cindy again, I-I'll suck her cunt and--and--and you can tie me
down and--and you can bring all your friends--like at the party,
Danny--and I'll ask them to fuck me, I swear I will, I'll beg them
to use my body, yes, my cunt and my mouth and my ass and--"

   "Shit," I said.

   "I'll drink your piss, Danny. I know I do that anyway but-- but
I'll do it in public. Danny--listen--I--please don't--I'll do it
right in school. Think of it, Danny--I-I'll--imagine having me on
my knees in the middle of the school lunchroom--and--and I'm
drinking your piss, Danny. Right there. Drinking it all. And-- and
the other boys will want me to drink their piss too, and I'll--
you'll line them all up and I'll drink it all, all of them, and
I'll--I'll be so full of piss I'll probably throw up, and--and you
can make me lick it off the floor, and--and--oh, oh god, ohh my
god--J"

   Barbara was crying so hard she couldn't talk any more. I watched
her dangling naked body writhing erotically, her high tits shaking,
her arms stretched high above her head, her legs kicking faintly,
all of her taut and tight and straining. Her long hair hung down to
her waist. Her young sweet flesh was enhanced by the angry burns
all over her body. And the stripes from my whip. And marks from
other painful and arousing sessions I had put her through.

   "Sis," I said, "in my wildest dreams I would never imagine such
pleasure. My own big sister, my sexy, haughty, bullying, stuck-up
sister, hanging here in front of me, all naked, all mine, hurting
and crying and begging me, begging me, to do dirty things to her,
to use her as a slut and a slave."

   "Oh god. Oh, Danny, yes, I am your slut and whore and
cocksucker."

   "Cocksucker," I said.

   "Yes. Cock-sucker. I'll be your own sister slut cunt cock-
sucking slave."

   "You are, Barbara. So what?"

   "But I-I'll--oh--I'll eat shit, Danny. I'll--I'll eat your shit.
Any way you want."

   "How disgusting," I mocked.

   "Oh, Danny, don't hurt me any more, please, I'm begging you,
I'll beg you on my knees, Danny, just let me down, for god's sake
take me down."

   "In a little while, Barb," I said, raising the cigarette. "Make
a little more music for me first."

   "No! D-Danny, no! Noooohhh! No please no don't ah no god don't
Danny please please pleeeeeaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
OOOOOOWWWAIIIONOOOOAAAAAGGGHHHOAAHAHAHAHAHAAAIIIIGHUNHUNNNHHUUUUN
NNNHHH! NOONOONOOHOHOHOHOHOHOHAAAAGGGGHHHH! Aaarrrrrghhhh!
AUUUGHHH! EEEEEEEEOWWOWWOWWOWWAHUHUHUHUHUHUUUUU!"

   I fucked my sister's beautiful flailing body yet again.


11:

    I couldn't do anything to stop my parents from sending Barbara
off to college. All I could do was promise her a particularly hard
time when she came back for vacation. And I gave her some parting
instructions: to go to bed with all of her instructors, no matter
what she had to do to seduce them. All, without fail. And to write
me long letters describing in detail what she did with them.

   And she did. I got very horny reading about it, and without
Barbara I had no easy outlet. One day at school I saw Cindy, and
looking at that luscious rippling body and recalling what I had
done with it, I wanted her again, badly.

   "Cindy," I said. "Hi. How about you and me tonight?"

   "Forget it," Cindy said flatly.

   "But--"

   "No. Buzz off."

   "Look, you bitch," I said. "I raped you once and I can do it
again."

   "Bullshit," she said. "You had me once because you had a dozen
guys to hold me down, and once you blackmailed me with your sister.
But that's it, buddy. That's all you get."

   "Is that right?" I said. "I don't think so, Cindy."

   "Dream on," Cindy said, and walked off.

   I was pissed. I thought of Tim. I called him. "Okay, kid," he
said. "Anything for a pal. Just tell me the chick's name."

   Two days later Cindy approached me at school.

   She looked at the floor as she spoke. "Danny, I-I'm sorry that
I said no to you. I--Please forgive me. I'd--I'd love to  fuck for
you. Any time you say."

   "Tim did a good job," I said, and I saw her shudder. "Okay. Come
to my house tonight. Nine o'clock. Got it?"

   "Yes," Cindy said.

   "And, Cindy," I said, grinning. "Another thing. I want your
hands tied."

   "Wh-what?"

   "Your hands," I said. "Read my lips. I want you to have your
hands tied in back of you when you show up. Understand?"

   "My--but--but how--how can I--who's going to--"

   "I don't know," I said. "But do it."

   "But, Danny, I-I'd have to get--I-I don't--"

   "You'll find a way, Cindy baby," I said. "You'd better.
Understand?"

   "Oh, you rotten bastard!" Cindy said.

   "I'll make you apologize for that," I said. "Tonight."

   "I--"

   "Meanwhile, I know you'll find a guy who'll be more than 
willing to tie your hands for you. If you offer him a good reward.
Know what I mean?"

   "You--" Cindy began, but didn't finish. She bit her lip. "You'll
make me into a whore," she said.

   "Right," I said. "That's exactly right." And I left.

   That night Cindy rang my doorbell with difficulty, and as I
opened the door I practically shot in my pants to see that lovely
blonde girl standing there with her wrists bound behind her back.

   "Is this what you wanted?" Cindy said bitterly.

   "It is," I said. "And now I want you to shut up and do what I
say."

   "I--"

   I hit her across the face. She shrieked. "Talk when I say and
not otherwise. Do you get that, Cindy?"

   She nodded, tears of pain and rage in her eyes.

   "Go." I took hold of her hair and jerked her head back, and then
I kissed her. I jammed her back against the wall and ground my body
hard against hers and kissed her and kissed her, and fearfully she
opened her mouth and cooperated in the long kiss. I rubbed her
straining tits through her blouse for a while, and then I lay down
on my back and got my cock out.

   "Okay, Cindy," I said. "Get down here and suck my dick. Right
now."

   It was awkward for her, but she fell to her knees and bowed
down, and when she couldn't reach my cock, she lay down on the 
floor, flat on her stomach. "God, you look fine that way," I said.
"With your body stretching out and your hands all tied and your big
round tits crushed under you and bulging out, and your ass sticking
up and your curvy legs sticking out from your skirt. Now put your
mouth down there and suck."

   Cindy took my prick in her mouth and, moaning, began to bob her
head up and down.

   "Oh, yeah," I said. "Oh, you fine sweet cocksucker, you. Use
your tongue, Cindy. That's it. Oh, that's just fine. Oh, god, look
at you now, Cindy, you dirty bitch whore cock-sucking cunt. Sucking
and licking and swallowing my prick. I'd like to pull up your skirt
and whip your ass as you suck me, Cindy. Maybe I'll do that soon.
Don't stop, you dirty slave cocksucker. Look at your soft yellow
hair brushing my stomach, Cindy. We'll have lots of fun, you and I.
I'm going to shoot down your throat, Cindy, and then I'll strip you
and fuck you as you tell me how much you love me. Slut..."


12:

    "Can I go now?" Cindy said when she had swallowed my gism and
licked the stickiness off my cock.

   I laughed. "What do you think?" I said.

   "Bastard," Cindy said.

   "Cindy, darling," I said. "Do you remember what I did to Barbara
that time? To convince her to cooperate with you? Do  you?"

   "Yes," Cindy said.

   "Would you like me to do that to you?"

   Cindy swallowed hard. "No," she said.

   "I didn't think so. So please don't call me bad names from now
on. Okay?"

    "I--okay. I-I won't."

   "Good. In fact, I'd like to hear you say something nice to me
for a change. Tell me you love me."

   "What?"

   "I said I want you to say you love me," I said. "I'd really dig
that. Say, I love you, Danny. And sound like you mean it. Go on,
I'm listening."

   "Now, wait, Danny, I--"

   "I don't want to hurt you, Cindy. Well, I suppose I do, in a
way. I got a really big kick out of hurting Barbara, for sure. But
Barbara is my sister, and I had an awful lot of hostility stored up
for her. It might be a kick to hurt you, too, but I can do without
that as long as I have your fine little body to play with--and as
long as you're a good girl and do what I say. Anything I say. Now,
Cindy baby. I'm waiting. Say, I love you, Danny. And say it real
nice."

   Cindy took a long breath. "I--" She gulped. "I-I love you,
Danny."

   "So-so," I said. "Try it again. More feeling this time."

   Her eyes blazed daggers, but she said it again. "I love you,
Danny."

   "That's better," I said. "Again. Good and sexy this time."

   "I love you, Danny."

   "You hate me," I said. "That's all right. Now I'm going to strip
you, Cindy, and while I do I want to hear all about how you got
your hands tied. Turn over."

   Cindy rolled over onto her back and I started unbuttoning her 
blouse. "Go on, tell me how you did it."

   "Must I?" Cindy said.

   "No," I said, undoing buttons. "No, Cindy. Not if you don't mind
having your beautiful white tits burned with cigarettes for a
while."

   "All right! I--I got Harry to do it."

   "Harry? That clown who sold you to me for Barbara that night?"

   "Yeah."

   "The guy who had all his pals jump on you and hold you down and
strip you naked so I could rape you?"

   "That's him. I-I at least thought since we did go together--"

   "Uh-huh. And what did you have to do for him?"

   "Fuck him, of course. Isn't that what all you guys want from a
girl?"

   I had the blouse open now and I was fondling Cindy's wonderful
high, firm round breasts. "That's it, all right. Lift your ass."
And I pulled her skirt down and off. And her panties.

   "God, Cindy, you have great legs," I said. "Look at those
thighs. Damn, I want to fuck you forever."

   "Look--"

   "Shut up, Cindy. I've got you now, don't you understand that?
Your ass is mine, and any damn time I want you, you'll come running
to go down for me. Isn't that right?"

   "No."

   "No? No, Cindy? Shall I call Tim again?"

   "Danny...I..."

   "What?"

   "Oh, god," Cindy said, and began to cry.

   She broke then. I could see her break. "Don't," she sobbed.
"I-I'll be good to you, Danny. I'll be good."

   "Okay," I said. "Now stop crying and spread your legs for me."

   She did.

   "Now say, Danny, please fuck my unworthy whore's body."

   "D-Danny, please...please fuck my--unworthy whore's body..."

   "All right," I said, and I lay on top of her and kissed her.
"Put me in."

   Cindy put my dick into her pussy.

   "Now," I said. "Now, you gorgeous piece of ass. I want you to
give me the hardest, wildest, most fantastic fuck you've ever given
anybody in your life. You got that, Cindy?"

   Cindy nodded slowly.

   "Go," I said, and Cindy wrapped herself around my body and
fucked for me like a starving nymphomaniac.

   "Oh, you sweet little blonde whore," I gasped as I rode her
body. "You are such a terrific fuck. And a dyke, too. Christ! Fuck
me, you shit-eating bitch. You dirty cunt-licking broad, keep it
up, do it, you don't want a charred tit, fuck away, Cindy darling."

   "You--you--" she panted.

   "No, Cindy. Come on, now. Tell me you love me again. Say it,
Cindy. Say it!"

   "I love you!" she howled, sobbing, but still moving, squirming
and twisting and bucking with all her might, to avoid the cigarette
on her breast. "I love you! I love you! Oh, you shit! No! I-I love
you, Danny! I love you. AAAIII! I love you!"


13:

    "Danny, I'd like to make a bargain with you," Cindy said.

   "Oh?"

   "Yes. I-I know I-I'm not in a bargaining position but--"

   "What is it?"

   "I'm just so--so--Danny, I can't take it any more. I--I'd like
you to--let me go."

    "Why should I?" I said.

   "You've had me and had me," Cindy said. "You've made me do it
all, and you've made me fuck all your friends and you've humiliated
me in school and--and everything. Aren't you a little tired of me
by now?"

   "I'll let you know," I said. But actually I was a bit jaded with
her, though her body would always turn me on. But I could use a new
thrill. "What are you saying, Cindy?" I said.

   "Okay. I--I have this cousin, okay? A very pretty and
sexy-looking girl."

   "Oh?"

   "Yes. And--and she's young--she's only a sophomore. And
Danny--honest to god--she likes--your kind of thing."

   "What the hell does that mean?" I said.

   "Oh, Danny, come on. You love to have all kinds of power with
girls. Right? You want to own them--like with Barbara."

   "And you," I said.

   "All right--and me. And you dig doing bad things to them. I
mean, shaming them and humiliating them and making them do dirty
things, and--and hurting them, too. That's what turns you on,
Danny. Isn't it?"

   "Don't forget making them crawl," I said.

   "Right. And making them fuck your pals, and god knows what."

   "All the things I've done to you, Cin."

   "Yes. But the thing is--Sharon digs it! I swear to you--she
likes that stuff, it gets to her, she wants it! Danny, Sharon is
made for you! I told her about you, and you know what? She got so
scared and so horny at the same time it was funny. She's dying to
know you, but she's scared of it too. You know? Oh, Danny, you'll
just love her!"

   "And you think you can introduce me to this chick and I'll let
you go," I said. "Right?"

   "I--yes," Cindy said.

   "I don't have to," I said. "I can have you both."

   "But you'll want Sharon more, I know it, Danny. And I--I
can't--"

   "Okay," I said. "If you don't want me any more, I'll auction you
off to somebody else."

   "What? No. Danny, wait--"

   "Tomorrow, Cindy. In the lunchroom. Noon sharp."

   "Danny--"

   "Now get down on your hands and knees, Cindy Rapp. I'm going to
give you a final ass fuck."

   "But--"

   "Down!"

   "AAAHHH!" Cindy went down in a heap, and swiftly crouched on all
fours. I dropped down behind her and I stuck my rampant cock up her
ass hard. I listened to her howl. I took hold of her dangling tits
and vised the nipples as I crushed them with my hands, making her
buck and squirm.

   "Ah, that's nice, Cindy. Really good," I said, fucking up into
her writhing anus. "A fine farewell fuck for my gorgeous sexy
blonde hump."

   Cindy was sobbing.

   "Now tomorrow, Cindy, I'm going to auction you off in the school
lunchroom. I'll strip you naked and put you up on a table, and
maybe just to arouse more interest I'll have you put on a little
exhibition of your skills. Won't that be a kick? I'll bet I'll make
a lot of dough with you, baby. And don't worry about missing
me--I'm going to make it a condition of your sale that your new
owner will let me borrow you occasionally, just for an old-time
fuck and suck and crawling session." I pounded into her ass until
she was screaming and gasping uncontrollably. "Then, after you've
found out who you'll belong to, you'll introduce me to your cousin
Sharon. And she'd better be good-looking, Cindy. Or I'll--"

   "Aaahhh! Oooohh! Yes! Yes, she is, Danny--Aaaahhh..."

   "What does she look like?" I said, squeezing her breasts tighter
to make her buck harder. "Describe the bitch."

   "AAIIIIEEEK! Don't--Danny--god--I-I--she's--ohh--she's young,
she--She's got long hair, long brown hair, and--unnnhh... And--big
brown eyes, and--and I--donnn't, aahhh--a good body, a truly nice
body, oh, sexy legs, Danny, and tits all firm and sort of bouncy
and--and you just want to hold them and--AAUUUGGGHHH!!"

   "Did you fuck her, you bitch?"

   "No. No, I--god, I'd love to--ooohhh--but--but she likes boys,
oh god, what she wants is a boy to master her. Please, Danny, it
hurts, it hurts--"

   "Good," I said.

   "She's for you, you bastard, she's just what you--AIIIIIOOOO..."

   "Say it one last time, Cindy."

   "I love you!" Cindy howled. "Noooo..." 


14:

    "That's her," Cindy said. "That's Sharon."

   "My god!" I said.

   "I told you. Come on."

   The girl was absolutely fantastic, and somehow she managed to
look innocent and virginal, but her body had sex coming from every
mouth-watering inch. Young and so luscious, I wanted to--

   "Sharon," Cindy said, "this is Danny. Danny, Sharon. Can I go
now?"

   "Goodbye, Cindy," I said.

   Sharon had big staring eyes that melted into me. She looked
frightened but fascinated.

   "Hi," I said.

   "Hi," Sharon said. "I--Cindy told me...about you."

   "I know," I said. "What did she say exactly?"

   Sharon's mouth trembled. Her round young tits went up and  down.
"She--she said you--you were her...boss. Her...master."

   "Right," I said. "Are you interested?"

   "Oh--oh, god. I--oh, I don't--I...Oh, yes. Oh good lord Jesus
Christ, yes. Show me. I--I want to--to be..."

   "How do I know?" I said. "How do I know you won't fink out?"

   "Try me," Sharon said. "I--I want to be your slave. Oh, Jesus,
I never did this--oh...god..."

   "I like to hurt girls," I said.

   I thought she was going to faint. "Ohh, Danny," she moaned. "I'm
yours."

   "Show me," I said.

   "How?"

   "Do something. Do something dirty. Right now."

   "Ohh...I...what? Tell me what, Danny, make me do it, anything,
anything you say, I'll do it, just tell me, Danny--"

   "Okay," I said. "Take your panties off."

   "What?"

   "Right now. Take them off and hand them to me."

   "Oh--I--right here? I--"

   "Do it," I said.

   Sharon looked around wildly. People--can see me," she gasped. We
were standing in the corridor, and classes were changing. Lots of
kids were going by.

   "Good," I said. "That's the idea. Will you do it or not?"

   Sharon was panting. "Ohh. Ohh, god, I--"

   "I'm waiting," I said. "But if you--"

   "I--I want to--but I--" She was on the brink of giving me her
life. But she was afraid to jump.

   "You dirty cunt," I said deliberately. "Give me those panties,
you whore, or I'll walk right out on you, you vacillating bitch!"

   "Aaahhh...oohhh...all right...I will..."

   Sharon closed her eyes. Her wonderful body was shaking. Her
hands went down to her skirt and she pulled it up slowly until she
could slip her hands beneath it, which raised it still higher on
her thighs.

   "Open your eyes, Sharon," I said. "I want you to look at me
while you do it."

   Reluctantly, she opened her eyes. Looking at me, she could also
see the crowd of kids who had stopped to stare at us, and to look
at her bare and very sexy legs. A soft moan came from Sharon's
throat, a moan of awful shame, but also of helpless arousal.
Christ, I thought, Cindy wasn't kidding a bit. This girl was
showing me a fascinating mixture of shrinking horror at what she
was doing, and pure excitement and lust at submitting to my
commands. My cock was hard as a brick.

   Sharon exposed the rising curvature at the tops of her thighs as
she grasped the waist of her panties and, catching her breath
sharply, pulled them down. I heard gasps and exclamations from our
growing audience. Sharon's face was flaming as she struggled to
pull the pants off over her shoes. Her mouth was open and panting
hard. Her mouth-watering, thrusting tits heaved up and down against
the fabric of her blouse. I held out my hand, and forcing herself
to look me straight in the eye, with a flaming face and a shaking
hand, Sharon put the panties into it.

   "You are mine now," I said to her softly.

   She swallowed. "Yes," she whispered. "Yes, Danny. I am yours."

   "Don't move, Sharon," I said, and in front of all the watching
crowd, I put out my other hand and placed it firmly over one
hard-nippled, blouse-covered breast. And held it there. Until
Sharon was shaking so badly I was afraid she would fall down.

   And I led her away.

   "Now that you are my slave," I told her later, "you must not
wear panties any more. Nor bras, nor stockings, nor any
underclothes. Not ever. Is that clear, Sharon?"

   "Yes, Danny," Sharon said.

   "Now tomorrow, you will wear something very sexy to school. A
tight top. Understand? Very tight. And no bra. And a short skirt.
A miniskirt."

   "I--you want to shame me, don't you?" Sharon said, her eyes wide
and glittering.

   "Yes," I said. "And show you off as my property and my sexy
slave."

   "Ohhh god," Sharon moaned. "Will you--will you hurt me, Danny?"

   "Probably," I said. "That body is just crying out to be made to
writhe and twist with pain."

   "Ohh...ohh..."

   "I'll make you crawl for me," I said, watching her. "Crawl  and
squirm and beg."

   "Yes."

   "And you'll scream for me, too, Sharon. And you'll suck my cock
and lick my ass and..."

   "Yes! Yes! Oh, do it all, do it to me, yes!"


15:

    "Sharon," I said, "I want to take you home and fuck you now."

   "You'll have to make me," Sharon said.

   "What?"

   "I--I can't do it unless--unless you make me," Sharon said in a
small voice. "Can you, Danny?"

   "Why, you dumb little slut," I said. "I'm your master now, I own
you. Don't I, Sharon?"

   "Yes, Danny."

   "So if I tell you I want to fuck you, you lay down and spread
for me. Don't you?"

   "No," Sharon said, gasping it.

   I could see she was frightened at what she was doing, but she
wanted to see how far she could go without being hurt. Except that
I saw something more in her wide yes and her tremulous lips--she
wanted to be hurt. I reached for her hand, and quite deliberately
and slowly I bent two fingers back. Far back. Sharon melted. She
squirmed with the pressure, and started to pant. As I continued to
push, a small whining sound came from her throat. I still kept it
up, until she bowed her body under the pain, and slipped off her
chair to sink to the floor on her knees.

   "Now, slave," I said. "Say, I will gladly fuck for you, Danny."

   "I will!" Sharon gasped. "Oh, I will, yes I will, ohh god--"

   "Bitch," I said. "You just want to be punished, don't you?"

   "Yes," Sharon said. "I-I've never--nobody's ever--"

   "Wait a minute. Nobody's ever what? Hurt you?"

   "Or--or anything," Sharon whispered. "Nobody--ever made me--
nobody ever could--"

   "Holy shit!" I said. "You--you're not telling me--you're a
virgin?"

   Gulping, Sharon nodded.

   "Son of a bitch!" I said.

   "Do you mind?" Sharon said anxiously.

   "Mind? Well--no. Christ, no. It's just--a girl like you--"

   "I always wanted to," Sharon said, blushing. "But I-I couldn't
do it without--without being--"

   "Forced," I said.

   "Yes. And nobody ever--"

   "God," I said.

   "Do it for me, Danny," Sharon said. "Force me. Take me. Make me
fuck for you. Hurt me till I do it--"

   Sharon was still on her knees. I liked it that way. "Sharon," I
said. "Did Cindy ever tell you how I first had her?"

   "I--no," Sharon said. "How?"

   I thought she was lying just to hear me tell it again. I didn't
mind. "I made a trade with her old boyfriend," I said. "I gave him
my sister Barbara to fuck in exchange for sexy Cindy. Only Cindy
didn't want to go along, so a whole crowd of guys jumped her and
spread her out on the floor and four of them held her down and
pinned her arms and legs and they stripped her buck naked and held
her while I took her. Cindy was struggling and fighting like
anything, but I dug the hell out of it. I raped her and raped her.
And the other guys did it to Barbara. And then all of us fucked the
two of them all night long. Over and over. What a night that was!"

   Sharon was panting. Her body was swaying slightly. "Ohh god,"
she breathed. "Oh, god, Danny. Will--will you do that to me?"

   "Maybe," I said. "Not right away. I want you all for myself the
first time anyway. We'll have lots of chances to pass you around.
Would you like that?"

   "Ooohhh...I--oh my lord...Wh-what else will you do to me?"

   "Sharon," I said. "You're making my cock stand up. I can't wait
to get you home and watch you take all your clothes off and put my
hands all over that scrumptious body. Crawl for me, Sharon. Go on.
Right now, right here. With your clothes on. Crawl around the
floor."

   Sharon looked fearfully at the door. Anyone could come in any
time. But she got on her hands and knees and crawled. I watched
that young, sinfully nubile body crawling degradingly for my
pleasure, and I almost came in my pants.

   "Danny," Sharon panted. "Tell me how you'll hurt me. Please,
Danny. Will you...will you whip me?"

   "Of course," I said. "I'll whip your soft, smooth body from top
to bottom. And laugh at your screams."

   "Aaaahhh!" Sharon moaned. She crawled toward my chair.
"Danny...Cindy said you...you burned her...with cigarettes!"

   "That's right."

   "Oh god, Danny! Ohh my god! On--on her--on her breasts--
her--her nipples--"

   "Right. And other places too. High on her thighs was nice. She
always--"

   "Oh, Danny, Christ! I can't--will you do it to me? Oh god, I--I
want--I'm so--Will you? Oh, I can't stand it! On--on my breasts!?!"

   "Okay," I said. "If you fuck nice for me."

   "Take me home, Danny. Do it now. I want you to make me fuck
you." 


16:

    "I want to buy something," Sharon said. "Can we stop?"

   "Ask my permission, slave," I said.

   "I'm sorry," Sharon said. "Please, master, may I stop and buy
something? Please?"

   "All right."

   I waited in the car. I couldn't believe I had just met this girl
that morning, that she was a virgin, and that I was about to fuck
her fantastic body. And most of all, that she was the submissive,
pain-loving, force-worshipping girl that she was.

   By the time we got to my house my cock felt as big as a baseball
bat. "Sharon," I said. "Strip. Strip for me, you gorgeous little
sex baby, and show me that fine young body. Because I'm going to
fuck you to kingdom come."L

   Sharon swallowed. "Danny," she said. "Look what I bought for
you."

   And she pulled out a pack of cigarettes.

   And a book of matches.

   She held them out to me. Her hand was shaking and her breath was
suddenly fast.

   My head was spinning. "Christ," I said. "What's that for?"

   "What--what do you think?" Sharon said, but her voice was not
steady. "I don't smoke, Danny."

   "You want me to use them on you," I said. "On your tits."

   Sharon groaned. "Oh, I--Oh, Danny--yes. Yes! Burn me--like you
did to Cindy. Oh, god--I want to--Oh, do it, please, Danny. Hurt me
and make me fuck you. Make me!"

   "Look," I said. "One thing at a time, okay? I'd love to burn
you, Sharon, god knows. But--let's fuck first. I want you damn
luscious body. Now strip or I'll rip that stuff off of you."

   "But I want you to--I can't do it if you don't--"

   I took the cigarettes from her. "Not now, Sharon."

   Sharon took a long shuddering breath. And her hands went to her
blouse buttons. "Look, Danny," she whispered, unbuttoning the top
button. "Look." She opened more buttons, slowly, hands trembling.
And finally she pulled the blouse apart. She wasn't wearing
anything under it.

   "Look at them," Sharon said. I did. Her breasts were fabulous.
High and round and firm, young and slightly swaying. Hard, hard
pink nipples thrusting outward. I stared at them.

   "They're yours, Danny," Sharon said. "You can do anything you
want to them. Please hurt them, Danny. Please burn them. Burn them
and I'll fuck you, I'll fuck you and fuck you, please, Danny,
please..."

   "God!" I said. "My god!" Then I said, "Take that skirt off."

   "Yes, Danny." And she opened the skirt and it fell to the floor.
Her panties were still in my pocket. She was naked. Naked and
breathtaking.

   "Christ," I said.

   "It's all for you, Danny. Make me give it to you. Hurt me. 
Now..."

   "All right," I said, panting. "All right, you bitch. I'll hurt
you, all right. Get on that bed."

   Sharon moved to my bed and lay down on her back. Those tits just
stood up in the air like two big balls with pink nipples. But they
heaved up and down with Sharon's rapid breathing. I took out a
cigarette from the pack and put it in my mouth, watching Sharon's
wide, staring eyes. I struck a match and lit it. Sharon licked her
lips. My mouth was dry too.

   I said, "Put your arms above your head. Stretch out."

   Sharon reached her arms up toward the top of the bed, and
grasped the bed rail running along the head. It pulled her body
taut and brought her breasts up to stick out even more from her
body.

   "Stay that way," I said. "Don't let go. You look fantastically
sexy." I took a drag on the cigarette and the tip glowed. Sharon's
body trembled, making her upthrust tits quiver. She bit at her lip,
and I saw a trickle of perspiration down her side.

   "You're scared," I said. "You're frightened to death, aren't
you, you slut?"

   "Y-yes," she panted. "Yes. But do it, Danny. Do it!"

   I sat down on the bed. "Try not to scream too loud," I said.

   "All right," Sharon said. "I won't scream."

   "Yes, you will," I said.

   "Ohh...ohh...I-I'll try to hold it in," Sharon said.

   "I'm going to burn you now," I said. "Don't close your eyes,
Sharon. Watch me while I burn you."

   "Yes, Danny," she gasped.

   I brought the glowing cigarette down close to her skin. She
hissed sharply.

   "Hot, isn't it?" I said. "Stay still now, Sharon." And I touched
the cigarette to her breast. Just lightly, and then again. And I
let it linger just a bit. Sharon' s whole body went tight. A
whining sound came from her throat. I kissed her skin again with
the red tip. I slid it over the soft under part of her tit.
Sharon's body arched up off the bed, straining in every fiber,
quivering tautly with pain. She clamped her teeth together, but she
couldn't stop the stangled animalistic sounds of agony from her
constricted throat.  "UUNNNNGGGHHHH! UGHHKGHHHHHGHGH! OWWWGGGHHH!
AAUUGGGHHHHH!" Horrible gurgling, choking noises from her clenched
mouth as her body shook and twisted and flailed, her hands holding
with a death grip to the bed rail.

   And then I slowly, very slowly, ground the cigarette out on her
nipple.

 
17:

       "Don't move," I said, and I stood up and took my clothes off
  quickly, looking down at that taut, writhing, delicious, spasming,
  pain-filled body. I had put off burning the other breast, but the one
  I had used the cigarette on was spotted with angry-looking burn marks.
  It only made that high, straining mound look sexier than ever. Sharon
  was sobbing and moaning, gasping for breath between sobs and twisting
  erotically on the bed, but she didn't let go of the top rail. My cock
  stuck up and out like a club.
       Slowly, naked now, I got out another cigarette and lit it.
  Sharon's tear-filled eyes got wide and darted about like an animal's.
       "What's wrong, Sharon?" I said. "Had enough? Hurts, doesn't it?
  Want me to stop?"
       Sharon gulped and closed her eyes. "Anything you want, Danny,"
  she gasped.
       My prick jumped.
       "Eyes open," I said, sitting down again. Sharon obeyed, and I
  grinned into her eyes as I slowly, tortuously brought the fiery tip
  down toward her untouched and writhing tit. I started with the nipple
  this time, and then worked outward around it, planting hot little
  kisses with the torturing cigarette all around the soft white skin.
       Again Sharon's body stiffened, arched tautly off the bed,
  twisting and bucking and jerking and squirming, making her breasts
  bounce and roll on her chest. Again she tried to hold back her scream,
  but not as successfully this time. I watched her avidly as I kissed
  her flesh with the glowing tip again and again, watched her straining
  arms and flailing body and taut, quivering thighs and calves. And her
  twisting, beautiful, agony-suffused face.
       "AAAUUUUGGHHH!" she howled. "AUUUURRGH! OOOOOOHHH!
  UUUNNNNNGGGGGHH! AAAIIII! AAAIIIEEEE! UNNNHH. UNNHUNNUNNHH! ARRRK! OH
  JESUS OH JESUS AAAAAAAAAA!"
       "God," I panted. "God, you're gorgeous!" And I continued what I
  was doing.
       "ARRRRGGH! OH NNNAAAA, OHOHOHOHOHOHAUHAUHAUHUNNNHHH! UNHUH.
  UNHUH. UNHUHH. NOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEGGGHHHH!"
       I finished by grinding the thing out on her nipple again. And
  then I sat back and watched as she sobbed and sobbed and gasped and
  moaned as she absorbed the unbearable pain.
       "Now," I said finally. "Now, Sharon. Now, you cock-teasing,
  fucked-up cunt. Now you'll fuck for me, won't you, you whore?"
       "AAHHH. Y-YES, UNNHH, YES, OH GOD YES, OH GOD YES, FUCK ME, GOD
  FUCK ME, NOW, FUCK MEEE NOOOOWWWW!"
       I put a hand on one scorched tit and clutched it. "AAAUUOUHHHH!"
  Sharon cried, twisting hard.
       "Open those legs, Sharon," I said. And Sharon slowly spread her
  lovely, curving, scrumptious, trembling legs apart for me.
       I lay on top of that fabulous squirming body and thrilled to the
  quivering softness of her flesh, the smooth yielding mystery of her
  thighs as I positioned myself at her cunt. I lay down flat, mashing
  her tortured tits against my chest, making her cry out again. "Kiss
  me, Sharon," I said, and I jammed my mouth down on hers, kissing her
  twisting lips and glorying in the muffled cries and sobs and howls she
  emitted into my mouth.
       I raised my head to look straight into Sharon's eyes, and then I
  lunged at her, ripping away her virginity with one mighty thrust.
  Sharon made a horrible squawking noise like a dying swan, and then
  hissed loudly and jerked her body away as much as she could as I
  rammed up all the way into her tight, clutching, wriggling cunt.
       "No, Sharon," I said into her face. "You can't get away. I'm
  fucking you now. You're not a virgin any more, Sharon. I'm inside you
  and I'm fucking you. Fucking you. Fucking you."
       "Ohh!" Sharon cried. "Oh god! Oh Danny! Ohh...ohh...ohhh!"
       "You filthy bitch, you love it, you slut."
       "Yesssssss!" Sharon gasped loudly. "Oh, yes! Danny! Do it! Hurt
  me! Kill me!"
       "You sweet, luscious, pain-loving piece of ass," I said. "Fuck me
  back, Sharon. Come on. Fuck me back."
       "Ohh yes!"
       "Wrap your sexy legs around me and fuck me good!" I said.
       "Danny--" Sharon's body was moving now, moving with me and
  against me, her hips rising and falling and bucking. Her thighs
  brushed my waist. She squirmed and tossed and wiggled, and I banged my
  chest against her aching tits to make her buck harder still. It
  galvanized her body and she curled all of herself around me and fucked
  like a demon, yelling and sobbing and digging her nails into my back.
       "Hurt me!" she yowled.
       "I will," I promised, getting ready to shoot my gism into her. "I
  will, Sharon. For the rest of your life."
       "Ohh," Sharon wailed. "Ohh, yes...ohh I'm--ohh god
  I'm--I--I'm--ohh--Aaahh...AAAIIIIEEE..."


18:

       I was amusing myself by pinching Sahron's burn-blistered nipples
  and watching and listening to her reacting to the pain. She loved it
  and hated it, wanted it to stop and hoped it would go on, begged me to
  show some mercy and babbled that she wanted me to keep her in pain
  forever.
       "God," I said. "You sweet writhing howling cunt. Tell me what you
  are, Sharon." And I took a burn-covered breast in my mouth and bit
  into it.
       Sharon screamed and told me what she was. She said she was a
  whore, and a slut, and a cunt, and an asshole, and a dirty bitch and a
  filthy cunt.
       "Go on," I said, and she said she was a piece of ass and a piece
  of shit and a worthless fuck.
       "And a slave," I said.
       Yes, Sharon said, oh god yes, she was a slave, my slave, my
  worthless crawling grovelling whore of a slave, and--and--
       "And an ass-licker," I said. "And a piss-lapper. And what else,
  Sharon?"
       "Ohh--Ohh Jesus god, Danny, ohh Christ--"
       "A cocksucker."
       "Ooohh."
       "Say it, Sharon."
       "I-I'm a cocksucker--" Sharon gasped.
       I raised a hand to her mouth then, and rubbed it over her soft
  lips. "Oh, yeah," I said. "That is right, baby. I'll bet you'll make
  the finest cocksucker that ever was. That gorgeous mouth is going to
  bring me off so hard I'm gonna shoot holes in your throat." I stuck
  two fingers into her mouth and stroked her tongue. "I want it now," I
  said. "I want your sweet little mouth on me, Sharon. I want you to
  suck my cock."
       "I--I don't--" Sharon said. "I never--"
       "You will now," I said, and I sat at the side of the bed. "Get
  down on the floor," I said. "Down on your knees, slut, where you
  belong. Now."
       Sharon slid off the bed and knelt submissively on the floor. Her
  body was shaking. My prick was standing up, hard and throbbing.
       "Take it, Sharon," I said. "Take that big cock into your
  beautiful mouth."
       Sharon drew in a long breath and swallowed. Then she bowed her
  head and opened her lips and took the tip of my dick between them.
  Tentatively at first, but the sensation of those soft, warm, quivering
  lips on my aching cock made me gasp.
       "More," I commanded.
       Sharon was panting through her nostrils as she slid her mouth
  further down.
       "Go on," I said. "Take it all, you crawling tramp. Take it all!"
       Sharon made a whimpering sound around my cock and slid her mouth
  still further over it. I felt the back of her palate and I knew she
  couldn't take any more without gagging. But I wanted her to gag.
       "Swallow it, you bitch!"  I said. "Take it down your throat. I
  want it all inside your mouth!"
       Sharon tried, but gagged and gagged. Her head twisted with the
  effort to take the thing further in. It felt fantastic.
       "Damn you, you disobedient whore!" I said. "I'll show you how,
  you cock-teasing twat." And I grabbed a handful of her soft brown hair
  in both hands, and clutching it tightly I jammed my cock hard into her
  mouth, pulling her head down over it until her lips were jammed
  against my belly. Sharon choked and shrieked around the cock and
  struggled wildly against my grip, but I held her there. She gagged and
  choked and fought to breathe through her nostrils.. The contortions of
  her tight throat around my cock almost had me coming right then. I
  held on, ignoring her strangling sounds, until at last she was able to
  accomodate herself a bit and managed to hold me in her throat without
  gagging, though she still panted hard and jerked around and swallowed
  convulsively.
       "That's a good little cocksucker," I said. "You're learning,
  Sharon. Now use your tongue on it. Lick it. Lick it nice now." And in
  a moment I felt the touch of Sharon's trembling tongue on my throbbing
  flesh. She licked me until I was ready for the next step.
       "All right, Sharon," I said, letting go of her hair. "Now suck.
  Suck me like a good docile slave cocksucker. Slowly, Sharon. Slow and
  sexy. Go on."
       And with quivering lips and tentative tongue and wonderful soft
  young mouth, Sharon began to suck my cock. Slowly. Up and down bobbed
  her brown head, up and down. Up. And down. Panting. And sobbing. And
  shaking. And loving every shameful, degraded, debased, painful,
  humiliating minute of it.
       "That's right, Sharon baby," I crooned. "That's my gorgeous
  little cocksucker. You're a natural, Sharon. You learn fast. Pretty
  soon you'll be ready to do that for all the boys at school. You'd like
  that, wouldn't you, Sharon? On your knees naked in front of the whole
  school, all of them lined up to take their turn in your marvellous
  mouth. And you could suck cock all day long." Sharon was moaning and
  squirming and sucking harder. "I'm going to come now, baby. Come right
  in your mouth, Sharon, and I want to watch you swallowing my come, all
  of it, every drop. Now. Now, Sharon...NOW!"


19:

       When Sharon showed up at school the following day in her tight,
  tight sweater and short skirt which I had told her to wear, she was
  the focus of attention for more reasons than one. The story of what
  she had done in the hall had spread rapidly around school; and many
  kids who had known about my relationship with Barbara put two and two
  together, and stared at sexy Sharon with their tongues hanging out.
  Sharon walked around with a red face all day. But she had no way to
  stop the bouncing and jiggling and swaying of her thrusting breasts,
  or to make them less obvious as the sweater clung to the round curves
  like paint, and the nipples poked the material out in two perfectly
  outlined, delicious little bumps. Nor could she do anything to cover
  her bare thighs, exposed far higher than usual, and almost revealed up
  to her pussy when she sat down.
       At lunch, about a hundred guys tried to sit down at our table,
  but it only sat six aside from us. They all ogled Sharon madly.
       "What these guys really want for lunch is you," I said. "Right,
  boys?"
       Sharon was blushing furiously, squirming under their avid gazes.
       "Which one of these clowns do you want to fuck?" I said.
       Suddenly there was absolute silence.
       Sharon swallowed. "I--Danny, I--"
       "You're going to fuck somebody, Sharon, just to show what a
  willing slave you are," I said. "So choose, or I'll do it for you."
       "Ohh--" Sharon moaned.
       "Okay," I said. "I have an idea. Listen to me, Sharon. I want you
  to tell me who you think--the truth now--who you think is the ugliest,
  most unattractive, most disgusting-looking boy in this whole school."
       Sharon's eyes widened.
       "That's right, bitch. Because that's the one you're going to lay
  for today."
       "Oh, god--" Sharon gasped. "Danny--"
       "Shut up," I said. "Now, I want the truth, Sharon. The absolute,
  positive truth. I'll know if you're lying to me. Won't I, slave?"
       Sharon gulped and nodded.
       "All right. Come on, now. Who is it?"
       Sharon licked her dry lips. "I--Danny, please--I-I'll--"
       "Who, Sharon? Tell me right now, you filthy slut, or I'll strip
  you naked and lay you out on this table and make you screw every guy
  in this room. Come on. Who is it?"
       Sharon's eyes filled with tears. "I-it's--G-Gus M-Miranda," she
  said chokingly. And she shuddered.
       There was a loud guffaw from the watching guys. "Damn," one said,
  "she's telling you the truth all right! Gus is so horrible-looking
  nobody will go near him. Even his mother, I'll bet!"
       "Okay," I said. "That's a good girl, Sharon. Now I want you to go
  find old Gus and bring him to me. Then you can tell him the good
  news."
       Sharon shook her head instinctively. "Oh, no, oh, no, Danny
  --please. Not him. Please, no--I can't. Not with him, please--"
       "Sharon," I said.
       "Please--" she whimpered.
       "Sharon. I want you to show all these fellows what a degraded
  whore you are. Do you understand, slut?"
       "Yes--" Sharon said softly.
       "Now are you my slave or not? Now look out, Sharon. Because if
  you say yes, you are never to object to my orders again. No matter
  what. You'll crawl naked through the mud to lick my shit if I say so.
  Is that clear?"
       Sharon caught her breath. "Ohh. Ohh god, I--yes, Danny."
       "Now. Say it, Sharon. Loud and clear, before witnesses. What are
  you?"
       And Sharon took a long, shuddering breath and said in a soft but
  clear voice, "I--I am your slave, Danny. I am. I will do what you say.
  Anything you say. I will crawl through the mud naked to lick your
  shit. I am your degraded, crawling slut slave. I'm sorry I argued with
  you. My desires mean nothing. Command me to sacrifice my body to
  anyone you wish. My body is yours to command. My whole being is yours
  to control. I love you."
       Sharon was panting as she said this. The guys were goggling. My
  cock was stiff as anything. I said, "Good. Now go find Gus and bring
  him back like a good little doggy."
       Sharon went.
       "Holy fucking shit!" Barney Smith said. "Can I have her next,
  Danny? I'll give you anything you want!"
       "Hey, does that broad have anything on under those things?"
  another guy said.
       "You'll find out," I said.
       Sharon finally came back with old Gus, who was indeed a really
  disgusting specimen, fat and kind of scrunched up and pimply, with
  awful, green-looking teeth and ratty hair and an ugly smirk and foul
  breath on top of it.
       "What the hell you want?" he said.
       "Okay, Sharon," I said. "Tell him."
       "I--" Sharon looked at me wildly, looked at the watching guys,
  looked at the floor, bit her lip. "Right here?" she moaned. "In front
  of--"
       "Now!" I said.
       "I--ohh, I--ohh god." Sharon's voice was shaking. "G-Gus...
  I...You--" I waited patiently, enjoying her difficulty. Gus watched
  her high, heaving tits. "I-I'm going to--ohh--I'm going to fuck you,"
  Sharon blurted.
       Gus stared at her.
       "Don't you want to fuck Sharon, Gus?" I said.
       Gus couldn't talk. But he nodded like a madman.
       "Sharon, tell Gus--and all the guys--what you're wearing under
  your skirt."
       And Sharon whispered, "Nothing."
       And I told her to show them...


20:

     Mr. Boggs found out about Sharon after the day she spent in the men's room.
     I took her in there early in the morning and tied her in place, paying no attention to her begging and sobbing. "This place needs another urinal," I said. "And you're it for today, Sharon."
     Sharon still pleaded pitifully as I got her into position, but it only made my cock hard. I sat her down on the cold hard floor with her bare legs stretched in front of her, then pulled them apart and fastened each ankle so that her legs were spread tautly out toward the sides, allowing a man to step in close to her seated body. I bound her wrists together and pulled her arms up over her head, tying them to a hook on the wall. Then I took her long hair and pulled it up till the pain in her scalp made her hold her head erect, and I wound it around the same hook and fastened it tightly. Sharon couldn't move her body at all, and any head movement caused her pain.
     "You look beautiful, Sharon," I said. "Sitting there with all the other urinals. I think you'll get more use than any of them today, don't you?"
     "Danny--you can't--"
     "I can," I said. "Humiliating, isn't it? Think how disgusting it will be to have all the guys pissing into your mouth. Oh, I forgot. Any time a guy starts to take a piss, you open your mouth for him. You got that, Sharon? Open up like a good little piss pot and take his piss in your gorgeous mouth. And swallow it, of course. All of it. Okay, Sharon?"
     "Oh, no, Danny, no, please don't, don't make me do this, Jesus, no--"
     "Oh, cut it out," I said. "You'll be so hot from being pissed on all day long that you'll be the wildest fuck of all time. A little slimy, no doubt, but--"
     "Oh, you rat," Sharon said. "Oh god, you're dirty, Danny."\par
     "And you eat it up," I said. "Speaking of which--" I looked at that taut, trussed up body on the hard floor, those spread-out curvy legs, the pulled-up arms, the strained face. I came close to her and dug out my prick and pushed it at her quivering lips. "Suck this, Sharon," I said. "Give me a good fast blow job just to start things off."
     And, moaning, Sharon took my cock in her mouth and did what I said. She whimpered a lot, because each bob of her head hurt her scalp, so she sucked with her lips and used her tongue a lot, and soon had me coming in hard bursts down her gulping throat.\par
     "Okay," I said, zipping up. "Have fun, now."
     Word soon got around about our new urinal, and every guy in school used that bathroom at least once that day, and most guys several times. Most of them just pissed in her mouth, but others would miss it deliberately and chortle as their piss splashed over her face and got into her eyes and up her nose and wet her hair, and dripped onto her tightly bound body. Some guys pissed right on her body, hitting her tits mostly. In an hour or two she was soaked through, and her bra-less breasts showed right through the sopping wet blouse she wore as if they were naked, the nipples hard with shame, the aureoles clearly visible. Her skirt was not as diaphanous, but it too was plastered against her crotch and her upper thighs. Sharon was soaked and running with piss, dripping with it, and she must have swallowed a couple of gallons of it.
     In the afternoon I untied her and told her to go to her regular classes. Just as she was. Without washing or drying off or changing. Sick with piss and humiliation, dripping and stinking and with almost everything she had showing clearly through her clothes, Sharon walked the corridors and sat in the classroom. She thought she was going to die.
     But that night, as I had said, she fucked like a wild woman, tossing and bouncing and howling and bucking under me, coming again and again and again as though she might go on forever.
     And next day Mr. Boggs called me to his office. So I had to let him borrow Sharon for an hour or so. After Barbara, he was not so easily shocked, and he was ready. All he did when Sharon walked in was to grab her by the nipples and pull her to him and kiss her hard, pinching those nips to make her cry out against his mouth. Then she was lying back across his desk with her skirt up above her hips and he was inside her, fucking at her writhing body, his hands covering her tits, working at them as he thrust in and out.
     "Sweet little schoolgirl," Boggs panted as he fucked. "Gorgeous young thing, drinking all that piss, my god, I'd like to have watched that, damn, you lovely young cunt, all wet with piss and your hard round breasts showing right through and your hair holding your pretty head up and you drinking all that piss and crying and squirming and oh god it's fine, oh it's so fine, wiggle for me, you sexy young thing, oh your tits are so firm and soft and your damn thighs and your cunt I'm coming in your cunt I'm hosing you you bitch TAKE IT..."
  

21:

       I had put off auctioning Cindy off at school, though all the guys
  were begging me to do it. I liked having Cindy walk around with all
  the fellows knowing I was going to put her up for auction, and with
  Cindy knowing she would go to one of them as soon as I got around to
  it. So I was in no hurry, and I wanted some fun and games with both
  Cindy and her gorgeous gift to me, wonderfully submissive Sharon.
  Cindy cursed and fought what she thought was a betrayal of our
  bargain, but all I had to do was mention Tim, and Cindy would
  capitulate, shaking and cursing some more.
       But now I had that luscious blonde body lashed to my bed and
  tossing her head wildly back and forth as she pleaded frantically with
  me to take the burning cigarette out of her cunt.
       First I had made her strip naked and spread her body for me. I
  took hold of her ankles and dragged her body down toward the foot of
  the bed, hauling her legs over the foot rail, until her curving hips
  lay over the rail, her sexy legs hanging off the end. I pulled the
  legs down and apart and bound each ankle to a leg of the bed. Cindy's
  lower body lay on a slant, her hips canted up and resting painfully on
  the narrow foot rail, her exposed pussy almost thrusting outward,
  beautifully accessible. Cindy was already sobbing. I then pulled her
  arms above her head and tied her wrists together and stretched her
  body into a taut, straining arch before tying off the rope at the top
  of the bed. Cindy writhed and twisted mouth-wateringly, but I wasn't
  through. Lastly I tied a long rope around her waist and fastened it
  under the bed, so the motions of her lower body were still more
  limited. Her hips could move very little, and her thighs could only
  strain and quiver. Her breasts stood out and up, and I slapped them a
  few times to watch them bounce and roll. Cindy began to call me names,
  so I put out a couple of preliminary cigarettes on her tits and body.
       I had had Sharon watching all this time, watching and panting and
  wishing I was doing it to her, but afraid that I just might do exactly
  that. I watched Cindy's gasping and sobbing most avidly, and I
  clutched Sharon's high round breasts in my hands and told her to get
  naked. And she did.
       "Cindy wants your body," I said. "But you'll never get it, Cindy.
  Eat your heart out." And I showed off Sharon's body by grabbing her
  hair and pulling hard, making her arch her luscious young body toward
  the girl on the bed.
       "Now," I said. "Now, Cindy. The moment we've all been waiting
  for." And as Cindy watched with wild eyes, I lit another cigarette. I
  puffed it up to get it going good, and then I stuck the unlit end hard
  into Cindy's helpless cunt. I pushed it in until it stopped. The
  burning tip stuck out.
       "Now," I said. "Isn't that interesting? This thing should burn
  down nice and slow, Cindy, and you can wait as the burning part gets
  closer and closer, and finally--"
       Cindy went crazy. She tried to squirm and writhe and twist her
  hips, but while the sight of her straining, struggling body made my
  cock throb, she was unable to do anything to dislodge the burning
  cigarette. Cindy began to beg desperately. It was music to me. I
  listened and I watched the slowly, inexorably burning cigarette, and I
  told Sharon to get down on her knees and suck my straining prick. I
  made her suck it very softly and slowly, just caressing it sensuously
  with lips and tongue and mouth, so I could enjoy the stimulation
  without coming too quickly. Sharon did it so beautifully and slavishly
  that I almost came anyway.
       Cindy's face was twisted with fright and horror, her blonde head
  whipping from side to side, her bound body arching off the mattress as
  she gasped and moaned and begged me with all her might. "Oh god," she
  cried out. "Danny, no! No, please, Danny, no, take it out, please take
  it out, Danny, for god's sake don't burn me like that, oh Jesus Danny
  please, I'll do anything, anything you want, Danny, please take it
  out, don't let--Christ Jesus, don't let it--not there, not like this,
  oh please I beg you Danny, do anything to me, I'll be so good to you,
  please ohh ohh ohh noooo--"
       Cindy knew it was no use but she still went on, and I watched the
  glowing tip burn down, and I twisted with the joy of Sharon's lips on
  my cock, and then the cigarette reached Cindy's cunt and I almost came
  as she shrilled out the most hideous scream I had ever heard, and kept
  screaming and screaming and screaming and arching and bucking until I
  thought she might break the ropes. It went on and on and on and I let
  the cigarette burn itself into her pussy and burn itself out and Cindy
  was hoarse and babbling and Sharon sucked harder and I shoved her away
  and put my cock into Cindy's burned, pain-filled cunt and fucked and
  fucked and fucked and came.


22:

       "I don't want to," Sharon said, and I slapped her face hard back
  and forth. Then I squeezes her nipples through the blouse with all my
  might. Sharon howled and twisted and cried, but I kept on pinching,
  holding her up by her nipples so she couldn't sink to her knees.
  Sharon writhed and flung her head back, yelling and stamping, but her
  hips pushed in against mine, squirming wildly. I knew the pain was
  only arousing her, so I pushed her back, drew back my fist and punched
  her as hard as I could, right in the pit of her stomach.
       Sharon doubled over and fell to the floor, where she lay curled
  up, clutching her stomach and flailing her legs and spasming
  frantically as she tried desperately to suck in air. Her skirt bunched
  up over her thighs and her long hair curled over the floor. She began
  to pull in air with hard, rasping, retching gasps, the breath coming
  out in anguished sobs.
       "Roll over," I said.
       Sharon probably didn't hear me. I kicked her hard. "Roll over,
  whore!"
       Still gasping and retching, Sharon painfully turned onto her
  back. Her high round young breasts surged up and down. I put my foot
  on one and put my weight on it. "Now listen, you filthy bitch," I
  said. "Tim is a good pal of mine, you got that? It was Tim who first
  gave Barbara to me. It was Tim I sent Cindy to to get her all nice and
  docile, after I raped her. And if Tim wants you to pay him a little
  visit, you'll damn well do it." I stood harder on her breast. "You got
  that, Sharon? Now say, Yes, Danny. I will pay Tim a visit, and I will
  do anything he wants me to do. I will fuck for him and I will suck him
  off and I will take him up my ass and I will gladly let him whip me
  and burn my tits and do any damn thing he wants to my worthless
  whore's body. Say that to me, Sharon. Or else I'll drag you up by your
  hair and punch you again. And again. And as many times as it takes.
  I'm waiting, Sharon."
       Sharon was sobbing and shaking, and while she said what I had
  told her to, I took my shoe off and when she had finished I put my
  foot on her face. "Suck my toe," I said, and Sharon opened her mouth
  and I stuck my big toe inside and made her suck it like it was a cock.
       Then I got down and knelt on her, knelt crouching over her face
  with my knees on her stomach. Sharon squalled and twisted with pain. I
  unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock and thrust it at her mouth.
  "Suck!" I said, and Sharon took my cock in her mouth and I kept all my
  weight on my knees on her stomach and fucked her lovely face as she
  moaned and sobbed and gasped around my prick.
       "Suck it, Sharon," I said as I moved slowly back and forth. "Suck
  it, you goddam slut whore dirty fucking twat. Suck it and think about
  how you'll be hanging naked by your wrists while Tim whips your soft
  young body to ribbons and puts out his cigarettes all over your tits
  and thighs and in your cunt--"
       I knew this was probably turning Sharon on as much as it
  frightened her, but I was coming in her mouth and I pulled out and
  spurted all over her face.
       "Don't wipe it off," I said.
       And I got up and called Tim. I said, "She's here if you want
  her," and when he came and saw Sharon lying on the floor, panting and
  writhing, her skirt around her hips and come all over her face, Tim
  shook my hand.
       "What a doll," Tim said. "I want to see what her tits look like."
       "Show him, Sharon," I said, and Sharon opened her blouse without
  getting up. I told her to take her skirt off too, and she did.
       "Great tits," Tim said, and he took a little whip out of his
  pocket.
       Sharon screamed.
       "Hold her hands," Tim said, and I grabbed Sharon's wrists and
  pulled her arms high up above her head, making her breasts thrust
  boldly upward. I pinned her wrists down and held them tightly as her
  body started to buck and roll.
       Tim smiled and whipped her breasts. He whipped them very hard and
  with great precision, one at a time, his whip cracking like a pistol
  and cutting cruelly into her sensitive flesh and her nipples. Sharon
  twisted and howled and kicked, but to no avail, and my cock was hard
  again, and I bent forward and kissed Sharon's screaming, tortured
  mouth. I bit at her lips, and when Tim finally finished with her
  breasts and began whipping her thighs, I moved down and bit the
  tormented tits, bit the welted skin and the blistered nipples, bit and
  sucked and chewed at them while Sharon shrieked and shrieked as Tim
  flogged her curving, sexy, mouth-watering thighs.
       We fucked her, both of us, fucking and fucking in her cunt and
  ass and mouth, rolling her around for our pleasure, torturing her
  luscious young body.
       "If Cindy was here we could fuck two girls," I said. "And if
  Barbara was here we could fuck three. Three little maids from school.
  Pretty maids all in a row."
       "We will," Tim said. "We'll have all of them next time. Barbara
  and Cindy and Sharon. Fuck them all, hurt them all, make them all
  crawl and scream and suck and beg and strip and fuck and howl and cry
  and hurt..."


23:

       Tim was now a good pal, and I almost fell over when I knew that I
  could have any girl I wanted just by telling him and letting him do
  his thing with her.
       And then I realized this meant grown-up girls too. Anybody.
  Anybody at all. Even teachers! And my head spun as I thought of my
  history teacher. Miss Lisston. A scrumptious doll with a body that
  didn't quit. All the guys in class had constant hard-ons for her. And
  I knew she was cool and aloof, and I had to have her.
       Miss Lisston, god!
       So I told Tim.
       But first I tried to spare her that. After class I said to her,
  "Miss Lisston, I know a man who can make women do anything he wants,
  by hurting them and torturing them until they're so terrorized that
  they can't resist. He's a friend of mine, Miss Lisston, and I want
  you, so if you just do what I want I won't have to let him at you. How
  about it?"
       Miss Lisston slapped me and got all red. "You are despicable,"
  she said. "And I am going to report you to the principal."
       So of course Boggs had to call me in and confront me, but I had
  an ace in the hole.
       "I have another treat for you, Mr. Boggs."
       "Another one?" His eyes lit up.
       "Right. Just as good as Barbara and Sharon, and a dyke to boot.
  Interested?"
       "Damn right!" Boggs said.
       "I'll call Cindy," I said.
       "Cindy Rapp?" Boggs said.
       "Right."
       "My god! That sexy, bouncing blonde bitch? Christ! I want her!"
       And soon Cindy came in. Boggs was practically drooling.
       Cindy saw me and started to cry.
       Boggs loved it. He couldn't wait. He pulled out his dick and he
  sat back in his chair and told Cindy to sit across his lap and fuck
  him. I only had to light up a cigarette to get her to do it.
       Cindy sat on Boggs' lap and took his cock up into her cunt and
  cried as she moved up and down. Boggs told her to take her sweater off
  as she fucked him, and she did. Her skirt was rucked up over her
  thighs and her gorgeous round tits bounced in front of him as she
  moved up and down. And he twisted her nipples until Cindy yelled, and
  then he told me to use my belt on her bare back while she fucked him.
       So I whipped off my belt and laid it across that smooth white
  back and Cindy screamed. Boggs grabbed her yellow hair and pulled her
  face to his and jammed her mouth against his. He kept her there by her
  hair and kissed and kissed her as I continued to lash her back with
  the belt. Until Boggs came hard inside her jouncing cunt and groaned
  into her mouth.
       He dumped her onto the floor then and told her to clean up his
  cock with her lips and tongue, and as she did it, sobbing, he called
  her all his usual names.
       After that we had her take off her skirt and when she was naked
  we had her crawl and roll and dance for us and display her body to us
  until Boggs was hard again, and he fucked her gorgeous ass while I
  pissed in her mouth. Then Boggs pissed on her face and made her suck
  his cock again, and then as a last treat I gave him a cigarette and we
  both put our butts out on Cindy, one on each nipple.
       "Thanks," Boggs said. "And if you get to Miss Lisston, I want
  some of that too."
       "Right," I said.
       And I took Cindy out naked into the hall and made her get dressed
  out there. She dressed very quickly, but still drew a good crowd. I
  gave her to one of the guys for the night and went to history class.
       Miss Lisston looked kind of pale. At the end of the class she
  said, "Danny, please stay after class."
       When they all left, Miss Lisston closed the door. She stood
  facing it for a minute, then slowly turned and faced me. She
  swallowed. Then she said, "What...what do you want me to do?"
       I went to her and she backed away. "No, no, Miss Lisston," I
  said. "Don't go away. Stay right there, you sexy stuck-up little
  bitch."
       Miss Lisston gasped, but stayed where she was. I grinned at her,
  and slowly and deliberately I raised my hands and put them on her
  beautiful thrusting breasts. Miss Lisston's body tightened and she
  closed her eyes.
       "No," I said. "I want you to look at me, Miss Lisston. Look at me
  while I'm feeling you up."
       Miss Lisston reluctantly obeyed.
       "Yes," I said. "I'm rubbing your tits, Miss Lisston. Rubbing and
  stroking and mauling your luscious hard-nippled tits. And soon I'm
  going to see them naked."
       Miss Lisston bit her lip and whimpered. It made my cock jump.
  "Right, Miss Lisston. I'll see them naked and bare, and the rest of
  you, too. Your fantastic legs. I often think about them, Miss Lisston,
  and about what your fine thighs are like and about having them wrapped
  around me while I fuck the shit out of you."
       "Oh god," she moaned. "Ohh nooo..."
       "Oh yes, Miss Lisston," I said. "And your mouth. God, your
  wonderful soft sweet sexy mouth. I jerk off thinking about it sucking
  on my prick, my prick fucking your mouth and you sucking and licking
  and kissing and tonguing until I shoot it all down your throat."
       "You are a loathesome boy," Miss Lisston hissed.
       I clamped her tits hard.
       "Aaahhh!"
       "On your knees, Miss Lisston," I said, clamping harder. "Down on
  your stuck-up knees and grovel and suck my cock a while. Then you can
  strip for me, Miss Lisston, and spread your gorgeous legs and cry all
  you want as I fuck your magnificent body to death."


24:

       Miss Lisston had a lot of clothing on--underthings, slip,
  stockings, pantyhose, all kinds of stuff--but under it her body was
  still better tha I had thought it would be. I lounged against her desk
  and watched as, piece by piece, Miss Lisston took it all off. Crying
  and pleading with each garment. My cock was a rock. Not only did I
  force her to strip completely, and slowly, right in front of me; but I
  wouldn't allow her to turn away or to cover herself with her hands.
  And I made her look at me as she stripped down.
       And then Miss Lisston was naked, completely naked before me,
  shaking and sobbing and going crazy with the effort of keeping her
  hands down at her sides as my eyes slid slowly and deliberately up and
  down that luscious and quivering body. Barbara and Cindy and Sharon
  had been sexy young girls, but this was a sexy young woman. A body
  that was fully mature but still bouyant, soft, smooth and
  fantastically erotic. Her breasts thrust up and out, round, full
  globes, bouncy and high-set, with long red nipples. Her thighs curved
  alluringly, her calves rounded beautifully and tapered down
  classically to slim, gorgeous ankles.
       I stared and stared as Miss Lisston shook and sobbed. And then I
  put my hands on her. All over her. And my mouth too.
       And then I made her lie down on the floor. I had no other place
  to put her, but I didn't care. The floor was dirty as hell, but I made
  her lie down on her back and I told her to spread her legs. "Wide,
  Miss Lisston," I said. "Wider. Wider still."
       "Stop!" Miss Lisston sobbed. "Don't. What are you--I can't do
  this, oh god, no--"
       "Stay that way," I said, and I ripped off my clothes as I looked
  at Miss Lisston lying on the floor naked, her long mouth-watering legs
  straining to the limit, spread tautly, waiting for me, her brown hair
  spread over the dirty floor, her mouth moaning in shame and horror,
  her tits jerking and rolling with her sobs. I got down and lay on top
  of her and I told her to put my cock into her cunt.
       "No!" Miss Lisston cried.
       "All right," I said, "I'll put it into you myself, Miss Lisston.
  And after I finish with you I'll give you to Tim again. Is that what
  you want?"
       Crying harder, Miss Lisston reached down and took my prick and,
  with a terrible groan of degradation, brought it to the opening of her
  pussy.
       "That's a good little history teacher," I said, and thrust into
  her. Miss Lisston cried out sharply and her body bucked beneath me. I
  fucked her.
       "I'm fucking you, Miss Lisston," I said, looking into her wild
  eyes. "I'm fucking you. How do you like it?" And I thrust and thrust,
  and then I said, "All right, Miss Lisston, now for my favorite
  fantasy. I want you to curl your legs around me."
       "Ohh god..." she whimpered.
       "Do it, bitch," I commanded. "Wrap those wonderful curvy legs
  around my waist and lock your ankles behind my back so I can feel the
  whole length of your legs on my skin. And clutch those sexy thighs
  around me hard. Do it now, Miss Lisston."
       And sobbing, Miss Lisston put her legs up and curled them around
  me and locked her ankles.
       "God!" I said. "Fucking my stuck-up sexy history teacher, with
  her thighs clutching my waist and her tits against my chest. Now, Miss
  Lisston, I want you to fuck me back. I want you to squirm and twist
  and arch your hips and roll around, just like you were with your
  boyfriend. You got that, you sobbing slut of a fucker?" And I kept
  commanding her to do that until she did, and I lay on top of her with
  her legs wrapped around me and I gloried in the forced, unwilling
  movements of her body. Miss Lisston didn't stop sobbing and crying and
  begging, but she twisted and arched and rolled and bucked and wriggled
  and squirmed and jerked, and finally I came, spurting it all up her
  cunt.
       Miss Lisston begged and pleaded some more when I told her I
  wasn't finished with her. But I told her how Tim would love to go at
  her again, and that was enough to make her do anything I said. So I
  made her suck my cock slowly until I was hard again, and I made her
  sit on top of me and fuck me, with her breasts jouncing up and down
  and her thigh muscles working, and then I came on her face and she
  almost went nuts when I wouldn't allow her to wipe it off.
       I told her to come to school tomorrow with nothing on under her
  dress, and she sobbed and said she couldn't, and I said if she didn't
  I'd make her take it all off right in class in front of all the kids.
       By now school was out and most people were gone, but I thought
  Boggs might still be in his office, so I decided to show Miss Lisston
  off to him.
       "I'm going to take you for a walk, Miss Lisston," I said. I took
  off my belt and looped it around her neck and made a leash. "Down on
  your hands and knees," I said. "And crawl like my little doggie."
       "No! Oh please NO!"
       "Down!" I pulled her to her knees and held the end of my leash
  and opened the door. And I led Miss Lisston, still naked, with the
  belt around her neck, out into the hall, and I walked through the
  halls with Miss Lisston crawling beside me, crawling naked, sobbing,
  retching, all the way to Boggs' office.
       What a time Boggs and I had!


25:

       Barbara was back for vacation, and it was fantastic to see the
  fright in her eyes as she looked at me.
       "Two weeks, sis," I said. "What a marvellous time you and I will
  have, won't we?"
       I saw Barbara gulp and my cock spasmed. God, I loved her fright
  and nervousness about what I was going to do to her, and what I was
  going to make her do.
       The minute she had got home I had brought her to my room and told
  her to strip naked.
       "God," I said, "I hadn't seen that body in so long I had almost
  forgotten how delicious you are, sis."
       "Danny--" Barbara said. "Please don't--I mean--I--you know I'll
  do what you want, Danny, and I'll be truly good to you, so please--you
  don't--you won't--"
       "Now, sis," I said. "You know your worrying makes it all the
  better for me."
       "Danny--don't hurt me."
       "You know, Barb, your legs are really terrific," I said. "I love
  to look at them. I don't want you to cover them up while you're here.
  Okay? I want those gams on view all the time. So all the while you're
  back I want you to wear only shorts. Or very, very short miniskirts.
  And no stockings. I want bare legs, bare thighs, at all times. You got
  it?"
       "Y-yes, Danny," Barbara said.
       "Good. And of course, no bra. Let your tits bounce around, it's
  good for my cock. And no panties, as you know. So your pussy is always
  available to me when I want it. Right?"
       "Y-yes, Danny."
       "And your wonderful mouth, too," I said. "Come here and kiss me,
  sis. Kiss me good."
       And Barbara brought her bare body over and lay it against me and
  kissed me hard, using her tongue and lips and body. I pulled at her
  hair as she kissed me, just to hurt her a little and make her luscious
  lips twist on mine and her body squirm against me.
       "Shit," I said then. "Look at those tits. God, I want to hurt
  them!"
       "Danny, no! Please no, oh please, Danny, don't--"
       "I'll just pinch your nipples a little, sis," I said, and I took
  those pink nips in my fingers and began playing tunes on them. Playing
  tunes on Barbara, because the noises and whimpers and squeals and
  cries and babblings I got out of her by manipulating her nipples with
  my fingers was stimulating music in my ears.
       I took her to the bed and lay her down across it and told her to
  spread for me, and Barbara opened her legs as she moaned with the pain
  in her nipples, thrashing her head about frantically. I still clamped
  her tits as I slid my hard cock into her warm and writhing cunt.
       "Now," I said, fucking my sister slowly. "Now, Barb, I want you
  to tell me all about how you went to bed with all those professors up
  at school, just as I told you to. Tell me all about it in great
  detail. And don't forget to move your hips as you do. Okay, sis?" And
  I squeezed particularly hard at her agonized nipples.
       Barbara, between sobs and gasps and groans, told me all about her
  enforced sex life up at college, and also obediently moved her body in
  rhythm with my thrusts. I fucked my sister a long time, listening to
  her sobbing tale.
       "You talk too much, sis," I said finally, and pulled out of her
  and crawled on top of her. "Gag yourself with this," I said, and poked
  my cock at her mouth. Barbara opened up like a good frightened girl
  and I jammed myu prick all the way in, making her choke. She sucked me
  off and at the last moment I pulled back and shot all over her face,
  all over her eyes and hair and mouth and nose and chin and everything.
       "Barb," I said. "You got me to climax and now I'm all limp. How
  can I get hard again so I can fuck you some more, unless I turn myself
  on by burning your tits and--"
       "No! God, Danny, no!" Barbara yelled. "Look, I-I'll do anything
  you want, Danny, I-I'll suck you again, I'll suck you until you get
  hard. Okay? Please, Danny, I-I can't take it if you--oh, god, Danny,
  I-I'll suck you, I'll fuck you, I-I'll--piss on me, tie me up,
  anything, but for god's sake--"
       "Okay," I said. "I'll tell you what, sis. Here's my cigarette
  pack--"
       "NO!"
       "Hold it!" I said. "Now, Barb, if you don't want me to burn you,
  okay--but."
       "B-but what?"
       "But I want to watch you in pain, sis. I want you to make lovely
  music for me with your screams and howls. I want to watch that body
  jerking in agony, writhing and squirming and flailing with it."
       "Danny, for god's sake!"
       "You do it, sis," I said. "You burn your tits yourself."
       Barbara stared at me wildly. "What!"
       "And right now," I said. "Or by god I'll do it to you all night
  long. Now!"
       Barbara was shaking. Involuntary moans came from her mouth as she
  shook a cigarette out of the pack. Her hands shook so badly she could
  hardly hold it.
       "I'll light it for you," I said, and I did.
       Barbara swallowed hard. "I--I-I can't," she whimpered.
       "Okay," I said. "Give it to me."
       "No! Oh god, ohhh--"
       Barbara tried. She brought the glowing cigarette close to her
  trembling breast, but she couldn't put it against her skin.
       "Give it to me," I said.
       "No!"
       "Give it to me, Barbara. Now."
       Barbara was sobbing with terror as she handed me the cigarette.
       "Barb," I said. "I'm going to love doing this. Hands over your
  head."
       "D-Danny--"
       "Do it, whore!"
       Barbara stretched her arms above her head, tautening the
  quivering tits. I smiled.
       "No, no," she babbled. "I can't, don't, no, please no, I oh Jesus
  god no--"
       And I moved the hot cylinder toward her as slowly as I could,
  dragging out her horrible anticipation and my unalloyed pleasure. And
  then I kissed her nipple with it and almost came again as I absorbed
  the sight of the straining body and the wonderful sounds I lived for.
       "AHAHAHAHAHOHOHOHOHAUUGHHAUHGAIEEENNNOOOOHOHOHOHOHO
  Dannydodododohohohohohahahhaahh. NNUNUNUNAU UNH. UNH. UNH.
  AAIEEENONONOMORENOMORE ohjesusgod Danny ohjesus god please oh my good
  Christ I oh I oh I ohNONONONO ARRRGGHHAAARRRGGH! AAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE!
  Ah ah ah ah ah unh unh unh unnh I-I-I-I-I-AUGHUNHHOHUHAHAHAHA..."
       "SIS!"




AFTERMATH
By V.P. Viddler

Around dawn, having put Abby through her paces for many hours throughout the
night, doing it all to her, and making Abby do it all to us, all night long; all
of us fully drained, sated and exhausted from having our fun with Abby's
unwilling but forcibly compliant body; around dawn we took turns pissing on her.

At first it was thought that it would do most for us if all of us stood in a big
circle around Abby and all pissed on her simultaneously; but after much
discussion it was concluded that it would be one at a time, each of us taking
our turn. So we had Abby lie on her back on the floor, with her long luscious
legs slightly apart, with her arms lying harmlessly above her head, and we told
her to stay that way, no matter what.

Now Abby, by this time, was not about to do anything we told her not to do. No
way at all. So Abby lay there as one by one all twenty of us stood beside that
motionless, naked, exhausted, brutalized, aching, voluptuous, victimized body,
pissing on it, pissing on all of it, pissing as long as we could, with all the
piss we had accumulated in our bladders throughout that long night, pissing all
over Abby's body, from top to bottom, pissing on Abby's legs and on Abby's
crotch and on Abby's stomach and on Abby's torso and on Abby's breasts, all over
and around Abby's breasts, and on Abby's neck and on Abby's lovely face, all
over Abby's darling gorgeous face, Abby's eyes, an Abby was told not to close
those fine brown eyes, just to hold them open, and Abby did her best to do that
as that piss hit them, flooding Abby's poor eyes, and up Abby's nose, and of
course in Abby's mouth, and of course Abby was told to hold that mouth open, and
Abby did, holding that beautiful mouth open as all that piss poured into it,
swallowing, as she had to, choking, spluttering, gagging with all that piss, and
in Abby's hair, too, soaking that long soft dark brown hair, making it lank and
dripping with piss, until all of us had spilled all our piss on Abby's body, and
Abby lay soaking in a stinking pool of piss, piss running from her body,
dripping from her hair, drowning in our piss.

Now at last we had finished with Abby, but wouldn't allow her to wash off,
though Abby begged us and begged us. But Abby had to put all her clothes on
without washing, had to put them on her dripping, soaking, stinking body, and go
home that way. And Abby did.

First Abby had to convince us that she had learned her lesson. And she did. And
she had. Most painfully. And would not forget it.

Which is why Abby had nothing to say the following day at work when we hung an
exhibition of photographs in Abby's office-- photographs of Abby, naked and
engaged in various sexual activities from the night before. Abby on her knees,
sucking somebody's cock; Abby crouching over somebody, fucking; Abby with two
guys in a sandwich, cocks in her vagina and in her anus; Abby spread-eagled by
four guys while two others did painful things to her with burning cigarettes;
Abby being pissed on, and on and on. In appreciation of this show, we had a
company party in Abby's office, for which Abby was our gracious hostess. It was
most gratifying to watch as Abby, at our request, acted out most of the
activities depicted in those photographs. For our entire staff. And for various
outsiders who got invited to our party. The fact that Abby was crying all the
time did nothing to distract from our enjoyment.

On the following day Abby reported to the office of the chairman of the board,
who had had a bit of difficulty with Abby on a past occasion. Not this time.
Abby reported to him with her hands bound in back of her, and with a long black
whip hung about Abby's waist. Following instructions, Abby fell to her knees as
soon as she was in that office, and crawled slowly and awkwardly toward his
desk. Stopping at his chair, she fell forward to kiss his shoes, and then Abby
begged, in most soft and humble tones, for his forgiveness, promising to do
anything now to afford him all the pleasure he could gain through the use and
abuse of her body. The resulting record, on film and sound, of that long session
in the chairman's office provided much entertainment and edification for the
company staff for many many months.

And so did Abby.

And if you listen, you can hear Abby now, from behind that office door,
screaming and screaming. Probably you would like to make Abby's acquaintance
yourself, and you will. I'll have Abby show you some of those photographs, and
you can pick out one or two for her to act out with you. And Abby will turn
pale, as always, and look wildly around, as always, in vain, for a way to get
out of it; and then, crying, shaking, sobbing, Abby will do it, anything you
want, Abby will do it all.

Ah Abby. On your knees, Abby. Show us your breasts, Abby. Show us your legs,
Abby. Crawl for us, Abby. You want to piss on her? Spread out, Abby, and this
man will piss on you. Don't close your mouth, Abby...




ALL NIGHT LONG
By V.P. Viddler

All night long they took her. Without pause, without stint, without mercy. Hour
after hour. As she lay spread and stretched and helpless for them. All night
long. Again and again. Ravishing her young firm luscious nubile body, ripping
their pleasure from the smooth skin and taut springy breasts and straining
outstretched curving legs and soft tight squirming quivering vagina. Raping all
of it for their lustful satisfaction. Again and again and again. Ceaselessly.

Fifty, forty, thirty, she didn't know. She didn't know who they were, what their
names might be, how they had got here. Except for Carl, who was there through it
all, who was watching all of it all night long, who said to her, smiling,
smiling, "How do you like it, Sis? Is it fun? Is it good? How do you like
getting fucked, Sis? You want more of it? There's lots more of it, Sis. Do you
like it? I like it. I love watching you doing this. You're going to do it for
me, aren't you, Sis?"

And she could say nothing because she was crying, sobbing, moaning, whimpering,
gagging, screaming or babbling futile pleas, prayers, but thinking no, no, god
no, but knowing she would, he would, if ever they finished with her, with that
battered agonized spreadeagled straining tautly bound body, Carl would take his
turn. Raping joyously his sister, raping slowly and deliberately and viciously
his own nubile helpless sister, while telling her of what his plans held for her
future, soon and late.

Smiling now so she could see him as they still on and on taking her, hard,
laughing, panting, thrusting, slapping at thighs and clamping of breast and
pulling of hair to hold still her head so to kiss her twisting sobbing mouth,
push tongues into her crying mouth knowing that if she bit at them they could
hurt her to make her scream.

Carl would make her scream. Carl told her that. Told her how, what he would do
to her as they took her and took her and took her. Raping, ravishing that tight
writhing body, that almost virgin spasmodically twitching vagina. Not her mouth.
Carl was saving her mouth. Carl was planning to rape that mouth himself. As they
still took her, crushing that soft voluptuous jerking body, pounding at that
painfully contracting vagina, kissing that gasping moaning mouth, mauling
breasts and nipples and quivering vainly pulling thighs. Carl told her what that
sweet soft round sensual mouth would do for him.

No, she thought, wild, despairing, no god please no god please.

In detail he told her, slowly, smiling, speaking softly of lips and tongue and
throat, of licking and nibbling and sucking and swallowing, and he said, "Isn't
that right, Sis?" And she said no no and Carl spoke further, softly, smiling,
talking of bound wrists and straining thighs and whipping, whipping of soft
smooth straining flesh, and of cigars and fire and burning of nipples and of
thighs, and of things to bring pain and agony and horror, all said as they raped
her body continually and he watching, and he said again, "Isn't that right,
Sis?"

And she said, cried, choking, "Yes, yes Carl, yes. Yes. Anything."

"Yes," Carl said. "Anything. From now on. Anything at all. Any time. Any place.
Any way. Anybody. Anything. Isn't that right, Sis?"

And "Yes," she said, choked, gagged, "yes Carl yes Carl yes."

"And if not," Carl said, "if not I will bring you back here. And I will let them
use your mouth. And I will let them use your ass. And I will let them whip you.
As much, as long, as hard, as they wish. Whipping. Burning. Raping. As long as
it is. Not just all night. Days. Weeks. Months."

"No stop. I will, Carl," she said, sobbing as still they continued to pound her
taut pain-filled body. Twisting, squirming, writhing, bucking. "I will, please,
I'll crawl for you."

"Say it, Sis," Carl said, smiling. "Say it again. Say it loud."

"I'll crawl for you," she said. "I will crawl for you, Carl."

"Yes," Carl said. "And now you will scream for me. For all of us."

Which she did. As Carl watched, listening to that music, smiling. Music of
screams, shrieks, shouts, squalls, cries, pleas, howls. That young nubile
voluptuous curving body arching against tight pulling bonds as it was carved
into stripes, etched into red hot burns, distorted into elongated agonizing
shapes, and finally the ravishing again, the continuous taking of the thrashing
spread-out screaming tossing begging lovely girl. And Carl saying, "How is it,
Sis? How do you like it, Sis..."




ALLISON
By V.P. Viddler

Allison was sucking her brother's cock and crying.

It was a beautiful sight. Particularly so as I knew how much Allison was hating
it.

That was exciting.

Watching her doing it was exciting too. Allison was good at it. Damn good. And I
should know--I had trained her. I had enjoyed that training, too, although
Allison had not. But she had learned, all right. And now that training was
paying off for young Billy. Because Allison knew she had damned well better do
her best. Even though she was hating each moment, hating it with a terrible
passion, hating me and hating Billy and hating what I was making her do to him.
And I ws making her do it slowly, lovingly, protractedly, drawing out Allison's
submission, degradation, humiliation. Trampling Allison's will and her spirit
into the dust. Showing her what she was.

My slave.

My plaything.

My thing.

And Allison was slowly sucking, her head slowly moving up and down, up and down,
Allison's mouth taking all of Billy's cock into it, into her throat, sliding it
out, Allison's lips caressing, kissing, sliding around Billy's stiffness,
Allison's well-taught tongue licking, slowly, laving, stroking, slithering, up
and down, back and forth, building Billy's passion, slowly, so slowly, and
Allison all the time crying, just sucking and crying, sobbing softly, soft
little sobs, whimpers, gasps coming from that working mouth and throat as
Allison prostrated her body and her soul and went on sucking her brother's cock,
as I watched.

Billy, it must be said, didn't mind this at all. Most of Billy's young life had
been spent hating, fearing and lusting for his big sister. Who was always
bullying, patronizing, contemptuous and snobbish. But not now. And this history,
this now violated relationship, was what was making Billy's pleasure such a
triumphant joy, and Allison's subjugation such an agonizing, almost
insupportable horror and humiliation.

And in addition to all that, Allison had to know, as Billy was indubitably
hoping, that this was only a start. Just the beginning of what could be a very
long night. For Allison, crouching over Billy's crotch--with Billy lying naked
on his bed--was still fully dressed. I was making her suck Billy's cock with all
her clothing on. In a way this was adding to Allison's shame, but in another way
it left still to come that time when I would ask her to show Billy, to show to
her kid brother, that young, round, luscious, lust- inspiring body. Ask--I say
ask, though my asking Allison anything had the force of a command--my softly
crying girl to stand before that very brother and strip for him, strip slowly,
taking off her clothing bit by bit, exposing it all to him, baring those high
round breasts, those long luscious smooth legs, and all the rest of it, all of
that scrumptious young body.

And as for what Allison would do with Billy after that--with him and to him and
for him. It would be lots of fun for Billy. Lots of fun for me. No fun at all
for Allison.

Or I thought I might make Allison strip while she was still sucking Billy.
Taking all her clothes off as she still held his cock in her mouth, wriggling
and squirming while trying with difficulty to rid that body of blouse and skirt
and stockings and bra and panties, still sucking, still crying with agony and
humiliation, stripping that body naked. I could envision Allison, at my command,
lying flat out on top of Billy's willing body, lying with all of her pressed
against him, into him, writhing, at my command, writhing, grinding against him,
as she told him all the things I was going to make her do for him, sobbing into
his ear as she gasped out in detail all those lascivious joys Billy was about to
undergo at his sister's forcibly submissive hands. And body.

But now Billy was coming and Allison was moaning and swallowing, moaning and
taking Billy's spunk into that gulping throat, Billy shooting and howling,
Allison moaning and swallowing and choking and swallowing and gasping and
swallowing.

It drove me wild and I had Allison suck me too, and Billy, watching, got hard
again. So I had Allison strip for him. Crying as she did.

And I said, "Allison, tell Billy to hurt you."

Allison didn't want to do that.

"Allison," I said.

"Hurt me, Billy," Allison said.

"Again," I said.

"Hurt me, Billy," Allison said, crying.

Billy hurt her.

Allison screamed.

Billy hurt her again.

Allison dropped to her knees.

"Again," I said.

Allison said, "Hurt me, Billy," and Billy did, and Allison writhed on the floor.

Billy fell on top of her.

I said, "Put your legs around him, Allison."

Billy did it to his sister, hard and brutally, as Allison clamped her luscious
thighs and curving calves around him and twisted that body against him and
screamed and yelled and howled and shouted and shrieked and cried and squalled
in agony and pain and horror and humiliation and shame and degradation and
debasement and I put my cock in her ass and fucked that young gorgeous bucking
crying body....




ANYTHING FOR BARRY
By V.P. Viddler

I know why you're here, and I'll do what you want. I guess Barry told you that.

You don't think you're the first guy Barry has sent here, do you? Barry does
this a lot. That's just one of his ways of showing his power over me.

That's what it is, you know. Barry has that power over me. He can make me do
anything he wants. Anything at all. All Barry has to do is snap his fingers and
I crawl for him.

That's not just a figure of speech, either. I crawl for him. I'm trained now, so
that he just snaps his fingers and I'm down on my hands and knees.

That's only one of his signals. If he claps his hands once, I start taking my
clothes off. If he claps again I stop.

Oh, Barry's got a lot of them. I'm his slave, you know. That's what I am, and I
can't stop it. Because Barry has that power for me, I don't know why. He starts
calling me dirty names, and I go all weak in the knees. The more he curses me,
the hotter I get. Until I'm moaning and squirming around on the floor and
begging him to take me.

Or to hurt me.

Which Barry loves to do.

And I love it when he does it. Especially in public, when I can't--Oh Christ,
you don't want to hear this, do you? That's not what you're here for. Barry told
you I'd lay for you, right? Or go down on you. Or do whatever you want.

And I will.

Not because I want to, with you. I mean, you're not quite as bad as some of the
guys Barry's sent me, but I don't particularly dig you, either. Sorry about
that, but you should know that I'm not doing this because I'm a damn
nymphomaniac or something. Just for Barry. I have to do what Barry says. I can't
help that.

And Barry wants to humiliate me, to show his power. So Barry says, I'm sending
over some strange guy and I want you to fuck him and suck him and degrade
yourself with him and let him do anything he wants to you. You filthy slut,
Barry says. And I say, okay, Barry. I will, Barry. I'm a filthy slut, Barry.

So here you are, and I'm going to do just what Barry wants, which is to do
whatever you want. What do you want? You want me to take off my clothes, I'll
take off my clothes. You want me to crawl for you, I'll crawl. You want to fuck
my mouth, I'll go down on my knees or lie on my back or whatever. You want me to
fuck for you, I'll do it. Any way you want it.

And if you want to hurt me, you can do that. If you want to tie me up, I'll show
you where the ropes are. And handcuffs. And chains. And hooks to hang me from,
if you like that. And gags, all kinds of gags, if you want to gag me. But this
apartment is soundproof, so if you want to hear me scream you can do that too.
Barry loves to hear me scream. And I'll show you the whips. The canes. The
branding irons.

You think I'm kidding? Anything, Dennis--that's your name, right? Dennis? You
can do anything to me. Or make me do anything. You like watching? You can be
like Barry and bring other guys in and make me fuck them. You can drag strangers
in off the street, bums, crazies, drug addicts, anybody, and tell me to fuck for
them and I will. There is no humiliation, no degradation, no debasement, no
debauchery, no sadistic or animalistic commands to which I will not submit. My
body is yours to do with as you will. Your toy, your plaything, your submissive
vessal of unlimited pleasure.

Because that's what Barry wants.

What, Dennis? A cigar? Of course. Shall I light it for you? All right. There,
it's burning nicely. I assume you want to put it out eventually. On me.

Pull up my skirt? All right. All the way up? I see, it's my thigh you want. On
the inside of my thigh? Way up there? All right. I'll spread them apart for you.
Yes, I'll hold still. May I scream? No? All right, I'll try not to.

Ahhhh. Ahh that hurts, Dennis. Ahhh that hurts so much. I can't help squirming,
I--all right. Please stop, Dennis. Please stop.

Again? Yes, Dennis. My mouth? As you--of course.

Anything...




THE BABY-SITTER
By V.P. Viddler

Baby-sitting can be a particularly dangerous occupation for a young girl. Why,
just last month my sister Gloria was baby-sitting for this family down the
block, and a gang of older guys broke in and raped the shit out of her.

It was quite a sight.

I had always wanted to see Gloria naked, and I saw it all right. Oh, I should
say that I was there too. In fact, I'm the guy that told the gang about Gloria
baby-sitting that night. So I got my reward--I got to watch.

If you think you've seen your sister in every way you can possibly see her you
can't imagine how it is to see her as I saw Gloria after they got her spread out
and tied down. Not just naked. That was something, though. What a body. What
tits. What a stomach, what an ass, what thighs and calves, what a pussy! But not
only that. Scared out of her mind. Making all these high noises. And fighting.
God, did she fight! My sister, spread- eagled so taut you could see each muscle
ripple under the skin, lashed down by the ropes, but she fought and fought.
Pulling and tugging and straining, squirming and twisting and rolling and
writhing and thrashing and kicking and bucking and arching and wriggling and
jerking and spasming and gyrating. Also panting and gasping and gulping and
whining and whimpering. Nothing did any good. It only stretched that body and
made her tits bounce around. Bouncing and jouncing. We all watched as Gloria
fought and fought, helplessly, uselessly, frantically, futilely. And when she
started to cry, they began to fuck her.

All of them in turn did it to her, all of them did it at least twice, some of
them three times. And they took a long time. Giving it to her slow and hard. On
and on. On and on. Coming inside her finally, and then another guy. On and on.
And Gloria sobbing, sobbing. Finally begging, pleading. Again and again they
fucked her body.

And all this time I sat on the floor by the bed, watching, and whispering into
Gloria's ear. "How do you like it, Sis? How do you like being fucked? How do you
like having your precious young body violated by savages. Hmm? How is it? Is it
fun, Sis? Was it worth it?" And I talked and talked, and all the time my words
were making Gloria cry harder and I knew it and my cock was standing up hard and
stiff. I wanted to put it inside her. I was dying to prong my sister and fuck
the crap out of that fantastic body and get back for what had gone down all
those years of growing up. Damn, Gloria had grown up now all right.

"Sis," I said. "I'm going to take my turn with you too."

And Gloria screamed, actually screamed.

"That's right. And I'm going to put my damn cock in your pretty round mouth and
I'm going to stick it down your throat and you're going to lick it and kiss it
and suck it and love it and swallow it all, and I'm going to gag you with it and
I'm going to let all these boys watch as I shoot it all down your throat. How
about that, Sis? How about that, Gloria bitch slut whore cunt cock sucker?"

"No!"

But I did it. I took a long long time with it, and I got as much humiliation and
degradation and debasement out of Gloria as I could. And then I gave her back to
the guys to play with.

They played with her all night long.

What music she made.

By morning Gloria was a babbling wreck, crawling from man to man, that fabulous
body a whip-marked ruin. I hung her up by her long blonde hair and she screamed
with pain, and I tied her hands in back of her and we had a tit-slapping
contest. Gloria screamed so loud we had to gag her, and we had a tit-stabbing
contest with hatpins, and then a whipping contest, and then a burning contest
with a box of cigars we found.

At last the couple Gloria was baby-sitting for got home. So we tied up the man
and raped the woman as he watched and hung her up by Gloria, only her hair was
dark. The woman was called Bambi and we whipped her tits hard and we lashed her
kicking legs until those fine thighs twitched in agony, and I cut Bambi down and
made her crawl, crawl all over and crawl to me and put her soft luscious mouth
on my prick and suck and suck and suck. What sobbing, what howls from her
husband, and what a great orgasm all over that lovely face. And we fucked Bambi
in the ass and pinched her nipples in a vise for a while and then made her suck
off her husband for us. And finally we untied the husband and made him whip his
wife. I got the kids up and put a knife at their throats so he would whip Bambi
really hard, and he did, and we pinned Bambi down and I made him whip her harder
and harder and harder and Bambi howled and screamed and I came on my sister
Gloria again...




THE BOTTLE
By V.P. Viddler

"Oh god not that please god no no please not that don't god please don't no --"

"But you're gonna love it, Teach. You know you will. Come on now. Open up.
Spread wide."

"No god please no anything please --"

Half sitting, half lying on a table with two boys holding her arms behind her,
twisting and pushing, and two boys standing on either side of her, watching and
occasionally putting their hands on her, on her breasts that pushed out from the
torn blouse, the dangling brassiere. And Willy standing in front of her, holding
the bottle. Smiling at her.

"Not that."

"You'll love it."

"No."

"You want it, Teach."

"No, god, please."

Willy's hand now on her thigh, bared by the torn skirt pushed high on the long
round tan curving legs.

"No."

"Yes. You want it, don't you, Teach? Say it."

"No. Please. Please. Don't."

"Pull her open."

"No."

Struggling as they twisted her arms. As the two others put hands on her ankles.

"No. No."

Pulling. Pulling at her legs. Pulling them apart. Laughing as they spread those
long tan luscious soft sensuous legs wide. Willy holding the bottle. Willy
pinching her nipple.

"You want it, Teach. Tell me you want it. Say it."

Pinching. And she wriggling, writhing, twisting, pain in her nipple, pain in her
arms, legs forcibly wide, crying.

"Say it, Teach. Say you want it."

"I -I -I want it."

Crying. Twisting. Watching them watching that squirming body, rolling breasts,
straining thighs, and her pain, her need, knowing, watching her shame, her
wanting, her helpless passion.

"Say it, Teach."

"I -I want it. Yes. Do it."

"Do what, Teach?"

"Do it to me."

"With the bottle?"

"Oh. God. Yes."

"Say it."

"With the bottle. Do it."

"Ask me to do it."

"Please. Oh god please. Do it please do it."

Willy grinning, all of them grinning, Willy holding up the bottle.

"Fuck you with the bottle?"

"Yes. Yes."

"Say it."

"Fuck me with the bottle."

Crying so hard now, sobbing, helpless now, twisting, hating herself, hating
them, knowing. Willy holding the bottle to her lips. Gasping.

"If you want it, Teach, show us how much you love it. Suck it. Come on, Teach.
Suck the bottle. Just like you sucked our cocks. Do it."

And sobbing and hurting and helpless she opened her mouth and bowed her head
over that bottle, crying, gasping, long brown hair falling forward, breasts
jiggling, body writhing, legs painfully apart, and took it into her mouth and
moaning sucked on it, sucked it as she had sucked their cocks, all of them,
bobbing up and down, crying, licking, sucking at that bottle as they all
watched, laughing, chortling, and Willy pulling it from her mouth and two of
them pulling at her legs until she was all exposed and open and squalling with
pain and Willy said, "Here it is, Teach," and twisting the bottle against her
vagina pushed it in, twisting it in, slowly but firmly into her and she was
screaming, screaming and moaning and squalling, and Willy fucking her with the
bottle, and all of them laughing, and Willy said, "I can make her come with
this," And she was crying, "No, no, please no," Willy grinning, fucking her with
it, and all of them watching and laughing and it was so hard and brutal and
hurting and Willy said, "Watch, it's getting her, isn't it, Teach? You love it
and you're going to come, aren't you, Teach? You crazy cocksucking bitch." And
she didn't want to and she was crying and she was and as her body arched up,
arched gradually up off the table, they laughed, legs straining now, body taut,
tauter, arching, straining, all of them laughing and "No No No oh god ah ah
aaaaagghhh nnnnn Haugghhhh! HAAAUUUURRRRGGGHHHH!" Climaxing again and again and
Willy twisting the bottle and finally pulling it from her and she collapsing and
sobbing and rolling under their gaze.

And then they made her do for them all the things she had already done. With her
mouth and her vagina and her anus. With her thighs and her breasts and her body.
And she crying and pleading and coming over and over, fucking and sucking and
begging, moaning and whimpering and babbling, climaxing again, again, again.

When they couldn't fuck her any more they made her ask for punishment, beg for
it, for the whipping, all of them using their belts on her twisting, flailing,
climaxing body, on her back, on her ass, on her breasts. And pissing on her.
Making her ask them to piss on her. Watching her crawling for them.

"Tomorrow in class," Willy said, "you can crawl for all of us."

And even as she was sobbing and begging she knew she would, saw herself crawling
for the class, saw herself defiling herself for them, saw herself on her knees,
sucking boy after boy, and fucking boy after boy, saw herself naked, showing her
long tan legs, wrapping them around a long line of young cruel boys, giving her
body and mouth and vagina to anyone who asked, crawling as a slave toy plaything
cocksucking slut whore. Saw herself strung up in that classroom, stark naked and
screaming, hanging by her wrists and kicking wildly as the mass whipping went
on, and spread-eagled across her own desk as all of them fucked her mercilessly,
class after class, all day long, fucking her, making her suck, twisting her
nipples, whipping her thighs, putting out cigarettes on her body. Climaxing
again and again, unable to stop coming, as Willy laughed and her husband came in
and they made her crawl to him and beg to suck his cock and they made her show
him what she did for them, made him watch and made her do it all, all night
long, climaxing and sucking and coming and pleading and screaming and fucking
the bottle with legs wide and straining and taut and panting mouth...




BREAKING LINDA
By V.P. Viddler

"Look in my eyes while I hurt you," I said.

"What?"

"I said I want you to look into my eyes as I hurt you, Linda."

"You bastard."

"I'm going to hurt you horribly."

"You can try."

"Oh, I will, Linda. Look at me."

"I'm looking."

"Good. Now, Linda. Do you feel my hands on your breasts?"

"I do."

"Do you like that?"

"No."

"Too bad, Linda. Now I am going to pinch your nipples. Are you ready?"

"Do what you want."

"Look at me, Linda. Now. Here it is. Now. Ah, yes. Now. How is that, my darling?
Does it hurt? Your eyes are round, Linda. Hurts, yes? And this? And this, Linda?
Look at my eyes. Oh, I love the pain I see."

"Ungg. Ugghh. Agghh. Hahh. Huhh. Aggh."

"Wouldn't you like me to stop, Linda? Don't you wish I would stop? Hmm?"

"You...you...bastard...AAAK."

"I'm only starting, darling girl. I'm only beginning. How is this? Hah? How
is...this, Linda?"

"RRRGGGHHH...NNNNNUUUHH..."

"Oh, twist, my darling, grit your teeth, bite your lip. So clear, your eyes, so
round and full of pain as you clamp your mouth to stop your howling. Eh? Eh?"

"Hah! Hah! Huh! ARRRGGGH. You...you...I...EENNNNN. Hah, hah, hah, hah."

"So stubborn, so strong and stubborn in your pain, my darling girl. If I ask you
to take your blouse off for me, will you do it? No? Ah. I see. And will you do
it...now?"

"AUUNNNGG...NGEEIIIINNGGH..."

"So lovely as you squirm under my hands, my Linda. Squirm again."

"GGGHHHAUHAHAHAHAHAAUUU."

"Will you take your blouse off for me, Linda?"

"Unn...Yes...I will..."

"Good. Do it."

"You...you..."

"Do it. Ah. Ah. So beautiful. And your skirt, Linda?"

"No..."

"No?"

"ARRRRRRGH."

"Look at me, Linda. Tears? Can you watch me through your tears? As I..."

"AUUU. AU, ARRRGG HAAAH."

"Your skirt, Linda?"

"All right!"

"Oh, your legs, will you kick for me, will you kick and thrash and flail with me
inside you? Linda?"

"Don't."

"Bring me your body."

"Don't."

"Bring your naked body to me, Linda, and ask me to hurt you some more."

"I won't."

"But I want you to."

"AAAAUUURRR NOOOOO."

"You are howling, Linda. You howl now. You are broken."

"DON'T AK AK AK."

"Ask."

"No."

"Ask."

"NOO."

"Ask."

"AAAA STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE OH GOD OH STOP."

"Crawl."

"NO."

"Crawl."

"YES."

"Crawl."

"I'm crawling."

"What are you doing, Linda?"

"I'm crawling. I'm crawling."

"Who is your master, Linda?"

"You are my master, you bastard."

"Who is your master, Linda?"

"You...are...my...master...you...bastard..."

"Again."

"You are you..."

"Crawl. Up and down, up and down. Now. I will call your husband."

"No!"

"Stand in front of me."

"No!"

"Stand in front of me. Look at my eyes. Now."

"AUUUURRRRGGGHHH."

"I will call your husband."

"Call him."

"Ask me to call him."

"Call him. Call my husband. Please call my husband."

"What will you do in front of your husband?"

"I will crawl in front of my husband. I will crawl for you. I will suck your
cock in front of my husband. I will fuck you in front of my husband. I will
scream for you in front of my husband. I will swallow your sperm I will take it
on my face I will fuck for you and I will suck off anybody and I will be a naked
crawling slave in front of my husband."

"Ask me to hurt you, Linda."

"Hurt me."

"Stand still. Stand still, Linda."

"ARRRRGGGH. OH NO MORE NO MORE AIIIIEEEEE."

"Fuck you, Linda, suck my cock, Linda, hurt, Linda, suffer and give me your
hair, give me your long dark hair and bow, you bitch, bow down and suck me off
in front of him now..."




THE BUTTONS
By V.P. Viddler

"Shall I unbutton the first button?"

"No."

"No? Don't say no, Shirley. I'll ask you again. Shall I unbutton the first
button?"

"Yes."

"All right. Shall I unbutton the second button?"

"No."

"I told you not to say that, Shirley. Let's try it again. This way. All right?
Shall I unbutton the second button?"

"Yes."

"All right. That's nice. Shall I unbutton the third button? Shirley? Shall I
unbutton the third button?"

"I--"

"Shall I, Shirley?"

"No."

"What?"

"Yes."

"Shall I unbutton the fourth button?"

"Why do you ask me?"

"Because I like to hurt you, Shirley. Shall I unbutton the fourth button?"

"What can I say if I can't--"

"Say no, Shirley. Then I can do things to you. This. This, Shirley darling."

"I can't--"

"Shall I unbutton the fourth button?"

"Yes."

"What?"

"Yes."

"What, Shirley?"

"Yes. Yes. Yes. All right."

"And shall I unbutton the fifth button?"

"All of them. Unbutton all of them. Okay?"

"That would spoil all the fun, Shirley. This kind of fun."

"I."

"Shall I unbutton the fifth button?"

"Yes. Please."

"That's good, Shirley. Please is nice. Shall I--"

"Yes."

"What, Shirly? Yes what?"

"Yes, unbutton the sixth button."

"But that sixth button is the last button, Shirley."

"Yes."

"If I unbutton the sixth button, there won't be any more buttons."

"I don't care."

"If I unbutton the sixth button, Shirley, your shirt will fall open. Is that
what you want?"

"No. Ah."

"Shirley. Now let me ask that question again. This way."

"Please. Please."

"This way, Shirley darling. Shall I unbutton the sixth button?"

"Yes."

"And let your shirt fall open?"

"Yes."

"But if I do that, I'll uncover your breasts. Is that what you want? Shirley?"

"I want you to stop hurting me."

"I'll bet you do. I'll bet you want that more than anything in the world. Is
that right, Shirley?"

"Yes."

"Shall I unbutton the sixth button?"

"Yes."

"Shall I uncover your breasts?"

"Yes."

"Shall I play with them?"

"If you want to."

"You're crying, Shirley. Shall I strip you naked, Shirley?"

"Don't hurt me."

"Shall I play with you? Shall I make you crawl? Shall I--"

"Yes please yes stop yes do anything you want just stop please."

"Shall I unbutton the sixth button? The last button?"

"Yes."

"Say it, Shirley."

"Unbutton the sixth button. Strip me, I don't care any more. I'll do anything
you want. If you want me to crawl I'll crawl. If you want me to suck you off
with my mouth I'll do that. If you want me to call up all your friends, all your
acquaintances, and ask them all to come over, I will. I'll be a sex slave, for
you, for all of them. I'll suck and fuck all night long. All night long I'll
crawl and spread and swallow. Anything you want. My body is yours. My breasts.
My mouth. My legs. My thighs. My hips. My ass. My soul."

"That's nice, Shirley. But I want to hurt you. I want to watch you in agony. I
want to hear you scream. Will you scream for us, Shirley?"

"You're going to make me, aren't you?"

"That's right, Shirley baby. I'm going to make you. I can't wait to hear it."

"Don't hurt me. I'll scream for you. I'll scream real good. I swear."

"But that's not the same, Shirley. It wouldn't have that sound of agony and
horror that an authentic howl of agony conveys. That sound of unimaginable,
unthought of, unsupportable pain. Want me to demonstrate, Shirley?"

"No please Jesus no please I'll do it I swear I'll scream for you, I'll do it so
well, I'll howl and I'll shriek and I'll wail, please, I'll cry for you, I'll
sob and I'll whimper and I'll beg, I'm begging mow, what do you--"

"Shall I unbutton the sixth button?"

"All right. Yes. Unbutton it."

"Shall I strip this shirt off?"

"Yes."

"Shall I touch your breasts?"

"If you want to."

"Shall I hurt you, Shirley?"

"All right. All right."

"Am I hurting you?"

"Christ. Christ. I can't do this."

"Tell me not to stop."

"Don't stop."

"Tell me you love me."

"I love you."

"Tell me what I want to hear."

"I am in your hands. I'm going to scream for you, you're going to make me
scream, I can't stand it, I'm going to scream, I'm in agony, I'm a toy, a
plaything, and I'm going to lick your cock, I'm going to crawl and spread my
legs for you, my thighs, and I'll wrap my legs all around your waist and I'll
fuck you until you burst. I'll swallow all the come from all your pals as they
shoot down my throat, and I'll strip for any man you say, I'll strip naked in
public, on the street, in the subway, I'll please I'll please."

"Lovely sweet pretty hurting Shirley, darling girl, so wracked with pain, I love
this. Watching this. As you strain. Squirm. Twist. Kick. Thrash. Wriggle.
Writhe. Jerk. Buck. Will you scream now, Shirley? Will you?"

"Yes. Yes."

"I've unbuttoned all the buttons. Right, Shirley?"

"Yes."

"All Right. Now scream."

"I'm I'm I'm going I'm going I I'm going to I'm I going please oh please yes I'm
going to scream now I'm going to scream right now I'm screaming listen to it
watch me I'm hurting oh god."

"Shall I unbutton your skirt?"

"Call them NOW..."




CAN I FUCK YOU?
By V.P. Viddler 

"How hard can I hit you?" 

"As hard as you want to." 

"I want to hit you as hard as I can. Can I do that?" 

"Yes." 

"Will you take your clothes off?" 

"Yes." 

"Do it." 

"All right." 

"Don't turn away from me. Face me and do it." 

"All right." 

"You're crying." 

"So what?" 

"I like it." 

"I know." 

"Lie down on the bed. Where can I hit you?" 

"On my back." 

"Stretch out. Arms straight. Hold the rails. How hard can I hit you?" 

"As hard as you can." 

"Don't move." 

"All right." 

"Don't scream." 

"All right." 

"I'm going to hit you now." 

"All right." 

"Across the back." 

"Yes." 

"You're shaking." 

"I know." 

"I like it." 

"I know." 

"Don't scream." 

"All right." 

"Count." 

"All right... 

"Hunh! One." 

"Do you like that?" 

"No." 

"Does it hurt?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I do it again?" 

"Yes... 

"Hunh! Two." 

"It hurts, doesn't it?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I do it again?" 

"Yes." 

"How many times can I hit you?" 

"As many as you want." 

"I can go on hitting you for as long as I want?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No... 

"Hunh! Three." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No... 

"Hunnh! Four!" 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No." 

"Can I hit you again?" 

"Yes... 

"Hunnnh! Five!" 

"Can I hit you fifty times?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No... 

"Hunhh! Six. Hunh! Ohh seven. Hunnggg! Nnnghh eight." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No... 

"Hunnhhh! Aaahh nine!" 

"Don't scream." 

"Gag me." 

"No." 

"Hunh! Nnnnghhhh! T-ten." 

"Can I fuck you if I stop hitting you?" 

"No." 

"Can I hit you sixty times?" 

"Y-yes... 

"Hunhh! Auggh!" 

"Count." 

"Eleven... 

"Hunnnhhh! Haugh!" 

"Count." 

"Twelve." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"No. Harrghh! Sssssss. Thir--Thirteen ohh--" 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"N-no--no--Haugghh! Gaaaghhh! Fourteen--I--I--" 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"I--Hunnhh! Hai! Fifteen." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"Yes." 

"What?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"Yes." 

"Say it." 

"Yes, you can fuck me. Yes." 

"Turn over." 

"All right. Aahh!" 

"Hurts, doesn't it?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I fuck you?" 

"Yes." 

"Spread your legs." 

"All right." 

"Wider. Good. Can I fuck you?" 

"Yes." 

"Ask me." 

"Please fuck me. Please fuck me." 

"All right. Now. Right now. How's that? How is it? You like it?" 

"No." 

"You hate it, don't you?" 

"Yes." 

"Yes. You hate me fucking your body." 

"Yes." 

"Say it." 

"I hate it. I hate you fucking me." 

"That makes it rape, doesn't it? I'm raping you, aren't I? Aren't I?" 

"Yes." 

"Say it." 

"You're raping me." 

"Again." 

"You're raping me." 

"Fuck me back. That's right. Raping your sweet fine sexy little body. Tell me to fuck you harder." 

"Fuck me harder." 

"Tell me you want to suck my cock." 

"I want to suck your cock." 

"Say it again." 

"I want to suck your cock." 

"Tell me you want me to fuck you in the ass." 

"I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

"You're letting me fuck you because you don't want me to hit you any more." 

"Yes." 

"You can't stand the pain any more." 

"No." 

"What will Bill say about you fucking me?" 

"Don't tell him." 

"What will he do?" 

"Don't tell him please I'll do anything you want." 

"Of course I'm going to tell him. What will he do to you?" 

"Don't tell him. Hit me again all you want." 

"All I want?" 

"Yes." 

"Anyplace I want?" 

"Yes." 

"Can I whip your breasts?" 

"Yes." 

"Will you scream?" 

"Gag me." 

"I want to whip your breasts. I want to whip your thighs. I want to whip your calves. I want to whip your nipples. I want to whip your stomach. I want to whip your cunt. I want to whip your ass. I want to whip your whole body to ribbons. Can I do that?" 

"Yes." 

"Fuck me." 

"I am." 

"I want to make you fuck for my friends." 

"All right. I'll fuck for your friends I will I will I'll fuck them all I'll suck their cocks I'll crawl for them and lick their asses out. They can piss on me and shit on me and I'll do anything they want. All right?" 

"Put your legs around me. Hold me with your legs and I'm going to grind this cigarette out on your nipples." 

"Gag me." 

"No." 

"I'll scream." 

"If you scream I'll tell Bill." 

"Please." 

"Ask me." 

"Please grind that cigarette out on my nipple. Do it as slowly as you want." 

"Kiss me and you can scream into my mouth. Put your tongue in my mouth. Now. Now. Yes. Hurting you. Yes. Damn. Kissing me in pain and wriggling against me and squirming and writhing and twisting and flailing and bucking and spasming and kicking in agony. As I rape you and rape you. I'm going to tell Bill about raping you and he will hang you up by your wrists and build a fire under your feet and we will watch you dancing in agony, legs kicking, body twisting frantically, screaming and begging us to fuck you." 

"I want to suck your cock let me take it in my mouth and suck on it and lick it and kiss it till it spurts down my throat and I want to swallow it and I can't stand it raping me raping raping raping." 

"I'll burn you again." 

"All right." 

"Sweet pain slut..."




COP LOVER
By V.P. Viddler

Her naked spread-eagled body was stretched so tightly between the two posts that
it looked as though her arms and legs must be pulled from her body. The tautly
straining body was stretched into immobility, so that even when the heavy
knotted rope thudded into her back with a sound like a firecracker, the impact
and the agony could impart no movement to that screamingly taut form, except for
the high thrusting breasts, which juddered and bounced slightly and excitingly
with each blow.

Thunk! went the rope into the naked girl's flesh.

Shudder went the hard-nippled breasts.

Drool dripped from the mouth of the panting man who stood in front of the bound
girl, watching and licking his lips. The man whipping the girl now moved around
to stand in front of her. His rampant penis thrust from his pants toward the
tortured form. He came forward and pinched the hard pink nipples with merciless
fingers, and then jammed his body against the girl's helpless nakedness and
swiftly and brutally rammed his cock up into her. Grunting with pleasure, he
reached up and pulled the soiled rag from the girl's mouth.

"Hauwww," the girl choked. "Hauww. Hau. Huah. Haoooow."

"Tell me, girl," the man said, pumping at her cunt. "Tell me again. Nicely now."

"I love the cops!" the girl shouted desperately. "I love the cops! I love the
cops!"

"What do you like to do to them?" the man said, twisting her nipples as he
thrust at her.

"I like to fuck the cops!" the girl howled. "I like to suck their cocks! I like
to eat their shit! I like to drink their piss! I like to crawl and grovel and--"

"What a fucking little liar you are, you piece of shit!" the man said.

"Chief," said the other man, "can I do it now? Can I?"

"Whip her first," the man said. "Take that rope and whip the living shit out of
her while I finish fucking her brains out."

"No!" the girl screamed.

The man stuffed the rag back into her mouth.

"Nnnggghh! Unnggghhh! Haugghh!"

"Do it!" the man said.

The other man got the rope and licking his lips began to use it on the girl's
back again.

Thwack!

The man came inside the girl as he felt the jarring smack of the whip go through
her.

"I'm tired of this bitch," he said. "I want to burn her fucking tits off. Light
me a cigarette."

The girl shook her head frantically, her hair whipping around her face, horrible
sounds coming from behind the gag.

"You don't like that idea, girlie? That's tough. But I don't know what else I
can do with you. You've already sucked every cock in the station about a dozen
times. All of us have fucked you in all your holes till we can't come any more.
It was nice when I could work you over and make you do stuff you said you
wouldn't do. Like fucking your brother. Remember that? You did it real good
after a while. And licking up my piss for me. That was cute. But now you'll do
just about anything, and I guess I could go on whipping you for a couple more
days--it sure is fun, no doubt about that--but I'm getting too old for all this
damn excitement. So I think I'll wrap it all up by burning you a bit. You got
about the finest pair of tits I've seen in almost thirty years, and it will give
me a lot of pleasure to just plumb ruin them for you. And to watch you go crazy
with the pain of it. I guess if I burn you all over for a couple of days--and
nights-- you'll just go insane. I hear insane people make great fucks, too. And
if you don't, you can take it from me that no man will ever want to touch those
tits again when I'm through with them. Black, charred cinders is what they'll
be. And your thighs, too. Those smooth damn legs. I'll ruin them too. I'm going
to ruin your whole sexy body, darlin'. And I'm going to plumb enjoy having you
screaming and wailing until you yell yourself hoarse. And of course I'll be
fucking you all the while. And so will my boy here. What do you say, smarty
girl? What do you say, cop-hater?" He pulled at the gag.

"Kill me," she said. "Kill me please."

"No way, sis," the cop said...




CRY HARDER
By V.P. Viddler

"How long will you keep me like this?"

"How long can you stand it?"

"I can't stand it now."

"But you have to."

"I know."

"Tell me about the pain."

"I can't. I can't describe it. It's--I can't."

"I can see it. In your face. In your body. Beautiful."

"You're sick."

"I know that. But that beauty remains."

"Will you take me down soon?"

"No."

"Oh. Oh god."

"Are you going to cry, Susan?"

"Is that what you want?"

"It would be pleasant."

"You know I probably will. That will give you a lot of pleasure, right?"

"You please me now, Susan. Seeing you in such pain."

"I know."

"It's bad, isn't it, Susan?"

"It's awful. Oh Christ, it's--I can't. I can't."

"I love you that way, Susan. The strain. The pain.

Straining. Twisting. Squirm for me, Susan."

"Don't--"

"Look at you. I can hardly keep my hands off you, Susan."

"I'll do anything you want."

"I know that. I know you will. That's why I can't touch you now. I'm not ready
to stop your pain. Not even for the joy of taking that body. Not even for the
pleasure of watching you degrading yourself. I know you will do anything to stop
the pain.

Offering me your body. Your mouth. Your soul. Right, Susan? If I take you down?
Right?"

"Yes. Yes. Anything. Anything you want."

"Not yet, Susan. Later."

"I won't beg you. I won't."

"You will, you know. Of course you will. And soon. We both know that. Right,
Susan?"

"I hate you."

"I know, and it excites me. As your suffering excites me.

That straining, twisting, quivering body. You're perspiring,

Susan."

"I can't stand it."

"You're sweating right through your pretty blouse. That pretty tight blouse is
soaking. I can watch your breasts move.

Those luscious round tits, pressing so hard against that thin blouse. Aching so
badly, and shifting back and forth as you writhe so sweetly that way. Your
nipples poking out--so hard, so damn hard from the pain."

"I can't, I can't stand it, it's so--Oh Jesus--"

"Will you take it off for me, Susan? If I take you down?

Will you stand in front of me and strip it off, show me your breasts? Naked?
Will you?"

"Damn you--you know I will--I'll do anything."

"Tell me."

"Anything. Anything. Oh oh oh god I can't I can't no--"

"Look how you're trying to kick, Susan. Trying to kick those legs. Pulling,
straining. They can't kick, though. Just strain and twitch. God, that's sexy.
I'lm so glad your skirt is a short one. Not that I couldn't simply pull it
up--or off. But I don't want to touch you. Yet. But I can see practically all of
your legs, Susan. Such sensuous thighs. Rippling that way as you strain and arch
that suffering body. Tightening your calves, twisting them. I could watch you
forever, you know that, Susan?"

"I...know that..."

"Watch you forever and listen to the sounds you make. Those gasps. Those moans.
Those whimpering, rasping breaths."

"You can't you have to stop I can't I oh ahh ahh--"

"Will you beg me, Susan?"

"You...bastard...I..."

"Say please."

"No. No."

"But you said you'd do anything."

"I will...I will..."

"Tell me."

"Anything."

"Tell me what you'll do, Susan."

"God oh god."

"Tell me what you'll do for me. If I take you down."

"Don't..."

"Tell me, Susan."

"If--I do--then..."

"No, dear, no bargains. Tell me."

"Oh dear god...I-I'll give myself to you."

"How?"

"Any way you want...any way..."

"Say it Susan. Say it all. I want to hear you say it. Maybe if you get me hot
enough, maybe I'll take you down. Okay?"

"Oh. I-I'll...I'll crawl. I'll crawl. I know you like that.

You love that, watching me crawl. I'll crawl for you. I'll strip.

Yes, I'll stand in front of you, just as you like, and strip naked. Oh god I
can't stand it ahh. Ahh. Unnnhh. I--"

"Go on, Susan."

"I--I'll give you my mouth. All you want. I'll suck you. You can come in my
mouth."

"Will you swallow it, Susan?"

"I'll swallow it. All of it."

"What else?"

"I'll make it good for you, I'll be so good, I--I-- Ah. Ahh.

Ahhh."

"It really hurts, doesn't it, darling? Your face is so beautifully agonized. I
love you jerking around like that."

"I can't. I can't any more. I can't. I can't."

"Will you beg me now?"

"I--I oh ahh damnyou oh damn you I--"

"Will you beg, Susan?"

"Unnhh. Yes. If--yes. Okay? All right? I will. Yes. I can't, god, yes,
anything!"

"Then do it, Susan. Say please."

"Ahh oh Christ Jesus oh it's too god ahh!"

"Say please, Susan."

"You...you...aauughh!"

"Say please."

"Please."

"Again."

"Please."

"Again."

"Please please please."

"Beg, Susan. Beg. Make it good."

"Oh please I'm begging, yes, I beg you, yes, all right, yes, please, oh dear god
please I beg you please stop it I can't please stop yes please I beg you don't
any more ahh! Ahhh! Christ

Jesus in heaven, no, please I swear I'll do anything, don't any more aughh!
Anything, I'll do anything, take me, take my body, it's yours."

"It's so full of pain, my darling. So taut, so tight, so twisted."

"Take it, take me down I'll do it for you, I'll augghh!

AARRGGHH! HAUHHNNHHHNNOOOOOOO."

"Screaming, Susan?"

"AAAAUUUNNNAAAA!"

"I love your screams. Will you scream for me naked, Susan?

Shall I take your clothes off and let you scream for me that way?"

"PLEEAEEEEAAAASSSE!"

"That body straining naked and--"

"Please god no more anything anything anything."

"Anything?"

"ANYTHING! ARRGHH!"

"Okay. all right, Susan darling. Just tell me one more thing. Okay?"

"Ahh. Ahh. Please please."

"Okay, Susan. Sweet baby. Just tell me to call David in."

"NOOOOOOO!! You--AAHH! You--you can't--you filth--auggh.

Arrrhhh. God not that. Not that. Please Jesus please ah I please arrrgghh."

"David will just go crazy seeing you that way."

"Aaahh. Oohh Jesus no no not that no that anything but that

I beg you I harrgh! Don't!"

"Ask me to call David in."

"No! Haugghhh! Harrrghh!"

"Ask me, Susan."

"NNNNNN! Hah hoh haugh haugh haaa augh hah hooo."

"Crying, Susan? You're crying. God, that's lovely, that just freaks me out,
sweet Susan. Hurting and crying and writhing and straining. Tits bouncing.
Thighs squirming. Agony. I want to come, Susan. I wish I was in your mouth now,
darling, that crying, twisting mouth. But I will be, soon now. As soon as I can
take you down."

"Please!"

"Which I will do after David has a chance to enjoy you like that."

"Hah ho ha ho AAARRRGHHHHHHHHHHHH."

"Ask me to call him in, Susan."

"I can't."

"Ask me."

"I can't. Not that."

"Ask me."

"I can't I can't I can't don't oh I cant--"

"Ask me nicely."

"Unh. Unh. Unnnhhh. Unnnhhunnhhunnhhh. Do it."

"What?"

"Do it, yes, ask yes call him in."

"Ask me."

"Please--please...call him call him let him see it. Let him see it all. Take my
clothes off for him, let him watch me naked watch me hurt that's what you all
want, watch me hurting hurting god hurting god hurt it hurts Jesus call him let
him see I'll do it I'll do it for him too, strip me, I'll crawl for him too,
I'll suck him, I'll do it for him, I'll do anything, just make it stop, please
make it stop, please please aughhh I'll tell him he can have me, I'll strip
naked on my knees, I'll crawl."

"Lick my hand."

"Yes."

"Your breasts. So nice."

"Rip it. Rip it off. Hurt my breasts, just take me down."

"Let David hurt them."

"All right. I'll ask him to hurt them, I'll beg him."

"Will you light his cigarette for him, so he can stub it out on your nipples?"

"Ahh! Yes. Yes."

"Oh your thigh?"

"Yes."

"In your pussy?"

"Aughh! Ahh! Yes. Ah yes. Please. Please..."

"In a minute."

"Please!"

"Kiss me, Susan. Kiss me with your twisting lips. Kiss me.

Give me your tongue. All the way. Ahh. Twist against me, Susan.

Writhe. Hurting so bad, so bad, sweet pain-wracked thing. I'll call David now.
To watch that sexy body in torment. Cry harder,

Susan. Cry. Strain. The pain goes on. The agony goes on. All day all day all
day..."




DIALOGUE
By V.P. Viddler

"Do you know what a woman will do for a man when she has been hung up by her
hair for half an hour, with her hands lashed in back of her and no way to get
down?"

"I should think she'd do almost anything."

"That's right, Mr. Corliss. Almost anything. Only without the almost."

"How fascinating."

"Do you find it so?"

"I do."

"I thought you might."

"And if a woman is put into such a position, is it likely that she would be
wearing all her clothing?"

"It is not."

"Ah."

"As a matter of fact, probably no clothing at all."

"Ah. And would she be allowed to vocalize her undoubted unhappiness?"

"Hardly. That--unhappiness--is likely to be so agonizing that her screams might
easily disturb a neighbor or a passer-by. That cannot be allowed."

"Of course. And so this woman would have in her mouth--"

"A gag."

"Ah. And, as you say, she would be without clothing--"

"Naked."

"Ah.

"But not cold."

"No."

"No. In fact, most uncomfortably warm, to the point at which perspiration would
suffuse her body."

"And this discomfort would also result from her position, would it?"

"It most assuredly would."

"To such intensity that this woman's body would possibly twist and writhe in
pain and agony."

"That is a fair assumption, Mr. Corliss."

"Causing, I would assume, still further pain as her tightly pulled hair strains
so torturously at the lady's scalp."

"That is also fairly put, sir."

"I can envision the young lady's breasts--for any lady put into such a position
will certainly be young--and most attractive--"

"That is not for me to say, Mr. Corliss."

"Is it not? Ah. But the young lady's breasts--I say--would probably quiver most
alluringly, even as they thrust tautly outwards and upwards, with the strain of
the lady's position."

"That is probably the case, sir."

"And the lady's legs--"

"Oh, sir--"

"You pale, Miss Allistair."

"I--I am sorry."

"Not at all. What did I say that elicited such charming reactions? Was it the
thought of our--ah--hypothetical young lady's legs?"

"I--I think it was, Mr. Corliss."

"Ah. Do you think of them, as I do, twitching and shaking so that the thighs
ripple delightfully, wishing, aching, to kick and flail in wild abandon--but
constrained, held in restraint by the fact that such action would only add to
all that pain, all that agony and horror?"

"I--I do."

"Can you hear, as I can, Miss Allistair, the terror-filled, stifled groans and
choking gasps and pain-elicited, rattling moans that issue from around the
mouth-stopping gag?"

"I can, Mr. Corliss. Most plainly I can."

"Ah. And is that why, Miss Allistair, is that why you tremble as you sit across
from me? Is that why you cannot raise your eyes to look into mine? Is it, Miss
Allistair?"

"It is, Mr. Corliss."

"It is--memory."

"It is."

"Of participation in such a happening."

"Yes, sir."

"As the victim."

"That is correct, Mr. Corliss."

"And so, of course, you know first hand just what a woman will do for a man
after being in that position."

"I do."

"Say it again, Miss Allistair--if you please."

"Anything. Anything, Mr. Corliss. Anything at all. Without stint, without limit,
without regard to dignity or selfhood. I know. And I am with you because of it."

"Ah. And you will, if I desire it, accompany me to my apartment."

"I will."

"And what will you do that I might enjoy, Miss Allistair?"

"The gentleman who has brought me to you has taught me many ways to satisfy the
normally sadistic wants of a man."

"That education has been, I trust, painful."

"Most painful."

"Ah. And what ways will you employ?"

"That, sir, is up to you. If you commanded me to stand up, right now, in the
midst of this crowded room, and strip off all my clothing, baring my striped
body to the world--I would do so."

"And if I wish you to go down under this table and take into your beautiful
mouth that staff which this conversation has made so stiff--"

"Do you wish it, Mr. Corliss?"

"I do."

"I go."

"First think on going to my apartment, and pull out your hair pins, Miss
Allistair. Now."




DIANA DROPS HER PANTS
By V.P. Viddler

"Diana," I said. "Stand up."

A murmur of anticipation rose from the room full of men. Slowly and most
reluctantly, Diana got up and stood in front of me.

"In the middle of the room," I said.

Diana took a breath. Biting her lip, she moved to the center of the floor, the
object of the eager looks of every man there. Diana stood, waiting. Breath a bit
fast. Lips quivering. Tall, beautiful, long-legged, high-breasted. Waiting for
my commands. Her long dark hair hung down past her waist, and her rising and
falling breasts pushed out against her tight blouse. Her dark skirt showed the
curves of her magnificent calves. Her liquid brown eyes pleaded silently with
me.

I smiled.

"Diana," I said. "We all know you aren't wearing a bra. Isn't that right?"

Diana swallowed. "Yes," she said, her voice shaking.

"And why not, Diana?" I said.

"Because you--you told me not to," Diana got out.

"That's right," I said. "I told you not to. And you didn't, I can see that. All
of us can tell that by the way your sexy nipples stick out."

Diana got red.

"Don't blush, Diana," I said. "It's a pretty sight, and now I want to know this,
Diana. Are you wearing panties?"

Diana gulped. "P-panties?" she said.

"That's what I said. Panties. Are you?"

"I--I--y-yes," Diana said. "Yes, I am."

"Why?" I said.

"W-why? B-because I--I always--I always do--and you--you didn't say--"

"No," I said. "I didn't tell you not to wear panties. Do you know why, Diana?"

Diana shook her head.

"I can't hear you," I said.

"No!" Dinan gasped. "No. I--I don't."

"I'll tell you," I said. It's because I wanted to watch you take them off."

Diana was shaking now. "T-take..."

"Yes," I said. "I want you to take your panties off, Diana. Right now. Right
here. In front of us all. All of us are anxious to watch, I'm sure. So do it,
Diana. Take your panties off. Now."

Diana shook harder and tears dropped from her eyes. "M-must I?" she whispered.

"Diana," I said softly.

Diana's mouth twisted with fright. "All right," she gasped swiftly. "All--all
right. I--I will."

"What will you do, Diana?" I said, rubbing it in for her. "Tell us all what you
are going to do."

"I--I'm--going to--t-take m-my panties off," Diana whimpered.

"Good," I said. "Do it."

And with the wide gaze of all the men on her shaking form, Diana, with trembling
hands, groped beneath the bottom of her skirt, trying not to pull it up too
high, but still showing us the arousing expanse of her full, luscious,
mouth-watering thighs as she grasped the band of her panties. Blushing
furiously, crying quietly, Diana slid the silk briefs over her hips, still
exposing soft smooth thigh flesh, then slid them down, down her long sensuous
thighs, down her calves, and bowed in front of us to pull them off over her
shoes.

"Good," I said. "Drop them."

Diana did.

"Okay," I said. "Now you can sit down, Diana. Now that we all know you have
nothing on under that blouse and skirt. You can sit there knowing that we know
that you are naked under there. So vulnerable. Right, Diana?"

"Yes," Diana said.

"Now," I said. "Just to give the boys something to think about as they look at
your partially-clothed body, why don't you tell us about what I did to you last
night? That should be... stimulating."

"Oh god," Diana said.

"Or shall I do it--while you crawl around the floor in your short skirt. Hm?"

"No--"

"I'm waiting, Diana."

"I want to scream," Diana said.

"Shall I make you?" I said.

"No."

"Then crawl."

"I'm going to crawl," Diana said.

"Naked?" I said.

"I--"

"Hold her," I said.

Roy pinned her arms in back of her. Diana was panting. I got out a long pin.

"Ask me," I said.

Diana said, "No."

"You want to scream."

"I'll crawl for you."

"For all of us."

"For all of you. I'll crawl for all of you. My clothes will come off and--"

"Scream," I said, and I stuck the long pin into Diana's hard, throbbing nipple.
All the way.

She screamed.

I ripped her blouse apart. Roy let her go and Diana fell to the ground. And
crawled. Screaming. Crawled all around, and her skirt came off her naked legs
and she crawled in pain and ecstasy...




DOING IT FOR DADDY
By V.P. Viddler

"All right, look, I'm busy so talk fast. What is it you want?"

"I want my father to keep his job."

"Oh yeah? That's too bad, kiddo. He's out. Now you can go too."

"Damn it, wait a minute, all right? I said I want my father to keep his job. I
want that a lot."

"So?"

"So what do you want?"

"Damn. What are you saying, kid."

"I'm not a kid. As you damn well know. And I'm saying that I want my father to
have a job, and I'm willing to pay for it. What's your price?"

"Well, I'll be -- damn! Is that what this is about? I give your father back his
job and you give me -- what I want? Anything I want?"

"That's right. And don't tell me you don't want it."

"No, baby, I'm not gonna tell you that. You know damn will I want it. And just
how much of it will you give?"

"What the hell does that mean? All right, look. You want my body. I'm offering
it to you. And I won't haggle, all right? You can have it any way you want it."

"Hell, kid, you always said you couldn't stand the sight of me."

"That's right. That's still true. But --"

"And you always said you wouldn't let me touch you with a --"

"Okay, I know what I said, all right? And now I'm taking it back. I'm doing it
for my father. I damn well don't expect to enjoy it, if you want to know. That
probably makes you happy. If you want to rub my nose in it, that's your thing.
But you have to give me your word that you'll do your part. If you don't --"

"Oh, I'll do it all right, don't worry about that -- if we can make the right
arrangements."

"What does that mean? I told you, anything you want. Christ, what do you --"

"How many times?"

"What? Jesus. Once. That's enough for me, god knows, and it damn well is enough
for you too."

"No good, kiddo."

"What? Why you son of a bitch!"

"So long, kid."

"My god. What -- what is it you want?"

"Look, kid, it's gotta be tit for tat -- so to speak. I get that body just one
time -- okay. I'll give your father his job back -- for that day."

"You bastard!"

"But you want him to work for a while, right? Okay. But as long as he works, you
work too -- for me."

"You're crazy!"

"No, I'm not. Your pop will probably die without a job. I'll keep him on as long
as he lives, if you want. As long as you play along. And I'll double his salary.
How's that?"

"Christ! And I -- I have to --"

"That's right, kiddo. You'll be on call. Any time, any place, any way. I snap my
fingers, you come running. Is it a bargain?"

"You filthy son of a bitch."

"And that's not all, baby."

"That's not all? Jesus, how much more can you want?"

"I'll show you. Come over here."

"Why?"

"This is a test, kid. Your pop stands or falls right here, right now. You don't
do what I say, quick and smart, like a good little slut, it's no deal. You want
to come over here or not."

"All right. All right. You win."

"I win."

WHAP.

"Aaaaaghh!"

"Stand still."

"What --"

WHAP!

"Aauughh! No!"

"Stand still, I said."

"For god's --"

WHAP!

"Nauughh! Christ! Is this --"

WHAP!

"Unnhh -- Unnnhhh! Oohh Jesus! Is -- is this what you want?"

"This is part of it. You said anything, didn't you, kid?"

"But I --"

WHAP!

"Haughh! Yes. All right. Yes. I said anything."

"Is your mouth good and sore now? Does it hurt?"

"Damn you! Yes."

"Good. I want it that way. I want it wrapped around my cock. Will you do that
for me, kiddo?"

"Right now?"

"Right now. On your knees, kid, that's it. Here it is. Do it nice now. Do it for
Daddy."

"You suck cock damn well, kid."

"Thanks. What now? You going to whip me?"

"Not with your clothes on, baby."

"Oh. Does that mean you want me to take them off?"

"You don't sound too happy about that, kiddo."

"No kidding."

"Now I myself can hardly wait to see you naked."

"I figured that, all right."

"You don't want to be too smart, kid."

"I don't?"

"No, you don't. Honest you don't. Say you're sorry."

"Oh, god."

"Say it. Now."

"All right. I'm sorry. Okay?"

"No. Say it again. And mean it this time."

"I -- I'm sorry. I am, I'm sorry."

"That's a bit more convincing, but not much."

"Can I get up now?"

"No. Stay that way. I like you down there on your knees."

"I thought you wanted to see my body. I can't take my clothes off so well down
here."

"Are you trying to be smart again?"

"I -- no. No, I'm not."

"Good. Crawl for me."

"What?"

"I said crawl. You know. On all fours? Like a dog? Around the room. Go on."

"You want me to crawl?"

"That's what I said."

"I don't want to -- Oh Jesus. All right. All right. I'll crawl."

"Now that's an inspiring sight. Just look at that. Isn't this the girl who told
me she would never let me touch her in a million years? Not for a million
dollars? Wasn't that you, baby?"

"Yes. That was me."

"And here you are now, crawling around on my floor like an animal. Or like a
slave. Isn't that right, kiddo? Don't stop. Just answer my question."

"Yes. That's right. I'm crawling, like an animal, all right? And you're getting
a sick kick out of it."

"That's right, baby. In fact, watching you crawling that way is making me hard
again. What do you think we should do about that?"

"I would bet that probably what we're going to do about it is that I'm going to
take my clothes off and you're going to make me fuck you."

""Well, that's probably right. But I'm afraid you've forgotten something."

"Oh? What's that?"

"I'm probably going to hurt you first."

"Oh. Yes. I should have known that, shouldn't I? How are you planning to do
that?"

"Ah. I must think about that. But I know. Oh, I'm so glad I didn't give up
smoking."

"What -- what do you --"

"Did I say you could stop crawling? Did I?"

"Wait -- what -- if you --"

"Oh, all right. You may stand up now."

"You're not -- you don't mean to --"

"I want to see your breasts now."

"I won't do it. Not if you --"

"Show me your breasts."

"I -- All right. I'll show them to you. I'll be good for you. You don't want to
-- Here. All right?"

"Bring them to me."

"Wait. Wait, please. Look. I'll -- I'll do anything you want --"

"I know that. Bring them to me. That's it."

"Please. Please don't. Not that. I -- I'll -- no. Please. Don't. No. Please. Oh
god please. Not that please anything I'll do -- I'll -- No! No please! Please
don't! No. No! Oh Christ -- no -- HHAAAAAAAUUUUUUUGGGHHHHHHHHHHH No hunnhh
hunnhh hhunngghh hauhh augghh no no no please god please no please --"

"Call me darling."

"Darling. Darling. Please darling don't not again darling let me fuck you I'll
darling please I no darling don't darling I'm begging oh Jesus oh dear lord ohh
darling nooo WWAAAAAAAAGH. Darling! Haugghh! Darling! HEEEEESWEETMARY DARLING
HAUUUGH No Darling Please Darling darling darling darling --"

"Will you fuck me now?"

"Oh yes yes oh yes please yes anything you want Darling look I'm naked for you I
want to fuck you don't hurt me oh god darling now fucking NNNN..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"No, swallow it, darling. Swallow it again, all of it. That's it. Again.
Swallow. Good. Ah. That was magnificent. Your mouth is fabulous, kiddo. Just
fabulous."

"Thanks. Can I go now?"

"No."

"God, why not? You can't want it again, for god's --"

"I don't."

"So why can't I go?"

"Just because you want to so much. Just to show my power over you."

"Oh Christ!"

"And maybe I can think up things for you to do that will amuse me -- and put me
back in the mood."

"Oh Jesus, I'll just bet you can."

"You'd win if you did."

"All right. Like what?"

"Like licking the floor."

"The floor is filthy!"

"That's the point, you see."

"And so are you."

"Did you enjoy our little session before? With the cigarettes? Did you, my
dear?"

"You know I didn't. I -- I've been good, haven't I?"

"And you will continue to be, won't you?"

"Yes. Yes, I will."

"Good. Lick the floor."

"Ohh --"

"Lick it thoroughly, darling. Yes. Just do it until I say you can stop. That's
fine. Harder now. All right. Stop."

"Damn you."

"What?"

"I'm sorry."

"That's just to show you who's boss, baby. Now I've got a really exciting task
for you."

"What?"

"I want you to pleasure my dog."

"What!"

"Now don't worry, kiddo, you don't acutally have to fuck him -- not unless I
want to punish you, such as for disobeying orders -- but I think old Tray would
enjoy that fantastic mouth as much as I do. I want you to suck him off for me."

"You're mad!"

"Am I?"

"That's disgusting! That's -- it's loathesome! Abominable! If you think --"

"I do think. I want you to suck my dog's cock. And you will."

"I won't! I will not! I can't! For god's -- I can't do that! I can't!"

"All right. I'll just try out those cigarettes again. Sit still, kid."

"No. No. Not that again. Look. I -- I'm doing what you want, okay? But this --
this is -- it's impossible -- I --"

"Spread your legs."

"Oh Jesus no. Please no. Oh sweet Christ. Don't do that. Not again. All right.
I'll do it. I will. I'll do it. All right."

"What will you do, darling?"

"I -- I'll suck the dog. I will. I'll -- I'll suck him off. All right?"

"And swallow his gism, just like mine?"

"Ahh. God. Yes. All right. Yes."

"Say it."

"I -- I'll swallow his gism. Just like I did yours. All right? You don't have to
-- please don't --"

"Darling?"

"What?"

"Ask me to let you do it."

"What?"

"Should I burn you now?"

"No! No please no!"

"Ask me to let you suck my dog's cock. Ask me nice. Beg me. In detail. And mean
it. all right?"

"Yes. Yes. I will. I -- please let me suck your dog's cock. Please. I -- I'm
begging you, I want to do it, I --"

"What is it you want to do, darling?"

"I want to suck the dog. Please. Please let me suck the dog. Please let me suck
him until he comes in my mouth and let me swallow it. Please. I beg you. Please.
Oh God. Please let me do it, let me suck the dog, please oh please --"

"Well now. Ain't that something. I guess you'll do just about anything for your
dear old daddy. And to avoid more pain, of course. And you know what? I think
your daddy should know about what you're doing for him."

"No!"

"Oh, I think such sacrifice as this should not go unappreciated. I know your
daddy will be proud of you."

"No! Christ, no! You can't! It would kill him! He'll -- Jesus, no. Not that.
I'll do anything. Don't do that. Please. Please."

"Darling girl."

"No. Please."

"As soon as you finish sucking off my dog, I'm gonna call your old daddy in here
and just let him see what his sweet young daughter will do for him. I'm gonna
let you do some of it, in fact, right in front of him. Won't that be fun?"

"What do you want me to do? I'll do anything, if you don't do that, anything in
the world. Just name it. Please."

"I want you to suck your daddy's dick, kid."

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"I did it for you, Daddy. Please, it was for you, I did it all for you."

"For me you did it? Whore! Slut! Filth! For me!"

"Daddy, please don't hate me, please --"

"Look at you! Naked harlot!"

"Nice body though, isn't it, dad. Hard to think she's your kid, you know?"

"She's not my daughter now."

"Daddy! I beg you!"

"Whore! Slut! I will not take your dirty job."

"Too bad, dad, the kid worked hard for it. And I mean hard. What a mouth she's
got, that kid of yours."

"Stop!"

"Man, it's so soft and warm and moist and round, and --"

"Stop! Please!"

"And she uses it so good. Takes my whole cock inside it, and just sucks it and
licks it and kisses it, so slowly, so gorgeously, that you want it to go on
forever. You know? You want to see, dads? You want to watch that? She'll do it
if I say so. She'll do it for you, if I say so. Right, kid?"

"I beg you --"

"Just look at her, pop. Is that something? I tied her up that way so you could
get a good look at her. You probably never saw her naked -- not since adulthood,
anyway. How about those breasts? You want to touch them, dad? Do it. She can't
stop you. She can't do anything. I think my favorite part is her legs. Damn.
Look at those curves, those lines. Catch the quivering of her thghs in that
straining position. That's why I put her up that way. Look how those arms
stretching up over her head pull her breasts up and out. Giving us a fine shot
at those pretty pink nipples. And those legs spread apart, straining so tautly,
toes groping for the floor. Just standing there, helpless. I love it, although I
didn't have to do that. This girl will do anything I say. Because she's afraid
of the kind of pain I can give her. Would you like to watch that?"

"This little slut should be punished."

"No! Daddy no! For god's sake please no! Don't say that!"

"You want to see her dance, pop? Dance with pain? You want to watch your sexy
daughter dance for you? Just as she is? I can make her dance and scream and go
crazy with pain and agony and horror. Can't I, darling? Can't I?"

"Yes. Yes, you can. You can. Please don't. I'll do anything."

"Will you suck your daddy's dick for him?"

"I -- yes. If -- if he wants it. Yes. I will. Just don't --"

"Say it darling. Say it all."

"I -- I will suck my daddy's cock for him. I -- I will go down on my knees and
kiss it and lick it and I will take it into my mouth and I will suck slowly,
slowly, and when he comes in my mouth I will swallow and swallow and swallow --
oh god -- please don't do that -- Daddy don't let him do that -- Daddy, I'll do
anything -- I'll fuck you -- I'll give you my body, Daddy, I'll fuck you any way
you want, you can please don't Daddy I did it for you please --"

"What do you say, dad?"

"Do it."

"No! No! Please ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh AAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!"

"Again?"

"Again."

"HAAAUUUUGHHH! AAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEE. No No Let me die let me die I want to die."

"Cut her down. I want to piss on her. I piss on you, whore slut filthy daughter.
Drink it, drink my piss."

"Tell your daddy what you are. As I whip you, darling."

"Haugh! Darling. I am piss, I am shit, I -- Haughh! Darling! I am nothing, I am
a slave, a slut, a whore, I will -- HOOUUGHH! Darling! Please AARRRGHH No!
Darling! I am yours, Daddy, do anything you want to me -- Naaughh! Darling! Fuck
-- fuck my ass, my tight virgin ass, please no SSSSSSSSSSSS! Kill me fuck my ass
whip my breasts shit on me NNNAUGHH! Darling! Watch me crawl, Daddy, I'll crawl
for you, I'll crawl all you want, I'm crawling D-D-DARLING! All right hurt me
I'll scream for you I'll scream and howl and twist and squirm and moan and kick
and fuck all day long AHH..."




EVERY HOUR
By V.P. Viddler

Lisa didn't know which of the boys it was. The blindfold saw to that.

He didn't talk, only making grunting sounds, happy, piggish rutting grunts as he
did it to her. long grunts and short grunts, doing it and doing it as she lay
helpless and taut beneath him, spread and straining, all of her open and unable
to move, to fight, because of the strong tight ropes binding wrists and ankles
to the bedposts.

Not that his voice would help to identify him; Lisa didn't know any of them,
except for Tom.

Her younger brother, Tom.

Who had put her here.

And brought six boys to do this to her. What this boy was doing to her.

And for her to do things to them. For them. Which Lisa wouldn't do.

It didn't matter how much it hurt.

But they thought if they hurt her enough she would do it. Them.

Lisa didn't want to think so. But it didn't stop. It had no stop. How long had
it been? How many hours with boys raping her continually. Not continually. But
spasmodically. But steadily. And hurting her. Awful hurt. Agony.

But no. She wouldn't.

They knew she would.

Lisa was afraid she would too.

And now the boy was grunting hard, almost shouting, and now he was pounding on
her body and spurting into her.

And Lisa was afraid. Now more pain.

But she wouldn't.

How many times? Every hour. Every hour on the hour, she could hear a clock
striking and a boy would come in and Lisa couldn't see which boy it was and
couldn't talk with the thick gag in her mouth and couldn't do anything to stop
his hands on her body and his body on hers and his cock going into her and his
fucking, his slow or fast or hard or soft fucking and his grunting or giggling
or panting or taunting as he did it to her.

And then standing up. A striking of a match. An inhalation, a blowing out of
smoke. Into her face.

"Will you do it, Lisa?"

Taut, shaking, biting at the gag, Lisa stubbornly shaking her head. And then
pain.

Agony.

Screaming horrible agony of a hot burning cigarette slowly, slowly ground out on
her breast. Slowly twisting burning into soft tender helpless flesh. Lisa
arching against her bonds and screaming into the gag.

And the door closing.

Lying for an hour.

A door opening.

Raping.

Asking.

Burning.

And now this boy was standing up. Lisa could not help whimpering with the
striking of the match. Shaking her head.

Inahalation. Exhalation.

Oh god have mercy I can't please sweet Jesus help me I can't no not again I
can't I can't I can't---

"Will you do it, Lisa?"

No! Mewling into the gag. No! Don't! No! I can't! Crying.

Lisa was nodding. Moaning into the gag. Sobbing. Nodding. Nodding hard, fast.

"You will?"

Nodding. Crying. I can't, I can't, no more.

The boy was at the door.

"I got her," he said.

Crying, sobbing into the gag. All the boys came into the room. Someone pulling
off the blindfold. Tom grinning down at her.

"I knew you would, Lisa." Undoing her gag, pulling it out. "Say it."

No.

"Say it, Lisa."

The boy standing with the cigarette. Waiting.

"I'll do it," Lisa said, crying.

"You'll do what?" Tom said. "Say it. Say it or I'll burn you till you do."

Lisa was sobbing, body shaking, naked and helpless in front of them all.

"I'll suck your cocks," Lisa said, crying, sobbing.

"Say it again," Tom said, grinning.

"I'll suck your cocks," Lisa said.

"Say it again."

"I'll suck your cocks."

"Again."

"I'll suck your cocks."

"Tell us you want to, Lisa."

"I want to."

"You want to what, Sis?"

"I want to suck your cocks."

"Burn her," Tom said. "Just so she'll do it right."

"No! I will! I will! I swear I will!"

The boy did it slowly, grinning at her eyes, squeezing one breast while grinding
the cigarette into the other, and all the boys watching Lisa arching and
straining and bucking and flailing and Tom now fucking his sister and raping her
and then Lisa was untied and crawling from boy to boy and taking each cock into
her mouth and sucking slowly crying and swallowing all day...




THE EXECUTIVE
By V.P. Viddler

Her name was Lynn, and she was a highly successful corporation executive, with
an extravagantly lavish office high up in an important midtown building. Company
heads did her bidding; co- workers and underlings shook at a look from her sharp
brown eyes.

But right now she was on the floor of that office, on hands and knees, crawling
in front of the two impassive men sitting and watching her. She was crawling
slowly around the room and crying. Her blouse was unbuttoned, her breasts
falling out, bare, swaying as she moved. Her panties clung about her knees. Tim
had told her to pull them down as she was crawling, to leave them around her
knees. Lynn's light brown lustrous hair was falling about her face. Her skirt
did not conceal her moving, smooth, curving thighs.

Crawling for the two watching men, Lynn was moaning, gasping, sobbing. Lynn
hated Tim for doing this to her. And she hated herself for allowing it.

For wanting it.

For craving it.

The second man was Arthur. Arthur had not known Lynn before this. Tim had
brought him to her office and said he was going to exhibit her for him. And that
was what he was doing.

Exhibiting her.

To this stranger.

Showing her off. Showing how she would do anything he told her. Showing what a
base, filthy, dirty animal slave Lynn was for him. Showing how she could not
stop herself from giving in to his degradation of her. His humiliating
debasement. His parading her body, her soul, her absolute sublimation in
accordance with his commands.

It was the middle of a highly busy and important day at her firm. "No," Lynn had
said, trying to say it firmlly, stomach turning, sinking, not looking at this
Arthur's face. "No, I can't. Not now, Tim, I can't. And anyway--"

And Tim had smiled. And simply locked the door. And sat down. And waited.

And Lynn had started to tremble.

To whimper.

To shake her head.

To pant.

To sob.

All without saying a word.

And Lynn had begun to beg.

As Tim waited.

And finally Lynn had sunk to her knees on the floor.

"What do you want me to do?" Lynn said.

"You see?" Tim had said to Arthur, and Arthur was grinning happily.

Tim had told her what to do.

And Lynn now was crawling, with her luscious breasts dangling, and her panties
binding her knees, crying, showing that she was nothing but a crawling,
obedient, animalistic slut slave, who would do anything in the world without
being able to stop defiling her own selfhood.

Lynn, crawling, sobbing, moaning, knew what was coming. Arthur was to be the
beneficiary of Tim's vanity and Lynn would be his tool. Tim would watch
approvingly as Lynn satisfied Arthur in any way he sought. And all ways. With
her body. With her mouth. With her anus. With her vagina. Arthur would have them
all. And breasts, thighs, buttocks, hips, hair, nipples, anything Arthur wanted.

And Tim would have them also. Lynn knew she would soon be sandwiched by the two
of them, screaming in pain and helpless frantic, unwilling passion, while out in
the office work went on without her. Climaxing involuntarily as Tim and Arthur
laughed, Tim forcing his penis into her mouth until she was gagging on it,
howling around it until his gism choked the howls and forced her to swallow or
strangle.

Hours of fucking, sucking, crawling.

And finally, when both men had drained themselves again and again, Tim's
ultimate way of reviving his passion and flaunting his mastery.

The pain.

The awful unbearable searing agony of Tim's cigar. Ground out against Lynn's
cringing flesh. Anywhere.

It could go two ways. Or both. Arthur holding her hands behind her back as she
stood, or above her head as she lay, as Tim slowly and gloatingly brought that
glowing cigar closer, closer to Lynn's shaking body. Or, possibly worse--Tim
forcing her to do it to herself. Waiting, watching her with his cigar in hand,
waiting for Lynn to grind it out on her own nipple. Slowly. Gradually. Twisting
and screaming "NO..."




FAMILY VALUES
By V.P. Viddler

Part 1
"I do admire your dedication," I said to David, gazing at the straining body of
his wife and listening to the moaning, panting sounds she was making as the long
sharp spikes began to dig into her skin, making her arch her exhausted body
still further off the ground.

"Thank you," David said.

"How long does Myra have to go?"

"Oh, only about another hour."

"I don't think she can do it," I said, noting the agonized face and effortfully
straining torso and trembling, taut-muscled thighs.

"But she has no choice," David said.

Myra was gasping with a horrible throaty sound.

"Would you like to strip her?" David said.

"Now?"

"Of course. Isn't it a delicious thought?"

"It is."

"Do it. Think of how Myra's body will look naked, arching and straining and
writhing as she is."

"I can hardly wait," I said.

"And for a final fillip, you can fuck her if you want to."

"You mean--while she's--"

"That's right."

"It would kill her."

"No. I've done it many times. It's hard on her, but Myra has an enormous will to
live. She won't give in."

"But she's practically exhausted right now. I'm afraid if you don't--"

"No, my friend. Don't worry. This is the best time. To watch her fighting for
life, utterly exhausted to the limit, full of pain and agony, and still
fighting, fighting not to collapse. Straining with all her aching, burning
muscles to stay alive, to hold that body in that horribly agonizing but so
beautifully arousing position. It is at such times that I lust for her most.
Isn't that right, Myra?"

Myra said, "Huh. Hauh. Hah. Huhh. Hauh. Auhh. Unnhh. Haaooowww."

"Go ahead," David said. "Strip her. Strip her naked."

But as I was about to do that, David's young daughter came down the stairs.

"Ah," David said. "Do you know my lovely daughter Lisa? Lisa, this is Mister
Dirkson."

"How do you do?" Lisa said, and glanced swiftly from me to Myra to David. And I
saw that Lisa's hands were fastened at her back with a pair of shiny handcuffs.

"Perhaps," David said, "you would enjoy stripping Lisa instead?"

"I would," I said.

"Lisa," David said.

Lisa had swift tears in her eyes. "Please, Daddy," she said.

"Lisa," David said. "You are a lot younger than your mother. You could stay as
she is for twice as long."

Lisa swallowed.

"Go to Mister Dirkson," David said.

"Daddy--"

"On your knees," David said.

Lisa dropped to her knees and crawled awkwardly along the floor toward me, her
hands pulling automatically at the handcuffs, her round full breasts moving
against her blouse, her skirt dragging up on her luscious thighs.

"Stand," I said, and Lisa got up.

Myra's loud gasps inflamed my body.

"Strip for me, Lisa," I said, and I saw David nod approval.

"I can't," Lisa said. "My hands."

"Do it," I said. "You have just twenty minutes. If in that time you are not
utterly naked, I'll ask David to put you in Myra's place and I'll fuck the shit
out of you."

Lisa frantically began to try to strip herself. As I watched her squirming,
twisting, straining gyrations my cock got hard.

"What a body," I said. "I want my cock inside you, Lisa."

David now got down and straddled Myra's body, taking out his dick and placing it
at her lips. "Come on, darling," he said. "Suck it. Open up and suck your
husband's prick, you luscious pain-filled thing you."

And Myra did. Gasping and choking around David's cock as she strained in that
agonizing arch, which still allowed the sharp tips to dig into her taut back.
And Lisa was sobbing and trying vainly to strip all her clothing off.

I grabbed hold of her long yellow hair and hauled her against me. "Kiss me,
Lisa," I said. "Kiss me and get me all hot so I can fuck you against the
spikes."

"Don't," Lisa whimpered. "I'll be good to you. I'll crawl and I'll squirm and
I'll do anything you want. I'll--"

I slapped her. "Kiss me, you cocksucker!"

Lisa put her mouth on mine and opened her soft lips and I raped her mouth and I
bit her as Myra choked and JoAnn was still hanging...

 

Part 2
JoAnn had started it all.

She always wore miniskirts. Always. Nothing but miniskirts. All day long.
Walking around in school day after day in those short short skirts. And no bra.
That was obvious. JoAnn had damn good breasts, and bouncing and jiggling around
inside that tight top, they could drive a man crazy. But it was her legs that
did it. Those curving flexing calves and most of all those thighs. Those long,
luscious, soft-looking, firm-looking, sensual, voluptuous, mouth-watering,
mouth-drying thighs. Which flashed at you all day in the halls, all night in
your fantasies.

I couldn't stand it. I called JoAnn into my office.

I had no reason for it. I didn't know what I was going to say to her. But I had
to have that young thigh-baring breast- bouncing girl at my command.

JoAnn came in. Thighs, tits and all. Long black hair. Sharp brown eyes. She sat
down. And didn't pull her skirt down. And saw me looking. And crossed her
thighs. I still watched them. I devoured them. And I saw JoAnn smiling. JoAnn
knew why I had called her in. To look at her thighs.

I said, "JoAnn--you are a bitch."

And JoAnn said, "I know. But so what? You like to look at my thighs."

"I'd like to--"

"What?" JoAnn said.

I didn't care any more. I was through. I didn't give a shit. And I said, "I'd
like to whip you."

"I know," JoAnn said. "But you'd have to stuff my panties in my mouth, so I
couldn't yell too loud."

"What?" I said stupidly.

"And you'd probably have to tie me down first, or I'd try to run away."

"JoAnn," I said. "What do you think you're doing?"

"I think I'm getting you hot," JoAnn said. "If you think about having me tied
down across that desk, my mouth gagged with my own panties, all naked, and
squirming around like mad while you whip my body all over--my thighs--and my
tits--and all--I think you'll get so hot that you'll just come and I can go
home."

"Why you--"

"Bitch," JoAnn said. "Do you want to kiss me?"

"Christ. I don't--I can't--"

"I'll only ask you once," JoAnn said.

"I do," I said.

"Okay." JoAnn got up and then lay down on the floor on her back. "Do it."

"Holy shit!" I said, but I got down and lay on top of her. All along that soft
curving body. I spread her legs with mine.

"No," JoAnn said. "Just kiss me."

"Shut up," I said. I took her hands and pulled them over her head, spread them
out and pinned them down. Now JoAnn was stretched, spread and flattened under
me. I felt all of her and I felt her squirming and writhing and twisting and she
felt my hard- on. JoAnn was panting. So was I.

"Okay," she said. "Kiss me, you bastard."

I kissed her and I pumped my hips at her. Then she ripped our mouths apart and
put her lips to my ear, wriggling and humping into me.

"Do it," JoAnn rasped. "Whip me. You're whipping me. You're whipping all over my
naked body. Slashing my thighs. Lashing my ass and my back. Whipping my breasts.
My nipples. Making me scream through my gagging panties."

"Bitch," I said, dry fucking, pounding. "Bitch."

"Think of it," JoAnn said, rolling and bucking. "My body whipped to ribbons. And
now you're fucking me. Fucking, raping me. Raping my body. My cunt. My ass.
Making me suck you. Raping my mouth. Hurting me, hitting my thighs, pinching my
nipples, slapping me, fucking me, fucking JoAnn, fucking, fucking--"

"I want you," I said.

"You can't have me," JoAnn said, and she kicked my balls so hard I rolled away.
And JoAnn got up and ran out, laughing.

And that was why JoAnn was now in David's living room, hanging from the ceiling
by her wrists. Naked. With awful marks all over that voluptuous young body. With
stripes all up and down her back. And thighs. And ass. And thighs. With
fantastically agonizing clamping things digging into her tortured nipples.
Twisting and squirming and flailing and kicking at the end of that body-
stretching rope, howling and shrieking in horrible pain and agony through a
spike-studded gagging ball. Waiting. Waiting for me to finish with her
punishment.

I grin up at her, watching those magnificent kicking thighs as I fuck my
gorgeous sobbing straining Lisa. Fuck. Fuck...




FAT CHARLIE
By V.P. Viddler

"Kiss the floor, Miranda," Fat Charlie said.

And the girl who was lying on her stomach with her wrists tied together behind
her back did as he said, her long blonde hair spreading over the polished wood
floor as her soft lips pressed against that floor as if kissing a lover with
utmost passion.

"Kiss it good," Fat Charlie said, and Miranda's head moved from side to side as
she caressed the hard wood with her mouth, her tongue licking at it, little
whimpers coming out of her throat. Her body writhed slowly against the floor,
her breasts flattened on it, her hips fucking it. She was fucking that floor for
Fat Charlie.

And Fat Charlie laughed.

Later, in bed with her, I told her to do to me what she had done to the floor.

In the morning Fat Charlie made her lie naked across the table while we ate. Her
hands were still tied. Fat Charlie used Miranda's hair for a napkin.

And when we finished eating he used her breasts for an ash tray. And he used her
yelling mouth as a convenient hole to fuck in. Her howls choked on his sperm
when he shot it down her throat.

Fat Charlie was a filthy slob. But I couldn't disguise the fact that I loved
what he did to Miranda. I loved it all. Charlie knew that. Miranda knew that.

Miranda begged me to take her away from Fat Charlie. I told Fat Charlie about
it. Fat Charlie brought six of his cronies around and turned them loose on
Miranda. I watched as they used her. As she crawled for them. As she fucked and
sucked and drank piss, I looked her in the eye and I smiled.

Fat Charlie hung her up by her wrists and all of them whipped her. I took hold
of the long yellow hair and pulled it, pulling her head back, tautening the
helpless arch of Miranda's body as they whipped her breasts, and while she
screamed I gazed into her tortured eyes. I kissed her contorted mouth and I
fucked her twisting, squirming body in the ass as they lashed and lashed all
over her.

In bed that night I held her hair and fucked her and made her tell me all about
what had happened to her. I kicked her out of the bed and told her to crawl to
Fat Charlie's room and suck his cock. Miranda hated to suck Fat Charlie's cock.

Fat Charlie was her father.

I was her brother.

Miranda had seduced me with her body to get me to take her away from Fat
Charlie. I had fucked her naked body for four days before I told Charlie about
that. Charlie had laughed and spread her out on the living room floor and pulled
her body as tight as it would go and burned her all over with cigarettes for
hours and hours. She screamed so loud and squirmed and writhed and twisted so
hard that I came just from her pain, and my come spattered on her body, and Fat
Charlie laughed and told me to fuck her. And I fucked Miranda's tautly stretched
naked, aching body while she howled and bucked under me, and then I fucked her
mouth, and we kept her there for days, fucking and burning and torturing her.

And now when Fat Charlie tells her to kiss the floor, Miranda kisses it
passionately, fucking it with her body, and whimpering...




FLASHBACK
By V.P. Viddler

"John, this is Linda. Good morning, Linda. Lovely as always."

"Thank you."

"As I look at you, Linda, I can't help thinking of the way I saw you last. Do
you remember?"

"Yes."

"Of course you do. I hardly think you could forget. Would you like to tell John
about it?"

"No."

"Ah. But you will. But let me recall it for you...in detail."

"Please..."

"I think of it often, Linda, and each time I do I get hard. As I am now,
picturing it. Picturing you..."

"Don't..."

"You were naked, of course. Stark, stark naked. I don't need to describe the
luscious perfection of your body. John will find it out for himself soon enough.
But what made it so lustfully delicious was the way you were spread out. What a
sight you made, Linda! Your arms and legs pulled wide, stretched to the utmost,
holding you so taut that the bones and muscles stood out against your skin. Your
whole body, so open and exposed and helpless, straining, straining so
agonizingly that your lovely face was twisted with the awful pain. And
then...the whipping began."

"Don't! Oh god, don't!"

"That's what you howled then, Linda, as the whip came down across your back. Ah,
lord, your screams were music to us! How you screamed! You tried to twist away,
to squirm and jerk under the lash, but you couldn't; your limbs were stretched
so tightly, you could not move your body. Only your full, upthrust breasts
moved. And your head. Your head whipped about so that your long hair flew around
your face. And then...they tied your hair to the beam, so not even your head
could move. Only your breasts. And with each slash of the whip, those luscious
breasts shuddered; as it struck your body, they jerked, juddered, and then shook
and bounced. While nothing else moved. Those nipples hard and thrusting with
pain and fright. And then...they began to whip those too..."

"Oh god. Oh my god, help me. Oh mercy. Anything...I'll do anything...Oh
no...NOOOO..."




FRAGMENT
By V.P. Viddler

Harry Barrington arriving home found himself in a nightmare.

His wife, Betsy, thirty-eight, was hanging by her hair from the living room
chandelier, stark naked, wrists tied tightly in back of her, mouth tightly
gagged, body straining as she stood on her toes, still-high firm breasts
quivering, nipples stiff with fright, eyes wide with horror.

His daughter Emily, nineteen, was lying spread eagled across the dining room
table, wrists and ankles bound to its legs, body taut, stark naked, mouth
tightly gagged, stretched so tightly she could move nothing but her head.

His daughter Judy, seventeen, was tied on her knees on the kitchen floor, stark
naked, ankles bound, thighs bound, elbows lashed together behind her back, hands
useless, breasts pulled up and out, hair bound with rope secured to a ring in
the floor, pulling her head back sharply, pulling her mouth open. She was not
gagged.

His daughter Karen, fifteen, was bent over a desk in his study, stark naked,
wrists bound to one side, ankles to the other, breasts crushed against the hard
surface, long hair hanging off one side.

His sister, Diana, twenty-six, was hanging upside-down from her ankles in the
bathroom, stark naked, hair hanging, breasts shaking, fine long legs pulling
taut with strain, mouth tightly gagged.

His maid, Sonya, twenty-two, was crawling around the floor, stark naked, crying,
moaning, gasping, and sucking the cocks of all six of the strange men who waited
for him, each in his turn.

"Your maid has a damn good mouth," the first man said.

"I know," Harry Barrington said. "I've used it many times. Sonya knows that if I
am to be kept from informing the immigration authorities about her, I must be
kept happy. I make her keep me happy with that mouth. But I have not sampled the
mouths of myh daughters. Have you?"

"No," the man said. "As you were not here to watch."

"You think I do not wish to watch? My dear sir, I will join you. Which shall it
be first? But I see you have positioned Judy ideally for that purpose. Shall we
start with her?"

"If raping your daughters, your wife, your family, will not move you," said the
man, "We will have to torture them."

"In that case," Barrington said, "may I suggest starting with my sister Diana?
For many years I have wished to hear that silly bitch howling in agony. But of
course my daughter Karen, being so young, may produce a wilder variety of sound.
And I must say I did not realize that Karen had such soft, voluptuous thighs. As
a candidate for rapine, I would pick her; but then I know what my wife is like.
And no one is better at cock-sucking. I assure you, sir, my wife's mouth is as
delicious as a warm bath. And if you force her to suck you off just after a
hard, long session with the whip--"

"You have such a whip?"

"But of course."

"I will use it on your wife as she is now. How it will hurt!"

"With your permission, I will have my daughter Judy employ that luscious mouth
upon my prick as I watch. As for Emily--"

"Stop!" the man said. "I cannot elicit information from you if you will not cry
out against the mass raping of your family."

"Did you try pissing in Judy's mouth?" Barrington said. "What a fabulous toilet
she makes!"

"If I must--"

"And Diana upside-down! How fascinating! Can you just raise her up a bit, enough
to allow me to put my cock in her mouth, as I snap my fingernails against those
fine pink nipples and rejoice in her awful cries of agony? But to fuck Karen in
the ass--to try out Emily's arousingly straining, immobile body--to watch
darling Betsy swinging from her hair as my cigar tip kisses so painfully, so
agonizingly, so excitingly, her fantastic bosm, that gag giving its own pleasure
as she forces muffled sounds through it, and you whip that soft frantic body..."




THE GATHERING
By V.P. Viddler

"Sally."

"I'm sorry. John, I'm sorry. I apologize. I didn't--"

"But you did."

"I--I didn't mean--"

"Too late, Sally."

"No!"

"Yes. I am afraid I shall have to discipline you again."

"No! Please, John, no! I'm sorry, I--I'll do anything--"

"Shut up, Sally."

"Ohh..."

"I'm sure Mr. Smith would like you to be punished for what you said. Isn't that
right, sir?"

"Damn!"

"I agree. Sally, I think we should invite Mr. Smith to a little gathering
tonight."

"Ohh god--"

"Invite him, Sally. Ask him graciously. You know what to do."

"Mr. Smith--I would like to invite you to my apartment this evening. For an
exhibition of discipline and humiliation, featuring myself. Will you come?"

"I certainly will, my dear. I am looking forward to it."

"Thank you, sir."

"Sally--you will now call all of our acquaingances and invite them."

"Yes, sir."

"Gentlemen--this is Sally."

"Good evening, gentlemen. I would like to welcome you to this exhibition of
my...of my submission and docility."

"And pain."

"And...pain."

"And bondage."

"And bondage."

"Go on."

"And humiliation. And...sex."

"Play the tape, Sally."

"Yes, master."

"This is a tape recording of Sally during our preliminary session earlier today.
I think you may find it--stimulating. Sally, you will stand facing us all while
this tape is playing, so we can watch your reaction as you recall the
circumstances."

"Yes, sir."

"Push the button."

"Yes, sir."

"Dance."

WHAP!

"AAAAAAAAUUUUURRRGGGGGHHH!"

"Dance for me, Sally."

WHAPPP.

"HAOWWOAAAOORRR!"

"Dance harder!"

CRRRAAACKKK!

"HAUU AUAUGGH!"

"That's right."

"NO OH ARR UNH UNH UNH DON'T I CAN'T I CAN'T NO."

"I will play this lovely tape for our guests tonight, Sally."

"Oh god please--"

"Tell them what you will do, Sally."

"UNHUNNH. UNHUNH. AUGH. ARGH. I--I--I--"

"What will you do, Sally?"

"No, please, no! I--I'll crawl. Crawl. I'll crawl. I'll do it. Naked. I'll crawl
naked. I'll eat shit. I--"

"Turn it off."

"Damn!"

"Make her strip. Make her strip off. I want to watch her showing us her body."

"No, I want her to--"

"Stop. Sally. What can you do that will turn us on?"

"Nothing."

"Why?"

"Oh, all right. I am nothing. Strip me naked. Spread my body out, stretch me to
bursting, fuck the shit out of me, and whip me all over until I can't stop
screaming. Burn my breasts and thighs and my body--"

"Pshaw! All this is old."

"Hang me by my hair, with my hands bound behind my back, and--"

"No!"

"Put me in a room that is dark. Pitch dark. Tie me down and allow anyone who
wants to to fuck me for five days. I will not see a thing. I will never know who
is fucking me, whose cock is in my mouth, who is putting out his cigarettes on
my nipples. I will be only a thing of pleasure--pleasure for you, horror for
me-- screaming into a dark room, struggling vainly to get loose--"

"Shit and fuck. Is there nothing new in this world?"

"Kill me."

"Go to hell."

"All right, John. If you like, I will humiliate myself in front of all these
gentlemen. If you wish me to degrade myself, I will strip my clothes off right
now. I will bare my body. And, nude, I will go down on my knees to you, crawl to
you, and I will take out your cock and I will put it into my mouth and I will
suck it. I will suck it slowly and lovingly, and all your friends can watch as I
do it. They can gather around and watch me as I debase myself in front of them
to please you. I will, if you wish, look at them as I do it. And they will
imagine me doing it to them. And when I have finished, when you have shot into
my mouth and I have swallowed it all as they watch--then you will command me to
do it to all of them. Every one of them. And I shall obey. For I know you can
make me scream if I do not. Scream and howl and dance with pain. I know you may
do this to me anyway, simply to amuse our guests. But I will do it to them. And
you will want me to lay my body open to them and fuck them all-- and I will do
that. And I will crawl and I will beg and cry and plead. But you will show no
mercy. You will bring out the whip. I will dance and twist and writhe under the
lash. I will shriek and yell and howl myself hoarse. And then you will pass out
the cigarettes. I--I know I will--I--I will--"

"What?"

"I will piss myself. I will piss right on the floor."

"And?"

"And you will command me to lick it up."

"And?"

"And--and I will--I will lick it up--on my knees, naked, my body burn-blistered
and whip-striped, sobbing and moaning and choking with agony--I will lick the
floor and--and--"

"Strip now. Slowly. Sally. Now. Slowly."

"This is my body. This is my body. I give you my breasts. I give you my thighs.
It is yours."

"Crawl."

"I crawl."

"Who are you, Sally?"

"I am a shit-eating piss-drinking whip-needing filthy slut slave. I am a toy."

"Put my cock in your mouth and look our guests in the eyes and gag on that
prick. Show them what I have made you. A girl thing. Cry..."




GINNY AGAIN
By V.P. Viddler

"God that hurts. Christ it hurts."

"That's just through your clothes, Ginny. Through your blouse and your bra,
too."

"I know. Christ."

"Shall I do it again?"

"Oh. God. Yes."

"Okay."

"Shit! Oh Jesus oh no Christ I can't--I can't--oh my god--"

"Straighten up, Ginny."

"I can't. All right."

"Again?"

"No. Yes. No. Ah what am I--yes. Wait. I'm afraid I'll scream."

"I don't want you to scream, Ginny."

"I know."

"Do you want me to gag you?"

"No. Don't gag me. I can do it."

"Stand up straight."

"Yes. All right. All right. Hhhnnnhhh. Nngghhh. Unh. Oh I can't. Good Christ I
can't. Nnnooo."

"You look good on your knees. Stand up."

"I can't."

"I'll bet you can."

"Make me do it. Pull my hair so I have to do it."

"That's just what I had in mind."

"Aughh! Aunnnghh!"

"Up, Ginny. Up, that's it. That's the girl. Your nipples are sticking
practically right through your clothes, Ginny."

"I know."

"What a pain-loving bitch you are. Shall I hurt you again?"

"I--I want it, but I can't stand it."

"All right."

"Oh. Do it again."

"Please. Say please."

"Please please please please please."

"Okay. Hands down."

"Y-yes."

"Yes, master."

"Yes, master."

"I'm going to do it hard this time."

"H-harder? I can't--"

"Shall I?"

"Yes."

"Yes?"

"Yes, please."

"Don't scream."

"All right. Ghghghghghghghhhh. Nnghh. Ngaughh."

"Clawing at the wall, Ginny? Twisting and squirming? Ask me to do it again."

"I--I--"

"What, Ginny?"

"Make me do something for you. Make me crawl, make me kiss your feet, make me do
something I don't want to do, please--"

"I think what you don't want to do right now is to let me hurt you again."

"Oh Jesus."

"Ginny?"

"Gag me. Put a gag in my mouth. Then I can't do anything to stop you. And I
can't make any noise. Gag me and you can do what you want to me."

"What shall I gag you with, Ginny?"

"I--I don't--"

"Anything I want?"

"Anything."

"Your panties?"

"Oh. I--I'll take them off for you."

"Wait. What about my underpants?"

"All-all right."

"What if I piss in them first?"

"So dirty."

"So are you, Ginny."

"Yes. So am I. Dirty filthy soiled rotten."

"I'm taking my shorts off, Ginny, and I'm putting them right here and I'm
pissing on them. Pissing till they're soaking wet with it. And I'm going to put
them in your mouth for a gag, and tie them there with my tie, which I'm also
pissing on. All right, Ginny? And then I will hurt you all I want to. And all
you want me to."

"I love you."

"You love pain."

"I love pain."

"And humiliation."

"And humiliation."

"I'll think of something humiliating for you to do."

"What? Oh god, what?"

"I'm going to make you strip your clothes off."

"I'll do that any time you want. You know that."

"Not for me. Not just for me."

"Oh. Oh Jesus. Who?"

"Mr. Hartman."

"Oh no. No. Not him. You can't--"

"Mr. Hartman is very fond of you, Ginny. I told him all about you."

"You didn't! Oh no! Christ, no! Not him! I--I can't--I can't strip in front of
him--Oh god--you don't want me to--"

"Yes, Ginny. I do. Anything he wants. Anything."

"I won't."

"Open your mouth, Ginny."

"Please not that, not with him, I can't, please."

"Open your mouth. That's it. Stinks, doesn't it. Now. Good. Crying, Ginny?
Sobbing? I think you want more pain to put you in the mood. Like that? Ah, my
Ginny. Rolling around on the floor that way, with your skirt pulling up over
your thighs and that body jerking and spasming, and those long luscious legs
kicking and those funny whining sounds coming out of that pretty mouth. But
here's Mr. Hartman now. Stand up, Ginny. All right, I'll help you up by your
hair again. Sounds like a soft, far-away siren, right, Mr. Hartman? Ginny really
loves it, though. Do you want her to strip for you now?"

"I can't believe she's going to strip naked for me."

"But she will. Right, Ginny? Just nod your head. Want me to help? Ah. You see,
Ginny's nodding. Do it, Ginny. Strip for Mr. Hartman."

"A gorgeous young helpless girl, a piss-stinking gag in her mouth, is taking off
her clothes for me. And I'm going to put my cock in her mouth and watch her suck
it for me. And I'm going to fuck the daylights out of her. And I can do anything
to that body."

"Nod, Ginny. Right. Want to see Ginny rolling on the floor naked and kicking?
Watch."

"NNNNGGHHHHHH!"

"FUCK THIS CHICK!"...




HARRIS
By V.P. Viddler

"You know what I can do with my mouth, don't you, Harris?"

"I do, Miss."

"It was good, wasn't it, Harris?"

"It was indeed, Miss."

"Don't you want it again, Harris? I'll do it again, you know I will. Think about
it, Harris."

"I can't do what you want, Miss."

"I'm sixteen, Harris."

"Yes, Miss."

"I'm gorgeous."

"Yes, Miss."

"I'm sexy."

"Yes, Miss."

"And I'm a virgin."

"That's right, Miss."

"And I'll do anything for you. Anything, Harris."

"I can't, Miss."

"Just a little. Just hurt me a little bit, Harris. Just--"

"If I lose my position, Miss Stacy, you'll have no one to tease."

"But I'm not teasing, Harris. I'm not! I just want you to--"

"To hurt you, Miss."

"Hurt me. Yes. Oh god, Harris. I want you to. I'll do anything. Anything you
want. Look at me, Harris. Look at my body."

"God. I can't possess your body, Miss Stacy. You're a virgin. I won't do that."

"Then my mouth, Harris. Like last time. Remember? Wasn't it good?"

"You shouldn't do this, Miss."

"Hurt me, Harris. Do it. You want to. I'm such a brat, aren't I? A spoiled
brat?"

"That you are, Miss."

"Punish me for it. Go ahead. Punish me. Look. I put on this tight top for you.
Nothing under it."

"I can see that, Miss."

"Yes. I know you can. I want you to. See my nipples? Standing out? Hard?"

"I do, Miss."

"Hurt them. Go on. Please. Harris. Here."

"I can't resist this, Miss Stacy. You should stop now."

"No."

"You should really stop now."

"Hurt them, Harris. Take them. Put your--oh yes. That's right. How do they feel,
Harris?"

"Hard, Miss. But vulnerable. Most vulnerable."

"Oh Jesus god yes. Pinch them, Harris. Pinch them hard. Very hard."

"All right, Miss Stacy. I will."

"Ah. Ahh. AAHHH! Yes! AAGGHH! YESS! Do it! Yes! Do it oh Jesus oh god ah ah ah
ah oh Harris Christ do it I can't stand it Christ it hurts it hurts it HURTS SO
OHH GOD HARD YES AGGHH Harris I love it I LOVE IT Harris--Don't stop--unh unhh
unnhhh aughhh hah hah hah hah Jesus AAUUUGGHH!"

"No, Miss. Hands down, Miss. Put. Your. Hands. Down."

"Oooohh...I...all...all right...ahh...don't stop..."

"Put your hands behind your back, Miss Stacy. Keep them behind you."

"Arrrghh. As--as if--I was tied--ohh oh oh."

"Does it hurt, Miss? Am I hurting you enough?"

"Oh...god...so...good...hurts...hurts...it hurts."

"Do not squirm about so much, Miss. I can't hold on if you twist so hard."

"I can't...I...I think...please don't stop...Harris...I think...I
could...almost...come this way...it hurts...so much...I think...I'm going
to...to do it..."

"No, Miss. You will not."

"No! Don't stop."

"Now, Miss. On your knees, Miss Stacy. Now. Right down. Kneel down. That's
right."

"Unh. Unh. Unh. I...I can't..."

"In your mouth, Miss. In your mouth. Now."

"Ugghhh! Ummmphh! Mmmmpphh. Ugghhll."

"Slowly. Miss. Stacy. Now."

"Hmm ummphh. Mmmn."

"Now. Slowly, Miss. That's right. Just as you said you would. That's good, Miss
Stacy. That mouth. Hurting. Panting. Quivering. So good. Take it all, Miss. I
know you hurt. That's what you wanted. Lick it with your tongue. All right,
Miss. Now. Swallow. Now. Swallow it, Miss Stacy. Swallow it. Swallow it. Swallow
it."

"I'm such a bitch. Punish me. Make me do something I don't want to do."

"Bring Larry."

"Oh. God. All right. You bastard."

"Larry will stand against the wall. You will stand against Larry. Hard against
him. Mashing your body to his from top to toe. And I will whip your back, Miss."

"Hard?"

"Very hard. So that you will squirm and twist and writhe against Larry, so hard,
so uncontrollably as I whip you, that your body will lash him to such ecstasy
that at last he will climax. Right through your clothes, right against your
pain- wracked, wriggling body, he will climax."

"Oh god. I will too if you whip hard enough."

"I will, Miss. And then you will crawl for me and use your mouth on both of us.
And then I shall call your father."

"Harris--I'll strip for you..."




HELLO, ARNOLD
By V.P. Viddler

Please stop, Richard, please stop, please, Richard, it hurts so much, please
stop now.

Yes, I'll do it, Richard, you know I will, please stop. Please.

Yes, Richard, I know what I am. I'm a filthy slut, Richard. I'm a whore, and
I'll do what you say, please stop.

Yes, I'll do it for Arnold, hello, Arnold, I'll do it, Richard please stop, yes,
Arnold, oh god, Arnold, I'll use my mouth on you.

Oh Richard no more, please stop, I'll use my mouth on Arnold, yes, all night
long, yes, I'll swallow his gism, oh please Richard stop.

I know I did, I know I said that, but I was wrong, I'm sorry, Richard. I'm
sorry, Arnold. I was wrong, I was a bitch and a cunt, but I won't be any more,
oh god, Richard please, it hurts so much. Oh that hurts, don't, Richard, please.

What? I can't--no--oh god don't oh don't no please oh Christ Christ Christ dear
god no all right I will all right stop I'll I'll ask him, Arnold you--you don't
want to--all right--all right, Arnold, would you like to hurt me?

Oh god. Please. All right, Richard, please stop, I'll ask him. Please hurt me,
Arnold.

Oh Christ Jesus that hurts, oh god I can't I can't Arnold stop Arnold please
stop I'll be good to you I'll give you anything you want I'll give you my body
that's what you want isn't it Arnold my body I'll give it to you you can do
anything with it and Richard can watch that's what he wants Arnold he wants to
watch me crawling and hurting and screaming and crying and I will, Arnold, I'll
do it for you, please stop that, Arnold.

If you stop you can make me do anything, Arnold. Anything you ever dreamed
about. I'll fuck anybody you say. I'll fuck the dog, would you like to watch me
fucking the dog, arnold? Would you like to piss on me? Would you like me to
drink your piss, Arnold? Richard likes that.

Richard likes to stretch me out on the hibachi and light a fire under me and
then get on top of me and fuck me while I'm twisting and squirming and arching
and bucking and straining to try to get away from the flames. And screaming of
course. Richard loves to hear me screaming. Sometimes as I'm screaming Richard
will piss in my mouth just to watch me choking and gagging. If I'm not screaming
loudly enough, Richard will stick pins in my nipples.

But the worst is when he puts a leash on me and makes me crawl from house to
house, stark naked, making me suck off anybody who wants it. Man or woman. Or
dogs.

Please stop hurting me, Arnold. Yes, I'm a slut. Yes, I'm a cocksucker. Yes, I'm
a filthy piece of vomit. Strip me, Arnold. Take my clothes off, touch my body,
play with my breasts and my thighs and my cunt. It's all yours. Is that what you
want, Richard?

Yes, I'll lick the floor. Oh no, Richard, please. Please Richard. Yes. Yes,
Richard. All right. I'll hold still. Yes, I'll hold very still, Richard. Please
don't do it too--Ohhh Christ Jesus ohh god have mercy please no ohhh Christ that
hurts I can't--Yes I'm holding still, Richard, yes, again? Yes. Do it again.
Yes. Yes, I'm begging. Ahhhhh.

Richard. I swear I will never again disobey you. In anything. Please let me
degrade myself for Arnold. Please let me crawl for him. Please.

Wait. Not that. Richard, not that. I can't. ARNOLD DON'T LET HIM PLEASE NO
ARNOLD DON'T STOP HIM OH GOD ARNOLD I'LL BE YOUR SLAVE FOR LIFE I'LL LIVE ON MY
KNEES FOR YOU I'LL NO NO NO NO NO NNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...

FUCK ME YES FUCK ME DON'T DO IT AGAIN PLEASE FUCK ME I'LL BE SO GOOD FOR YOU Yes
Arnold yes Richard yes anything anything do it to me piss on me fuck me I'm your
slut slave toy slave AAAAA...




HOT AND COLD
By V.P. Viddler

"Last time I saw this lady she was hanging by her wrists from a tree branch,
stark naked, and screaming her lungs out as four guys pelted her with
snowballs."

"That's right. That was last year's vacation. The boys and I are doing it again,
Lisa, and we want you along with us. We'll need a distraction in bad weather.
You know, a plaything. A big toy. A game dame. We want you."

"No. Not this time. Please."

"But you'll like it, Lisa. Once it gets going. You know that. Why, last year--"

"Please. I can't. Not again. I just can't."

"Don't you recall how it was, Lisa? Once you got over your-- shyness? Oh, we had
to break you in a bit, but then you got right into the spirit, didn't you, Lisa?
You loved it."

"Please. No."

"Remember how we had to hold you down at first, Lisa? Holding you down on the
bed, all spread out and struggling while we played with you? Playing with that
body. Stripping it. And you crying and begging, and Bobby slapping you, and then
starting to fuck you. And all of us fucking you. Remember, Lisa?"

"Please."

"And how it started getting to you, and soon we didn't have to hold you any
more, and then telling us how you loved it? How we kept saying, you love it,
don't you, Lisa? Don't you, Lisa? Oh you love this, right, Lisa? And finally you
saying, yes, yes, oh Christ oh Jesus yes, oh god I love it, yes I love it, yes I
do I love it I do--"

"Damn you!"

"And after that you did anything, didn't you, Lisa?"

"Yes."

"And you loved it all, didn't you?"

"Yes."

"Being our toy. Crawling for us. Remember how we made you crawl, Lisa?"

"Yes."

"How you crawled up the walls, how we drive you crazy, how we fucked you blind?"

"Yes."

"And how much you loved it?"

"Please."

"And when we tied you from that branch, or spread-eagled across the table, or on
your knees by the fire and hurt you--"

"Oh god."

"I want to do that again, Lisa. I want to hear you screaming again. I want to
hear you crying and begging us to stop, but not wanting us to stop."

"Oh please I can't please."

"I want that body crouching over me again, crying with pain and passion, taking
my cock up your cunt and fucking me, while Dick whips your back with his belt,
again and again, and I pinch your nipples while Riff stands over us and pulls
your head up by your hair so he can fuck your mouth. Do you remember, Lisa?"

"Yes. God yes."

"You crawled for us all night long. Giving us your mouth and your cunt and your
ass. Crying. Screaming. Begging for more."

"I did. God help me, I did."

"And you will again, won't you, Lisa?"

"I--no. Please no."

"You want to."

"No."

"Tell John what we did with you after he saw you hanging from that tree. After
all those snowballs that hurt so much."

"You--you took me down and took me inside and tied me down spread out across the
dining table and you--you said you would warm me up. And to warm me up you
burned my body--you put out cigarettes on me. All over my body. Lots of
cigarettes. Burning my body."

"That's right. You should have seen that, John. Wherever we'd hit Lisa with a
snowball, we kissed it with a cigarette. Her breasts--nipples, all over. Her
stomach. Thighs. Back. Buttocks. All over. So many. And then we fucked her while
she screamed for us. Right, Lisa?"

"I don't want to do that again."

"Yes, you do, Lisa."

"Yes I do. All right. I'll do it."

"Look how hard Lisa's nipples are. Right through that dress. You want it now,
Lisa?"

"No, please."

"What do you want, Lisa."

"Oh. Make me do it. Make me do something dirty. Please."

"On your knees, slut, and suck John off. Right now."

"Ohh."

"I'm going to whip you while you do it."

"All right."

"Hands in the air. Don't drop them. Strip that top down, John. Take it all, you
bitch. Pull her hair up, John, so I can get a clear shot at that naked back."

"What are you, Lisa?"

"I"m a boy toy, a plaything, a rag doll, a slut, a whore, I want to crawl and
scream and suck and fuck. I'm yours, my body is yours, please whip me now, I do
love it I do love it..."




HURT ME, HARRY
By V.P. Viddler

"If you hurt me, I'll strip for you."

"What?"

"I said if you hurt me I'll strip for you. Isn't that plain enough? If you want
to watch me take my clothes off--if you'd like to see my body naked--all you
have to do is give me pain."

"Pain?"

"Pain. You know what the word means, don't you, Harry? Pain. Hurt. Agony.
Torture."

"What--What are you saying?"

"Oh, Christ, you are so stupid, Harry."

"I'm not--"

"Yes you are. Stupid. All right, forget it. I just thought you might like to see
me strip for you. God, the way your tongue hangs out all the time I'm
around--the way you can't stop watching my tits or sneaking peeks up my
skirt--oh, shit. So long, Harry."

"Wait! Wait I--I do, I mean I--I think your body--I mean, I think you have a
terrific figure, I--"

"So? Don't you want to see it all?"

"I--Yes. Sure I do. But--but--"

"But but what? Wouldn't you like me to strip myself naked in front of you,
Harry? Wouldn't you like to have me in your power? Wouldn't you like me crawling
on my hands and knees? And wouldn't you like to have me asking you to take me,
Harry? Begging you, pleading with you, screaming for you to take me? Hmm?"

"God. Oh my dear god!"

"You can, Harry. You can have it all. All of that and more. Go for it, Harry.
Hurt me."

"Hurt--hurt you. I--I don't--"

"Pull my hair, Harry."

"I--"

"Come on, Harry. Just to start. Okay? Pull my hair. Go on. Hard. Ah! Yes. Yes,
that's it, harder. Ahh! Ah yes. Oh good, hold on, don't let go, Harry, pull it,
yes. Ah. Oh nice, Harry, here I am, I'm here for you, I'm rubbing against you,
all of me, feel it, keep pulling, hard, yes! Ah. Do you like this, Harry, do you
like me against you--twisting--rubbing--squirming--"

"God!"

"Okay. Okay, Harry. I'm yours. Make me strip now, Harry. Make me take my clothes
off for you."

"I--I--"

"Pinch my tits."

"Pinch--"

"Pinch my nipples, Harry. Do it and I'll take everything off. I'll do anything
you want. Do it. Aahh! Aaahhh! Yessssssss ohhh yessss oh Harry I'm taking my
clothes off yes hard hard hard! All right! All right! I'm doing it, I'm
unbuttoning my blouse, okay, I'm taking my blouse off, and now I'm--I'm opening
my skirt and I'm going to drop it, there, and now I'm taking off my bra, Harry,
watch, watch me bare my breasts for you, okay, okay, I hurt, Harry, I'm hurting,
and I'm taking off my panties, I'm pushing them down my thighs and I'm letting
them fall and they're off. Now I'm naked. I'm naked for you, Harry, I'm naked
and hurting. And I'm your slave, Harry."

"God!"

"Hurt me again. Please hurt me again, I want to hurt, I need it, please-- Oh my
dear Jesus. Twist my arm, Harry. Twist my arm hard. I'll go to my knees, I'll
crawl for you, I'll prostrate myself to you. Twist it. Hard. AAAIIIEEE! AH! AHH!
Break it, SHIT break it off oh Christ yes I can't stand it I'll crawl I'll crawl
AOOOWWW. I'm going to my knees, I'm crawling, I'm crawling, hit me for god's
sake, whip me, lash me, beat me. Burn my tits. Make me scream! Yes fuck me,
Harry. Okay, I'm yours, fuck my body, and hurt me, pinch my breast, twist it,
hit it AUGGGHH! Hurt fuck fuck hurt hurt fuck fuck hurt I want pain I want more
pain ARG ARG ARG Oh shit you fuck HIT ME! AGAIN! AGAIN! OH AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! If
you make me I'll suck your cock. If you hurt me I'll fuck anybody you say. If
you make me scream I'll drink your piss. I'll give you my sister. If you like my
breasts you can ruin them. If you like my thighs you can destroy them. If you
like my mouth you can use it to piss in. I am shit and I want pain. Put your
hands on my body. Put your whip on my flesh. Put your piss in my mouth. Pull my
hair again and make me kiss you. Hurt me and force me to kiss you with my soft
lips. I am a suffering, squirming, supple, pain-filled young girl, and I am all
yours, Harry. MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM. UNNNNNHHHHHH. AAAUUUUGGGHH. HUNH. AA. I'm crying,
I'm crying in pain. Whip me, Harry. Whip me so hard I'll howl loud enough to
make you come all over my slut's body..."




IN YOUR DREAMS
By V.P. Viddler

"I'm sorry I'm late."

"You will be."

"Oh god."

"Do you have it on?"

"Yes, I do."

"Ah. And how is it?"

"It hurts. It hurts a lot."

"It's supposed to."

"I know. But it wasn't so bad when I first put it on. But it just gets tighter.
Tighter and tighter."

"I know. That's how it works. Ingenious, isn't it?"

"I thought I'd get used to it. But it just gets worse."

"Beautiful."

"All right. What do I have to do?"

"What do you mean, my dear?"

"Don't fool around. What do I have to do to get it off?"

"Off? But I don't want it off."

"I bet you don't. But I damn well do. That thing hurts."

"I know. I can see that. I can see it in your face. And in the wonderful way you
squirm around in that chair."

"You get off on that, right?"

"Oh yes. It's lovely."

"What do you want me to do? Beg? Crawl? What?"

"Suffer."

"I am, damn it!"

"Cry."

"I will in a minute. I can't stand this thing any more."

"You're twisting your body."

"I can't help it!"

"It's so stimulating. And it pulls your skirt up over your thighs. No, don't
touch it. All those men would be so disappointed."

"Damn you!"

"I'm watching your pain."

"Why?"

"It turns me on. All the others are watching your legs, or your heaving breasts,
or your twisting body. But I am watching your pain. The pain in your eyes. Pain
in your lips. Pain in your movements. Pain."

"Sick. That's you. Sick."

"I want to kiss you. I would like to kiss your pain. Kiss your suffering. Let
you twist against me, into me. I want to go inside, into your pain and fuck it.
Fuck the pain."

"I'll let you."

"I know."

"I will."

"I know you will."

"Can I take it off?"

"No."

"But I can't."

"You must. You will. Say it."

"I will."

"I've broken you."

"I know."

"Your spirit is broken."

"Yes."

"I can see it."

"All right."

"So can they."

"Who?"

"All those men."

"They can see?"

"Yes. In your body. In your face. They know. All of them. That you are broken.
That I have won you. With pain."

"I want it to stop."

"That's all you want."

"I just want it to stop. I'll do anything. Make it stop."

"You can take it off."

"I--I can?"

"Yes. Take it off. Now."

"Now?"

"Here."

"Here? Right here?"

"Yes."

"I can't."

"If I tell you to, you will."

"I can't."

"It will stop the pain."

"In front of everybody?"

"It will stop your pain."

"I can't, I can't."

"But if I tell you to, you will. Won't you?"

"Oh. My. God."

"If I say so you will take off your blouse and take it off. And you will stand
bare-breasted in front of all this crowd. And you will walk around this
restaurant that way. Or crawl. And if I say so, you will stop in front of every
man, and you will bow before him, and you will take his cock and put it in your
mouth--"

"Stop. Please. Please. I hurt so much."

"Go under this table."

"Oh."

"Go under this table and suck me off."

"Oh. Dear. Jesus."

"Until I come in your mouth."

"They'll know."

"Yes."

"But they'll all know."

"That's right. And when you finish I will take you away and then you can take it
off."

"Oh."

"And I will whip you."

"I thought you might want that."

"I do want that."

"And if I don't?"

"You will wear it until you do. It may take days. You will wear it continuously,
day and night. I will whip you with it on. I will fuck you with it on. And I
will bring you back here every day. Until you do it."

"And then I can take it off?"

"Yes. And I will whip you naked."

"All over?"

"All over. And watch you in pain. And listen to your screams."

"I am nothing now. I will crawl. Now. Watch."

"Beautiful pain-filled smooth-skinned high-breasted sexy bitch. Crawl away from
me. I will whip you in my dreams."

"I will sing for you in your dreams."

"Why is that girl crawling?"

"She is in pain. And she is waiting to be raped. By all of us. Rape her! And rip
her bra off. Rip that bra off and rape her and hurt her and whip her. I will not
find such a woman again..."




JENNY GETS A CAR
By V.P. Viddler

"Do you know what I saw on my way home from school today, Daddy?"

"I don't think I want to know, Jenny."

"But, Daddy -- I saw this great little car --"

"I don't want to hear this, Jenny."

"It's just a small car, Daddy -- a tiny tiny car, a Toyota, actually, is what it
is. And it only costs --"

"Stop, Jenny. Stop right now."

"Daddy --"

"No, Jenny. Just no."

"Daddy -- how do you think I look today?"

"Don't, Jenny. Don't start this. I don't want to start this."

"But don't you think I look all right? Look at this, Daddy. Do you like what I'm
wearing today?"

"Jenny -- don't. You know I don't want this."

"Don't you, Daddy?"

"I -- no. Damn it, no. Go upstairs now."

"All right, Daddy. But just tell me if you like my outfit, okay? How about this
skirt, for instance. Do you think it suits me, Daddy?"

"Jenny -- don't."

"I thought you might like this shirt, Daddy. Or do you think it's too short?
Just a bit? But then, you don't mind looking at me in short skirts, do you,
Daddy?"

"Damn it, Jenny, I said go upstairs."

"All right, Daddy. Anything you say. I'll go up slowly, all right? And you can
watch my legs as I climb the stairs, and you can look up my skirt and watch my
thighs moving."

"Jenny, for god's sake --"

"You like to watch my legs, Daddy. I know that. You think my thighs are nice,
don't you, Daddy? You think they're sexy."

"Jenny -- for god's sake --"

"You can see almost all of my thighs now, Daddy, with this short skirt, but if
you want to see more of them, I can lift it up for you. Would you like that,
Daddy?"

"Jenny don't do this, for Christ sake, I don't want this, you know I don't, I
don't want to --"

"Look, Daddy. Look at my legs. Aren't they pretty? You can look as much as you
want to; I'll just stand here and hold my skirt up for you. Do you want to touch
them? I could just walk across the room to you and you could put your hands on
them, Daddy. I know you love that. Shall I?"

"I don't want to do this, for god's sake, Jenny, why are you doing this --"

"Because I want that car, Daddy. You know that."

"But this -- you're my daughter, my own --"

"That never stopped you before, Daddy, did it?"

"You little bitch. I don't want this, damn it. I don't want to be this way."

"But you can't help it, can you, Daddy? You can't stop yourself. You know you
can't. You want me."

"Oh, god."

"You want my body, Daddy. Don't you?"

"No!"

"Oh, Daddy, what a liar you are! But you're still looking at my legs, Daddy. And
what about my top? Do you like it? It's such a pretty thing, I think, sort of
orangeish, wouldn't you say? I know it's a little bit tight on me, but you don't
think it's too tight, do you, Daddy? Of course, I should wear a bra with it, but
I'm not. You can probably tell that, can't you, Daddy? It just clings to my
breasts, doesn't it? All around. And look how it shows my nipples -- oh, that's
wicked, isn't it? They just stick out like anything; but that's because they're
all hard, Daddy; they grow so hard and stiff when a man is looking at me that
way, the way you are, Daddy."

"I'm not, damn you. Damn you, Jenny. I'm not."

"But you are, Daddy. You can't help it. It's like you want to strip all the
clothes from my body, and just touch it all over, run your hands all over it,
and then just throw me down and do it to me. That's what you'd like to do, isn't
it, Daddy? Throw me right down on this floor and take me, take my body, do it to
me until I --"

"No! Stop. Jenny. I won't. Not this time. It's no good. Go away."

"Would you like me to take my top off, Daddy? Shall I show you my breasts? Don't
you want to see me naked? Touch me, naked? I'll strip for you, Daddy, and you
can --"

"Oh god help me. No, Jenny. I won't. Don't. I won't do it. I won't buy you a
car. I don't care what you do. No car. Do you understand? No!"

"All right, Daddy. All right. I'm just going to sit down now. I'll sit right
here, but don't worry, I'll keep my skirt high so you can still look at my
thighs. Okay? Do you want me to take my top off anyway?"

"I don't care. I don't care what you do. It won't change anything."

"Okay, Daddy. If you say so. I think I'll just pull it off. You can watch my
breasts bounce around as I pull it off my body. Isn't that sexy, Daddy? I know
you think I have pretty breasts. Look at how my nipples are all stiff. That's
for you, Daddy. Wouldn't you like to touch them? I'll bet you can remember how
my breasts feel. Can't you, Daddy? Don't you think about how good it was to put
your hands on them? Isn't it exciting, Daddy? Isn't my body turning you on? It
usually turns you on, Daddy, I know. such a young, soft, firm body, isn't it,
Daddy? And you know what I can do with it. You remember, Daddy. Think about it.
I'm going to take my panties off now. Watch, Daddy. Is that nice? You do want
me, Daddy. You know you do. I know it too. You want this body so much. You can
have it, Daddy. Right now. It could be all yours. Any way you want."

"Damn you to hell! I'm not going to do it, Jenny. Damn you."

"But you can remember how it was, can't you, Daddy? How it was to be on top of
me, taking me, doing it to me, to your own daughter."

"Stop, for god's sake, don't..."

"Think about it, Daddy. How it felt to have this body underneath you, with these
legs around your waist, holding you. Think about how it was, with my body
twisting against you, twisting and squirming and bucking with you, and how my
lips felt on yours, how you kissed my mouth and bit my tongue and how --"

"No! Stop. Please, Jenny. Please. Please. I won't, I can't."

"You can, Daddy. You want to."

"No! No car. No car. Period. Okay? All right? No. Fucking. Car. That's it!"

"Well. Gosh. That's too bad, Daddy. That's really disappointing. I mean, a car
has a lot of possibilities. You can do a lot of things in a car, if you think
about it. You know, I thought that maybe you and I might go for a ride in it.
You know, out into the country or something. And you could drive, Daddy. You
enjoy driving, don't you? And I would sit right beside you. And we would talk
and stuff, and watch all that scenery and all going by, and wouldn't that be
fun?"

"Jenny, look --"

"And maybe I could sort of start playing with you a little."

"Jenny --"

"Oh, nothing really naughty, Daddy -- nothing you wouldn't dig, anyway. Just
with my hand -- at first. Just playing around. My hand in your lap."

"Jenny --"

"Just to sort of entertain you as you're driving, you know? Make you feel good.
Just my hand, Daddy. Playing with you. Stroking you. You won't mind. I'll bet
you won't mind a bit. I bet you're getting hard right now, thinking about it.
Right? Aren't you, Daddy?"

"Damn you."

"You think about it, Daddy. And then my fingers, unzipping you. Oh, Daddy.
Unzipping your pants. Dipping in there. Finding you. Taking you out. Oh, Daddy.
All hard, all wanting your naughty daughter. Oh, yes. Are you hard, Daddy? Are
you hard right now? Do you want your daughter to come over and play?"

"No. No, Jenny. It's not right, it's not fair --"

"And you know, Daddy, this Toyota, it's such a convenient kind of car, doesn't
have that silly lump right in the middle of that front seat, to get in the way
and all. That front seat is all nice and flat. So what I could do, Daddy, I
could just lay down on that seat, lay right down on my tummy, okay?"

"Jenny... don't..."

"And I could sort of hitch myself up so my head could kind of rest in your lap.
You know what I'm saying, Daddy? My face would be right over your lap. Right
over your crotch, Daddy. And if I just put my head down --"

"Oh. Oh god. Jenny. Don't do this to me. I'm your father. Please. I can't stand
it."

"I know, Daddy. I know you can't. Can I have that car?"

"Don't do this to me, Jenny. Please."

"But you like me to do it to you, Daddy. Especially what I'm talking about.
Don't you remember? Don't you recall what I can do with my mouth? Don't you
recall how nice my mouth is? And my lips? And my tongue? Don't you, Daddy?"

"You slut."

"Think about it, Daddy. Driving along. In my car. With your big stiff thing
standing up, and my face right above it, moving down. Slowly. Think of how my
hair will touch it first. My soft hair, brushing along your skin, brushing back
and forth, stroking over it. Thank about how that feels."

"I remember."

"I know, Daddy. And then my lips. Just touching you. Just very softly kissing,
lightly kissing. Kissing it. All over. Licking it. Stroking it with my tongue.
Do you remember my tongue, Daddy?"

"I remember."

"Can you feel it, Daddy? Are you thinking about it?"

"Yes. Yes. I am. I do."

"And now my mouth, Daddy. Finding you. Opening for you. Slowly. Slowly at first.
Just a little at first. Taking you in. Into my mouth. Gradually. Bit by bit.
Sliding into your daughter's mouth."

"Oh Jesus god, oh Christ."

"Yes, Daddy. Think about it. Think about my mouth. You know what it's like. You
know I can take you all the way in. All the way, Daddy. All the way into my
mouth. Into my throat. I'll hold you there. Licking you. Sucking you. I'll suck
you, Daddy. Think about me sucking you. So slowly. As you drive down that road.
Lying on my stomach. Sucking you."

"Jenny --"

"Keep watching the road, Daddy. You don't want any accidents. Just look at the
road. I know it's hard, because probably my skirt will be up around my waist,
and my bare thighs will be showing, and if anybody else should pass us on that
road, they'll probably get a real eyeful. But I don't care, Daddy, I'm just
going to go on sucking you, sucking and sucking you, until you can't stand it
any more, Daddy. Until you can't hold it back any more, and you shoot it all,
Daddy, shoot it right down my throat, and god, I hope you don't crash the car,
Daddy, because I know how you love to shoot down my throat, and I'll just
swallow it all down, think about it, Daddy, swallowing it all, your naughty
daughter swallowing again and again as you shoot into my mouth, driving that car
down that road."

"Bitch. Oh you bitch. You wicked --"

"I could do it now, Daddy. Not in a car, of course, because I don't have a car,
do I, Daddy? Yet. But I could do it anyway. Just go right over to you and go
down on my knees, all naked as I am, and put my mouth down there and --"

"You little slut."

"Am I a slut, Daddy? Do you want your slut daughter to suck you off? Think about
what this slut can do, Daddy. Think about how you like this slut body. How you
like to kiss it all over. All the things you want to do to it."

"I do, you bitch, I do, I can't help it."

"I know, Daddy. I know you do. And you can, Daddy. You can do anything you want
to it. You can have your nasty slut of a daughter any way you want her. Any way
at all. Just say I can have that car, Daddy. That's all. Just say that. That
car. Any way at all, Daddy."

"I should --"

"Think about having me, Daddy. Think about my thighs around your body. Think
about my breasts mashing into you. Think about kissing my mouth. Think about me
bouncing and rolling underneath you. Think about --"

"I should --"

"Just say it, Daddy. Say it's all right."

"I should --"

"What, Daddy? You should what?"

"I should -- punish you."

"What, Daddy?"

"Punish you. I should... punish you."

"Punish me?"

"Yes. I -- yes. I want to. Punish you."

"Punish? You -- what do you mean, Daddy?"

"Yes. Punish."

"I -- I don't -- how? How, Daddy? How do you want to punish me?"

"No."

"Tell me, Daddy."

"I -- no."

"Daddy. Do you want to punish me?"

"No. Yes. I don't know."

"If you did -- Daddy -- if you did -- punish me -- then -- could I have the car?
Daddy?"

"I --"

"Daddy? Could I?"

"I -- don't know."

"What do you want to do to me, Daddy? Do you want to hurt me?"

"Hurt you. Yes. Yes. I want to hurt you."

"Oh. Well. Daddy. Do you -- want to spank me?"

"No."

"No?"

"Kid stuff."

"Oh. Of course. You don't want to do kid stuff. I'm not a kid any more, am I,
Daddy? I'm a big girl now. A big naughty girl, and you want to punish me like a
grown-up. Is that right, Daddy?"

"Yes. That's right."

"And if I -- All right. All right, Daddy. Hurt me. Hurt me any way you want. I
know I'm a bad girl. I know I'm a naught slut daughter. And you'd like to pay me
back, wouldn't you, Daddy? You want to make me pay for all the nasty things
you've done to me. You want to hurt that body that tempts you so much. You want
me to suffer, don't you, Daddy? You want me to cry. You want me to scream. You
want to watch me in pain, shouting with pain, twisting in agony. Is that it,
Daddy? Is that what you want?"

"Yes. That is what I want. Jenny. Yes."

"And if I do that for you, Daddy -- if I let you hurt me, and cry for you and
scream for you and twist for you, and crawl for you, all you want, Daddy -- if I
do all that, then will you buy me that car? Daddy?"

"God. You're such a witch, Jenny. Such a depraved little witch."

"How do you want to do it, Daddy? Do you want to spread my body out on my bed,
stretch me out, straining, open, helpless, for whatever you will do to me? Or do
you want to hang me up, Daddy. Think how I would look hanging naked by my
wrists, Daddy. Think of having me dangling from the ceiling, all of my body
straining, swaying, twisting helplessly in the air. Think of hanging me with my
feet off the floor, my legs straining, twitching, kicking. Think of how my
breasts will look, tight, taut, upthrust, all exposed. Think about whipping me
that way, Daddy. Think how my body would jerk and writhe and squirm and twist.
Think how my breasts would bounce and shudder at each lash. Think how my legs
would thrash and kick in agony. And think how I would scream, Daddy. Scream and
scream. Think how I would beg you to stop. Promising to be good, to do anything
you wanted. But you wouldn't stop, would you, Daddy? Think about whipping my
body all over, whipping my back and my waist and my behind and my thighs and my
calves, and whipping my breasts, Daddy, and my stomach and my hips and my thighs
again, and whipping my crotch, Daddy. Think of that, Daddy. You'd make me hold
my legs apart for you, and I wouldn't think I could do it, but you'd make me,
you'd whip my breasts until I had to do it, and I'd open my legs and hold them
that way and you'd whip my crotch, Daddy, and I'd yell and howl and go crazy
with that pain until you stopped. Is that what you want, Daddy? You could do all
kinds of things to me, I know that, Daddy. I can't even stand to think of it,
but I know you wabnt to do it all. You'll break me, Daddy. I know that. You'll
grind me into dust. And finally I'll crawl for you, Daddy. Think about watching
me crawling for you, crawling like an animal, on my hands and knees, your
begging, broken slut of a daughter. And then I would crawl to you and bow down
to you and give you my mouth, my crying, sobbing mouth, and I'd suck you as your
slave, your slut cock-sucking slave daughter. I would swallow it all if you
wanted, or if you felt like it you could shoot it in my face, right into my
face, all over my face, in my hair, in my eyes, in my nose, on my lips, until I
was dripping with it. Soaking with it. Then you could have my body any time you
want, Daddy, any time, any way at all. I would be yours, Daddy, to do with as
you wish. A toy, a thing for your pleasure, a plaything. To hurt if you want. To
punish. To possess. If you want me to, I will go naked all the time for you. Or
I will only wear very short skirts, very tight tops. So my body is always on
view for you. Always available. You could keep me tied up all the time, have me
in bondage always. My hands tied behind my back. My thighs bound together. My
hair bound to my wrists, pulling my head back, making my breasts stick out. I'd
be a sex toy. That's all. Your daughter the sex toy. And if you got tired of
that, you could call up some of your friends and lend me to them for an hour. Or
a day. Or a week. Think of making me perform for your pals, think of watching
your naughty daughter submitting to a bunch of men, going down for them,
spreading for them, fucking them at your command. Think of that, Daddy. Think
about going into a restaurant with me, and running into a man you know slightly.
`This is my daughter,' you could say. `Isn't she pretty? Do you want her to suck
your cock? Jenny, go under this table and suck Mr. So-and-so off. Do it good,
Jenny,' you'd say. And I would do it, Daddy. I'd go down under that table and I
would take his cock out and I would suck it like it was never sucked before.
`That's my cock-sucking slut daughter,' you would say. `Isn't she good with that
mouth? Any time you want it again, pal, just ask. Jenny will do anything I say.'
Wouldn't you like that, Daddy? Are you hot, Daddy? Have I got you all hot now,
do you want to punish me now? Do you want my body? My mouth? Just say I can have
that car, Daddy. And you can strip me naked and lash me onto the front of that
car, just spread my body out across the hood and lash my wrists and ankles, a
living, naked figurehead, and you can drive that car all through the town and
show everybody your naked slut of a daughter, and you could park that car right
on Main Street and watch as all the men took my body, right there on the hood of
my car, thousands of them, taking my body, having me, doing it to your daugher,
and I would twist and pull against the ropes, but in vain, and you could watch
all this time, and you could say, `How do you like your car, Jenny? How do you
like it now, you lousy bitch?' And afterwards I would kneel in the dirt and suck
you with my crying, sobbing mouth, suck you and suck you and swallow it all
all..."




JUSTIN'S GIRL
By V.P. Viddler

"If you put a gag in my mouth," Patricia said, "Justin won't hear me screaming."

"But I want him to hear you," Barry said.

"Oh," Patricia said. "I see."

"Don't you think Justin will enjoy it?" Barry said.

"Of course. But what if he comes in?"

"I'll kill him."

"Oh."

"Will you try not to scream?"

"I'll try. But I know you can make me scream."

"I know Justin did. A lot."

"Yes."

"Tell me about it."

"It finally got to the point where Justin couldn't climax unless I was
screaming. If I was sucking him I had to crouch on all fours with my breasts
dangling so he could put his cigasrette on them. I would suck and suck and if he
wanted to come he'd touch his cigarette to my nipple or grind it out on my
breast to make me scream. And I would scream around his cock and he would come.
I had to be careful not to bite him or I knew what he would to to me. And I
couldn't take my mouth away. I had to still hold his cock in my mouth and I
would scream with it in my mouth and it would shoot into my throat and I would
choke on it, but I had to swallow it all. Or if Justin was fucking me, I'd be
tied down, stretched out the way he liked it, my body pulled tight so I could
hardly move as he was fucking me. But I did my best, trying to make him climax.
I'd squirm and twist and try to move my hips, but nothing would make him come. I
tried so hard I was panting and gasping, but Justin just rode it out. Until
finally he'd had enough, so he'd put out his cigarette on my body. On my hip, or
my thigh, or my breast again. And that would make me really twist, twisting in
agony, and that's what did the trick for him. Nothing else. I'd thrash around in
pain and my body would arch up, straining and pulling, and of course I'd scream,
and Justin would come into me. And he'd say, oh my that hurts, doesn't it,
darling? Oh yes, that hurts. That's so painful. And sometimes he'd do it again,
just for fun, and I'd scream and twist and he'd get hard again. And he'd start
over."

"You're getting me all hot, Patricia," Barry said.

"I'm sorry."

"Not at all. I smoke cigarettes, you know."

"Of course," Patricia said. "Do you want me to take my clothes off now?"

"Oh, you're so anxious, Patricia. I think you want to be hurt."

"You don't think that at all. You know I can't stand it. You must know I would
do anything to avoid it. Anything at all. I think you know that."

"Yes, I do. But you can't, Patricia."

"I didn't think so."

"I can't wait to hurt you."

"I know."

"Yes, take off your clothing, Patricia. Strip down and let me look at that body.
Now. Lie down on the bed."

"On my back or my front?"

"On your front. For now. Good. Stretch out. That's it. Arms tight. Grab hold of
the headboard bars. That's right. Hold on tight. Don't let go. At all.
Beautiful. I'll lie beside you. And light up. Why Patricia, you're shaking."

"Yes. I'm afraid."

"That's just how I want you. What a body. Where shall I burn it first? That
luscious round rump? That smooth naked back? Those long, tender, curving,
fabulous thighs? I can't get at your nipple this way. But your fine firm
fantastic young breasts are making saucy sensuous beckoning bulges as you lie on
them. Just enough to look at. And to touch. And to put out a cigarette on. Shall
I try that first?"

"If--if you wish."

"Will that make you scream, Patricia?"

"Probably."

"I don't want to have to kill Justin right now. So let's stifle our sound,
Patricia, all right?"

"I can't--"

"Stuff that pillow in your mouth, Patricia. All the way in. Bite on it. All
right. Hold on, now. Now, Patricia. Now!"

"Nnnghh Nnnnnhhhghghghh! Haughhhmmmphhh! Haugh. Nghh. Ngghh. Nn. Hggghh.
Annnphhh!"

"Oh yes. Oh yes, as Justin would say, oh yes, that hurts, doesn't it, Patricia.
That hurts so much. And yes, I love how your body twists and arches and bucks
and writhes. So painful. Again, Patricia? Shall I do it again?"

"If--if--you--w-wish."

"Oh, I do. I certainly do. Right here."

"Nnauauauaugghhhhh! Arrrrghhh! Haugghh! Christ no Arrrrgh!!"

"Oh that's good, Patricia. That's so painful, isn't it? You want to scream so
badly, don't you, darling? Spread your thighs. Spread them apart, Patricia. Wide
open. I'm going to burn you right up high on this soft smooth curving leg thigh
and let you scream your heart out. And I'm going to fuck you, Patricia. I'm
going to put you on top of me and make you ride my cock up and down, up and
down, and I'll grind this thing out on your fine bouncing breasts and as you
scream I'll shoot it up your pain- filled pussy. And Justin will come in and
I'll make him watch. I'll make him whip you as you fuck me, whip your back to
ribbons as you squirm and writhe and twist and howl and then you'll crouch over
me on all fours and Justin will fuck you in the ass and I'll burn your nipples
off. Slowly. How do you like that, Patricia?"

"If you tie me down I won't be able to get away from you."

"If I do I'll have all the men in this town come in and fuck your mouth. As I
whip you."

"Burn my thigh, Barry."

"Say please."

"Please burn my thigh, Barry. Please make me scream as much as you want. I'll do
it all you want. Burn me all night long. Think of me screaming and howling and
crying and moaning and shrieking and mewling and squalling and you fucking my
body, my agonized thrashing loving body..."




LOVE STORY
By V.P. Viddler

"My husband isn't home."

"I know."

"What do you--"

"I want you."

"What?"

"I want you, Laura. I want to hump you."

"Oh god. Don't say that."

"it's true. You know it's true. And you want it too."

"Please don't. Please don't say it."

"Laura, I want your body. And you want mine."

"Oh. Oh I do, yes. God help me, I do."

"Take your clothes off."

"Wait--"

"I don't want to wait. I want you now. I want to be inside you."

"Oh, Richard--"

"I want to be on top of your naked body, Laura."

"Yes."

"I want to be inside you. I want to have you twisting under my body."

"Richard--I--I can't hold back any more. Tell me what you will do to me."

"I'll fuck you, Laura. I'll fuck you like you've never had it before."

"Oh yes. Do it to me. Hard. Fast. Pound me."

"I'll pound you, all right. Take your damn clothes off, Laura. I want to see you
naked."

"Ahh."

"I want to see your naked breasts. I want to touch them and hold them and kiss
them."

"Oh, Richard. My legs are shaking."

"Your legs. I want to see your beautiful legs. I want to kiss them, kiss all
along the length of them, kiss your ankles, kiss your curving calves, kiss your
soft, sexy thighs. Run my tongue over the skin--"

"Ohh. Ahh god, you make me dizzy. I want you to do it to me. All of it. And I
want to do it to you."

"Tell me."

"I can't."

"You can. Tell me what you want to do to me."

"I---I want to be dirty with you. I want to be a whore. Your dirty whore. I--I
want to--"

"Say it. Take your clothes off while you say it."

"I will. I'm taking my clothes off for you. I want to--use my mouth on you. I
want to suck your cock, Richard. Yes, I want it in my mouth, I want to lick it
and taste it and swallow it."

"Laura, your breasts are so high and firm. Take off your skirt."

"I'm naked for you, Richard."

"And I for you."

"Ohh, you're so big! I want it so, I want it inside me, all the way insice me."

"Lie down, Laura."

"Here? On the floor?"

"On the floor. Get down."

"All right. Here I am. Take me, Richard. Get on top of me. Ah. Ahh, ohh, put it
in, please put it into my pussy--"

"Spread your legs wide. Wider. All right. Here it is, Laura. Take it."

"I love it, I love it, go deeper, push harder, oh, Richard, you're in me, you're
fucking me!"

"Yes. Fucking you. Fucking Laura. Fucking sweet naked Laura. How does it feel,
Laura?"

"Ohhh...god...it--it's--I--ahh...ahhh...ah, ah, ah, ah..."

"You love it."

"I love...ahh...I love it..."

"Put your legs around me. That's it. Oh, you fine bitch. Such a fine, passionate
fuck!"

"Oh, fuck! Fuck me! Make me die!"

"Squirm, Laura, yes, squirm, wriggle, god your body feels so great against me,
under me. I'm going to--"

"Richard."

"What?"

"Make me scream."

"I will."

"Now. Make me scream now."

"I'm taking you, Laura. I'm taking your body. I'm going to make you come so hard
you'll howl your head off."

"Yes! But make me scream right now. Hurt me. Hurt my body. Hit me."

"Laura!"

"Hit me, you dirty lousy son of a bitch! You silly bastard, hit- -AAAHHH!"

"Laura--"

"YES! I'm coming--I'm coming now--I'm going to--I--I--I'm-- I'M YES!
COMMINNNNGGGHHH! Ahh. Ahh. Ahh. Ahh. Ohhhh..."

"Laura--"

"Richard. I love you."

"You weird bitch."

"Yes. I am. Listen--I want to suck you."

"Do it."

"Make me."

"Now wait--"

"Make me. Force me to suck you off. Pull my hair."

"Such a nice mouth, Laura. Such round, soft lips."

"Lie back."

"I want to feel your tits. So soft, so firm."

"Squeeze it."

"I--"

"Please, Richard. Squeeze it hard. AAIII! HARDER... OOAAAUUUAAA! I'll suck your
cock! I'll suck your cock."

"Do it. Do it, Laura, you filthy wonderful slut whore... ahh...oh, yes, Jesus,
your mouth..."

"MMMFFF."

"All of it, all of it in your mouth, take it all."

"GGGHHH. Augghhh. Ssshhgghh. MGLNNGLLNHH..."

"You'll make me come. I'll shoot it all right down your tonsils, you crazy
cunt."

"No, Richard. I want more. I want to be so dirty. Will you fuck me in the ass?"

"Later. I want to kiss you."

"Kiss me all over, and I'll kiss you."

"You like me to hurt you."

"Yes! And I want to come while you're hurting me."

"Kiss my body, Laura."

"Kiss my body, Richard. And bite my nipples."

"Stretch out for me. I want your naked boyd writhing against my mouth."

"I wish my husband would come home."

"Why?"

"I want him to watch us. I want him to watch us kissing, loving, fucking naked.
I want him to watch his wife rolling all over the ground in passion, sucking on
another man's dick, being taken, being hurt..."

"Oh. Oh Laura. I'm--"

"Oh, Richard. Do it. I'm coming again. Do it on me. Squirt it on my body. On my
tits. AAAAIIIIEEEE!"

"LAURA! Now! Take it!"

"AHH! Hit my body, whip my skin, kill me. AH. AH. AH. OH. AH. IIII. Oh. Lie on
top of me, my darling. Crush my body. Pin me down and do it again. I want you
again and again and again. Hurt me, savage me, rape me. I am Laura the slut
whore!"...




MAKING DADDY WATCH
By V.P. Viddler

Your daughter sucks cock like a doll. What is she, sixteen, seventeen tops? It
must be natural talent.

You like seeing her that way, on her knees? With my prick in her mouth? I like
it all right, I'll tell you that. Maybe you'll like it better when I get her
spread out on that bed, and strip all her clothes off and start playing around
with that fine young body.

Don't stop sucking, baby. The longer you can keep me happy with that beautiful
mouth, the longer you can put off being hurt. But much as I love what you're
doing, baby, I can hardly wait to start on your body. It's going to be an awful
lot of fun. For me. Not for you. Not for your daddy. Damn, I just hope he can
hold out for a good long time. I hope he's real stubborn. But how long do you
think he'll be able to watch the things I'm going to do to you? How long will he
be able to listen to the sounds you'll make? All those wonderful sounds. That
will come out of that lovely mouth. As I work on you. After I strip you. Strip
you naked. So I can watch you squirming on that bed. All spread out and
stretched tight, tied down, twisting, straining, panting. In fright. And your
daddy can watch also. Who knows, maybe he'll enjoy it as much as I will.

What's the matter, daddy? Don't want to watch your sexy daughter being hurt?
I'll bet you've wondered what she looks like naked. Right?

Come on, daddy. Tell the truth. That nubile young body. I'll bet you can't wait
to get a look at it. What fine young breasts she must have. Right, daddy? Really
firm, and high and round and soft-- you'd like to put your hands on them, I'm
sure. And the nipples-- all pink, probably, and upstanding? Right? And tender.
So tender. I can't wait to pinch them. Pinch those nipples. Hard. Until she
starts to cry. And yell. Until she--don't stop, darling. I'll bet your daddy is
getting a hard-on. You think?

Would you like your daughter to do this to you, daddy? No? You'd rather watch me
hurting her, right? You want to watch as I fuck her? Think about it, daddy.
Think of watching me making it with your sexy daughter. And pinching her
nipples. And whipping her. You want to watch that? Whipping that soft young body
until she's screaming and thrashing around and pulling at her bonds and begging,
begging me to stop and begging you to talk, just begging you to talk so I'll
stop hurting her. Because I'll do anything it takes. You know that. Will all
that make you talk, or will it just get you all hot for her? Maybe you'll talk
if I make her do this for you. If I make her fuck for you. No?

This is going to be fun. What a mouth, what a tongue, what lips. I'm going to
come, your daughter is making me come, right in her mouth, take this, baby,
right down your throat, and you swallow it, honey. I want your daddy to watch
you swallowing my come. That's it, now. Take it, baby, now yes take it ah ah ah
ah ah ah ah AHHHH.

Swallow. Swallow, baby. Again. Again. Again.

See that, daddy? Now. Want her to do it for you? Or do you want to watch me
strip her and spread her and hurt her and fuck her? Which? How about both?
That's it! Stand up, baby. You sweet scared frightened little thing. Let me
pinch those things first. Oh good, she's crying already. Damn, she squirms so
nicely! You want me to stop, darling? Yes? Want me to stop hurting you? Will you
suck your daddy's cock for him? No? Will you do it now? What? Yes? That's a good
girl.

Take it off first. That's it. Off. All off.

I want to whip that body. Watch those sexy legs, daddy. What curvy sexy damn
legs. Whipping those thighs. Having them spread out and making her wrap them
around my waist. Oh yes, cry for me, baby. Want her to suck you, daddy? Want to
watch her crawl? She'll crawl. Naked.

Put that mouth on your daddy's prick. Kiss it, lick it, and suck it. Now I'll
hurt you. Okay, daddy? Isn't she a natural cock sucker? I'm going to whip her as
she's sucking you. Listen to that sound. Isn't she beautiful that way? Now talk
or I'll make her stop. Talk and I'll make her swallow it, swallow it all, suck
and swallow...




MOIRA'S BREASTS
By V.P. Viddler

The cord bit into my wrists, and I knew it was no use to try to loosen it,
though I knew that my position, hands behind my back, was making my breasts
thrust toward him. I was conscious of them rising and falling against my cotton
blouse, but I couldn't control my frightened breathing. I could only stand
facing him and watch him looking at them.

John could always tell what I was thinking. "Yes, Moira," he said now. "They are
exciting, moving that way. and no, I don't wish to stop looking at them. In
fact, I'm looking forward to putting my hands on them any minute now."

"John," I said, as steadily as I could. "You are a bastard."

"You may as well stop tugging at your wrists, Moira," John said. "You cannot get
away. You are my prisoner now."

"John," I said. "You can't do this. You know you can't."

"Oh, do stop, Moira," John said. "And say something nice, for a change. For
instance, you could say, `John, I would like you to put your hands on my sexy
round breasts.' Do say that, Moira."

"Go to hell," I said. It was foolish of me to say it. I knew what he would say.

"All right," John said. "I'll just make that call, shall I?"

I almost sank to my knees.

"No," I said, choking.

"What?" John said. "I can't hear you, Moira."

"No," I said again. "No, don't."

"Say please," John said.

Shame and loathing rose up in me, but I choked it down. "Please," I said.

And John said, "Right. Now say, John, I would like you to put your hands on my
sexy round breasts."

I swallowed hard. I was shaking. I would have given anything not to submit to
him. But I had no choice.

"John," I whispered.

"I can't hear you, Moira," John said, grinning.

I wanted to spit at him. But I said, louder, "John--I... would like you...to put
your--your hands...on my...sexy round b-breasts."

"Oh, good," John said mockingly. And he put up his hands. Instinctively, I took
a step back.

John said nothing. He waited.

I bit my lip. And I stepped forward.

And John put his hands on my breasts.

I didn't move.

"How soft and firm they are," John said. "Ask me to squeeze them, Moira."

I shut my eyes.

"No," John said. "Open your eyes and ask me."

"I--" I couldn't. But I must. "Squeeze them," I said.

"Please," John said.

"P-please," I got out.

John clamped his hands hard. I felt his fingers digging into my flesh. I felt as
though my breasts were in a vise. I cried out and tried to move away.

"Don't move!" John commanded.

I stopped. I twisted in his grasp. I bit at my lip, moans coming from my mouth.

"Hurt?" John said. "Hurt, Moira? I'm so glad."

"John, please--" I moaned.

"No, Moira. No. I want it to hurt. I want you to suffer pain. This is just a
beginning."

"I can't! Stop!" I howled. John was panting, watching my twisting, squirming
bound body.

"Moira," he panted. "Tell me to squeeze harder. Go on. Say, harder John.
Harder!"

"No! My go!" I cried frantically.

"Say it!" John demanded. "Say it or by god, you know what I'll do!"

"For god's sake--"

"Say it!"

"Oh Jesus god, all right!" I was sobbing now with the awful pain, crying and
writhing, but I had to say it. "Harder!" I sobbed. "Oh god, do it harder, oh you
bastard, harder!"

"Yes!" John said, and clamped with all his might.

"Aaarrrggghhh!" I screamed, spasming with agony. "AUUUGGHHHH! Oh no stop
AARRRGGHH no more fuck me please..."




MRS. VANDERBILT
By V.P. Viddler

"Just how badly do you want that, Mrs. Vanderbilt?"

"I think you know."

"I understand you want it very badly. But just how badly?"

"Just as badly as you think, Mr. Pym."

"And just how far would you go to obtain it, Mrs. Vanderbilt?"

"At this point, Mr. Pym, I can conceive of no limit."

"Is that right? No limit at all?"

"No, Mr. Pym. None at all."

"That's certainly fascinating. As you know, I do have certain connections."

"Which is why I am here."

"Yes. But I incur many risks, as you know; and I must ask for compensation that
can be thought of as--extraordinary."

"I understand."

"Do you, Mrs. Vanderbilt?"

"I think that I do. But, Mr. Pym, why don't you tell me just what it is that you
have in mind?"

"I think you know that."

"Do I?"

"You are a most attractive woman, Mrs. Vanderbilt."

"Thank you."

"I have long admired your beauty. And your, shall I say, voluptuousness. May I
say that?"

"You have said it, Mr. Pym."

"I will say it again. I have long admired your body, Mrs. Vanderbilt. Your
intriguing, sensuous, and so provocative body."

"I see."

"Admired it, and desired it."

"I see."

"I may say plainly, lusted for it. I think I am making myself plain, am I not,
Mrs. Vanderbilt?"

"Pellucid, Mr. Pym. And so I am to understand that the price I shall pay for
obtaining that which I so wish for is to allow you to possess this body of which
you speak so highly."

"Ah, Mrs. Vanderbilt, your way of putting things is always so elegant. So
gracious. So--if I may use your own delicious word--pellucid. So like yourself."

"Thank you, Mr. Pym. But I am afraid I cannot return that compliment. But allow
me to speak plainly. I do, as you know, badly want what I want. And, Mr. Pym, if
that is the only way I may obtain it, I will submit. If my body is what you
want, I will give it to you. Acquaint me with the time and place at which this
consummation is to take place, and I shall appear. And I will submit to you.
Will that be satisfactory?"

"Ah, Mrs. Vanderbilt. It affords me untold pleasure to hear you say those words.
But alas, I must say no. No, Mrs. Vanderbilt. That is not satisfactory."

"Is it not? I am afraid I must have misunderstood you, sir."

"No, you did not. Simply, you have not understood me far enough. I must say to
you, Mrs. Vanderbilt, that although I do badly wish to possess that body, and
indeed will not rest calmly until I do--that is not all that I want from you."

"Is it not?"

"It is not. I will explain. You see, Mrs. Vanderbilt, what attracts my lust is
not only, not exclusively, that fine aristocratic body, that fine aristocratic
face. It is that very elegance of which I spoke a moment ago. It is you, it is
the very essence of you, Mrs. Vanderbilt. Elegance. Graciousness. Aristocracy.
Hauteur, if you will. Yes. Hauteur. Pride. If I may say, snobbishness? It is
that quality, dear Mrs. Vanderbilt, which attracts my lusts and my desires. For
it is that quality which I wish to destroy."

"Destroy?"

"Destroy, Mrs. Vanderbilt. Abolish. Banish. Crush. Smash. Grind into the dust."

"Please, Mr. Pym. And you are saying--"

"I am saying, madam, that the price I will extract from you is not simply the
use of that splendid body. Though use it I certainly will. What I will demand of
you, madam, is submission."

"Submission?"

"Submission. Absolute, thorough, complete, utter submission. Unquestioning,
uncomplaining, instant, unalloyed and unending submission. To my will. To my
whim. To my every wish and thought and command. Am I making myself clear,
madam?"

"I must say I think you are, Mr. Pym. I had not--I do not--I take it you--you
wish to--in some manner--degrade me. Is that it?"

"Oh, not in some manner, Mrs. Vanderbilt. But in every manner. In any manner I
so wish. I do indeed wish to degrade you, as you put it. I wish to have you in
my power. Utterly. I wish to, as I say, destroy that aristocratic and haughty
air of superiority, and to humble you before me. To look upon you as my slave.
My property. My plaything. That is what I want, Mrs. Vanderbilt. That is what I
must have if you wish my aid in obtaining your goal."

"I hardly--I hardly know what to say--I--"

"A simple yes will be sufficient, madam."

"I don't--but this is monstrous! Insane!"

"As you wish, madam."

"And for how long, Mr. Pym, would you wish this--situation to obtain?"

"For as longas I say so, Mrs. Vanderbilt."

"That is outrageous!"

"Probably. That is my demand. You may take it or leave it."

"I will go."

"As you wish."

"This cannot be."

"As you wish."

"Is there nothing--"

"Nothing."

"I want it. I do want it. I must have it. I will do anything, anything to obtain
it. But--but this--But you cannot-- you must stipulate a limit. I cannot agree
to this indefinitely. I cannot."

"All right. I will concede that much. I will say a month."

"A month!"

"A month. That is all. Decide."

"I--I must know--first--I must know just what it is that you will--that I
must--"

"You will crawl on your knees. You will strip for me and ask me to take your
body. You will kiss my feet and lick my floor and you will submit your breasts
and your vagina and your anus and your thighs to my commands. And you will do
that for my friends also."

"Not that! Oh please not that!"

"I want you crawling, crying, screaming."

"I will I will I will... Do you mean to hurt me?"

"Ah. Do I intend to give you pain? To sit and gloat upon that slavish nude body
bound and spread, watching you squirming and relishing your screams of agony? Is
that what you are asking, Mrs. Vanderbilt?"

"I suppose it is."

"But of course I am."

"And of course I cannot dissuade you; for anything I may put forth in the way of
temptation, any activity I may agree to submit to, even to cooperate with, any
unusual variation or original position I may offer as a diversion, you will put
into use as you like, in any case, and still have no compunction as to giving me
pain as you wish."

"You put it truly, madam."

"And is there nothing I can voluntarily submit to, no test or obstacle I may
substitute to avoid that?"

"Nothing."

"Ah."

"And now, Mrs. Vanderbilt, would you stand up, please?"

"Ah. You are going to ask me to strip for you, is that it?"

"No, madam."

"No?"

"No. I am going to COMMAND you to strip for me."

"I see."

"Good. Stand up."

"You said nothing about my mouth."

"What was that?"

"I said, Mr. Pym, you said nothing about my mouth. You said that I was to submit
my breasts to your commands--and to those of your friends--and my vagina, and my
anus, and my thighs. But you did not mention my mouth at all. Is it that you do
not want my mouth?"

"If this is a distraction, madam, it is a foolish one. I may have overlooked
your lovely mouth in my list, but I can assure you that I will make use of it.
You may count on that. And, Mrs. Vanderbilt, if you do not stand up this minute
so that I may watch you strip yourself naked in front of me, I will make use of
it right now. You will find yourself still fully dressed, if that is how you
want it, but on your knees, with my cock far down that aristocratic throat,
filling that mouth, distorting those luscious lips, as you lick and tongue and
kiss and suck on my tool, which will soon spit its gism into that round mouth
you speak of so lightly, and I will watch as you swallow every drop of it--that
which I do not spurt upon your lovely aristocratic slut's face. Now, which shall
it be, madam?"

"Your rough talking is affecting me, sir."

"Oh? By god, I think it is! I can see your nipples, Mrs. Vanderbilt. Poking
right out against that dress. And I think you're almost panting. Why is that?"

"It is not voluntary, I assure you. But what you say is arousing, I must admit."

"About having my prick in your mouth? With my hand in your fine dark hair,
holding your head in my lap, forcing you to suck me, not allowing you to move,
holding you still as I erupt down your throat and across your crying face?"

"Oh. I will strip for you, sir. I will do it now."

"Wait."

"What?"

"Sit still. Do it slowly. Pull that skirt up. Slowly. Wait. Ask me first."

"What?"

"Ask me if you may."

"Oh. May I--sir--please--may I pull up my skirt for you?"

"Why?"

"To--to show you my legs, sir. To expose my thighs for you."

"Do it. Good. Oh, such legs. Such fabulous thighs. More. Higher. Pull it up all
the way around your waist. Ah, what thighs! I want them around my body, holding
me as I fuck you, Mrs. Vanderbilt. I want them spread out and stretched taut,
quivering with pain as I hurt them. I want them kicking wildly, flailing in
agony as you hang by your wrists and I lay my whip acorss your body, as my
friends look on."

"Oh, sir."

"Ask me, Mrs. Vanderbilt."

"May I crawl to you, sir, and put my mouth on your manly tool?"

"You are a slut, madam."

"I am a slut, sir, if you say so."

"I do. You are a whore."

"I am a whore. You said you would wish to have me as a slave, as property, as
plaything. I am yours. Command me."

"I want you naked, on hands and knees, crouching over my body and sucking avidly
at my cock."

"I will. I will."

"And I want your husband to watch."

"What? Oh no. Not that! Not my husband! Please! Not him. Anyone else. I will do
it for anyone you wish, but not him. Please! Please no please!"

"Call him."

"I beg you, I implore you, I bessech you, I will do anything--"

"If your husband witnesses that, do you think he will want to whip you?"

"I do."

"That is a thought, is it not? Your fabulous body bound tight, taut, straining,
your husband whipping you as I fuck you. And then changing places, I whipping
you, your husband fucking. And then to get us hard again, both of us whipping
you, he in back, I in front; and then both fucking you in the same position. And
we must call in a third participant to make use of your mouth simultaneously."

"Do it. Do it. I want it. I will do anything you say. I will crawl. I want to be
a toy for all of you."

"Call him."

"But I shall not obtain what I want so badly."

"No, Mrs. Vanderbilt. You will not."

"I don't care. I am nothing now."

"Call him."

"Shall I call him in the nude?"

"No. I want to whip your clothing off you."

"Ah. All right. May I crawl to your telephone?"

"On your stomach."

"Ah. Watch me. Watch me crawling."

"Has your husband heard you scream?"

"No."

"Too bad. He will."

"I know."

"I will make you scream, Mrs. Vanderbilt."

"I want to scream. I want to scream for you. I want you to hear my pain."

"You will beg. You will plead with me to stop hurting you."

"If I do, you will not."

"That is right."

"I will scream for anyone you wish. I will scream for all the men in the world.
I will scream until I can make no sound. My body will twist and writhe and flail
and you will all take me, possess me as I sob helplessly, hurt my thighs,
destroy my breasts, burn my nipples, and I will be a howling babbling spasming
naked thing slut whore..."




MRS. X AND MRS. Y
By V.P. Viddler

I can't tell you their names because you would recognize who it is and such
grand famous society women can't have that. Mr. Big told them nobody would find
out and nobody will. Nobody knows anything about it, and when those fancy
columns talk about them, always with pictures, of course, for these are young,
beautiful, lovely aristocratic fashion ladies, nobody can imagine what they did.

What we did to them.

So I'll call them Mrs. X and Mrs. Y. But you know them, the young sleek
fashionplates, slim, tan, smiling. Young Mrs. X and young Mrs. Y.

What Mr. Big did, he put Mrs. X in the living room, just sitting there because
Barry was sitting and pointing a gun at her, and Mr. Big wanted Mrs. X to listen
to what was going on in the bedroom. Which she did.

What was going on was Mrs. Y screaming as Mr. Big broke all of Mrs. Y's fingers.

Oh yes, Mrs. Y was tied down, spread eagled on the bed, stark naked, and I was
on top of her, lying on that soft body with my cock in her cunt. And Mr. Big was
standing by a corner of the bed, holding Mrs. Y's hand, which couldn't get away
on account of how her wrist was tied to the bedpost, and Mr. Big was breaking
the fingers on that hand, one by one, slowly, pulling them back and back, harder
and harder until they wouldn't go any further, as Mrs. Y cried and babbled and
tried to talk, to say no, and then that finger would snap as it broke and Mrs. Y
would scream crazily and that body would spasm and jump and jerk around, and
each finger going brought that fantastic motion, and it was fabulous for me.

And Mr. Big, finishing with that hand, went to the other side and started in on
the other hand. Pull. Snap. Spasm. Scream. Babble. Plead. Pull. Moan. Snap.
Scream. Body thrashing against me.

Fantastic.

And after finishing with Mrs. Y's hands, Mr. Big moved again and started in on
her toes.

It went on and on, ten more times, screaming and spasming and snapping. Until
finally I had to come in Mrs. Y's jouncing, writhing cunt.

That wasn't all, though. Mr. Big was mad as hell at Mrs. Y for not doing what he
told her in the first place, and he made Mrs. Y do a lot of stuff, broken
fingers and toes and all. Which Mrs. Y did, flopping about with her agonizing
useless hands and feet, crawling and rolling and sucking Mr. Big's cock and
fucking us all and all that time screaming with pain, screaming and screaming in
agony and horror and pain.

And this is what Mrs. X had to listen to in the living room. For hours.

So that when Mr. Big got to her, Mrs. X was ready to do anything, she was so
scared. Mrs. X was shaking and moaning, but she did just what she was told.

Mrs. X was crying as she took off her clothes for us and displayed that soft
smooth tan sensuous body. She was still crying as she was crawling around the
room on hands and knees, and sobbing hard as she was sucking Mr. Big's cock,
exactly as he told her to, slavishly following his commands, licking, tongueing,
sucking, swallowing.

And then Mr. Big made Mrs. X fuck us all, again and again, with cunt and mouth
and ass, and Mrs. X got on top of me and put my dick into her pussy and bounced
up and down for my pleasure. And I told Mr. Big I would love for him to break
Mrs. X's fingers as she was fucking me and she screamed and said no no no please
no and promised all kinds of dirty things but Mr. Big did it anyway and Mrs. X
was howling and twisting and I shot and shot and shot...




My Bare Lady
By V.P. Viddler

Lady Milford was trembling.

Rufus had not looked up from his work as he had heard her coming downstairs to
the servants' quarters, nor as she had slowly approached the table at which he
stood. And he did not have to look up now to know that she was trembling badly.
Only as Lady Milford spoke did he finally look at her, and then it was a slow,
almost insolent, moving of his eyes upward, over her form as she stood across
the table from him. Such a look as would have been unthinkable had it not been
for circumstances that had occurred not many days ago. His gaze moving up across
Lady Milford's body, from her round hips up to her full bosom, up again slowly
to her face, which, blazing, drawn, exhibited anger, and shame, and fear, and
most of all a knowledge of what Rufs was thinking, of what he was remembering.

That shaking voice had faltered, but now she swallowed hard and began again. "My
husband--my husband has commanded me--" trying to fix her look upon him but not
quite able to do so, the dark eyes halfway downcast, as he took in that full yet
willowy form, that softly cascading blonde hair. "--to ask you to--to punish
me," Lady Milford said, barely gasping out the words. "To-- to the best of your
ability."

"I see," Rufus said, looking at Lady Milford's halfway downcast eyes. Hearing
her laboring breath. Looking at the high bosom, rising and falling. Recalling.
"And did he say how I should punish you, my lady?"

"No."

"I see. My choice, then, is it?

"I--I--yes."

"And did my lord specify just what extent of severity I am to employ?"

A near moan from Lady Milford. "No. But--" A sharp breath. "He said--he would
expect--to hear me, upstairs. To hear me-- screaming."

"Ah," Rufus said.

Lady Milford's mortification was highly satisfactory. It was of course what her
husband had wanted for her. In addition to that actual punishment which would
result in that screaming he was no doubt waiting to hear from his wife.

This was not the first occasion on which Lord Milford had subjected his lady to
such mortification, nor to such punishment. That had taken place not a month
previously. Lord and Lady Milford sitting at breakfast. Lady Milford pale,
trembling as Rufus had come in in answer to his lordship's ring.

"No," Lady Milford was saying. "Not that, Richard, please. Not the servants. You
can't. Please, Richard. Not that. Please."

"But you have been so willful, my dear. You know you have. And you must be made
to know your place. I am afraid this is the only way."

"Dear god," Lady Milford had whispered. "Oh, dear god. Richard, no. I will be--"

"Rufus," Lord Milford said. "Lady Milford is in need of instruction. I want you
to assist me in instilling into her the principles of submission to her husband.
I trust you will have no objection to acting in this matter."

"Not at all, my lord."

And Lady Milford with a horror-filled moan had slid from her chair and fallen to
her knees. "I beg you, Richard," sobbing, "I am begging you on my knees. You
cannot mortify me in this way. Not with--"

"You shall know your place, my dear, and your servants will know it also. Rufus,
you will accompany Lady Milford and myself to the lady's bedroom."

Recalling this, and what had followed, Rufus gazing at the shaking form of his
mistress could see that Lady Milford also was recalling. As Lord Milford had
planned, each time she saw him she would recall that horror, and know that he
also was thinking of it, and know that it could and probably would occur again
at her husband's pleasure.

As now.

"If you please, my lady," Rufus said now. "Remove your shirtwaist."

A short gasp. A swaying of the body, a tightness of the fists. "I--oh god, I--"

"If you please, my lady. Now."

"Ohhh." And Lady Milford with shaking fingers began to unbutton the garment
hiding her bosom. But now the dark eyes moved, widening with sudden shock and
apprehension as she now saw Titus, his youthful apprentice, lurking in the gloom
of the background.

"What--why is--"

"Do not stop, my lady. Your husbnad, I trust, did not particularly say that your
punishment was to be limited to my eyes alone."

"Oh--but--oh, I--no--"

"Did he, my lady?

"I--ohh--no--but--"

"Then I think my lord will not mind that Titus--or anyone else who may happen
in--all of us--will watch, will witness, and perhaps as reward for assiduity may
participate in that which my lord has ordained. Is it not so, my lady?"

Lady Milford looked faint. Shaking her head slowly. "Please--" And a tear was
rolling down that pale and beautiful face.

Titus was watching, breathing hard enough.

"Go on, my lady."

Looking away now, fingers shaking harder, Lady Milford unbuttoned that
shirtwaist and with a sob now pulled it apart, baring to Rufus and to Titus and
to anyone possibly lurking in the corners her high proud quivering round
pink-nippled breasts, Rufus now recalling his first sight of that body bare on
that day when, having accompanied his lord and lady to Lady Milford's bedroom,
he had hardly crediting his ears heard Lord Milford say to his wife, "Now, my
dear, with Rufus's aid I shall punish you for your sins. You will undress
yourself, my dear. Totally, if you please."

Lady Milford staring in horror, dumbly, then "Oh no. God, Richard--"

"You see how my wife is disobedient," the lord said. "Carolina, you will obey me
instantly or I shall have Rufus do it for you. If necessary I will bind you for
him so that he may strip you without hindrance. Which is it to be?"

"Please. Oh please. If you have any--"

"Rufus--"

"No!" And moaning and sobbing and flaming and trembling and gasping Lady Milford
had undressed herself before his eyes. Utterly, as her lord had demanded. And
then had fallen to her knees, hiding her face with her hands, crouching to hide
that magnificent body. But soon rising again at her husband's command, to stand
naked in Rufus's gaze.

"Is my wife not a lady fit for a king?" said Lord Milford. "Do you not desire
her body, Rufus?"

A terrible sob from the lady.

"If you will have my answer sir--"

"I will."

"I do indeed, sir. Most strongly."

"Richard for pity's own sake--"

"My dear. You will lie on the bed, if you please. For your chastisement. On your
stomach. Now, Carolina."

"Richard--send him away--I will--I will obey--you can punish me--but for god's
sake--not this--not him--"

"Rufus, you will put Lady Milford on the bed, and hold her still so that I may
bind her wrists together and lash them to the headboard."

"Richard--"

But this was done. With that naked supple sinuous body stretching on the bed,
wrists bound, arms over her head, squirming and writhing and pleading.

"If you hold her by the ankles so that she cannot thrash about too much, I will
whip this willfulness out of her."

And with Rufus holding Lady Milford's slim ankles in his strong grip, as her
body twisted ineffectually on that soft bed, Lord Milford produced a thin but
vicious-looking leather whip. And suddenly raising it and cracking it down
savagely across his lady's naked twisting back. Making Lady Milford buck
sharply, pulling frantically against her bonds and Rufus's hands, and screaming
loudly, loudly and shrilly, the first of a long string of screams and howls and
cries of agony which tore from that yelling throat as her lord brought that
punishing lash down upon her again and again and again, across her back and her
buttocks and her thighs, striping Lady Milford's body without mercy from
shoulders to knees. And that body twisting and arching and bucking and
squirming.

And at last Lord Milford paused. And said breathlessly, "Turn her over."

"NOOO!" A spine-tingling shout of terror.

"Turn her over!"

And Rufus did, twisting her ankles until the lady's body was forcibly turned
onto her back. With her arms stretching above to pull her breasts high and taut.
And her bareness blazing at him, shaming her even in her fear.

"Shall I whip your breasts, my dear?"

"No! No! Richard, no!"

But he did. Once. Twice. And again.

And as Lady Milford was just beginning to diminish the awful howls and whippings
of her body, her husband said, "Now, Carolina, having so sluttishly aroused
Rufus with your nakedness and your writhings and squirmings, you will allow him
to satisfy his lust upon that same body. I am looking forward to watching you
possessed by a servant, who will take you mercilessly and violate you as you
deserve. Rufus, I want you to rape my wife."

And as Lady Milford, hoarse with screaming, yet began to scream again, and as
with the releasing of her ankles she pulled that aching body up into a ball save
only those still bound hands, crying and babbling to her husband to spare her
this most awful, most sordid, most shameful, most horrifying, most mortifying,
most unthinkable violation, Rufus was removing his clothing.

"You will stretch out, my dear," said Lord Milford. "You will lay yourself out
and open your body to this brute. I say you will."

And when she had not, the lord has simply whipped that body again, lashing any
part of that soft pale skin that was available, slashing the whip down so
viciously across that flesh that each blow sounded like a pistol shot. Until the
screaming shouting twisting Lady Milford could stand no more, and sobbingly laid
herself out for him, her lord whipping her across the thighs until she
unwillingly spread her long sensuous legs.

And Rufus had fallen upon that body and taken her like an animal. It was utter
conquest; rape, pillage, spoliation, violation, defilement; and Lord Milford
watching it all with satisfaction as his wife was thus forcibly taught that
lesson so unsupportable to her.

"And now, my dear, you will know that this will always be with you. And I will
know. And Rufus will know. Always. And at any time in future that I conclude
that you require another dose of such instruction, I will, you may be sure,
administer it."

And now Lady Milford with tears in her eyes was pulling off her shirtwaist for
him, to satisfy her husband who was upstairs listening for her screams. And as
she did so, not looking at him, with her arms wide in the act of pulling off the
garment, Rufus swiftly picked up a red-hot small branding tool that was handy on
the table, hissing in its flame, and without warning brought it up and pressed
its glowing tip directly against the luscious flesh of Lady Milford's left
breast, just below the nipple, holding it against that vulnerable mound in the
shocking instant that it took Lady Milford to react. Lady Milford, with a
terrible blood-curdling howl of agony, fell backwards, pulling in horror and
torment away from the insupportable pain, and in doing so fell down upon the
floor, crouching there with bent body, cradling that tortured breast, further
loud horrid cries of pain issuing from her twisting mouth.

"That, I think, should pleasure his lordship, listening for your screams, my
lady," Rufus said. "Please get up, Lady Milford."

Moans and gasps.

"I must insist, my lady, that you stand for me."

"Oh, you--" But Lady Milford slowly, unsteadily, got up to stand, swaying,
shaking, again before him. "Please--"

"My lady, I am afraid I must, for the sake of symmetry, which I know my lord
values, balance that mark on your breast with a similar brand on its opposite."

Lady Milford turned white as a ghost. "No. No! I'll do anything--I'll obey you
in anything--for pity's sake I cannot--" And Rufus picking up the glowing tool
once again, Lady Milford backed away from him, moving toward the stairs.

"I don't advise that you run away, my lady. My lord has--"

"Oh please--don't--I can't--"

"I will make it easier for you, my lady. Titus--as my lady will not or cannot
stand still for another taste of this iron, you will have to assist her. Come
behind Lady Milford and hold her still."

"No! Oh god no!"

But Titus only too eager to fulfill this duty was now behind her, and had seized
hold of her arms. Lady Milford twisted vainly, her twistings increasing as Rufus
brought that tool toward her right breast.

"Hold her tightly."

"No! NO OH NO PLEASE NO--" Trying frantically to shrink back, to break Titus's
strong grasp, but Titus held on, pulling her arms back, making those shaking
bosoms thrust toward the hot tool as though asking to be touched.

And Rufus said, "Look at me, Lady Milford."

"Oh god no please--"

And Titus carried away by the proximity of the half naked body and her arousing
forcible submission twisted a hand in that falling down yellow hair and by
pulling on it forced Lady Milford's head up with a painful cry so that she was
looking wildly into Rufus's eyes.

"Look what I am going to do to you, my lady. Look how I am going to cause you
such pain that your husband would hear you sream should he be at the topmost
floor of his house, and behind closed doors. Look at what power I have to make
you suffer. Oh, you will scream for me, my lady. Look." And Rufus brought the
small iron forward to hiss against the lady's breast, holding it there as she
flailed and thrashed and spasmed in Titus's grasp, and Lady Milford's horrifying
inhuman ear-shattering screams indeed filled the house, again and again,
reverberating throughout the rooms, upstairs and down, howl upon howl, until
Lady Milford collapsed, almost unconscious.

Signaling Titus to let go, Rufus caught his lady in his arms, holding her
against him. Again she struggled, but faintly.

"Titus. Strip the remainder of her clothing off her."

"No--no--"

But as Rufus clutched that body hard against himself, Titus avidly tore her
clothing from her, panting, until Lady Milford was naked, Titus staring in lust
and awe at that lustrous smooth long-legged form.

And Rufus said, "Whip her, Titus. Do not gape at me, you oaf. Take your belt and
whip her. Hard, mind. Hard, I say!"

And Titus did just that, laying his broad leathter belt with a will across Lady
Milford's back and buttocks and thighs, and her back again, as Rufus urged him
on to hit harder, and Lady Milford twisting and writhing and jerking against
Rufus's hard body, screaming and howling and shouting and shrieking as that
strap cracked continuously across her agonized body.

And at last those sounds brought the lord himself downstairs to investigate.

"Most satisfactory," said Lord Milford. "I have been enjoying your screams
highly, my dear. And I can see Rufus has done an excellent job. And for that he
shall of course be rewarded. What would you ask, Rufus?"

"I would ask, my lord, permission to violate my lady in a way even more
degrading, more bestial, more animalistic than before." "Why not?" her husband
said. "You both may. And also any of the other servants who would care to
participate. I will watch. I think Lady Milford will learn from this, will you
not, my darling?"

"Richard--anything--I'll crawl for you--I'll be your slave-- anything-- please
don't let them--please god please god please no don't god--"

And Rufus and Titus now took the moaning crying lady and bound her face down
over a large standing chopping block, her torso fastened over the top with her
wrists and ankles lashed to the four legs. Twisting and struggling and pleading
frantically for mercy, as Rufus stood behind her and slowly, powerfully,
savagely invaded her hitherto virginal anus with his long thick tool. And then
proceeded to violate that twisting body as Lady Milford again screamed her agony
to the world.

"Titus," Lord Milford said. "You must stand by your lady's head, so that she may
find employment for that busy mouth by using it to pleasure your pintle."

"NOOOOO!" Lady Milford shouted. 'OH GOD NO RICHARD NO NO NO NO NO!"

Titus's tool was now out and quite stiff. And standing in front of the agonized
woman's face. "Carolina," said her husband. "You will pleasure this lad with
your mouth. You will do it until you have satisfied him completely and have
taken into your belly all that he has to give you. Do you understand? Or must
I--"

"Oh god! Please. All right. Yes. Oh no. Oh dear god--"

And as the lord took a step toward her, Lady Milford with a horrifying moan
lifted her head and opened her mouth and took Titus's throbbing tool inside it.
And as her husband laughingly looked on, as Rufus ruthlessly deflowered her back
passage, Lady Milford sobbingly, moaningly, painfully, agonizedly, degradingly
used her soft lips and crying mouth and pain-driven tongue and at last her
gulping, gagging, retching but obediently swallowing throat to bring Titus such
ecstasy as he had never known.

"Do not unbind my lady," Lord Milford said when Rufus and Titus had finished
with her. "I wish to savor her in this position, so debased and mortified. My
dear, such intercourse, so to speak, with lowly servants is good for you, I
think. and you will, from now on, pay such a visit down here on a regular basis,
once a week. Do not dare to attempt to beg for mercy, my dear. It will do no
good. And if I warrant you have earned it, I shall command such visitations
still more frequently. Will you say, yes, my lord, as an obedient wife should?
Or shall I take a whip to you just as you are, which I must say is my strong
wish at this point."

"I--I--Richard--"

"Ah. The whip. Good."

And the whip it was, and this whipping was so productive of wrigglings and
jouncings and screamings that Titus and Rufus soon became stiff again. Now Lady
Milford was bound on her back over the chopping block, and for the rest of that
day and night the cellar shook its walls with her howls and begging and cracking
of whips and sizzling of burning flesh and the smack of copulation as all the
servants of the house violated Lady Milford in every possible way, as her
husband gladly savored the continuous raping and degradation and torturing of
his lady. Until she was crawling as an animal...




MY DAUGHTER GINNY
By V.P. Viddler

Part One
I couldn't hold back any more. I just couldn't, that's all. It was the way Ginny
was moaning into my mouth that did it. Just moaning right into my mouth as she
was kissing me.

They wouldn't let her stop kissing me. All that time they were doing what they
did. Don't stop kissing him, Ginny, they said. Your daddy loves that sexy mouth
of yours. So Ginny didn't stop kissing me. Just as they said. Soft lips
trembling against my mouth. Her tongue in my mouth. Always in my mouth. Moaning.
I guess it was automatic after a while. But Ginny wasn't allowed to stop. And
that moaning.

It was not the only sound Ginny was making, lying that way, on top of my body,
lying full length above me as I lay on my back, lying as they had told her to,
flat on top of me, with her young full breasts mashing against my chest,
thrusting into my flesh, and her soft loins crushing mine, and her young thighs
on top of, against, along my thighs. And Ginny's full young body squirming,
twisting, writhing against and into my body as they did what they did to her, as
they thought of all those things to punish and hurt and debase my Ginny.

My daughter Ginny.

No, that moaning that got to my black lusting soul finally was not the only
sound. At various times it was crying. Crying against my mouth. Sobbing. making
her breasts quiver against my skin. Shaking that body. All of it. Sobbing into
my mouth, still kissing me, still probing with that soft warm tongue. And at
times it was screaming. Hard, agonized, full-throated screams of pain, a bit
muffled with Ginny's mouth on my mouth, screaming right down my throat.

It was not the first occasion on which Ginny screamed that night. Not a bit of
it. Which was why Ginny did what she was told to do. Anything. Such as when they
had told her to lay her young and naked body down on top of her father, on that
hard floor. And to stretch out on top of him. And to kiss him. And to go on
kissing him, no matter what. Using her tongue. Using it all.

So Ginny did. As she screamed. As she was crying and sobbing. As they bound her
hands behind her back, bound her wrists tightly, bound her ankles also. So Ginny
could only squirm, twist, writhe on top of me. Into me. Sobbing. Crying. And
screaming. in my mouth. And always moaning. Just moaning softly, continuously.

Which got me. I couldn't stop it. I couldn't any more, my own daughter, my own
beautiful gorgeous soft luscious moaning kissing soft-lipped daughter, my
seventeen-year-old birthday girl. For it was Ginny's birthday that day, and this
was Ginny's birthday party. A surprise party, thrown by Ginny's old gang, who
didn't like Ginny's new gang. Which was why the party on Ginny's seventeenth
birthday. A day Ginny would hold in mind a long long time.

First, for her seventeenth birthday, they had Ginny blow out seventeen candles.
Seventeen hard, stiff, throbbing candles. Ginny had to blow them all out. Which
Ginny, finally, did. It took a bit of persuasion involving seventeen cigarettes
ground into Ginny's body, but she did it.

And for Ginny's birthday they thought it only fitting for Ginny to be in her
birthday suit. So Ginny did a strip for them. They made me watch that. Along
with other things. I was sick.

So that's why I was lying on the floor on my back with Ginny kissing my mouth.
Through it all. With her hands behind her. As they did it to her. Whipping that
body, those thighs, that back. Taking her, taking my Ginny's body from behind,
mashing her down hard against me, bouncing, sobbing, shaking, moaning. Always
that moaning in my mouth.

And I got hard, I couldn't stop it, my cock got hard for my Ginny, my own
daughter, I was lusting, wanting that moving luscious young body. Somebody
pulled my pants off and my cock sprang up between Ginny's twisting thighs, and
they laughed and laughed. And said to Ginny that she should suck me off. Suck
him, Ginny, they said, as Ginny was still moaning, suck your father off, he's
crazy about your mouth, put your mouth down there and suck on his dick until it
shoots down your throat, Ginny. Do it, Ginny. Now, Ginny.

So Ginny, still moaning, sobbing, squirmed down along my body, wriggling
painfully down, and I didn't want to want that, didn't want to know what was
going on, but my cock was throbbing and I was panting and my daughter Ginny was
squirming down my body, and now that young soft twisting mouth was at my loins,
those soft lips touching my cock, touching, sobbing, searching, and now opening,
taking, swallowing, absorbing, sliding over and around my cock, sliding down,
down, and that tongue, moving, licking, sucking, stroking, and that mouth
sliding now, taking, moving, up, down, up, slowly, slowly, Ginny, they said, do
it slow and sexy, bring your daddy off with that fine sexy mouth, slowly Ginny
did it, moaning around my cock, crying around my dick, and I was babbling and
twisting and coming, right in my daughter's mouth, right down my daughter's
throat, Ginny swallowing, swallowing, crying, moaning, and I said, Happy
birthday Ginny, happy birthday dear Ginny, happy birthday and all of us sang...

 

Part Two
"Untie my hands," Ginny said when they had gone.

"All right," I said. But I didn't.

"Untie me," Ginny said. "It hurts."

"I will," I said. "I will."

"Oh God," Ginny said.

"What?"

"You're not going to do it."

"I am."

"Do it."

"I will. But you look--"

"Oh Christ," Ginny said. "You son of a bitch. You loved it, didn't you?"

"Ginny--"

"All of it. You dug the shit out of it."

"Wait--"

"Didn't you, Daddy? Didn't you? It just turned you on all to hell, right? I saw
that, didn't I?"

"No--I--"

"It got you so damn hot, didn't it, Daddy? All those things they made me do. All
those things they did to me. And my lying on top of you through it all, and
having to kiss you, and you loving it, Daddy, loving the way they had me lying
flat on your body, with my hands tied behind me, just like now, and all of my
body pressing down into you, oh that really did it for you, right, Daddy? And
kissing you, having to go on kissing you all the time they were hurting me, and
whipping me, and fucking me. Making me cry and moan right against your lips, you
dug all that like crazy, Daddy. And when I had to go down on you, god, what a
thrill all of you got from that, little Ginny sucking off her own father. But
they had it right, you loved my mouth, didn't you, Daddy, loved my mouth and my
lips and my tongue on your thing, it got all stiff and hard with my mouth
sucking it, sucking and sucking, and making me swallow it all, right, Daddy?
Sexy, wasn't it, Daddy, having your daughter do that to you, crying all the
time, all naked, right, it must have thrilled you when I had to strip in front
of everybody, strip all my clothes off, and making me crawl around and all, and
when they burned my tits again and again and I screamed my guts out, I bet you
practically shot right in your pants, Daddy. Right, Daddy? Isn't that right? Is
that why you won't untie my wrists, Daddy? You want some more? I'm all naked and
tied for you, and you'd like to do it all again, right Daddy? You're thinking
about hurting me yourself, whipping my body, right? Burning my breasts again?
Making me scream just for you, is that what you want, Daddy? And making me suck
you again, you want my mouth so much. Or maybe you want to fuck me, because you
didn't get to do it to me, did you, Daddy? Just got to have my body wriggling
and twisting and bucking on top of you as they all did it to me. And kissing
you, kissing and moaning, oh, that's making you all hard again, right, Daddy?
Will you hurt me first, or will you fuck me first? I'm all tied up for you, you
can just whip my tits until I do what you say, so if you want me to lie down and
spread my legs for you, I'll do it. So you can fuck your daughter for her
birthday. I won't try to stop you, Daddy, it's too late for that. I'll lie down
and I'll do it for you, I'll wrap my legs around you and squeeze you with my
thighs, you'd dig that, right, Daddy? And I'll even squirm and twist and bounce
around, but you probably want to hurt me anyway, and you'll kiss me and hurt me
so I'll scream and cry into your mouth, I know you want that, and after that
you'll think of all kinds of things to do with me. Like hanging me up by my
wrists, swinging in the air, dangling with my tits sticking up and out. And
making me call up the gang and asking them to come back again so I can crawl and
cry and scream for all of you, how does that sound, Daddy? You want me to suck
you now? Think of all those boys taking my body, making me suck them, and
pissing on me, all standing around me and pissing on my body, and I'm all yours,
Daddy, I'll do anything you want, just don't laugh at me any more Daddy please
Daddy please Daddy please Daddy please Daddy please Daddy I'll do it...."




MY DOLLY
By V.P. Viddler

Long yellow hair my Dolly had, long, long yellow hair. Hanging down past her
waist it was, that soft, straight yellow hair, bouncing and shaking with all
Dolly's sensuous and sensationa motions. Sensuous and sensational, too, were
Dolly's legs. not yellow, but long and tan and fabulous.

"What I want," I told Dolly, "what I want in my blackest soul, is to nail that
long yellow hair down to the floor, nail it tight down, and to put you across
the back of that couch, leaning back across it, your body straining backwards,
your head pulled back and down by that long tightly pulling yellow hair, your
body straining, hanging across the sofa back, and your long fantastic curving
legs taut and stretching, right out there in front of me, all of those delicious
scrumptious smooth damn legs straining and helpless, all of you straining and
helpless, all of you in pain, hurting, crying, panting, sobbing, shaking,
straining hair and long fantastic legs, erotic damn thighs, right there for my
wanting. That's what I want."

"I know," Dolly said. "It sounds awful. It would turn you on. To have me that
way."

"I will," I said.

"No," Dolly said.

"Your body will be mine," I said. "Fabulous body. Straining, aching. Kicking.
Head back, pulling hair. Arching, helpless torso. Breasts pushing up."

"My breasts," Dolly said. "You don't know what my breasts are like. You haven't
seen my breasts."

"I will," I said. "I will not tie your hands, Dolly. Not right away. At first I
will leave your hands free, so that you will be able to open your blouse for
me."

"I won't," Dolly said.

"You will," I said. "You will hurt so badly, be so frantic with pain and horror
and agony that you will do anything I say, anything at all, in the vain hope
that I will stop that pain, that you may get a bit of surcease from that awful,
unending agony and stress. Anything, no matter how shaming, degrading, debasing,
humiliating, soul-destroying it may be. And you will do it, Dolly darling, you
will unbutton that bulging blouse, you will pull it apart for me, you will
expose those breasts to me, and I will look at them. Dolly's breasts. Bare,
naked, quivering, helpless. Mine."

"But you don't know what my breasts look like," Dolly said. "Not like my hair,
my legs, my thighs."

"I can visualize them," I said. "Luscious. Luscious breasts. Pushing, straining
on your tautly stretched body. Shaking slightly. Round and high and firm. And
mine."

"Don't make me do that," Dolly said.

"Oh," I said, "you won't want to. You'll beg, you'll plead, you'll kick and
squirm and wriggle and twist and writhe that bound and helpless body. But
finally you will bare all of it for me. To do with as I will."

"All of it?" Dolly said.

"All of it," I said. "Breasts and nipples--pink nipples--and waist and hips and
loins and vagina and thighs and calves."

"What will you to do me?" Dolly said.

"Touch. Kiss. Bite. Until you are squirming and twisting and writhing and
tossing and straining and arching and moaning and mewling and whimpering and
howling and sobbing and begging and pleading."

"What am I pleading for?" Dolly said.

"You don't know," I said. "My hands will be on you, Dolly. All over you. On your
breasts, sliding on your thighs, loving. And hurting. Loving. And hurting. Your
sensational squirming spasming salacious skin."

"You'll hurt me," Dolly said.

"I will," I said."I want to hurt you. I want you to scream for me, Dolly. Scream
for me and yelp for me and cry out in pain and torment and desperation."

"Hurt my breasts?"

"And your thighs. Yes."

"What will you do to them?" Dolly said.

I said, "I will clamp your small pink stiff nipples in my fingers and I will
squeeze them very very hard. And twist, watching you as I do it. Watching and
listening. Your kicking, thrashing legs and your aching, shaking body. That's
just the first thing I will do."

"How will that make you feel?" Dolly said.

"Fantastic," I said. "And horny as all fucking hell."

"You'll want to fuck me," Dolly said.

"Probably," I said. "I want that now."

"I know," Dolly said. "You always did. But I'll never let you."

"But you will, Dolly," I said, "for I will do such things to you!"

"How will you hurt my legs?" Dolly said.

"Aha!" I said. "Those long, curving, erotic limbs. I will pain your thighs,
Dolly. Your fantastic sweeping tapering luscious thighs. High on your thighs,
way high up, high, high up on your thighs. Hurt them. Badly. Watch them kick and
jerk and thrash and I will make you spread them for me, spread them out and
stretch them so wide, struggling to spread them still farther apart, though your
scalp is burning with the pain of the straining of your pulling hair, that long
yellow pulling hair, dragging your head backward while you stretch your thighs
for me, your breasts going almost flat under the strain of that taut, springy
body. Maybe I'll fuck you then. Maybe. But what about your mouth?"

"Danny, don't," Dolly said.

"Say it again," I said. "My name."

"Danny," Dolly said. "No. Not that. Okay?"

"Why not?" I said.

"I can't," Dolly said.

"Dolly," I said.

"Please," Dolly said. "Please, please, please, please, please, please, please,
Danny. I can't."

"The way your head is hanging back--" I said.

"Danny. No!" Dolly said.

"With such strain on your scalp by that long yellow hair, your mouth will--"

"Don't. That's it," Dolly said. "That's all."

"That mouth will be open," I said. "And in your position--"

"Stop," Dolly said. "I don't want to do this any more."

"In your straining, taut, helpless position," I said. "If I go around to the
back of that couch I will be at just the right spot."

"You can't make me," Dolly said.

"I want to kiss you," I said. "Dolly. Your soft, open lips will call to my lust.
And I will crouch down, down to your lovely twisting face. And I will look at
those trembling, panting, vulnerable lips, and I will kiss that beckoning mouth.
You can't stop it, Dolly. I will kiss you, loving the pain of your lips, the
sounds of torment coming from your throat. I will kiss you and kiss you and kiss
you and I will put my tongue into your mouth, deep deep into your mouth, and I
will make you lick it, Dolly, lick it, for you will do anything I say, and I
will make you lick my tongue with yours, and suck on it with your lips, and take
it down your throat. Only when I am through with raping all of that delicious
mouth will I stop. And now I will stand, stand there in front of your face, with
my stiff, throbbing cock pointing toward that fine and sexy mouth."

"I won't," Dolly said.

"I will make you," I said.

"I will hurt so much," Dolly said. "So much."

"I want that," I said. "And I will put my cock against those soft, moaning,
quivering lips, and I will pry them apart, and I will push my cock into that
panting mouth. Deeply. All the way. And I will know the touch of your tongue on
my turgid cock, and the soft warmth of your girlish mouth. And I will make you
suck it. You will suck it, Dolly."

"Will I?" Dolly said.

"You will," I said. "I promise you that. You will suck it and lick it and kiss
it as I fuck your face, and I will watch that sucking, moving mouth and that
spasming squirming body and those bobbing breasts and thrashing legs, long,
long, gorgeously shaped legs, and I will fucking come down your throat, my
Dolly, and you will swallow and swallow and swallow and swallow and gulp and
choke and swallow and swallow. And--"

Dolly said, "How will you feel my legs? You will not have my thighs around you.
You want my legs wrapping around your waist, I know that, Danny. Wrapping all
around your body, every inch of thigh and calf, and my breasts mashing against
you, and my body grinding, grinding into yours--"

"You bitch," I said. "I'll have that too. I'll lay between those soft long
thighs and I'll take you."

"I'll push you away," Dolly said. "My hands are free."

"I'll tie your hands," I said.

"How?" Dolly said.

"Tight," I said. "Tight. Behind your back."

"Behind my back?"

"Tight tight. Helpless. So I can fuck you. Hard. And all you can do is twist and
squirm and cry. But first the whip."

"First?"

"Put your hands down."

"I can't--"

"Put your hands donw," I said.

"Ohh Danny--the whip--"

"All over."

"Where?"

"On your thighs."

"AAAAHH!" Dolly said.

"On your stomach," I said.

"OH JESUS ARRGGH!" Dolly said.

"On your breasts," I said.

"AAAIIIIIIEEEEE!!" Dolly said.

"Again," I said.

"No!" Dolly said.

"Again," I said, "harder."

"AAUUGGG OOOHHNOOO AIEEE! NONONONOGOD! NO!" Dolly said.

"Will I fuck you?" I said.

"No more!" Dolly said.

"What about burning?" I said.

"Please no," Dolly said. Please no please no please no please no--"

"Will I fuck you?" I said.

"Yes," Dolly said.

"Will I destroy you?" I said.

"Yes," Dolly said.

"I am naked," I said.

"I know," Dolly said.

"I will make you strip," I said.

"I know," Dolly said.

"Crawl," I said.

"I can't crawl," Dolly said.

"I'll move the couch. You will fall to the floor."

"My hands are tied."

"I don't care," I said.

"My hair is nailed to the floor," Dolly said.

"God," I said. "I want you that way. I will leave it that way. I will lay down
on my back and you will crouch above me, Dolly. Hurting. Aching. Panting.
Moaning. Hair pulling. Long long yellow hair fixed to that nail, still pulling
as you crouch over me a yard away from that awful nail, maintaining the pull on
your hair, making you bow your head, bow down your head as you please me. And
you will do just that, Dolly, darling."

"Danny. It's so degrading."

"Degraded debased dishevelled Dolly. Naked. Crouching on that floor, with those
swaying breasts hanging, and those thighs rippling with pain and strain, and
straddling me. I want you to fuck me, Dolly."

"You want my body. You always did."

"I'll have it."

"Tell me."

"Hair pulling, body aching, knowing I can do anything to you that I want to, and
that I want to hurt you so badly. Knowing about the burning and the whipping and
the pins in your nipples--"

"Danny--" Dolly said.

"Knowing how I want to make you scream forever--"

"Danny," Dolly said.

"You will fuck me," I said. "You will take my cock in your trembling fingers and
guide it right into that warm waiting vagina."

"Oh god," Dolly said.

"In," I said. "In it goes, in, in, in, in, in, farther, deeper, in, in. I want
that moaning, that crying, that shaking, that whimpering. Your head bowing down
toward me with the straining of that long long yellow hair. I will kiss you, you
will kiss me. Kiss me on the lips, kiss and kiss, and I will go all the way into
you and I will make you fuck me slowly, so slowly, up and down, slowly slowly,
gradually, up and down, all this time your hair pulling, pulling, painfully
pulling, crying out against and into my mouth with the agony of it, unable to
stop because you must go on fucking, up and down, and I can watch your bobbing
breasts swaying, shaking, your firm fantastic thighs working, working, rippling,
moving, your ass squirming. I will hold your breasts, squeeze them, make you
scream, scream, scream Dolly, scream your throat raw, scream your lungs out,
scream the walls down--"

"Fucking fucking," Dolly said. "Fucking fucking, Danny. I'm fucking you. That's
what you want."

"And to hurt you," I said.

"If I strip for you," Dolly said, "will you tie my hands?"

"Will you bring me my whip first?" I said.

"Think about me with my hands tied in back of me," Dolly said.

"I think about that whip," I said.

"I'll scream for you," Dolly said.

"I know," I said.

"Please," Dolly said. "I'll scream all you want."

"Bring me the whip, Dolly," I said.

"Pull my hair," Dolly said.

I did. "How is that?" I said.

"Oh," Dolly said. "Oh yes. No. Harder no. No please. It hurts, yes it hurts
don't wait I oh Danny please I please Christ what are you--not so ah ah please
not that wait Danny all right all right all right Danny kiss me kiss me you oh
kiss me AAGGHH! Wait Danny wait not that way AHH! I--I--I my hands? My hands
don't I can't I'll do it I'll I'll I'll do it okay? I want it I don't want it I
want it I don't want it I oh it's--it's-- Nail my hair and I'll do it, Danny,
you win, Danny, nail my hair and I'll fuck for you, I'll suck you, I'll crawl
and I'll scream and tighter tighter tighter I'll give you my life. Do it all to
me!"

I did it all. Dolly's long long yellow hair, kicking thighs, fabulous body all
mine all all all mine all of it fucking screaming MINE...




MY MORNING WITH VICTOR
By V.P. Viddler

"This room is soundproof, as you know," Victor said. "You can shout as much as
you want. I don't mind. I don't mind at all."

"Victor," I said. "If I can do anything at all--"

"No," Victor said. "You can't. So don't ask. All right?"

"But--"

"No," Victor said. "Now if you do what I say and do it right you can go back
tonight. Still living."

"I'll do anything," I said.

"I know that," Victor said. "But I'm talking about tonight. You can't do
anything about what I'm going to do this morning."

"I'm afraid," I said. "I'm so afraid. Can't I do anything to stop it?"

"If you don't stop asking that, it's going to cost you a lot," Victor said. "And
you might not go back at all. Is that what you want?"

"No," I said quickly. "I'm sorry, Victor. I'm sorry. It's just that I'm so
afraid."

"I know," Victor said. "That's good."

"I can't stand pain," I said.

"Too bad," Victor said. "Too bad you didn't think about that on Friday."

"I'm sorry," I said. "If I could do anything to undo that--"

"You can't," Victor said. "All you can do now is know pain for it. A lot of
pain. I'm good at causing pain. You probably know that. And I'm going to show
you how good I am at it. I'm going to do that all morning. And I'm going to find
a lot of joy in it. I'm going to punish you for what you did, and I'm going to
show you how you won't want to do it again. It's going to hurt you a lot, and
I'm going to do it slowly, and I'm going to absorb all your pain and all your
agony and all your shouting and twisting and crying and passing out and waking
up and all that horror--"

"Oh god," I said, and I was shaking and almost sobbing. "Oh god, oh god, I
can't, Victor, I won't, I'm sorry, I'll--

"But I'm not going to kill you," Victor said. "Not this morning. And not at all
if you do what I say, and do it right. In your pain and agony and horror. But if
you don't, I'll do it all again. Only it will go on for days. And then I'll kill
you."

"I'll do it," I said. "Anything. Anything, Victor, I'll do it good, I'll--"

"I'll find that out," Victor said. "But first, this morning. I think you should
probably strip your clothing off now."

I was shaking. "All right," I said. "All right, Victor. I'll do what you say."
And I took off my clothing for him.

Until now, Victor had not known my body without clothing. Now it was his to look
at, his to command. His to hurt. Victor was going to put this body through awful
agonizing horror, and I was standing and stripping it for him. I did it slowly
and thoroughly. Taking off all my clothing. Baring my body for him. Knowing this
body was his to punish; that Victor would soon bind it, tightly and painfully. I
did not know how, if I would hang by my wrists, kicking vainly, body twisting in
air; or lying tautly bound to four posts, arms pulling tightly, thighs
straining, body writhing; or arching agonizingly, bosom thrusting toward who
knows what approaching pain; or straddling a thin bar, thighs far apart, hands
bound in back, hair bound also, holding up my body but allowing it to sit fully
on that thin wood bar knifing into my vagina; and Victor watching, happily
absorbing it all, my agony making him want my body, knowing it would bow to him,
do anything for him, to him; loving my pain and adding to it with-- what?
Whipping? Probably. Burning? Possibly. Stabbing, ripping, slow mutilation? But
Victor had said I would go back. If I was good to him. In my pain. Through my
agony. If I would crawl for him and squirm for him and fuck for him and suck him
with my mouth. I would do all that. I did not know if that was all. I was afraid
of what Victor might want, for I did not know if I could do it if--if this
morning was--oh god, this morning. I took it all off and stood still for him.

"Now," Victor said. "I want only truth. All right?"

"All right."

"Only truth," Victor said. "I will know if it isn't."

I could only nod.

"Now. What is it that you most of all do not want Victor to do to you? Most of
all. I must know."

"Don't ask that," I said. "You can't ask that. You can't."

"I'm asking," Victor said.

I was crying.

Victor was waiting.

And finally I told him.

And Victor did it.

For hours.

I could not pass out. I could not pass out. I was crying and howling and
writhing and twisting and squirming and babbling and kicking and squalling and
flailing. For hours. All morning long. But Victor was just starting. His morning
was not our morning. His morning was all day.

"Will you do it again?" Victor said, smiling.

"No," I said. If I could talk. "No. No."

"What about that man," Victor said. "That man you did it all for, that you said
you would do anything for, what about him?"

"I'll kill him for you," I said. "If you stop this I'll kill him for you. I
will."

"If I stop this," Victor said, going on with it, "how will you kill him?"

"I will cut his balls off," I said. "God, if you don't do it again I'll crush
his balls and I'll cut his thing off, slowly, and I'll bring it to you."

"You'll put it in your mouth," Victor said, going on with it.

"I w-will, I--Christ! I'll but it in my mouth and I'll grind it up and swallow
it."

"Start shouting again," Victor said, doing it so I would. Victor was good at
bringing out that kind of shouting, and did it a lot. "If you go back," Victor
said, "I want you to fuck Grossman."

I couldn't stand Grossman. Nobody could. Grossman was a pig, horrifying to look
at, sick-making to think about.

"I will," I said. "I will I will I will Victor don't god no stop I will I'll
fuck Grossman, I'll fuck him as much as you want, I'll suck him, I'll lick his
ass, I'll do anything, Victor, don't, stop, all right."

"Now I'll do this," Victor said. And did. I didn't think it would hurt as much.
I was wrong.

I was wrong a lot that day. My throat was raw. My body was nothing but throbbing
agony.

And that night I did it all for Victor. Again and again. All of it. Without
stopping. Victor using my body, my cunt, my mouth, my ass, my bosom. My mind and
my soul. My dignity, my will. All of it.

At dawn Victor said I could go.

"Thank you, Victor," I said.

"Go to Grossman," Victor said. "Now."

"All right, Victor," I said.

"And," Victor said, "show him how to do what I did to you."

"Oh," I said.

"All of it," Victor said.

"Must I do that?" I said.

"Do you want to stay?" Victor said.

"No," I said. "All right. I will show him. I will do it."

"I will think about you doing that," Victor said. "If Grossman says you didn't
do that, or that you didn't do anything Grossman says, and do it right, I'll
bring you back. For good."

"I will," I said. "May I go now, Victor?"

"Kiss my foot," Victor said, and I did...




NINA
By V.P. Viddler

Kurt was bound to show us all that his word was law, his domination of our
family a fact not to be opposed. But Nina was proud.

At lunch Kurt asked Nina how old she was. Nina said sixteen. Kurt told her she
had a good body. Nina said nothing. Mother bit her lip. Daddy looked sick. And
Kurt, smiling, told Nina to take off her blouse.

Nina looked around, flushing angrily, eyes blazing. Nobody said anything. Nobody
looked at her.

Kurt told Nina to take off the blouse now.

Nina said no.

"Go to hell," Nina said. "Who do you think you are?"

Kurt said that Nina should do as he said.

Nina told him to fuck off.

After lunch Kurt and his guard took Nina into the parlor and closed the door.
Soon we heard Nina's voice. Screaming. Screaming loudly. Again and again.
Screaming for a long time. Then crying. Sobbing. And then begging, pleading
frantically. And screaming again.

For hours.

At dinner, Kurt told Nina to take her blouse off.

Nina did. Without a word. Took it off.

I saw her through a mist. Nina had a black bra on.

"The bra too," Kurt said.

Nina bit her lip. And she took off her bra.

"Good," Kurt said.

Nina didn't say anything. She sat there with her breasts bare. Nina didn't look
at anybody. She was flushing crimson, and breathing with agitation.

"Eat," Kurt said.

Nina ate.

And I couldn't stop looking at her. I had never seen Nina's breasts. Nina's
body. I was hard. I didn't care that Nina was my sister, my older sibling. I
couldn't think about that. Just about her body. Her naked breasts. Round. Full.
Luscious.

Nina ate with her breasts in view and tears falling from her eyes.

And after dinner Kurt told Nina to go up to his room and wait for him. He
watched Daddy as he said it, but I watched Nina. Kurt said, "Nina, I want you to
go to my room now. Take off all your clothes, lie down on the bed, and wait for
me to come to you. Go now."

And Nina got up. Shaking. And left the dining room and walked upstairs.

Kurt smiled at Daddy and had another dessert. Kurt said to Daddy, "I am going to
fuck your daughter."

Daddy got up and went to the bathroom to throw up. Mother cried. Kurt looked at
me. I said nothing. Kurt was smiling.

"I know," Kurt said, "you would like to fuck your pretty sister, would you not?"

I said nothing.

"I know," Kurt said. "And if you are a good young man, I will allow that."

"No!" Mother cried.

"Do you want it, young man?" Kurt said.

"God," I said finally, "oh god. I would do anything. To do

it to Nina. Anything. Can you make her do it?

Kurt said, "Nina will do as I say. Come to my room in an hour."

In an hour I went to Kurt's room.

Nina was sucking his cock.

As I came in Nina began to cry and pulled away, trying to cover her body. Which
was naked.

"No, Nina," Kurt said. "Stay as you are. Do what you are doing. Quickly."

And Nina, crying, put her mouth on him again.

"Isn't Nina beautiful this way?" Kurt said.

"God," I said.

"Do you want Nina to do this for you?" Kurt said.

Nina made an awful sound and began to pull away again. Kurt twisted her long
brown hair. Hard. Nina cried out and wiggled.

Kurt came in her mouth.

"Swallow, Nina," Kurt said. "Swallow it all."

And Nina did, gagging and choking. Kurt still held her to him, his cock still in
Nina's mouth. "Isn't that a pretty sight?" Kurt said. "Young Nina. Your brother
wants you. Badly. I'm going to let him have you."

Nina shook her head wildly.

"Make her," I said. I couldn't help it. "Oh god. Make her do it."

"Aha," Kurt said, "a young sadist among us. Why not? What would you like me to
do to her, to make her give herself to you? Hmm?"

I was almost panting. "I heard," I said, "I--before--this afternoon--I heard her
screaming."

"Ah," Kurt said. "Hear that, Nina? Your brother heard you screaming. And it
turned him on. He wants to hear it again. Right?"

"Right," I said. "I do."

"Nina," Kurt said, "I must make you scream again. For this young man."

Nina whimpered and mewled and shook her head and pleaded with her wild eyes.

"I will," Kurt said. "I'll make Nina scream for you, my boy. All you want." And
now Kurt let Nina go.

Nina was shaking. "No," she gasped, "please no, don't, don't hurt me again."

"Nina," Kurt said, "tell your brother you will fuck him. Tell him you are happy
to give him your body. That you will gladly suck him off. Tell him that, Nina."

Nina was sobbing and whimpering. She didn't look at me. "I-- oh my god--" Nina
said.

"Nina," Kurt said.

Nina said, "Please--I--I'll do it--I'll do it--Christ have mercy--I--I'll do
it."

And Nina could not stop crying.

And then Kurt made Nina do something that he knew would turn me on as much as
possible, and shame and humiliate Nina to the utmost. Kurt told Nina to dress
again. Put all her clothing on. And then Kurt made Nina stand right in front of
me and take it all off again. And Nina, crying, stood right in front of me as I
sat and watched her, and got naked. Stripped for me. Sobbing and quaking. Nina
took off her blouse and her skirt and her slip and her shoes and stockings and
finally her brassiere and panties. Hating every moment.

"Tell Nina what you want her to do," Kurt said.

And I said, "I want her to scream."

"All right," Kurt said.

And for a long time then I listened to Nina screaming. Screaming and howling and
shrieking and yelling. Until Nina was hoarse.

Kurt's guard had to hold her down. And Kurt rewarded him by

letting him fuck her. As much as he could. Any way he wanted.

And still Nina kept screaming.

"How is that?" Kurt said to me. "Is that what you want? Doesn't Nina scream
beautifully? Shall I stop or go on?"

And Nina said, "Oh stop please oh please stop I'll do what you want I'l do
anything you say please no more please I will I'll do it I'll be good I'll fuck
anybody."

And I said, "Nina, I want your luscious body and your gorgeous ass and that
screaming mouth and I want you crawling for me and for my plesure. Bitch
sister."

And Kurt said, "Nina, tell him you will do anything he wants any time he wants
it."

And Nina said, "Damn you filthy lousy bastard I will do anything you say, I will
do anything you want, I will be your cock-sucking slut slave I am your
sister-toy, you can play with me you can have my body oh god please please stop
please."

"I want you to fuck Daddy," I said.

And Nina was always busy fucking me and sucking me and fucking Daddy and sucking
Daddy and crawling for us and screaming her lungs out and begging and crying and
taking off her clothes and hanging from the ceiling by her hair and fucking and
kissing and sucking and howling...




ON THE LIPS
By V.P. Viddler

"Are you in pain?"

"Yes."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"No."

"Does that hurt?"

"Yes."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"No."

"Does that hurt?"

"Yes."

"Shall I do it again?"

"No."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"No."

"If I do it again I won't stop. Shall I do it again?"

"No."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"No."

"Does that hurt?"

"Yes."

"Badly?"

"Yes."

"Shall I stop?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to stop?"

"Yes."

"Say please. No?"

"Stop."

"Say please. Say it. I won't stop until you say it. Say it."

"Please."

"Again. I said again."

"Please. Please stop."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"No."

"No?"

"Please. Please."

"Will you kiss me on the lips?"

"Please."

"If I stop will you?"

"Yes."

"What?"

"Yes."

"Tell me."

"Stop."

"Tell me."

"Please stop."

"Say it and I'll stop."

"I. Will. I will. Kiss you. On the lips."

"Is that better?"

"Yes."

"Not much though, right? Are you in much pain?"

"You know I am."

"Yes, I know. I'm enjoying it very much."

"I know."

"You said you would kiss me on the lips."

"Yes."

"What else will you do? If I hurt you?"

"You are hurting me."

"Shall I--"

"No."

"I think I can make you say anything. If I hurt you enough. Don't you?"

"I don't know."

"Shall I try?"

"No."

"It would be such fun."

"No."

"Don't you think I could make you say anything at all? Make you say you will do
anything I specify? Don't you?"

"I don't know."

"Shall we find out?"

"No."

"You said you would kiss me on the lips. Didn't you?"

"Yes."

"I'm looking forward to that. Are you looking forward to that?"

"No."

"No. It will disgust you, will it?"

"Yes."

"I'll enjoy that."

"I know."

"Now. After you do that for me, will you put your mouth on my penis and kiss it
and lick it and suck on it? Will you?"

"No."

"Say you will."

"No."

"What if I do this?"

"Don't."

"If I go on doing this?"

"Stop."

"It hurts, doesn't it?"

"Yes."

"Will you lick my penis?"

"No."

"Too bad."

"Stop."

"Say please."

"I."

"Please?"

"Please. Stop. Please. Please."

"Will you lick my cock?"

"Oh no. Stop. Please."

"Will you lick my cock."

"I. God. Yes."

"Say it."

"Yes."

"Say it."

"Yes, stop."

"Say it."

"I. I will."

"I'm waiting."

"I will! Lick. Your. Cock."

"Say it now, say it!"

"I will. I will lick your cock, stop, I please I will I will lick your cock.
Stop now."

"What will you do?"

"I will lick your cock, I will lick your cock, please, yes, I will, I will
lick--"

"What else?"

"No no I can't please."

"Tell me."

"Anything."

"No. That's too easy. I want to hear it. I want you to say it to me. Does that
hurt?"

"Christ. No."

"Do you know that I can do this to you all day long?"

"Yes."

"Do you know that I can keep you that way all night long?"

"Yes."

"In constant pain. Awful pain. Look what a strain it is already."

"What do you want?"

"I want to hear you say things. Things that you will do to me."

"All right."

"And then I want you to do them."

"Oh my dear god."

"Tell me.

"Don't."

"Say please."

"Please."

"Say you will do anything."

"I will. I. Will. Do anything."

"Say it. All of it."

"I I will lick your cock. I will suck your cock."

"Suck it. With your mouth."

"With my mouth."

"And?"

"I--"

"Ask me to take your clothes off."

"I."

"Say, take my clothes off. Say it."

"Take. Take my clothes off."

"Go on."

"Take my clothes off, don't, please all right, do it to me, do it, do anything,
don't I can't. I'll do it. Kiss me if you stop I'll kiss you now I'll put my
tongue in your mouth and I'll please touch me take my clothes let me down I'll
strip for you I'll crawl for you I'll lick your body I'll crawl I'll fuck you
I'll fuck you please stop."

"Say touch my breasts."

"Touch my breasts."

"Say I love you."

"I love you you filthy son of a bitch bastard."

"Kiss me now."

"I'll do anything if you stop I'll do anything you can think of. Legs. Thighs.
Calves."

"I want you to call your father."

"Oh."

"I want him to watch."

"Oh."

"And I want you to fuck him."

"No. No yes yes all right yes I will I will I'll fuck both of you, both of you
in me at once, suck you, I'll call him right now, please, let me call him, let
me bring him here so I can crawl for him, his crawling naked hurting daughter
and you can piss on me and I'll lick your cock..."




PATRICIA
By V.P. Viddler

Part One
The midnight flight was not crowded, but still she would have not thought that
the rows all around her would be empty-- about six rows in front and behind, and
across the aisle--nobody at all sitting in them. It gave her a sharp chill of
apprehension. Could it- -but no. Impossible. Maybe it was the non- smoking
section or something. All the other passengers drowsed or sat silently in the
dim reaches of the cabin, and the isolation she felt was not conducive to the
security she had thought would engulf her as the plane took off. But it was
going to be all right. She was safe now. Nobody could know, nobody could find
her now. Safe. Wasn't she? But why--

And suddenly her mouth was dry, her stomach twisting, her throat tight with
terror. As two men sat down, one right next to her as she sat by the window,
another in the seat facing her.

For a long moment, no one spoke. She didn't have to say anything, ask anything.
She knew. With no question at all. She tried to stop her body from shaking, to
stop the instinctive moan that gathered in her mouth. She closed her eyes,
trying to wish them away, biting her lip to keep from making sounds of fright.

"Miss McKnight," the man next to her said. "My name is Tiny."

Tiny. She didn't know him, but from his name and from the sound of his voice she
knew he would be big and fat. Opening her eyes at last, she saw she was right.
The man across from her was small and bald.

"This is Matt," the big man said.

Then nothing was said for a while. She waited for her heart to stop jumping and
racing, for her throat to allow her to speak without gasping in fright. "How did
you find me?" she said finally. But it wasn't important. How they had found her
didn't matter now. What mattered was what they would do with her.

"You know who we work for, Miss McKnight," Tiny said.

God, of course she knew. And she knew what their task was. What she must do
now--any way she could--was to stop them from doing it. At any cost, she told
herself.

At any cost.

"Look," she said, swallowing but trying to make her voice calm. "Look, you can't
take me back to him. You can't."

"But that's why we were hired, Miss McKnight," Tiny said.

"I know. But look. Please. If you take me back to him, he'll kill me. You must
know that. He'll kill me. Slowly. Oh god. Look. We can make a deal. All right?"

I don't think so, Miss McKnight," Tiny said.

"Yes we can," she said. "I know we can. Listen. Anything you want. Do you
understand? Anything. Anything at all. Whatever you want. Do you know what I'm
saying to you?"

"Mr. Galli said you'd say that," Tiny said. "He told us all about it. How you'd
say just what you said. But see, Mr. Galli told us not to worry about that.
First, he said how he's got a lot more money than you do, so you couldn't give
us as much as he will if we bring you back. Then, he said, you'd offer us your
body. But he said we could have it anyway. He said we could have it even before
we brought you to him. As long as we don't bust you up too much.

And later on, Mr. Galli said, we could have a lot of fun with you. And there
won't be any limitations then. So you see, Miss McKnight, I don't think you've
got anything much to deal with, do you?"

She wanted to scream, to cry, to beg. But she didn't. She said, "If you do that
you'll have your fun and it will be over. I'll be dead. But if you don't take me
back you could have me as long as you want. For the rest of your life, if you
want. Always. Any time you want. Any way you want."

"No," Tiny said. "I don't want to die either, Miss McKnight."

"What if I scream?" she said.

"I wouldn't do that," Tiny said.

"Why? I know you probably have a knife or something, right? But so what? If you
kill me now at least I'll die quickly. I'd rather go that way than go back to
him."

"Okay," Tiny said. "What if I say I'll think about what you said. About a deal."

"Will you?"

"I'm not saying that. But let's say I will. Maybe. If you keep quiet. No matter
what."

"What do you--"

"See, Miss McKnight, that fun we talked about? That Mr. Galli said we could
have? With you? It's a long dull flight, Miss McKnight. We might as well start
now."

"Oh god--" "Now if you fight us, or scream or anything, we'll just have to hurt
you, and I don't want to do that, okay? But, like I say, if you think maybe we
could still not take you back, you wouldn't want to do anything to make things
difficult for us, would you? You know what I'm saying, Miss McKnight?"

"But--but you don't mean it--you won't really--"

"Who knows?" Tiny said. "You may be right. But you don't want to take any
chances, do you, Miss McKnight? Even if it's just a little bit of a chance.
Hardly likely at all. But you can't tell--we might want to accept your offer
once we've gotten--familiar. You know?"

She swallowed. "I won't fight," she said. "I won't scream."

"Matt," Tiny said. "Get a blanket for us. I don't think anybody can see us too
good, but let's be cautious, okay?"

Matt got a blanket from the rack and put it solicitously across her body,
covering it from shoulder to knee, as though to tuck her in for the night. Tiny
pushed the back of her seat to a half- reclining position, and his also.

"Now nobody will see what we're doing," Tiny said. His right hand slid under the
blanket, and involuntarily she stiffened. "Now you just hold still, Miss
McKnight," Tiny said. "You'll get to like this, just wait."

And his hand slid onto her breast, beneath the blanket. "Nice," Tiny said. "Damn
nice, Miss McKnight." And his hand began to knead the bulging flesh.

She bit at her lip, trying to hold still. His hand made her feel ill. "You--you
won't take me back to him?" she said. "Will you?"

"It doesn't matter," Tiny said, moving his hand to her other breast. "See, Miss
McKnight, it doesn't really matter, because if we do or if we don't, I still can
do this. I can do anything I want with you, like I said, as long as we don't go
too far. For now."

"You didn't mean it," she said, trying not to squirm under his squeezing hands.
"Did you? You'll take me back anyway. You bastard."

"I'm not saying that," Tiny said. "You just don't know, Miss McKnight." His hand
was moving now, sliding on her body.

"I hate you," she said. "I hate this. Why must you do this? Why this way?"

"I like your body," Tiny said. "It's a terrific body, Miss McKnight. I want to
appreciate it. And I want it to appreciate what I'm doing with it. Okay? I want
this body to love me, Miss McKnight. I want it to go crazy for me. I want it to
do tricks to show me how much it likes what I'm doing to it."

"God," she said. "You're crazy."

"That's not a nice thing to say, Miss McKnight," Tiny said, his hand sliding
over her stomach.

Until now his hand had touched her through her clothing; but now it was worming
itself under the waistband of her skirt.

"Don't," she said now. "Stop. Stop this. I don't cae what you do, I'm not going
to sit still for this. You'll bring me back anyway. So I don't care. Stop or
I'll scream."

"Matt," Tiny said.

Matt got up and slid his small body onto her seat, on the other side, pushing
her away from the window and closer to Tiny, pushing her so that she half-lay on
her side, facing Tiny, with Matt at her back. So swiftly that she hardly was
aware of what was happening, Matt had his arms around her and was holding her
breasts in his hands, clamping his fingers hard around that vulnerable flesh
with surprising strength, clamping her breasts brutally with his hard fingers.
Her mouth opened to cry out in pain, but the sound was muffled against Tiny's
free hand pressing against her mouth.

"Now, don't be that way, Miss McKnight," Tiny said. "It can only make things
hard for you. Just be a good girl and we'll all enjoy this a lot more. Okay?"

Whimpering sounds came from her crushed mouth as she writhed with the agony of
Matt's hands hurting her breasts.

"Just nod," Tiny said. "That's all you have to do, Miss McKnight. Just nod to
say you won't fight us any more, and I'll take my hand away, and Matt will let
you go, and we'll all have fun."

Tears of pain fell from her eyes. She couldn't stand it. She nodded.

"That's a good girl," Tiny said, and took his hand away. "All right, Matt."

Matt took his hands away too. She was gasping, but softly. Not to attract
attention. Matt's hands frightened her. Not as much as the thought of what Galli
would do to her. Could she still--

Tiny said, "Matt," and Matt now took hold of her arms, pulling them behind her,
and pulling off his necktie, used it to bind her wrists in back of her.

"Oh, god," she said in fright. "Why?"

"I like it that way," Tiny said, and now the hand on her body slid slowly under
the waist of her skirt.

"You disgust me," she said, unable to stop it. "I can't stand you. Damn you."

"Now, now," Tiny said. "I'm going to change that, Miss McKnight. Right now. I'm
going to show you how much you like me. I'm going to send you out of your mind.
I'm going to send you right over the top. And I'm going to watch as you do it.
And so is Matt."

"You son of a bitch," she said. "I can't stand the sight of you, the sound of
you, and you touching me makes me want to vomit. Okay? So don't think you can
get your kicks with me and make me like it. Just do what you have to do and get
it over with. You sick bastards. Filthy scum, both of you."

Matt's hands closed again on her breasts.

"No, Matt," Tiny said. "No pain now. Let's show Miss McKnight how to do tricks
for us. Let's show her what this sexy body really wants." Tiny's hand now slid
downward, under her skirt, and then under the waistband of her panties, moving
onto the bare skin of her lower belly.

She shrank from him instinctively, but Matt was pressing against her back,
crushing her bound arms between them, with his arms about her and his hands now
holding her breasts lightly, his fingers rubbing slowly against her nipples.
This friction brought the nipples up into stiff points, throbbing with
stimulation. Tiny's hand was moving slowly, slowly around her belly, touching
her thighs, caressing the soft, smooth skin.

"God," she said. "God, you slime." In spite of her disgust, her breath was
coming more rapidly. She tried to control it. Tiny's hand was rubbing at her
thighs, up and down, touching lightly, then heavily, circling, moving back up to
her stomach, circling. Matt was still holding her throbbing breasts, touching
her hard nipples.

"Oh stop," she said. "Don't." She could hear that her voice was not steady.
Tiny's hand slid to the inside of her thighs, insinuating his fingers between
them. Automatically, she clamped them together.

"No," Tiny said, digging his fingers with hard viciousness suddenly into her
soft thigh flesh. She moaned--too loudly, god, if anybody found them would they
kill her, would they--and resignedly relaxed her legs. Tiny's hand was on the
buttery soft flesh of her inner thighs, moving up and down, rubbing, sliding,
circling, and always, slowly, moving toward his goal.

"No," she said, moaning it. "Don't."

Her wrists hurt but that pain was now part of an overall aching like that aching
in her nipples, and Tiny's hand was touching her now, his fingers probing, not
cruelly, but probing, moving, they were inside her.

"Oh no," she said softly. "Stop, god--"

"It's nice, isn't it?" Tiny said. "You want this, don't you, Miss McKnight?"

"No," she panted. "No. Please don't. Stop."

Tiny's fingers probing, digging, finding--

"God." A loud gasp. "Christ, what--"

And Tiny's hand moving, fingers moving.

Matt's hands.

No. She wouldn't let this happen. She wouldn't do this. Not this way, not for
them. Please. Please. No.

"Stop," she said, pleadinglyh now. "Please stop."

They didn't stop.

Tiny was watching her.

No. It couldn't be.

His fingers. Moving.

"Ahh," she said, gasping. "Oh god, oh, please, no, ahh, ohh, ahh, god you can't,
you can't not like this, no..."

"Not too loud," Tiny said softly, his fingers moving.

"Ahh," she said, and now she was crying with shame, with humiliation, with
hatred for them. "Ahhh!" And now she turned her head to bury her face in Tiny's
shoulder, hiding her face from him and also muffling the sounds she was making,
that wouldn't stop. "Ohh," she said. "Hahh. Hahh. Ahhh. Don't ohh unnhh. Ahh
unnhhh. Nnnooo. Annhh. Hunh. Hooh. No please. I can't. Stop. Please. Ahh. Ohh.
Huh. Hunnnhh. Aughh. Ahhh. Hahh! Hanhh! Haughh! HAUNNH! AUGGH! Augghhhh! Huh.
Huh. Huh. Ohhhhh Chrrrristtttt." Body jerking. Spasming. Twisting. Writhing.
Squirming, and finally shuddering to a stop.

"Nice," Tiny was saying. "I told you you'd do tricks for us. Want to do it
again, Miss McKnight?"

She was crying and panting against his shoulder. "Bastard!" she gasped.

"All right," Tiny said. "Then you do something for me now. Okay?"

"I won't," she said, not thinking, not caring, shaking with humiliation and
horror at what they had brought her to, her body giving in to their hands, just
like a dumb animal, putty in their hands.

"Matt," Tiny said, and Matt clamped her breasts again. Tiny saw her scream
coming and with a swift hand in her hair held her mouth against his shoulder.
Rasping, shaking breaths of pain came from her mouth, as he took that hand away
now, knowing she couldn't--why couldn't she--rasping from her throat, Matt's
crushing fingers--

"Matt can be first," Tiny said. "I think Matt would like his cock sucked. Would
you, Matt?"

Matt may have nodded. She suddenly, through pain and shock (why shock? Why--)
thought of how Matt had not said a word from the beginning. Was Matt dumb? What
did it matter?

"No," she said. Why did she say that? Oh god, they were going to bring her back
to Galli, who would watch her in agony and listen to her scream for four or five
or six days, and then kill her. What did it mean what they did to her now? But
they had shamed her. Made her body do what they wanted it to do. What could they
do now? "No," she said. "I won't." Through the growing pain. "Go to hell."

And now Matt's hands moving away. Clutching at her blouse. Ripping. Ripping it
apart. Pulling, tugging at her bra. The straps pulling away. Matt's hands now on
her naked breasts. His fingers at her nipples. Pinching. Hard. She was moaning.
Now his fingernails, digging at her nipples. Digging hard into that throbbing
flesh as Matt clamped his fingers together, digging, puncturing, merciless,
cutting into her, and she was twisting, bucking, whining shrilly in her throat,
wracked with agony, and Tiny's hand was in her hair, dragging her head back,
looking down into her rolling eyes.

"All right!" she gasped, rasping. "All right! Don't!"

"Tell me," Tiny said. "Tell me you'll suck Matt's cock for him, Miss McKnight."

"I will!" she sobbed. "I will."

"What?" Tiny's hand pulling viciously at her hair, Matt's nails digging brutally
into her nipples.

"I'll suck his cock!" she said. "I'll suck his cock! I'll suck his cock!"

"That's nice," Tiny said, letting go. "All right, Matt."

She was limp as they manipulated her body, laying her down on her stomach, lying
across Tiny's lap, with her face above Matt's crotch. Matt had his tool out,
bigger than she had thought it would be.

Tiny's hands were sliding up her legs under her skirt. Matt was just sitting and
waiting. Tiny's hand was moving higher. "Oh don't," she heard herself moan.

Tiny said, "Do it, Miss McKnight," and she opened her mouth and took Matt's
thing into it, and did what they wanted.

Matt didn't touch her at all. It took a long time, and at last Matt came in her
mouth, and she swallowed it without being told.

As she did, Tiny was pulling her panties down and off, and as she finished, Tiny
pulled her up and drew her thighs across him, adjusting her until she was
straddling his lap. Unzipping, he quickly found her and, following his guiding
hands, she sank down on him.

"Do it to me, Miss McKnight," Tiny said, and she did it for him, slowly, rising
and falling.

Tiny put his hands on her breasts and Matt was lying on his stomach and licking
at her legs, and she was moving up and down on Tiny's stiff tool, looking over
the back of his seat at all the dozing or reading passengers in the rows far
away. And Tiny came into her.

And then Matt and Tiny played with her body. They made her climax again, but she
didn't care now, it was all shame and degradation, she had no will, no brain,
nothing but fear. If she could only get away, not go back, survive--

"Always," she gasped. "I'll be yours always. I'll go with you, I'll be your
slave, your toy, don't bring me back to him. What do I have to do, I'll do
anything."

"Okay," Tiny said. "Show us."

"How?"

"Go to the bathroom."

"What?"

"Just as you are."

"As I--" Her blouse was gaping open, her bra falling off, her skirt askew. And
her hands bound in back of her. "I'll be raped." "Good," Tiny said. "If you do
it, and don't say anything to anybody, and get back in one piece, we won't bring
you back."

"But I'll have to stay with you."

"That's right."

"All right," she said. And got up.

It was dim, but not so dim that she couldn't be noticed. The bathroom was all
the way in back. She had to walk past all the people. Her blouse showed half of
her breasts, which thrust out with the position of her bound arms. She was
walking up the aisle with staring eyes upon her, and she had to turn around to
open the bathroom door, and when she was inside it opened again and a man came
in.

"Christ!" the man said, looking at her.

"What do you want?" she said.

He slapped her.

"All right," she said. "All right. Don't hurt me." She sank to her knees.

He took out his penis and stuck it in her mouth. "Slowly," he said.

She did it slowly. Swallowing.

"Keep it there," the man said, and began to piss into her mouth. She swallowed
it, crying, sobbing, swallowing it all. "Please help me," she said. "I'll stay
with you, I'll do anything, please don't let them...those men..."

"Kiss me," he said. "Get up." And when she had trouble getting to her feet, he
put his hand in her hair and pulled her up that way. "Kiss me," he said.

In desperation she thrust her body against him and put her mouth on his and slid
her tongue into his mouth, kissing him with passion, crying.

After a minute he thrust her away. "Over the toilet," he said. "I want to fuck
your ass."

She lowered herself onto the tiny toilet seat, her hair falling to brush the
floor, her balance precarious, her behind high. She felt her skirt being raised.
"Ask me for it," the man said.

"Please," she gasped, sobbing still. "Do it, do anything, just please help me.
Those two men--"

"Oh," he said, "you mean Tiny and Matt."

Startled, she twisted her head to look up at him, and he laughed at the horror
in her eyes as she realized the truth.

And then his hands were spreading her buttocks and he was plunging into her, and
her scream shook the bathroom walls with its inexpressible burden of agony,
terror, and utter helpless despair.

 

Part Two
They brought Patricia back to him bound hand and foot, and tightly gagged.

But as soon as they were alone, Galli took away the gag and ropes. Patricia sat
still, knowing there was no way she could escape now.

"Hello, Patricia," Galli said softly. "How good to see you again."

"If you're going to kill me," Patricia said, "I wish you'd just do it and get it
over with."

But she knew he wouldn't. He would make her pay for running away from him. He
would want her to suffer as long as possible. he would want to watch her as she
did. Patricia tried not to think of it. But she knew.

It would be pain and horror and torture. As only Galli could think up. For days,
probably. Days of agony and screaming and unimaginable torment. With John
enjoying it to the hilt. Until she finally died of it. Slowly. Patricia knew.
And what she saw in his eyes now was not reassuring.

"Kill you?" Galli said as if surprised at such a notion. "Why would I do that,
Patricia? After all we've meant to each other."

"Don't play with me, John," Patricia said. "I ran away. I got caught. I know
what that means. I saw it with Cathy, remember?"

"Cathy was just a whore, Pat," Galli said. "You're not a whore. You were my
woman. My girl. My baby." "All the worse," Patricia said. "Look, John, I'm
sorry. That's all I can say. I know it doesn't mean anything. I did it. I'd
probably do it again. Still, I'm sorry. I know you'll kill me. Slowly. I just
wish it could be quick. But I can't do anything about it. So do what you're
going to do."

"Such a brave girl," Galli said softly. "Such a good brave girl. And so
frightened. You're scared, aren't you, Patricia? Really scared."

"Yes," Patricia said. "If that gives you satisfaction. Yes, I'm scared. Now
what?"

Galli looked at her for a long time.

"No," he said finally. "I don't think I'll kill you, Pat. Now that I've got you
back, I want you around. You'll be all right. As long as you're a good girl."

Relief clashed with suspicion. This was ominous. "John-- what-- "

"I know you want to be my lady again," Galli said. "Just like it was. Don't you,
Pat?"

"John--for god's sake--"

"Rather than be killed?" Galli said.

"Rather than be killed? Of course," Patricia said. "But--"

"I'm giving a dinner tonight," Gotti said. "For the big boys. They'll all show
up. I want you to be my hostess."

"It's a trick," Patricia said. "You want them to see you torture me."

"Why, Patricia," Galli said. "I won't hurt you at all. I won't lay a hand on
you. As long as you don't do anything foolish." "I won't," Patricia said. "I'll
do just as you say. Is that what you want?"

"Good," Galli said.

"Is this a formal dinner, John?" Patricia said. "I'm afraid all my clothes got
lost when--"

"Don't worry about that," Galli said. "I have all the things you'll need, up in
your room. I'm sure it will all fit perfectly. Shall we go up now?"

"You're coming with me?" Patricia said.

"Well, of course, Patricia," Galli said. "You're my girl, aren't you?"

"Yes, John," Patricia said.

They went upstairs.

At the door of Patricia's room a man was standing. "You know Sid, don't you,
Pat?" Galli said.

"Of course," Patricia said. "What's he doing here?"

"Sid will be your--bodyguard," Galli said. "I'm posting him outside your room
from now on. So nobody will bother you."

"And so I won't run off again," Patricia said.

"Now, Pat," Galli said, "as I told you, your clothing for tonight is in your
room. So you might as well get rid of that stuff you're wearing. Sid will take
care of having it cleaned for you. Just give it to him."

"All right," Patricia said. "I'll bring it out to him after I change." "No,"
Galli said. "Why make him wait? Just give it to him right now. All of it."

Patricia stared at him.

"John--"

"Right now," Galli said.

Now she saw. With sickening clarity. In the past it would have been worth Sid's
life to even look at her too lustfully. Not that he hadn't. Patricia had always
known of his lust for her body. Ironically, she had always felt safe from that
evil grin of his because of John.

And now--

"All right," Patricia said finally. And standing there in the hall, she took off
her clothes. Almost defiantly, though her throat was dry and her hands shaking,
she turned to face Sid as she stripped herself. Blouse and skirt. Shoes.
Stockings. No pause. Head up. Brassiere off. And panties. Off.

She stood, as Sid looked up and down her body, unafraid now. This was what John
wanted of her. Patricia stood still until John Galli said, "Good girl. Come
now," and opened the door of her room. Patricia walked in, Galli following,
closing the door with Sid on the other side.

Patricia turned to him, trying to keep her voice steady. "Did you tell Sid he
could have me?"

John smiled. "Not in so many words. I allow him, however, to live in hope."

"I see.." "I will leave you now," Galli said.

"You will?" Patricia was surprised.

"Dinner will be at nine," Galli said. "Sid will call you when you are to come
down."

"What about my gown?" Patricia said.

"Your clothing for the night is in your closet, Patricia."

Patricia looked. All that was in her closet was a pair of black high- heeled
shoes sitting on the floor.

"There's nothing," Patricia said. "Just a pair of shoes."

"That's right," Galli said.

Patricia's stomach sank, but she kept her manner calm. "Oh," Patricia said. "I
see."

"Good," Galli said. "Until nine, then," and went out.

Promptly at nine o'clock Sid knocked on her door. "Mr. Galli says for you to
come down now."

"All right," Patricia said.

Sid was gone when she came out. He would be downstairs, with John, with the
others, waiting for her to make her entrance. Stark naked, but for the
high-heeled black shoes.

Patricia moved to the stairs, stopped, took a long breath, pulled herself up.
Then, slowly, head high, she started down the stairs, which led directly into
the dining room. She knew her body was flushed. That her nipples were stiff and
firm with her-- what-- embarrassment? Humiliation? Shame? Degradation? All of
the above. Which, of course, was John's motivation. That her breasts bobbed and
swayed enticingly as she walked. That her hips swayed and her buttocks flexed
and that her legs did sexy, sinuous things with each step.

And mostly that she was naked. That as she came down the stairs, the men--it
would be all men, she had no doubt--sitting around the long dining table would
react with astonishment and lustful appreciation of her nudity, staring as her
luscious legs first came into view, then the curving thighs, then the rounded
hips and her dark, promising patch of pubic hair, proclaiming unmistakably her
total bareness to them all, to the world.

The mouth-watering shapeliness of waist and stomach, the salacious- looking
navel. And then the bare, bobbing, high, firm, beautiful breasts. And finally
her face. Patricia's face, in some ways more exciting for them in this situation
than her naked body itself.

Patricia deliberately kept that face a blank, as expressionless as she possibly
could, as she reached the bottom of the stairs and walked into the dining room.
A dozen or so men sat around the table. Looking at her. She stood. Looking only
at John. Head high. Body straight. Arms at her sides. Still. Naked.

John said, "I think you all know Patricia."

A murmur of greeting around the table.

"Gentlemen," Patricia said.

Sid, standing at the foot of the table, now pulled out the chair for her. John
was at the head. Patricia moved to the chair and, as gracefully as she could,
sat down. Now Galli stood up. "Gentlemen," he said. "Thank you all for coming
tonight. This is a special occasion, in a way, because, as you can see, Patricia
is back. Patricia, stand up and take a bow."

In spite of all she could do, Patricia felt herself flushing again. But she did
as she was told, standing up and bowing to right and left, her breasts swaying,
as all the men applauded; then sitting down.

So this is what John had in mind for her. To degrade and debase and humiliate
her. To make her do it to herself. To show her--and the world--that he still
owned her, still had her in his power. To grind her into the dust in punishment
for defying him. But for how long would he be satisfied with that? Patricia knew
that this particular ordeal was only the beginning.

She swallowed inadvertently as she thought of it. Most probably, she thought,
all these men had not been invited tonight just to savor the sight of her body.
Patricia had the distinct impression that John was planning to make her the
dessert at this dinner. If not the main dish.

John, as he had with Sid, would show his friends that she, Patricia, once the
untouchable property of John Galli alone, was now a common slut. A toy, a
plaything, which he could toss to anyone he chose, give her to them, make her do
what they wanted. Anything they wanted. And that she would crawl to them and
obey.

What was it to be, Patricia thought, trying to stay calm with her heart
pounding, her skin crawling. Would John have her lie on top of the dining table,
flat on her back, with her legs apart, as each man in turn climbed on top of her
and took her, with all the others looking on?

She had witnessed that done with other girls. It was not a pretty sight. Or
would it be her on her knees on the floor, the men lining up in front of her,
and she forced to take their cocks into her mouth and suck them off, man after
man after man, all of them coming in her mouth, having to swallow it all--
except for the ones, there were always a couple, who liked to shoot all over her
face--sucking, licking, swallowing, man after man after man after--

Patricia had seen that too. Had seen girls throw up after swallowing so much
gism, and paying for it by being forced to eat their own vomit off the floor.
Patricia felt s�ck. Or John might decide on a variation-- making her go under
the table, crawling from man to man, taking out their cocks and sucking each one
in turn, as they ate. Or it could be a combination of any of these things, or
all of them.

Or worse.

But John had said she would not be hurt. As long as she was a good girl. As long
as she continued to participate docilely in her own degradation.

Patricia had no choice. She could recall other scenes at other dinners--dinners
at which the centerpiece of the dining table consisted of a girl, spread-eagled
and bound; or standing on the table with arms high over her head, wrists bound,
ropes stretching to a ceiling beam, body taut and straining; or lashed to a
pole, slowly turning for the full delectation of all; and all of them screaming.
Screaming in agony.

Patricia could hear those screams all too clearly. Could visualize the twisting,
writhing girls, and the things that were being done to them to elicit such
screams. All night long the howling and shrieking would go on, as John and his
friends watched, listened, enjoyed. And finally sated their lusts in one way or
another upon the pain-filled, squirming, exhausted but horribly obedient body of
the tortured girl. Anything was better than that. If dragging herself through
the mud of John's commands was what it took to keep her from being in that
position, she would go on doing just that. But how long would that suffice? And
when John got tired of toying with her that way-- what then? Patricia shuddered.

Galli was going on. "Now, in honor of Patricia's return, I've put together a
little show, a film, I should say--the show will come later--with Patricia as
the star. I'm sure you will all enjoy the film immensely. It will show you just
how talented our Patricia is--and how she was able to win my heart. All right,
Sid-- show them."

The room darkened, and a large screeen slid down from the ceiling just beyond
Galli's chair at the head of the table. Patricia was facing it directly, and the
others could watch it easily from their seats. And--of course--could watch
Patricia also, as she watched it. The screen lit up, and Patricia's stomach
flipped over.

It was her on the screen. She was naked. She was kneeling, no, crouching, on all
fours, on the floor, with her breasts swaying beneath her slightly moving body.
She had a man's cock in her mouth, and she was sucking on it. Avidly.
Voraciously. Lovingly. Assiduously. With lips and tongue and all of her mouth.

The cock, of course, was John's, but that was not obvious. Whoever had run the
camera had not cared much about the man's face or his body. He had cared, most
obviously, about Patricia's face. And Patricia's body.

At first the camera showed all of her, crouching there, body moving so slightly
back and forth, thighs flexing, as she took that cock in and out of her hungry
mouth; then, slowly, it moved in on her face, finally resting in a close-up view
of that lovely countenance and that open, sucking mouth sliding up and down
around John's cock, kissing, licking, swallowing, sucking.

Patricia sat stricken, watching. As the men around the table goggled and stared
and began making sounds of appreciation and lust. As they stole occasional looks
at her to see how she was reacting to this new humiliation. Patricia knew her
face betrayed her astonishment, and her shame; but right now she was helpless to
control them.

She hadn't known John had ever had such films; had not been aware that any
pictures were being taken. But John had evidently made quite a hobby of doing
that; for after this first scene--after Patricia had watched in horror as she
saw herself taking John's gism down her throat, watched as that eager camera
caught the unmistakable movements of that throat, swallowing, swallowing, to the
hoarse, happy roars of the watching men--a parade of further scenes filled the
screen.

Patricia lying across a bed with her thighs spread wide, John lying above her,
taking her, as she wrapped her long luscious legs about his waist, fucking him,
tossing underneath him, moaning-- oh yes, there was sound too-- and
color--moaning and whimpering and sobbing in ecstasy as she climaxed, body
writhing and thrashing. The men around the table looking at her again, Patricia
now unable to meet their gaze. Her head was swimming, her body numb with an
awful, inescapable shame as now the film showed her crouching above John's body,
taking him inside her, straddling his hips and moving slowly, langorously,
sensuously up and down, up and down, fucking him.

Now crouching on hands and knees as John took her in the ass-- a great roar
greeted this one-- driving all the way into her ass as Patricia shouted with
pain and pleasure, pounding on the bed with her fists, kicking her feet,
squirming, twisting, yowling, sobbing, and then coming, coming, coming, coming,
again and again and again and again.

And the lights went on. Patricia was crying now, softly, but uncontrollably,
unable to stop her sobs as all the men turned to look at her, watching her with
new eyes now, recalling those images of her, sucking and fucking and twisting
and coming. John was looking at her now with undisguised triumph in his eyes. He
had broken her.

"All right, gentlemen," Galli said. "I told Patricia that, as long as she was a
good girl and did as she's told, she wouldn't be hurt. So I must ask that no one
do anything to cause any actual physical pain or damage. Aside from that
proviso, gentlemen-- she's yours."

And so they had a ball with her.

All night long.

To add to their stimulation, John had the film run all night.

Patricia did everything they wanted.

They plundered her body all night, in every way they could think of. She was on
her knees for hours, sucking them one by one. And she did throw up at last, and
was made to eat her vomit, and she did, and threw up again, and ate it again.
She licked out their assholes, gagging and retching, but there was nothing left
to bring up.

She lay in the bathtub and let them piss on her, and when told to open her mouth
for their piss and to drink it down, she drank. When they lay sated and limp,
she dragged herself around the room on hands and knees, sucking them to life
again, fucking their recumbent bodies, performing all the acts John could come
up with to make them climax inside her or on her body or down her throat one
more time.

John didn't touch her. Nor did Sid. But both watched it all. All night long.

It was the following afternoon that Sid knocked at her door. "I just want to
talk," Sid said. "Can I come in?"

In her room, Sid said, "You know he's going to kill you. Sooner or later. You
know that."

"Yes," Patricia said. "I know that."

"I can get you out," Sid said.

"What?"

"Not like last time. That was dumb. But I can fix it so he'll never look for
you."

"How could you do that?"

"I'll fix it up," Sid said. "I can do it. You try to escape, okay? I stop you.
You fight. I shoot you. And there's a fire. Okay? And a body. Supposedly you.
Burned beyond recognition. But it's you, okay, because I say so, and I say I
shot you. Only it's not you. But he thinks you're dead. He doesn't look for you,
you're dead. And you get away. For good."

"Why--why would you do this? If you get caught--"

"I won't."

"But why?"

"He's never going to let me have you," Sid said. "He says he will, but I know.
He'll give you to anybody else--to strangers-- but not to me."

"Oh," Patricia said.

"I want you," Sid said.

"I know. So you'll help me get away if I--"

"It's not that easy," Sid said.

"Oh," Patricia said. "Of course not. All right. What do you want?"

"A month," Sid said. "I want a month of you. A month of your life. One full
month with you as my slave. Okay?"

"A month," Patricia said. "And then--"

"And then you'll be rid of me for good," Sid said. "But during that month you'll
be all mine. You'll do anything I say. Always. I'll do everything to you. And
you'll do it to me. Any time I want. Any way I want. With anybody or anything I
want. A slave. You understand? A slave."

"A sex slave," Patricia said.

"That's right."

"All right," Patricia said. "I will do that."

"That's not all," Sid said. "There's something else."

"Oh," Patricia said. "Something painful, I'm sure."

"That's right," Sid said.

"What is it?"

Sid brought out his cigarettes and lighter. "This," he said. "Oh, Christ,"
Patricia said.

"Three of them," Sid said. "One on each nipple. One between your legs. That's
it."

"Damn you!" Patricia said.

"That's the deal," Sid said. "That, and one month. Take it or leave it."

Patricia swallowed. "It--it's better than dying, I suppose. Especially the way
John would do it."

"This happens right now," Sid said.

"Right now?" Patricia was pale.

"And you get out tomorrow," Sid said.

Patricia took a long, shuddering breath.

"All right," she said. "Do it."

"Take your clothes off," Sid said.

And Patricia stripped for him again.

"On the bed," Sid said. "Put your arms over your head and grab the rail. And
hold on."

Patricia obeyed.

Sid lit up a cigarette.

"Christ," Patricia said.

"This is one," Sid said, stroking Patricia's breast. "Are you ready?"

"No," Patricia said unsteadily. "Do it. Go on, you bastard. Do it."

Sid's eyes were bright. He brought the cigarette close to Pastricia's breast.
Patricia was panting. Sid touched the burning tip to her right nipple, and
slowly, slowly, ground it out, pressing it into her flesh. Patricia's body
stiffened, arching from the bed, straining in pain. And Patricia screamed
loudly. Once. Twice. Started to scream a third time, but Sid put a fist in her
mouth.

"God," Sid said. "That was great. Jesus."

"You bastard," Patricia said, sobbing. "You're sick, you son of a bitch."

"Two more," Sid said.

"I can't," Patricia said.

Sid just waited.

"All right," Patricia said.

"Hold on," Sid said. "Don't scream so loud this time."

"God damn you!" Patricia said. "How can I--"

"Here." Sid put a pillow by her face. "Bite on that."

Patricia's breath was rasping in her throat as Sid lit another cigarette, slowly
brought it toward her left nipple. Her body shook. Her eyes widened with fear.

"God," Sid said. "I love this," and carefully and methodically ground the
red-hot tip against the stiff nipple.

Patricia turned her head and bit into the pillow, stuffing her mouth down onto
it to stifle the horrible animal shrieks that tore from her throat, her body
spasming and jerking and convulsing.

Sid now tore off his clothing. His cock was stiff and throbbing with lust.
"Spread your legs," Sid said. Lighting a third cigarette.

"Oh Jesus," Patricia said, crying hard, moaning, whimpering. "Oh god please,
wait, wait, please, Sid, no--"

"Do it," Sid said.

Patricia opened her legs for him.

"Wider," Sid said.

Patricia splayed her thighs, sobbing.

Sid put out the cigarette slowly. Right on her clitoris. And as Patricia went
out of her mind with pain, Sid took her, flattening his body onto her, ramming
his cock brutally into her agony-filled vagina, and fucking her hard, hard,
hard, into her writhing, convulsing, spasming, twisting, bucking, squirming,
thrashing body, mashing his mouth onto her screaming mouth, kissing the howling
lips, taking her screams down his throat.

And John was standing by the bed, laughing and saying, "You fell for it, Pat.
Right into the trap. Do it to her, Sid. She's your reward. You can burn her
again later." And Patricia, in pain and horror, struggled vainly as Sid fucked
into her, kicking and scratching, but only increasing Sid's pleasure. And that
night, in front of all those men around the dining table, Patricia hung by her
wrists, her hanging body turning, twisting slowly in the air.

 

Part Three
"You'll kill that lady, John, you don't stop that whipping pretty soon."

It was Rocky Palumbo, a capo from Brooklyn, one of a very few who could approach
Galli's position.

"I know that," Galli said, smiling thinly. "That's part of why I'm doing it,
Rocky, as I'm sure you know. This--lady--is in disfavor, all right? Having
broken her as far as I want to, I am now ridding myself of this trash. Any
objection?"

"It's your business, John," Rocky said smoothly. "But, hell, it's just that it
must be a frightful waste. Such a gorgeous young thing as that. Such a body.
Shit, I could sure find a use for her, if you can't."

"Too bad," Galli said. "This girl is through. The filthy cunt bitch."

"Now wait, John. Wait just a moment. You don't want her any more, how about we
make a deal?"

"What kind of deal?" Galli said suspiciously. "Look, you want the bitch again,
I'll cut her down and you can go at her, okay? For friendship's sake, okay? And
as soon as you finish, back up she goes and we can watch to find out how long
the twat can last. Whip her again, guys."

"Hold it," Rocky said. "John, my boy. Look. A quick fuck with this doll is not
what I had in mind, okay? You don't want her? I do. Okay? I'll buy her from you.
How much you want?"

"No," Galli said.

"Why no? Hey, John, you just want to kill the girl anyway, right? So what do you
lose?"

"My satisfaction," Galli said. "That's what. I want to watch the slut die.
Slowly. Painfully. And that's it. No deals."

"John," Rocky said slowly. "Name your price. What do you want? How much? Just
say."

"Fuck," Galli said. "No. Period."

"Anything you want, John. I know you must have a price. A million? Two million?
Just for a girl you don't want? How about it?"

"Why do you want her that much? She's built and all, but Christ- -"

"I want her. I want to own her. Just as you did. Own her. How much?"

"No."

"Damn it, John. Anything. At all. Anything."

Galli thought. "Yeah? Anything? Rocky? Anything I want?"

"Anything."

Galli grinned slowly. "Okay."

"What, John. What is it you want?"

"Dinah," Galli said.

And his look shifted to the girl at Palumbo's side. A tall, slim, sensuously
built girl, fashionably clothed, with long auburn hair and calculating dark
eyes. Who now was staring at him in astonishment. As was Palumbo.

"Dinah? What do you--"

"You said what did I want. I want Dinah. I'll swap you. Patricia for Dinah. You
take Patricia, I take Dinah. Even swap."

Dinah was still staring.

"You nuts?" Rocky said.

"No," Galli said. "No deal, Rock? Okay. That's what I thought. Okay, on with the
show, boys."

"Okay," Rocky said.

"What?" Dinah jumped up. "What are you doing, Rocky? Are you crazy? You can't--"

"Shut up," Palumbo said. "Cut her down, John. I'll take her with me right now."

"Wait!" Dinah said. "Rocky, for god's--"

"You beling to Galli now," Rocky said. "That's it, baby."

"Why you--the fuck that's it! I don't get thrown away just like that and traded
off to--Jesus, Rocky, you son of a bitch! If you think you can--"

Rocky hit Dinah hard across the face.

"Yeah, I can. And I am. So just shut up. You stay with Galli, you get that? And
don't give him no hard time. Or I think he's gonna put you up there where
Patricia is. So long, baby."

"No! Bastard! Filthy cocksucking shit! I won't! I'm not staying anyplace! I'll
kill you! I'll--"

"Harry," Palumbo said. "Hold her."

Palumbo's bodyguard took hold of Dinah's arms and pulled them roughly in back of
her, holding her still though Dinah was struggling and thrashing around. Finally
Dinah stood panting and twisting futilely in Harry's grasp, arms pulling tightly
back, body thrusting helplessly forward.

"Now, bitch," Rocky said, grasping Dinah's gown in front and pulling hard,
ripping it all the way down to her waist along with its built-in bra, so that
Dinah's breasts were bared. All the company gazed avidly at Dinah's high round
shapely naked breasts, swaying and bobbling as her body writhed. "Now, baby,"
Palumbo said roughly. "You going to do what I tell you? How about it? You want
to tell John how you belong to him? Huh?"

"Go fuck yourself, you filthy son of a bitch!" Dinah panted.

"Shit," Rocky said, and raising his big right hand he whipped it hard across
Dinah's breast. Dinah screamed loudly. Rocky backhanded her across the other
breast.

"Aaahh! Stop! Jesus!" Dinah said.

"How about it, Dinah?" Rocky said. "You want to say that to John?"

"Fuck off!" Dinah said, sobbing. "Shithead cocksucking--"

Rocky hit her breast again.

"Haughh! Don't!"

"Come on, Dinah, baby. Tell me you want to say that to Galli." Whap! Across the
other breast.

"Aaauughh! Please--Rocky--"

"Tell me you want to," Rocky said, and hit her again, forward and back. "Tell me
you want to, Dinah." Whap! Whap! "Tell me that." Whap! Whap!

"AARGGHH! All right! All right! You bastard! No!! Yes! I will! All right! I
will!"

WHAP!

"AUGGH NO CHRIST JESUS PLEASE I WILL YES I WANT TO YES I WANT TO PLEASE DON'T
PLEASE..."

"Okay," Rocky said. "So do it. Go over to John and get down on your knees to
him, okay? And then tell him what a dirty filthy slut you are and how you belong
to him now and how you'll do just what he says. Always. Any time he wants you,
any place, any way. Right, Dinah, baby?"

"Rocky--please--"

WHAP!

"AARRGHH! NO! All right. Yes. Yes, Rocky. I will. Yes."

At Rocky's nod, Harry let Dinah go. Dinah on wobbly but perfect legs walked
slowly to Galli, shaking. And got down on her knees.

And said, in a shaky voice, "I--I belong to you. I--I'm a dirty filthy slut.
I--I'll do anything you say. Always, any time, any place, any way." She was
sobbing.

"Thank you, Rocky," Galli said. "And Patricia will do the same for you. Won't
you, Patricia."

"Yes," Patricia said, still hanging from her wrists.

"You should," Galli said. "Palumbo is saving your fucking worthless life. Cut
her down."

Patricia's wrists were still bound as she knelt in front of Palumbo, body aching
horribly with the pain of the whipping. "I am yours," Patricia said. "Any way,
any time. Thank you."

"Kiss my boots," Rocky said, and Patricia did.

"Patricia," Rocky said, "I didn't want Galli to kill you because I want to own
you. But I might make you wish I'd let John kill you anyway. I'm going to hurt
you worse than John did. You don't think that's possible, right? You think you'd
go through anything to stay alive. You're wrong, Patricia. I'm going to treat
you like a dog-- only a dog can't scream in pain as you will, Patricia, and a
dog can't suck cock as you can. But you can suck a dog's cock, Patricia. Did you
ever do that, Patricia?"

"No."

"You will, Patricia. In between screams. Now you can say you want to be mine,
Patricia. Say it."

"I want to be yours," Patricia said.

"Sid," Palumbo said, "I need an assistant for this lady. To train her,
discipline her, put her in her place. You want that job, Sid?" "Oh no," Patricia
said. "Not him. Not that. Please. Please not him. Please. Oh god please."

Galli smiled. "Patricia darling, you just brought Sid down on yourself. I wasn't
about to allow him to go anyplace. But as it gives you so much fright and
horror, it's naturally what I want to happen to you. Go on, Sid, with my
blessing."

"Thanks," Sid said. "I'm going to enjoy the shit out of this job!"

"And I'll take Harry," Galli said. "Tit for tat. Harry can assist me with
Dinah."

"Harry will love that," Palumbo said. "I always made him stay away from Dinah."

"Not Harry," Dinah said.

"How fascinating," Galli said. "Dinah, crawl over to Harry right now and ask him
if you can suck him off."

"I won't do that," Dinah said. "I don't care if you kill me."

"I won't kill you," Galli said. "But I will hang you up just as Patricia was
hanging, and I will ask my boys to start whipping you, just as hard as they can.
All over. And after ten lashes I will ask you if you will do it. And if you say
no, I will ask you again, after twenty lashes. And if you say no, I will ask you
again, after thirty lashes. And if you say no--"

"All right," Dinah said. "I'll do it."

"I know you will, Dinah," Galli said. "I never had any doubt. Go on."

And Dinah crawled on all fours to Harry, across the room, and said, "H-harry,
m-may I--may I--s-suck you off?"

"Any time, baby," Harry said.

Dinah was crying. Looking at Galli, she said shakily, "Do I have to?"

"Oh yes," Galli said.

And Dinah did. As all the company watched, panting.

"Patricia," Palumbo said then. "Did you ever suck Sid off?"

"Yes," Patricia said.

"How is she, Sid?"

"Fantastic," Sid said. "Fabulous. Especially if she's hurting like hell at the
same time. Nothing like that mouth when it's crying and sobbing and moaning with
pain."

"I can't wait to try that," Rocky said. "Dinah has a good mouth too. As I'm sure
you'll find out soon, John."

"I think all of us will," Galli said. "For I think I'll ask Dinah to do for all
of us, right now, what she just did for Harry."

Dinah shook her head, her eyes wild. "For god's sake!" Dinah gasped. "I can't!
Please!"

"Christ," Sid said. "I'd like to stick around for that. I wouldn't mind trying
out that fucking stuck-up mouth myself. How about it, Mr. Palumbo?"

"Ah, but Dinah's mouth is familiar ground to me, Sid. And I must say I'm most
anxious to have the beautiful Patricia to myself. But all right. I'll wait.
Perhaps Sid can go first with her, is that all right, John?"

Dinah was moaning and crying. "I can't do this," Dinah sobbed. "I can't do this,
please, I can't."

"But you will," Galli said. "Won't you, Dinah?"

"You'll whip me anyway," Dinah said. "I know it. You'll whip me and do anything
you want to me. I might as well die now. Why should I do this. So I can debase
myself for your fun. Why?"

"I'll show you," Galli said. "Harry?"

It didn't take long. It took a bit of burning flesh, a bit of skillful
manipulation, and quite a lot of screaming. Dinah threw up twice, and had to
clean it up. With her tongue.

And then Dinah was on the floor, retching and moaning and panting and gasping
and begging to be allowed to do what Galli wanted her to do.

And so she did it.

Sid was not first; Galli was first. Sid was next. And then all the others, men
and women, one after another. It took a long time, and at the end of it Dinah
threw up again. This time Galli had her clean it up with her hair.

And thus Patricia was still living.

For many days Palumbo did nothing but fuck her, hour upon hour. Using all of her
body. Usually she was kept bound on his bed, wrists lashed together and tied to
the top rail. If Palumbo was in a vicious mood, she would be spread-eagled to
agonizing tension, or bound on her knees with her hair lashed to her wrists,
pulling her head so far back that she couldn't close her mouth. But usually it
was just bound wrists above her head. That way Rocky could use any part of her,
fucking her cunt, or straddling her breasts to fuck her mouth, or turning her
over to fuck her ass. For hours.

And Sid did too. And many of Palumbo's friends and associates.

And also, as Rocky had said, his dog.

It was a big black slobbering beast and Patricia knew that nobody had ever known
such degradation, such defilement, such disgusting horror in the history of this
world. But if she didn't do as Rocky said he might send her back to Galli. That
was unthinkable. But so was this. And as Rocky's pals and acquaintances and
various hangers-on and girlfriends stood around to watch the show, to watch the
forcible degradation of this slave of Rocky's, this mouth-wateringly attractive
young woman, Patricia did what she had to do. Fucking the dog. And sucking him
hard again. And fucking him again. And sucking him again, this time bringing him
off with her mouth and swallowing his gism. Fighting, straining not to throw up,
for Rocky would punish her for that.

Rocky would hang her up by her hair and watch her swing, pushing her body with
his foot as it began to stop swinging, watching in delight and listening
contentedly to Patricia's loud, resounding howling, as another girl, crouching
at his feet, slowly, carefully sucked on his cock.

On Friday nights Rocky had a party for his pals. Men only. But for Patricia,
who, as guest of honor, was hung spread-eagled in the archway of the living
room. Stark naked. Tautly stretched. In agony. All night long. During that long
night, any man who wanted to could whip her with his belt. Or put out his
cigarette on her body. At times they played darts, with Patricia's nipples as
the bullseye. And as it got late, they would cut cards to see who got first
crack at her mouth, at her ass, and at her cunt. And finally Palumbo would cut
her down and for the rest of the night Patricia would fuck them, and crawl for
them, and do their bidding, and suck the dog for them.

On Sundays Rocky went away and left Sid to play with her. Sid always did his
tricks with his cigar. And after Patricia had spent hours screaming and twisting
and howling and begging and mewling and squirming and writhing and thrashing and
yelling and bucking and sweating and crying and moaning and shrieking and
kicking and flailing, Sid would make her do to herself the things he had just
done to her. Sid's face would light up with sick joy, watching Patricia, crying,
choking, burn her own thighs and breasts. Again and again and again.

And Rocky would return and make Patricia recount to him all that Sid had done to
her, and as she did that, crying, Rocky would fuck her slowly, joyously, and Sid
would fuck her ass, and with her mouth she would suck the dog.

But one day Patricia ran away, ran back to John Galli and said, "All right. Kill
me." But Galli only made Patricia suck Dinah's cunt, and then Dinah had to suck
Patricia's cunt.

Until the FBI man who had been on the plane arrested Galli. "It's you," the FBI
man said, and slapped Patricia's face hard. Patricia went to her knees. "Crawl,"
he said. "Both of you."

Patricia and Dinah had to fuck sixty cops and still didn't get away...




PERSPIRATION
By V.P. Viddler

Perspiration.

Actually it was plain old sweat, but Bob always called it perspiration. It was
more feminine, he said. And he loved to watch it running down her body.
Particularly when she was like this, strung up by her wrists from the ceiling.
Standing on her toes. Body taut and straining. Breasts pulled up and out. Legs
shown to best advantage. All of her showing.

That's why he had turned off the air-conditioning on this hot July night. So he
could watch her body running with perspiration. And it was. Streams of it coming
down the smooth sensuous flesh. Down her back, down her breasts, down her long
luscious legs. And it coated her body, causing the blows on her skin to feel so
much more painful, as the slight coating of moisture lent a wicked stinging
quality to the already sharply agonizing cracking lashes of their belts.

How many were there? Abigail did not know. Bob had put the blindfold on long
before any guests had arrived, and it was on still. And would, she knew, remain
for the night. In utter darkness she could only stand there, hang there, waiting
for the next terrible blow across her flesh; never knowing when it was coming,
or from whom, or to what part of her body. Never able to prepare for it. Always
in a state of fearful, jumpy anticipation.

For hours she had stood this way.

And it was only the beginning, Abigail know. Only the start of a long,
exhausting, agonizing, humiliating, degraded, soul- grinding night.

"And you say she'll suck our cocks for us, too?" said a voice.

"Certainly," Bob's voice said smoothly. "Abigail will do anything I command. If
I command her to, she will suck all your cocks, all night long and far into the
morning. Isn't that right, Abigail?"

"Yes, Bob," she said immediately. "I will, Bob. Anything you say."

"You see?" she heard Bob say triumphantly.

"Christ," another voice said. "You got her trained like a puppy."

Abigail suddenly screamed in swift agony as out of nowhere a strap cracked
viciously across her breasts. For a long moment her body swung helplessly in the
air, twisting, flailing, kicking, finally coming to rest as Abigail gasped and
moaned in blind terror.

"Look at that," she heard. "Damn, I want that and I want it now."

"Abigail," Bob said. "This man wants to fuck you. Spread your legs for him."

Spreading her legs meant that she had to allow herself to hang unsupported from
her aching wrists, tightening the strain on her arms, tautening that body until
the skin stretched, and sticking her legs awkwardly out in the air, holding them
apart, showing them her soft, inviting cunt.

"Stay that way," Bob said, and she did, sobbing, gasping, forcing herself to
hold that position in the midst of pain and degradation and shame.

"Ask him," Bob said. "Nicely, Abigail. Ask us all."

"Please, sir," Abigail said in a shaking but clear voice. "Please fuck this
slut's body. Please, all of you, allow this whore to serve you. I will suck your
cocks and fuck you any way you wish. I will crawl for you. I will drink your
piss. Do anything to me."

"Tell us what you are, Abigail."

And Abigail, as a man stood in front of hre and stuck his cock up into her cunt,
as another stood behind her, pulling at her hair while his cock rammed into her
tiny asshole, said loudly, "I am a cocksucking piss-drinking slut whore cunt
slave and I am fit only to crawl and give pleasure."

Perspiration running down that soft supple magnificent hurting body as she heard
the scratch of a match being struck. Words turning to screams at the unseen
burning knifing at her nipple.

"AHH..."




PRELUDE TO INCEST
By V.P. Viddler

"You always had a thing for me, didn't you, Sam? You always wondered just what
it would be like to fuck your little sister, didn't you?"

"Not so little now, Jill."

"No. Not so little now. Thirty-two, actually. But still not bad looking, am I,
Sam?"

"Damn good. And you know it."

"Thank you. Not bad at all, I think. And you always liked this body, right, Sam?
From when we were kids. You always wanted it. Didn't you?"

"Jill, you know I did. And you know I still do. So what?"

"But that would be incest, wouldn't it, Sam?"

"It sure would. And I wouldn't give a shit."

"What a vulgarian you are, Sam."

"Sit down, Jill. Why are you flaunting that body at me? Okay, it's sexy, it's
gorgeous, it's damn mouth-watering."

"Not too skinny, Sam?"

"Not for me. You're slim all right, but I like that. It's sexy, particularly
with those good high round bouncy breasts pushing that blouse out. And your
legs. I love your legs. So damn long. And curvy, my god! And fabulous. Thighs
that drive a guy crazy, soft and full and--and calves, shapely, flexible,
molded, intricate--And your hips. God."

"Are you hard, Sam? Is your cock all stiff? Do you want to put it inside me? Do
you want to fuck my naked body? And feel my legs around your waist? And squeeze
my breasts and kiss me and have my tongue in your mouth? Do you want to make me
pant and gasp and moan? And squirm and twist and kick? Do you want to hear me
scream in orgasm, Sam? How many times have you thought about that?"

"A hell of a lot, Jill. All of that. And that's not all."

"What else do you think about, Sam? About my mouth?"

"Yes. That's right. About your fine sensuous mouth. About you wrapping those
soft full lips around my cock and sucking on it like a lollipop. About your
tongue licking it, slowly, all over. For hours. About your fine dark hair
moving, brushing my crotch as your head bobs, slowly, up and down, up and down,
until I can't stand it any more and I shoot my gism down your throat--"

"And I swallow it, don't I, Sam? In your imagination. I swallow it all down, and
suck for more. Is tht right?"

"Yes."

"And what else? Do you think about hurting me, Sam? Hurting me and making me
suffer for all those years of frustration? Do you think about making me scream
with pain as well as pleasure?"

"Sometimes I do, Jill."

"Do you want to do it, Sam? Do you want me to strip for you? Do you want to
watch me as I take off my clothes, look at me naked, and then take me? Do you
think it's time now? I will, Sam. If you say so. All you have to do is say it.
I'll strip for you. I'll give you my body. I'll wrap my legs around you and fuck
for you. And I'll give you my mouth. As long as you want. And my lips and tongue
and throat. And if you want to hurt me, Sam--if you want to make me scream for
you--I won't stop you. You can do anything to me. I'll crawl for you, Sam. I'll
crawl on my hands and knees. I'm yours. And Sam, if you get tired of me, if you
want something more, you can give me to your friends. If you want it I'll do it
all for them too. For anybody you want. Say the word, Sam. This body is yours.
This woman is your slave. Incest, Sam. I am your sister. Shall I strip, Sam?"

"Did you fuck Father?"

"Did I? Make me tell you, Sam."

"I will."...




PRETTY POLLY
By V.P. Viddler

Al and Sid brought the girl up with her wrists in handcuffs behind her back.

"This is her," Sid said. "Name's Polly."

"I'm sorry," Polly said. "I'm sorry. Please."

She was scared. Very scared. With good reason.

"I can't do anything but kill you, Polly," I said.

"No!" Polly said. "Please god don't no I'm sorry I'm so sorry don't--"

"But not right away," I said. "Polly. Pretty Polly." I looked at Sid and Al.
"You want her?"

"Bad," Al said.

"God, yes," Sid said.

"Oh, no," Polly said. "Oh god no. Don't. Please please don't. No."

"Make her strip for us," Al said.

"No," I said. "I like her hundcuffed that way. Cute, isn't she? Pretty Polly."

"I love long dark hair," Sid said.

"And bouncy little tits," Al said.

"I like legs," I said. "Slim, smooth, curvy legs. I think you probably have fine
legs, Polly."

"Please," Polly said. "I'm sorry. Please. Don't hurt me."

"I won't," I said. "Pretty Polly, I'm going to let Sid and Al hurt you. And I'm
going to watch."

"No! No! I--I'll--"

"You'll what?"

"Christ. Anything. Don't hurt me. Anything."

"Al," I said.

"Yeah," Al said.

"Sid," I said.

"Yeah," Sid said.

"Hurt her."

"No!" Polly screamed. But Sid and Al just grinned.

Polly turned to run, but she had no place to go. I watched her panic, trying to
run with her hands cuffed in back of her. I watched her face as Al and Sid did
what I told them to do. I listened to her howl. I watched her go down, and as Al
and Sid stood back I watched Pully, we all watched her, thrashing in agony on
the floor, rolling and twisting and writhing and squirming and jerking and
kicking in awful pain in front of us. Making choking, gagging sounds when she
couldn't draw breath to howl and shriek.

"That's beautiful," I said. "Polly in pain." And as she twisted and squirmed and
flailed against the floor, her skirt rucked up, slid high up over her soft
luscious legs, and I saw that those legs were fabulous. "You have marvellous
legs, Polly," I said. "Exquisite calves. Such long, sensuous thighs. I love
them. I want them. I want to hurt them." Polly was gagging and crying and trying
to beg. "Look at her squirm," I said. "Do that again, boys."

"No!" Polly squalled frantically. "No! Please! I'll--I--oh god god no--"

"What about her tits?" Al said.

"Al wants your breasts, Polly," I said. "Show them to us."

"I--oh--I can't--I'm--"

"Do it," I said. "Or I'll kill you right now."

Polly was out of her mind with pain, sobbing and gasping. But she took hold of
the back of her blouse with her cuffed hands and pulled at it, twisted its
material in her hands until it was stretched tight across her lovely breasts. A
button popped. The blouse strained.

"Look at that," Sid said. "God. Look at those nipples standing out! Shit! Rip it
off, baby."

But Polly couldn't. "Please," she sobbed.

"Polly," I said. "Roll over onto your back. That's right. Hold onto your blouse,
and don't let that skirt slip down. Just get on your back. Hurry."

What a sight was Polly's arching, straining body, hands crushed beneath her,
breasts thrusting up hard against her thin top, quivering, jerking, curvy legs
exposed, bare, stretching toward us.

"Al," I said. "Fuck her."

"No," Polly moaned despairingly.

Al tore her panties off and fell on top of her and stuck his cock all the way
inside her and Polly yowled, then sobbed and bleated as Al did it to her.

"Sid," I said, "tie her ankles in back of him."

Sid lashed Polly's ankles together so those fantastic legs curled around Al's
body, squeezing into him. Thighs strained and taut and vulnerable, calves taut
and straining and curvy luscious soft. And Al tore that blouse apart and Polly's
round beautiful jouncing breasts were naked, and Al bit into one and Polly
screamed and her body spasmed under him and her gorgeous thighs tightened and
rippled. I told Sid to get off in Polly's mouth and Polly sobbed and gagged
around his dick until he shot down her throat.

"Sid," I said. "Now. Cigarettes."

Sid lit up.

Polly said, "No please anything I'm sorry I'll do anything, anything you want no
please no please no."

And I smiled.

"Pretty Polly. Her thighs, Sid. Burn her thighs. Burn them all over. And don't
stop."

Sid did. And Al came into Polly's bouncing, jouncing, twisting, bucking,
agony-filled body.

And so forth, until I was satiated enough to fuck her. I made her get on her
knees, shaking and spasming, with ankles still bound and wrists still handcuffed
behind, on her knees with her head on the floor and I fucked Polly up the ass.
Brutally. And I took her long dark silky hair and yanked her head up and made
her suck off Sid standing in front of her. I fucked her and I told Al to get
down and burn her dangling breasts. Burn them and burn them and ruin those sweet
upstanding pink nipples. Polly screamed her lungs out around Sid's cock until
Sid came all over her face, and her whole body writhed and jerked and twisted
around until I shot it all far into her belly.

"Now I can kill you," I said.

"No," Polly gasped out. "Don't. Please. I'll do anything."

"Pretty thing," I said. "You'll have to be my whore."

"I will," Polly sobbed.

"Say it."

"I'm your whore."

"Cock-sucker."

"C-cocksucker."

"Filthy fucking twat."

"Ohh--I--filthy fucking twat!"

And Polly was my filthy fucking whore twat when next night I had a party and
hung Polly up naked in the middle fo the room and leg anybody whip her. Her
young husband watched as I made her suck us all off and ask us all to piss on
her. I made him piss on her too.

And now as I dictate this Polly is sucking my dick, hands behind her, writhing
in pain...




RAPING SUSAN
By V.P. Viddler

"What am I doing to you?"

"You're raping me."

"Say it."

"You're raping me."

"Say it again."

"Oh god, you're raping me, raping me, raping me."

"What can you do about it?"

"Nothing."

"What?"

"Nothing. I can't do anything about it. Nothing."

"Why not?"

"Because I'm tied down."

"Who tied you down?"

"You tied me down."

"How are you tied down?"

"My arms and legs are stretched out. My wrists and ankles are tied with rope.
I'm spread out for you."

"Spread how?"

"Spread tight. Tight. I can't do anything."

"You can't do anything to stop me?"

"No. I can't."

"To stop me raping you."

"No. I can't."

"And I am raping you, aren't I, Susan?"

"Yes. You're raping me."

"I'm using your body, Susan, isn't that right? I'm taking it."

"Yes."

"Against your will."

"Yes. Against my will."

"You hate this, don't you, Susan."

"Yes. I do."

"And you hate me, don't you, Susan?"

"Yes. God, yes. Oh dear god, yes. I hate you."

"Because I'm raping you."

"Raping me."

"Do you want me to stop, Susan?"

"Yes."

"All right."

"No."

"What?"

"Yes. No."

"Say you want me to go on raping you, Susan."

"I hate you."

"Say it, Susan."

"I hate you, I hate you."

"Say it."

"I want you to rape me."

"Say it."

"I want you to rape me."

"You want me to rape the shit out of you."

"I want you to rape the shit out of me."

"You want me to make you come."

"I can't."

"You can't what?"

"I can't."

"You can, Susan. You will."

"Don't. I don't want to."

"You do."

"Please."

"I'm still raping you, Susan."

"Yes."

"You can't stop me, you can't do anything about it. Not a damn thing."

"No."

"All tied up and spread out and helpless. And being raped."

"Oh god."

"I can make you come, Susan."

"No."

"Say it."

"Please."

"Say it."

"You can make me come. You're raping me and I'm going to come. I'm going to come
oh god raping me stop no yes Jesus raping raping raping do it no please Jesus."

"Will you suck my cock, Susan?"

"Don't ask me that."

"Will you?"

"Yes. I want to suck your cock, I want to lick your ass, I want to be your
whore, please stop, I can't, don't rape me, rape me, rape me, ah Jesus god I'm
going to come."

"I'll rape you all night, Susan."

"You bastard."

"Raping Susan, oh raping Susan, oh raping--"

"You bastard I'm coming yes rape me yes please shit hah! Hah! Hah! Hah!"

"Darling Susan."

"Bastard."

"You came so good."

"I hate you."

"I'm going to fuck your face now, Susan darling."

"No."

"I'm going to rape your mouth."

"Please."

"Please what?"

"Please rape my mouth."

"Ahhhh. Suck it, Susan. Back and forth, all the way, that's it, down into your
throat, yes, lick it, Susan, yes, that's a girl. All of it, Susan."

"Mmmm. AAggghhh. Nnnngghh."

"Raping Susan's mouth. That's a good girl. Raping Susan's throat. Susan's lips.
Susan's helpless face. Raping all of Susan. That's it, Susan. I'll rape you
again. Again and again. Take it Susan. Swallow it, all of it, swallow, Susan.
Again. Again. All right. Cry, Susan, yes. I'm raping you again. Is it good?"

"Please don't."

"Raping Susan."

"Stop, oh, yes, raping me, raping me, bastard son of a bitch raping raping
raping I can't do anything. Rape my ass too ah..."




REMEMBER, SYLVIA?
By V.P. Viddler

"I want you to watch this," an older man said to a younger. Both sat across a
desk from a young woman in that woman's office. The young woman was sitting in a
comfortable chair, elegantly dressed, with each wrist handcuffed to an arm of
the chair.

"I ask you with all my soul not to do this," the woman said.

"Why, Sylvia," the older man said. "I told Buddy I would make you crawl for him.
I can't disappoing him, can I? Buddy is so anxious to watch you crawling. Isn't
that right, Buddy?"

"God, yes," Buddy said.

"I won't," Sylvia said.

"No?" the older man said.

"Kyle--I beg you--" Sylvia said.

"Watch," Kyle said. "I won't even have to touch her. Will I, Sylvia?"

"You filthy bastard," Sylvia said.

"All right, Buddy," Kyle said. "I'm going to ell you about the last time I saw
Sylvia."

"No," Sylvia said. "Don't."

Kyle smiled. "Actually, I was not the only man who saw Sylvia on that occasion.
I was just one of six, wasn't it, Sylvia? Six. All of us there for only one
purpose, of course--to participate in the grinding into dirt of Sylvia's body
and Sylvia's soul."

"Don't," Sylvia said.

"I can recall it vividly," Kyle said. "I can see you hanging there in mid-air,
spreadeagled, straining, without a stitch of clothing on that fantastic body.
Wrists and ankles bound with ropes lashed to hooks in the ceiling, rings in the
floor. Absolutely suspended in air, pulled four ways, skin so taut it
practically thrummed. Blaring nakedness. Breasts straining upward, tight,
nipples pointing. Long luscious lovely legs taut and quivering. Not able to move
a muscle. Remember, Sylvia?"

Sylvia was sobbing. "No. Please. Don't."

"And not making a sound," Kyle said. "Oh, a small sound now and then,
whimpering, mewling--all that could be heard through that gag in Sylvia's mouth.
That gag consisting of Sylvia's own panties, which we had made Sylvia put into
her mouth as we had watched her strip for us. Remember, Sylvia?"

Sylvia was gasping now, and squirming. "Bastard. Please stop. Please."

Kyle moved around Sylvia's desk and unlocked the cuff on Sylvia's right wrist.
"Now you can play with yourself if you like," Kyle said.

Sylvia was crying.

"All Sylvia could move was her head. But not after I bound her hair with thin
cord and ran that to the ceiling, pulling her head up so high, making her strain
her neck, bringing awful pain to her scalp. Just holding still was agonizing,
wasn't it, Sylvia? And when you had to move--as with each lash across that
helpless body-- how that agony was made insupportable! Right, Sylvia?"

Sylvia was moaning, her hand sliding involuntarily up under her skirt. Kyle was
smiling.

"And then the whipping began. Remember, Sylvia? Two men in front of you, two in
back. Taking turns. Whipping you with long, broad leather straps. In rhythm.
While you tried so hard to scream through that gag. Hitting your breasts. Your
thighs. Your stomach. Your back. Your pussy. Your buttocks. And breasts again.
And thighs. And stomach--"

Sylvia slid off her chair, going to her knees on the floor, crouching forward,
moaning, sobbing, gasping.

Kyle said, "Good girl," and unlocked the left cuff.

Sylvia made animal sounds, shaking as she bowed to the floor. Scrabbling at her
clothing.

"Go ahead, Sylvia. Strip. Just as we made you do for us that night. Baring that
young soft body. Preparing yourself for your own immolation. Remember how you
crawled for us, Sylvia? Remember how you begged? Remember how that mouth
serviced us all, again and again, all night long? Crying all the while. Lick the
floor, Sylvia. Now. Lick the floor so Buddy can see just how much of a low
stinking animal cunt slut slave you are."

Sylvia was growling out gasps and babblings and now lay flat on her stomach and
with both hands began pulling her skirt up over her long legs, up over calves
and thighs and hips, up around her waist, while she put out her tongue and began
licking furiously at the dirty floor.

"Tell Buddy to piss on you," Kyle said.

"Please for god's sake no yes Buddy piss on me piss all over me piss me drown me
I'll suck your cock whip me fuck me kill me!"

"Crawl," Kyle said. "Crawl for Buddy," and Sylvia was sobbing and crawling and
crawling and Buddy pissed and came...




THE RIGHT WORDS
By V.P. Viddler

When she had finally stopped screaming and then babbling and then moaning and
then sobbing and gasping, the man with the cigar told her again that her brother
was waiting.

All his life, she thought, he had been waiting for this all his life.

"Do ask him nicely," the man with the cigar said, and when she just whimpered he
began puffing on it again.

"No," she said, almost choking on the words but unable to stop herself from
saying them. "No god no please I can't." And as the man took the cigar from his
mouth she said, "All right. All right. Don't. Please. I will. I'll do it.
Please. All right."

"Do it," the man said. "Now."

She could not see her brother, she could not move her head, or anything else.
Stretched out and spread wide and tied down, wrists and ankles bound, waist
bound, hair clamped and bound, pulling painfully, though that pain was nothing
to the pain of the cigar burning into her flesh, again and again and again, into
her breasts and her thighs and her stomach and her vagina. Until she had been
twisting uncontrollably, bucking and squirming and howling inhumanly with the
unimaginable agony.

"All right," she said. "Do it, John," she said. "Please do it. Please have sex
with me. Please." She was crying.

"Use the right words," the man said, and she could hear John now, panting.
Panting for his dream come true. To despoil her, to violate his older sister,
his proud arrogant contemptuous haughty snob of a sister, to take that sensuous
body, to have it bent to his will, to rape and hurt and degrade her. "And ask
him nicely," the man with the cigar said.

Crying, she said, "Please fuck me, John. Please I'm begging you. Please fuck my
cunt. Put your cock in me and fuck me hard. All you want. Please."

She couldn't stop crying as she said this disgusting thing to him, fouling her
own soul. But if only they wouldn't hurt her any more. She knew she would have
to ask the man with the cigar to take her also. And the others. All of them. How
many? Six? And what would they make her do? "Please," she said crying. "Please
John do it to me."

"Oh, sis," John said, and now he was looking down at her, and his hand was on
her nipple and it was pinching hard on the burn and she was shrieking shrilly
and thrashing.

"No! No! Don't!"

"Hurt, sis?" John said, grinning now. "Hurt a lot?" And pinching harder.

"Haaaaaa! Stop no stop don't stop!"

"Love to see you this way, sis. Going to fuck the shit out of you. Going to have
him burn your thighs as I'm doing it."

"No! No! Please! No!"

"Going to have your fine gorgeous body twisting and wriggling and spasming and
bucking and squirming against me as I fuck your proud little cunt, sis. As that
cigar sears into your soft smooth skin. Won't that be fun?"

"John no John I'll be good I'll be good for you no please I'll do anything John
listen please anything you want just please no."

"But what I want is to watch you suffering, sis. So much. So badly. That's what
I want."

"Don't let him oh god please don't let him I'll do anything at all just tell me
what you want and I'll do it, I'll do it so good so good please please you can
all have me I'll do it for all of you I'll fuck you all if you want to use my
mouth I will use my mouth on you all of you I will suck you and kiss you and
lick you please and you can use my ass fuck my ass all you want I'll be your
slave your toy I'll crawl and lick your feet oh god oh dear god please anything
please anything no."

"You will do all that, Susan. Yes, you will do all that for us and much more.
Much much more. But you will scream for us also. And if your brother wants you
screaming and twisting as he fucks you, that is what you will do. I have a whole
box of cigars, Susan, and I will be able to burn you for hours. All night long,
in fact. Your screaming will keep us all hard no matter how many times we come
in your mouth or in your cunt or up your ass or in your face. So you will be
kept busy fucking and sucking us all night. But if we get tired of you we will
bring in your father and make him fuck you. Do you think he would like that,
Susan?"

"Yes. I know he would. You--oh no no I'm sorry I'm sorry I didn't no please
I'm--haaugghhh!"

"Put a gag in her mouth. I'm going to make this bitch choke on her own vomit.
Now, Susan. Now!"

"Nngg-Nngghh! Gghnn. Hnnn. Nn. Nn. Nn. NNNNNNGGGHHHHH!"

"Now you can fuck her. Do it to her good."

John lying on top of his sister grinning down at her forcing her to look into
his eyes as he rammed his cock hard into her soft helpless vagina. "God you are
fine, sis. Just fine! Look, I'm doing it, aren't I, sis? I'm fucking you. Oh you
filthy cunt bitch I'm finally fucking you, raping you, screwing the crap out of
you. How do you like it, sis? How does it feel? To have my cock pounding at you,
to know you can't do anything about it. No, not a damn thing you can do, sis,
all stretched out and tied down like this. Burn her now."

"No! No!"

"Then talk to me, sis. Tell me you love me."

"John."

"Burn her."

"No! I--I will. I--I love--I oh god I love you."

"Again. Again. Again."

"I love you oh god I love I love you I love you I love you."

"Tell me you want me to fuck you."

"I want you to fuck me I want you to fuck me do it fuck me John please."

"I'm going to come in your mouth, sis. Open your mouth. Swallow my come sis."

"Now I'll make her vomit it up," the man with the cigar said. And he did. And
then he had Susan go down on hands and knees and lick it up. Till she was sick
again. And he made her lick that up too.

By the time they brought her father in she was an animal and she knew she was an
animal and she couldn't stop because they would hurt her still more. "Crawl to
your father," and she did, crawling and saying "Daddy look at me Daddy look at
your little girl Daddy I'm a whore Daddy I'm a filthy slut and I fucked my
brother and fucked all these men and I did everything for them and I am a filthy
crawling sex toy Daddy and you want to fuck me too and you can Daddy you can
fuck your own daughter I will spread for you I will suck your cock and I will
give you my body Daddy just don't let them hurt me any more."

"But Daddy wants to hurt you."

"I know Daddy you love to see me in pain," and Susan was soon hanging by her
wrists and screaming as her Daddy ground cigars out on her thighs and breasts as
her brother was whipping her as hard as he could and all of them rubbing their
cocks against her twisting body and coming on her coming all over that body...




THE SERVANT
By V.P. Viddler

"You think I'm a bitch, don't you, Hopkins," Cicily Upshur said, sitting in the
large kitchen in her palatial home on Long Island.

Cicily was twenty-six, tall, slim, aristocratic looking, with soft dark hair and
hard dark eyes, and a striking lovly face and a luscious, curvy body.

"That is not for me to say, Madam," Hopkins said. Hopkins, butler and general
factotum of the Upshur house, was a compactly built man who might be thirty or
forty or fifty.

"I'm asking you your opinion, Hopkins," Cicily said. "I know you think I'm a
bitch. You might as well say so."

"It is not my place to do that, Madam," Hopkins said, continuing to make
preparations for that night's formal dinner party.

"Poor Hopkins," Cicily said. "I do make your life hell, don't I?"

Hopkins said nothing.

"Always giving you orders. Always snapping at you. Nasty, impatient, imperious.
And not giving a damn. Right, Hopkins?"

Hopkins said nothing.

"Oh, say it, Hopkins," Cicily said. "I won't fire you. I know you hate me. All
servants probably hate their employers, but you must hate me in the worst way.
Because I'm so bitchy and nasty and overbearing. Right, Hopkins? Answer me, damn
it!"

Hopkins took a breath. "If you insist, Madam," Hopkins said. "What you say has
-- a certain amount of truth."

Cicily laughed. "How diplomatic! A certain amount of truth. You hate me, don't
you Hopkins?"

"At times, Madam, I must admit," Hopkins said.

"I'll bet. And what else will you admit, Hopkins? Do you think about getting
back at me sometimes?"

"I'm not sure what you mean, Madam."

"Yes you are. You think about putting me in my place. Don't you? Of how it would
be if you could give ME orders. Make me YOUR servant. By way of punishing me for
the way I treat you. Don't you, Hopkins?"

"Madam, I --"

"Say it, for god's sake. You snivelling cowardly bastard, don't crawl like a
worm, I said I wouldn't fire you, didn't I? This is your chance to tell me what
you think of me. So say it, Hopkins. You would like that, wouldn't you? To put
me in your place. To punish me. To make me obey you. You do think about that,
don't you, Hopkins?"

"Yes," Hopkins said, stopping what he was doing. "Yes, Madam, I do. I do think
about that."

"Of course you do," Cicily said. "Tell me about it."

Hopkins took a breath. "It is as you say, Madam. All servants, I suppose, think
that way sometimes. About how it would be to be the master. To show you how it
feels. To get some of my own back, if you will. I think how it would be to put
you -- to show you --"

"To punish me," Cicily said.

"Yes," Hopkins said. "I think of that too."

"To hurt me," Cicly said. "To make me suffer. For what I've done to you. Is that
it, Hopkins?"

"I -- Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"And what else?" Cicily said.

"Madam?"

"Do you think I'm attractive, Hopkins?"

"Attractive, Madam?"

"Attractive. Physically."

"Why -- yes, Madam."

"Do you think I have a good body, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"Am I to answer truthfully, Madam?" Hopkins said.

"By all means, Hopkins," Cicily said.

"Then yes, Madam, I do."

"Thank you, Hopkins," Cicily said. "Now -- truthfully, Hopkins -- when you think
about -- what you'd like to do to me -- do you ever think about me in a --
sexual way?"

"Madam, I think I shall not continue with this conversation, if you don't --"

"Hopkins," Cicily said. "I don't care what you want to do right now, all right?
You are my servant, remember? And I want you to answer me. I order you to answer
me, Hopkins, do you understand? I demand that you answer whatever I may ask you
-- and answer truthfully -- or I WILL fire you, Hopkins. Instantly. With no
references, no severance pay -- nothing. Is that what you want, Hopkins?"

"No, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Then answer me. Now."

"The answer is yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Oh?" Cicily said. "You do think of me sexually, is that right, Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam."

"You think of how it would be to possess me. Don't you?"

"Yes, Madam."

"You think," Cicily said, "of how I would look naked. Is that right, Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Yes," Cicily said. "I'll bet you do, Hopkins. And when you think about getting
back at me, Hopkins -- of punishing me for what I do to you -- you think of
doing it to me while I'm naked. Do you?"

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Naked," Cicily said. "And -- bound, Hopkins?"

Hopkins nodded slowly. "Yes, Madam. That too."

"Ah," Cicily said softly. "I thought so. And, Hopkins -- once you have me that
way -- in your power -- stripped naked -- bound hand and foot -- what would you
do then? How would you punish me, Hopkins? What do you think of doing to me?"

"Madam, I --"

"And would you take my body -- would you possess my body, Hopkins- -would you do
that first? Before you punish me? Or wait until afterwards?"

"Both, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Both?"

"Both," Hopkins said. "I would take you first, Madam, so that you would be
undistracted, as it were, and fully aware of what was happening to you. Your
mind unclouded by pain, still in the first clear consciousness of your
subjugation. So that you could fully appreciate the horror of it -- of having
your body violated, despoiled, by your own servant. And I would have you again
afterwards, to satisfy the lust that I have no doubt your degradation and
suffering would rouse; and to do it, furthermore, on your already pain-wracked,
agonized, brutalized and helpless body. Madam."

"I see," Cicily said softly. "In that case, I assume, Hopkins, you would have me
bound flat. On your bed, perhaps. With my legs, obviously, spread apart. Is that
right, Hopkins?"

"At that point, Madam, yes," Hopkins said. "I do not, however, envision your
bondage as being limited to one position only."

"I suppose," Cicily said, "that in such a fantasy, there is no reason why it
should. What other positions do you imagine me in, Hopkins?"

"I imagine you hanging by your wrists, Madam," Hopkins said. "Hanging from the
ceiling. With your feet right off the floor, you see. Hanging free. With your
body stretched taut. With your arms straining. With your legs kicking. With your
body pulled tight. With your -- with your --"

"My breasts, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"Your breasts," Hopkins said. "Pulled high. Tight. Pointing. And I would --"

"What, Hopkins," Cicily said. "What would you do if you had me that way?"

"I would whip you, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Ah," Cicily said. "Would you. Hopkins. Indeed."

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Hard, Hopkins?"

"Very hard, Madam."

"All over, Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam."

"Until I was screaming, I suppose."

"Far beyond that, Madam."

"Yes," Cicily said. "I know. You would want to hear me screaming, of course. And
hear me pleading with you for mercy. Begging you to stop. And perhaps promising
you unimaginable things, if only you would stop. Is that what you want, Hopkins?
To have me that way, screaming for you, crying out with pain, begging for your
mercy, promising to do things for you -- anything you want, Hopkins -- anything
at all -- if only you will stop hurting me. Is that it, Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam. Plus, of course, the sight of you, twisting under the whip.
Twisting and squirming and writhing and flailing as I whip you. Watching your
agony. Savoring it. You see, Madam."

"Yes," Cicily said. "I do see. And if you did all that, Hopkins- -if you had me
in your power, and you had me strip naked for you, and you bound me on your bed
and had your way with me, took my body, and then hung me up by my wrists and
whipped me, until I was screaming and begging in agony, and then took me again
-- would you still be my servant -- afterwards?"

"Yes, Madam. But it would be different, Madam."

"Of course. Because you would have your memories, would you not, Hopkins? Of my
body. Of my pain. Of my screams."

"More than that, Madam. I would know, you see. And I would know that you know,
Madam. That you know and carry in your mind also, the fact that I, a servant, I,
Hopkins, had been privy to your body. Had possessed your body. Had had you
helpless, bound, twisting, had whipped that body, subjugated it. Had known your
agony. Your degradation. Your humiliation. And I would see it in your eyes,
Madam. Whenever you gave me an order, or made an imperious remark, or simply
passed by in your haughty way -- that knowledge, that memory, would be in your
eyes. In your soul, Madam. And I would know. And you would know that I know. And
I would know that you know that I know. Madam."

"You would make me crawl, would you not, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"I would, Madam," Hopkins said.

"My husband," Cicily said, "would never be able to do that."

"I am not your husband, Madam," Hopkins said. "Nor would I be."

"But you would be my master," Cicily said.

"Most assuredly, Madam," Hopkins said.

Cicily said nothing for a long moment. Then, slowly, she rose from her chair.
Cicily looked at Hopkins, who looked back at her. Then Cicily's glance swept the
room. And slowly, gracefully, she was moving, moving to the arched doorway that
led to the dining room. A high horizontal bar ran across the top of the archway.
Facing Hopkins, Cicily slowly reached up, grasping that bar with both hands,
arms spread wide. With her feet spread slightly apart, the position pulled
Cicily's body tight, thrusting her breasts against her straining blouse,
outlining her legs through her skirt. Cicily's eyes were on Hopkins', and his on
hers.

"It is a good body, isn't it, Hopkins," Cicily said.

Hopkins allowed his eyes to fall and rise again, taking that body in thoroughly.
"It is indeed, Madam," Hopkins said.

"It attracts you," Cicily said. "It arouses you. Doesn't it, Hopkins?"

"It does, Madam."

"Particularly," Cicily said, "the thought of hurting it. Is that right,
Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said. "Particularly that."

"Hopkins," Cicily said. "There is a riding whip hanging by the door."

"I know," Hopkins said.

"Is it that kind of whip that you would use on me, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"It would do, Madam," Hopkins said.

Cicily took a long breath, raising her breasts, tautening her body through her
clothes.

"Get it, Hopkins," Cicily said.

Hopkins did so. Holding the riding whip, he came to stand within reach of
Cicily, as she stood, body taut, hands holding on to the bar. Now Cicily turned,
facing away from him, but again placing her hands at each end of that bar,
planting her legs apart, holding her head high.

"Use it, Hopkins," Cicily said.

"Shall I, Madam?" Hopkins said.

"Do as I say, Hopkins," Cicily said.

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"And Hopkins."

"Yes, Madam?"

"Do not hold back. Do you understand?"

"As you wish, Madam," Hopkins said.

Hopkins raised the whip. Cicily stiffened. Hopkins struck. Very hard. The riding
whip slashed across Cicily's taut back, making a long rip in her blouse,
cracking against her skin, causing her body to lurch forward. But Cicily did not
let go of the bar. Her body stayed as it was, tightly stretched, though the
knuckles of her hands were white as they clutched at the bar.

For a long moment there was silence. Then Cicily said, "Oh, dear god. Oh my dear
sweet god. I didn't think -- oh Jesus. Oh. I never thought it could -- oh
Jesus."

Silence again. Cicily stood, panting, holding on to the bar. Hopkins stood,
holding the whip. And finally Cicly said, "Hopkins."

"Yes, Madam?"

"Do it again."

"As you wish, Madam," Hopkins said.

And he did it again. A bit lower. Cicily's blouse split again, and Cicily's body
thrust itself lurchingly forward, and a sharp hissing sound came from Cicily's
mouth, followed by an unworldly, animal-like cry.

But Cicily still did not let go of the bar. And after a long moment, Cicily
said, "Christ help me. I think I -- I can't -- how could it -- oh god that hurts
oh Jesus it hurts Christ in heaven how can I- -Hopkins --"

"Shall I do it again, Madam?"

"You -- oh -- oh dear god -- do you -- are you -- enjoying this, Hopkins?"

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

"All right," Cicily said. "Go ahead."

"Would you care to turn around, Madam?" Hopkins said.

Cicily caught her breath.

"I don't -- I don't think I could stand it," Cicily said.

"Madam," Hopkins said. "Turn around. Now."

"Oh, god," Cicily said softly. "Oh god have mercy." And Cicily turned to face
Hopkins again. And again, as Hopkins watched, raised her arms to grasp the
horizontal bar. And waited. Her breasts rising and falling rapidly against her
straining blouse. Her taut body trembling. Her eyes closing as Hopkins raised
the whip.

But unmoving.

Until Hopkins swung that whistling whip sharply down across Cicily's thrusting
breasts, slashing it viciously across the rounded flesh, across the nipples,
ripping through the blouse, grunting loudly with the effort of it.

Now Cicily screamed. Just once, and very loud. And then Cicily's hands slipped
from the bar, and she crumpled, moaning, to the floor.

Lying at Hopkins' feet, body quivering, writhing in pain, Cicily spoke. "Please
don't do it any more. Don't hit me any more. I can't. Please. Not any more. I'll
do what you want. Please."

Hopkins stood looking down at her. Cicily clutched at his feet. "Please," Cicily
said. "I can't do it. Just don't do it again. Please don't do that again. I --
tell me what you want me to do."

"Stand up, Madam," Hopkins said.

"All right," Cicily said. "All right. I -- will you help me?"

"No," Hopkins said.

Cicily got to her knees. Then slowly, painfully, to her feet. Hopkins did not
help her.

"Don't hit me again," Cicily said. "I'll --"

"What will you do, Madam?" Hopkins said.

Cicily said nothing.

Hopkins waited. Still holding the whip.

Cicily said, "Would -- would you like to see me naked, Hopkins?"

"Of course, Madam," Hopkins said.

"If -- if I -- if I take my clothes off for you -- will you -- you won't hit me
again, will you, Hopkins?"

"I will make no bargains, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Oh god," Cicily said. "All right. All right, Hopkins. I'll do it. I'm going to
do it, Hopkins. I'm going to take off my clothes for you. Just for you, Hopkins.
Watch me. Watch me, Hopkins."

Cicily was panting. Slowly her hands went to the front of her blouse. Looking
straight at Hopkins, she began to unbutton it. Button by button the blouse was
undone. At the final button Cicily stopped. "I -- I'm not wearing a brassiere,"
Cicily said, her voice low.

"I am aware of that, Madam," Hopkins said.

Cicily took a breath, opened the last button, and took the blouse off. It hung
from her hand for a moment, then fell to the floor. Cicily stood very still.
Hopkins was gazing at her breasts, his face expressionless.

"Do you like them, Hopkins?" Cicily said at last.

"I do, Madam," Hopkins said. "They are, in point of fact, still more attractive
than I had thought they would be. They look fuller, and rounder, than when you
are fully clothed. And most arousingly firm, Madam, if I may say so. And the
mark of the whip across them only adds to that attractiveness."

As Hopkins spoke, Cicily's nipples grew hard and stiff, a fact which Hopkins
could not but notice.

"Shall I go on, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"If you please, Madam," Hopkins said.

Cicily now took off her skirt.

"I must say that I have always admired your legs, Madam," Hopkins said.

"I know that," Cicily said. "I have seen you looking at them. Well, now you can
see all of them, Hopkins. You can look your fill, can you not?"

"Kindly remove the pants, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Shall I?" Cicily said. "Well, after all, perhaps not. Something should be left
to the imagination, don't you think, Hopkins?"

Hopkins raised the whip.

"All right," Cicily said. "I will."

But she stood still.

"No," Cicily said. "Make me. Make me do it."

Swiftly and suddenly, Hopkins slashed the whip down across Cicily's thighs.
Cicily cried out. Hopkins brought the whip up again.

"No," Cicily said. "I will."

But Hopkins slashed again across her thighs. And Cicily, moaning, took off her
panties.

"Don't hit me any more, Hopkins," Cicily said.

Hopkins was just looking at her as she stood there.

"Am I as you imagined, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"You are exquisite, Madam," Hopkins said.

"And will you -- are you going to -- bind me, Hopkins? In the way you spoke of?"
And Cicily raised her arms high above her head, stretching her body, standing on
tiptoe, with her wrists crossed, as though trussed that way by a rope.

"I think not right now, Madam," Hopkins said. "I would like you now to do
something you promised to do earlier."

"Oh?" Cicily said. "What was that, Hopkins?"

"You said that you would crawl for me, Madam," Hopkins said.

"Oh," Cicily said. "Did I?"

"You did, Madam," Hopkins said.

"And you wish me to crawl for you? Now?"

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said. "Now."

"Will you whip me if I do not?" Cicily said.

"Is that what you wish, Madam?" Hopkins said.

Cicily said nothing for a long time. Then, slowly, Cicily sank to the floor.
First on her knees, then onto all fours.

"This way, Hopkins?" Cicily said in a whisper.

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

And Cicily began to crawl. Slowly, submissively, with her naked haunches
rippling, her breasts swaying slightly, her dark hair hanging, Cicily crawled
across the kitchen floor. Reaching the far wall, she turned and crawled back.

"Is that what you wanted, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"Please do not stop, Madam," Hopkins said.

So Cicily crawled around the room. Around and around. Now, as Hopkins watched
Cicily crawling, he began to take off his clothes. Soon he was naked. His penis
was stiff and long. Cicily was panting, but did not stop crawling.

Hopkins lay down on the floor, on his back. Still holding the whip. Without
being told, Cicliy now crawled toward him. Hopkins lay with his legs pointing
toward Cicily. Cicicly crawled to him.

"Will you make me give myself to you, Hopkins?" Cicily said.

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said.

And Cicily crawled over Hopkins as he lay, crawling above him, over his feet,
his legs, upward. But as Cicily's head was just above his crotch, Hopkins said,
"Stop, Madam."

Cicily stopped. Crouching that way, halfway up his body, Cicily now looked at
him, in surprise at first, and then with a gradual realization. Cicily's eyes
widened in shock. For a moment she said nothing. Then she swallowed.

"With -- with my mouth?" Cicily said, half-whispering.

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said. "With your mouth."

"Oh, dear god," Cicily said. "I will. Hopkins. I will. You'll remember this,
won't you, Hopkins? When I give you orders in future. You'll see it in my eyes,
won't you? See my mouth upon you. Doing your bidding. Taking you."

"Yes, Madam," Hopkins said. "I will see it."

"And so will I," Cicily said. "I'm going to do it, Hopkins. Whip me. I want you
to. I want you to whip me hard while I do it to you."

And Cicily took Hopkins into her mouth, and Hopkins whipped Cicily's back, very
hard, and Cicily screamed and still did it, and it went on until Cicily's
husband came in...




THE SHERIFF
By V.P. Viddler

"Crawl for us, girl," the sheriff said, and I did.

I had no will left. For four full days I had been in their power. For four days
and nights I had been a plaything for them. For four days and nights I had been
raped and beaten and whipped and tortured and tormented. Until I was broken,
fully. I had screamed and yelled and I had begged and pleaded, but I had only
driven them on. They were animals, panting animals with a live toy to play with.
I had been debased and ground into dirt and they had done everything they
possibly could to me.

I couldn't even pray that they would sometime tire of it and let me go. For all
I knew they might kill me first. But after you have been held down and beaten
and raped and spat on and urinated on for four days continually, you have no
fight, you have nothing.

So when the sheriff said to crawl, I crawled. I, Jennifer Cranach, militant
feminist, fighter for equality. I dragged myself to my hands and knees, and I
crawled, naked and filthy, crawled across the floor of that decaying jailhouse,
crawled naked before those laughing, leering, snickering men slouched in their
chairs, sweating, gloating as I pulled myself along the floor. I was aware that
my naked breasts swayed helplessly as I crawled, that my haunches wiggled, that
my thighs rippled for the amusement and lust of my doltish captors. And I
crawled for them. Sweating and whimpering.

"Damn, damn, damn!" the sheriff said. "Somebody piss on this broad. Make her
drink it."

And somebody pissed on me. And somebody else pissed in a cup, and they made me
stand up and they gave me the cup and told me to drink it. And I drank it. I
cried, to their pleasure, but I drank it.

Once I had vomited while they were beating me and they made me eat it. They made
me eat it off the floor, with my hair hanging in it.

And once they made me suck of a pig.

I wasn't going to. I didn't care any more if they killed me, there was still a
scrap of dignity I was going to keep. They spread me out over a table and
started on my breasts, and all of them did it all over my body. With cigarettes,
and cigars. I don't know how many, but it went on until I was crazy and they had
to tie me down and they asked me if I wouldn't like to suck off the pig and I
said yes, and they said did I beg to suck off the pig and I said yes, and they
said ask them nice and they kept putting out the cigarettes and I said I
screamed oh please, oh dear god, please let me suck of the pig, please oh god,
and they untied me and I fell on the floor and they brought the pig and I sucked
it off. And they said kiss it nice, and I kissed the pig. And I put my tongue in
its mouth. And I sucked it off and they said swallow it and I swallowed it all.

After that they brought in all the men they wanted and I fucked them.

So I drank that piss and I crawled in front of them. And I sucked them off,
sucked them slowly or swiftly according to what they wanted. And they hosed me
down so they could fuck me. And the sheriff lay on top of me and he grinned and
he looked down into my eyes as he fucked me and I put my legs around him the way
he liked and I squirmed and twisted for him and he spat in my face.

He said, "Girl, you're a real whore, you know that?"

"Yes, sir," I said.

Everybody laughed.

"Tell these guys how much you love this," he said, and I said, "Oh, I love it. I
love you, sheriff. I love you to fuck me." And I started to cry and they took me
and stretched me out and I screamed and begged them not to hurt me any more and
the sheriff said was I a whore and I said yes and he said would I eat their shit
and I said yes and I twisted for them...




THE SHOW
By V.P. Viddler

"You filthy bastard. You dirty rotten son of a bitch. If you think you can just
bring anybody up here and--and put on some kind of show--oh, you scum. Go away,
all of you. Now."

"Now, Susan. These guys are my pals. I told them all about you, and all about
what you are. And everything."

"Bastard. I don't want to have anything to do with you. Ever again."

"You don't mean that, Susan. And I'm going to show my pals that."

"If you think I'll--"

"I know you will, Susan baby. I know it, and so do you. So let's start right
now. Watch this, boys."

"I won't, it won't work any more, David. Just go."

"Bitch."

"Don't, David. I'm not going to--"

"Cunt."

"No. No, David. I'm not going to do this."

"Whore."

"David, I--"

"Slut."

"David--"

"Shit."

"I'm not--I can't--"

"Twat."

"Don't--DAvid, please--"

"Asshole."

"I can't--I--oh, David--"

"You're shaking, Susan. Susan slut."

"No."

"Susan cocksucker whore."

"Christ, look at her."

"Please. David, I--please--"

"Shit turd."

"Ah. Ah. Oh Jesus, ah--"

"Can't stand up any more, Susan slut? That's it, down on your knees, that's
right. That's right, Susan bitch twat."

"Oh. David, don't--Christ, please--"

"On all fours, pussy mouth."

"Ah. Ah."

"That's it. Bow your head."

"Yes. All right."

"What did I say, boys?"

"Christ, look at that."

"Susan."

"No."

"Crawl."

"Oh god."

"Crawl, Susan cunt. Crawl for us. That's the way. Don't stop. Keep crawling."

"Ah. Ah."

"Jesus, her tits swing like bolo balls."

"What about those legs? Christ, I want to touch those legs."

"What do you want, Susan?"

"Oh god--David--no--"

"Tell us, Susan. Tell us all. What is it that you want?"

"I can't--"

"Bitch whore cunt twat cocksucking pussy mouth slut. Tell us."

"Ah Ah Ah. I--I--I--want--"

"What, Susan?"

"I want you to whip me."

"What? Say it again, Susan slut. Louder."

"I want you to whip me. Oh god please whip me. Whip me hard."

"What will you do for us if we whip you, Susan?"

"Anything. I'll do anything. Anything you want. Anything."

"Will you strip for us? Strip naked?"

"David--"

"Will you?"

"Yes."

"Will you suck us off, Susan?"

"Yes."

"All of us?"

"Yes."

"Say it."

"I--I'll suck you off. All of you. Whip me."

"Will you fuck us?"

"Yes. I'll fuck you. All of you. Whip me."

"Where do you want us to whip you, Susan?"

"Oh please. My--my back."

"And?"

"And my ass."

"And?'

"And--my thighs."

"And?"

"David--"

"Say it."

"My breasts. Whip my breasts. Whip my nipples and my breasts and make me scream.
Jesus do it, whip my body, I'll do anything--"

"Stand up, bitch."

"David, don't--I--"

"Strip. Show us your tits. And your cunt and ass. All of it. Strip down."

"I don't want to."

"But I can make you do it, can't I, Susan?"

"Yes. You can make me do it."

"I can make you do anything, can't I, Susan?"

"Yes, you bastard, you can make me do anything."

"Do you want to suck Irving's cock?"

"No."

"But you will. Won't you?"

"I--yes. I will."

"Tell Irving, Susan. Tell him you're going to suck his dick for him."

"Irving, I--I'm going to suck your dick for you."

"And you're going to suck Nick's dick also. Right, Susan?"

"Yes. I'm going to suck Nick's dick. Nick, I'm going to suck your dick. And I'm
going to suck all your dicks. And I'm going to fuck you. Nick, I'll fuck you.
Irving, I'll fuck you. I don't know anybody else's name, but I'm going to suck
your dicks and fuck you and do anything David says. I want to be whipped. David,
I'm begging you. Whip me till I can't stand it. Please."

"Strip for me, Susan slut."

"All right. All right. I will. I am. I'm stripping naked for you. I'll fuck and
I'll suck and I'll crawl all you want. And you'll whip my body. Hard. So I'll
scream and howl and cry and beg and kick and twist and writhe and squirm and
buck and it's so much damn degradation..."




THE SHRINKING BRA
By V.P. Viddler

"It hurts a lot."

"I know."

"I can't stand it any more."

"You'll have to."

"I can't. It hurts so much."

"I know. That's the point."

"But it's been on so long. It just gets worse and worse."

"That's right. Isn't it lovely?"

"I can't. I can't. I'm going to take it off."

"I wouldn't advise that."

"But I have to."

"If you do, I will put it back, and I will handcuff your wrists to your waist,
and I will lock you up for a full day. And night. Is that what you want?"

"No."

"Then say, I will wear my special shrinking bra as long as I am commanded to."

"Please."

"I'm waiting."

"I will wear my special shrinking bra--"

"Bow your head."

"As long as I am commanded to."

"Beautiful."

"Please. I can't. It's awful--the pain."

"I can see that. Your squirming and writhing tells me that. And your sweet
whimpering also."

"I can't. I can't--let me take it off. I--I'll--"

"What?"

"Anything. Anything."

"Murphy?"

"M-Murphy?"

"Yes, Laura. Murphy."

"Oh god--"

"All right. Wear it all day."

"No! Oh, please, I--I--it's horrible, it's--"

"Murphy. Will you come over here, please? Thank you. Miss Laura has something to
say to you."

"Andy--"

"Do you want to take it off, Laura?"

"Oh yes!"

"All right. You may do so. As soon as you have sucked of Mr. Murphy here."

"Jesus, boss!"

"S-sucked--"

"Right. Sucked. His cock. Off. Until he comes. In your mouth, Laura. Down your
throat."

"Oh Jesus!"

"Ask him, Laura. Ask him nicely. Very nicely. If you may go down on your knees
and minister to Murphy's hungry prick with your lips and mouth and tongue."

"I--"

"I'm waiting."

"Can I--can I take it off first?"

"No. No, my dear. Afterward. If--you do a good job."

"I can't stand the pain."

"I'll say nothing more, Laura. It's up to you. Sweetly now. Sweet and sexy, just
as I know you to be."

"M-Murphy? Mr. Murphy, I--I hope you don't mind this--"

"Jesus!"

"I--I'm in great pain, you see. I hurt quite a lot. And I-- I'll do just about
anything to make it stop. So--dear Mr. Murphy-- do you mind if I--if I suck your
cock for you?"

"Christ!"

"Oh. Thank you, Mr. Murphy. I-I'm getting down on my knees now. Oh, I hurt, I
hurt so badly--I--I'm unbuttoning your pants, oh why no zipper? And I--I'm
taking it out--oh god--it's big-- it's really big--and hard--and--and I hurt so
much! I'm going to take it now--in my--in--my...ggghhh..."

"Nice, Laura. All the way, all the way in, that's the girl."

"Unnggg--"

"Slowly, Laura. Suck it slowly. Easily. Yes. Don't go too fast, my dear. I know
you're in pain. I know you want to get it over with and take that nasty bra
off--but I want Murphy to enjoy what you're doing for him."

"Unnhh--unnhh--"

"Isn't she beautiful, Murphy? Crouching there in her agony, her head bowed, that
long hair brusing the ground, debasing herself so horribly, sacrificing all
pride, all dignity, all humanity, to the overwhelming desire to stop that pain.
Slowly, Laura. Make it last. Slow and easy. Lick it as you suck. Use your lovely
hands on his balls. Your tears delight me, Laura. Your sobs and gasps almost
bring me to climax. All right, Murphy. Shoot it all right into her throat.
Swallow it, my darling. Swallow. Swallow. Again. Again. Again. Ah yes. yes.
Drain that cock. And lick it clean. All of it."

"Ah Ah Ah god please now please I can't please now I can't take it ahhh--"

"All right, Laura. Stand up."

"Please!"

"Ask Murphy if he's satisfied."

"Oh Christ oh Mr. Murphy--dear Mr. Murphy--did I--did I satisfy you? Did I?"

"Shit, yeah!"

"All right, Laura. Take it off."

"Ahh!"

"Right here, my dear, face us, show Mr. Murphy those pain- wracked tits."

"Ah! Ah! Ah!"

"And there they are. Hands down, Laura dear. Down! And I want you to ask Murphy
if he thinks you have nice breasts."

"Andy--"

"Ask him!"

"I--Mr.--dear Mr. Murphy--do you--do you think I have--nice breasts?"

"Hell, yeah!"

"Lie down and spread your legs and ask him if he wants to fuck you."

"No!"

"Put it on."

"No!"

"Put it back on. Right now!"

"I can't!"

"Now!"

"I can't! I can't! Fuck me, Murphy, fuck me, please, Murphy, fuck me to shit,
I'll make it good, I'll wrap my legs around you and hump for you, I'll squirm
and wriggle and roll and twist--"

"Put it on!"

"AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH! Whip me you dirty filthy bastard, whip my
body and fuck my ass and--"

"Crawl for us, Laura. Crawl and writhe in pain. Crawling lady..."




SIBLINGS
By V.P. Viddler

It was almost as though she was on drugs, but he knew that wasn't it.

"Come on in, Sis."

No, it wasn't drugs that put that near-glaze in her eyes, that slack, abandoned
expression on her pretty face, that caused her to breathe rapidly through an
open mouth, those full high tantalizing breasts rising and falling so
provocatively. It wasn't drugs that caused those dark eyes to look at him with
such a tangible mixture of longing and desire and shame and want and fear and
humiliation. It was what was inside her. Coming out at last.

"You want it."

That was all. And Lynn trying to look at him boldly, but failing. Trembling,
almost gasping. "All right. Yes. I want it. Do it."

"Take your clothes off."

God. Lynn. Sister. Take your clothes off and let me look at your body. Naked. A
thing which would have horrified and disgusted you not long ago. Which perhaps
still does. But now--

Lynn's eyes closing. Opening. "All right." Nothing more than a whisper. And
hands trembling as they rose to unbutton the blouse. Now turning away from him.

"No." Flat. Soft.

A beat, a tiny gasp, and Lynn turning back toward him. And unbuttoning the
buttons. Stopping. And he knew there was no bra. Waiting. And Lynn taking the
blouse off. Dropping it. Standing in front of him and panting as he looked at
her breasts.

"That's enough."

"No."

Lynn biting her lip. "You can do it without--"

"No. All of it."

She could go, she could at any time say no and walk out. And not get what she
came for. Standing and swaying and Buck waiting.

"All right." And Lynn unbuttoning her skirt, pushing down her skirt, standing in
pants only.

"Buck--"

"All of it."

A small moan. And pushing the panties down. All the way down past curving thighs
and round knees and molded calves and classic ankles and off.

"Now."

"Soon. Stand there." Putting her through this for his pleasure.

"All right. Now."

And Lynn with a tiny whimper going to the bed, lying on her stomach, stretching
her arms toward the top of the bed, toward the handcuffs.

"Put them on yourself. Tightly."

Lynn did so. Tightly. Holding her wrists in tight circles, pulling her arms
straight and taut, binding her as she was.

"Do it. Buck. Do it. Do it hard."

"Yes." He would. With the strap. Swishing it in the air as Lynn moved in fear
and desire and anticipation.

"Do it!"

"All right, Sis." And Buck raising the strap and swinging it hard and whipping
it down with all his strength and all his lust across the bare white soft smooth
quivering flesh of his sister's gorgeous back.

Lynn screaming her heart out.

Buck did it again.

Lynn screaming again, howling her guts out.

"How is it, Sis?"

"Again." Gasping it, desperately gasping.

Buck did it again, just a bit lower. Watching Lynn's body arch and buck and
twist and writhe and tug at the cuffs, rolling and sweating, as Lynn screamed
herself hoarse.

"Again?"

"Oh--god--I--yes. Yes. Again. Yes. Harder."

And he did. Howling shrieking squalling and thrashing in agony.

"Again, Sis?"

"Oh--I--oh--aggh--arrrgghhh--ah--oh--unnhhh--nnnghhh--yes--
again--yes--yes--yes--"

"Harder?"

"Harder."

Cracking that strap across the middle of her back and her sounds inhuman,
shaking the walls.

"Turn over."

"God!"

"You want to. Don't you?"

"I--no--I--yes--oh no yes no yes--"

"Turn over, Sis."

Moaning, gasping, crying, Lynn turned slowly awkwardly onto her back. Shaking,
sobbing, looking up at him, those breasts pulling up, taut, standing out, tight
stiff nipples.

"Shall I?"

Moaning. Shaking. "Do it. Once. Just once. Hard. So hard. Now." Closing her
eyes.

"No."

"God. You--" Opening her eyes. Watching him raising the strap. Whimpering.
Watching him whipping it down. Cracking across her breasts, slicing mercilessly
into the high round mounds, horrible pain, unbearable agony, his sister,
spasming squirming twisting wildly out of her mind with pain.

"Sis."

"Yes." Panting it, gasping it. "God yes now. Do it." And Lynn now crying and
writhing and opening her legs, spreading her legs apart, stretching her legs
wide for him. "Fuck me. Fuck me, Buck. Fuck your sister. Fuck the shit out of
me. Make me fuck you back. Hurt me. Do it. Do it hard. Do it all. Make me suck
your cock. Make me crawl. Fuck me please now please yes now fuck me hurt me and
fuck me fuck my body and whip me again. Whip me again. Whip me again AAAAA..."

"Fucking you Sis fucking my sister fucking you god it's good Christ it's so good
does it hurt Sis tell me it hurts god I want it to hurt, it's so fucking good
you're so tight I want to fuck that squirmy cunt forever god how do you like it
Sis tell me you hate it tell me."

"Bastard bastard yes fuck me yes you're fucking me fucking your sister and yes
it hurts damn you."

"You like it don't you you want it to hurt right Sis."

"Damn you fucking me it's like rape I can't get loose these damn cuffs hurt."

"I love it with you all helpless this way and I love raping you but it's not
rape because you love it and you want it and I can feel your long gorgeous legs
around me and your gorgeous fucking body squirming under me and damn your sexy
round breasts I want to hold them and crush them and twist them till you
scream."

"Yes do it do it AAAAAUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHH AURRRGGHH!!"

"Squirm you bitch twist you sexy fucking cunt whore sister, you're a dirty
filthy slut whore, you know that?"

"Yes! Yes! I am. I'm a dirty filthy cunt slut whore and I'm fucking you back and
I'm hurting and you're raping the shit out of me."

"I'm going to make you suck my cock, Sis. I'm going to make you go down on your
knees and put your mouth over my prick and suck it for hours and swallow my
fucking come. You hear that?"

"Yes yes make me do that I will I'll do it I'll be your crawling grovelling
cocksucker and you can come all over my face. All over my face and in my hair
and in my eyes and up my nose."

"Say I am your slut cocksucking sister. Say it!"

"I am your slut cocksucking sister..."




SUFFERING STUDENTS
By V.P. Viddler

Part 1
It had taken a long, long time, but I had finally gotten Gloria right in the
palm of my hand.

I had told her I would; I had promised her that night that I would get back at
her, and that it would be the worst thing that would ever happen to her.

Gloria had laughed at me.

Gloria could laugh at anybody. Nobody argued the fact that she was by far the
prettiest girl in school. And by far the sexiest also. And most popular. She was
also the most snobbish, superior-acting stuck-up bitch you could want to know.
Why not. She had this fantastic body and long shining brown hair and flashing
blue eyes and luscious lips and-when she wanted to-a sparkling personality. I
couldn't help loving her and hating her, and wanting her like crazy. But that
night I swore I would have revenge.

And now finally, I had her.

And Gloria knew it.

She didn't let on, but she knew. And she was waiting. But I waited too. I wanted
her to wait, knowing it was coming, knowing it would be horrible, but not
knowing when, or where, or how. And maybe hoping, just hoping it wouldn't
happen.

I let her hope. And worry.

And then I struck.

It was in the school cafeteria, lunchtime, the big, noisy room crowded, jammed
with kids. I was sitting far in the back, watching the door across the room.
Until I saw Gloria come in, with a group of girls, laughing and chatting.
Sweater and skirt. Breasts and legs and smiling. I waited until she was about to
get on line, and then I stood up. And I spoke very loudly, loud enough to be
heard above the din. I said one word.

"Gloria!"

Everything went suddenly silent. Instantly. Absolute quiet.

They knew.

Tension filled the room. No one moved.

Gloria froze.

I waited.

Gloria went pale. She knew. This was it. I had her.

I waited.

Gloria was very pale.

"Gloria," I said again.

Gloria looked at me across the length of the room. I smiled.

Gloria said nothing.

I picked up a dish of rice from my table and I put it down on the floor.

"You won't have to buy lunch today, Gloria," I said. "This is your lunch. I want
you to eat it off the floor, like a dog. And I want you to crawl over here to
get it. I want you to crawl, Gloria. All the way here. On your hands and knees.
Like a dog. Like a bitch. Now, Gloria. Go down on all fours. And crawl. Now."

Heavy, absolute straining silence in the cafeteria. Nobody spoke, nobody moved.
Everybody was watching Gloria. She stood looking at me. A long time. A long,
long time. Nobody moved.

I waited.

"No," Gloria said.

I said nothing.

Gloria stood there. And then a tear fell from her. It rolled down her face. And
slowly, slowly, so slowly, she knelt down on the floor.

A long, soft murmur from the watchers.

I waited.

Gloria bent forward, crouching on all fours. The sound rose.

Gloria sobbed once.

"All right," I said. "Let's make way for Gloria. Clear a path."

And swiftly, boys were moving chairs and tables out of the way, pushing,
pulling, jostling, until they had cleared a straight path from Gloria to me.

"All right, Gloria," I said. "Crawl. Crawl to me."

Kids crouched forward to watch. Guys got up on the tables, stood on chairs,
straining to see.

And Gloria sobbed again.

"Now," I said.

And Gloria began to crawl.

Slowly, with great difficulty, she crawled toward me, crawling between the
gasping, watching kids, who had never imagined Gloria so humbled, degraded,
humiliated. Crawling past boys and girls she had put down again and again.
Crawling with her luscious breasts swaying and her skirt rucking up her thighs.
Crying and sobbing and gasping. Crawling the length of the room, all across the
room, all the way, crawling, crawling, until finally she was at my feet.

Shaking.

I pointed at the dish. "Eat," I said.

And Gloria with a sob lowered her head to the dish and began to eat.

"Good dog," I said. "That's a fine sexy little bitch doggie."

I felt the most fantastic power. I was in command now. Nothing could stop me.
Gloria was my slave, my toy, my plaything. I undid my fly and pulled out my
cock. Everybody gasped. Gloria raised her head, and I said, "Now this, Gloria.
Eat this. And do it good."

Absolute silence.

Gloria caught her breath. She shook her head. I smiled at her.

Gloria moaned piteously. My cock jumped.

"Do it, Gloria," I said. "Take this in your fine soft mouth and lick it with
your little tongue and suck on it with your gorgeous lips. While all these
people watch. Watch you on your knees sucking my prick. And I'll shoot it into
your throat, Gloria, and you will swallow it. Swallow it all. All right,
Gloria?"

And Gloria was crying hard. I waited. Gloria nodded. Kids moaned.

"Now," I said.

And Gloria, shaking, opened her mouth and took my cock inside it.

And she sucked my cock in front of the whole school. Slowly and thoroughly, as I
commanded. And when I came, she swallowed it all. She knelt there and swallowed
and swallowed, again and again, slowly swallowing, and the kids howled as she
did it.

Then I took my cock away and Gloria looked at me, broken and debased, and
waited. Hopelessly. She knew what I would do to her. And I did. I did.

"All right, guys," I said. "Line up. You can all have your turn."

Gloria screamed, and I laughed at her.

"First you'll strip," I said....

 

Part 2
When I told Gloria to strip, the room got quiet again. The tension that had
broken as Gloria had sucked me off had now returned. It got so silent that the
only sound was Gloria's crying. My prick was already hardening again.

"Damn," I said. "Just look at this now. Miss Gloria Sarnoff, miss high and
mighty, miss stuck-up herself. Look at her now. Down on her knees. Crying and
sobbing. Sucking my cock and swallowing my come. Well, well. I told you, didn't
I, Gloria? That night? I told you I would get back at you. Didn't I?"

Gloria nodded jerkily.

"I can't hear you, Gloria," I said.

Gloria gulped. "Y-yes," she whispered.

"Right. And now I have. But it's not over, Gloria. I'm not through with you,
baby. Not by a long shot. You understand?"

"Oh god-"

"Answer my question," I said.

"Yes!" Gloria moaned.

"Okay. Now I told you to strip. All the people here are waiting for that.
Particularly the guys. Lots of the girls too, I bet. So stand up, Gloria. You're
about to show us all just what that pretty body looks like."

"P-please," Gloria said chokingly. "I-I-don't-"

"Up," I said.

Gloria stood up awkwardly. I didn't help. Gloria was trembling badly. I grinned
at her. "I'll tell you what," I said. "I think all our friends should be able to
get a good look at you as you strip down for us. So I'll tell you what you'll
do, Gloria. You'll stand up on this table here."

Gloria gasped involuntarily.

"That's right, Gloria darling. Stand up on this table and give us a nice strip
show. Up you go." And I waited.

Gloria was really shaking now. "Jerry-god, please-I-please-" "Up," I said.

"I-I can't-please-I can't!"

"I'm waiting," I said.

Gloria shuddered. "Jerry," she said desperately. "Jerry, please,

I-I'm sorry, I'm sorry I was-look, I-I'll do anything for you, Jerry, I-I'll do
anything you want me to do, I don't-d-don't make me-"

"It's too late," I said. "It's too late now, Gloria. I'm getting my revenge now.
I like it. I like it a lot. It just thrills me all to shit to have you in my
power this way."

"Oh god-"

"Now that's enough bullshit," I said. "I want you on that table.

Now!"

With a pitiful broken cry that almost made me come, Gloria did what I said.
Awkwardly, with difficulty, she got up on a chair, and from that she climbed up
onto the table top. And stood there, facing us all, panting both from exertion
and from fright. Moaning. Shaking her head as if to shake off the terrible
realization of what was happening to her.

"Okay," I said. "Okay, Gloria. Strip. All the way. Take it off.

Show us that body you love to flaunt so much. We want to see you naked, Gloria.
Bare naked. Your tits and your ass and your cunt. And your thighs and your legs
and your nipples and-shit, what are you waiting for? Do it!"

And Gloria did it.

Stripped in front of us.

It took her a while. Her hands were shaking so hard that she could hardly get
her buttons open. And she kept stopping. But I kept her at it. I watched her
trembling and whimpering and pleading and going red and white and all colors,
and I wouldn't allow her to stop. She was sobbing all the way. But finally she
got it all off. Sweater.

Skirt. Shoes. Stockings. Brassiere. Panties.

And Gloria was naked. That beautiful, fabulous, luscious body was naked for us,
although Gloria was trying vainly to cover it with her hands.

"Put your hands down, Gloria," I commanded. "Down at your sides.

And keep them there. That's it. That's right. Just stand and let us look at
you."

And what a sight it was. What legs! What mouth-watering thighs!

What high, firm, round, bobbling breasts! I could have gazed at it all day, but
I had forgotten the time. The bell rang to signal the finish of lunch, and all
the guys groaned in disappointment.

"Don't worry, fellows," I said. "Gloria will be here tomorrow.

She isn't going anyplace. She can't. We have all year with her. Right, Gloria?"

Gloria nodded, sobbing.

"Okay," I said. "It's not really practical to have Gloria suck us all off in one
day. So here's what we'll do. Listen to this, Gloria.

Every day at lunch hour, we'll have a replay of what you did today. You got
that? Only each day it will be a different guy. We'll draw straws. Or go
alphabetically or something. So each one has his turn. Right, guys?"

A great yell of approval.

"And by the end of term, all of us will have had a chance at you, Gloria.
Doesn't that sound jolly?"

Gloria couldn't stand up any more. She collapsed weakly on the table, crouching
on all fours, head bowed, moaning.

"Each day, Gloria, you'll come to the cafeteria, and the boy of the day will be
waiting. With your lunch. And you'll go down and crawl to him. Across the room,
just like today. And maybe he'll want you to strip first, so you'll do that. And
you'll eat your doggie lunch, and then you'll suck him off, just like you did to
me, and swallow it down. And then, if we still have time-" But the guys were
shouting now, and Gloria was howling, and the bell was ringing again. But nobody
left that room until Gloria was all dressed again.

And as I was about to go out, I took hold of Gloria's hair and twisted her face
to me. "How did you like it, Gloria?" I said. "I told you. Didn't I?"

"Please-" Gloria gasped. "I'll-I'm sorry-don't-"

"It's only beginning," I said. "It's only starting, Gloria, darling. It's going
to get a lot worse. I promise you that." And as Gloria's soft lips twisted with
horror, I pulled her to me and kissed her, shoving my hard prick against her and
kissing her wonderful sobs.

 

Part 3
That was Friday.

On Monday we thought of a refinement on my plan. All the guys wrote their names
on pieces of paper and put them all into a hat. And when Gloria showed up in the
lunchroom, we made her pick the boy of the day out of the hat. Once picked, that
boy was eliminated for the rest of term, but each day Gloria had to pick from
the remainder.

Monday it was Ralph Birnbaum. Gloria didn't want to do it, naturally. She
pleaded frantically with me. She argued, and promised, and begged. And she
cried. And in the end she got down on the floor and crawled across the room to
Ralph and lapped up a bit of food out of the bowl he put down, and then sucked
him off. Just as with me. Sobbing and moaning. Swallowing while all of us
cheered her on.

All the guys clamored for Gloria to strip again, so I told her to do it. On the
table. And then Ralph wanted to fuck her. But I said no.

"I'm saving that," I said. "Wait till Gloria sucks us all off.

All of us. By the end of term she'll have done it. And then. On the last
day-we'll put on a big, glorious gang bang." Gloria gasped with horror. I looked
into her eyes and smiled at her as I said, "That's right. The last day. We'll
take all day. Nobody goes to class. We'll lay Gloria out right on this table,
and four guys can hold her down if necessary. We can switch off on that detail.
We'll spread Gloria out all nice and naked and we'll go at her, all of us, one
after another, all day long. What do you say, guys?"

An enormous shout of joy.

"What do you say, Gloria?" I said, grinning.

Gloria was shaking her head wildly. "No," she whimpered.

"Yes," I said. "Now get your clothes on, Gloria. And don't forget to come back
tomorrow." The guys loved to watch Gloria get dressed again after stripping for
us. It was a different kind of humiliation.

That was Monday. On Tuesday the boy was Jim Farnsworth. Wednesday it was Harry
Madonna. Thursday was Alan Jamison, and Friday I forget who it was. And each day
Gloria crawled, and did her doggie thing, and sucked and swallowed, and stripped
down.

But Friday afternoon I was approached by Joanna Pratt, a round, jiggly little
thing with long auburn hair and a soft, inviting mouth. Who said, "Look, it
isn't fair that just the guys get to do this thing with Gloria. How about some
of us girls getting in on it?"

"Christ," I said. "Don't tell me you're a dyke, Joanna."

"No," Joanna said. "I'm a lesbian."

"Shit," I said.

"And I want my turn with that stuck-up bitch."

"What," I said. "You mean you want Gloria to suck your pussy?

Right in front of the whole school?"

"That's right. I'd love it," Joanna said.

"Well, sorry, Joanna," I said. "But this is for men only."

"Why?"

"I don't know," I said. "It's just-"

"It's bullshit," Joanna said.

"Fuck you," I said. "Now that's a good idea. How about you and me, Joanna?
You're much too cute and sexy-looking to throw that body away on girls."

"Go to hell," Joanna said.

"I'll tell you what," I said. "I'll do a deal with you. You fuck for me, I'll
give you a turn with Gloria. Isn't that fair?"

"No way, you bastard!" Joanna said.

"Too bad," I said.

"I'd really love to watch that arrogant bitch crawl for me," she said. "I'd
certainly dig having Gloria the grand sucking my cunt.

Tonguing my clitoris till I-shit."

"One good fuck," I said.

"I don't go for guys," Joanna said.

"I love it," I said.

"I know, you son of a bitch." She bit her lip. "Okay," she said at last. "Come
to my house tonight."

"No, baby," I said. "This is going to be in public. In the cafeteria. Tit for
tat, you know. Or something."

"You are out of your mind!" Joanna gasped. "No way in this world will I do
that!"

"Okay," I said.

But that night I talked to Alma Osting, who was a pal of mine and also the
biggest, baddest dyke in school. I had to promise to give any girl who wanted it
a turn with Gloria, but it was worth it.

Because that Monday I was able to offer a little side show. After Gloria did her
thing, the guys saw a reluctant but very docile Joanna take off all her clothes,
and climb onto a table, and fuck me for all she was worth.

Alma had really gotten through to her, and though poor Joanna hated every minute
of it, she put all of herself into it, doing anything I told her, wrapping that
luscious, firm body around me and moving it with real passion, rolling and
squirming and twisting and bucking and writhing and arching and tossing until I
was out of my skull with it. And I kissed her as I shot into her jouncing cunt
and then I had her clean me off with her mouth. And everybody watched.

Joanna did not cry. Until I was finished and told the guys they could do what
they wanted with her until lunchtime was over. Then Joanna cried, and she
continued to cry all the time she was being fucked by as many boys as could get
to her until the bell rang.

"Joanna," I said when I was alone with her, "I want your ass now."

"No," Joanna said softly. "Please."

"I'll call Alma," I said.

"No!"

"Bend over."

And she did.

I said, "Just think of how you're doing this for all your sisters." I jammed my
prick into her ass and Joanna howled. "What a good cause," I said, fucking that
tight ass as Joanna pounded her fists on the table in pain. "All those dykes. On
god you are so tight and young and round and soft and I'm coming up your ass.
Howl for me, Joanna."

"BASTARD I HATE YOU JESUS AH AUUUGGGGH."

 

Part 4
Henry's hobby was hurting Holly.

That's how he put it to me. He brought Holly to me that morning.

I had noticed her in class, but hadn't met her. Holly was just about beautiful
and most striking of figure. And with very black curly hair bouncing at her
shoulders. Henry said, "This is Holly. I think you should know her."

"Hello, Holly," I said.

"Don't," Holly said.

"Don't what?" I said.

Henry said, "She means don't hurt her. I hurt her, you see. I hurt Holly. A lot.
It's my hobby. Henry's hobby is hurting Holly."

"You don't say," I said.

"Holly hates it," Henry said. "It's horrible for Holly."

Henry was quite a wag. I didn't like him much. But I did like Holly, all right.
I particularly liked the pain and fright and despair in her eyes. "Why does
Holly let you hurt her?" I said.

"Holly has no choice," Henry said. "It's hopeless for Holly.

Hopeless, helpless Holly. Ho ho."

"Cut the shit," I said.

"Don't say that," Henry said. "I thought you might like to help me hurt Holly."

"I would," I said, and I couldn't stop myself from saying, "I'd love to hear
Holly howl."

"She howls like hell," Henry said. "You'll have her hopping."

"What about humping?" I said.

"That too," Henry said. "Holly humps like hell when she howls.

Holly humps like a whore."

"Damn," I said. "Cut it out. I want to know what you do to her.

And without the alliteration, okay?"

"Lots of ways," Henry said. "All kinds of ways. Why don't I show you one."

"Now?" I said.

"Right now," Henry said. "If you think you can take it."

"Do it," I said.

"No," Holly said. "No, don't. Not-no. Please. Please."

"Holly's scared," Henry said.

"It's nice," I said.

"Her nipples will be all hard and tight now," Henry said. "Hard with fright.
Want to feel them?"

"No," Holly said.

"God, yes," I said.

"Do it," Henry said.

"No," Holly said.

"Stay still, Holly," Henry said.

I put my hands on her breasts and fingered the nipples. They were hard and tight
all right. Holly bit at her lip.

"She's not wearing a bra," I said.

"I don't want her to," Henry said. "Want to see her tits?"

"I do," I said. "But I want to watch you hurt her first."

"Okay."

"No," Holly said. "Please, no."

"Against the wall, Holly," Henry said.

"Please," Holly said.

"Holly," Henry said. "I can give you twice your quota tonight.

Twice the usual whipping. And twice as much of the little pinchers.

And as for the cigarettes-"

"No!" Holly said.

My cock was hard.

"Against the wall," Henry said.

Holly stood against the wall, her back to it. Harry lit a cigarette. Holly began
to whimper.

"Hands down," Henry said. "Against the wall. Stand still now."

"Please," Holly said.

"Lift her skirt," Henry said.

"With pleasure," I said. I did so. Holly had fabulous legs.

"Higher," Henry said. Holly was shaking. I pulled the skirt up over her thighs.
Higher. I found that Holly wasn't wearing anything under it.

"You make her go around like this?" I said.

Henry grinned. "Holly the whore," he said. He came forward with his cigarette.
Holly was whining wordlessly.

"Spread your legs, Holly," he said.

"Please, god, please," Holly said.

"Holly," Henry said. "I can do this once. Just to show Jerry. Or I can do it six
times. Okay?"

Holly spread her legs.

"That's a good girl," Henry said.

"She'll scream," I said. "She'll have the whole school on us."

"No she won't," Henry said. "Will you, Holly? You know what I'll do to you if
you make any noise. So hold it in, okay, Holly?"

Holly swallowed, and nodded swiftly.

"Okay," Henry said. "Watch this." And, grinning into Holly's twisted face, he
ground his cigarette out on her thigh. High up on her thigh. On the inside.
Slowly. Very slowly. Ground it out.

Holly was a sight to see. Her body went all stiff and rigid, and tears shot from
her eyes, and her mouth opened wide to howl, but she choked it back, and only
weird strangling sounds came out, choking sounds of agony and horror. Her lips
twisted with it, and her body writhed, slamming against the wall.

Henry moved back. We watched the sight of a girl in pain. My cock was bursting.

"I want to kiss her," I said.

"Do it," Henry said.

I grabbed her and kissed her, hard, and Holly moaned and panted and gasped into
my mouth, and I jammed her hard against me and kept kissing her writhing lips.
Holly's breasts rolled on my chest and I could feel her hips twisting against me
and I pulled her skirt up and ripped down my zipper, pulled out my cock and
thrust it up between Holly's widespread thighs. Right into her pussy. Holly
yelped into my mouth.

"Good!" Henry said happily. "Fuck him, Holly. Fuck him good, Holly whore."

I didn't let Holly's mouth get away from mine, but raped it with my tongue as I
ravished her cunt with my prick. Holly was crying, but not pulling away. I was
banging her against the wall, but Henry was shouting for me to turn her around.
Finally I understood what he wanted to do, and I turned both of us so I was
against the wall and Holly had her back to Henry as I still continued fucking
and kissing her.

Henry had his belt off. "You'll love this," Henry said. And he drew back that
strap and whipped Holly as hard as he could across the ass. Holly howled into my
mouth and squirmed wildly against me.

"Christ!" I gasped against Holly's lips. "Do that again!"

"Nn-nnn-nngghhh-" Holly said.

Henry did it again, but higher. And again. And again and again, across Holly's
back and ass and waist, up and down while I fucked that twisting body and she
yelled and I came.

 

Part 5
"Now," I said. "Now I want to see her tits. Now."

"Show him, Holly," Henry said.

Holly was still up against me, choking back sobs. My cock was still inside her.
I grabbed her hair and pulled back till her upper body was in my vision. Holly
squalled.

"Shut up," I said. "Show me your tits, Holly."

With shaking hands, Holly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it apart.

"Oh, my sweet Christ!" I said. What breasts this girl had! "I can't stand it," I
said. "I want to do something to these fine round sexy things."

"Go ahead," Henry said, holding out his cigarette to me.

"No!" Holly said frantically. "Oh no, please no, please, I can't, I god please
no Jesus don't please I'll do anything if you won't please for god's sake-"

"Oh, that's just marvellous," I said. "Beg some more, Holly." And I took the
burning cigarette from Henry.

"I'm begging, please," Holly panted. "Anything you want, I swear, I'll do
anything, just tell me what you please don't oh god oh god oh oh oh-" Holly was
shaking and twisting and she was making me hard again inside her.

"Hold her hands," I said.

And Henry got hold of Holly's wrists and pulled them in back of her, arching her
back away from me, her tits jutting forward. I let go of her hair. With that
hand I felt her breasts. Holly twisted, but Henry was holding her wrists
tightly, pulling her upper body backward. It was straining tautly, helpless. And
her hips still mashed against mine, her thighs splayed wide, and all movement of
that body made her cunt squirm around my cock. I ran my hand around both
breasts, cupping and holding and squeezing. The cute pink nipples were hard with
fright. I flicked at one and then I pinched it hard. Holly almost shouted with
pain, but managed to stifle it into a groan.

"Oh shit," I said. I was panting with lust and happiness. "I am going to burn
these gorgeous things all to hell." And I brought up the cigarette.

Holly was babbling and then she started to make awful frightened animal noises.
"She'll scream," Henry said warningly. "Stuff something in her mouth."

I took out my handkerchief. "This will do," I said. "It's big.

It's also dirty. Snot all over it. Open your mouth, Holly." But Holly just made
animal sounds. So I pinched a nipple and stuck my nails into it and twisted it,
and Holly's mouth went wide open and I stuffed my filthy bandana right in.
"Don't push it out, Holly," I said, jamming it all into her mouth. Holly's
sounds were muffled now.

"Okay," I said. "Hold her."

Holly was shaking her head hard, twisting and making pleading noises into the
gag. Henry tugged at her wrists, pulling that body back into a tight, straining
arch, making Holly's luscious breasts thrust out toward me like sacrificial
offerings.

"Holly," I said. "I love this. I just love doing this to you."

And I put the lit cigarette out slowly, on Holly's right nipple.

Holly howled into the gag, but it didn't do anything to help. Her body squirmed
and spasmed, and her twisting, writhing hips almost made me shoot again into her
cunt.

Henry lit me another cigarette.

Holly made hoarse, terror-filled noises into my handkerchief, gasping and
choking on her sobs. "Again, Holly," I said, and I kissed her other nipple with
the glowing tip.

Holly was going crazy with pain. "God, it's so nice," I said. "So damn sweet."
And I kissed her tit again with fire. I did it again and again, watching Holly
in pain, going out of her mind, jerking and thrashing her helpless body against
me until I spurted up into her again.

But I still didn't want to stop. For variety I put out a couple on Holly's
smooth splayed thighs, but soon came back to her tits. Blistering them with my
hot little kisses, going hard yet again in Holly's pussy.

"Want me to stop, Holly?" I said.

Holly jerked her head up and down swiftly.

"You do, huh," I said. "What will you do for me, Holly? If I stop. What?"

Holly tried to talk through the gag, tried frantically to promise me anything I
wanted.

"I want your mouth, Holly," I said. "I want it around my cock. I want you to
suck my prick and lick it and kiss it and take it all the way in, all the way
into that fine mouth, Holly, and I want you to suck it until I shoot my gism
down your throat, and I want you to swallow it, Holly, swallow all of it, and
then clean my dick off with your lips and tongue. Will you do that, Holly?"

And Holly nodded swiftly.

"Of course you will," I said. "I'm going to take the gag out now, Holly. All
right?"

Holly nodded again and I took away the rag. Holly gasped for air.

I pulled my prick out of her. "Are you hurting, Holly baby?" I said. "Are you in
pain?"

Holly nodded.

"Holly hurts," Henry said. "Holly hurts from heat. Holly hates it. Henry loves
it."

"Jerry loves it too," I said. "Go down, Holly. On your knees. Right now."

Holly sank to the floor. She knelt in front of me.

"Kiss it," I said, and Holly bowed her head and I felt her lips on my prick.
"Lick it," I said. I caught my breath at the caress of that tongue. "In your
mouth, Holly," I commanded. Holly was an obedient if unwilling pupil. She took
my cock deep into her mouth and sucked on it like a lollipop.

"Henry," I said. "If you whipped Holly as she was sucking me, do you think she
would bite my prick?"

Holly made a terrified sound around my cock.

"If she did," Henry said, "I would take her home and I would hang her up by her
hair, and I would build a slow fire under her and watch her roast. Gradually.
For hours and hours. I'd lash her wrists behind her back, but I'd let her legs
free, so I could watch Holly's sexy curvy legs kick and thrash and struggle as
that fire got hotter and hotter. And I would also-"

Holly was crying hard and moaning as she sucked steadily on.

"Okay," I said. "I don't think Holly will bite. Whip her."

"I like your style," Henry said, and with his belt he whipped Holly's back and I
shot into her screaming.

"By her hair?" I said.

"I don't actually hang her by her hair," Henry said. "Not yet, anyway. That
might rip her scalp off. But almost. I do have this hair clamp that holds a
girl's hair firmly and will support any weight. What I do is fasten Holly's hair
to it, and tie her hands in back of her just as I said; but I don't hang her off
the floor. I put her just low enough to allow her to support herself if she
stands on her toes."

"My god!" I said admiringly. "What a terrific idea! That way she has to stay up
on her toes to avoid actually hanging by her hair. And soon her toes get tired
and can't hold her any more-"

"Right," Henry said. "And then it's a continuing struggle between two kinds of
pain. After a time it gets impossible for Holly to stand it in either position.
That's when it really starts being fun. Fun to watch."

"I'll just bet it is," I said.

"God, I sit and watch her for hours," Henry said. "I sit right in front of her
and gloat at her suffering. As Holly grunts and groans and sobs with the effort
of staying up on her toes; as she howls and squalls when her exhausted toes give
way and that quivering, sweating, spasming body is forced to dangle from her
hair. I sit and listen to her crying and gasping and whimpering and shrieking.
And I listen with joy as she begs me, literally begs me to let her down. How she
begs! Promising me unimaginable delights if only I will have pity. Thinking up
the most humiliating, horrifying, degrading things that she will do for me if I
will just put an end to that horrible torture. I could sit there all night like
that, watching and listening as Holly hurts worse and worse. Sometimes I do."

"And I suppose you whip her while this is going on," I said.

"Occasionally," Henry said. "Or amuse myself with other instruments on that
pain-wracked body. And of course I fuck her. That's always good, because Holly
is so anxious to alleviate the agony in her scalp that she will wrap those
fantastic legs around me as tightly as she can, so she can lift herself by means
of my body. Clamping those legs so hard, clutching with her soft thighs,
squirming against my torso as she hauls herself upward as much as possible. It
makes for a wild fuck."

"Christ," I said. "I want that!"

"Why not?" Henry said. "Take Holly home. A little gift from a pal."

"Thanks," I said. "You want Joanna in exchange?"

"What will Joanna say?" Henry said.

"She'll shit a brick," I said.

"Good," Henry said. "I'll take the bitch. What about Gloria?"

"Gloria," I said, "is a special project. I want Gloria to perform in public
until I say so. Okay?"

"I love it," Henry said.

"Speaking of public," I said, "why didn't you bring Holly out?"

"Wanted her to myself," Henry said. "But now, if you want to-" "Now," I said.
"Class is breaking up."

Holly was still on the floor, with her skirt all awry and her blouse gaping open
over her half-bared breasts. "Stay like that, Holly," I said as Holly started to
get up. "Stay right there on the floor. No, don't button your blouse, Holly. It
looks good. Don't do anything. Nothing at all. Just stay as you are."

"Please," Holly said.

"Shut up, Holly," I said.

"Ho ho," Henry said. "Holly's going to be humiliated. How humbling for Holly.
Hordes of happy high-schoolers will howl as Holly huddles helplessly. How
hilarious. How-"

"Christ, Henry, cut it out!" I said.

"Hokay," Henry said.

"Now, Holly," I said. "You're going to stay down there and not move, okay?"

"God-" Holly said. "Oh, please-don't do this to me-I can't-"

"Sure you can, Holly," I said. "Now, if anybody asks you what you are doing down
on the floor on your knees, with your gorgeous body showing, you will say, 'I am
nothing but a piece of shit and I love to suck cock.' You got that, Holly?"

"I-I can't-" Holly said.

"Holly," I said. "I'm going to take you with me tonight, you know that. And if
you think Henry could hurt you, you ain't seen nothing yet. I'm serious, Holly.
Okay? Now what is it you're going to say to anybody who asks you why you are in
that degrading position? Say it, Holly."

"I-I-please-I-"

"Say it!" I commanded. "Or by god I'll strip you naked and make you crawl
through the halls that way. Is that what you want, Holly?"

Holly was sobbing uncontrollably. She shook her head wildly.

"Okay," I said. "Say it."

"I-I-I am-I am a-a piece-"

"I am nothing but a piece-" I said.

"I-oh-I am n-n-nothing but a-a piece-of-"

"Shit," I said.

"Sh-shit," Holly said.

"And-" I said.

"And-and-I-I love to-to s-suck cock-oh-Jesus-- please-"

And the bell rang for change of classes and six hundred students poured out into
the halls. The sight of a half-naked Holly on her knees on the floor, sobbing
and shaking, was enough to gather a large staring crowd in about four seconds.

"Christ!" a boy said. "What the hell is going on here anyway?"

"Tell him, Holly," I said.

Holly moaned, trying to cover her breasts with her hands as all those gaping
kids looked at her. I didn't bother to stop her; her fright and debasement and
shame was sexier than nudity.

"Holly," I said again. "Tell him."

Holly gulped. "I-" she got out and choked. "I-I-"

"Go on," I said with warning.

Holly sobbed pathetically as she said it. "I-I am a-a p-piece
of-sh-shit-and-and-and I-I l-love t-to-to-to s-s-suck cock!"

"That's right," I said into a dumfounded quiet. "That's our Holly. Okay, kids,
this show is over now. Holly has to go home so I can hurt her. And fuck her. And
do anything I want to her. Isn't that right, Holly?"

And Holly said, "Y-yes-" And the kids drooled.

"Don't forget the cafeteria tomorrow," I said. "Gloria will be back." They all
cheered.

Henry said, "Bring me Joanna."

Joanna was brought, and when I told her she was going with Henry, she started to
cry.

"Cry all you want, darling," Henry said. "I like it. Let's go, Joanna. Jolly
Joanna. I'm going to jump on Joanna. And jounce Joanna and jam my gism-"

"Shit," I said. "Okay, Holly. Crawl."

By Friday I was worn out from fucking Holly.

I had brought her home and had pulled off her clothes and tied her down
spread-eagled on my bod, and as I looked at that outstretched, tautly straining
curvy white body I got an instant hard-on. I fell on top of that girl and stuck
my prick inside her and just fucked and fucked with all I was worth. I came hard
and I started to fuck her again right away.

After that I couldn't stop fucking her. I was obsessed with her body. I couldn't
get enough of it. I fucked her for hours, and Holly would moan and cry and it
would only add to my lust. That body. Spread out. Struggling. Those gorgeous
round tits rolling and bobbling and heaving. Those fabulous legs stretched far
apart, straining, rippling, tugging vainly at the tight bonds. Those inviting,
sensuous thighs. The arching, writhing hips. That soft stomach and that black
patch of pubic hair. And her crying face. Long dark tangled hair falling across
her shoulders. The squirming and twisting. The helplessness. The vulnerability.
The nakedness. Holly. And I had to fuck it, fuck it all, over and over, again
and again and again.

I couldn't stop. I couldn't let her up. I kept her that way.

Holly pleaded with me. I couldn't allow her to be free. I watched for hours as
the strain and pain and hopelessness ate into her body and her brain. Watched
her sobbing and suffering. Until I had to fuck it again. And I kept Holly that
way. For days. Feeding her by holding bits of food above her mouth with my
fingers and making her snap it from my hand with her mouth. Pouring water into
her gaping, gasping, gulping mouth. And when Holly had to go to the bathroom,
when she couldn't hold it in any more and begged with all her might to go, I put
a bedpan under her and made her do it that way. Watching as Holly did it in
spite of herself, watching avidly the horror and shame and hatred on her face as
she did it in front of me. Still spread wide on my bed. And I fucked her again.

And sometimes I sat on her breasts and twisted her hair as I slid my cock all
the way into that twisting mouth, and I told her to suck it, suck it nice, suck
it slow. So slow. And lick it too. And Holly would sob and gasp as she did it.
Sucking. Slowly. Up and down, back and forth. Licking my prick all the while.
"Good girl," I would say. "Holly," I would say. "That's so good. Don't stop,
Holly. Do it more. That's my good little cocksucking Holly. I'm going to keep
you this way always, Holly. I'm going to keep you spread-eagled across my bed
for about four years. I could make you do this until I die, Holly. And fuck you
even after I die. But if I get tired of you I can always just call up some pals
and ask them over and you can do this for them. And they'll fuck you too, Holly.
And now I'm going to come, Holly baby. I'm going to shoot right into your soft
sucking warm little mouth, and it's going right down your throat, and I want you
to swallow it, Holly, swallow it all as if it's a delicious drink of champagne.
Now, Holly. Now and now and NOW!" And Holly would swallow. All of it. Swallowing
and choking and gagging and swallowing again. And she would cry. I would watch
her sobbing until I was hard again and then I would fall on top of that
straining body and fuck the crap out of her.

I was so hot all the time that I didn't even have to hurt her. I thought about
whipping her and burning her tits and doing all kinds of things to that
quivering flesh, and I told Holly all about them just to watch her fright and
terror, but I was so mad for that tied-down body that I didn't actually do
anything to it. Nothing, that is, until Henry paid me a visit.

"Hi," Henry said. "How's Holly. Have you hurt Holly? I hope you've hurt Holly
horribly. How have you hurt her? Hmmm?"

"Shut the fuck up," I said. "Look." And I took him to my room.

"Is that all?" Henry said.

"Damn it," I said. "Can't you see how damn erotic that is?"

"No," Henry said. "I want to hurt her."

Holly said, "No, no, oh no, don't, Jerry don't let him, please don't let him do
it, no, for god's sake, no, please, don't, oh no oh no oh god no oh-"

"Why don't you just fuck her?" I said. "Look how damn sexy Holly is that way."

"I know," Henry said. "Think how sexy it'll be to have Holly howling her head
off."

"No!" Holly said.

I almost said no also. But I didn't. I said, "Okay. Do what you want."

Henry pulled out a pair of pliers.

And Holly arched off the bed, pulling frantically at the tight ropes, yelling.
"No! No! No no no don't god no don't let him I can't don't let please-" And then
Holly said: "AAAUUUUURRRGGGHHH AUGH DODODODONNNAEAIAIEARAAAGGGHH
AAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIEEEE. DON'T HAH! DON'T HAUH! DON'T HOOOORRR! NAAAANNNAUAUNNOOOOO
HOHAH HOHAHH IIIIIII ARRRRK AUGGHH HUNH HUNH HUNH HUNNNHHHH AAAUUUUGGHH!
PLEEEEEEEE FUCK ME PLEASE DON'T FUCK ME OH GOD I CAN'T PLEAAAAAAAAIIII Don't
I'll fuck you don't I'll suck you don't I'll fuck anybody don't DON'T
DOOOOONNNNNNN NO I'LL DO ANYTHING NO I'LL CRAWL NOO I'LL CRAWL I'LL SUCK YOUR
COCK I'll I'll I'll HAAAUUUUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHHHH-"

"Isn't that nice?" Henry said.

"It is," I said. "Do you want to fuck her?"

"I don't know," Henry said.

"I do," I said. And I did. I fucked Holly as she yelled and howled and thrashed
and bucked and I fucked and fucked.

But I hadn't forgotten about Gloria. I was still making her do her thing each
day in the cafeteria, and the list of guys who hadn't had their cocks in
Gloria's mouth was rapidly diminishing. By now even some of the instructors had
found out about it, but nobody did anything. This girl had been the most
haughty, stuck-up, snobbish girl in school, as well as the most good-looking,
and now the sight or the thought of her crawling in front of us all, and having
to suck cock and eat like a dog and strip naked every day was gratifying as
hell. And the thought of the final grand orgy that I promised to put Gloria
through kept all our cocks hard almost perpetually.

But one day Gloria paid me a visit.

"Please," she said. "I want to talk to you."

"Oh?" I said. "What about?"

"About-oh-"

I saw Gloria was going to try to get out of her daily task. I grinned at her. "I
don't think I have anything to talk to you about."

"Oh, please," Gloria said. "Please. I-I have to-just let me say what I-I-"

"I'll tell you what, Gloria," I said. "If I'm going to talk to you, I want
something interesting to look at. So I won't be bored, okay?"

"What-what do you mean?" Gloria said.

"I mean your body," I said.

"Oh, god," Gloria said. "Please don't-"

"That's it, Gloria," I said. "If you want to talk, you have to strip first.
Strip naked."

"Oh-you-oh god-you-"

"I know," I said. "But that's how it is, Gloria. Now strip or go away. Now."

"Oh-damn you!" Gloria said. "I hate you."

I just waited.

And Gloria stripped. All the way.

I waited till she was naked, and I said, "Okay. That's good. So talk."

"I-please," Gloria said. "I-I want to-I can't go on-doing-doing what-every day-I
can't, I just-please, Jerry, god, please, let me stop. Please."

"Why should I?" I said. "I like having you do that. So do all the other guys.
And girls too. So I think you'll just go right on doing it. Is that all?"

"Oh my god," Gloria said. "Why are you-I mean, god, you've gotten back at me,
god knows you've had your revenge now, you got back at me good, I-I'm really
sorry for what I did to you, and-and if-if you-"

"If I what, Gloria?" I said.

"I-I mean-if you want me to-to be-to do-anything-I-I'll-I mean I'll be-I'll be
good for you-and do-do anything you say and-if only-if I can-"

"I think what you're trying to say, Gloria," I said, "is that if I let you stop
sucking cocks in the cafeterial in front of the whole school, that you'll be so
grateful that you'll give me anything I want. Right, Gloria? Including your
gorgeous young body, which you previously thought was too good for somebody like
me to so much as touch with a fingertip. Is that right, Gloria? I can touch it
now, can't I, Gloria? I can fuck it now, can't I? I can fuck it any way I want
to, any time, any place, in any hole I like. Isn't that right? I can fuck your
ass, and I can come all over your face, and I can stick my prick into your mouth
and fuck that. Right, Gloria? Isn't that what you're saying to me? And I can
make you crawl for me, and do whatever I want with you, and I can even piss on
you if that's what I want. If only I'll say you can stop. If only I won't make
you degrade yourself in public every day. If only I won't put on that big gang
bang in your honor. Isn't that it, Gloria? Isn't that right? Isn't that what you
want to say? Isn't it?"

"Yes!" Gloria cried. She was sobbing. "Yes, damn you, yes, oh god oh Jesus oh-"

"I've broken you, haven't I, Gloria?" I said. "I've broken you. Haven't I?"

"Oh-oh-yes-oh ah-ahah-ahahh-yes-yes-oh please please yes anything please yes I'm
broken I'm sorry I'm sorry do it to me do what you want to me do it only for
god's sake have pity-"

"No," I said. And Gloria fainted.

By the time she woke up I was naked.

"Don't get up," I said. "Stay right there, Gloria. This is it.

Now."

"Please," Gloria whispered.

"No," I said. "You'll go on doing it, Gloria. Every damn day. All of it.
Crawling. And licking the floor. And sucking cock. And stripping."

Gloria was crying hard.

"And at the last day of school you'll fuck every boy in the place," I said. "But
now it's me, Gloria. It's my turn first. I want you. I always did. I said I
would get you. And now I will. I'm going to fuck you all to hell, Gloria. And
I'm going to do all those things I said. All of them. And that's only the
beginning. You beautiful sexy naked luscious bouncing young cocksucking slut of
a whore cunt."

"I hate you!" Gloria gasped out. "God, I hate you, you bastard, you filthy
bastard, you make me sick, I hate you, Christ, I want to throw up on you, I-"

"Gloria," I said. And Gloria got all white in an instant. She started to shake.

"I'm sorry," Gloria whimpered. "I-I'm s-sorry, I-I didn't I-I'm-oh no, I'm so
sorry, J-Jerry-I-I'm-please-"

"Gloria," I said. "Tell me what I'm going to do to you. I want you to tell me
all about it. In detail. You understand, Gloria?"

Gloria nodded, shaking.

"Go ahead," I said.

"I-you-you're-you're going to-f-fuck me," Gloria said.

"Go on," I said.

"I-I-you're going to-fuck me-in the ass-"

"And?" I said.

"And-and in my mouth. And-and my-my cunt-"

"Don't stop," I said. "Say it all, Gloria. Say it all, all of it, and if you say
it all I'll forget about those nasty things you said about me. Go on."

"I-I'm-you-you're going to-to make me crawl," Gloria said, crying as she spoke.
"And-and come in my face, and-and-and-p-piss on me and-and any time and any
place and-and you-you'll put your-your prick-in my mouth-and I'll suck
it-and-and I'll still-I'll-still-in the cafeteria-I'll-"

"What, Gloria?" I said, putting my hand on her jutting breast.

"I-I'll still-I'll crawl-and-and lick the dish and god-and s-suck cock-and-and
strip. And strip. And-"

"I'm fucking you, Gloria," I said, and I did!

 

Part 6
"Don't do this to me," Joanna said.

"Do you like her?" I said to Mr. Bing.

"I do," Mr. Bing said. "I certainly do. She is delicious."

"Don't," Joanna said. "Please."

"Joanna," I said, "I think you are only inflaming Mr. Bing further with your
begging."

"I do enjoy it, I must admit," Mr. Bing said. "Having such a luscious young girl
sitting across from me, knowing I am going to possess her, watching her fright,
her growing panic, her hopeless but so entertaining pleas for escape-nothing can
be quite as arousingly stimulating. I don't mind the young lady's protests a
bit."

"Oh god," Joanna said. "Oh my god."

Joanna and Mr. Bing and I were sitting at a small, unobtrusive table in a fancy
Italian restaurant. Mr. Bing was paying. For all of it. Including Joanna. I was
farming her out to him. My reputation was getting around.

Of course, when I had told Joanna that she was to be sold to a paying customer
for a night of fun (for him) Joanna was not too happy about it. Alma had to talk
to her to persuade her to do it. Alma talked to Joanna all night long. I
watched. I also participated. By morning Joanna was willing. Still not happy-and
not walking too well-but most docile.

"What an erotic-looking young girl it is," Mr. Bing said.

"I know," I said. "Do you want to see her naked?"

"No," Joanna said.

"I am sure I will," Mr. Bing said.

"I know," I said. "But I can give you a preview. Can't we, Joanna?"

"No!" Joanna said.

"Right here?" Mr. Bing said.

"That too, if you want," I said. "Joanna will open her blouse for you. Won't
you, Joanna?"

"Oh Jesus," Joanna said.

"You have her well trained," Mr. Bing said. "Is she always this docile?"

"She has to be," I said. "Watch this. Look at me, Joanna."

Joanna turned toward me and I took a long puff at my cigarette, and then I blew
the smoke out slowly and deliberately, right into Joanna's face. Joanna didn't
move. Tears came to her eyes, but she didn't turn away. I blew out the last of
the smoke and grinned at her.

"Wonderful," Mr. Bing said. "So if I should ask this young lady to show us her
firm, round breasts-"

"She would," I said. "Isn't that right, Joanna?"

"I-I-oh, I-"

"Isn't it?" I said.

"Yes. Oh."

"All right," I said. "But that's not really what I meant by a preview."

"Oh?" Mr. Bing said.

"No," I said. "I thought perhaps you might like to look at a picture."

"No," Joanna said.

"A picture?" Mr. Bing said.

"A photograph," I said. "A photograph of Joanna. Naked."

"No," Joanna said.

"Naked?" Mr. Bing said.

"Naked," I said. "Naked and on her knees. On her knees with a cock in her mouth.
Sucking cock. It's a good photograph. I took it.

And Joanna has it. In her purse. Don't you, Joanna?"

"Don't," Joanna said. "Please don't."

"Would you like to see it, Mr. Bing?" I said.

"I most certainly would," Mr. Bing said.

"Joanna," I said. "Show it to him."

"No," Joanna said. "I-I don't-I can't-please-I-"

"Show it to him," I said.

Joanna was crying. "I don't want to-I-I can't-I-"

"Show it to him," I said.

Joanna was sobbing. She unclasped her purse with shaking hands.

She took out the photograph and passed it to Mr. Bing.

"Stop crying," I said. "Nice, isn't it?"

Mr. Bing looked at the photograph for a long time. "It's extraordinary," he
said. "Look at me, Joanna."

Joanna slowly raised her head, tears still flowing.

"You have a most exciting body," Mr. Bing said. "And a talented mouth, also. Are
your breasts truly as firm as that?"

"Want to see them now?" I said.

"No," Mr. Bing said. "I would like to touch them."

"Go ahead," I said.

"Oh god," Joanna said.

"Sit still, Joanna," I said. "Just sit still."

And Joanna sat still, as Mr. Bing reached out and put his hand on her round
young breast. "Ah," Mr. Bing said. "Ah yes. Firm. Young and firm and springy. So
fine. And this delightful, frightened young girl is not wearing a brassiere."

"I know," I said. "I told her not to if she valued her skin. She's not wearing
panties either."

"How enchanting," Mr. Bing said, still playing with Joanna's breasts. "Such
taut, hard nipples! Hard with fright, I assume." He put his hand down. "And no
underpants? I say! Joanna, dear, the manner in which you are sitting will allow
you to place your leg in my lap. Please do so."

"I-oh-" Joanna said.

"Do not worry," Mr. Bing said. "This cloth will hide our activities from any
prying glances. Put your leg up on my lap."

"Do it, Joanna," I said.

Joanna swallowed. And did it.

"Good," Mr. Bing said.

Joanna gasped and clenched her fists on the table.

"Tell me what you're doing," I said to Mr. Bing.

"I'm touching Joanna's lovely, exquisite leg," Mr. Bing said.

"I'm running my hand over this soft curving flesh. I'm sliding it up and down,
all over her beautiful calf, and thigh. Inside her thigh. And up-"

"Don't!" Joanna said tightly.

"That sounds like fun," I said. "Put your other leg up on my lap, Joanna."

"Oh please-"

"Now."

And she did. I ran my hand up and down the smooth curving leg as Joanna sat with
both legs up and held apart. She twisted slightly in her seat.

"You know what?" I said.

"I think I do," said Mr. Bing.

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said.

"I think I am," Mr. Bing said.

"We could make her come," I said.

"No," Joanna said.

"Make her come right here, like this."

"In spite of herself," Mr. Bing said. "Fighting it all the time."

"But losing," I said.

"Wouldn't it be fun?" Mr. Bing said.

"No!" Joanna said. No. No, don't, please. No. God, no."

"I'll hold onto this leg," I said. "You do the honors."

"Of course," Mr. Bing said.

We held Joanna's legs apart and smiled at her. Joanna shook her head. Then she
caught her breath. And started to gasp.

"Isn't that nice?" Mr. Bing said.

"Oh don't," Joanna said. "No, stop, oh god stop, oh please stop I can't no don't
I please I beg no don't oh stop oh Jesus god please please don't no stop-" And
Joanna began to squirm and wriggle.

"Not too hard, Joanna," I said warningly. "We don't want to attract attention.
Okay? So don't come too loud. But come."

"Yes," Mr. Bing said, his eyes glittering. "Yes, Joanna. Come. Come for us.
Fight against it, but come. While I watch. That's right. Now. Come, Joanna. Come
for us. Come."

And Joanna said, "No please god oh I oh I can't oh oh I-I-I-I'm please ah. Ah.
Ah. Ah ah ah. Noogh. Ahahh. Ahhah. Oh god. Unh unh. Unnh. Ah unnhunnh. Oh oh
unhh aggh I oh plea unh. Uhunh. Uhunh. Auggh. I'm I can't I'm going to no ahh!
ahh! ahh! ahh! Aaah I'm-" And Joanna was bouncing now, and jerking, and her eyes
were closed and then wide open and staring and people were looking but Joanna
couldn't stop and she clutched at the table and spasmed and Mr. Bing and I held
her ankles tightly and Joanna said, "AHAHAHAUGGHHAHOOOOOONOOOAAAAIIIIIEEEE!"

 

Part 7
Each morning I was awakened by Holly's sounds of suffering. It was a beautiful
way to wake up.

Usually I tied Holly spread-eagled on my bed as tightly stretched as I could get
her. That way she was always there any time I wanted her during the night. I
usually just slept on top of that taut body, sprawling over Holly's bountiful
soft bumps and hollows. I don't think Holly got a lot of sleep with my body
crushing her into the mattress and pulling her wrists and ankles cruelly against
their bonds, not to mention my waking up to fuck her now and then. By morning
Holly was a mass of pain, and I would wake to the lovely sounds of her gasping
and groaning and sobbing. It was sweeter than the most soothing music. I would
like listening, listening to that agony, savoring the harsh panting and the
broken moans, lying on that twisting body. I would just lie there and listen
until those noises had made my cock hard and throbbing, and then I would roll
right over and thrust my prick up into Holly's warm cunt and fuck her swiftly
and hard, just to get off. And Holly would sob and make rattling sounds of pain
into my ear, and her soft body would strain and try vainly to pull away, and in
a minute I would shoot my first load of the day up into Holly's helplessly
squirming twat.

After that my cock would relax enough for me to take a piss, so I would crawl up
Holly's body and sit down on her tits and stick my dick in her mouth. If she
tried to twist her face away, I would grab hold of her hair and pull on it till
she howled. And then I would ask her if she wouldn't like to taste my piss. And
swallow it. And Holly would nod, in spite of the pain it caused with me still
holding her hair so tightly, and I would slide my dick slowly into her waiting,
quivering mouth. And then I would let go all the piss that had built up during
the night. All of it, letting it pour out into Holly's helpless mouth, down her
throat. On and on. And Holly swallowed it. She swallowed and swallowed,
frantically drinking the foul stuff down as it came from my cock, swallowing as
fast as she could to keep from choking on it, and also to avoid losing any.
Holly knew I didn't like it if she let any piss spill out of her mouth. I would
punish her for that. Horribly. So she gulped down all of it, and when I had
finished she sucked the last drops out of my prick and swallowed them also. And
then she would gag and choke for a while, sick with all that piss she had drunk,
but struggling to keep it down. Because if she threw up I would make her eat it.

Sometimes just watching her I would get all hard again, and I'd just stick my
dick back between Holly's soft trembling lips and have her suck me off. If she
didn't do a good job with her lips and tongue, I would play with her long dark
hair, pulling and twisting it to elicit Holly's wonderful groans and sobs and
gasps, and to encourage her to put her heart into what she was doing.

After I shot down her throat, I would finally untie Holly and take her into the
bathroom, where I allowed her to sit on the toilet for ten minutes, while I
watched whatever she did. Holly hated that. Then I got into the shower and Holly
would wash my body, and dry me off afterwards. And dress me. And then Holly
would make breakfast. Naked. And as I ate my breakfast at the table, Holly ate
hers off the floor. On her hands and knees.

At last I would let her get dressed in her school outfit-a tight, tight, very
thin T-shirt, and the shortest skirt I could find, which came just barely below
her crotch-when she was standing up.

And I would put Holly's leash on her and we would go to school.

I almost caused a riot the first morning I made Holly crawl up the front steps
of the school, crawl on all fours all the way up the broad stairs, with the dog
leash around her neck and me holding the other end, pulling her along. Holly was
crying, but that just made her more exciting.

Nobody gave me any trouble about it, because by now I was king of that school.
Only one instructor said anything, and that was my anatomy instructor, Mr.
Gibbs. And I took care of that very simply by pointing out to him how Holly
could be used to demonstrate some esoteric points in his anatomy lectures. Mr.
Gibbs swiftly saw the merit of that argument. And Holly became a volunteer
during his class that same day.

Mr. Gibbs illustrated his anatomical lecture by hanging Holly up from the
ceiling by her wrists, bringing her luscious body into high relief, with her
full round tits thrusting up and out, and her pitiful skirt hoisted high on
those magnificent thighs. Mr. Gibbs took a long, thin, flexible pointer, and do
demonstrate the resilience of the human body, he whacked it as hard as he could
across Holly's straining breasts. Before Holly had stopped screaming, he did it
again. And to make sure all his pupils got the point, he did it five or six more
times, thwacking that stick across Holly's wonderful titties until her shrieks
almost burst our eardrums. Then he started whipping that stick across her
thighs, to show us the propensity of human skin to absorb hard blows by
converting them into marks. Lots of marks. The hanging girl twisted and squirmed
and wriggled so gorgeously that nobody wanted to go away when class was over.
Luckily it was our last class, so we all hung around a while. We had a contest
to see who could rip Holly's T-shirt off. The guy that won got to whip her on
the bare breasts. After him, we all took a turn at doing that. By that time
Holly was howling and babbling and going crazy with agony and horror, and it was
the most erotic sight you can imagine. So we cut Holly down and four guys held
her down across Mr. Gibbs' desk and we all fucked her, one by one, on and on as
Holly screamed.

 

Part 8
After that first time I didn't fuck Gloria again. I was saving her. And in a way
it was too easy, because Gloria was still hoping against hope to avoid the mass
gang bang I had scheduled for the last day of classes, and so although she
couldn't stand the sight of me and hated having to submit to my lusts, I knew
she wasn't going to resist as strongly as she might want to, in hopes that that
submission might change my mind about the orgy. So I went on fucking Holly and
Joanna, but I kept my cock away from Gloria.

Not that I forgot about her. In fact, I intensified my campaign of humiliation
and degradation, no longer limiting it to her daily task in the cafeteria. It
got so that any time Gloria and I happened to meet in the halls or a classroom
or anyplace, Gloria would start to shake, knowing that I was likely to think up
still another way to make her debase herself right then and there. For instance,
one day just for the hell of it I took a short length of rope and bound one end
of it around each of Gloria's ankles, leaving about a foot of slack. This left
Gloria in difficult circumstances, as she could walk only with very short steps,
and had to be most cautious to avoid falling. As Gloria walked around school
that day with her tiny, hobbling steps she attracted a lot of attention,
particularly as that restricting walk made her tits jiggle-especially after I
told her to go to the girls' room and take off her bra. Jiggle jiggle all day
long. But that wasn't the worst of it. Gloria had to go up and down stairs to
get to her classes. And there was just no way to do that with her ankles
hobbled-except by sitting down on the stairs and pushing herself up or down, one
step at a time. A slow and most humiliating process. With crowds of kids
watching each time. Going up was hard and painful, and going down was still
worse, as each time Gloria slid forward on a step, her skirt slid upward along
her fantastic thighs. Holding on to her books, it was difficult for her to pull
it down, and soon her curvy legs were totally out in the open, to say nothing of
other fascinating parts of her anatomy. When I told Gloria I was going to cut
her panties off so the view would be still nicer, she couldn't stand it. She
cried and begged so piteously that I told her I would make a bargain with her. I
would allow the panties to stay if Gloria chose, but I would print: "Property of
Jerry Wilson" right on the crotch, which was usually in plain sight as she made
that awful downstairs journey. Gloria begged again, on her knees, but that was
all she could get. I waited for her choice, and with an agonized moan she chose
the Magic Marker. So all the kids saw who Gloria's master was. As if there had
been any doubt.

 

Part 9
On another occasion I was sitting in class, right in back of Gloria, and as the
instructor was boring us all to death with his abstract analysis of the
philosophy of Plato, my eyes took in the faintly discernible bra straps under
Gloria's thin summer blouse. My fingers twitched to play with them. So I put my
hand through the slats at the back of Gloria's chair, and began sliding her
blouse out of her skirt. Gloria felt my hands and stiffened, then sat very
still. I could imagine the look on her face. But I knew she couldn't do anything
to stop me. Not a thing. She could only sit and take anything I wished to do to
her.

As I slid a hand in under the bottom of her blouse, Gloria took a long shaky
breath. I figured she was biting her lip, and I grinned. And then I slid both
hands up the blouse, got hold of the catch of the bra, and slipped it open.

What I was doing did not go unobserved. Guys were looking. Girls too. And so was
the instructor, whose droning voice had faltered a bit. He was watching with the
others. Gloria started to shake her head, small helpless shakes, as if pleading
with me not to do it, to leave her alone. But I didn't. What I did was to slide
my hands up to her shoulders and pull the bra straps slowly and teasingly down
off them.

By now almost everybody in that room was aware of what was going down. So to
speak. And our instructor was not making much sense any more, though he still
babbled on with his popping eyes glued to Gloria's front. Obviously I couldn't
pull the bra off with her blouse on, so I got out my pocket knife and cut
through the shoulder straps. I heard Gloria give a low, tiny moan of despair.
And I pulled the brassiere off her breasts and slid it out of the blouse,
dropping it on the floor.

And then, loving it all, I grasped the back of Gloria's blouse, bunching it in
my hand and pulling it tight, pulling as hard as I could, pressing Gloria back
against the chair, so that the thin, porous material strained tightly, so
tightly, across her front, stretching across her luscious round tits, molding
and outlining them in every curve and plane, and making the provocative nipples,
taut with shame and fright, stand out, poke out boldly and erotically against
that straining fabric. Nothing could be left to the imagination, and nothing
was. Kids left their chairs to approach and get a closer look. The instructor
gave up his babbling and just stared happily. And Gloria started to cry. Which
naturally only made those mouth-watering breasts shake and quiver against the
taut blouse. I held on tightly, holding Gloria as she was, helpless to do
anything about her shame. She tried to put her hands up in front of her tits,
but I said "No!" just once, and she put them down again, sobbing. And then I
said if she wanted to use her hands so much she should use them to unbutton the
blouse.

Crying, shaking, choking, she did it.

 

Part 10
"How old, for god's sake?" I said.

"I told you," Billy said. "She's twenty-two."

"Twenty fucking two, for Christ sake!" I said.

"Why, can't you handle that?" Billy said.

"I don't know if I want to," I said. "College girls are out of my class."

"Wait till you see her," Billy said.

"What is she, weird or something?" I said.

"I don't know," Billy said. "She's curious."

"Curious, shit," I said.

"I'm telling you," Billy said. "She's really curious. I think she gets hot
thinking about you-know."

"Did you ever make it with her?" I said.

"Come on," Billy said. "She's my fucking sister!"

"So what?" I said.

"So-Christ, I'd love to!" Billy said. "But shit-"

"Well, I don't think so," I said.

"Just talk to her," Billysaid. "She's waiting now."

"Oh, all right," I said.

"Okay," Billy said, and went out.

And his sister Ginny came in.

Ginny was slim and sinuous and classy looking, with long brown hair and dark
eyes.

"Hello," she said.

I was nervous, for god's sake. But so was Ginny though trying not to show it.

"Hi," I said. "I hear you're curious."

"You could say that," Ginny said.

A cool chick.

"Look," I said. "I told your brother. College girls are out of my class."

"I'm almost graduated," Ginny said.

"What do you want, anyway?" I said.

"I don't know," Ginny said. "But Billy tells me you do-things-to girls-"

"High school girls," I said.

"So?" Ginny said. "Am I so old and ugly?"

"No," I said. "But-"

"I thought you were-dominating," Ginny said. "Not like this."

"Is that what you want?" I said. "To be dominated?"

Ginny looked away. "I-I'm not-"

"To be humiliated?" I said.

Ginny took a sharp breath.

"To be-hurt?" I said.

Ginny swallowed. "I-I don't-I-"

"Spit it out," I said.

"I-I think I-I'd like to try-"

"Oh, shit," I said. "Ginny, I'm only doing this because of Billy. But damn, you
are good-looking all right."

"Thank you," Ginny said.

"Billy wants to fuck you," I said.

Ginny turned pale.

"Will you fuck for him?" I said.

"No!" Ginny said.

"What if I make you?" I said.

"I'm leaving," Ginny said.

"Okay," I said.

Ginny didn't move.

We stood there a long time.

Ginny finally said, "I can't. I want it."

"What?" I said.

"It," Ginny said. "All of it."

"I don't think so," I said.

"Try," Ginny said.

"Try what?" I said.

And Ginny said, "Hurt me."

"Now?" I said.

"Now," Ginny said. "Do it."

I didn't move.

"Do it," Ginny said.

I nodded. I pulled my belt off. Ginny bit her lip.

"Turn around," I said.

Ginny turned.

"Hoist your skirt," I said.

Ginny hesitated. Her hands shook. She pulled her skirt up.

"Higher," I said.

Ginny moaned. And hoisted her skirt to her hips.

"Stand still," I said. And I brought the strap back and then with all my might I
whipped it forward and slashed it across Ginny's soft curvacious thighs with a
sound like a rifle shot.

Ginny squalled like an animal and jumped forward, barely staying upright. The
skirt fell. Ginny gasped loudly a few times.

"Christ!" she said after a moment. "Oh Jesus Christ!"

"Now you can go," I said.

But Ginny stood still. She was still catching her breath. Pain was all over her
face. I waited for her to go away.

And then she said, "Do it again."

"What?" I said.

"Do it again," Ginny said. And turned around. And lifted the skirt again. Higher
this time. I saw that whole luscious body shaking.

But she was waiting.

"I'll do it harder this time," I said.

Ginny stiffened. But she nodded. "Do it."

I did it. As hard as I possibly could. Smashing the strap into that smooth thigh
flesh. A sound like a cannon. A cry from Ginny. She turned, tears on her face.
And brought her hands to the bottom of her blouse. Starting to pull it upwards.
She looked at me.

I shook my head.

"I want it," Ginny said. "Please."

My cock was throbbing. I nodded.

Ginny pulled the blouse off over her head. Dropped it. High firm breasts pushed
at her bra, nipples poking. Ginny reached behind and opened it. And took it off.
Heaving, quivering breasts, stiff-nippled. Wanting. Ginny dropped her hands.
Standing straight and tall. Breasts thrusting.

I hesitated.

"Please," Ginny said. Her voice was not cool. It was shaking now.

"Please," she said.

"Okay," I said. I swung my belt back and taking careful aim I whipped it
whistling across Ginny's waiting breasts. Smashing into the nipples.

Ginny screamed then. Just once. And began to cry. And then Ginny said, "I belong
to you. I am yours. I am yours forever."

"Yes," I said. "And you will do what I say. Won't you?"

"Yes," Ginny said. And she took off her skirt and her panties.

"I'm yours," Ginny said.

"You're Billy's first," I said.

"No!" Ginny said.

I nodded.

Ginny was white and shaking. "I can't," she said. "Not my brother. Not Billy.
Please."

"Billy," I said.

"No! God, no."

"All right," I said. "Go away. Now. And don't come back."

Ginny tried.

"I can't," she said. "Oh god help me. I can't. I can't go now."

"Then you'll fuck Billy," I said.

Ginny said nothing.

"Won't you?" I said.

After a minute Ginny nodded.

"Say it," I said.

Ginny had to swallow.

"I'll fuck Billy," she said.

"Say it again," I said.

"I'll fuck Billy," Ginny said, crying.

"All right," I said. "Do you want me to hit you again first?"

"Yes," Ginny said.

"Shall we let Billy watch?" I said.

"No," Ginny said.

"If you don't want him to watch," I said, "you'll have to suck his cock. Until
he comes in your mouth."

"No!"

"Decide," I said.

"I-let him watch," Ginny gasped.

I called Billy in and displayed his naked sister to him and he watched as I
whipped Ginny's breasts again, and then Ginny fucked for him.

The second time I whipped her as she did it, and she screamed as Billy came.

"Go away, Billy," Ginny said.

She was lying naked on the floor. Her body was still beautiful and arousing and
she had marks on her breasts and thighs.

"No," I said. "Billy stays."

"You bastard," Ginny said. "I can't do this. Not with him."

"You can go any time," I said. "Nobody's stopping you."

"I can't," Ginny said. "You know I can't, you son of a bitch."

"Why?" I said. "I'm just a high school kid. What can I do?"

"I need you," Ginny said. "You know that. I'm lost. I'm just goddamned lost."

"All right," I said. "So you can stay. And Billy stays. Right?"

Ginny nodded slowly.

"Tell him," I said.

"Stay, Billy," Ginny said.

"Good," I said. "Now do something for us. Put on a show."

"What do you want me to do?" Ginny said.

"Crawl," I said. "Crawl for us. Show us what a degraded slut you are. Get onto
your hands and knees and crawl around until I tell you to stop."

"Make me," Ginny said.

"Billy," I said. "Make Ginny crawl."

"Oh Jesus god," Billy said. "I'm going to whip her. I'm going to whip my
sister."

"No," Ginny said. "Don't let that filthy kid hit me. I'll do it.

I'll do it."

"Turn over," I said.

"Please," Ginny said.

"Turn over or I'll let him whip your tits," I said.

Ginny turned over.

"Stretch out," I said.

Ginny spread her shaking body.

"All right," I said to Billy. "On her back. Hard."

Billy swung, hitting Ginny's back with the belt.

Ginny yelled and began to cry. "I'll do it," she said, sobbing.

"No more."

"Ginny," I said. "Ask Billy to do it again."

"No! God, please-"

"You love it," I said.

"Not that way. Not from-oh please-"

"Ask him to hit you again," I said. "Ask him nicely."

"Oh-" Ginny said. "I-oh, no-I-"

I waited.

Ginny sobbed. "Billy," she choked. "Hit me again."

"Please," I said.

"P-please," Ginny said. "Please hit me again."

"Do it," I told Billy.

Happily, Billy did. As hard as he could. Ginny screamed, twisting her body
against the floor.

"Now," I said. "Now crawl, Ginny. Crawl."

Painfully, Ginny pulled herself up onto all fours.

"Look at me," I said.

Ginny raised her eyes to mine.

"Whore," I said.

Ginny swallowed. "Yes," she said.

"Cocksucking shit," I said.

"Yes," Ginny said.

"Filthy slut slave cunt," I said.

"Yes," Ginny said softly. "Yes."

"Crawl for us," I said.

And Ginny crawled. Naked, sobbing, hurting, shamed, hating it-and loving every
degrading second of it.

"College girl," I said. "Look at you."

"Bring in some more guys," Billy said. "Make her do it with all of them. A
fucking gang bang!"

"How about it, Ginny?" I said.

"I'm yours," Ginny said.

"Billy's too," I said. "Don't forget that, Ginny. I'm giving Billy full charge
of you. Understand? You'll do anything he tells you, any time he wants, any way
he wants. Is that understood, Ginny?"

"Yes," Ginny said, crying.

"All right," I said. "We can talk about gang bangs later. And all about what is
in store for you, Ginny baby. But right now I have plans for our grand finale. I
still haven't put my cock into you. But I will."

"Oh," Ginny said. "Oh, yes!"

"And I'll bet Billy is ready again. Right, Billy?"

"Shit, yeah!" Billy said.

"Jesus," Ginny said.

"Both at once?" Billy said.

"Why not?" I said.

Ginny made a sound of total despair.

"Ginny," I said. "I'll tell you what. We'll give your poor pussy a rest, okay?"

"Jerry," Ginny said whimperingly, "Jerry, for god's sake have pity. You can do
anything with me. Anything. I'm helpless with you. For god's sake have some
pity. Please oh please oh god please-"

"Christ," I said. "I love this. I just fucking love this!"

Ginny was sobbing.

"Ginny, my darling slave," I said. "You are now going to suck one of us off-suck
him off with your luscious mouth and make him shoot down your throat, and
swallow all his gism-while the other one fucks you up your tight little
asshole."

"Oh Jesus," Ginny moaned.

"Simultaneously," I said. "Mouth and ass. How does that sound, Gin?"

"Oh god," Ginny said. "Please-"

"But listen to this," I said. "This is the good part. You get to decide, Ginny.
That's right. You get to choose which one of us you suck off and which one fucks
you in the ass. Now isn't that generous of me?"

"You-you bastard!" Ginny said.

"I'd hit you for that, only you'd enjoy it too much," I said.

"I'll hit her," Billy said. "She won't enjoy that!"

"Okay," I said.

"No!" Ginny said.

"Stay still," I said. "Don't move, Ginny. Not an inch."

Ginny, still on all fours, said, "God, I hate you!" But she didn't move.

And Billy whacked her across the back very hard, and the tip of the strap curled
under her flinching body and whipped into her dangling breast. Ginny writhed
deliciously in pain, moaning.

"Okay," I said. "Now choose, Ginny. Which of us do you want to suck? While the
other bungholes your bottom? Choose."

"Oh, god," Ginny said. "I can't. I can't, please, I can't-"

"No?" I said. "How many lashes do you think Billy will have to give you to get
you to do it? Hmm? Want to guess? Six? Nine? Eighty-two? Do you want to find
out? I don't mind doing research on that question. And Billy sure as shit
doesn't. How about it?"

Ginny swallowed hard. "Oh, you shit," she breathed. "You-All right. All right!
I-I'll-I'll do it."

"Who then," I said. "Who gets your mouth, Ginny slut?"

Ginny was sobbing again. I never got tired of that. I waited.

Watching the torment of it, the horror and humiliation of having to say,
particularly, that she would take her brother in her mouth, or up he ass. It was
almost impossible for her to do. But she had to.

And finally, choking and biting her lip, Ginny said, "You.

I-I'll suck you. I-oh god, oh dear god-"

"Okay," I said. "That's your decision, is it? You'll suck my cock-and Billy will
fuck you in the ass. Is that what you want, Ginny?"

"Yes! Damn you!" Ginny cried. "All right! Yes! I'll do it, I-I can't-I-"

"Ah, Ginny," I said. "How arousing you are like this. All that shit I'm making
you roll in, and you swallow it down because your system craves it, even though
it makes you vomit. Poor delicious college girl."

"Kill me," Ginny said.

"First our party," I said. And as Ginny crawled toward me I said, "No. Not that
way. The other way. Suck Billy. I'll fuck your ass. Cry, my slave!"

 

Part 11
I was having a party. At my house. I had invited a judicious selection of
guests. Twelve guys. One girl. Ginny.

It was to be her coming-out party.

"Fellows," I said, "this is Ginny. Our guest of honor." Most of them looked with
awe on this sophisticated looking older girl. "Ginny is an interesting case," I
said. "She is with us tonight of her own volition-although she knows, more or
less, what is about to happen to her. Ginny is free to leave at any time. Most
of you have participated in or witnessed certain activities of a-shall I say
disciplinary nature-with certain young ladies in our school. But in such cases
the ladies had no choice-or no alternative that they cared to take advantage of.
Gloria, for instance, is horribly constrained by what I know about a particular
night which she will do anything to keep hidden. Anything, to the point of
physical and spritual ruin. And Holly is so afraid of some hold Henry has on her
that she too will allow her soul and body to suffer unimaginably. And Joanna is
forced to violate everything she is and submit to all horrors for fear of the
insufferable pain that Alma can put her through. And so forth. Any of these
girls would get as far away as they possibly could from us if only there was any
way for them to do so. But Ginny is a different case altogether. Nothing is
holding her. No blackmail, no hidden facts, no threat of pain or retaliation.
Only Ginny herself. And her helpless desires. Am I right, Ginny?"

Ginny was looking straight ahead, chin up, defiant but shaking.

"You know it is," Ginny said, glaring at me.

"Ginny," I said, "do you know what you are in for tonight?"

Ginny swallowed, and nodded.

"Not all of it," I said. "You probably know you will be debased and degraded and
humiliated; you probably know that you will be fucked again and again in every
hole you own; you probably know you will be hurt and tormented in many agonizing
ways; you probably know you will crawl for us, and suck and fuck for us, and
scream and howl and twist and squirm and kick and writhe and cry for us-"

"Bastard," Ginny said in a shaking voice. "Oh, you dirty miserable son of a
bitch."

"But I'll bet you don't know this, Ginny. I bet you didn't anticipate that when
all of us are finished with you-when every guy in this room has had his fill of
your cunt and your ass and your mouth, and has gotten tired of hurting you and
watching you crawl and listening to you howl for mercy-after all that, I am
going to spread your luscious body out on a plastic sheet and then all of us are
going to piss on you."

"No!" Ginny cried.

"Yes," I said. "All of us-one by one-will piss our guts out all over your sweet
college girl's body. All over. From top to bottom. All the piss we're going to
accumulate throughout this long pleasure-filled night. That's a lot of piss,
Ginny. You'll be soaked with it, sopping with it, you'll be lucky if you don't
drown in it. And you'll drink it, too. Oh, yes. I'm going to aim most of mine
right into your mouth, Ginny, and I'm going to make sure that mouth stays open
to take it. And that you swallow it. All of it, every last drop. You'll be
nothing but a piss-soaked cunt, inside and out. You didn't know that, did you,
Ginny?"

Ginny was crying now. "Oh god," she sobbed. "Oh, you-oh you filthy-oh
god-no-don't-no-"

"Now, Ginny," I said. "Now you know what's in store for you. Most of it, anyway.
So now is your big chance. You can still go. If you want to. Right now. You can
go, and nobody will stop you. And I'll never bother you again. There's the door,
Ginny. Go. If you can. Go."

Sobbing harder, Ginny swayed, then sank to her knees. "I can't," she choked. "Oh
god, oh Jesus, I can't. Oh Christ help me, I can't, I can't. I can't leave. Oh
please. Please. Have mercy. I'm a cunt slave, I'm a shit-sucking twat, just a
bitch shit whore slave. I need you. I can't go. Kill me, god, kill me."

The guys all were staring with popped eyes and murmuring. "You see," I said
triumphantly. "Ginny is ours. All ours. You can see what a sexy outfit she's got
on. I told her to wear it. Such a sophisticated gown. Low cut. Short. And guess
what she's got on underneath?"

"What?" somebody said.

"Tell us, Ginny," I said.

"Nothing," Ginny said shakily.

"Go on," I said.

Ginny took a shuddering breath. "Nothing," she said again. "You told me not to
put on any underwear, so I didn't. I'm naked beneath this gown. Bare and naked.
For you. For-for all of you."

"Stand up," I said.

Ginny stood up and I told her to rip that gown down the front, and she did, with
a cry of loss, and I told her to slip it off, and she did. I had her display her
curving body to all the watching guys, and then I let them all touch her all
over, and then I had her crawl for a while, crawl around among us with her tits
swaying and her thighs working and her long brown hair brushing the floor.

And then to kick of the erotic festivities I had her fuck Billy, fuck her
brother while we all watched. Fuck him until he came and Ginny had to come too.
And then I let them at her, let them all fuck her and fuck her and fuck her and
made her suck us all, all of us, and when all of us were temporarily satiated I
hung her up and the whipping started.

Ginny had been whipped before but not hung up like that by her wrists, with her
helpless body swaying and twisting as the straps slammed into her soft breasts
and ass and back and thighs and stomach and crotch. Ginny screamed and howled
and begged, but also climaxed again and again under the continuous lashing. We
did other things to her too, and when I cut her down we were all hard again and
we used Ginny's tortured body for several more hours.

And finally as dawn was coming in the windows I laid Ginny out on her back and
all of us pissed on her while she sobbed and shuddered, emptying our bladders
all up and down Ginny's writhing, whip-striped body, all of us standing around
her in a circle and inundating her with our stinking piss. And I told her to
open her mouth and I directed my piss right down her throat and I said, "Swallow
it, Ginny. Swallow every drop." And Ginny swallowed and swallowed and then got
sick and vomited on the floor. And I told her to lick it up. Ginny rolled over
and guys pissed on her back as she licked and ate her own vomit, choking and
gagging. And her hair fell into it and she was sobbing and retching and eating
it and I was hard again.

 

Part 12
"Harr," Joanna was saying. "Harrr. Haughh. Arrggk. Unh. Haghh. Horrrph.
Don't-Hohg! Ugghhk. Haw! Hah!" As she said this, Joanna's fabulous naked body
jerked and lunged. Only it couldn't lunge too far, because it was lying face
down, stretched out, and sprawled on top of the equally naked body of Ginny's
brother Billy. Her arms and legs were spread very wide and tied with strong
ropes to various pieces of furniture, so she couldn't roll off. Billy's cock was
up Joanna's cunt, and he was having a bitch of a good time as Joanna's luscious
young body twisted and thrust so spasmodically against him.

It was not passion that caused this motion, or that was responsible for the
animalistic sounds Joanna was making. It was the fact that I was standing above
her, holding a long thin pole-like thing with a very sharp tip. And I was
amusing myself and adding to Billy's pleasure by jabbing this thing into various
parts of Joanna's soft smooth flesh. Hard. Each time I did that, Joanna would
emit another sound of pain, and that body would plunge away from the pain-only
as I say it had noplace to go except into Billy. Billy was in ecstasy with that
whole nude body plunging and jerking and bucking and rolling and spasming and
twisting and squirming and wriggling and sliding and thrashing against him and
into him and on top of him. And I was enjoying it almost as much as he was,
jabbing away at Joanna's buttocks and back and thighs and anything else I could
reach. I loved trying to stick it right into her asshole, which really set her
off. But I varied it to cover all the fine parts of that pain-driven body.

"Naugghh!" Joanna howled. "Don't no ahh! Aaaghhh! Hauggh! Hoh!

Huh! Hunnh! No! Nn Augh! Augh! Hoo! I no I don't arrrrrghhhh! Hawww!"

Suddenly Billy grabbed Joanna's flying brown hair and pulled her yelling mouth
down to his, mashing her lips to his own. Joanna still howled and gasped but she
was doing it into Billy's mouth now, and it all came out rather muffled. But
that naked, bound, tautly stretched, pain-wracked body continued to leap and
heave and slide wildly against the boy under it until Billy did a bit of
spasming himself and shot his gism up into that plunging twat.

Only then did I stop jabbing, and only because I didn't want to wait any more. I
didn't even give Billy a chance to slide out from under, but dropped down onto
Joanna and jammed my prick brutally up her ass with one hard thrust. Joanna
shrieked and I was fucking her, fucking her ass as hard as I could, pounding up
and down on top of her, making her tightly stretched limbs hurt still worse as
the ropes dug cruelly into her skin. I clutched Joanna's long soft hair and
pulled her head back viciously, pulling as hard as I could and straining her
scalp and neck to the utmost.

"Aaaaauuuuggghhh!" Joanna screamed. "AAIIIIEEEE! AURRRRGHHK!

NONONOAUGH! Unnnhhhhh! PLEAAAAK!"

"Howl, you bitch," I panted as I slammed into that tight anus.

"Howl for me. I'll rip your scalp off, you turd-eating twat!" And I pulled still
harder at Joanna's hair and she choked out a terrible cry. Her upper body was
being forced upward with the awful tension of her scalp, and her beautiful
quivering round tits were bobbling right in front of Billy. Billy with a
malicious grin raised his hands to them.

Joanna saw instantly that she was in for further pain. "No!" she yelped. "NO!
DON'T! NO!"

But Billy was not about to stop. He took those fine firm tits in his hands and
started to squeeze. Harder and harder he crushed the helpless globes, and Joanna
screamed and twisted so hard that I almost shot my load right there. But I
waited, and Billy, still clamping the tortured titties in his hands, began to
twist. And twist.Viciously. Back and forth, just as though he was trying to rip
them right off her chest. And Joanna went crazy. Crying and howling and begging
incoherently, she flailed her body so uncontrollably that I almost lost my
position up her ass. But I held on and I held on to her hair and Billy now
grasped just Joanna's sweet lovely delicious delicate provocative pink nipples
and pinched them in his hard strong fingers and dug his dirty nails into them
and twisted and squeezed and manipulated and Joanna said, "AAAAAAUUUUUGGGGHHHHH!
HAUHAUHAU GOD OH GOD AH UNH UNH NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOO UNHUNHUNH PLEASE DON'T PLEASE
DON'T oh please oh pleaseohpleaseohplease AAIIIIIIII AURRRRRRHH! SHIT NO
OHDEARJESUS STOP GOD STOP I CAN'T FOR HELP OH STOPPP ARHARGH UNH UNH
AUHAUHOHOHOHO."

By now Billy was hard again and both of us were fucking her.

Actually Billy was letting her fuck him, with her plunging, twisting, agonized
body. I couldn't hold out an more and I pulled out of her ass and shot all my
gism across Joanna's whip and burn and stick-marked back. I shot it over her
woulds from the stick so it would burn into them and it did, but not as much as
when I pissed on her and the piss truly made those holes burn and Joanna plunged
and screamed and Billy and I untied her and rolled her over and Billy stuck his
dick down her throat as I tried the pole on her nipples and stomach and crotch
and Joanna said, "AIEAIEAIEARRRRRRRRK!"

 

Part 13
Our school principal, Doctor fucking Pratt, had a bug up his ass. He didn't like
the rumors of immorality in the school that were going around. I sat in his
fucking office as he beat around the bush for a while, but I was thinking, fuck
it, why should I sit here and be bored to shit by this crap? This bastard is a
man too, though it might not be obvious. He had a cock down there someplace. So
why fuck around and maybe fuck things up? Why not just hit him with it straight
out, and fuck the shipmates? So I cut him off and I said, "Look, Doctor Pratt,
you want to know if it's true that there's fucking going on in this school? Yes,
there's fucking going on. Is there sucking going on? Yes. Lots of sucking. Rape?
Yes. Sodomy? You bet. Blackmail of a sexual nature? Right. Torment and torture
and discipline and all that kind of good stuff? Yes. Yes, I say. Yes! Okay? Now
the only question is, do you want to stir up a lot of trouble and talk and
publicity and things-or do you want to get in on it."

Well.

Old Pratt was huffing and puffing and going all kinds of colors,

but then he kind of stared at and said, "In-in on it? Me?"

Ahah! I thought. That cock is there, all right. "You," I said.

"All you want, Doctor Pratt."

"All? All I want?" Pratt gasped.

"As much as you can take," I said. "Any time, any place. And anybody."

"Anybody?"

"Anybody," I said. "I'll tell you what. I'll start you off right.

You tell me who you think is the absolute sexiest female in this whole school.
The one girl who turns you on most. The one you'd really like to give it to. Who
makes your cock go hard when you think about her. Anybody. Any girl in this
school. Tell me who, and I guarantee you-I promise you that when you come to
work tomorrow, that girl will be here. In your office. Waiting for you. Stark
naked. Tied down across your desk. Spread out. Unable to move. All yours. Yours
to do anything you want to. All naked and helpless to resist you. And you can
use her any way you want. All day long. You can fuck her. Or stick your cock in
her mouth. Or whip her. Her tits, her belly, her thighs. Or burn her body with
your cigar tip. Or whatever."

"I don't want that," Pratt said.

"Oh," I said. "Well, what-"

"I want her to be brought to me," Pratt said. "I want her clothed. Fully
clothed. So I can rip them off her myself."

"Okay," I said.

Pratt went on. "I want her hands bound behind her. Her wrists. Lashed together.
Tightly."

"Okay," I said again.

"And I want her hair down. Down and loose. Flowing. Her long hair, her long
lovely blonde hair."

Pratt was glazing over. "Ah-Doctor Pratt," I said. "Okay. You can have all
that."

"Oh god," Pratt said, almost drooling.

"Just one thing," I said. "Who is it? Who do you want?"

"You don't know?" Pratt said. "The most arousing, tempting, and snobbish
princess in the building."

"Just say who," I said. "And she's as good as yours. Which girl is it?"

"Not a girl," Pratt said. "Not a student. A teacher."

I hadn't counted on that.

"Who?" I said.

"Why, Miss Anger, of course," Pratt said.

"Ah," I said.

That wasn't surprising, actually. Miss Anger was without a doubt the most
attractive and sensuous instructor in school. I'd sometimes daydreamed about
having a crack at her myself, and so had most of the guys. And the faculty,
obviously. The more I thought about Miss Anger, the harder my prick got. It was
true, she was a cold bitch. Haughty and proud. But shit, what a body! Breasts as
round and firm and bouncy as basketballs. Legs that wouldn't quit. And curves
all over that mouth-watering torso.

What a break, I thought. Because I intended to get Miss Anger for Pratt, and
that meant I would get a pretty good piece too. But I thought it only fair for
Pratt to have first crack.

So at eight o'clock Friday morning I, along with Henry, escorted a struggling
Miss Anger to Doctor Pratt's office. With her hands bound in back of her,
tightly, at the wrists, as requested. Miss Anger was not happy about this.

At Pratt's door I knocked and Pratt opened the door, and as he saw Miss Anger
standing there he began to laugh. Miss Anger called him a string of awful
things, and Pratt stopped laughing and told us to bring her in.

And then he punched her in the stomach. Hard, too.

I was taken aback, but that was nothing to Miss Anger's reaction.

All the air went out of her with a woosh, and she bent forward, staggered back
and fell down, long yellow hair flying, and lay on the floor, writhing and
gasping and sobbing and spasming, trying to catch her breath, rolling helplessly
with her arms bound behind her.

Pratt was doing what I had never known him to do before. Smiling.

Crying hard, Miss Anger tried to get up, but Pratt said, "Don't get up, Rachel."
And to emphasize that wish, he kicked her viciously right in the tit. Miss Anger
screamed horribly and fell back again, her trussed body flailing, legs kicking
blindly, causing her skirt to pull up high on her lusciously curving thighs, and
horrible sounds coming out of her throat.

"Look at her legs," Pratt said raspingly. "Look at those fine shapely thighs and
calves. And those-those fabulous breasts! How they bob and roll as Rachel twists
beautifully in pain. I've thought of you like this, Rachel. And now-"

"Shit," Henry whispered. "I didn't know her first name was Rachel."

"Don't start," I said, but too late.

"Rolling Rachel," Henry said. "Rachel rolls revealingly around the room.
Rachel's rompers ruck up."

"You," Pratt said. "Shut up."

"Yes, sir," Henry said.

"In fact, go away," Pratt said.

Henry left with a long backward look. I started out too, but Pratt said, "Not
you," and I stopped. "You stay," Pratt said. "Rachel, I want to sit here and
watch you get raped by a student. Rape her," Pratt said.

"Wait!" Miss Anger cried. "What do you-I'll-you can't- no-no-no-NOOOOO"!

"Yes," Pratt said, watching Miss Anger with all his attention.

"Go on. Rape her."

So I did.

It was fun. First I had to rip off her clothes, and Miss Anger struggled
mightily, but as she did Pratt would kick her hard, usually in a most painful
spot, and she would cry and sob and I would rip and rip and after a while Miss
Anger was naked. I slapped at her breasts and I bit her neck and I twisted her
flesh and I pinched her nipples and when she was howling and bucking and choking
with sobs and gasps and pleas I pried her long thighs apart and threw myself on
top of her and grabbed her hair and jammed my dork into her pussy and fucked the
shit out of her, while Doctor Pratt rubbed his dick around her face and came all
over it, all over her beautiful face and hair and lips and Rachel was crazy with
pain and horror.

 

Part 14
"I want you to do me a favor," Doctor Pratt said.

"Okay," I said. "What?"

And Pratt said, "I want you to rape my daughter."

I didn't know what the fuck to say. "You're kidding," I said.

"No," Pratt said.

"Why?" I said.

"Because it's time," Pratt said. "And she disturbs me."

"Christ," I said. "Your own daughter? Are you going to-"

"No," Pratt said. "I can't. Not my daughter. Impossible. Much as I-but no. No.
But I will watch. And savor."

"Shit," I said. "How old is she?"

"Fourteen," Pratt said.

"Fourteen!"

"But most nubile. Most...ripe."

"I can't," I said.

"You can," Pratt said. "You will. You and your friends. About six, I think. Six.
To hold her down. To rip her clothes off. To rape her. Repeatedly.
Simultaneously. Endlessly. To hurt her and degrade her and break her spirit. As
I watch."

"Shit," I said again. "Fourteen. What's her name?"

"Jill," Pratt said. "Jill. My nubile daughter."

"Too young," I said.

"Tomorrow," Pratt said. "In my office."

"Okay," I said.

Pratt was right. Jill was ripe. In an unripe way. A blossoming flower. A budding
bloom. Her hair was long and brown and shining, her lips round and soft and
inviting, her eyes dark and promising, her breasts round and high and small but
luscious, her hips innocently curving, her legs round and smoooth and plump with
curving, sensuous young flesh. Altogether cock-hardening, breath-quickening,
making a man itch to pluck her. And fuck her.

And the most arousing thing about it was that she knew why she was there. She
knew right away, as soon as she saw the six of us filing into Pratt's office.
Her soft eyes got all round with fright and she began to shake.

"No," she whispered. "Oh, god, no!" She turned to her father, and she understood
the whole thing. "Daddy," Jill gasped. "Oh, Daddy, no. Oh god, Daddy. Please.
Please, no. Daddy. For god's sake. You can't. Daddy. Please, please, Daddy, oh
no, please..."

And Pratt said, "Rape her."

Jill looked around wildly for some place to run, but she had no escape. "No,"
she moaned pitifully, and started to cry.

And Pratt said, "Now. Rape her now."

Six guys moved toward Jill and she backed away, whimpering. "No!"

Jill yelled, and again turning to Pratt she was babbling hysterically. "Daddy,
don't let them, don't, Daddy, I'll do anything you want, please, Daddy, please,
no, please..." Sobbing and clutching at him, and Pratt put his arms around her
as if to protect her from us, holding her tenderly, and then he turned her
around and shoved her hard, right at us.

Jill screamed in terror.

All of us grabbed at her, and were about to pull her down on the floor, but I
said, "Hold it a minute." I had got hold of Jill's long brown hair, and now I
pulled on it hard, yanking her head back, so she was looking up at me, eyes wild
with fright. I grinned down into her terrified face.

"Jill, darling," I said. "This is going to be a real kick."

Jill was moaning and sobbing, and I pulled that hair harder, and I jammed my
mouth down onto her twisting young lips. Jill cried out into my mouth and tried
to pull away, only giving herself more pain in her scalp. I plundered that
writhing mouth, mashing our lips together, thrusting my tongue rapaciously into
that squalling cavity, probing and plundering, loving the sensations of Jill's
struggling, her soft, sweet, squirming lips, her captive mouth, her smothered
sounds of agony and horror and shame, her twisting, squirming body pressed hard
against mine.

I was panting as I finally let her go, and in a moment that lust-arousing young
girl was down on the floor, and that maddening nymphet's body was spread out,
spread taut and held fast by wrists and ankles, helpless and open and struggling
vainly, flailing, bucking, writhing frantically.

"I," I said with some difficulty, "will do the honors."

And I was about to strip Jill of her clothing, but Pratt said,

"Wait." And Pratt, breathing hard, got down and lay on top of his sobbing,
horrified daughter.

"Jill," Pratt said, his body crushing hers. "My Jill. I can't have you, Jill, no
matter how I want you. Your body. I can't. But I can do this. This," Pratt said.
"This." And Pratt was humping Jill's body, moving passionately, fucking his
daughter through their clothes. And groaning and loving it to beat the band.
"This," Prattt said again and again. "This. This. This. Oh, you darling lovely
bitch daughter Jill now now NOWWW!"

Pratt had obviously come, and Jill was sobbing in shame, and Pratt got up and
said, "Do it."

I got down, and with loving anticipation I put my hand on Jill's top button.

"Rip it," Pratt said. He had a thing about ripping. Fuck him, I thought.

"No," I said. "I want to strip Jill slowly. It's more humiliating that way.
Right, Jill?"

"No," Jill said. "Don't. Please, don't, please. Please god.

I-I'm only-"

"Fourteen," I said. "I know. But by god, nobody in this room doesn't have a
hard-on for you. Including your father."

"Oh god," Jill said.

I stripped Jill slowly. Button by button by button I opened her blouse. Slowly I
took off her skirt. And slowly I took the virginal white bra from those budding,
blossoming breasts. And lastly I slowly and gradually drew her panties down her
soft round thighs.

And I looked deep int Jill's pleading, despairing, horror-filled dark eyes as I
slowly and deliberately violated her precious virginity.

And then I fucked the shit out of her.

And all the other guys did too.

And Pratt watched.

And all of us fucked Jill in the mouth, forcing our pricks into

her throat as she gagged and sobbed, shooting our gism into her gullet and
making her swallow it all.

And then we turned her over and fucked her asshole as she screamed and howled.

And Pratt watched.

Then we did all those things to her at once as Pratt watched.

And when we couldn't do any more we emptied our bladders on her face and hair
and body and then we spread Jill out again and started to whip her with our
belts. On her thighs, on her tits, on her stomach. Jill was almost out of her
mind with pain and horror and degradation.

And at one point Pratt stood over the flailing body of his violated daughter
and, watching as the hard straps whipped her tender flesh, masturbated happily,
until his gism arched from his cock and fell onto Jill's screaming face.

Pratt got down and rubbed the stuff around his daughter's face.

Then his hand almost of its own volition slid down. The whipping stopped as
Pratt's hand slid onto Jill's aching breast. And squeezed, squeezed hard until
Jill howled and twisted, and finally Pratt said, "I can't. I must. I must."

And he flung his body on top of Jill's and Jill screamed "NOOOOO!!" But Pratt
took his daughter and fucked her and came in triumphant fury.

 

Part 15
Mr. Gibbs' anatomy class was the most popular class in school. By far.

This was probably due to the fact that Mr. Gibbs had hit on a method of
instruction that illustrated his points so entertainingly that although his
lectures may have been a bit repetitive, nobody was anxious to miss any of them.
Especially the boys.

Mr. Gibbs' popular method, of course, had to do with his using my sensuous Holly
as a living illustration. But to give him credit, Mr. Gibbs did try to put some
variety into his class sessions. For instance, he didn't always hang Holly by
her wrists, although that was just about the favorite position of all. But he
would on some days spread her out across his desk and tie her spread-eagled; or
make her crouch on hands and knees on the floor; or just lash her wrists in back
of her and make her stand and take it. And so on.

Also, he did not always use the slim, whippy pointer to impress his knowledge on
us, and particularly on Holly. Sometimes it was a long wicked metal ruler, or an
old piece of rubber, or a viciously whistling length of knotted rope. Or his
belt. And occasionally he would put a gag in Holly's mouth, so that his
classroom discourse could be heard without the interference of Holly's screams
and howls. But we found that those agonized shrieks were so deliciously arousing
to us that most of the time the gag was not used.

On the day that Dr. Pratt came to monitor Mr. Gibbs' class (at my suggestion),
Mr. Gibbs chose to be classical. No gag. Holly hanging by her wrists from the
ceiling. Body dangling, straining, legs kicking, tits thrusting and writhing.
And stark naked.

The lecture began.

"This is a human body," Mr. Gibbs said, flexing the pointer with anticipation.
"Female type. Note," Mr. Gibbs said, raising his arm, "The breasts."

Whap!

Holly's scream was particularly loud. Mr. Gibbs had hit particularly hard. He
was outdoing himself for Dr. Pratt. Dr. Pratt was appreciating it all to hell.

"The breasts," Mr. Gibbs said, "are more pronounced on the female than the
male."

Whistle. Slam. WHAP!

Horrible scream from Holly. Twisting of body, kicking of legs.

Hardening of cocks.

"Note," Mr. Gibbs said, "the nipples."

WHAPP!

Louder howling. Harder thrashing. Pitiful crying. Holly wanted to beg him to
stop, but she knew it would not do any good. It never did. Soon, though, Holly
would beg anyway. She wouldn't be able to help it.

And it wouldn't do her any good.

"Note also," Mr. Gibbs said, "the thighs."

Whistle SLAMCRACK!

Eardrum-shattering tortured howls, helpless squirming and twisting, more howls.

"And the stomach," Mr. Gibbs said.

Swish SLAM.

Horrible screaming, interrupted only by the most piteous begging, pleading,
sobbing.

Dr. Pratt stood up. Oh-oh, I thought. Maybe this is too much even for him. But
Pratt said, "Show us her thighs again."

"The thighs," Mr. Gibbs said, and slashed his stick across them, making Holly's
fantastic legs kick in luscious agony.

"And the breasts," Dr. Platt said hoarsely.

"The breasts," Mr. Gibbs said, and swung harder than ever.

CRRRRAAACCCKKK! into Holly's round pink-nippled rolling tits.

Indescribable shrieks of unbearable agony.

And Dr. Pratt stood and watched with the most attentive fascination as Holly did
her helpless, involuntary dance of pain, hanging in the air, body pulled taut,
straining and aching, dancing so beautifully in its mind-obliterating horror.
Dr. Pratt advanced to the front of the room, watching Holly's gyrations at close
range.

"I will continue the demonstration," Dr. Pratt said. "If I may."

"Certainly, sir," Mr. Gibbs said.

"Cut this girl down," Dr. Pratt said.

Mr. Gibbs did. Holly fell to the floor, still howling, still squirming, wrists
still lashed together. Dr. Pratt pulled Holly to her knees by her long dark
hair. With his other hand he unzipped his fly and took out his stiff cock.

"This," Dr. Pratt said, "is a penis. An erect penis. And this," he said,
twisting his hand in Holly's hair and pulling her head back painfully until
Holly's soft twisting mouth opened with a squall of pain, "this is an erect male
penis being inserted into a female mouth." And Pratt suited action to word,
shoving his dork into Holly's mouth, all the way into Holly's mouth, in fact so
far into Holly's mouth that Holly gagged and choked, bound hands rising
frantically to try to push Pratt back. But Pratt didn't move, and ignoring the
gagging and frantic whimpering and the ineffectual hands, he pulled Holly's head
to him by her hair, jamming that stuffed mouth hard against his stomach at the
base of that throat-filling prick. And holding it there. And grinning. Grinning
at the struggling, half-suffocating naked girl at his feet.

We could hear the sound of air whistling through Holly's nostrils now as she
strove wildly for breath. Pratt didn't move. And didn't fuck Holly's mouth. Just
stood there, holding her face against him, tugging and twisting her hair, his
cock down her gullet, her lips distorted around its thick stem. Until I could
tell that he was about ready to come.

"This," Pratt said hoarsely, "this is a male penis-ejaculating!"

And at the last moment he tugged Holly's mouth away from him, but still clutched
her hair, holding her lovely face in front of that prick as his gism spurted out
of it, shooting it right into her face, all over it, splashing it across that
twisting face, and as Holly gasped for air, Pratt's come spurted into her mouth
and she choked on it, choking and gasping and choking again, squirming, kicking,
crying with the pain in her scalp and the horror of what she was going through,
and the knowledge that this day was far from over for her, and then when at last
it was, there was still tomorrow.

And tomorrow.

And tomorrow.

And when Dr. Pratt had drained his cock on Holly's face, he took up Gibbs'
pointer with a rapturous look. Holl shrieked, and instantly flung herself at his
feet, desperately hugging his thighs and begging him, pleading with him
frantically, wildly, babblingly, not to hurt her again. Sobbing, whimpering,
promising him anything, and only making his cock go stiff again. Holly saw that
and collapsed with a hair-raising moan of pure terror. Dr. Pratt put his foot on
her body and shoved her over so that Holly lay on her back.

"No!" Holly babbled. "No no no no no no NOOO!"

And for each no, Pratt slammed that vicious stick with all his might across
Holly's helpless body. And only after he had striped it all over, front and
back, up and down, did he stop and fuck her. And I fucked her, and so did all of
us.

Our anatomy lesson for that day.

 

Part 16
Miss Anger's class was almost as much fun as Mr. Gibbs'. For me, anyhow. Because
each time I saw Miss Anger I recalled that morning in Doctor Pratt's office, and
I recalled that fabulous body naked, and I thought about what Miss Anger had
looked like all naked and sobbing and hurting. I recalled the sight of her with
Pratt's cock in her mouth, and with Pratt's cock up her ass; and I recalled the
way she had looked and sounded and felt bucking and squirming and flailing
underneath my body as I raped the shit out of her, Pounding up and down, in and
out of her as she howled and fought and twisted desperately against the floor.

I saw all that in my mind every time Miss Anger walked into the classroom. And
she knew it. Knew what I was watching in my mind. And I knew she knew. And
though that knowledge was exciting to me, it was exquisite hell for our
beautiful teacher. A flush would come to her face the first time she met my
eyes, and after that she would avoid looking my way as much as possible. When
she had to call on me, she didn't look at me. But she had that awareness all the
time. The awareness of my awareness. I had seen those breasts. I had ogled that
body bare. I had heard that mouth howling, and I had seen it stretched around a
big stiff cock. I had fucked her cunt. And there I was in her class, day after
day.

It was hell.

And that wasn't the worst part. No. The worst part was that she was waiting.
Waiting for that day. She knew it would come. And so did I. Miss Anger could do
nothing about it. Doctor Pratt had seen to that. Nothing.

So Miss Anger could only wait. And I held off, day by day, holding myself back,
loving the anticipation, that almost painful looking forward while holding back.
And her awful shame and self-consciousness and that terrible waiting.

But one day I couldn't wait any more. Not another second.

And Miss Anger knew right away.

I stood up, just stood up in the middle of something she was reading, and she
knew. Her face went suddenly white, and she dropped her book and her voice faded
out. And she stood there shaking. Shaking. And the kids started to murmur, and
the sound got louder, until it was a low anticipatory cry for blood.

And I smiled.

"Miss Anger," I said. "I have a good idea. Why don't you finish teaching this
class on your knees."

Miss Anger stared. Swallowed. The kids went deathly silent. I stood grinning.

"That would be nice," I said. "For us. To see you down on the floor on your
knees. We'd all dig that."

Miss Anger just shook. A thin, pitiful, involuntary sound issued from her
throat. It made my cock hard.

"Miss Anger," I said, and now I put something into my voice that probably made
her think of that morning in Pratt's office. "Go down on your knees. Now."

Miss Anger was shaking harder and the thin moaning sound was louder. And then
with a sob of despair, Miss Anger slowly sank to her knees.

Her skirt was in disarray across her thighs, and automatically she started to
straighten it. "No," I said sharply, making her stiffen. "Don't touch it. It
looks good that way. Now pick up the book, Miss Anger. Go on. Pick it up and go
on reading."

Miss Anger said one word: "Please." The way she said it almost had me spurting
in my pants.

"Would you rather do it with your dress off, Miss Anger?" I said.

Miss Anger went even paler and her head shook from side to side, and I didn't
even think she knew she was doing it, it was moving of its own volition, shaking
no so hard that that silky yellow hair was flying about her stricken face.

"But," I said, "you know you will, don't you? Soon enough. You will, Miss
Anger."

And Miss Anger began to sob.

"Now," I said. "Pick up that book and go on with the class."

And sobbing, Miss Anger groped for the book and picked it up.

With difficulty she found her place. Her hands were shaking so hard that she
could hardly hold on to the book. Then, there on her knees on the dirty
classroom floor in front of all of us, Miss Anger began to read again. Sobbing
as she read. Sobbing so hard that it was almost impossible to hear what she was
reading. But that was all right. Nobody was listening to the words. We were all
listening to her cry.

And looking at our luscious and haughty Miss Anger as she knelt on the hard
floor, knelt in shame and humiliation and horror. And knowing, as she knew, that
this was only the beginning. The first step. Knowing, as Miss Anger knew, that
now it was only a matter of time until she would stand naked in front of the
whole class. Until she would strip for us. Until we would be watching in joy as
Miss Anger crawled for us. And finally-

And the bell rang. Class was over. There was a murmur of disappointment through
the room. But the kids had other classes to go to, and gradually they left.

Miss Anger started to get up, but I said, "No. Stay." And she froze. Many kids
lingered to hear what I was going to say. I said, "Tomorrow, Miss Anger."

"Please," Miss Anger whimpered, looking at me in pleading desperation. "Oh, god,
please-"

I had to restrain myself; I wanted to go to her and whip out my cock and grab
her hair and ram it into her twisting mouth and into her throat until she was
choking on it, and fuck that gorgeous face till she gagged on my come. But I
didn't.

I said, "Tomorrow. You will wear something tight. You understand, Miss Anger? A
dress. A tight, tight, clinging dress. You know. One of those soft wool jobs
that just stick to you all over. You hear me, teacher?"

Miss Anger was sobbing again, or still. I took a step forward.

Hastily, she nodded her head.

"And," I said. "No underwear."

"W-what?" Miss Anger gasped. Her fine big eyes went wide.

"That's right," I said. "You will not put on any underwear. No bra. No panties.
No slip or anything. No stockings. Just you, Miss anger. Just you under your
tight sexy dress. And I mean I want those nipples poking out. I want to see the
folds in your crotch. I want-"

"No!" Miss Anger cried pitifully. "No, god, no, I can't, I can't, don't-"

"You can and you will," I said. "Or Doctor Pratt will know it."

And now the still kneeling young woman sobbed in truth. Her breasts heaved, body
shaking.

"You will do that, won't you?" I said. "Tell me."

"Oh god yes oh god oh no oh yes yes. All right. Yes."

 

Part 17
No students had ever been so anxious to get to school each day as the students
this term at Abraham Lincoln High.

Each day was a treat and a holiday and an adventure. Each morning there was Mr.
Gibbs' class, with Holly as the main attraction. At lunchtime, there was
Gloria's always arousing show in the cafeteria. All day long there was usually
something interesting going on in the halls or the classrooms, some exciting
divertissement involving Gloria or Holly or Joanna or maybe Ginny or whoever.
And now, every afternoon, there was Miss Anger's class. And what a class it was!

I took it very gradually after that first day. The fearful anticipation on Miss
Anger's face each day as she wondered what I had in store for her was too
delicious to lose by opening the whole box all at once. Day by day, bit by bit,
I twisted the screw tighter. It made each new capitulation, each further
fraction of degradation, that much more delightful for us. And torturous for our
teacher. Who, nonetheless, and not without much pleading and crying and
vituperation, did everything I demanded. For she had no way out.

So Miss Anger wore the tight dress. Without underwear. And after that she wore
the short miniskirt I asked for. And the plunging neckline, braless of course.

And then I began making her strip in class.

Not all the way at first. I let her conduct the class topless. Or bottomless.
And all the time Miss Anger knew that day was rapidly approaching when her class
would consist of a different kind of lesson. Lessons she conducted with her
vagina, and her mouth, and her ass. But I was in no particular hurry.

And then one Sunday I got a call from Henry. "Your teacher bird is flying away,"
he said.

"What?"

"Miss Anger. Looks as if she's moving."

"Shit," I said, and I hung up and found Miss Anger in the phone book and ran all
the way to her house. And damned if there wasn't a moving van right in front.
And four guys carrying furniture from the house.

"Hold it," I said. "Stop right now. Put it all back."

"What?" one said. "Who the hell are you?"

"I'll show you," I said, and I strode up to the door and pushed inside and saw
Miss Anger standing in the living room. She saw me and cried out.

"Going someplace?" I said. "Going away, Miss Anger?" And I slapped her as hard
as I could in the face, and then I slapped her again backhand, and then a third
time. Miss Anger fell to the floor and just lay there, crying and moaning.

"That's who I am," I said to the movers. "Now bring all that stuff back in. This
lady's not going anyplace."

"Oh god," Miss Anger sobbed. "Oh dear god."

"What about our pay?" the guy said.

"Here's your pay," I said, and I poked Miss Anger's body with my foot.

"No!" Miss Anger cried in horror.

I hooked my toe under the bottom of her skirt and pushed it up over her curving
legs. "Nice, isn't it?" I said. "How about it? Will she cover your bill?"

"Maybe," the guy said. "If she's good enough."

"Don't worry," I said. And I reached down for Miss Anger's long yellow hair and
pulled on it hard, bringing her to her feet with a shriek of pain. I forced that
beautiful head back and I spit in her face. "Okay, bitch," I said. "You brought
this on yourself. That was dumb, trying to go away. Now you pay." I let go her
hair. "Okay, guys. All yours. Any way you want."

"No!" Miss Anger sobbed. "No no no please you can't no god help me please-"

"Shut up," I said, and hit her again. "Strip," I said. "Strip for us, Miss
Anger. Now."

"Please-" Miss Anger choked. "I can't, I can't, no-"

"Christ," one of the moving guys said. "What a dish! My prick is so hard I'd
like to whip her with it."

"Stubborn twat, isn't she?" the first guy said, his voice thick.

I could tell these guys thought as I did. "Would you like to make her do it?" I
said.

"Hell, yes!" the guy said.

"Okay," I said, and I took hold of Miss Anger and shoved her hard in his
direction. Miss Anger shrieked as she staggered into him.

He grabbed her and twisted an arm up behind her, making her arch her back, and
with his other hand he mauled her breasts. "Come on, baby," he growled. "Do a
strip for us or I'll break your arm."

"Go ahead," another guy said. "Snap it off."

"How about a finger?" I suggested. "Or two or three or four. One at a time. See
how many it takes to get her to do it. That way she can hurt like hell but still
stay conscious."

"Good idea," the guy said. "Hold her hand."

"No!" Miss Anger screamed in terror.

One of them grabbed her hand.

"The left hand," I said. "So she can use the right one to strip with."

"Right." And he got Miss Anger's left hand and the first guy took hold of her
little finger and grinned at her.

"No," Miss Anger babbled, and her voice shook with fright. "No don't don't no
please no-"

And the guy just grinned harder and pushed her finger back, back and back until
it snapped. Miss Anger howled in agony and her body twisted and spasmed, but the
guy still held her hand.

"How about it, baby?" he said. "Will you strip for us now?"

Miss Anger was crying and moaning so hard she couldn't answer, so the guy took
hold of her ring finger and pushed it back.

"No!!" Miss Anger howled, but too late. Snap! And a piercing scream.

Still he held her. "Will you do it?" he said.

"Yes!" Miss Anger screamed desperately. "Yes! Yes! No more! No more god no more!
I will!"

"Okay," I said. "Do it."

The man let her go.

And sobbing, moaning, in terrible pain, her left hand hanging with its twisted
fingers by her side, Miss Anger with her right hand began to unbutton her
blouse. Not looking at any of us, she got it unbuttoned, and with difficulty
pulled it off. Crying with shame and agony, she pushed down her skirt. She had a
good bit of trouble trying to open her bra with one hand, but nobody helped. The
guys whistled as she bared her breasts. And then she slid off the panties with
that good hand and stood naked in front of us.

"Crawl," I said, and we watched avidly as she crawled like a wounded animal,
favoring her painful hand. And crying all the time.

And then they spread Miss Anger out on the floor and went at it.

It went on all day long. All ways. Again and again. With a few variations
involving leather belts and sharp tools and burning cigarettes. We had to stuff
rags in her mouth so no one would try to investigate all that frantic screaming.

And finally I told them to take the trip Miss Anger had scheduled across the
country, but to take her too, and bring her back. So they strung her up by her
wrists in the back of the van and took off. Miss Anger dangled naked and
screaming through her gag in pain and horror as they drove away.

 

Part 18
"Oh god oh god oh you bastard oh I love you oh Jesus god shit I love you, oh you
bastard you filthy shit I love you ohh god I can't stand it I love you oh I hurt
so oh Jesus shit god shit oh I love you I love you stop this don't stop I can't
oh! I love you! Ahhh-"

It was Ginny. We were in my cellar, which I had specially prepared for just such
situations as this. I was sitting near Ginny and listening to what she was
saying with avid curiosity. It is not often you hear a girl tell you she loves
you in a position like the one Ginny was in. Ginny was hanging from my ceiling.
Hanging in an exquisitely painful way, with her wrists lashed together and tied
to one hanging rope, her ankles bound to another, making her body swing in a
straining inverted bow. She was stark naked, arms and legs agonizingly taut with
the weight of her body, lovely breasts dangling and swaying, smooth stomach
rippling with strain. Her head hung down, long brown hair falling. Ginny's
entire body was suffused with perspiration; her breathing was loud and harsh.

She had been like that for two hours.

And that wasn't all. In a small pit in the floor below her, about five feet
below that dangling body, I had built a small fire. Small but hot. I kept that
fire under control, not allowing it to build to a point at which it could
severely damage Ginny's body. But I kept it high enough so that Ginny was always
aware of its rising heat, always rosy with it, always uncomfortable because of
it. And occasionally I would build it up higher. High enough to add to her pain.
High enough to make her howl. High enough to cause that fabulous naked body to
twist frantically against its cruel bonds, to jump and flop around in a way that
made my prick throb and jump almost as much as my yowling Ginny. And I would sit
and watch, watch her flailing and writhing, watch her hair flying around her
tossing head, watch her awful agony until I let the fire die down again, and
Ginny hung limply, gasping, panting, exhausted, and aching in every fiber.

And this had been going on for two hours. Ginny was in a constant state of
overwhelming pain, truly unsupportable pain, pain dominating every muscle, every
bone, every inch of her body and her soul. But this was Ginny, and that
unspeakable agony was also her only wayto ecstasy. And that was why at the same
instant that Ginny screamed out with pain and horror, and with her body's
unstoppable longing to be quit of its torment, her heard and soul was bursting
with incredible love-love for that torment, that all-consuming pain, that
helpless bondage-and for the one who was its cause, its controller, its master
and hers.

"Darling Ginny," I said. "What a liar you are. You'd love anybody who hurt you.
Wouldn't you, you bitch?" And I reached out and gave that taut body a push, just
to set it swaying and to add to its suffering.

"Ahhh," Ginny howled. "Auggghhh! Arrhh! No! No! You! I love you! Oh! Oh god! It
hurts! Oh god! No! Nobody-nobody hurts me like you do. Nobody can. Only you."

"Should I do that again?" I said.

"No! Yes! No! God, oh Jesus oh god I don't I can't oh do it no yes no do it I
you Jesus-"

"I'll do it," I said, and I did it again, only harder.

"Harrr! Hau! Huh! God! I love you! Yes! I love you! Yes! Ohh! God! I can't, I
can't. Oh Jesus-"

"Would you like to come down, Ginny?" I said. "I'm not saying I will, mind you.
But who knows? Maybe I'm tired of watching you this way. Would you like that? To
come down?"

Ginny gave a pitiful cry. "I-oh god I-I do-I do-I can't stand it-god-I-but-I-I
don't-I-"

"You love it," I said.

"Yes! Shit! I do! Oh you rat bastard son of a bitch dirty prick I oh I ah no yes
no! Yes! Ohhh-"

"If you call me bad things, Gin, I'm going to whip you," I said.

Ginny drew in a hissing breath. "Whip me? Like-like this?"

"Yes," I said. "Just like that."

"Whip me," Ginny said, as if in a trance. And then it was a prayer. "Whip me.
Whip me oh god whip me oh Jesus whip me whip me all over whip me whip-"

"Shut up," I said, and I threw more sticks on the fire.

"No!" Ginny screamed involuntarily, and soon she was twisting and flopping and
writhing and yelping. And babbling that she loved me all the time.

At last, when the fire had burned low again, Ginny begged me to let her down.
Begged so piteously, so painfully, that I couldn't stand any more. I got up and
unzipped my pants and brought out my prick. And I stood on a chair right in
front of Ginny's face and I held her head up by her hair and I stuck my stiff
cock all the way into that twisting mouth and let her blow me, fucking her mouth
and throat and pulling out only to shoot my loud into that lovely face, until it
was dripping with my copious fluid.

I got down and again Ginny begged, crying now, to come down.

"No," I said. "Stay that way!"

Ginny's wail was part horror, part despair-and part love.

"All day," I said.

"God," Ginny whispered.

"You know," I said, "I'm having a party tonight. A big party.

Lots of kids. You're invited, Ginny. In fact, you can be the entertainment.
Won't that be something?"

"You-you-" Ginny croaked.

"So," I said, "you might as well stay right where you are. I mean, you don't
have to change or anything. You look great. And think how you'll look by
tonight. What a hit you'll make!"

"I can't," Ginny moaned.

"You will," I said.

"You dirty-"

I reached for her tits and took those dangling pink nipples in my fingers.
Pinching them hard, I pulled downward, elongating those firm round breasts,
stretching them and their nipples agonizingly, and adding to the straining,
pain-inducing weight of that body against the cutting, bone-wracking bonds.

"Don't!" Ginny shrieked. "No! Don't oh god stop stop nooh oh oh

Jesus god-"

"Shall I?" I said. "Shall I stop?"

"No! No! AHAHAHOHOHOHOHARHARHAUGH No stop god AUGH! Bastard you I love it augh
oh yes kill me AU I can't-take-I-oh-do it do it do it I love you hurt me I love
it do it fuck me kill me do it ARRRGH!"

I gave her tits a particularly hard pull and a vicious final pinch, and I let go
and went upstairs.

Ginny hung there all day. I could hear her moaning loudly as I got ready for my
party.

Ginny was a big hit as I had said. She hung there most of the night too. And she
got her wish-she was whipped. Mercilessly. And finally she was cut down to be
spread out and fucked by all the kids over and over. And when they all left next
morning, I put Ginny back up there as she sobbed and howled that she loved me.

 

Part 19
"Jolly jouncing jiggling juddering gyrating Joanna. With the juicy jellylike
jugs. Joanna jogs my gism."

"Not him," Joanna said, but not with any real hope. "God, not him."

"Now, now," I said. "Henry's no worse than I am. I'll hurt you just as much as
he will. Possibly more. And I'm going to enjoy it just as much, too. Probably
more."

"I know," Joanna said in that same hopeless tone. "You're both alike. Awful
sadistic monsters. Sick pain-loving bastards."

"Joanna," I said. "Take off your clothes."

"Not him," Joanna said. "I'll do anything. Oh god."

"Why bother?" I said. "You know it's dumb. You know I'm not going to send Henry
away. You know why you're here. Don't you, Joanna? You're here to give us
pleasure. Both of us. To entertain us. With your pain. And your screams. And
your tender young body. Both of us. You know that, don't you, Joanna?"

Joanna had tried to put up a brave front, but now it was starting to crumble.
Her pretty face was pale. "I-yes," she whispered.

"Jerry-look-"

"Apologize to Henry," I said. "You hurt his feelings."

"Right," Henry said. "Hurting Henry. How hard. Henry will have to hurt back.
Horrible howling hurt."

"I-I'm sorry," Joanna said abjectly. All that bravado had quickly dissipated,
and had left a very frightened young girl. "I'm really sorry. I-I apologize.
Don't-don't-" But she knew it was no use to ask us not to hurt her. As I had
said, that was why she was there.

"Joanna," I said. "I told you to take off your clothes. What are you waiting
for?"

"I can't," Joanna said shakily.

"What?"

Joanna suddenly went down on her knees.

"Please," she said piteously. "Jerry, please. Look, I'm begging you. I'm
begging. I'll do anything for you. Both of you. Anything. God, I-I...just tell
me what you want me to do and I'll do it, I swear I will, I swear it, you don't
have to hurt me, Jerry, for god's sake, you've hurt me enough, you've hurt me so
much, so many times, you've made me scream and crawl and oh dear god don't any
more you can do whatever you want just please I-I'll scream for you, I'll crawl,
I'll beg, I'll suck your cocks, I'll lick out your ass, I-I'll be your slave,
don't oh god oh no oh no oh my god-" Joanna was babbling frantically, but she
finally ran down as she saw that Henry and I were just standing there grinning
at her. And she burst into sobs of despair and terror.

Actually, Joanna had known from the beginning that it was no use.

That what we wanted from her was her agony. But the prospect of such pain is not
easily dealt with.

And now, crying and shaking, Joanna took off her clothes. Still on her knees,
because she didn't have the strength to stand up.

But in another two minutes she was standing all right. Standing very straight.
On her toes. Because her toes were the only part of her that could touch the
floor. As she hung by her wrists. Hanging that way, wrists bound tight together
high over her head, that fantastic round body was a taut, straining line. From
her twisting, clutching hands to her painfully stretching, aching arms to her
agonizingly pulled shoulders to her heaving chest to her round, high, buoyant
and out-thrust breasts, to her flat, stretching torso to her smooth soft stomach
to her gorgeously curving hips to her brown-haired beckoning crotch to her
marvellous shapely thighs to her sculpted, taut, strain-rippling calves to her
straining, reaching feet, Joanna was a fabulously, erotically enticing sight to
drool over.

"Beautiful," Henry said. "It's always so exciting this way. To take the strain
off her toes she has to hang by her wrists, and the pain is so bad she has to
stand on her toes again. No break in the pain. I do enjoy that."

"Hold on," I said. "I have a new wrinkle today."

"Oh?" Henry said.

"Look at what's under her feet," I said.

"Ahah," Henry said. "It's a metal plate. What could this portend?"

"It heats up," I said. "Electrically."

"Wow!" Henry said. "Yes! Christ! Do it!"

Joanna got the idea also, and she let out a cry of horror. "No!" she howled. "No
god no please please-"

"Heat," Henry said. "Horrible hot heat to hurt her ho ho."

"Okay," I said. "I'm turning it on," and I did.

Joanna began to whimper with fearful anticipation. The metal plate heated up
rapidly.

"Watch," I said. "Watch her dance."

"Yes!" Henry said. "Oh, yeah! Dance, baby. Dance for us. That's it. Dance!"

And Joanna danced. As the metal got red-hot, she pulled herself up with a
shriek, holding her legs high as she hung her weight on her wrists. But the pain
of the cruel rope cutting into her flesh, and the strain in her tiring thighs
forced her to lower those curvaceous limbs. And from then on Joanna danced for
us, a frantic, screaming, kicking, agonizing and cock-stiffeningly erotic dance
of pain, her body twisting wildly, breasts bouncing and rolling, hair flying
about her thrashing head as she desperately hopped from one foot to the other,
yowling with torment as she burned her toes on hot metal, writhing and squirming
and abrading her bound wrists by hanging on the rope as both sexy legs kicked
uncontrollably in air. Yelling and screaming with pain and torture. It was a
sight to see. And Henry and I watched. Watched until Joanna's wild gyrations had
that fine body running with sweat, until her throat was hoarse and raw with
screaming and howling and pleading, until she was gasping and panting and
struggling for breath, but unable to stop that awful, wonderful, horrible,
fantastically stimulating dance of pain.

And then I walked up to Joanna and took my clothes off and stood right in front
of that twisting, frantic body, straddling the hot metal plate. With a desperate
cry, Joanna lunged that body at me and clutched at me with her flailing,
strain-wracked legs, wrapping them tightly around my thighs in a frantic effort
to use my body to allow her to keep her toes off that burning floor and the
weight of her body off those painfully cutting ropes. I grinned and took a small
step forward, allowing her to clamp me more tightly with those thighs and press
that voluptuous body harder to mine. I gloried in the sensation of that whole
sexy wriggling twisting body against me, those hard firm breasts rolling against
my chest, soft smooth thighs clutching my hips.

Joanna cried out as I took my stiff, throbbing prick and positioned it at her
pussy; but I said, "Fuck me, Joanna. Fuck me good or by god I'll go away and let
you stay here for the day."

So Joanna took me into her squirming, jouncing cunt and I fucked that clutching,
twisting, jerking body joyfully as she sobbed and cried and hated it all, and
held onto my body for all she was worth.

"I'll fuck her too," Henry said. "In the ass."

"Later," I said. "Right now I want you to whip her."

"No!" Joanna screamed.

"Yes. Whip you while I'm fucking you. Or do you want me to stop?"

"No! God no!"

"Okay. Tell Henry to whip you."

"Ahh! Whip me!" Joanna howled, and Henry did so hard and happily and I fucked
that pain-maddened body as the whip slashed into her.

 

Part 20
I found Judy just where Roy had said I would. In his kitchen.

Judy was from Cincinnati, and she was on a visit to Roy and his family. "But,"
Roy said, "my cousin told me to get rid of her. It's a contract. A family thing.
She has to be hit. So young too. Just a kid. So you do it, okay? I'm going away.
No hurry. Have fun with her first. All you want. I don't give a shit what you do
to her. That's your thing. Just so you hit her afterwards."

"I don't do that," I said.

So Roy showed me a picture of her. I took one look and said okay.

Roy gave me his key. "In the kitchen. She'll be waiting for you.

Have a ball."

So I was in Roy's apartment and in his kitchen and there was Judy. Sitting on a
wooden table, at one end. Her arms were stretched high above her head, straight
up, each wrist tied with rope hanging from the ceiling. Her thighs were spread
apart and each ankle lashed to a table leg at the corners. A dish towel was
stuffed into her mouth and another one was tied around her head to keep it in
place.

"Oh shit," I said. Because that photograph had not said it all.

Not hardly. This was about the most gorgeous girl I had ever seen. Lovely.
Young. Helpless. Judy's wide eyes were bright clear blue. Very long red-blonde
hair hung down her back to her waist. Her skin was porcelain. Her thrusting
breasts begged to be touched. A body that couldn't quit if it wanted to. And
what I could see of her legs had me drooling. And Judy was all mine, sitting in
that mouth-watering position, helplessly waiting. Mine. No limit to what I could
do to her.

"Shit," I said. And then I said, "Do you know what I'm going to do to you?"

Judy just looked at me. Sat there with her raised arms and her wide eyes and her
spread sexy legs and her high, full, thrusting breasts and looked at me. And
then, slowly, she nodded.

It shook me up.

"I doubt that," I said. I found a long sharp knife in a drawer.

"I'm going to take that gag off," I said. "Don't make any noise. Or I'll kill
you. Understand?"

Judy nodded again. I undid the gag and pulled the towel out of her mouth. The
girl was still better looking without it. She worked her mouth a bit, but said
nothing.

I said, "What am I going to do to you?"

Judy said, "You're going to kill me."

"That's right," I said. "Aren't you scared?"

"Yes," Judy said.

"That's not all I'm going to do," I said.

"I know," Judy said.

"What did Roy say about me?" I said.

"You like to hurt girls," Judy said.

"A lot," I said. "How do you feel about that?"

"I'm frightened," Judy said.

"You're pretty damn calm about it," I said.

"I'm not," Judy said. "But I can't stop you, can I?"

"Most girls would cry and moan and beg me not to do it," I said.

"Why don't you?"

"It wouldn't do any good," Judy said. "You'd do it anyway."

"You're tough," I said.

"No, I'm not," Judy said. "I'm afraid. I don't want to die."

"Too bad," I said. "Do you want to be hurt?"

"No," Judy said.

"I'm going to hurt you, Judy," I said. "I'm going to hurt you very badly."

"I know," Judy said.

"And I'm going to rape you," I said.

"I know," Judy said.

"And then I'm going to kill you," I said.

"I know," Judy said.

God, she was something. I was trying to break her down.

"First," I said, "I'm going to strip you, Judy. Cut all your clothes off and
strip you naked."

Judy said nothing.

"Then I'm going to whip the hell out of you," I said. "Whip you to ribbons.
Front and back."

Still Judy said nothing.

"Then," I said. "I'm going to start burning you. All over. With lit cigarettes.
On your body." I thought I saw her quiver. "Especially on your breasts, Judy," I
said. "You have terrific breasts, it looks like. I'll know better once I get
them naked, but I'll bet anything that they're just gorgeous, all high and round
and firm and creamy with cute pink nipples. And I bet they're tender, too. Well,
Judy, I'm going to just ruin those fine titties. I'm going to burn them so much
that they'll look like a couple of old ash heaps. Think how that's going to
feel, Judy."

Still Judy didn't say anything, but I saw a flicker of fright in her eye, and
her mouth trembled in spite of her. "And then-" I said.

"Bastard," Judy said.

I smiled at her. "Scared now?" I said.

"I told you I was," Judy said. "Do it if you're going to. Do it.

Get your kicks and then kill me and get it over."

"Not so fast, Judy," I said. "It's going to last a long time. A long, long
time."

Judy said nothing. I reached out and put a hand on her breast and felt it for a
while, and then I clamped my fingers on it and squeezed as hard as I could,
watching Judy's face. Judy clamped her jaw and pressed her lips together, but as
I crushed harder a thin moaning sound forced itself from her tight mouth and a
tear came to her eye.

My cock was aching.

So I cut her clothes off. Slowly, baring that exquisite body inch by inch. Till
Judy was naked. And beautiful. I didn't want to kill her. But I would. Much
later.

"I was right about your tits, Judy," I said. "Looking at them practically makes
me come. But that's for later. Right now I want to hurt them. By burning the
shit out of them. Now." And I lit a cigarette.

Judy said, with just a hint of a quaver in her voice, "You'd better gag me
first. Or I'll probably scream."

"I don't want to," I said.

"Please gag me," Judy said. "I'm afraid I'll scream and you'll kill me."

"Then don't scream," I said. "Okay?" And then I put my cigarette to that
fantastic alabaster breast and put it out on her nipple. But slowly, very
slowly, kissing her skin and caressing it with the glowing tip and touching it
all around and finally grinding it out into her flesh, twisting slowly,
painfully, ecstatically.

Judy jerked and squirmed beautifully, and she said: "NNGGHHHGGHARRRKHGGG
HUNHKKHUNHGHUNNH AUGHHARRK ANGHUNGHUNGHUNGGGHHH UHK UHK UHK HAHH HAUHH
AURRGGGHHH."

"That was just one," I said.

"Kill me," Judy said.

"You know I won't-for a while," I said.

"I know," Judy said hopelessly.

"Kiss me," I said and I put my mouth on hers and burned her again as she
screamed into my mouth.

After I burned Judy some more I cut her hands loose and lay her back on the
table and got on top of that young luscious juicy pain-filled body and fucked it
for an hour.

I stayed in Roy's apartment for four days and nights. Hurting Judy. Fucking
Judy. Whipping her and burning her and sticking my cock down her throat. And her
ass.

Judy had the softest lips I know. Her sucking was so good that while it was
going on I didn't want to do anything else, even hurt her. So Judy would suck my
cock for hours, because that was the only time I wasn't hurting her. Even while
fucking her I would be burning her curvy legs or whipping her ass. And I would
remind her I was going to kill her.

"I know," Judy would say.

I think I was in love with her.

One day I found a bottle of sleeping pills in Roy's bathroom and mixed them all
into a glass of water and told Judy to drink it. Judy knew this was it. But it
was that or the knife. Her hand shook as she drank it all. And I got on top of
her and fucked her and fucked her until she fell asleep and I came into her and
then I stayed there inside her until she was dead.

Then I left and went to school.

 

Part 21
I was pissed. I didn't want to kill Judy. I liked hurting girls, not killing
them. I was pissed at Roy and mostly at myself, but I was pissed.

And I was going to damn well take it out on somebody.

I saw Holly in the hall. Holly," I said. "You're in for it tonight. But good."

Holly almost shit her pants.

"Bring Henry," I said. "And be naked when you get there. I'm not wasting any
time."

Holly wanted to beg, but was too scared, and anyway she could tell it would only
make things worse.

That night I was waiting in the cellar and Holly brought Henry down. She was
naked. So was I. Soon Henry was too.

"Hokay," Henry said. "Henry's here with Holly. Henry's hot for Holly too. How
about hurting Holly so Holly howls and Henry humps her. How heavenly."

"Shut up," I said. "If you cut that crap out, Henry, I promise you the greatest
fuck you ever had in your life. Absolutely. The best fuck of all time. I
guarantee it. Is it a deal?"

"Hoday!" Henry said. "What's it all about?"

"Remember what I did to Joanna?" I said.

"God," Henry said. "That chick was hanging on to you and humping you to beat the
band and screaming and howling for me to whip her. You kept her at it and you
made her keep asking me to whip her again and again, and she did, Jesus, just so
she wouldn't have to-"

"Right," I said. "And it's still there."

"So it is," Henry said. "I take it Holly is going to get a taste of it too."

"Bet your ass," I said. "Holly-on the floor."

Holly didn't know what was going on but she was scared shitless anyhow. She got
down and I laid her out on her back. I tied her wrists together and pulled her
arms back ove her head and tied them off. Holly lay with arms stretched back,
pulling her beautiful breasts up to attention, shaking in anticipation of she
knew not what.

But Henry did. Because Holly's fine round buttocks were resting on the metal
plate in the floor.

"Oh Jesus Christ shit!" Henry said. "That's brilliant! Oh shit! What a ride this
will be!"

"Right," I said. "Now the only question is, should I splay her legs out and peg
them down, or should I leave them free. What do you think?"

"Uh-huh," Henry said. "If you tie them you'll get all that wonderful pulling and
straining and struggling and rippling muscles and helpless-Okay. But-if you
don't, Christ, think of how Holly can wrap those damn things around a guy and
shit, it would be some fucking ride! Leave them."

"Hell," I said. "Maybe I'll try it both ways."

"Am I first?" Henry said.

"Go," I said. "Spread, Holly."

Holly still didn't know what was going to happen to her, but she obediently
spread her gorgeous legs and Henry got down and lay on top of her and rammed his
cock up her pussy.

"Great cunt, Holly," he said. "Okay, captain. Blast her off."

"Right," I said, and turned the switch. And it started. The plate heated up. And
Holly's eyes got wide and terrified and she shook her head and started to say
something, but by then the metal was red hot and Holly began to scream.

And, as I had said, Henry got the greatest fuck of his life. He lay there on top
of her, his weight holding her down, keeping her buttocks positioned unescapably
above that burning metal square, as Holly's body did everything in its power to
get away from that terrible burning, searing, flesh-branding agony. As Henry had
said, Holly wrapped her legs frantically around him, trying to use his body as
leverage, arching like an epileptic underneath him, arching desperately again
and again and falling back under his weight, straining every muscle and fiber in
her sensuous body to raise it from the floor or pull it away from that horror,
rolling wildly from side to side, tossing, bucking, squirming, twisting,
writhing, flailing, gyrating, that body never still, bouncing, jouncing,
spasming, doing anything to try to avoid the burning metal, but inexorably being
forced back onto it, and all this time Holly was screaming and howling and
yelling and shrieking and squalling and yowling, and Henry was just in pig
heaven. Until finally Holly's maddened, desperate tossings and twistings
overcame his control and he shot everything he had into that pain-wracked body.

I turned the heat off. But Henry still lay on top of Holly, pressing her
tortured ass down on the metal until it was cool again, letting Holly clutch him
with her thighs and howl her lungs out.

"Your turn," Henry said.

"I want more," I said.

"No more," Holly whimpered, sobbing and crying.

"More," I said. "Worse."

Holly was petrified.

"I want her spread-eagled," I said. "Spread out flat. Tight and flat. So she
can't move. On her stomach."

"Okay," Henry said. "I'll do it."

"And," I said, "I want that plate under her tits."

"Christ!" Henry said.

Holly screamed. "No! No! Oh god no please no god no not that please god Jerry
no, no, please Jerry not that, I can't, no, I can't, I can't, not that way, oh
please please Jerry no you can't oh god please don't please please don't no oh
Jesus no I'll do anything please not that not that god please-"

And I took my whip and scourged her body as Henry was tying her in place. And
then I sat on the floor between Holly's outspread arms and I took her long dark
silky hair and pulled her sobbing face up to look at me.

"Holly," I said. "You're going to suck my cock. Suck it off and swallow my gism.
Got it?"

"Please-" Holly gasped.

"You know how I like it, Holly," I said. "Nice and slow. Slow and loving and
sensuous. Lots of tongue. Deep and soft. Okay?"

Holly nodded, terror flashing in her eyes.

"Nice and slow," I said again. "And when you make me come, Holly, when you take
my stuff into your sucking mouth and swallow it all down like a good little slut
whore, then I'll turn off the nasty heat. You got that, Holly?"

Holly moaned with horror. "Please, Jerry," she choked out. "Don't don't I can't
don't-"

"You better," I said, "or I'll keep you this way till your tits are burned right
off. Now suck!" I pushed Holly's head into my crotch and jammed my prick all the
way to its base into that writhing mouth. "Turn it on," I said, and Henry did.

In a minute Holly was screaming horribly around my cock, her mouth twisting and
contorting with agony, while that voluptuous, straining, spread-eagled body
pulled and jerked and wriggled helplessly against its cruel bindings.

"Slowly," I said, but Holly couldn't hear me. Holly was out of her mind with
pain, her round breasts mashed under her body, crushed inescapably against that
burning metal plate, those hard nipples spearing directly into the pain, and as
I held her head down on my cock I went crazy with the sensations of Holly's
twisting lips and squirming tongue and the terrible howling, crying sounds
vibrating around my cock. I stood it as long as I could, and then shot hard into
that sweet screaming throat.

 

Part 22
And now at last it was the big day.

The last day of school.

Gloria's day.

No one stayed home that day. Certainly nobody of the male persuasion. All
morning you could almost hear the hum of excitement througuout the building.

I thought all morning long of Gloria, sitting in class, walking through the
halls, knowing what was coming. And all the people around her, watching her,
knowing. How exquisite it was! I wanted a look at Gloria that morning, but I was
too busy. Arranging things.

At lunchtime the cafeterial was packed. Practically everybody in school was in
that room, students and faculty. Waiting. Holding their breath with
anticipation. It was obvious there would be no classes that afternoon. The term
was going to end right there in the lunchroom. With the biggest, longest bang
anyone had ever participated in. It was going to be an orgy to end all orgies.

For it was not only Gloria who would provide our entertainment. I had set out a
truly varied feast. There was Holly, of course. I had her hanging by her wrists
in one corner. And there was Joanna, kneeling on the floor with her arms and
legs lashed to a table leg. And there was Ginny, my college girl, who I had
instructed to crawl around among the audience, sucking anybody who would let
her. Also, there was Jill, Dr. Pratt's nubile and no longer virginal daughter,
whom Pratt had brought screaming and struggling into school, and whom I had
bound sitting on a table in the position in which I had found Judy, arms high,
legs wide, and gagged, so that her frantic howling would not detract too much
from our party. And finally there was our dear teacher, Miss Anger-Rachel-back
from her long and painful journey, standing in another corner, on her toes, tied
to the ceiling by that long yellow hair, hands lashed behind her, voluptuous
body straining and writhing.

All of these sideshows were appreciated, and all of them would be thoroughly
enjoyed by many of the spectators in the course of the long afternoon. But
naturally, the main attraction, the center of attention, the reason why all this
was happening in the fist place-was Gloria. My beautiful blonde Gloria, who most
of these people had watched day after day, naked, humiliated, degraded, debased.
And yet on this day it was as if they were to see it for the first time. As of
course in certain particulars was the case. Nobody had seen Gloria fucked.
Except me. Nobody had fucked her. Except me. And today-as I had said from the
beginning many months ago-today was the day everybody got to fuck Gloria.

And they couldn't wait.

It was exactly noon when Gloria came through the door.

And stopped, going swiftly pale at the size of the crowd.

But though it was the biggest crowd of all, there was not a sound in that room.

Absolute silence.

I saw Gloria almost turn and run. I saw her struggling with that notion, saw her
recall what would happen if she did. Saw the utter hopeless despair in her face
and her body.

It was the moment of my triumph.

I stood up.

"As usual, Gloria," I said.

Gloria looked at me once. Just once.

And then she took off her clothes.

It was like the very first time. No. It was better.

I waited until Gloria was naked. She looked at me again, across the room. I just
nodded.

And Gloria, with only a tiny moment of hesitation, got down on her knees. Then
on all fours. And the crowd parted as if by Moses' rod, clearing a path the
length of that room between Gloria and me. And Gloria, once again, crawled
across that floor, crawled slowly past all those silent, watching men-and
women-crawled to my feet, and stopped.

"All right, Gloria," I said. "You don't have to suck anybody today. Not right
now, anyway. You've already sucked off everybody in school. And now they all get
to fuck you. I promised they would. Remember, Gloria?"

Gloria nodded, head bowed.

"Answer me," I said.

"Yes," Gloria said chokingly.

"Okay," I said. "Do you want to say anything now, Gloria? Before you fuck for
all of us? Do you?"

"No," Gloria whispered.

"Okay," I said. "Get up, Gloria."

Gloria had some difficulty getting up, because she was shaking so bad her legs
would barely hold her. I waited though.

"On the table, Gloria," I said. "Lie down. On your back."

I had to help her onto the table. I think Gloria was about to ask me for mercy,
but she saw how futile that would be. With a tiny sob she lay down.

"Spread, Gloria," I said.

Gloria obeyed.

"I'm going to make it easier for you," I said, and I brought out my ropes. "So
you won't have to worry about falling off."

"No," Gloria said. "Don't tie me."

"Darling Gloria," I said, and I tied her spread-eagled on that hard yellow
table, lashing each wrist and ankle to a corner leg, stretching that fabulous
body as tight as I could, making her fantastic breasts thrust up and out, pink
nipples staring at the ceiling, and pulling those mouth-watering curving legs so
far apart that the tendons rippled fascinatingly under that smooth flesh with
the strain.

Tears were running from Gloria's eyes.

I put one hand lovingly on that helpless body and said, "All right. Who's
first?"

Dr. Pratt stepped forward. "As principal of Abraham Lincoln High School," he
said, "I believe I have that honor."

"Absolutely," I said, and moved aside.

Dr. Pratt took his pants off for Gloria. He put his hands on her breasts and
squeezed hard, and then thrust into her with one brutal lunge. Gloria gave a cry
as though her virginity had been ripped away. And maybe in a way it had. Anyhow
Pratt screwed the hell out of her.

And then, by order of rank, came the other faculty members and instructors, Mr.
Gibbs of course among them.

After that, it was the students' turn. I had planned to have them go at Gloria
alphabetically, but it was finally decided they would all draw lots. So
everybody had his number and it was relatively orderly. One after another,
everybody fucked Gloria. Some took longer, some shorter, some were rough, others
gentle, but they all had her.

It went on all afternoon, hour after hour, and all the time it was going on I
was standing there watching. Watching Gloria take it. I kept her aware, too.
Aware of the fact that that beautiful, straining body was being callously raped,
over and over again. And aware that I was watching, loving her shame and her
pain and her suffering and her helplessness, loving every minute of it. Smiling
down on her as her mass rape went endlessly on.

Most of the crowd, when they had finished with Gloria, amused themselves with
Holly and Joanna and Ginny and Jill and Rachel Anger. Their screams and
pleadings filled the room.

It was a terrific party, and it went on until it was dark. But finally they all
left and Gloria and I were alone. I was the only one who hadn't fucked Gloria
that day.

"Gloria," I said. "It was marvellous! And it will be better next term."

"No!" Gloria gasped. "I'm graduating!"

"Wrong," I said. "I fixed it with Pratt."

"No! No!"

"You have an alternative," I said.

"What?"

"Marry me."

Gloria nodded and began to cry and I fucked her.




TIM WANTS YOUR SISTER
By V.P. Viddler

"Tim's going to tie me up tonight."

"Oh, Gloria!"

"That turns you on, doesn't it?"

"Christ, of course it does!"

"Well, think about it."

"I am, god, I am! How is he going to tie you?"

"Tightly. Very tightly."

"Oh, you bitch! I mean--"

"I know. But I can't tell you that. It's always a big surprise to me. But I'll
tell you what."

"What?"

"If you're nice to me, I'll call you up and tell you all about it."

"What? You mean while--"

"Right. While I'm all tied up and everything. Maybe I'll be naked, too."

"Oh Jesus!"

"Would you dig that, Harry? Would you like having me call you on the phone, all
tied and helpless, and stark staring naked? Hmmm?"

"Gloria--oh Christ I--I--"

"Why, Harry, I'll bet you're hard already. Aren't you?"

"Damn it, Gloria!"

"Just thinking about that. Are you hard, Harry?"

"Yes!"

"I knew it. But just imagine how hard it will be when I call you tonight."

"But--how can you call me if you'll be all tied up?"

"Oh, that's all right. Tim will help me. Tim likes to watch me do things like
that when he's got me in his power. It turns him on to watch me turning somebody
else on."

"I want to watch too!"

"Sorry, Harry. Tim wants me all to himself--physically, that is. Anyway, you'll
enjoy it when I call you. You'll probably masturbate while I talk to you,
thinking about my naked body, all bound up and helpless--"

"Shit! I wish I could see it."

"I'll tell you all about it, Harry. All about how I look. And how I'm
positioned. Maybe Tim will tie my hands behind my back. That makes my breasts
stand out. It gives him good access to them. With his hands. And with anything
else he wants to use on them."

"Jesus!"

"Or--maybe I'll be spread-eagled on his bed. All stretched out, with my body
tight as a drum, my arms and legs taut and straining as the ropes pull them
apart. That way--"

"Damn! Gloria! Shit!"

"Don't come in your pants, Harry."

"You goddam teasing--"

"And sometimes Tim will hang me by my hair. I stand in the middle of the room
and he lashes my hair to the light fixture. Just tight enough to make me stand
up on my toes. That's torture! I can't stay on my toes all the time, and if I
relax my hair pulls at my scalp and I go crazy! Tim loves to watch that. He
loves to hear me gasping and whimpering and pleading with him. He leaves my
hands free so that when I get desperate enough I'll take my clothes off for him.
Yes, I strip myself naked in front of him, and all the time I'm wriggling and
twisting and squirming and writhing--"

"Gloria--I want to--"

"I know, Harry. But you can't."

"Just a--"

"No. But I'll call you up, Harry. I'll tell you all about it. I'll take my
clothes off as I'm talking to you. I'll let Tim whip me while I'm talking to
you. And you can listen to me screaming and howling and yelping. Wouldn't you
like that?"

"Tim--whipping you--"

"Whipping me all over my bound and naked body. Whipping me hard, making me howl
into the phone. You can jerk off as you listen to my screams. Jerk off with my
agonized yelling in your ear, the vision of my body in front of your eyes. My
breasts and my thighs and my ass--jumping and thrashing under Tim's whip--"

"I can't stand this!"

"But you have to be nice, Harry, or I won't call you up at all."

"What? What can I--"

"Tim wants your sister."

"Tim wants--"

"Tim wants your darling little sister Myrna."

"Why?"

"To hurt her, of course."

"I can't--"

"Can't you?"

"Myrna."

"Is she a virgin?"

"I don't--"

"You might find out."

"You mean--Christ!"

"Myrna's a sensuous little thing."

"My sister!"

"Naked."

"She is built. I always wondered--"

"Naked and spread eagled."

"Shit!"

"Twisting and squirming."

"All right. If I can have her."

"What fun!"

"But you have to call me."

"I'll tell you all the details. I'll tell you how Tim is making my out-thrust
nipples stand up--for the whip. I'll gasp out how much my wide-open body is
hurting. I'll let Tim hold the phone to his crotch as he makes me go down on
him. You can listen to me sucking his cock, all my gasps and gurgles and gulps
as Tim jams himself into my throat and shoots that stuff all over my face and
I'll swallow it so you can hear me swallowing and swallowing and crying and
sobbing and Harry what do you think you're--wait, wait-- wait--Harry--all right,
all right, don't pull my hair, please, don't pull so hard. All right. Wait.
Don't pinch it, no--I'll do it, all right, Harry, I'll do it, okay, I'm going
down, I'm going down, yes. I'll pull my skirt up. Here. Harry. Hit me. Crush me.
Spread my thighs apart. I'll lay for you, I'll fuck and suck and call you
tonight DARLING!"...




THE TRAITOR
By V.P. Viddler

Physically they couldn't touch me; but psychologically they could do anything
they wanted. And psychologically I was an open book to them now. My personality,
my character, my needs, my lusts -- anything they could work on.

Waiting in my cell, I knew it was coming. Lust is always the weak spot. And if
you find a man's particular, individual, most deep-seated kind of lust, you've
got him. Or so they thought. It was my job to show that they were wrong.

I must not give in. Although it would be so easy. And bring me freedom. Wealth.
Security. And satisfaction of lust. But I would not be a traitor. I would not
divulge that so crucial bit of information, which my captors wanted so badly
that they would go to any lengths to attain it. I waited, knowing this test
would be the worst of all.

The girl who came into the room was, not surprisingly, exactly the kind of woman
I would have drawn on for my most intensely erotic fantasies. Young, not more
than twenty. Fairly tall, but not too much. Dark brown hair, long, straight,
supple as it hung down past her shoulders. A truly lovely face, delectable
features. Soft brown eyes. Smooth skin. A soft, full- lipped, slightly pouting
mouth. Wearing a thin blue sweater top, snug around her breasts, showing the
small button shapes of nipples poking out of the cloth. And a short black skirt.
If she wore any makeup at all, it was totally inconspicuous. A figure that was
amazingly sensuous, curvy, shapely -- without being vulgarly voluptuous. Her
breasts were upstanding, round, mouth- watering against that clinging top, but
not out of proportion to her body. And her legs, stockingless, were long, so
long and curvy below that skirt, supple, lissome, ripply calves, luscious,
gorgeous, breathtaking thighs.

A girl of my dreams.

Oh, they were good, all right.

But I hadn't seen anything yet. The girl stood just outside of my cell, giving
me an unobstructed view of her through the bars. "I am Jan," the girl said. A
soft but clear voice, with no hint of accent. An American? But how -- And then,
with a suddenness, a docility, and a submissive grace which took my breath away,
she sank down to her knees on the hard, cold floor.

I knew at that moment that they had found it all inside me. And were about to
use it. No matter who or what stood in the way. I had to put up a fight, and I
had to start now.

"Look," I said, "it's no good. I mean that. I'm not going to give them what they
want. That's all. I can't. I just can't. So don't bother to do anything. You're
awfully attractive, you're certainly tempting, but I can't. All right?"

The girl -- Jan -- didn't move. "Do you know what they will do to me if you
don't?" she said.

"No," I said. "And it doesn't matter. I can't do it, and that's it."

"Do you know what they will do to me?" Jan said again. "They will torture me.
They will torture me horribly, in all the ways they know. And they will not stop
until you tell them."

"Why?" I said. "Do they think that pity for you will make me talk? That's --"

"No," Jan said. "They think my pain will arouse you. That you will find my agony
so exciting that you will do anything to have me."

"Oh," I said. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."

"If you tell them, you will spare me that," Jan said. "You will probably save my
life. I will be most grateful. If you do that, you can have me anyway. Right
now."

"I'm sorry," I said. "It's a tempting offer, and I would certainly wish to avoid
any suffering you may be forced to undergo; but I can't do that. Nothing at all
will make me do that. Not pity for you, not lust for your body, and not arousal
at your pain. Nothing."

"Listen," Jan said. "Just listen to me. Please. Think of anything you'd like to
do to a woman. Anything. Think of everything you'd like a woman to do to you.
Things you've never done, things you could never ask a woman to do. Evil things.
Filthy things. Unthinkable things. Anything. I'll do it for you. I'll do it all.
Anything. Anything at all, anything you want. I swear it. I'll do things you can
only dream about. As much as you want. I don't care what it takes, I don't care
what I have to do. I'll do it. Please. I'm begging you. For my life, for my
sanity. If I have to submit to their torture, I can't do it. Please. Anything
you want. Anything. Please. For god's sweet sake, please."

"Jan," I said. "I can't say how sorry I am. But I can't help you. I can't and I
won't turn traitor. Not for anything."

Jan said nothing for a long time, but knelt there, swaying slightly, and, it
looked to me, trying to stay calm. I saw her swallow. At last she took a long,
quivering breath, and got slowly to her feet.

"In that case," Jan said, "I must prepare myself, in compliance with my orders."
And, slowly but deliberately, Jan began to take off her clothes. Facing me as
she did.

I almost cried out with arousal as Jan pulled that tight sweater off over her
head, baring her breasts. Naked above the waist, Jan stood and let me look my
full at those high, luscious, quivering, pink-nippled breasts.

Now Jan unbuttoned that short sexy skirt, unzipping it, and letting it fall
around her feet. Showing all of those legs, those fantastically enticing thighs.
Now Jan slowly took her panties off. And stood naked.

My throat was dry. That body. God, but I wanted it. But I said nothing. Now Jan
took off the watch on her wrist. And a pin from her hair. And a ring from her
finger. "I must take off everything," Jan said. "They want nothing on my body.
Nothing but my nakedness."

"You're beautiful," I couldn't help saying.

"Thank you," Jan said. Slowly, she turned for me, showing me her body from all
angles. "If you wish to change your mind," Jan said. "You still can. Please.
This is the last chance. I'll be good for you. I'll be so good. Anything.
Please. Oh god, please."

"I'm sorry," I said. I wanted to turn away from her, but I couldn't; I was too
fascinated by that body, and by what she was doing now.

I thought I saw tears, but, blinking them back, Jan moved slowly to a small
table on one side. And picked up what lay on it -- a glittering pair of metal
handcuffs. My throat caught. As Jan placed one of the cuffs around her left
wrist. And closed it. Tightly. I could see that the cuffs had padding on the
inside; but Jan closed it so tightly around that wrist, pressing it home until
she couldn't press any harder, that I was sure it was most painful. And now Jan
did the same thing with the other cuff, on her right wrist. The chain separating
the cuffs was about eight inches long.

Now, with wrists manacled, Jan took hold of a small wooden chair against one
wall, and pulled it out into the middle of the room. Looking up toward the
ceiling, she placed it most carefully in a particualr spot. Following her look,
I saw, strangely for the first time, a large metal hook affixed to the ceiling,
just above the chair now. My stomach did a sinking thing as the implication hit
me. I saw unmistakable fear on Jan's face now; but obviously nothing was
stronger than the fear of what would happen if she did not follow the orders
she'd been given. No matter how cruel or inhuman they might be.

Now, although shaking a bit with fright, Jan climbed up onto that chair,
standing for a moment on the seat, trying to work up her courage. But she must
do what she must do. Slowly, carefully raising her arms, Jan brought her
manacled wrists up toward the waiting hook. I couldn't believe this was actually
happening in front of me. Jan stretched her arms as high as she could; but the
chain of the cuffs would not quite go over the hook. Jan had to stand up on her
toes, trying to hold her balance while straining to reach up for that hook. My
loins throbbed at the sight of that tautly straining body, those legs flexing
and rippling, those breasts pulling up, tightening. And now the chain was over
the hook, and Jan was standing tall and taut, still straining on her toes,
half-hanging by her painfully manacled wrists.

But Jan was not finished. Drawing in her breath, and with a great, terrible
effort, she pulled herself up, clear of the chair; and now, with an awful,
inhuman, utterly despairing cry, Jan kicked out at that chair, knocking it over
and away; and now Jan could do nothing but hang from her wrists.

Which she did.

Hanging there. Agonizinglyh stretched. Arms straight, straining. Body taut.
Breasts high and tight. Legs dangling, moving slowly, occasionally reaching
reflexively but in vain for the floor two feet below her. Twisting slowly in the
air. Breathing harshly at first. Then panting. Then moaning. Head hanging back,
hair dangling down her back. Or dropping forward. Or occasionally erect, looking
at me. Accusingly? Pleadingly?

But I could do nothing for her now, even if I gave in, at least until somebody
came. My heart, my soul went out to her. But my loins, my lusts, gazed at that
wickedly stimulating sight. I didn't know how long she could last that way; that
body was stretched so taut; so obviously in agony; but what could she do?
Helpless, utterly helpless, Jan hung there. Twisting so slowly. So deliciously.
In front of me.

"Jan," I said at last, when I could speak. "How long -- how long must you stay
there?"

Jan's voice came out in panting breaths. "I -- don't know," Jan said. "Until
they come. And then -- still --"

"God," I said. "I -- I know you're in pain. I --"

"Oh god," Jan said. "You don't know. How it hurts. God, it hurts. I can't stand
it. I can't."

"I'm sure they'll come soon," I said.

"No," Jan said. "No. Not soon. They want me to stay this way. They want you to
watch me like this. It could be -- hours. Days."

"My god!" I said. "No."

"I'll faint soon," Jan said. "Dear god, let me faint soon. Oh Christ in heaven.
Oh Christ."

"I wish I could --" I said, but I stopped.

Jan's words came out as moans now. "If --" Jan said. "If you -- when they -- if
you told them --"

"No," I said.

"You could have me," Jan said. "Before they --"

"I can't," I said.

"That's what they thought," Jan said. "They'll torture me for you. That's what
will do it. They want you to watch as they do things to me. They want you to
hear me screaming. Until you want to do it to me too. If you tell them, they'll
let you torture me. Any way you want."

"I won't," I said.

"You will," Jan said. "You want me now. Don't you?"

"Yes," I said. "But --"

"When I'm screaming," Jan said. "When I'm twisting with pain and losing control
of my bowels and begging them to stop, promising to do anything for them if only
they'll stop, you'll want to do that to me too. You'll do anything for that.
You'll give it all to them, and then you'll torture me and make me scream for
you and you'll have my body, all of it, and I'll do anything you want. But it
will be too late. For me."

But I would not give in.

It was hours until they came. Hours of Jan moaning and crying and pleading with
God. And with me. And they came at last.

They didn't take Jan down. They left her there, as they whipped that body
viciously, whipping it all over. Slowly. Methodically. Sadistically. Whipping
Jan's back first, with Jan howling in agony and anguish, twisting and writhing
and kicking wildly, convulsing and squirming and thrashing under the merciless,
rhythmic, unceasing punishment of that whip. And screaming. Howling, yelling,
screeching, shrieking. And begging. As she had said she would. Promising,
frantically, all sorts of forbidden pleasures and dark delights, pleading with
piteous desperation. In vain, of course. And then the whip moved to Jan's legs.
Those kicking, thrashing thighs. And her buttocks. Striped with lash marks. All
over. And Jan's breasts. And I, watching it all. In pity. In horror. In
fascination. In lust.

It went on for hours. Literally hours. Whipping. Until night fell. And at last
they took Jan down. Still conscious. Still holding on somehow to sanity. "Until
tomorrow," they said. And they lashed Jan to the bars of my cell.

I could understand what they were thinking. Diabolically, they chained me to the
far wall, with a chain around my waist, giving me room to move, to lie down; but
not to reach the bars. Not to reach Jan. Who was spread out against those bars,
facing me, arms pulled up and splayed wide, legs spread, wrists and ankles bound
to the bars, toes on the floor. But spread and sagging. Tight against the bars.
That moaning, panting agony- filled naked girl. Whip marks only adding to that
body's arousing allure. Breasts bulging between the bars, thrusting toward me.
Spread out legs pressing against bars, soft hurting flesh bulging through. All
of her right in front of me. Panting loudly. Sobbing. Animal sounds in her
throat. Soft mouth wide, panting. Bosom rising, falling. All of her in pain.

And I couldn't touch her, couldn't get to her.

On the morrow they came back, and used cigarettes on Jan's body. Holding her
down on the floor, spread-eagling her, one of them pinning each wrist and ankle.
Burning her breasts. Burning her thighs. Burning her stomach. Turning her over.
Burning her back, burning her buttocks, burning, burning, burning. And Jan
screaming. Howling.

"You want her?" they said to me. "You want to do this to her? You can, you know.
You can do anything to her. Just --"

"Go to hell," I said, but god, I wanted to do it all to her.

That night they tied me down to my bunk, tied my hands, my legs, and buckled a
metal contraption around my crotch, so I couldn't use my cock at all, and they
tied Jan down on top of me. Lying on my body. Facing me. Naked. All of that body
pressing into me. Against me. Moving convulsively, spasming as Jan sobbed and
gasped. Through the night. It was maddening. Jan's breasts squirming against my
body. Jan's legs. I wanted to kiss her, but Jan wouldn't.

Next day they made Jan do things. Everything. And Jan did it. To avoid further
torture. Jan did anything they told her. They had her fuck them all, again and
again, in all the ways they could think of. All of them separately and in twos,
threes, fours. They had her suck them for hours. They had her crawling around
the floor, grovelling, as they laughed at her. They used her ass and her mouth
and her breasts and her body.

And then they brought in the dogs.

Jan fucked the dogs. Jan sucked the dogs off. And swallowed their gism. And when
she threw up on the floor, they told her to eat her own vomit, crouching on the
floor with her hair hanging in it, and lick it all up. And Jan did that too.

And all this time I was watching. And lusting.

"Don't you want her," they said. "You can have her," they said. "All to
yourself. To do anything you want to her. And she'll do anything for you.
Anything at all. Always. Won't you, Jan?" they said.

"Yes," Jan said. "I'll do anything, please god, anything. I'll be your whore,
I'll be a filthy cock-sucking whore and I'll keep your cock in my mouth all
night long and I'll swallow it all down my throat and you can hurt me if you
want. Any time you want. Hurt me. I'll scream for you to make you happy. I'll
cry my guts out. I'll crawl for you all my life. I'll fuck for you, I'll fuck
for anybody you want."

"Burn her again," I said.

"Will you tell us?

"No," I said.

"I'll do anything," Jan said.

"You wouldn't kiss me last night," I said.

"I will," Jan said. "I will I will I will I'll kiss you all you want, I'll stick
my tongue down your throat and scream into your mouth, I'll wrap my legs around
you and give you my body and my mouth and my cunt and my soul."

"Burn her," I said, and they spread Jan out and stretched her taut and held her
down and began burning her again.

And I told them.

I told all of it. Over Jan's screaming and howling I told it all. And I stuck my
cock into Jan's screaming mouth, and fucked that howling mouth, and shot down
her throat, and Jan was choking and screaming and gagging and howling and
coughing and shrieking. And I lay down on my back and told Jan to fuck me, and
she straddled my hips and took my cock into her body and as Jan was moving up
and down with breasts bouncing and thighs flexing and hair bobbing I told them
to whip Jan's back and now I was fucking that agony-filled squirming shouting
body as they kept whipping and whipping and Jan was twisting and shrieking and I
took hold of Jan's hair and pulled her down against me and mashed my lips to
hers. And Jan stuck her tongue down my throat and kissed me and kissed me,
screaming into my mouth, and now I rolled her over and I was on top of that
body, pounding and thrusting, and I told Jan to wrap her legs around me, and now
all of those long soft luscious sexy thighs and calves clamped around my waist,
rubbing, sliding, clasping my body as I fucked her.

"I own you, you bitch," I said.

"I know," Jan said.

"Tell me what you are," I said.

And Jan said, "I'm your cock-sucking whore bitch, I'm your slave, I'm your toy,
your sex-toy, I'll do anything you say, I'll suck you and I'll fuck you and I'll
scream for you. Hurt me and whip me and make me crawl. I'm yours always."

"Can I burn your breasts?" I said.

"Yes," Jan said, sobbing. "You can burn my breasts. You can let your friends
burn my breasts. You can make me burn my own breasts. Or my thighs, or my
nipples."

I turned Jan over, flattening her breasts against the floor, and took her in the
ass. Hard.

"Lick the floor," I said. And Jan licked the floor with her tongue, kissed that
floor like a lover at my command, kissing it and licking it and squirming
against it. And I told Jan to take a cigarette and light it and stick the unlit
end up her vagina and let it burn all the way down. Jan did it. I had them lash
Jan to the bars, arms high up, legs slightly spread, watching as that cigarette
burned down. Slowly. Looking into Jan's eyes as Jan began to scream for me.
Watching until it burned all the way down, Jan screaming and screaming, and then
fucking Jan against the bars. Laughing...




THE VISIT
By V.P. Viddler

"I want you to pay me a visit tonight, Sandy," Bob said.

"Oh Christ no," Sandy said.

"You know how I want you, don't you, Sis?" Bob said.

"Yes," the girl said.

"With the gag," Bob said.

"I know," Sandy said. "You bastard."

"What gag?" Curt said.

"Sandy's panties. Stuffed into her mouth. So she can't disturb anybody when I
make her scream."

"Don't," Sandy said.

"Damn," Curt said. "Wish I could see that."

"Sandy gagged?" Bob said. "Why not? Sandy. Show him."

"What!"

"Show him, Sandy. Take off your panties and put them in your mouth. Just like
you'll do when you visit my room tonight."

"Bob--are you--I can't--"

"Show him, Sandy."

"Bob, please--for god's sake--"

"Show him, Sis. Now. Do it. Or would you like me to invite him to watch it all?"

"Oh Christ. No. Bob. Please."

"I'm waiting, Sandy."

"You filthy son of a bitch," Sandy said, whispering. "All right. Damn you. All
right."

Sandy turned so that she was facing Curt. She didn't look at him. She lifted her
skirt, showing smooth luscious curving legs-- all the way up. Then she pulled
down her panties. Curt gasped. Sandy took her panties off. And then put them in
her mouth. With tears in her eyes. As Curt and Bob looked on, Sandy stuffed the
garment all the way into her mouth, packing it in forcibly, until it was fully
in her mouth, forcing it open.

"Jesus!" Curt said.

"Doesn't she look sexy that way?" Bob said. "Now try to talk, Sandy. Try to
shout for us."

Sandy made a sound, muffled through that cloth gag. Tears slid down her face.

"That's how she'll come to me tonight," Bob said. "And as soon as she comes into
my room Sandy will go down on her knees. Won't you, Sis?"

Crying, Sandy made a muffled affirmative sound.

"Christ," Curt said. "Can I see that?"

"You want to see my sister on her knees, do you?" Bob said.

Sandy turned to him, making sounds, shaking her head.

"Why not, Sis?" Bob said. "Would you rather have him watch you strip for me?"

Frantic negative sounds. Sandy shaking her head strongly.

"Jesus," Curt said. "You make her strip for you? And--oh god--"

"Of course. And she does. And she does anything I want her to do. Isn't that
right, Sis? Anything."

Sandy nodded helplessly, sobbing.

"Show Curt how docilely you go down on your knees for me, Sis," Bob said. "Go
on. I want him to see it. And Curt wants to see you kneeling on the floor. Don't
you, Curt? Curt thinks my proud sexy snobby sister will look just fine that way.
And he's right. Show him, Sandy."

And Sandy in shame and humiliation lowered herself to the floor and knelt. At
first she tried to look into Curt's eyes defiantly; but the lust and triumph in
them made her drop her eyes and bow down her head.

"And now," Bob said, "shall I tell him what I make you do for me? And what I do
to you? Shall I, Sandy?"

Sandy shook her head, crying.

"Would you like to show him?"

The girl tried to cry out, twisting, eyes big with horror.

"Curt," Bob said. "If old Sandy here were your sister, and you had her in a
position like this, and she had to do anything you told her, anything at all
that you could think up, what would you want her to do?"

"I don't think she could do it with that gag in her mouth," Curt said.

"Sandy," Bob said, "take the panties out."

Sandy was staring at him in terror.

"Take them out, Sis."

Sandy slowly shook her head, her body shaking. A sound came through the gag--a
sound that might have been meant as, "No-- please no--please--"

"If you don't take it out," Bob said, "then I'll have to make use of it, won't
I, Sis? Right now. To muffle your screams and howling and yelling as I punish
you. Stand up, Sandy."

A moan from the gagged mouth.

"Stand up right now and take your punishment in front of Curt, or else remove
that gag and do what he wants you to do. Which is it?"

Sandy was making full-throated moaning sounds and sobbing hard as with a shaking
hand she pulled the tightly-packed panties from her mouth, dropping them on the
floor.

"Look at that fine, open, panting, gasping mouth," Bob said. "Just right for
what you want it to do, Curt. And Sandy, if you don't do it well, if Curt
doesn't think it's good enough, I will strip you and bind you and whip you for
him."

"You're going to do that anyway," Sandy said, still sobbing. "Aren't you? I know
you. You're going to strip me for him anyway. No matter what I do. And you're
going to whip me for him too. Aren't you? You filthy pig. You're not satisfied
any more with making me visit you and do what you want. You want to show me off.
You want to make me crawl and hurt me and you want Curt to watch. And you'll let
him do it too. I hate you!"

Bob looked at Curt. "How about that?" Bob said. "Would you like to watch this
crawling crying fine young girl strip for you? Do you want to see her naked? And
do you want to watch Sandy being soundly whipped? Watch that body twisting in
pain and screaming through her panties? And do you want me to make Sandy pay you
a visit and do anything and everything you tell her to do?"

"What do you think?" Curt said.

"You'll do that, won't you, Sandy?" Bob said.

Sandy was crying hard. "Yes," she said. "I will do that. I will do it all. I
don't have any choice, do I?"

"No," Bob said.

"In my house," Curt said, "you can whip her without the gag. Nobody is around.
Sandy can scream all she wants. As loud and as long and as hard as she has to."

"God, that would be nice," Bob said. "Isn't that right, Sandy?"

"I want to whip her too," Curt said. "Can I whip her too?"

"Can he, Sandy?" Bob said, grinning.

Sandy just cried.

"I want an answer, Sis," Bob said.

"Yes," Sandy said. "Yes Yes Yes you can you can of course you can. Whip me as
much as you want. Whip me until I pass out. Whip me until your arm falls off.
Whip me to ribbons. Whip my back and my breasts and my ass and my thighs and my
stomach. And I'll do anything at all for you. I'll crawl for you like a dog.
I'll roll on my back and spread my legs and fuck for you and I'll wrap my legs
around you and I'll squirm and twist and buck and wriggle and arch and writhe
and I'll lick your ass out and I'll kiss your balls and I'll suck your cock
until you come down my throat and I'll swallow it all and I'll--"

"Shut up, you stupid bitch," Bob said. "Stuff those panties back in so you can't
talk any more."

And Sandy did that.

"Now," Bob said. "Stand up and stand right in front of Curt and take off your
blouse and bra and show him your breasts."

And Sandy did that too.

"Now drop that skirt and show him your naked slut's body."

And Sandy did.

"Turn around. All the way around. Slowly, Sis."

And Sandy did.

"Now you can take that gag out again and ask Curt what he wants to do to you
now. Do it."

And Sandy pulled her panties from her mouth again and, choking, said, "Curt,
what do you want to do to me now?"

And Curt said, "I want to whip you until you scream. I want to whip your round
soft luscious breasts. I want you tied down on your back with your legs spread
wide and your hands stretched above your head and your body taut and your
breasts pulled up so that all of them are exposed and vulnerable and I want to
take a thin whippy cane and I want to whip your helpless breasts with it again
and again and again and again, as hard as I can, as you strain frantically
against the ropes and scream and howl and yell and squall, begging and pleading
and crying in agony. And then I want you to beg me to fuck you as hard as I can.
What do you think about that, Sandy?"

"Why," Bob said, "Sandy will pay you a visit tomorrow to carry out that lovely
plan. Won't you, Sis?"

"I will," Sandy said. "I will I will I will oh god help me please I will yes
I'll come to you tomorrow yes I will Christ."

"And now?" Bob said.

"You fuck her," Curt said. "I want to watch you fucking her."

"Sandy," Bob said. "I don't want to do any work tonight. Fuck me."

And Sandy did. She was sitting astride her brother, with his cock inside her and
moving slowly but steadily up and down for a long time.

"Do you want to whip her?" Bob said to Curt. "Whip her across the back as she's
fucking me? That's a lot of fun. Isn't it, Sandy?"

"Please," Sandy said. "Please don't whip me across the back now please I'll suck
you off. Put your cock in my mouth and I'll suck it for you I'll lick it and
kiss it and suck it and take it into my throat I'll do anything please don't
whip me please don't whip me please aaauuuggggghhhhhhhhhhhh. Fuck my ass I'll be
a Sandy sandwich I'll crawl I'll cry oh god don't unh unh unh unh
AAAUUUNNNNNNNNNNGGGGHHHH."

"Pay me a visit," Curt said. "Hands tied. Whip in mouth. On your knees."

"All right. All right. All right. NO..."




WHEN DAWN BREAKS
By V.P. Viddler

Part 1
"Want to see Dawn lose control?" I said to Rob. "It's such a beautiful sight."

Dawn shook her head, her eyes begging. Dawn was sitting in a chair, with her
arms tied behind her around the back, a rope lashing her wrists together and
securing them to the chair. Dawn was clothed, but her shirt was unbuttoned, the
inner bulges of her breasts showing. And her skirt was shoved up to the tops of
her thighs. To the bottom of her panties. And Dawn's legs were bare. Except for
the two ropes. One rope was wrapped tightly around her ankles, holding them fast
together and also binding them to the lower rung of the chair. The other rope
was wrapped tightly around her legs, just above the knees. Both ropes were
lashed so tightly that Dawn's flesh bulged around them, above and below them.
And Dawn's bare legs, bound that way, captive and helpless, made my blood boil
with lust. So beautiful. So bare and bound and curvy. So luscious. Such
sculpted, molded, shapely, delicious calves. Such defenseless, smooth, long,
gorgeous, mouth-watering, savory, beckoning thighs. Such flesh, such skin
bulging around the ropes, such bound, unmoving, squirming legs.

I couldn't do anything but look at them, watch them, want them. Touch them. With
Dawn sobbing and squirming in that chair.

Touching all of them. Hands sliding. With Dawn crying and twisting and begging
and pleading. For me to stop.

Until Dawn lost control.

Dawn didn't want to. Dawn fought against it, always. She hated doing it, hated
herself for it, almost died with humiliation and shame. But couldn't stop it,
couldn't hold it back, and would have killed herself rather than have me see her
in such a state. Loving it, I would watch as Dawn lost it, struggled frantically
to hold back, couldn't control it as it took over her body, and I would watch,
gazing at her lovely distorted face, twisting, glazing, turning crazy with
passion, with need, with strain, with shame, with helplessness. Gasping.

Shaking. Crying. "No. No. God no, I don't want to, no, please god no..." And
begging for mercy even as she was beginning to beg for satisfaction.

Which Dawn did finally, in spite of herself and her awful burning horror and
shame. "Do it do it oh please stop no do it Christ do it to me I can't stand it
please oh god please don't stop I can't oh yes no yes yes please yes no no don't
oh give it to me do it no please oh please oh dear god I can't I can't please
more for god's sake please," and on and on and I would watch as her body twisted
and writhed and Dawn tried even now to turn away so I wouldn't see that gasping
mouth, that straining face, but I would watch it all. Thrashing legs, arching
torso, rolling breasts.

So now, watching Dawn's bound and curving legs, I said to Rob: "Want to see Dawn
lose control?"

"No," Dawn begged, shaking her head, her long dark hair moving. "No. Please,
Jim. Not that, please."

And Dawn went on pleading as I ran my hands up and down those soft, curving,
bound legs, calves, thighs, up and down, back and forth, and I told Rob to touch
those high, full breasts.

Dawn writhed and twisted in that sturdy chair as Rob did that, rubbing her first
outside her shirt, and then sliding his hands inside that open shirt and
rubbing, squeezing, caressing those luscious bosoms, and Dawn fought it as hard
as she could, fought with all her might not to give in to it, but at last it was
no use and our sobbing, pleading girl was losing control and Rob and I watched
that face, stroked that body, listened to that sound of mingled horror and
wanting as Dawn begged us to do it to her, begging, crying, twisting until she
upset that chair and sprawled on the floor, bound and luscious, and I cut her
legs loose and took took took took...

 

Part 2
"I hate you," Dawn said.

She was lying on my bed, spread-eagled, tightly stretched, wrists and ankles
roped to the four corner bedposts. Body taut.

Arms and legs taut. Long dark hair loose. Not naked. Black shirt pulled open,
showing most of her breasts. Blue skirt pulled high up over her thighs.
Outspread legs bare. Dawn's legs. Fantastic.

I wish I could explain about Dawn's legs, Dawn's calves, Dawn's thighs. I can't.

"I know," I said. "I know you do, darling Dawn. Now tell me what you want me to
do to you."

"No," Dawn said.

"Go on," I said. "Tell me. You know you will. You know how you want it."

"Don't," Dawn said. "Please. Bastard."

"Tell me," I said. I was touching her. Lightly. Touching.

"Don't," Dawn said. Panting. Writhing. "Stop," Dawn said.

I didn't stop. "Tell me what you want me to do to you,

Dawn," I said.

"I want it," Dawn said, crying. "I want you to fuck me. I want it. I want you to
take me. Please. Do it to me now. I want it, I need it, oh Jesus I hate you you
bastard you filth you cocksuciking son of a bitch now please do it now please I
want it damn you I have to have it plese do it please do it fuck it I'll do
anything you say, please, please, please, please, don't no please oh Jesus you
dirty fuck please don't no yes do it I want it oh oh oh oh oh I'll kill you
please god please I'm begging now, yes, I'm begging, what do you want, I can't
stand it, please."

"What about Rob?" I said. "Don't you want him to fuck you too?"

"No! Yes! Damn you! Him too, anything."

"How about Danny?" I said.

Dawn looked at me, sobbing. "You can't," Dawn said.

"Yes," I said.

"I won't," Dawn said.

"Okay," I said. "I'll just have to talk you into it." And I did some things to
her. Loving things. Painful things. Until Dawn said, "All right I will yes Danny
too yes I will yes please stop now," and I said, "Tell me to bring Danny in,"
and Dawn said,

"God god I can't do this."

"Tell me to bring him in," I said. "So Danny can watch you this way."

"Oh Jesus god have mercy," Dawn said.

"Watch you this way. And hear you beg for him to fuck you.

Begging Danny to do anything he wants with your body. Right, Dawn darling?"

Dawn was crying.

"Tell me," I said.

"Bring him," Dawn screamed. "Bring him. I'll do it, I'll do it, yes okay, let
him fuck me, I'll do it for all of you, all of you. Bring him!"

"Will you tell him that you want to suck his cock?" I said.

"Take his cock into your mouth and suck him off? On your knees?

Will you crawl for him and kiss his feet and tell him you are his toy, his
plaything, his submissive and cock-sucking slave sister?

Will you, Dawn?" Touching her. Doing things to her. Loving things. Painful
things. Dawn writhing and twisting. Rob touching her too. Her round, rolling
breasts. Her tightly pinioned torso.

And her unbelievably sexy, long, curvy, shapely, fantastic, fabulous, salacious,
mouth-watering, helpless, outspread, defenseless, luscious, gorgeous, sensuous,
arousing, mind- boggling, soft, smooth, erotic legs.

Dawn screamed and screamed. "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! I'll do it,

I swear, I promise, I'll do it all, I'll do it, I can't, please no please no
please yes oh Jesus yes I want you I want you all of you I'll crawl let me go."

"No," I said. "I love you this way, all tied up, hurting, screaming, helpless,
squirming. I want you this way forever."

Rob was rubbing his cock on Dawn's face, putting it between her pretty young
lips and then coming all over her face and her hair.

"Get Danny in," I said.

Danny was so anxious to fuck his sister that he simply raped her before I could
make her say anything, but afterwards Dawn spent a full hour with his cock in
her mouth, crying, as she told him how it was. Danny and Rob and I had Dawn all
the ways we could think of as Dawn screamed. "No no yes do it no stop please no
yes oh please please..."




                        BIRTHDAY PRESENT
                        by V.P. Viddler

	"Happy birthday to you," Donald sang. "Happy birthday to you. Happy
birthday, dear Harold, happy birthday to you."
	"Thanks a bunch," I said.
	"And now," Donald said. "What would you like for your birthday?"
	"Your sister," I said.
	"Ah. Is that right?" Donald said. "You want Donna for your birthday?"
	"Right."
	"But you know Donna doesn't want anything do do with you, don't you?"
Donald said.
	"All the better," I told him. "It would make it more stimulating."
	"That's what I thought," Donald said. "All right, Donna. You can come in
now."
	And Donna came into the room. Donna. Donald's little sister. Still in
high school. Young. Lovely. Voluptuous. Haughty. Untouchable. And now naked. And
now, bound, with her wrists tied behind her back. And now, with a gag in her
mouth. And now, shaking with rage and fright and shame and helplessness. Long
blonde hair hanging down. Breasts thrusting. Thighs alluring. Dark eyes staring,
glaring, blazing, despairing. And naked. Donna was stark, staring naked. Except
for a sash that was draped across her body. A sash that said, "Happy Birthday,
Harold."
	"Two minds with but a single thought," Donald said. "Which is the
subjugation of an attractive but headstrong young girl. Although Donna is my
sibling, I am not at all unaware of her smoldering sexuality. Not a bit of it.
In fact, I will now confess that for a long time I have thought of having that
young body, to play with, just like a toy. To do with as I would. So I took it.
Didn't I, Donna?" Donald paused.
	Donna didn't say anything. Not that she could, with that gag, but she
did not respond in any way at all.
	Donald said again, "Didn't I, Donna?" and put his hand on her shoulder.
	Donna began to tremble. She bit at her lip, and then nodded.
	"That's right," Donald said. "I took it. I raped my sister. It was a
task, though. I had to break her spirit first. So I did that. Would you like to
know how, Harold?"
	"Okay," I said.
	"It's quite fascinating," Donald said. "But actually, you might enjoy it
still more if Donna told you herself. That would give it a certain piquancy,
wouldn't you say? Having her describe the destruction of her will by her own
brother. How she was broken. Think of her doing that for you while you fuck
her."
	Donna was crying now, muffled sobs issuing from her choked throat.
	"That gag can come out so Donna can talk about it," Donald said. "It
isn't actually necessary, but it makes a nice touch, don't you think? And while
you fuck her, I think she should be tied down. Bound spread-eagled and stretched
out tight. Spread for you. Would you like that, Harold?"
	"I'd like it," I said.
	"Would you like that, Donna?" Donald said.
	Donna made whimpering sounds.
	"Good," Donald said.
	"Good," I said. "Is Donna a good rape?" I said to Donald.
	"Fantastic," Donald said. "Just fantastic. Because she hates it so much,
she struggles and fights and squirms and twists and thrashes about, and it gives
you such a ride you want to fuck her always. Right, Sis?"
Donna sank to her knees on the floor, sobbing and moaning.
	"A good position if you want her to suck your cock first," Donald said.
	"No," I said. "Not now. Later. Now I want to fuck her luscious young
body."
	"All right. Let's drag her inside and lash her down on the bed and fuck
that form to our heart's content."
	"And then you can show me how you broke her."
	"Oh, good. I'd love to do it again. I'll have her crawling for you."
	"Good," I said. "But first I want you to work on her until she sings
Happy Birthday to me. I want her to sing Happy Birthday, dear Harold, as she's
lying spread open and naked and fucked half to death."
	"Okay," Donald said. "But you'll hear her sing a lot of other tunes
first, I expect. Loud ones. Not always modulated. Most wild, shrieking tunes."
	"I can't wait," I said.
	Donna said, "NNGGH MMPHHH URGHH EKK MHMHMHMHMH NNAUURRRLLL UNH UNH UNH
UNH UNNNGGHHGH." And so on, and Donald and I hurt her a lot and Donna strained
in agony and the sash read Happy Birthday, Harold.
	And Donna sang for us for a long time...




                    COLLEGE GIRL
                   
                  by V. P. Viddler

     "Make us some sandwiches, college girl," I said.
     She looked at the four of us sitting around the table. There was
fear mixed with defiance in her eyes.
     "Go on, Mindy," I said. "We're hungry. Make some sandwiches, okay?"  
     She got up.
     "Mindy," I said.
     She waited, looking at me. I smiled.
     "Do it topless," I said.
     She stood still. I saw her eyes. I loved what I saw in her eyes.
     "Mindy," I said. "Do it."
     I saw tears in her eyes. Then she grasped the bottom of her sweater and
pulled it off over her head.
     The guys gasped. Her bra was white. Her breasts went up and down with her
rapid breathing. 
     "Topless, I said."
     Mindy took a breath. She put her hands behind her and unhooked the bra.
Then she took it off and dropped it.
     The guys made some noises. Said some words.
     Mindy was red, then white. Without a word she turned and went into the
kitchen.
     It took her a while. She came out with a plate of sandwiches. She put it on
the table. Naked to the waist. Then she sat down. She didn't ask if she could
put her clothes back on. She knew the answer. She just sat there.                                                                                                             
     We ate. Watching her.
     "College girl," I said. 
     Mindy said nothing.
     "We're all going to have you, you know," I said. "All of us. As much as we
want. Any way we want. You know that, Mindy, don't you?" 
     Mindy said nothing. 
     "Sure you do. College girl. And there's nothing you can do about it, Mindy.
Is there?" 
     Mindy said nothing. 
     "Answer me," I said. "Answer me, college girl. There's nothing you can do
about it. Is there?" 
     "No," Mindy said. 
     "Tell me," I said. "Say it." 
     "There's nothing I can do about it," Mindy said. 
     "Fucking cunt," I said. 
     Mindy began to cry. I liked it when she cried.
     "I like it when you cry, Mindy," I said. I like that a lot. Bill," I said.
"Give her something to cry about." 
     Bill got up and went over and stood in front of Mindy.
She didn't move.
     Bill unzipped his pants and took his cock out.
     Mindy didn't move. 
     Bill began to piss on her. 
     Mindy cried out in surprise and disgust and started to
get up. 
     "Don't move, Mindy," I said. "Sit down and stay down. Do it." 
     Mindy sat down again. 
     Bill was still pissing. He pissed on Mindys breasts, and then on her face.
He pissed in her hair. Bill had been saving up his piss all day long. By the
time he stopped pissing Mindy was sopping with his piss. And crying hard. 
     "College girl," I said. "Go take a bath. You stink."
     Mindy moved to get up. 
     "Crawl, college girl," I said. "Get down on your hands and knees and crawl
to the bathroom. Crawl for us, sweet bitch cunt cocksucker college girl."
     Mindy crawled. 
     "Take a fucking bath," I said. "And when you come out, don't bother to put
anything on. You won't need your clothes for a while, Mindy. Quite a while.
Okay?" 
     Mindy didn't answer. I went over to her and reached down and took hold of
her hair and pulled her head back by it until she cried out. 
     "Okay?" I said, smiling at her. 
     "Yes," Mindy said, sobbing. 
     "Say it."
     "Okay," Mindy said. "Okay, I will. I will. I will."       
     "College girl," I said. 
     I didn't wait for Mindy to come out of the bathroom. I got impatient and
went in there while she was still in the bathtub.  I sat down on the toilet and
took out my cock. 
     "Suck me, Mindy," I said. "Come over here and suck my cock, college girl. I
want to see you sucking my dick. I want to see that mouth of yours wrapped
around my prick, and I want to watch your lips moving up and down on it, and I
want to feel your tongue stroking it, and I want to hear you crying while you do
it. I want to watch how much you hate doing it for me, Mindy. That's the best
part, isn't it? How much you hate it.  How much you hate me. How fucking
helpless you are to do anything about it. College girl. Do it, bitch. Do it,
cunt. Do it, cocksucker. Do it for me now." 
     Mindy moved down in the tub, then got up onto her knees and leaned over the
side of the tub so she could reach me as I sat on the toilet. 
     I said, "Mindy, baby, tell me what you're going to do.      
     Mindy had a hard time saying it. But she did. "I'm going to suck your
cock," she said. 
     "Say it again, Mindy darling."
     "I'm going to suck your cock," Mindy said. 
     "And you're going to swallow my come," I said. "Aren't you, college girl?" 
     "Yes," Mindy said. 
     "Say it," I said. 
     "I'm going to swallow your come," Mindy said tightly.
     "God, it's good to hear you say that, Mindy. Now do it. Slowly.  Slowly,
Mindy. Slowly." 
     Mindy leaned over the edge of the tub and took me in her mouth. Slowly she
did it. Sucking me. Stroking me. Hating me.  Slowly. While I told her what she
looked like and what she was.  Until I shot into her mouth. And she swallowed
it. All of it.  Crying. 
     "You'll do that for all the guys," I said. "I think they'll all want you to
do that before they fuck you. I'll fuck you too, Mindy, don't worry. And after
all of us fuck you to our heart's content, fuck you as long as we want and in
every way we want, what should we do with you then, Mindy? College girl? What do
you think? Show you off, maybe? Have a big party and show you off to all the
guys in school? How about that, Mindy? Show them all what you can do. What a
smart beautiful sophisticated college girl can do. You think they'd like that,
Mindy? I do. You know us high school boys, Mindy. We always wonder about you
smart sophisticated stuck-up college girl types. I'm going to put you on
exhibition, Mindy. A fucking exhibition. How many guys do you think you can fuck
in one night? A hell of a lot, I bet. But first, of course, you have to be
softened up. Don't you, Mindy?" 
     "No," Mindy said. 
     "No?" I said. 
     "No," Mindy said. "I'll do anything you want. I will. You don't have to
hurt me."
     "Yes I do, Mindy," I said. "Oh yes, I do. I do. First of all, the guys
would be disappointed it the exhibition didn't start out with Mindy college girl
hanging from the ceiling by her wrists, stark naked, waiting to be whipped.
Don't you know that?"
     "No," Mindy said. 
     "Yes," I said. "And the whipping, Mindy. That's going to be something.
We're all looking forward to that. Mindy hanging there, swinging, naked,
helpless. And screaming. Screaming, Mindy. As the whip cuts into your body.
Screaming. And begging.  And twisting. And kicking. And promising anything.
Anything.  If only it will stop. But it won't, Mindy. Because all the guys want
the chance to whip your fucking college-girl body, Mindy darling. And make you
scream for them." 
      Mindy was sobbing hard. 
      "Now you can go inside," I said. "I want you to thank Bill for pissing on
you. Then I want you to ask the other guys if any of them would like to piss on
you now. If so, you let them do it. Okay, Mindy? If not, you can start sucking
them.  Go. Crawl, Mindy." 
     Mindy crawled. 
     Nobody else wanted to piss on her. They all wanted her to suck them. Mindy
did so. Then we fucked her. All night long.  Mindy was crying most of the time,
but she fucked us any way we wanted. 
     "Mindy," I said, "college girl cunt, it's time for you to fuck the dog." 
     "No," Mindy said. "No, I won't. You can't make me." 
     I smiled. "I was hoping you'd say that," I said. "Hold her down, guys." 
     "No," Mindy said. 
     The guys grabbed her and spread her out on the floor and held her down. 
     I lit up a cigarette. 
     "No," Mindy said. "God." 
     "Will you fuck the dog?" I said. 
     "Please," Mindy said. 
     I did it slowly. 
     Slowly. 
     Slowly,l ground my cigarette out on her right nipple.                     .   
Slowly.
     Smiling.
     Loving her scream.
     Loving her scream. 
     Loving her sobbing. 
     I lit another cigarette. 
     "Will you fuck the dog, Mindy?" 
     "Jesus Christ for god's sake please no," Mindy said, sobbing, twisting,
struggling. 
     "Hold her tight," I said. 
     I ground the cigarette out on her left nipple. 
     Loving her screaming shrieking howling begging. 
     "Will you suck the dog?" I said. 
     "Yes," Mindy said. 
     "Say it." 
     "I will. I will suck the dog. I will." 
     "Too late," I said, and as Mindy screamed I ground another cigarette out on
her right breast. 
     Then on her left breast. 
     Then one on each thigh. 
     Mindy was going crazy with agony. Screaming and twisting and bucking. 
     "Say it," I said. 
     "God please," Mindy said. "Please let me fuck the dog please let me suck
the dog please I'll fuck the dog I'll suck the dog I want the dog to piss on me
please what do I have to do please god Jesus Christ god please oh god." 
     "Sweet college girl," I said. "Sweet hurting helpless college girl," and I
fucked her. I fucked her and fucked her and fucked her and fucked her and fucked
her...




                  DOING IT FOR DADDY
                    by V.P. Viddler

                         1

     "All right, look, I'm busy so talk fast. What is it you 
want?"
     "I want my father to keep his job."
     "Oh yeah? That's too bad, kiddo. He's out. Now you can go 
too."
     "Damn it, wait a minute, all right? I said I want my father 
to keep his job. I want that a lot."
     "So?"
     "So what do you want?"
     "Damn. What are you saying, kid."
     "I'm not a kid. As you damn well know. And I'm saying that I 
want my father to have a job, and I'm willing to pay for it. 
What's your price?"
     "Well, I'll be--damn! Is that what this is about? I give 
your father back his job and you give me--what I want? Anything I 
want?"
     "That's right. And don't tell me you don't want it."
     "No, baby, I'm not gonna tell you that. You know damn will I 
want it. And just how much of it will you give?"
     "What the hell does that mean? All right, look. You want my 
body. I'm offering it to you. And I won't haggle, all right? You 
can have it any way you want it."
     "Hell, kid, you always said you couldn't stand the sight of 
me."
     "That's right. That's still true. But--"
     "And you always said you wouldn't let me touch you with a--"
     "Okay, I know what I said, all right? And now I'm taking it 
back. I'm doing it for my father. I damn well don't expect to 
enjoy it, if you want to know. That probably makes you happy. If 
you want to rub my nose in it, that's your thing. But you have to 
give me your word that you'll do your part. If you don't--"
     "Oh, I'll do it all right, don't worry about that--if we can 
make the right arrangements."
     "What does that mean? I told you, anything you want. Christ, 
what do you--"
     "How many times?"
     "What? Jesus. Once. That's enough for me, god knows, and it 
damn well is enough for you too."
     "No good, kiddo."
     "What? Why you son of a bitch!"
     "So long, kid."
     "My god. What--what is it you want?"
     "Look, kid, it's gotta be tit for tat--so to speak. I get 
that body just one time--okay. I'll give your father his job 
back--for that day."
     "You bastard!"
     "But you want him to work for a while, right? Okay. But as 
long as he works, you work too--for me."
     "You're crazy!"
     "No, I'm not. Your pop will probably die without a job. I'll 
keep him on as long as he lives, if you want. As long as you play 
along. And I'll double his salary. How's that?"
     "Christ! And I--I have to--"
     "That's right, kiddo. You'll be on call. Any time, any 
place, any way. I snap my fingers, you come running. Is it a 
bargain?"
     "You filthy son of a bitch."
     "And that's not all, baby."
     "That's not all? Jesus, how much more can you want?"
     "I'll show you. Come over here."
     "Why?"
     "This is a test, kid. Your pop stands or falls right here, 
right now. You don't do what I say, quick and smart, like a good 
little slut, it's no deal. You want to come over here or not."
     "All right. All right. You win."
     "I win."
     WHAP.
     "Aaaaaghh!"
     "Stand still."
     "What--"
     WHAP!
     "Aauughh! No!"
     "Stand still, I said."
     "For god's--"
     WHAP!
     "Nauughh! Christ! Is this--"
     WHAP!
     "Unnhh--Unnnhhh! Oohh Jesus! Is--is this what you want?"
     "This is part of it. You said anything, didn't you, kid?"
     "But I--"
     WHAP!
     "Haughh! Yes. All right. Yes. I said anything."
     "Is your mouth good and sore now? Does it hurt?"
     "Damn you! Yes."
     "Good. I want it that way. I want it wrapped around my cock. 
Will you do that for me, kiddo?"
     "Right now?"
     "Right now. On your knees, kid, that's it. Here it is. Do it 
nice now. Do it for Daddy."

     "You suck cock damn well, kid."
     "Thanks. What now? You going to whip me?"
     "Not with your clothes on, baby."
     "Oh. Does that mean you want me to take them off?"
     "You don't sound too happy about that, kiddo."
     "No kidding."
     "Now I myself can hardly wait to see you naked."
     "I figured that, all right."
     "You don't want to be too smart, kid."
     "I don't?"
     "No, you don't. Honest you don't. Say you're sorry."
     "Oh, god."
     "Say it. Now."
     "All right. I'm sorry. Okay?"
     "No. Say it again. And mean it this time."
     "I--I'm sorry. I am, I'm sorry."
     "That's a bit more convincing, but not much."
     "Can I get up now?"
     "No. Stay that way. I like you down there on your knees."
     "I thought you wanted to see my body. I can't take my 
clothes off so well down here."
     "Are you trying to be smart again?"
     "I--no. No, I'm not."
     "Good. Crawl for me."
     "What?"
     "I said crawl. You know. On all fours? Like a dog? Around 
the room. Go on."
     "You want me to crawl?"
     "That's what I said."
     "I don't want to--Oh Jesus. All right. All right. I'll 
crawl."
     "Now that's an inspiring sight. Just look at that. Isn't 
this the girl who told me she would never let me touch her in a 
million years? Not for a million dollars? Wasn't that you, baby?"
     "Yes. That was me."
     "And here you are now, crawling around on my floor like an 
animal. Or like a slave. Isn't that right, kiddo? Don't stop. 
Just answer my question."
     "Yes. That's right. I'm crawling, like an animal, all right? 
And you're getting a sick kick out of it."
     "That's right, baby. In fact, watching you crawling that way 
is making me hard again. What do you think we should do about 
that?"
     "I would bet that probably what we're going to do about it 
is that I'm going to take my clothes off and you're going to make 
me fuck you."
     ""Well, that's probably right. But I'm afraid you've 
forgotten something."
     "Oh? What's that?"
     "I'm probably going to hurt you first."
     "Oh. Yes. I should have known that, shouldn't I? How are you 
planning to do that?"
     "Ah. I must think about that. But I know. Oh, I'm so glad I 
didn't give up smoking."
     "What--what do you--"
     "Did I say you could stop crawling? Did I?"
     "Wait--what--if you--"
     "Oh, all right. You may stand up now."
     "You're not--you don't mean to--"
     "I want to see your breasts now."
     "I won't do it. Not if you--"
     "Show me your breasts."
     "I--All right. I'll show them to you. I'll be good for you. 
You don't want to--Here. All right?"
     "Bring them to me."
     "Wait. Wait, please. Look. I'll--I'll do anything you   
want--"
     "I know that. Bring them to me. That's it."
     "Please. Please don't. Not that. I--I'll--no. Please. Don't. 
No. Please. Oh god please. Not that please anything I'll do--
I'll--No! No please! Please don't! No. No! Oh Christ--no--
HHAAAAAAAUUUUUUUGGGHHHHHHHHHHH No hunnhh hunnhh hhunngghh hauhh 
augghh no no no please god please no please--"
     "Call me darling."
     "Darling. Darling. Please darling don't not again darling 
let me fuck you I'll darling please I no darling don't darling 
I'm begging oh Jesus oh dear lord ohh darling nooo WWAAAAAAAAGH. 
Darling! Haugghh! Darling! HEEEEESWEETMARY DARLING HAUUUGH No 
Darling Please Darling darling darling darling--"
     "Will you fuck me now?"
     "Oh yes yes oh yes please yes anything you want Darling look 
I'm naked for you I want to fuck you don't hurt me oh god darling 
now fucking NNNN..."

                         2

     "No, swallow it, darling. Swallow it again, all of it. 
That's it. Again. Swallow. Good. Ah. That was magnificent. Your 
mouth is fabulous, kiddo. Just fabulous."
     "Thanks. Can I go now?"
     "No."
     "God, why not? You can't want it again, for god's--"
     "I don't."
     "So why can't I go?"
     "Just because you want to so much. Just to show my power 
over you."
     "Oh Christ!"
     "And maybe I can think up things for you to do that will 
amuse me--and put me back in the mood."
     "Oh Jesus, I'll just bet you can."
     "You'd win if you did."
     "All right. Like what?"
     "Like licking the floor."
     "The floor is filthy!"
     "That's the point, you see."
     "And so are you."
     "Did you enjoy our little session before? With the 
cigarettes? Did you, my dear?"
     "You know I didn't. I--I've been good, haven't I?"
     "And you will continue to be, won't you?"
     "Yes. Yes, I will."
     "Good. Lick the floor."
     "Ohh--"
     "Lick it thoroughly, darling. Yes. Just do it until I say 
you can stop. That's fine. Harder now. All right. Stop."
     "Damn you."
     "What?"
     "I'm sorry."
     "That's just to show you who's boss, baby. Now I've got a 
really exciting task for you."
     "What?"
     "I want you to pleasure my dog."
     "What!"
     "Now don't worry, kiddo, you don't acutally have to fuck 
him--not unless I want to punish you, such as for disobeying 
orders--but I think old Tray would enjoy that fantastic mouth as 
much as I do. I want you to suck him off for me."
     "You're mad!"
     "Am I?" 
     "That's disgusting! That's--it's loathesome! Abominable! If 
you think--"
     "I do think. I want you to suck my dog's cock. And you  
will."
     "I won't! I will not! I can't! For god's--I can't do that! I 
can't!"
     "All right. I'll just try out those cigarettes again. Sit 
still, kid."
     "No. No. Not that again. Look. I--I'm doing what you want, 
okay? But this--this is--it's impossible--I--"
     "Spread your legs."
     "Oh Jesus no. Please no. Oh sweet Christ. Don't do that. Not 
again. All right. I'll do it. I will. I'll do it. All right." 
     "What will you do, darling?"
     "I--I'll suck the dog. I will. I'll--I'll suck him off. All 
right?"
     "And swallow his gism, just like mine?"
     "Ahh. God. Yes. All right. Yes."
     "Say it."
     "I--I'll swallow his gism. Just like I did yours. All right? 
You don't have to--please don't--"
     "Darling?"
     "What?"
     "Ask me to let you do it."
     "What?"
     "Should I burn you now?"
     "No! No please no!"
     "Ask me to let you suck my dog's cock. Ask me nice. Beg me. 
In detail. And mean it. all right?"
     "Yes. Yes. I will. I--please let me suck your dog's cock. 
Please. I--I'm begging you, I want to do it, I--"
     "What is it you want to do, darling?"
     "I want to suck the dog. Please. Please let me suck the dog. 
Please let me suck him until he comes in my mouth and let me 
swallow it. Please. I beg you. Please. Oh God. Please let me do 
it, let me suck the dog, please oh please--"
     "Well now. Ain't that something. I guess you'll do just 
about anything for your dear old daddy. And to avoid more pain, 
of course. And you know what? I think your daddy should know 
about what you're doing for him."
     "No!"
     "Oh, I think such sacrifice as this should not go 
unappreciated. I know your daddy will be proud of you."
     "No! Christ, no! You can't! It would kill him! He'll--Jesus, 
no. Not that. I'll do anything. Don't do that. Please. Please."
     "Darling girl."
     "No. Please."
     "As soon as you finish sucking off my dog, I'm gonna call 
your old daddy in here and just let him see what his sweet young 
daughter will do for him. I'm gonna let you do some of it, in 
fact, right in front of him. Won't that be fun?"
     "What do you want me to do? I'll do anything, if you don't 
do that, anything in the world. Just name it. Please."
     "I want you to suck your daddy's dick, kid."
              
                         3

     "I did it for you, Daddy. Please, it was for you, I did it 
all for you."
     "For me you did it? Whore! Slut! Filth! For me!"
     "Daddy, please don't hate me, please--"
     "Look at you! Naked harlot!"
     "Nice body though, isn't it, dad. Hard to think she's your 
kid, you know?"
     "She's not my daughter now."
     "Daddy! I beg you!"
     "Whore! Slut! I will not take your dirty job."
     "Too bad, dad, the kid worked hard for it. And I mean hard. 
What a mouth she's got, that kid of yours."
     "Stop!"
     "Man, it's so soft and warm and moist and round, and--"
     "Stop! Please!"
     "And she uses it so good. Takes my whole cock inside it, and 
just sucks it and licks it and kisses it, so slowly, so 
gorgeously, that you want it to go on forever. You know? You want 
to see, dads? You want to watch that? She'll do it if I say so. 
She'll do it for you, if I say so. Right, kid?"
     "I beg you--"
     "Just look at her, pop. Is that something? I tied her up 
that way so you could get a good look at her. You probably never 
saw her naked--not since adulthood, anyway. How about those 
breasts? You want to touch them, dad? Do it. She can't stop you. 
She can't do anything. I think my favorite part is her legs. 
Damn. Look at those curves, those lines. Catch the quivering of 
her thghs in that straining position. That's why I put her up 
that way. Look how those arms stretching up over her head pull 
her breasts up and out. Giving us a fine shot at those pretty 
pink nipples. And those legs spread apart, straining so tautly, 
toes groping for the floor. Just standing there, helpless. I love 
it, although I didn't have to do that. This girl will do anything 
I say. Because she's afraid of the kind of pain I can give her. 
Would you like to watch that?"
     "This little slut should be punished."
     "No! Daddy no! For god's sake please no! Don't say that!"
     "You want to see her dance, pop? Dance with pain? You want 
to watch your sexy daughter dance for you? Just as she is? I can 
make her dance and scream and go crazy with pain and agony and 
horror. Can't I, darling? Can't I?"
     "Yes. Yes, you can. You can. Please don't. I'll do 
anything."
     "Will you suck your daddy's dick for him?"
     "I--yes. If--if he wants it. Yes. I will. Just don't--"
     "Say it darling. Say it all."
     "I--I will suck my daddy's cock for him. I--I will go down 
on my knees and kiss it and lick it and I will take it into my 
mouth and I will suck slowly, slowly, and when he comes in my 
mouth I will swallow and swallow and swallow--oh god--please 
don't do that--Daddy don't let him do that--Daddy, I'll do 
anything--I'll fuck you--I'll give you my body, Daddy, I'll fuck 
you any way you want, you can please don't Daddy I did it for you 
please--"
     "What do you say, dad?"
     "Do it."
     "No! No! Please ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
AAAAAAAUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!"
     "Again?"
     "Again."
     "HAAAUUUUGHHH! AAAIIIIIEEEEEEEEE. No No Let me die let me 
die I want to die."
     "Cut her down. I want to piss on her. I piss on you, whore 
slut filthy daughter. Drink it, drink my piss."
     "Tell your daddy what you are. As I whip you, darling."
     "Haugh! Darling. I am piss, I am shit, I--Haughh! Darling! I 
am nothing, I am a slave, a slut, a whore, I will--HOOUUGHH! 
Darling! Please AARRRGHH No! Darling! I am yours, Daddy, do 
anything you want to me--Naaughh! Darling! Fuck--fuck my ass, my 
tight virgin ass, please no SSSSSSSSSSSS! Kill me fuck my ass 
whip my breasts shit on me NNNAUGHH! Darling! Watch me crawl, 
Daddy, I'll crawl for you, I'll crawl all you want, I'm crawling 
D-D-DARLING! All right hurt me I'll scream for you I'll scream 
and howl and twist and squirm and moan and kick and fuck all day 
long AHH..."




                     HIS DARLING DAUGHTER
                        by V.P. Viddler
                            (re-edit)

    "I want to do it to you."

   "I know you do."

   "You can't stop me if I do it."

   "I know I can't."

   "Not with your hands tied that way, behind your back."

   "That's what turns you on, isn't it?"

   "You can try to run, but you couldn't get away."

   "Probably not."

   "I'd catch you. I'd put my hands on you."

   "I'm sorry you had to watch what they did to me."

   "It was--I can't say what it was."

   "It made you want me."

   "Why did they leave your hands tied?"

   "So I would be available to you."

   "I'm your father."

   "I'm your daughter. You watched me being raped by four boys. You
watched as they took me, again and again, and you watched as they
made me do what they wanted, and you watched as they made me
satisfy them with my mouth, and you watched as they made me crawl
for them, and strip for them, and you didn't stop watching as they
hurt me and made me scream and--"

   "I had to watch. I had no choice."

   "And it turned you on so much that now you want to do all those
things."

   "Your body is exciting."

   "I know."

   "Your mouth--"

   "Daddy, I'm your daughter."

   "I know."

   "Look, if you want a young girl, I can get you one."

   "I want you."

   "I know, but--"

   "Your thighs--I can't--I want to touch them."

   "Daddy--listen, I can call my girl friend Barbara. You know
Barbara, don't you? She's just as good looking as I am. Very sexy
body. Would you want to do it to her?"

   "Barbara. She's young."

   "No younger than I am, Daddy."

   "How could you--why would she--"

   "Don't worry about that. She'll do it. I guarantee it. She'll do
anything you want. Okay?"

   "Like you did anything those boys wanted?"

   "I had to."

   "And Barbara?"

   "Barbara will have to also."

   "You can't call Barbara."

   "Why not?"

   "Your hands are tied."

   "You can untie them."

   "I don't want to. I like looking at you that way."

   "I know."

   "I want your mouth."

   "Daddy, if I do it for you with my mouth, will you not rape me?"

   "I don't know."

   "Barbara will use her mouth on you. Or anything else."

   "You're blackmailing her."

   "Why not?"

   "Walk around."

   "What?"

   "Walk around the room. I want to watch your body move."

   "Daddy--"

   "Ann. Walk."

   "All right, Daddy. I'll walk. All right? I'm walking."

   "Don't stop. Your breasts are bobbling up and down and Christ
your legs moving that way, you drive me crazy. Don't stop walking.
Why did they leave your shirt on?"

   "I don't know."

   "It's so sexy the way your hands behind you pull it tight over
your breasts, and your gorgeous naked legs and your rippling thighs
and your curving calves."

   "Daddy--would you think about Barbara, please?"

   "I could have you both. Why shouldn't I have both of you?"

   "I don't want you, Daddy."

   "You didn't want those four boys either. But they got you."

   "All right, Daddy. Do what you want. I can't stop you."

   "Your mouth first."

   "Must I?"

   "I could force you. It might be fun."

   "I'll do it."

   "On your knees."

   "Of course. That's how you'd want it, right?"

   "I'll sit right here. You kneel down in front of me."

   "Like this?"

   "Here."

   "Great. It's all big and hard from watching your daughter parade
around with her body showing and her hands--"

   "Ann."

   "Yes, Daddy."

   "Do it."

   "All right, Daddy."

   "Yes. Oh. Yes. Oh. Oh. Christ. Oh god Christ. Yes. All of it.
Yes. Ann. Christ. Oh Jesus. Do it. Slowly. Slowly, slowly. Oh my
god, Annie. Your mouth. Don't stop. Lick it. Lick it too. I can't
stand it. That's so good. Oh. Damn. Look at you. On your knees,
half-naked, with my cock in your mouth. Your father's cock. Sucking
it. Such a good little cock-sucker. And only sixteen. How many boys
have you done this for, Annie? Oh do it, yes, do it, yes. I can't
stand this. Stop. Stop, Ann. Stop now."

   "All right, Daddy. Are you getting a kick out of this?"

   "Do you want me to hurt you, Ann? Like those four boys did? Do
you?"

   "No."

   "That was certainly fascinating, what they did to you. The way
they had you twisting and writhing and howling and begging them to
stop. Remember, Ann?"

   "Yes."

   "I could try that. Shall I?"

   "No, Daddy. Please don't."

   "Say you're sorry."

   "I'm sorry."

   "I'm going to come in your mouth, Annie. I want you to make me
shoot in your mouth now, all right?"

   "Yes, Daddy."

   "And I want you to swallow it all, do you understand?"

   "Yes, Daddy."

   "All right. But first I want you to give me Barbara's phone
number."

   "Why?"

   "I'm going to call her up."

   "Now?"

   "Yes, now. Why not? I'll tell her that you told me all about her
and then I'll invite her to come over. How's that?"

   "Daddy, if you--if I--if Barbara--"

   "What's the number, Ann?"

   "I--It's six two nine four two eight six."

   "Thank you. Now you can start sucking again. That's it. Oh,
that's a good girl. You just go on like that, just keep up that
slow, steady pace. I'm going to call Barbara now. Oh, damn, what a
fine sweet lovely little cock-sucker you are. I saw you doing it
for all those boys, and it certainly looked good from my position.
The boys enjoyed it a hell of a lot, for sure, although you didn't.
You were crying, as I recall. But that only added to it from my
point of view. But I didn't know just how damn good you are, Ann.
Make me come, Ann. Make me shoot it down your throat. That's the
girl. Don't stop. I'm going to dial now. Six, two, nine, four, two,
eight, six. It's ringing, Ann. I hope Barbara is home. Hello?
Hello. Is this Barbara? Ah, good. How are you, Barbara? This is
Ann's father. That's right. Mr. Youngman. Ann? Ann is fine. Just
fine. In fact, Ann suggested that I call you, Barbara. That's
right. Why do you think Ann did that? You don't know? Can you
hazard a guess, Barbara? I think you can. See, Ann has told me all
about what she has on you, Barbara. Oh yes, yes indeed. I know it
all. Which is why Ann wanted me to call you. Now, Barbara, I'm sure
you understand. Ann? You want to talk to Ann? Oh, I'm sorry,
Barbara, but I'm afraid you can't talk to Ann right now. She's kind
of busy, you see. Shall I tell you what she's doing? You might find
it instructive. So listen closely, Barbara. Right now Ann is
kneeling in front of me, on the floor, half naked, with her hands
tied behind her back, and she's sucking on my cock. That's what Ann
is doing. And I can't let her stop and talk to you right now,
because any second now I'm going to come in Annie's sexy little
mouth. How does that sound, Barbara? Barbara is dumfounded, Ann.
And frightened, I think. Poor Barbara. Do you suck cock too,
Barbara? Ann says you'll do anything. Ann says you have to do
anything she wants. That means anything I want. Right, Barbara?
Barbara says, quote, oh god, oh god, unquote. That's exciting.
That's really exciting. I'm going to come. Barbara, you frightened
young bitch, I'm going to come in Ann's mouth. Right in my
daughter's mouth. Now. Ann. Now. Do it. Yes. Oh Christ yes! Ann.
Now. Now! Yes! Take it! Take! It! Now! Now. Now!! Augghhhh!! Aughh.
Ohh. Oh god. Oh. Oh shit, oh. Ann. Annie. Swallow. Again. Again.
All of it. Again. That's my girl. Yes. Ann. Stay right there. No,
don't let it go, Ann. Hold it in your mouth. Just keep it right
where it is. I know it will get hard again soon. Very soon. So you
just stay right there. Barbara? As you heard, I just came down my
daughter's throat. I'd love to do that in your throat too, Barbara.
If I recall aright, your mouth is almost as sexy as Ann's. And you
have a good little body, don't you, Barbara? Barbara's not
answering. Don't be modest, Barb. I can picture your body all
right. Good firm breasts and a curvy torso and long slim but
luscious-looking legs. Right? And long blonde hair. Right? Yes.
That's good, Barbara. I can't wait to see you again. Why don't you
pay us a visit, okay, Barb? What? Yes, right now. Come right over.
But I insist, Barbara. I insist, and Ann insists too, right, Ann?
Ann says yes. Oh, Barbara? What are you wearing? Take it off. Now
don't argue, Barbara. See, Ann isn't wearing anything but this old
torn shirt. With nothing under it. And that's all. That's how I
want you to dress, Barb. Okay? Good girl. You know, I'm getting
stiff again just from listening to the way your voice is shaking.
You can start sucking again, Annie. Until Barbara can take over.
Oh, one other thing, Barb. Did I tell you that Ann's hands are tied
in back of her? Oh, I did. Good. Well, I want you that way too,
Barbara. Yes. That's what I said. I want your hands behind you,
wrists tied together. And I'm talking tightly, Barb. Tightly.
That's how Ann's are. What, Barb? I can't hear you too well with
your voice shaking so much. What? How will you get your hands tied
that way? Well, I guess you'll have to get somebody to do that for
you, Barb. It seems like the only way, doesn't it? What? Who? How
do I know? Isn't anybody around that can do it for you? Now come
on, Barb, somebody must be around. Just who? Your--your brother.
Billy. Well why don't you ask him? You can't? Why not? I don't care
about that, Barbara. Ask Billy. Let's see, how old is Billy? A year
younger than you.  Oh, well, I'm sure Billy would do it for you if
you asked him nicely. What? You can't? Yes you can, Barbara. I know
you can. And you will. Won't you? Oh--you think Billy will tell.
But I'll bet you can convince him not to. Can't you, Barbara? How?
Do something nice for him, Barb. Fuck for him. Or suck his cock for
him. You can, Barb. I don't care. If he blackmails you, you'll just
have to go down for him any time he wants you, won't you? Oh,
Barbara's crying. She's really crying. Christ, Ann, suck me, I want
to come again. Barbara? Be at my house in half an hour. As ordered.
Will you do that? Good. Ann. Stop. Stay that way. Now tell me what
you have on Barbara."

   "Daddy--"

   "I'm waiting."

   "You know those four boys who raped me?"

   "Well?"

   "It wasn't the first time."

   "What?"

   "Last month. Barbara and I went for a ride in their car and they
took us to this clubhouse and raped us. Along with two other guys.
All of them, okay? Finally Barbara got hold of a gun and shot one
of them. Killed him. Barb got away, but I didn't. So they got me
down and spread me out and started in on me again. After that they
started putting out cigarettes all over my body. Okay? Then they
hung me up by my wrists and took turns whipping me with their
belts. Then they had me suck them all off. And I was lucky to get
out. That's why they came back tonight and did it all again, with
you watching. Because nobody knows who Barbara is. If I tell them,
Barb will not survive what they'll do to her. That's why she'll do
what you want, Daddy."

   "By your wrists? Naked? From the ceiling?"

   "Yes."

   "Did you scream?"

   "What do you think?"

   "I'd like to make you scream."

   "Why not make Barbara scream instead?"

   "Why not in addition?"

   "Daddy, shall I suck you some more?"

   "No. I want to hurt you. I want you screaming when Barbara shows
up. I want her to hear you screaming from a block away. Think how
frightened she'll be when she knocks on the door."

   "I'll do anything. Daddy, I'll do anything. Please. I'll help
you with Barbara. I'll hold her down for you. I'll whip her back
while you whip her front. Think about that, Daddy. I'll--"

   "Sit on my lap."

   "Daddy--"

   "Sit on my lap and fuck me. Or else you can light me a
cigarette. You know I just bought a new pack. So I have twenty
cigarettes to use on your body. And Ann, you will light every one
of them for me. I don't care how long it takes. You'll do it. And
I'll burn you until you're hoarse from screaming and howling and
yelling and shrieking and bellowing and hollering and you can't beg
any more, all you can do is roll around, helplessly rolling on the
floor, squirming and straining, hands pinned in back of you,
helplessly trying to avoid the next touch of the cigarette to your
nipple. And--"

   "I'll do it, Daddy."

   "On my lap. Spread your thighs. Ah. Ah good. Oh Christ I'm in
I'm inside you, Ann, I'm fucking my daughter, I'm doing it, I'm
fucking my luscious daughter. Up and down, Ann. Now kiss me. Ummmm.
Don't stop. Ah, that must be Barbara. Come in! Well, it is Barbara.
And just as I ...]  "Ann, your father's face is a mess.  Strange
how one bullet can really ruin your day.  How does it feel to be a
necrophiliac?  You are a bitch Ann, Goodbye."     "Please, Barbara
...]      "Five more to go." 




                                            HOW SHE WORKS
                                                by V.P. Viddler

	"Hello, JoAnn."
	"What do you want?"
	"Don't you know?"
	"Get out."
	"This is Ricky. Ricky, JoAnn."
	"Get out right now."
	"I told Ricky about you."
	"Please leave or I'll call the police."
	"Now, JoAnn."
	"No, Jerry. Please."
	"I told Ricky I'd show him how you work."
	"No. Just no."
	"Watch, Rick."
	"I'm warning you, Jerry."
	"Cunt."
	"No."
	"Dirty cunt."
	"Don't. Please don't."
	"Filthy little cunt."
	"Oh god no. No."
	"Watch, Ricky. Watch this."
	"Please, Jerry, please."
	"JoAnn. Look at me. Twat."
	"Oh god. Oh my god. Don't."
	"Cocksucker."
	"Oh."
	"Stand still, JoAnn."
	"Oh no. Please. I don't want this. God please."
	"Watch, Rick. This is how she works. Isn't this how you work, JoAnn?"
	"You bastard, you son of a bitch bastard."
	"Cunt. Whore. Twat. Bitch. Slut. Cocksucker."
	"Oh oh god oh ah oh ah no oh Jesus I."
	"Watch, Ricky."
	"I can't."
	"Stand up straight, JoAnn."
	"Please. Not this way. I can't. Not with him watching."
	"You will, JoAnn. With him watching. Won't you?"
	"No. Oh please no."
	"Take off your blouse, JoAnn."
	"No. No. I."
	"Shit-eater."
	"Ah Jesus."
	"The blouse, JoAnn. Good girl. Isn't that nice, Ricky?"
	"Don't."
	"Your skirt now."
	"I won't. I can't."
	"You filthy slut whore, take off that skirt."
	"Oh I oh I nooo."
	"Beautiful. What great legs you have. Doesn't she, Ricky? Fantastic
thighs."
	"Leave me alone."
	"Don't be silly, JoAnn."
	"You bastard. I."
	"JoAnn."
	"Please."
	"You know what to do."
	"Please. I can't."
	"Take off that brassiere."
	"I won't. I won't do any more. Go away. I'll."
	"Silly twat bitch. Fuckmouth cunt. Now."
	"Ah ah ah you ah all right. Oh. God."
	"Lovely. Hands down, JoAnn. All the way down. Right. Love your breasts.
Don't you, Rick? All round and firm and gorgeous. Ricky likes them too, baby.
Look at him. He wants to fuck you."
	"No. Jerry, please don't. Please don't..."
	"Slide those panties off."
	"You."
	"Right now, cunt face. Do it. That's right, that's it. Drop them. All
right. Look at her, Rick. All naked. All ours."
	"Jerry please."
	"Stand still. Just stand there, JoAnn. Rick and I want to look at your
body."
	"Bastard."
	"All right. Lie down."
	"No."
	"Now, JoAnn. You know what's going to happen."
	"No."
	"Bitch."
	"No."
	"I'm going to fuck you."
	"No."
	"And you're going to fuck me. Aren't you?"
	"No."
	"Cunt."
	"No."
	"Whore."
	"Please."
	"Pig."
	"Please no."
	"You're going to fuck me."
	"Please."
		 "Cunt."
	"Oh."
	"And Ricky's going to watch."
	"No no."
	"And watch."
	"God."
	"And then you'll suck my cock."
	"I can't do this."
	"You will. Won't you?"
	"I."
	"And when I'm finished with you."
	"No."
	"Yes. It will be Ricky's turn."
	"You can't."
	"I can. I will. And you will. Won't you?"
	"No."
	"Whore cunt shit bitch?"
	"Please."
	"Won't you, cocksucker?"
	"I--I--I--"
	"Get down. Lie down, whore. Spread. Real wide. Look, Rick. Look at her.
This is JoAnn. Want her?"
	"Don't."
	"Here I am, baby. Here I am. Right on top of you. Right inside you. Now!
Ahhh. Ohhh. Jesus. Fuck, JoAnn. Ah. Fuck me. Yes. Yes. Yes. Fuck me."
	"Oh god I."
	"Fuck me. Fucking me. Can't stop yourself, can you? Can you, whore. Do
it. Lovely. Lovely. Watch, Rick. Watch this cunt fucking me. She'll do it for
you next. Won't you, baby? Keep fucking, JoAnn."
	"I hate you."
	"I know. Don't stop."
	"I hate you."
	"Good."
		"God, I hate you."
	"You fuck so nice, JoAnn. So nice."
	"I hate you, you bastard."
	"Look at how this body squirms. Go on, JoAnn. Twist and hump."
	"I hate your guts."
	"And you'll do it for Ricky too, right?"
	"I hate you."
	"Right, JoAnn?"
	"I hate this."
	"Right, cunt?"
	"Yes. Bastard."
	"Don't stop. You can't stop. Can you, JoAnn."
	"God."
	"Twat fucker."
	"You. Dirty. Oh Jesus."
	"You'll do anything, JoAnn. You'll suck Ricky's cock for him, wont you?"
	"I hate you."
	"Won't you? Cunt?"
	"Ah. Yes."
	"And swallow his come. Right?"
	"Ahh. You dirty you I."
	"Right?"
	"Yes."
	"Whore?"
	"Yes. Yes."
	"Do it to me, baby. Wrap those sexy legs around me, yeah. Keep fucking,
JoAnn. I love it."
	"God I hate you god I hate you."
	"Bitch. Your mouth is wet, JoAnn. I want to put my dick between those
lips and ram it into your throat."
	"Oh I can't oh I hate you Jesus."
		 "But first I'm going to come inside your twat, JoAnn."
	"Ah ah bastard bastard."
	"And you're going to come too."
	"Bastard bastard I oh."
	"Watch this, Rick. Watch JoAnn come."
	"No."
	"Come, baby. Come for me. Come for Ricky."
	"I hate you. I hate you."
	"Come for me, JoAnn. Come, whore. Come, shit. Come, cocksucking little
cunt fucker. Come."
	"You I hate you oh god oh Jesus I I'm I."
	"Watch, Ricky. Ricky's watching, JoAnn. I'm watching. You can't stop,
can you?"
	"I hate you. Oh I hate you."
	"Can't stop, can you, whore."
	"No. Ah. Ahh."
	"Coming, aren't you, you slut?"
	"Yes ah ah."
	"Coming for Ricky?"
	"Yes."
	"You'll fuck Ricky and suck Ricky, won't you, cocksucker?"
	"Yes."
	"Tell him. Tell us, JoAnn. Tell us."
	"Ahh ahh I hate you I hate you I'll fuck Ricky, I'll suck Ricky, I'm i
you bastard ahh aahhh."
	"Whore!"
		"I hate you I'm coming Watch me AAAIIIAAA..."




                        MAFIA

                    by V.P. Viddler



                          1



     Ralph was acting most strangely, and Bryll did not know why. But darling,
why do I have to go to this thing? Bryll asked again. If it's just going to be
one of those boring family business things... You do, Ralph said shortly. My
father wants us both there. It's important. But why? It just is, Bryll. That's
all. You'll find out. Now get ready, I don't want to be late. Sighing, Bryll put
on a plain but attractive black dress which came down to mid-calf. Nothing too
fancy or too daring for Ralph's family. This was obviously going to be a formal
gathering, though not really a social affair. Family business. Usually a big
bore, and why they insisted that she attend this one tonight Bryll could not
imagine. But no way could she say no to the family. La famiglia. No way at all.
Sighing, Bryll finished dressing. How do I look? All right, Ralph said, but he
was frowning. What was wrong with him? What was going on? It couldn't be....no.
No way. No way he...or his family...could possibly know...about David....

     Down to the first floor. To Ralph's father's sanctum. Ralph knocking at the
door. Come in. It was a fairly big room, dark, still, but now lit with many
lamps and populated by what seemed at first to be many men. Family. Don Ricardo,
Ralph's father, sat behind his big wooden desk. To his right stood Don
Palladino, his brother and consiglieri; to his left, Bruno Montera, his
bodyguard, large, still, mountainous and menacing. Looking around, Bryll saw
most of the other Dons of the family standing and sitting about the room. Don
Francisco, Ricardo's other brother, fat, gross-looking, cigar-smoking. Don
Alberto, his oldest son. Don Gabrilli, Don Louis, Don Cabrini. And others.
Cousins. Uncles. In-laws. And by a window, old Don Padrone, Ralph's grandfather,
the patriarch, the wasted but still powerful family head, once boss of bosses,
now a distant god. All the family men, it appeared. Waiting. Watching. For what?
And why was she the only woman? If this was just business, why was she here?
What was going on?

     Don Ricardo, as always, was most polite and soft-spoken. Ah. Good. You are
here. How are you, Bryll? I'm good, thank you, Don Ricardo. And you? Bryll had
to admit she was nervous. But why? I am not too well, alas, Don Ricardo said.
Not too well, Bryll. His eyes, always bright, always formidable, almost scared
Bryll. As did the way he said her name. Always. And now again. Her waspy,
non-Italian name. Bryll. An outsider.  Not even a catholic. Brought into his
family by his son, accepted, she knew, provisionally, for Ralph's sake, but
always an outsider. Suspicious. Not to be trusted. Bryll's throat was suddenly
dry. It couldn't be....

     No, Don Ricardo was saying. Not well at all. Looking at Bryll, his gaze
boring holes in her brain. Betrayal, Don Ricardo said. Betrayal makes a man ill.
Do you understand me, Bryll? I--no, Bryll said. But she was shaking just a
little. Striving to breathe evenly, Bryll got hold of herself. What do you mean,
Don Ricardo? Don Ricardo waited. Betrayal, he said. Betrayal of my family. Of my
son. Of our honor. Our traditions. I think you know, my son's wife, that in our
family that is not tolerated. I think you must know that. It is not accepted; it
is not condoned; it is not permissible. And it does not go unpunished. I--I'm--I
don't know what you... Bryll said.

     Don Ricardo stood up. We have something to show to you, Don Ricardo said.
Sit down, Bryll. Sit right here. Coming around his desk, motioning her to a
chair in the front row of chairs lined up across his room. Front and center. The
other chairs filled with family, waiting, watching. Smoking. Still. But for one
chair to the right of Bryll's, in which, once she was seated, Don Ricardo sat.
Ralph had gone to stand in the back, now standing against a wall. Why was he not
with her? Don Ricardo to her right. Don Palladino to her left. And now, in a
chair just behind her, Bruno Montera. What? What was it? Bryll was frightened
now.

     A signal from Don Ricardo. A wall panel opening, showing a television. A
flickering. And it began playing. A tape. It was a tape of...it was a room, and
it looked familiar, it was....no...dear god, Bryll thought, it's a dream, let me
wake up, please god... But it was not a dream. Now there was David. In bed.
Calling. Bryll? Sound. Sound, color, vivid, clear, god no, it can't be,
please... I'm coming, darling. Her voice. And now Bryll on the screen. Christ.
That nightgown. No. No don't... She was taking it off. Posing for David,
smiling, turning, walking for him, slipping the nightgown off. A black skimpy
bra. Black skimpy panties. David looking.

     Silence in this room now. Utter stillness. Bryll shaking her head, trying
to deny, to block this out. It couldn't be. No please. If this was...but it
was... Oh Christ. Bryll almost screamed. She started to get up. Don Ricardo put
a hand on her arm. It was tight. It hurt. It was a warning and a promise. Bryll
stayed as she was. Shaking hard now. Almost choking. Almost vomiting. And on the
screen Bryll took off her black brassiere.      Chairs creaking in the room, the
dons shifting, leaning forward, gazing. And Bryll on screen taking off the
skimpy black panties. Slowly. Rolling them down. Slowly. For David. Who was
saying, oh yeah, baby. That's it. Show it all to me. Now bring it to me, baby.
And Bryll walking to the bed, to him, lying down with him, and now the camera
had a very good view, and Bryll's head was spinning, her heart was pounding as
part of her insanely was figuring the location of the camera and most of her was
drowning in fear, in shame, in horror, in humiliation, in frantic, pounding
fright. No please. God please, it's not real, ohhh Christ....

     It was real. Around her now loud breathing, audibly loud, shifting of
positions, low murmurs, as on the bed Bryll and David kissing, bodies rubbing,
entwining, now David on top of her, his hard cock, putting it in her and christ
she was moaning, on the screen Bryll was moaning and saying yes, yes David, oh
jesus yes.... and now Bryll's long luscious legs around his body, tight around
him, clutching, pulling, and David moving, doing it to her, and both of them
twisting, squirming, pounding, and Bryll now in her chair trying to scream but
unable to produce sounds, trying to get up now, but Don Ricardo holding onto her
arm, fingers digging, and Don Palladino clutching at her other arm, and now,
behind her, Bruno Montera had hold of her long tawny hair, pulling at it,
pulling her head back, holding her down, straining her scalp, and Bryll was
moaning now in the chair as well as on the screen, but moaning not with passion,
but with fright, and pain. With terror and agony. Sitting and moaning and
shaking and hurting, with aching arms held fast and scalp burning as Bruno held
her hair, pulling just enough to allow her still to watch that tape... I am
dead, Bryll thought, they will kill me, as now she was on top of David, sitting
on his hips, moving up and down, naked breasts bouncing, thighs churning,
fucking David joyously, laughing. David's hands on her body, David arching and
coming and Bryll crying out, throwing back her head, writhing in ecstasy.
Christ. Ralph was standing back there, watching too, would he allow them to kill
her? Would he have any say in it? Probably not. Probably he wouldn't want to
stop it anyway. Now she was--oh god. Jesus. Going down on David now, all up
there, all of them watching, murmuring now, her mouth on his body, going down,
kissing his cock, moaning, licking it, David grinning and arching, now taking it
in her mouth, taking it in in a way she had never done for Ralph, oh god, Ralph
watching, all of them watching, that moaning mouth swallowing his cock, twisting
on it, now sucking it, slowly, lovingly, sucking, up and down, up and down,
faster, slower, David groaning, up and down, David pulling at her but Bryll
staying as she was, looking up at him and sucking him, sucking him, on and on,
until David came in her mouth and christ his gism spilling out of her lips and
running down her face and Bryll sucking and licking and rubbing.... Closing her
eyes, ohh christ, and now Don Ricardo digging his nails into her skin and
saying, Watch, Bryll. Watch it all. Watch it, slut pig. Watch! And she did....

     It was over. Silence. Don Ricardo and Don Palladino released her arms.
Bruno let go of her hair. Bryll didn't move. It was no use. She wasn't going out
of that room, she knew, until she was told she could. If she ever was. Don
Ricardo now going back behind his desk, sitting. Looking at Bryll. A whore, Don
Ricardo said finally. A whore in our family. A fucking Protestant whore. She had
not known him to swear before. Bryll was shaking. Forcing sounds from her
choking throat, Bryll said, Are you going to kill me? Don Ricardo gazing at her.
Killing is too good for you, Don Ricardo said. Killing is vengeance. It is not
punishment. We will punish you. In this family we punish betrayal. Not to say we
may not kill you still. But that is for another day. For now it is to punish
you. How will we do that. Don Ricardo looked around. Father? he said. Old Don
Padrone stood slowly. His voice was a soft croak. Whipping, Don Padrone said.
Whipping to within an inch of her life. And branding, Don Padrone said. And sat
down. Palladino? said Don Ricardo. Don Palladino did not stand. Whipping, he
said. And branding. Don Francisco? Whipping. Don Cabrini? Whipping and branding.
Don Louis? Whipping. Branding. Don Gabrillo? Whipping and branding. Don
Francisco? Don Francisco stood slowly. The woman is a whore, Don Francisco said.
She should be treated as a whore. Of course, Don Ricardo said.

     Bryll was almost numb as two dons lifted her from the chair, pulling her
forward toward Don Ricardo's desk. Placing her against it, facing Don Ricardo,
they bent Bryll across it, pushing her body down so that her breasts jammed
against its surface, her chin also touching it as she fought to raise her head,
looking with panicky eyes into Don Ricardo's impassive face. Don Ricardo took
hold of Bryll's wrists, pulling at her arms to hold her in position, pinning
them down as he sat there. Bryll's body was sharply bent, her posterior sticking
up and out, her dress skirt hiking slightly on her shaking calves. Bryll was
gasping with fright, pain and shock. What-- she started to say. What--what are
you--

     Bruno, Don Ricardo said. Bruno moved behind Bryll and stooping slightly,
pulled up the bottom of her dress. Now he was ripping it, splitting it up the
back to the waist. Letting it fall, hanging now in two halves on either side of
Bryll's lower body, showing naked calves and thighs and that round jutting
protruding rump tightly encased in thin white panties. All of it, Don Ricardo
said. Bryll was suddenly struggling almost unconsciously, fighting against his
grip on her wrists, pulling, tugging, but to no avail. And Bruno Montera had his
hands on the waistband of her panties, and now ripped them from her, baring her
behind, dropping the ruined cloth to the floor. Bryll was crying now.

     Ralph, Don Ricardo said.

     Ralph came forward. Bryll was still frantically pulling at Ricardo's grip,
but it was no use. Turning her head Bryll saw Ralph advancing, saw him
unbuckling his belt, saw him pull it off. Holding it by the buckle, winding it
around his hand a few times, finding the right length. No, Bryll said,
whinnying, gasping, no god no....

     Ralph, Don Ricardo said. Do it right. Don't stint.

     Don't worry, Ralph said.

     Bryll gave a cry like a terrified animal. Which is what she was, she
thought, as Ralph raised his arm. No please....she got out.

     A swishing. A crack. A scream.

     A line of fire across her behind. It was her screaming, Bryll realized and
she was already screaming again. Screaming first in pain, then in anticipation
as Ralph swung again. And then in agony. No. No no it couldn't no. Swish. Crack.
Scream. No. Swish. No. Crack. Scream. The pain unbearable. Swish. Crack. Bryll
was screaming continuously now. She couldn't stop. Again and again, swish and
crack and agony exploding across her behind and throughout her body. Swish and
this time on her thighs, crack! Swish, never stopping, on and on, again and
again, and Ralph panting now and the strap rising and falling and Bryll was
twisting and kicking now, trying somehow, anyhow to get away from that ongoing
horror, stamping her feet and kicking and flailing her legs until Ralph said,
Hold her legs, keep the bitch still. And two of them, Bryll couldn't tell which,
stooping, right and left, each taking an ankle, pulling her legs open, holding
them wide, holding them tightly, off the floor so that she was resting on the
desk, its edge cutting into her stomach, crying and howling and twisting and
trying to beg as Ralph's whipping went on and on, and the dons now voicing
approval, watching, urging him on, swish, crack, swish crack swish crack Crack
CRACK CRACK CRACK.....

     Had she lost consciousness? Bryll didn't know. But Ralph had stopped
whipping, though the agony was hardly diminished, and she was still in position,
Don Ricardo holding her wrists, two others holding her legs apart, and now Don
Ricardo was saying, Look at me, whore. But she couldn't. Look at me, pig. And
now a hand in her hair, it was Ralph, pulling her head up sharply, Bryll crying
out horribly with the pain in her scalp and looking now forcibly into Don
Ricardo's face, his furiously burning gaze, whinnying in agony, gasping and
sobbing. Cocksucking cunt whore, Ricardo said. And Ricardo spat full in Bryll's
face, hard and copiously, spat as Ralph's brutal pulling hand kept her that way.
Bryll took it as though struck by lightning. But Ralph still held her hair.
Cock-loving whore, Ricardo said. All right. You like cock, slut? You like that
maricon's cock, that one you were fucking? That man you sucked off, that
motherfucking bastard you betrayed my son with, betrayed my family with, you got
off on sucking his cock, right? All right then. All right, whore of Babylon,
cheating worthless slut whore. All right. Suck it now. Suck it all you want.
Here it is. This is his cock. His cock and his balls. All for you, cunt. All for
you. Here!!

     And Don Ricardo took from a drawer what looked like-- And Bryll was
screaming, a sound dissimilar to the sounds she had made under the whip, a new
sound, an unconceivable sound, a cry of horror so profound that it sent chills
through all of them. And almost fainting, but that Ralph still held her head up
by her hair. For what Ricardo held was a cock and balls, a human cock and balls,
bloody still, soft with horror, and Bryll knew it was David's, knew without a
shadow of a doubt, David, oh good Christ, they had killed him. Castrated and
killed him, and Bryll was crying and almost vomiting, and Ralph was pulling
still harder at her hair, dragging her head far back, forcing her mouth, no,
jesus god NOOOOOOO...forcing Bryll's mouth open and Don Ricardo saying All
right, slut pig, suck this. Suck on it all you want. Eat it up, whore! And no,
he was stuffing it in her mouth, no god no, pushing it into her wide gasping
sobbing screaming mouth, noooo please christ, stuffing it in brutally and Bryll
gagging and choking and almost vomiting NOOOOOO...and god Bruno Matera was there
with a gag, Ralph holding her head still, Ricardo pinning her wrists, two dons
still holding her ankles apart, Bruno placing the gag over Bryll's mouth and
pulling it tight and tying it off and it was so tight and it kept her from
spitting the thing out of her mouth, held it in inexorably and Bryll was still
choking and gagging and retching, mouth filled with David's dead cock and balls
and struggling through all that pain and agony and horror struggling not to
vomit for now she knew if she did she would suffocate and probably they would
let her, would enjoy watching her slowly agonizingly choking to death on her own
vomit, so she had to fight it down, the disgusting bloody flesh filling her
mouth, its taste on her tongue, in her throat, Bryll making awful muffled throat
sounds through that tight gag, twitching and bucking and bridling as they
watched, struggling to breathe slowly through her nose, and finally Ralph let go
of her hair and Bryll's face hit the desk again.

     Ralph? Don Ricardo said.

     No. Ralph's voice. I won't touch her.

     Bruno, Ricardo said. Fuck her ass.

     No. All the saints in heaven stop this. For god's sake it couldn't... Bruno
stepping behind her, no, his hands, his huge hands on her buttocks, christ no
please...spreading, pulling apart, showing Bryll's anus my god you can't, please
anything, you can't let this... Bryll struggled to raise her head, to look into
Ricardo's face again, to plead, beg, to say she would do anything, that she was
sorry, that anything at all no for god's please jesus but now Bruno unzipping
and Bryll felt his christ so big no and she tried to scream and couldn't,
nothing but tiny whimpering sounds, so frantic, so desperate, and straining,
pulling, hands holding so tightly, fighting with no strength left to her and his
huge thing at her anus and straining no and.....

     Ringing in her ears and her body and her soul and loud but faint but
distant but distinct sounds of men laughing, shouting, urging him on, praising
him, Bryll floating on agony and horror, as Bruno fucked her ass. Hard.
Brutally. Savagely. Uncaringly. Plunging, raping, lunging, ripping, in crass
deliberate violation in front of the family and Bryll praying to pass out but
not doing so, howling like an animal around the bloody dead flesh in her mouth,
against the numbing stifling gag at her lips, unearthly sounds coming out,
inhuman sounds, and Bryll's body out of control but imprisoned by hands and now
animalistically violated for their satisfaction, for their delectation, for
their vengeance and for their lust.

     When finally with a roar Bruno finished in her Bryll was suddenly released
and slid to the floor, lying prone, sobbing, moaning, retching, twitching, half
naked and filthy.

     Stand up, Don Ricardo said.

     She couldn't. Could not move at all.

     Stand up, whore.

     Floating toward unconsciousness.

     Ralph, Don Ricardo said.

     Ralph standing above her. That strap, no. Rising, no. Coming down. Across
her back. A piteously muffled scream. Now Ralph's hand again in her hair,
pulling. Merciless. Bryll with cries of pain scrambled somehow to her knees,
Ralph pulling upwards, Bryll standing now, swaying, shaking, whimpering. A nod
from Ricardo and Ralph now ripping the tape from Bryll's mouth. Reflexively
Bryll spat out the thing in her mouth, pushing, retching, spitting, getting it
out and gasping frantically for air, mouth wide, bosom heaving.

     Strip, whore, Ricardo said.

     Bryll swimming at the brink of fainting. Dress torn from the waist down,
lower body exposed, she stared at Ricardo. Show it to us, cunt, Ricardo said.
All of it. Show it to us like you showed it to him. Pointing contemptuously at
the still bloody piece of flesh on the floor. Bryll was trembling, shaking her
head without knowing she was doing it. Looking at Ralph, standing with the strap
still in his hand. Almost unconscious now with horror and agony and humiliation,
Bryll lifted a hand, two hands, to the front of what was left of her dress. Turn
around, Ricardo said, face the family, show all of us. And Ricardo rose again
and came around and sat in a chair and Bryll was facing them all, all of them
watching, waiting, and they had seen it all anyway on the tape, but this was
different, this was in person, and personal, and it was for shaming her and
violating her and degrading her and Bryll sobbed and began to unbutton the
buttons. In a sudden profound silence. All the buttons. Down to the waist.
Pulling the dress apart. Slipping it off, dropping it. Facing them in only a
brassiere. Black. Waiting. Silent. Bryll was crying openly. As she reached in
back of her and pulled the hooks apart. Now slipping off the straps, hesitating
but not long it was futile, and Bryll dropped the bra and dropped her hands
helplessly and stood for their inspection. Now gasps and murmurs and soft groans
and shifting in seats. Standing for a long time. Until Ricardo said, Don
Padrone?

     Yes, Don Padrone said.

     Ricardo said, Go to him.

     Walking across the room. Bryll did not know how. She was numb. But now
standing in front of the small old man. Who raised his wrinkly spotted  hands
and placed them on her breasts. Bryll made a sound. The old man's fingers found
her nipples, taking them in thumb and forefinger. And squeezed. Hard. Bryll
screamed. Don Padrone pulled downward, forcing Bryll to her knees in front of
him, writhing in pain and moaning. Take it, Don Padrone hissed. Take it out,
girl. Still pinching her nipples. Crying, Bryll got his fly open and his small
half limp cock into the air. He let go of the nipples and clutched both hands in
her hair. Hard. Do it, girl. Do it now. And with no choice the kneeling Bryll
brought her mouth to him and took his twitching cock into it and began to suck
him, sobbing, shaking, watched by all, sucking the ancient cock, making it grow
hard in her mouth, hearing his stertorous breathing above her bobbing head,
feeling her own tears coursing down her face, the pain in her scalp, the bile in
her throat, the lustful shouts of watching men, the gasping commands of the old
man. Lick, girl. Lick it for me... Doing it, using her tongue, taking all of
him, frantic to finish and stop the pain, but knowing it would never stop and
now he was coming in her mouth and down her throat and Bryll had to swallow, she
knew she had to swallow and she did, trying not to gag, to choke, taking it
down, swallowing, and as finally he was done Bryll sinking again to the floor,
gasping for air, curling, writhing, spasming in shame and terror.

     To me now, Don Palladino said from the other side of the room. Bryll slowly
trying to stand, knowing she couldn't but trying, but now Ricardo said, No.
Don't get up. Crawl, whore. Crawl to him. Crawl for us all. And all of them
waiting. Watching as Bryll got somehow, painfully, slowly, awkwardly, onto her
hands and knees, and then, slowly, painfully, awkwardly, began to crawl across
the room. On all fours, like an animal. A dog. A pig. Crawling in front of the
watching men. Crawling along the floor. Naked. Crying. Shaking. Crawling. All
the way across the room. To Don Palladino.

     His cock was already out. Don Palladino also grabbed her hair and made use
of Bryll's mouth, grunting and groaning as she pleasured him, but soon pulling
away, pushing Bryll down onto her back on the floor, stripping himself rapidly,
and Bryll crying out from who knows what unexpected depths, No oh god no please
no don't do it please please I can't.... Why that outcry now, why when obviously
it was futile, much too late, christ why, but jesus Ralph was standing above her
and the strap and no no please I'm sorry, but too late and Bryll tried to roll
over, roll away, and Ralph said, hold her. Please, Bryll said, moaning,
bleating, please no I... But two of them taking her arms and somebody holding
her legs and holding her spread out, sprawled out and helpless and it was no
use, this time Ralph was going to teach her, and the strap rising high and
coming down and cracking viciously across her breasts, and Bryll howling and
almost pulling away from the hands, bucking wildly, but the strap again,
CRRRAAAACCKKK on her breasts and again and Bryll screaming and saying please and
Ralph almost mad with rage and WHAP CRACK SWISH CRACK! Her breasts on fire and
Bryll shrilling herself hoarse. Okay, Ricardo said finally and Ralph stopped and
sat down and Ricardo said Now. Bryll. Whore. All right, Bryll said, gasping,
sobbing, All right all right all right allright please god yes anything, and
Ricardo said, Let the bitch go and they did and Ricardo said, Ask Don Palladino
to fuck the shit out of you, and Bryll said, got it out somehow, said, Don
Palladino please...sobbing but saying it. Please fuck the shit out of me, Bryll
said. Spread for him, Ricardo said. Spread it all out for him. For all of us.
And Bryll did, spreading her legs apart and opening her arms and arching her
body, that aching, tortured, pain-wracked naked voluptuous body. And Don
Palladino took it, fucking the shit out of her just as Bryll had asked him to.

     And then all of them did. All of them taking her, taking her in every way,
using her cunt and her ass and her mouth. Singly, and in twos, and in threes,
and in groups. Raping Bryll constantly. Making her crawl. Making her suck.
Making her do anything they could think of. All night long. All of them but
Ralph. It went on and on through the night. At one point they took her into
Ricardo's small bathroom and put her in the bathtub and pissed all over her,
washing the gism off her body with piss, soaking her body and face and hair with
piss, making her drink it, laughing, joking, asking her if she liked it, and
Bryll said what they wanted, did what they wanted, and so they let her wash off
and clean up and then it began again. Raping. Fucking. Sucking. Crawling. And
they said Are you a whore, Bryll? And Bryll said yes. Say it, they said, and
Bryll said, I am a whore. Again and again she said it. I am a whore, I am a
slut, I am a cocksucking cunt bitch filthy whore...      And she was.

     And at dawn it was branding time. Don Francisco lit a fresh cigar in honor
of the occasion. Bryll was whimpering. Shaking. Don Francisco was smiling. Wait,
Don Padrone said. All night the old man had not participated, as though that
initial sucking had used up all his lust. But now he stood and took off his
clothing and lay down on his back on the floor. I want her as she is branded,
said Don Padrone. As she is taught whose she is. As that sign is burned into her
forever. Ours. La famiglia. La cosa nostra. Burn it into her flesh and burn it
into her brain. His cock was hard and quivering. Bring her to me, said Don
Padrone. And four of them picked Bryll up and brought her to him and pulling her
legs apart slid her down onto his upright cock, Bryll moaning and shaking, and
they twisted Bryll's arms back and down so that her body was arched backwards,
that writhing squirming terrified body pulled tautly back, breasts standing out,
standing up and out, nipples hard with fright, and struggling vainly as Don
Francisco puffed on his cigar, making it burn and glow redly, and crouched down
in front of her as Bryll writhed on Don Padrone's cock, the old man's hands
sliding up and down her thighs, savoring that soft smooth curvy flesh, savoring
Bryll's fear and helplessness. And now Don Francisco raised his hand, bringing
it forward, and now as he smilingly brought it into contact with Bryll's
straining, quivering body, as he slowly pressed it home and ground it
deliberately, painfully, mashingly, twistingly into Bryll's nipple and aureole,
burning, grinding, twisting, branding her for life, Don Padrone shot his ancient
dessicated gism triumphantly up into Bryll's jouncing, squirming, desperately
straining bucking spasming agony-dominated body.

     Bryll thought they would kill her, but they didn't. They put her in a room
upstairs, locking her in, and kept her there for a month. During that time
anybody who visited her had a right to have his will with her. And they all did.
But Ralph. All day they would stop in to fuck her. To rape her. And Bryll had to
do anything they wanted. To stay alive. And she did. For a month. One at a time
or two or more. Fucking and sucking and crawling and taking it in the ass and
doing what she had to do. To stay alive. Why? She didn't know. When Don
Francisco brought in the dog Bryll said no. Don Francisco gave her a choice. A
free choice. Not fucking the dog and dying. Slowly. Or fucking the dog after
being hung up by her wrists and whipped on every part of her body until he could
no longer raise his arm. Or fucking the dog after being tied down and having him
use his cigar again. All over her body. Bryll chose the second way. Long before
Don Francisco was tired she was begging to fuck the dog. Bryll's screaming on
that occasion attracted most of the dons to the room, so all of them ended up
watching her with the dog. Fucking it. And sucking it. And fucking it again. All
of them found it most satisfying.

     Finally as that month was up Bryll was let go. She could not walk. Bryll
crawled all the way to Ralph's room. Crawling to Ralph, begging him to take her
back. Sucking his cock. Licking his ass. Promising to be faithful always, and to
be his slave. Ralph hung her by her wrists from the ceiling and had her watch as
he fucked through the night with his new young girlfriend. Ralph asked Bryll if
his girlfriend could watch him whip her. Bryll said yes.





                                2



     Bryll was eating Don Francisco's shit. The fat cigar-smoking capo had
defacated into a bowl and put the result, two long thick brown turds, on the
table in front of the chair Bryll was sitting in, naked, with waist, torso and
legs bound tightly so that she could move only her arms. Clamps, agonizingly
tight, cruel alligator-tooth clamps, bit into her nipples, making her squirm and
writhe continually in the chair. Ralph had given Bryll to Don Francisco for the
day, to be his property, to do whatever he wanted with her or to her. Ralph did
that a lot, giving her to various of his family and friends, and sometimes to
virtual strangers. It was probably Don Francisco whom Bryll hated most to be
lent to. Don Francisco could hurt her unimaginably, could think up the most
agonizing torments; and that was what

he enjoyed doing most. It wasn't enough that the clamps kept her body in awful
pain, or that he could make her scream horribly for him any time he wanted to,
which was often, by grinding out his ubiquitous cigar on her shrinking helpless
body; he must show her how low, how degraded, how debased, how insignificant she
was by making her do things no human being with any thought of dignity or
self-worth could possibly do. But Bryll had no dignity or self-worth any more;
it was not allowed. Not if she wanted to stay alive. Don Francisco put his shit
in front of her. "Eat it all, girl," he said. "All of it, understand? I don't
care how long it takes you, I don't care how much you throw up, I don't care how
sick you get, I don't care if it takes all day and all night. You sit there till
you got it all down.

Clamps and all. And if I get bored I'll just burn you a bit, that's always fun.
Or use the whip. Or think up something new for you. Now eat it." Don Francisco
did not give Bryll a knife and fork; she had to use her hands. Bryll thought it
would not be possible for her to do it. Just the sight of the turds was
sickening to her, and the smell turned her stomach. But she had no choice. Bryll
began. As soon as she put the first tiny bit of shit into her mouth, she
vomited. Bending over as best she could to try to avoid splattering herself with
vomit and shit. Don Francisco laughed. You can clean it all up later, girl, Don
Francisco said. At that rate you'll have a big pile of it to work with. It will
be fun to watch you clean it up. With your hair maybe. Or with your tongue,
how's that? Bryll vomited again. Don

Francisco laughed. It took Bryll hours to eat it, hours of retching and gagging
and vomiting and crying and vomiting and hurting and writhing and desperate
swallowing. Hours of agony and horror. But she did it. Don Francisco took away
the ropes, but not the clamps, and then made Bryll get down on the floor and
roll around in the vomit and soil she had made. Bryll rolled for him. Don
Francisco said he would wash her off, and he pissed all over her, his piss
splashing on her filthy body and her aching breasts and her sobbing gasping
face. Drink, Don Francisco said, pissing at her mouth, and Bryll drank. Finally
Don Francisco took her into the bathroom and bound her to the shower head and
ran hot steaming water on her body till Bryll was screaming loudly enough to
attract attention from the whole house. Don Francisco was happy about that,
wanting them all to know his power, his

mastery, his skill with her disgraced and dishonored body. Clean, Bryll lay down
on the hard bathroom floor as Don Francisco delighted in taking her body,
crushing her with his punishing weight, pulling at her hair, mauling her breasts
with the clamps still on them, ramming her with his hard rampant merciless cock
and making her twist and buck and flail and cry out in pain and agony and horror
and degradation. Fucking her front and back, raping her vagina and her ass and
her mouth, laughing at her pain, laughing at her violation, making her suck him
for an hour, slow, fast, hard, soft, demanding her tongue, her lips, her throat,
and Bryll did it all, knowing that finally he would give her back to Ralph, who
would hang her swinging from the ceiling all night before giving her tomorrow
to....who....oh god....who.....





                                  3



     How she was to knock on the door Bryll did not know. Turning, knocking with
her elbow, not too loud, three times, turning back, waiting. Hoping nobody would
come down the hall. What would she do? What could she say? Who is it? A man's
voice. Probably Jim Ray Bursachi. That was the man Bryll had been sent to visit.
A man she did not know. Had not seen. Who had not met her. But a man to whom
Ralph was indebted. Bryll swallowed. It--it's Bryll. Bryll Dallaccio. Who? Oh
god. Please, Bryll thought. I--I'm Bryll Dallaccio, Ralph's wife. I--didn't
Ralph tell you I was coming? What the hell-- And footsteps now approaching the
door, the door opening. A man standing there. Annoyed. A not very good-looking
man, not young, not old. Not fat, not thin. A man. Looking at her. Looking at
Bryll standing there at his door in a thin tight pullover and a short tight
skirt. High heels. No stockings. No bra. And with her hands tied tightly behind
her, bound securely with strong thin rope. The man looking, starting, staring,
looking her up and down. Jesus, the man said. What-- A pause. Ralph, huh? Ralph
sent you? I thought he told you, Bryll got out. No. So okay. Come on in. Bryll
did, and he was closing the door, turning, looking up and down again. So what's
this all about? Jim Ray Bursachi said. Bryll took a shaky breath.
I--Ralph...says he owes you. I don't know what for. He is giving me to you for
the day. And night. As a gift. A gift, Jim Ray Bursachi said. A gift, huh? And
just what am I supposed to do with this gift, can you tell me that? What's your
name again, honey? Bryll, Bryll said. Bryll. Okay, if you say so, Bryll. Now can
you tell me what Ralph wants me to do with this gift of his? Not that it's not a
nice gift, mind you. Not that it's not pretty and damn sexy and all wrapped up
in a fine bright package...complete with string... But what's it for, can you
tell me that, Bryll. For...for...anything you want, Bryll said. That's

what it's for. Anything you want. Anything? Jim Ray said. Anything at all? Yes,
Bryll said. Jim Ray nodded. Uhuh. Uhuh. Okay. I get it. Kind of a payoff, only
without Ralph having to put out any cash money, is that it? Kind of a bribe,
maybe? I don't know, Bryll said. I don't know anything. Uhuh. But you know you
came to me all tied up and said I could do anything with you I wanted, isn't
that right, Bryll? Yes, Bryll said. I had to. I have no choice. Ralph owns me.
Right. And now I own you. For today and tonight. Is that it? Yes, Bryll said,
whispering, shaking. That's it. All right, Jim Ray said. Good. Fine. Terrific.
Go stand against the wall. Stand... Right. Against the wall. Right over there.
Go on. Back up against it, stand straight. Good. That's it. Bryll darling.
That's the way. Now. Walking toward her, smiling, talking. And as he reached her
Jim Ray without warning drew back his fist and punched Bryll as hard and as
powerfully as he could in the pit of her stomach. Bryll was on the floor, not
knowing how she got there but rolling spasmodically against the not-too-clean
carpet, unable to breathe, trying vainly to gasp for air, choking, gagging,
retching, jerking, legs flailing, arms instinctively pulling at the unyielding
ropes, turning purple, body curling into a ball and uncurling, kicking, bucking,
gurgling, rattling noises coming from her throat, the agony that suffused her
body overshadowed by the necessity to pull in air, to breathe again, until
finally with a great heaving gasp she did, letting it out with a loud moaning
cry of pain and fear and shock and helplessness. Jim Ray was watching. Looking
down, smiling slightly, nodding pleasantly as Bryll's rolling, twisting,
spasming body writhed for his delectation. Okay, Jim Ray said finally. Good
show, Bryll. So. Is that the kind of thing Ralph had in mind, do you think? 
Bryll could not say anything. Bryll? Jim Ray said. I'm

asking you a question, Bryll. You don't want to be rude to me, do you, Bryll?
Bryll did her best to still her gasping pants. Yes, she said finally. Yes, I
think it is. And now Bryll was crying softly, but soon stopped herself. She was
in for it. This was a man like Ralph, like Don Francisco, like Ralph's father
Ricardo, like...like all men. All of them. Wanting to see her in agony. Wanting
to make her scream. And crawl. And grovel. Wanting to degrade her, to destroy
her, to violate her body and mind and soul. Which was what her life was now
about. Damn, Bryll, Jim Ray said now. I love the way that skirt thing climbs up
your legs as you're twisting around like that. I mean the damn thing is so
fucking short anyway, isn't it? And now I can see practically everything you got
down there. And Bryll honey, you have got the most fantastic legs I ever saw,
and I'm not just saying that, baby, those are truly gorgeous gams, all the way
up, at least as far up as I can see, which is pretty far up. But I'd like to see
still more, so why don't you pull that thing up still further for me, okay,
Bryll? Pull it up all the way. Go on, darling. But--but I can't... Bryll said
fearfully. My--my hands... Oh I know, your hands are tied that way, and I want
you to know I do appreciate that little touch, Bryll, because it makes your tits
push out so beautifully and thrust so tight against that top that I can almost
make out your nipples. And you're not wearing a bra either, isn't that right,
Bryll. Yes, Bryll got out. Still panting slightly. I mean no. I'm not. Ralph...
Yes, good old Ralph, Jim Ray said. Well. Anyway. The thing is, I don't think
having your hands so sweetly tied up that way is really going to stop you from
pulling that skirt up for me if you really try, Bryll. And I do want you to try.
Do it, Bryll. Go on. Because I don't want to have to punch you again. That was
just to get your attention, you might say. I could

kick you though, Bryll. The way you're lying there on your side, I could just
stand here and kick you right in the tit, to show you I'm not kidding about what
I want you to do. Wait... Like this, Jim Ray Bursachi said, and swiftly he drew
back his right foot and did just that, kicking her hard and fast and viciously
with all the power at his command, the toe of his shoe sinking cruelly into the
springy vulnerable yielding flesh of Bryll's right breast. Bryll screamed loudly
and shrilly, agony bursting through her straining body, which now rolled onto
its back, rocking, writhing, arching, going crazy in its pain, her arms pulling
so hard that her wrists scraped themselves raw against the unmoving bonds.
Howling. Bucking. Jim Ray stood over her. Bryll now pulling with more purpose at
her bound wrists, straining her arms, grabbing frantically for her skirt at the
back, pulling it up, desperately bunching it in her hands, babbling. I'm doing
it, Bryll cried hopelessly, please I'm doing it, and bunching the skirt in her
straining aching hands, until it was pulling up over her thighs, all the way
over her panties, pulling up to her waist, pulling. Ah, Jim Ray said. God, those
thighs. Those legs. God. Bryll. Open them. Spread them out for me. Go on. All
the way. Spread yourself. Bitch cunt whore cocksucking slut twat shit fuck baby.
Do it. Do it. And Bryll, crying, sobbing, shaking, did it. With his words
pouring over her, with her bound helpless body lying at his feet, with her hands
crushed beneath her, with her body arching and straining and squirming, Bryll
spread her gorgeous naked fabulous voluptuous fantastic wonderful mouth-watering
shapely curvy sensuous scrumptious legs far apart, as far apart as she could,
the muscles and tendons of her magical thighs standing out against the soft
smooth flesh, the sculpted molded calves

tightening, flexing, thighs splaying, and Jim Ray Bursachi reaching down to rip
the flimsy panties from her loins, laughing as Bryll's gaping vagina awaited
him, now throwing himself down on top of that body, between those straining
stretching legs and looking into her eyes and grabbing her hair and pulling her
head back and saying, Kiss me, Bryll baby. Kiss me good. And I mean good. And
pulling at her hair and crushing her body and raping her cunt with his cock and
his mouth was on hers and Bryll was kissing him, kissing him for all she was
worth, moaning with agony and shame and horror into his mouth and giving him her
tongue and probing his mouth with it and taking his down her throat and twisting
under him and kissing him and wrapping her legs around his body and kissing him
and pressing her lips against his and playing with his tongue and crying and
groaning and sobbing and gasping and fucking him fucking him fucking him fucking
him fucking him as Jim Ray was raping her and ripping her top open and mauling
her breasts and biting her lips and plunging into her again and again and Bryll
crying and fucking and whimpering and writhing and clutching him with her legs
because she didn't want to die and she had to do what Ralph said and this was
only the beginning for Jim Ray and she had to survive and Bryll was kissing and
fucking and arching and Jim Ray was coming and he heaved up above her and stuck
his throbbing cock in her face and Bryll took it in her mouth and licked it and
sucked the gism out of it and took it down her throat and on her face and Bryll
was screaming as he clamped her nipples and it was just starting, the day was
young, the night was coming, and Bryll crawled for him all night long and in the
morning she fucked his dog and then went home to Ralph.





                              4



     Bryll was standing at the foot of Ralph's large bed, stark naked, her body
stretching tautly with arms and legs spread wide and bound tightly to the two
tall bedposts at the bottom corners, facing inward so that she could watch Ralph
and Cindy lying on the bed, fucking. Ralph was lying on top of Cindy, who was
young and curvy and blonde and whose hands were tied behind her back, and who
was crying and moaning and struggling vainly as Ralph had his way with her.
Ralph found it stimulating that Cindy was bound that way, and that she was so
unwilling; and he found it still more stimulating to be raping the girl in front
of Bryll, his wife, particularly in the present circumstances. Standing behind
Bryll was Bruno Montera, Ralph's father's personal bodyguard, a huge hulk of a
man who at the moment was holding a thick black vicious-looking leather strap,
with which he was whipping Bryll, at regular intervals, with all the strength of
his arm. With each sound of the strap whistling through the air, accompanied by
Bruno's grunt of effort, Bryll would gasp or whimper or moan piteously, her body
flinching, pulling instinctively and vainly against the ropes that held her body
spreadeagled; and with each loud terrible crack of that strap across her back,
she would scream loudly and shrilly, a sound of such agony and horror that it
was obvious that the pain was almost inhumanly unbearable. Bruno Montera's eyes
glittered as he whipped the strap again and again, tirelessly, relentlessly,
across the cringing  flesh, hitting Bryll's back, striping it from shoulders to
waist, with an occasional lash at her curving buttocks and her

deliciously splaying, fabulously curvacious thighs. But mostly on her back, up
and down, again and again, hard as he could; and every scream was adding to
Ralph's pleasure, giving him additional thrills as he went on fucking the bound
and sobbing young girl beneath him. Oh yeah, Ralph growled, his hands moving
roughly over Cindy's twisting body, his hips pounding his cock harder and harder
into her squirming jouncing pussy, oh yeah, do it Bruno, whip the shit out of
the filthy adulterous bitch. Scream for me, baby, Ralph would say, and Bruno
would make the strap whistle and crack against Bryll's back, and Bryll would
scream for him. For them. And Ralph would laugh and fuck Cindy harder, finally
turning Cindy over and forcing himself into her tiny ass, as Cindy howled, but
not as loudly as Bryll. How is it, Bryll darling? Ralph said, fucking Cindy's
ass. It's good for me, I'll tell you that. You whore slut bitch, yes, scream,
baby, it keeps me so hard, it makes me so fucking randy to hear you yelling like
that. Don't stop, Bruno. You can have her when it's over. Can't he, Bryll? Bryll
was screaming. Ralph stopped fucking Cindy for a moment and turning to Bryll's
outstretched form raised himself up and reached out to clasp her outthrust
breasts, her soft pink quivering nipples, in his hands. Squeezing. Can't he,
Bryll? Ralph said, grinning at her. Say it. Say it, damn you! Pinching with all
his strength, and Bryll howled YES! YES YES YES HE CAN YES PLEASE GOD YES!!!....
Good, Ralph said, and now pulling out of Cindy's ass he turned her again and
grabbing her long blonde hair, pulling it back and down so that the girl's

twisting face was turned up to him, forcing her mouth open with the pain and
pressure at her scalp, Ralph rubbed his big hard straining cock across her face,
and then brought it to her lips. Take it, girl, Ralph said. Take it in, Cindy
baby, suck it for me, or do you want to be where Bryll is? And he rammed his
cock hard into that moaning, gasping, sobbing mouth and laughed as Cindy began
to choke and gag. Bruno, Ralph said, and Bruno swung the strap, and Bryll's body
stiffened and bucked and Bryll was screaming louder than ever. Yes! Ralph said,
pumping away into Cindy's retching face, yes, that's it baby, you scream all you
want. Ralph...Bryll was gasping, quivering, frantic. Ralph please. Make him
stop, please. Please, Ralph no more. I can't. Ralph. I'll do anything, please.
God. Ralph. No. No. NOOOOOOOO...  Ralph was holding hard to Cindy's hair, making
her cry out in torment around his cock as now he shot his gism into her mouth
and down her throat with the inspiration of Bryll's latest scream. Sweet baby,
Ralph said, and pushing Cindy away from him lay her down on her back and began
slapping her breasts. What will you do, Bryll? Ralph said, his hand swinging
back and forth, cracking rhythmically across Cindy's round high mounds as the
girl twisted weakly, kicking her thrashing legs and trying vainly to get away.
What can you possibly do that you haven't done for us? Or won't do if we want
you to. What, Bryll? Nothing, that's what. Not a damn fucking mother-grabbing
thing, right, Bryll, baby? Ralph...god....I'm begging you...begging you... A
little pity...oh god please...just a little pity...

HAAAUUUUGGHHHHHHH.... Good boy, Bruno, Ralph said, and now he gave Cindy a
vicious shove, so that the girl rolled off the bed and landed hard on the floor,
writhing and kicking. You can fuck this one first, Bruno, Ralph said, and as
Bruno, grinning, moved to the helpless naked form on the floor, Ralph took the
strap from his hand. Pity? Ralph said, facing Bryll now. Pity, is it? Bryll's
eyes widened as Ralph wrapped the strap around his hand, leaving just a short
length dangling. Swaying. Swinging. Bryll shook her head pleadingly. Pity, Ralph
said, raising his hand. Ralph, Bryll cried out fearfully. Ralph for god's
sake... Was it pity you had when you fucked that bastard son of a bitch David?
And now Ralph swung the strap and lashed it hard, hard, hard, across Bryll's
right breast. Bryll screaming and writhing. Was it pity when you sucked him off,
Bryll? Swing. Whap! The left breast. Bryll howling, trying to plead. Was it pity
when you got on top of him? WHAP! And fucked his brains out? WHAP!! And came
with him, you filthy whore, and sucked him again? WHAP! WHAP!! WHAP!!! Bryll
pulling desperately at the ropes till her wrists were bloody, her breasts
bouncing, torso bucking back and forth, mouth wide and screaming, screaming,
screaming, as WHAP!! WHAP!! WHAP!!! again and again across her agonized bounding
breasts, and then Ralph stood up on the bed and grabbed Bryll's hair and pulled
her head most painfully downward and forced her mouth over his cock. Fucking her
mouth, raping it, raping it relentlessly as Bryll's howls were muffled by his
hard stiff meat, and at the same time Bruno Montera was bringing howls from

Cindy, mauling her breasts and holding on to her straining thighs, pushing them
back to the breaking point as he raped her asshole. Ralph shot his come into
Bryll's mouth, then lay down to watch Bruno pulling Cindy's face to his crotch,
fucking Cindy's mouth while pulling her arms up behind her, making her moan
around his cock, and finally starting to pull back her fingers slowly until they
broke, one by one, laughing and cracking each finger in turn, relishing Cindy's
horrible screams of agony around his cock with each snap, until all Cindy's
fingers were broken and Bruno played with them until Cindy's twisting spasming
moaning howling mouth made him come down her throat. At last Ralph cut Bryll
down and told her to crawl to Bruno and suck him until he was hard again. And
Bryll did that. And then crawling to Ralph and doing the same thing. And then
sucking both of them in turn, crawling, sucking, sobbing, and screaming as from
time to time they whipped her, front and back, to inspire her to suck them as
skilfully as she could, and Bryll did that, sucking and crawling and swallowing
as they shot into her fine sweet moaning gasping sobbing crying twisting
pleading begging screaming yelling gorgeous sensuous quivering aristocratic
mouth. Then Ralph and Bruno had Bryll use that mouth on Cindy, who with her
hands still tied and her fingers broken and her life ruined, came
uncontrollably, coming and coming and coming and sobbing and coming as Ralph and
Bruno laughed and Bryll saw them growing hard again and began to cry...





                                5



     Cunt cocksucking niggerfucking twat whore, Ralph said. Is that what you
did, Cindy? Bryll said, licking Cindy's face, licking Cindy's mouth. You fucked
a nigger? Is that why they did this to you? Cindy could not answer, lying as she
was in a semi-conscious state with her bound hands and broken fingers crushed
beneath her young luscious quivering body, the agony still possessing that once
springy vibrant form. Bryll was crouching over Cindy, also in extreme pain, with
no broken bones but with her back and buttocks and thighs and also her breasts
striped with whip marks, wrists bloody from being bound not long ago, ankles
chafed, limbs aching with strain from which they had only a short while ago been
released. Bryll was licking and kissing Cindy on command of her husband Ralph
and of Bruno Montera, who stood

watching, Ralph still holding the thick hard leather strap with which Bryll had
been beaten by both of them, Bruno grinning and flexing the huge hands with
which he had deliberately snapped all of Cindy's fingers while fucking her
mouth. Bryll was doing what she was doing in order to avoid being hurt again, at
least for now. Obeying Ralph's commands, as she must always do. Bryll had licked
Cindy's twisting aching violated vagina for a long time, causing Cindy in her
ruined state to climax helplessly again and again, coming and coming and coming
as Ralph and Bruno laughed and laughed. Now Bryll was kissing and licking
Cindy's face and body and Cindy was half-consciously squirming and writhing and
moaning and begging. Fucking a nigger, Bryll said, god, how was it, Cindy? Did
he have a big cock? Was he

good, Cindy? Cindy was moaning as Bryll put her tongue in Cindy's mouth. I have
never fucked a nigger myself, Bryll said, and Ralph said, But you fucked that
asshole shit David, didn't you, cunt, and Bryll said Yes I did, and Ralph raised
the strap and brought it down to crack viciously across Bryll's back, and Bryll
screamed into Cindy's mouth. Sit on her fucking face, you whore, Ralph said.
Bryll said, I'm sorry, Cindy, and crawled up and turned to face Ralph and Bruno
and sat down on Cindy's face, splaying her thighs so that her cunt was pressing
directly down over Cindy's gasping panting moaning mouth. Cindy could hardly
breathe, and Bruno laughed, saying, lick her Cindy doll, lick that cunt for us,
go on. But Cindy could only whimper and twitch weakly, until Bruno got down and
took Cindy's foot

in his hands and said, all right, maybe your fingers didn't do the trick, maybe
you want your toes broken too, and Cindy made a terrible animal sound of fright
and horror and pleading and her body bucked, but Bruno said, do it, baby, and
bent Cindy's big toe back until it snapped. Cindy began to buck and jerk and
flail in agony, screaming into Bryll's vagina, and as Bruno took hold of her
second toe Cindy frantically put out her tongue and was licking, licking and
moaning and making stifled muffled begging noises. Do it, Bruno said, and broke
the toe. Cindy's thrashing tormented body bouncing helplessly up and down on top
of her tightly bound and broken torturously aching hands, adding to her pain,
Bruno snapping each toe in turn, going to Cindy's other foot, Cindy howling and
licking and shrieking

and arching and slamming back and screaming and tonguing and kissing and gasping
for breath and Bruno laughing and Ralph watching and Bryll squirming on Cindy's
face and going crazy with Cindy's tongue in her cunt and Ralph swinging the
strap to whip her across her bouncing shuddering breasts. You want to fuck a
nigger, you whore? Ralph said. You will all right. You will, Bryll, you will
fuck every nigger I can find, you got that? And Bryll was yelling, howling, YES!
YES YES I WILL YES ALL RIGHT PLEASE RALPH I WILL YES ALL RIGHT I WILL FUCK ANY
NIGGER YOU WANT ME TO PLEASE GOD RALPH STOP I'LL FUCK THEM ALL I'LL SUCK HIS
COCK I'LL LICK HIS ASS I'LL EAT HIS SHIT PLEASE RALPH I'LL WRAP MY LEGS AROUND
HIM AND FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF HIM I SWEAR I WILL RALPH PLEASE
HHHHHAAAAUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHHH..... And she did.





                               6



     When finally Ralph decided to kill Cindy off he brought in the black man
that she had fucked and on pain of death made him cut Cindy's nipples off and
feed them to her. He forced Cindy to chew them and swallow them, and Cindy quite
visibly lost her mind, mewling like an animal, all sanity obviously diminishing
under the agony and inconceivability of what Ralph was making her do. Ralph had
the black man fuck Cindy in the ass as she was dying, continuing even after she
was dead, finally coming in the anus of a corpse. That was your last fuck,
nigger, Ralph said, and had Bruno castrate him. That is what I will do to you,
Bryll, Ralph said, if you ever try to run away from me. I will cut off your
nipples and fucking make you eat them. I'm not shitting you, Bryll. I know,
Bryll said. I will not run away. I will stay with you until you kill me, or you
give me to someone who kills me. Lick Cindy's cunt, Ralph said. Oh jesus, Bryll
said, oh good christ, Ralph, she's... I know, darling, I know she is dead, but
that's the fun of it, you know? Making you do something disgusting like that.
You fucking slut cunt. Ralph, I'm sorry about David, I'm sorry, it was just that
one time, that's all, it was only... I saw you, Bryll. In that film. I saw you
fucking him. And sucking him. And kissing him. And coming for him. But...you
killed him, Ralph. And I'll kill you too, Bryll, if I want to. You know that,
don't you? Yes, Ralph. I know that. Now I want to watch you licking Cindy, okay?
See if you can make her come now. You did it so well, you made the bitch climax
again and again, in spite of everything, didn't you? Real good tongue you have
there, Bryll. I remember it. I'll never feel it again, I wouldn't touch you with
a thirty-foot log, Bryll, but I know it's a great tongue. Now you can use it on
Cindy again, and if you make her come this time it'll really be something, won't
it? Go on, Bryll. Do it right now. And Bryll crawled to Cindy's body and spread
the lifeless thighs apart and taking a long breath put her mouth on Cindy's dead
pussy and licked it and licked it and licked it and licked it and kissed it and
licked it until at long last Ralph had had enough. Bryll threw up. Ralph
laughed. Lick that all up, Ralph said, and Bryll did.     





                                7  



     I'm giving a dinner party tonight, Ralph said. For a group of the boys from
out of town. About thirty or so. It's a bachelor party, of sorts. I want you to
be my hostess, Bryll. All right, Bryll said. How formal is it? What do you want
me to wear? High heels, Ralph said. Black high-heeled shoes. All right. And what
else? That's all, Ralph said. Oh, Bryll said. At the time Bryll was hanging by
her wrists from a hook in the ceiling of their living room, the tips of her toes
just barely touching the floor. Ralph was walking around her, swinging a long
thin whippy cane through the air. Ralph now paused, standing slightly to one
side of her, raising the cane to tap its springy tip lightly against Bryll's
high, outthrusting right breast. You don't have any objection to that plan, do
you, Bryll darling? Ralph said. No, Ralph, Bryll said. No, I have no objection.
Good, Ralph said. Tapping the cane against her nipple. Tap. Tap. Tap. I'm glad
to hear that, Bryll. Because if you did, then I would have to do this. Ralph's
arm swung back. Bryll closed her eyes. A loud grunt from Ralph. A sharp
whistling sound. A vicious crack of wood against flesh. And a terrible shrill
ear-shattering agony-filled scream. Bryll's legs kicking spasmodically beneath
her twisting writhing body as the blow knocked her forcibly off her toes,
putting the whole flailing, swinging, squirming weight of that body on her
rope-bound and abraded wrists.



                             8



     It was Christmas eve. The stockings were hung by the chimney with care, and
so was Bryll. Hanging by her wrists, body taut and straining, breasts pulled up,
skin tight, in front of the roaring fireplace, with her legs spread wide and
pulled to either side of the hearth. Hanging that way as the fire burned
happily, singeing her backside. Bryll was gagged now, as Ralph and Donald had
grown tired of her moaning and pleading, and were most content just to look at
her, watching happily as she hung helplessly, unable even to writhe very much,
just enough to amuse the two of them, and whoever else they might bring in. We
can take the gag off again later, Ralph said. If you wish to hear Bryll scream,
which I know  you will enjoy. Thanks, buddy, Donald said. Just look at that! I'm
so hard I could screw Santa Claus. You can screw Bryll instead, Ralph said. All
you want. I know, Donald said. I know I can. And I will, buddy. You can be
fucking damn sure of that. I will. But just look at her now. Christ. Look at her
eyes! I know, Ralph said. He moved close to Bryll, looking into her eyes. Bryll
darling, he said softly. How you must be suffering. Ralph raised his hands and
put them on her breasts. Bryll shook her head. Hopelessly, reflexively, knowing
it wouldn't stop him. Ralph smiled. And squeezed. Hard. As hard as he could.
Bryll's taut body went tauter. Ralph did not stop. Bryll whinnied behind her
gag. The ropes creaked. Ralph did not stop. Donald was watching and grinning and
almost panting. Look at that body, Donald said softly. Look at how her thighs
bunch up. Look at her head moving. Listen to that sound, god, I can't stand it.
Build up the fire, Ralph said. When her back starts to blister, you can fuck
her. Can't he, Bryll? Bryll nodded, mewling. Merry fucking Christmas, Ralph
said.





                          9



     Bryll was crying. But not for herself this time. She was crying for Trisha,
who was lying on the floor on her stomach and moaning around Ralph's cock.
Trisha's hands were tied tightly behind her back, and her remarkably curvy legs
were spread apart, with each ankle bound to a ring in the floor. Ralph was
sitting on the floor with Trisha's head in his lap, his hands clutching her
curly dark hair, holding it still, with his hard cock deep inside her sobbing
mouth. Trisha was young, a high-school senior who Ralph was breaking in for his
family. Trisha's skin was a deep cocoa color, smooth and silky and brown. Bryll
was crouching on the floor between Trisha's straining thighs, and at Ralph's
instructions was burning the girl's thigh with cigarettes. Packs of cigarettes
lay around her within easy reach, and discarded crumpled cigarettes lay in a
pile nearby. There was a line of burn marks along the back of Trisha's right
thigh, a straight, almost continuous line. Bryll had a cigarette in her right
hand, burning slowly. She was holding it above Trisha's thigh and waiting for
Ralph's command as she was crying in sympathy with the moaning, crying, writhing
agony-filled young girl in front of her. Now, Bryll, Ralph said. Bryll heard
Trisha trying to mewl, trying to beg, trying to cry out in panic at the
anticipation of what was coming; saw Ralph's hands tighten in the girl's hair as
Trisha automatically reflexively attempted to pull her head away; saw Trisha's
body tighten and begin to tremble. But Bryll must not disobey. Her hand moved
down. Slowly this time, Ralph said, grinning, holding Trisha's hair, and Bryll
made contact with the shaking brown flesh and slowly, slowly, twistingly,
agonizingly, pressed the cigarette into it, ground it in, mashed it in, turning
it, grinding it out, grinding it to extinction in that soft tender thigh, as
Trisha went wild, twisting and squirming and arching and bucking hopelessly,
helplessly, writhing and spasming in pain, and now screaming, screaming, again
screaming, around Ralph's cock, screaming muffled by that big cock all the way
inside her twisting mouth but loud and fierce and terrible. Bryll was crying.
Yes, Ralph said. Yes, darling, yes, that hurts, doesn't it, Trisha? Hmmmmm? It
hurts so bad, it makes you want to be a good girl from now on, doesn't it,
Trisha? It makes you want to do what we tell you from now on. I certainly hope
it does that, Trisha. Bryll? Ralph said. And Bryll hastily, hearing the note of
warning in his voice, got out another cigarette and put it in her mouth and lit
it up. Always be ready. At the striking of the match Trisha gave a stifled cry,
still half-screaming, still moaning and sobbing, and Ralph said suck me,
darling, and let go of Trisha's hair, and Trisha did, crying, moaning, her mouth
tight around him, her head bobbing vigorously. Good girl, Ralph said. You're
learning. Sweet-mouth nigger gal. I'll have Bryll whip you tonight. And Bryll
was still crying.



                   

                             10



     But it was not Bryll whipping Trisha that night. Bryll's arm was not strong
enough to suit Ralph, and so he hung Bryll up by her hair to watch Trisha's
whipping at the much more powerful hands of Bruno Montera. It was difficult for
Bryll to concentrate on Trisha's pain through the almost unsupportable fact of
her own desperate agony. Ralph said he couldn't wait to see if Bryll's hair was
ripped right out of her scalp, and Bryll thought that was just what was about to
happen every moment. Hanging with her hands bound behind her, her feet unbound
but off the floor, swaying slightly in the air, scalp on fire, Bryll could do
nothing but try to stay as still as possible, in spite of the unbearable pain
and horror, hang as still as she could, dangling by her hair, moaning and
whimpering uncontrollably, but trying hard not to scream, as even that might set
her body moving, which might rip her scalp from her skull. Trisha, stark naked
now, hung by her wrists, also swinging, but moving considerably more under the
steady bite of

the whip that Bruno was using on her. Her sensuous chocolate-brown body was
pulled taut, her skin silky and tight over her curves and hollows. Her round
young breasts thrust out, the position of her arms raising them so that their
whole surface was deliciously and vulnerably exposed. But for now Bruno was
working on her back. That sinuous body twisted and squirmed, arching, bucking,
kicking, flailing frantically, as Trisha screamed out her agony. Bruno swung his
arm steadily. Swish....CRACK! the whip went, singing through the air and landing
with vicious power on the suffering flesh. Swish.....CRACK! Trisha screamed and
plunged, screamed and tried to beg, screamed and went almost out of her mind, as
Ralph watched, laughing. Swiiiishhhhh....CRRRRAAAACCKKK!! All right, Ralph said
over Trisha's gasping groaning sobs and Bryll's moaning whimpers. Start on her
front now. Trisha screamed loudly. Ralph grinned. No, Trisha? You don't want
that, you stupid little nigger gal? That's what you are, isn't it, Trish baby? A
little

nigger gal. Isn't it? Say it, Trish. Tell me what you are. Ohhh god...Trisha
gasped weakly. Bruno, Ralph said. Bruno moved around Trisha and raised his arm.
Trisha said: NOOOOOOOOOOOOO PLEASE PLEEEEEAAAAASE JESUS GOD NOOOOOO.... Ralph
grinned. SWIIIIISSSHHHHH....CRRRRaaaaaaaccccckkkkk!!! Across the tender helpless
bottom curves of Trisha's breasts. Howling, plunging, creaking of rope, wild
frantic kicking of legs, animal whinnying, bloody wrists, babbling bubbling
choking incoherent pleas for mercy... Again, Ralph said. Harder. GAAAAAAA....
SWIIISHHHHHH......CRRRRAAAACCCCKKKKKKK!!!!! Right across Trisha's hard quivery
pink nipples. And Bryll almost forgot her own pain in the spectacle of Trisha
going crazy, her shrieks nearly bursting Bryll's eardrums. And now
swish....crack! again, and a long wait for Trisha to settle down, Trisha finally
swinging slightly, turning back and forth, sagging, groaning, her body a
straight line of exhaustion and agony. Say it, Trish, Ralph said. Tell us all
what you are. Go on. A mumble from Trisha. A

sob. We can't hear you, Ralph said. Bruno. A moan of animal terror.
Noooo...I...I'm...I'm a nigger gal... Again, Ralph said. Louder. I...I'm a
nigger gal. A nigger slave, Ralph said. A--a nigger slave, Trisha sobbed. A
filthy crawling cock-sucking nigger slave gal, Ralph said. I--please--- Bruno,
Ralph said. NOOO! Bruno swung. Swish....crack! Wait. Horror. Chaos. Wait.
I--I--I'm a...a filthy...crawling...cock-sucking...nigger...slave.... That's
right, Ralph said. And I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, you sweet-mouth
hurting little nigger. I'm going to fuck you while you hang there, and if you
don't give me a damn good fuck I'll have Bruno whip your back while I'm doing
it, just to put some life into you. And he did, and Trisha, to avoid more of the
whip, curled her legs around his body and crushed herself against him  and
fucked him back as hard as she could, screaming out at his command how she was a
filthy nigger slave gal... And

Bruno, having nothing to do, moved behind Bryll and pulled up her legs and
brutally, forcibly, mercilessly fucked her in the ass, ramming his cock up her
anus, pulling at her thighs and fucking away at her as she still hung by her
hair, his hands reaching around to her breasts and clamping them tight, tight,
squeezing them and holding on to them as his hips moved rhythmically, all of it
making Bryll nearly lose consciousness, but not quite, not quite, pain, agony,
torment, horror, anguish, insupportable torture ripping, ripping through her
scalp, her breasts, her anus, and her entire body and mind and soul, making her
howl as loudly as Trisha was still howling, until two laughing men came into two
helplessly writhing bodies, and two girls were finally cut down to crawl across
the floor and forced to make reluctant, exhausted, agony-filled love to each
other until the watching, grinning men got hard again....





                              11



     This girl wants to suck your cock, Ralph said. Dryfus blinked. What? I said
this girl wants to suck your cock, Ralph said. Is that so hard to understand?
Dryfus was looking at Trisha, who was crying. I don't think she does, Dryfus
said. Trisha, Ralph said, tell him. I-- Trisha said. I...I want to...suck your
cock. Crying. What is this? Dryfus said. Don't you like her? Ralph said. Shit--I
mean, Christ...I mean... Don't you think this girl is good-looking? Ralph said.
God, yes, Dryfus said. Even though she is a nigger, Ralph said. I don't care
about that, Dryfus said. You should though, Ralph said. You can't go around not
caring about people being niggers. Niggers are shit. Isn't that right, Trisha?
Yes, Trisha said. Tell us, Ralph

said. Niggers are shit, Trisha said, crying. I am shit. Go on, Ralph said. I am
a cocksucking crawling filthy nigger slut whore cunt bitch slave, Trisha said,
crying. What is this, Dryfus said. Do you want to hit her? Ralph said. Will that
make you hot to have her suck your cock? Slap her across the face, hard as you
can? Backwards and forwards? Again and again? Until she is screaming? Will that
turn you on, Dryfus? Or would you rather strip her, or have her strip for you,
and hang her up by her wrists and whip her and put out your cigarettes on her
nipples? And watch her going crazy and twisting and squrming and kicking and
bucking and thrashing and writhing in pain and agony, and listen to her
screaming and howling and yelling and shrieking and

begging and pleading and moaning and groaning and crying and sobbing and
whimpering and whinnying and mewling and gasping and babbling in agony and
horror? Is that what will turn you on, Dryfus? Then can she suck your cock for
you? Or what. A black girl sucking my cock, Dryfus said. A black girl on her
knees with her mouth around my dick. Hey, black girl, Dryfus said. And now he
slapped her across the face, as hard as he could. Hey black cunt girl, you want
to suck my cock, huh? Trisha said, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I do. Yes. Please.
Please. On your knees, black girl, Dryfus said. On your knees, nigger, Ralph
said. Show us your tits, Trisha nigger gal. Trisha sobbing gasping moaning
shaking took off her blouse. She had no bra. Dryfus

slapped her breasts hard. Back and forth. Trisha screamed. Dryfus took out

his cock. Okay, black girl, okay, but you better do it good, and I mean good,
and I want you to suck it slowly, very slowly, lovingly, using your tongue and
your lips and your throat and your tits too, and he slapped her breasts again
back and forth. Now. And Trisha sobbing and gasping and whimpering took his cock
in her mouth and slowly slowly slowly did what he wanted and Dryfus was moaning
and grinning and twisting and saying Shit shit shit this black bitch is such a
good cocksucker, that mouth is just fabulous, yes bitch that tongue that's it
that's it take all of it god slowly what a mouth what a girl. Ralph said, she
can do it for hours,

because if I start getting angry I will hang her up by her hair and whip her
bloody. I love  this bitch, Dryfus said, I love this black bitch, I want to buy
her and use her fucking mouth forever. You want to buy this nigger?

Ralph said. How much, Dryfus said. No! Trisha said, crying. And Ralph hung her
up by her hair and whipped her for an hour straight, until she was begging
Dryfus to buy her. How much? Dryfus said. Six million dollars, Ralph said. I
can't afford that, Dryfus said. Okay, Ralph said, how about fifty cents? Sold,
Dryfus said. And Trisha was crying and sobbing and sucking his cock. Slowly.
Lovingly. Deliciously. Fantastically. Moaning and whimpering and mewling with
agony and horror and sucking him slowly on and on and on and on and on and on
and on and on and on and on and on.............




                        NODDING

                    by V,P. Viddler



      The gag packed into her mouth was dark with saliva and I hadn't even taken
her clothes off yet.

	"I haven't even taken your clothes off yet," I said. "You'd like me to
take your clothes off, wouldn't you, Lynn? Say yes, darling, and maybe I'll
stop. Would you?"

	And frantically, sobbingly, Lynn nodded. Jerking her head up and down as
I smiled at her surrender. For that is what it was. A degrading, horrifying,
humiliating capitulation from a girl who had said to my face that never, under
any circumstances in the world, would I ever so much as touch her hand.

	"Do you recall, Lynn darling, how you told me that I would never so much
as touch your hand? Do you?"

	Lynn was sobbing through that soaking gag.

	"But I have been touching so much more than your hand, haven't I? Look
at me, Lynn darling. Haven't I?"

	Lynn, forcing her eyes to mine, nodded, whimpering.

	"And now--now you're asking me to strip you naked and touch your bare
body. Isn't that right, Lynn?"

	Lynn now nodding rapidly, crying, with tears flying from her wide dark
eyes. Desperately wanting the pain to stop. Hoping against hope that if I got
her clothing off I would, as promised, stop what I had been doing to her, but
knowing I probably wouldn't, would just do more to her, and worse, much worse.
But having to try anything to end the agony. Even crawling through the horror
and degradation of giving me that beautiful luscious round sensuous magnificent
body that I had craved for so long, and which now was in my power, totally,
helplessly, defenselessly, utterly in my power. Still fully clothed, but spread
and stretched and bound and helpless, twitching and writhing and screaming with
pain.

	"But you know, darling, I'm having too much fun with you to stop now," I
said, watching her face, watching her despair and terror and desperation. "I'll
undress you, all right. You may be sure of that. But in my own time. Right now I
think I'll just go on with what I was doing."

	Frantic sounds now from behind that tight saliva-damp gag, awful
satisfying lovely horrible sounds, moaning, pleading, begging crying, mewling,
whimpering, animal sounds.

	"Ah," I said, smiling down at her. "Such music. And music that I can
enhance. Like this."

	And what I did to her then did indeed enhance that music, those sounds
coming through the stifling, muffling cloth. Making them louder, hoarser, more
agonized, more frantic, and so unearthly and tormented that I thrilled to the
marrow to listen to it. And to watch Lynn's body. That mouth-watering outspread
body. With its round luscious breasts straining against that tight
well-stretched pullover. With Lynn's lovely shapely sweetly curving sensuous so
arousing legs pulled so wide apart, thighs squirming under that short skirt,
calves jerking, flexing, twisting in pain. That body. Thrashing. Twisting.
Arching against the agony. Bucking. Spasming. As I did it to her, watching.

	And as I did it to her again. And again.

	"Shall I take your clothes off now, Lynn darling?"

	Nodding hard, crying, gasping, moaning, trying to scream through the
gag, trying to say yes, oh god yes, take my clothes off, do anything to me, just
stop please stop please dear sweet god stop the pain, don't hurt me any more,
please.

	"Shall I fuck you, Lynn? Shall I rape you?

	Awful gagging retching sounds. But frantically nodding. Nodding. Yes.
Rape me. Do what you want with me.

	"Show me how much you want it," I said, and I hurt her again. "Such
thrashing. Such flopping around and twisting and pulling at the ropes. But you
can't get away, Lynn. You know that, don't you. You can't do a damn thing about
what is happening to you. Isn't that right, darling?"

	And I waited for an answer. And Lynn nodding. Moaning despair. Head
rolling.

	"I'm going to strip you now, Lynn. All naked. And I'm going to fuck you,
Lynn. Don't you want me to do that?"

	And as I hurt her again LYnn was nodding and screaming and crying, the
sounds so lovely through the gag.

	"I wish I could kiss you, Lynn darling. I would like to put my mouth on
yours and make you kiss me back, make you open that pretty sexy mouth for me and
lick my tongue and put your tongue in my mouth and kiss me passionately. And
you'd do that, right, Lynn?"

	Lynn nodding, sobbing. As I started cutting off her pullover. As I cut
through her brassiere. And as I bared Lynn's high helpless lovely quivering
breasts.

	"I want to hurt them," I said, and Lynn again trying to scream through
the gag. As I cut off that skirt. Showing Lynn's wonderful soft thighs. All of
those thighs.

	"Show me how it looks with you naked," I said, hurting her, and Lynn
shaking, mewling, trying to pull away. "Show me that cute little thing you do
when I hurt you." And I did, and she did, and I ripped of the panties and Lynn
was trying to babble, trying to beg, and I was raping her.

	"I'm raping you, Lynn, you damn lovely sweet sexy bitch whore, I'm
fucking you, and I'm going to hurt you and let you buck and squirm and thrash
around with my cock inside you." And I did and she did and finally I couldn't
stand not hearing those screams all out and I pulled off that gag from her mouth
and I heard them all right. And I made Lynn ask me to let her take my cock in
her mouth and suck me off. And I fucked Lynn's lovely face. And as she was
sobbing and retching I called David in and Lynn showed him how she looked as I
hurt her naked body, begging David to fuck her and David did and I did AHH...




                                           POWER LUNCH

                                            by V.P. Viddler



	"What are you doing here, Abby? This is the executive dining room."

	"David, you've got to help me."

	"You do seem upset, Abby. Not your usual calm, cool self."

	"Barry fired me. David. Oh god. You have to talk to him. You have to..."

	"Abby."

	"What?"

	"I don't have to do anything."

	"I know. But..."

	"Barry is your boss."

	"But you're his, David...you know I can't...this job...it's not fair..."

	"I don't like meddling in such matters."

	"I wouldn't ask you if I didn't...It's my life, David... Jesus..."

	"Why did he fire you?"

	"You know Barry. A whim. But he's so stubborn. He won't... But if
you..."

	"I can't do that, Abby."

	"Yes you can, David, please. I wouldn't ask you if..."

	"You'll find another job."

	"Not like this. There isn't another job like this. David, you know I'm
good at it. And I can't lose it, David...please..."

	"I can't, Abby. I'm sorry."

	"David. David, I'm begging. I'm begging you. That's how much I want
this. I've never asked you for anything. I'm begging you now."

	"It means that much to you."

	"Yes. Yes, it does."

	"It would be difficult for me with Barry."

	"You're his boss."

	"I couldn't do it without a reason, Abby."

	"A reason? I'm the reason. I'm asking you. Please."

	"That's not enough, Abby."

	"It's...it's not enough..."

	"No. I'm sorry."

	"What else...what kind of reason..."

	"Something for me, Abby."

	"What?"

	"Something in it for me."

	"David..."

	"That's how it works, Abby. You know that. Don't you."

	"Yes."

	"So what's in it for me, Abby?"

	"I...I can't pay a lot..."

	"I don't want money, Abby. I'm rich. I don't need your money."

	"You...what do you want?

	"What do you think, Abby?"

	"I don't..."

	"How much do you want this?"

	"Very much."

	"And you would do...what?"

	"David..."

	"What, Abby?"

	"I..."

	"You would do what, Abby?"

	"Anything."

	"Anything?"

	"This is my life, David. My life. My god, I can't..."

	"Anything, Abby?"

	"Yes. David. Anything."

	"You never had to ask for anything before, did you, Abby?"

	"No. Not like this."

	"You had it all. So smart, so attractive, so personable."

	"David..."

	"So smug. So aloof."

	"David, please..."

	"So independent. So cool. So superior."

	"I wasn't..."

	"Abby."

	"Yes, David."

	"Tell me again what you will do."

	"You mean if..."	

	"If I speak to Barry. If I save your job. Tell me what you will do."

	"Anything, David."

	"You know what I want, don't you, Abby?"

	"I...Yes. I think so."

	"What?"

	"David..."

	"What is it you think I want, Abby?"

	"You want...me to...sleep with you."

	"Of course. But is that all?"

	"I..."

	"Is that all I want, Abby?"

	"I suppose not."

	"Tell me what I want, Abby."

	"You want me to..."

	"Go on."

	"You want to make me..."

	"What, Abby?"

	"Humble. Is that what you want, David? To humble me?"

	"That's right, Abby. But humble is too mild a word."

	"David..."

	"Shall we say...perhaps...degrade?"

	"David, please..."

	"Debase?"

	"Oh god..."

	"Dehumanize?"

	"David, for god's sake..."

	"Abby."

	"Yes."

	"You and I have known each other for a long time."

	"Yes."

	"I am head of this company. You are an assistant."

	"Yes."

	"But you have had all the superiority, haven't you?"

	"No, David..."

	"The superiority of the beautiful woman."

	"I..."

	"Proud."

	"David..."

	"Knowing you were wanted. Knowing you had that power."

	"David, if..."

	"Now I have the power, Abby."

	"David..."

	"Don't I?"

	"David, I...I'm...look..."

	"Don't I, Abby?"

	"Yes."

	"Yes what?"

	"Yes, David. You have the power."

	"I have what you want."

	"Yes."

	"And I can extract my own price."

	"I..."

	"Can't I, Abby?"

	"Yes, David."

	"I want to make you crawl, Abby."

	"Oh god..."

	"You will crawl for me. You will degrade yourself for me. You will be my
slave. Do you understand me?"

	"David, for god's sake..."

	"That's the price. Will you pay it?"

	"I...you..."

	"That's it, Abby. Yes or no."

	"David--"

	"Yes or no. Now."

	"I can't believe--"

	"Goodbye, Abby."

	"Wait!"

	"Well?"

	"I...yes."

	"Yes?"

	"Christ. David. I can't lose this job, it's my whole..."

	"Abby."

	"What?"

	"Take off your panties."

	"David!"

	"Now. Take them off and give them to me."

	"Right...right here?"

	"Yes."

	"Can't we go to your--"

	"Abby."

	"But...people will see..."

	"I don't care."

	"David..."

	"I want them to see."

	"Oh."

	"I want them to know."

	"Oh my god..."

	"Do it."

	"I...All right. All right, David."

	"Give them to me."

	"All right, David."

	"Now. Abby. Do you see that man two tables away? In the blue suit."

	"Orin Garth."

	"Yes. What do you think of him?"

	"He's...he's horrible. He's disgusting."

	"Yes, isn't he?"

	"David...why?"

	"I want you to go over to him, right now, sit down, and tell him that
you would like to suck his cock in the men's room."

	"Jesus! David! You...what????"

	"This is your first assignment, Abby. And your first test. Do it. When
you have said that, get up and go into the men's room and kneel down in the
middle of the floor. If anyone asks you what you are doing there, tell them you
are waiting for Orin Garth. If anyone asks you to do anything for them, tell
them you will do it after Orin is through with you. When Orin comes in, open his
pants and suck his cock until he comes in your mouth, and swallow it all. I will
be there to watch."

	"How...how can you..."

	"Anything, you said. That's how much you want your job. Show me. Do it."

	"You...you'll make me a whore..."

	"Yes, Abby. And that's just the beginning."

	"Please, David. David, please. Please."

	"Will you do it, Abby?"

	"Oh..."

	"Will you?"	

	"I..."

	"Say it."

	"Yes, David."

	"You'll do it."

	"Yes."

	"You'll do anything I say. Now and forever."

	"Forever?"

	"For as long as you work here."

	"Yes."

	"You'll be my whore."

	"Yes."

	"My slave."

	"Yes."

	"You'll crawl for me. In public if necessary."

	"I...yes, David."		

	"You're crying, Abby."

	"This is what you wanted, isn't it, David?"

	"It's a start..."




                                         THE BARON'S GAME

                                               by V.P. Viddler



	"A woman in pain," the baron said, "particularly an attractive young
girl such as this--is, I think, by far the most stimulating sight in the world.
Is it not?"

	"How can one disagree with you in the current circumstances?" I said.
The other two men at the table signified their assent without for an instant
taking their gaze away from the squirming, moaning, beautifully formed
dark-haired girl in the chair across from them.

	"My god, it's ingenious," Alvin said. "To stop the pain she has to bring
on her own humiliation."

	"That's right," the baron said. "Nina can stop hurting any time she
wants to. All I did was to supply her with a special kind of bra. A bra which,
as you can see, becomes progressively more painful the longer it is worn. It
constricts a woman's breasts. It constricts them most tightly. Viciously, in
fact. And as it maintains contact with the skin, it begins to shrink, and
continues to do so, thus constricting the bosom still more tightly and
painfully. That pain can only progress, not diminish. As you can see."

	I saw all right. That girl was in horrific pain. Groans issued from her
twisting mouth, and she was writhing uncontrollably in her chair. Her hands
clenched at the table top until the fingers were white. "But," I said, "all she
has to do is--"

	"Ah," the baron smiled. "Yes. That is what is so extraordinary about
this particular game. As I say, Nina can halt the pain, stop all that suffering.
All she has to do is to take that bra off. That's all. She can do that at any
point. Just take off the blouse, and then the bra. And it stops. But--and this
is the rub--she must, of course, do it right here. In front of us. Baring her
breasts to us. Allowing us all to gaze our fill on Nina's naked breasts. And
that, as you can see, Nina is most reluctant to do. Most reluctant indeed. Such
a modest girl. She will suffer so much. And it is all futile. For it will be too
much for her at last. And then she will bare that bosom. What humiliation! What
shame and horror! And how fine it is to watch it work on her, watch and wait and
savor Nina's agony as we anticipate that final degrading capitulation."

	"Christ!" Alvin said.

	Nina was crying and sobbing and gasping, rolling her head.

	"Nina," the baron said. "Do us all a favor and take it off."

	"Damn you!" Nina croaked. "Oh, goddamn you!"

	"Then suffer," the baron said calmly. "I can wait. I quite enjoy it. Do
go on with your show, my dear."

	"Have pity," Nina said to me. "Have pity for god's sake. Stop this!"

	"Only you can stop it, Nina," I said. "Why don't you give it up? Show us
your breasts and that's an end of it."

	          "Liar!" Nina gasped. "It will only be the beginning. You don't
know him."

	"I do," I said. "And I hope you are right."

	"Ah!" Nina howled. "I can't, I can't stand it any more, I can't, oh god
forgive me, no, I can't I--I--"

	"You will take it off."

	"Yes! All right! All right! All right! I will!"

	"I can't wait to clap my old eyes upon those round, high, bouncing young
titties," the baron said. "Do it, Nina. Take it off."

	"AHHH..." And, crying and sobbing and gasping, Nina ripped open the
blouse and cast it away. Not looking at anybody, she shakingly unfastened that
vicious bra, and with a cry of shame and horror, cast it away. And swiftly put
her hands over her full, bobbing tits.

	"Ah, no, Nina darling," the baron said. "That's not playing the game. If
you are unfair with us, I must handcuff you. Shall I do that? If I do, you will
be truly vulnerable, will you not?"

	"No!"

	"All right. Drop your hands. Drop your hands and place them on the table
and do not move. Nina?"

	"All right," Nina whispered. And took her hands away. And bared those
beautiful breasts to all of us. The tears slid down her face as all of us looked
at her. Long and hard.

	And then the baron said, "All right, Nina. You may put it back now."

	"No!"

	"Put it on!"

	"Please no! I can't!"

	"All right. Then stand up in front of us and take off your skirt. And
your panties."

	"You horrid, monstrous filth!" Nina cried.

	"Your choice, Nina."

	"I'll do anything, I can't stand that thing again."

	"Good girl. Strip for us."

	Nina slowly got up. Head hanging, she came around from behind the table.
Shaking and crying, Nina bared all of her body.

	"I want her," Alvin said.

	But the fourth man stood up at last. "Nina. Put your arms up in the
air."

	Nina did.

	"Reach for the ceiling."

	That body stretched and strained, going taut, nipples rising.

	"Ask me to whip you."

		Nina was panting with fright. "Whip me," Nina said. "Whip me
hard. Whip Nina all over. I will scream for you all..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  V.P. Viddler(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





