BDSM Library - Initiation of Sophie II: Freshman Year




Initiation of Sophie II: Freshman Year
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sophie moves into the next phase of her sorority life as a fully-pledged sister of Beta Delta Sigma.  As she slides into the lifestyle of a submissive, Sophie is humiliated and tormented in ways she never could have imagined, and finds herself becoming less resistant to the constant mixture of pain and pleasure.
"Initiation of Sophie II: Freshman Year"

by MrBondskin@hotmail.com

WARNING: The following account contains consensual and non-consensual scenes
including but not limited to bondage, S&M, incest, violence, watersports,
torture, humiliation, college.

(E-mails are encouraged.  Though busy in real life, the author will respond if
you have questions or comments regarding his work.  Brief one or two words
complimentary e-mails are likewise appreciated, but if the story prompts you to
say something, by all means, write it down and send it.  Enjoy, and remember,
these are works of fiction, based on a mind filled with fiction, and there is no
reality at work here...well, okay, maybe a little reality, but the author will
not reveal which is what.)  

------------------- 




Initiation of Sophie II: Freshman Year

Part 10


The feeling of helplessness was familiar to Sophie.  Just as she had been
wrapped and wound tightly in latex for her first sorority whipping, Sophie found
herself immobile again. 

Sophie's body had healed fairly quickly over the last three weeks, and save for
a few nasty stubborn bruises, only memories remained from the all-night party
session with the highest bidder.  Sophie blacked out many times at the hands of
the man in dark sunglasses, but she remembered the intense pain even if her body
showed no significant signs of her torture.  Now that her body was ready to
receive her official sorority rings, Sophie had to be ritualistically prepared.

In the afternoon, a dozen of the Beta Delta Sigma sisters stripped Sophie and
washed her thoroughly.  After the warm bath, Sophie was laid out and lathered
with shaving cream from her neck down to her ankles.  With so many girls
commanding so many razors, the job shouldn't have taken more than ten minutes,
but these girls made sure to have a little playtime with Sophie, bringing out a
dildo or two while shaving her entire frame.  Sophie couldn't help but start to
feel a tingle in her pussy as the old barber-style straight-edged razors cut
away all of the fine light hairs on her arms, thighs, calves.  When she was
turned over onto her stomach, Sophie's backside was lathered with the thick foam
from the nape of the neck downward to the small of her back, covering up the
dragon tail of the Mazza tattoo she had been given a few weeks earlier.  When
the razors were finished, they turned her over again and let her body air-dry
for a minute or two.     

Her clean shaven pussy immediately felt the cool air and then almost as quickly
she felt the lips and pierced tongue of Janice, then Nomi (whose tongue was
double pierced), and then Julia Ann.  And the by the time everyone had a chance
to suck on and lick inside Sophie's pussy, an hour's time had passed. 

A collar and leash were attached to Sophie's otherwise naked body, and she was
made to crawl to the living room, where a heavy solid oak table awaited.  She
was ordered to lie on the table and the sisters efficiently strapped Sophie down
in spread-eagled fashion.  Oils were spread over the tight little Asian bodies
of Tia and Kia, who revelled in the attention.  When these twins had been
thoroughly oiled, they took turns mounting Sophie and from one skin to another,
applied the oil by rubbing and caressing the strapped and spread initiate.  In
moments like these, it was easy for Sophie to forget about previous pain, and
easy to prepare for future pain. 

The future was close.  Tia and Kia were ordered off and a kind of silence fell
over the girls participating in the ceremony.  Every girl waited on her knees
with hands in her lap, watching for Vicki.  Sophie strained her neck to find the
statuesque Vicki Desmond striding down the staircase, making her way to the main
event.  The sorority president was decked out in her black corset and thigh-high
black leather boots.  Everything else was utterly exposed. 

Vicki was carrying a shiny black metal box, about the size of a VCR.  She opened
the case and began handing out little packets to all the girls surrounding
Sophie.  The packets held little needles, each about 2 inches in length with no
dull end; both tips were sharpened.  Sophie's heart started to race; she had
mentally prepared herself for her nipples to be pierced.  Now, she was looking
all around her and seeing there might be several hundred needles.   

Vicki gave the command and one by one, the sisters placed the special
double-point needles at roughly 45-degrees into the wooden surface and pointing
toward the outline of Sophie's well-oiled, completely exposed and strapped body. 
As the operation mounted, the collection of needles closely surrounding Sophie
grew to over three hundred in number.  It was almost impossible for Sophie to
move a single muscle without a sharp prick being felt somewhere along her outer
skin.  The pins resting between her thighs and just south of her pussy had
already pricked her a dozen times as she adjusted and readjusted her limbs and
her torso to avoid scraping up against the needles everywhere else. 

When 400 plus needles had been finally distributed, Sophie lay perfectly still,
but Vicki could make out the pounding of the heart in the Freshman's chest. 
Sophie's glistening breasts were expanding with every accelerated breath as
Vicki knelt down and approached the young initiate. 

Vicki leaned down with her latex glove-hand and firmly grasped Sophie's thick
nipples.  Sophie's expression was pained and she felt the urge to cry out but
she stiffled that urge.  She tried with all her will not to move an inch as
Vicki brought down a wicked looking instrument.

"Sophie, I've been dying to try this new puncher."  She held the ominous silver
tool right at Sophie's nose, forcing the eyes to go crossed temporarily as the
Freshman stared at the metal.  It looked like an elaborate hole-punch you might
see in an office supply store, only with some sadistic modifications.  "This is
something I picked up from Mazza.  It not only pierces the skin, and creates the
hole, it leaves behind a tiny grommet permanently inside the skin.  And I've
chosen a fairly large grommet because I want your rings to stand out since
you're the only initiate who made it." 

Sophie wanted to squirm, she wanted to let her fear take over and surrender to
an earth-shattering scream, but a kind of strange paralysis commanded her body
instead.  The word "permanent" had paralyzed her.  She was taking in the import
of this when suddenly the grip on her left nipple tightened under Vicki's
fingers.  The hole-punching tool was held about a centimeter from the outer most
part of her nipple; unbeknowst to her this would allow Vicki to pierce the
nipples again closer to the tip when Vicki felt the time was right.  As soon as
Vicki felt the device was centered, Sophie saw Vicki make a fist to close the
handles, and then she closed her eyes as pain seared through her nipple, and
sent shivers through the nerves in her breast and down her spine.  The sorority
girls watched in quiet, but excited observance, some with hands on their laps,
others with wet fingers inside moist pussies.  Tia and Kia were naked on their
knees still, but they were leaning hip to hip and shoulder to shoulder, playing
with the other, flicking at the other's pierced nipples, but maintaining their
focus on the blood vessels in Sophie's neck that strained greatly underneath her
skin. 

Sophie's body could not resist the urge to react to the immense pain, and when
she did wiggle a hundred little pin pricks in her legs, arms, and everywhere
else screamed out in pain.

Vicki inspected the small sturdy cylinder of metal that was implanted within
Sophie's nipple and smiled at the success of the new tool.  The metal length was
perfect and ran from one edge to the other, leaving little room for even a
trickle of blood to escape. 

Vicki gave the trembling freshman little time to recover.  Tears started to roll
down Sophie's cheek, but such a response only heightened Vicki interest and
emboldened her resolve to continue the ritual.  Vikci squeezed the right nipple
and pulled it away from the Freshman's glistening chest.  The leader of the
sorority was excited, but knew there would be time to play with her own pussy
soon enough.  Vicki held the punch firm and applied a quick jolt of pressure,
piercing the flesh and installing new metal within Sophie's dark nipple. 

Sophie began to shout out, but Vicki quickly moved her own wet, excited pussy
over the younger girl's mouth, stifling most of the noise.  Sophie had been
through this routine a hundred times before in the span of a few weeks, and
despite her own pain, Sophie recognized her duty to her mistress. 

As Vicki was getting her pussy attention, the other girls began removing the
hundreds of tiny needles that outlined Sophie's oiled down skin.  Most of the
needles remained in the oak table, while a few dozen had separated from the wood
and were lodged in the outer layer of Sophie's skin.

Four hours later, Sophie was still strapped down to the heavy table, licking the
juices from yet another pussy.  Her tongue was getting sore, which took some of
the pain away from the punctures in her nipples.  Tia and Kia were crawling over
to her when Vicki and Catherine made their way back. 

"Here are your new rings, my pet."  Vicki held out the two silver rings and let
the light catch them just right, causing the rings to give off the desired
sparkle.  Vicki placed the first ring through the left hole.  Sophie heard the
click of metal as she, Tia, and Kia were exchanging wet tongues and kisses in a
three-way kiss.  A second "click" was made over the other breast, and Sophie
remained absent-minded.  In a few minutes more though, Sophie felt her nipples
starting to get extremely hot.  Vicki and Catherine were taking precision blow
torches and permanently welding the connected ends of the silver rings.  The
heat was being conducted throughout all of the metal touching her skin. 
Sophie's eyes began to water even as Tia and Kia flicked their pierced tongues
in and out of the freshman's ears. 

"There, I don't think you'll be pulling those off anytime soon."  Vicki gave the
new jewelry a test tug, and smiled at her fine work.  Catherine gave Sophie a
little friendly slap on the thigh then left for her room to get ready for her
date.  Most of the other girls had already left on individual or group
excursions on this Friday night.  Vicki thought she should give Sophie's body a
brief chance to rest, so she ordered Tia and Kia to draw a bath and "take care
of Sophie" then put her to bed.  The bed was really a thick blanket on the floor
of Mistress Vicki's room, but she was understood without having to elaborate. 

"Wash her inside and out, girls.  Tomorrow we're going shopping for Sophie. 
She's earned a new wardrobe, don't you think?"

Tia and Kia simultaneously nodded and joined that with a simple "yes, mistress."

* * * * * * * *

Part 11

Sophie awoke to the sharp pain shooting across her back.  Vicki's favorite cat
o'nine tails was quickly becoming Sophie's least  liked whip.  When she was
given the privilege of sleeping at the foot of Vicki's bed, this was how the
morning began.  Vicki had her fun for about 5 minutes then ordered the newest
official sorority member to lick pussy for all the Juniors and Seniors that were
still sleeping.  This chore did not take as long as usual since it was a
Saturday morning and a lot of the girls had not come home yet from their Friday
night festivities. 

Sophie pleasured four girls upstairs, then crawled down the stairs heading to
the bedrooms on the first floor.  She nearly screamed when she made it to the
base of the steps and looked up to find Tia and Kia hanging from the ceiling in
the great room.  Each Asian girl was tied in a traditional Japanese shibari
style with tons of tight coarse rope, facing each other, but their painful pose
looked to Sophie like a cruelly executed embrace.  Tia's wrists were tied behind
her sister's back, and Kia's arms were tied likewise.  Their delicate wrists lay
on the other's firm ass, pulled irrevocably close to the sister's body because a
length of rope ran taut between one set of pussy lips, and anchored to the other
pussy via a pair of new clit rings.  Vicki made sure that if one girl even
adjusted her wrist or body in the slightest, she would tug on her own ring and
her sister's brand new ring.  Kia's and Tia's long dark brown hair had been
twisted into a mutual braid, and interlaced with hemp rope that reached high
into the 12-foot ceiling.  The sisters were barely on the tips of their toes,
struggling to stand and balance themselves.  And they each had only one leg that
reached the floor since the other leg had been bent back and tied to the upper
thigh.  Their tongues had been secured together with one larger golden ring,
which meant there was drool that dribbled down their necks and chests, dropping
to the hardwood floor to form a large pool that had building over night.    

Sophie didn't see anyone or hear anyone awake on the first floor, so she
cautiously crawled closer.  Their athletic legs showed signs of numerous
whipmarks and nasty welts, though no blood had been drawn by Vicki and a small
cadre of her sorority sisters who had decided to grant Tia and Kia their
sophomore status rings not long after the twins put Sophie to bed.  Sophie
inched up to Kia and Tia and heard the soft moans from the twins.  After several
hours tied in this manner, the action of the ropes twisting in and around their
clean pussy lips had turned into more pain than pleasure.  Sophie could clearly
see the pussies were being rubbed raw by the movement and coarseness of the hemp
rope. 

Either out of empathy or her latent desires for the two Asian girls, Sophie ran
her hand along Kia's standing (and struggling) leg, and then glided a hand along
Tia's leg.  The girls could roll their eyes downward just to see who was there,
but there was little else they could do to acknowledge Sophie.  Sophie felt
guilty for and confused about her feelings.  She wanted to have a chance to talk
to them, to really talk about normal things outside of the sorority, but there
never was an opportunity.  Sophie even shared an elective art class with them,
but they sat in a corner in the back of the room and hardly ever said two words
while in class. 

How many minutes passed since she had come downstairs, Sophie asked herself. 
She jolted herself back suddenly and cautioned herself not to spend too much
time in her chores.  Sophie turned back around but not before she got up on her
knees and leaned forward to lay a gentle kiss on Kia's and then Tia's ass cheek.          

There were only two girls downstairs who required licking.  By that time, Vicki
went downstairs to check on her slave.  Sophie's tongue was still between Nomi's
thighs when she was interrupted by the sorority president.  Vicki gave Sophie a
thunderous slap on the ass.

"Come on, slut.  Get upstairs and take a shower.  Today we're going to put some
of that money you earned at the fundraiser to good use."

Sophie crawled upstairs and started to get up to walk into the closet where her
clothes had been, but remembered it was expected that she always crawl, unless
otherwise told.  You never knew if one of the sisters was watching for you to
slip on the house rules.  Opening the closet she realized there were only two
items left from the wardrobe she had packed up from her dormroom, a small white
tank top and a pair of grey gym shorts. 

Coming from nowhere, Catherine yanked at Sophie's hair, pulling her up to her
feet.  "The mistress thought your clothes were inappropriate from here on, now
that you are a full-pledge member.  We did save you something to wear for your
shopping trip though.  And here."  Catherine threw a pair of strappy platform
heels at the girl's feet.  "You can borrow these from Janey's stuff---looks like
she's never coming back anyway."

As Sophie wasted no time grabbing the clothes on the way to a shower, she was
reminded of her fellow freshman, Janey.  Her last image of the girl was Janey
locked against the bathroom wall and strapped between two urinals, her eyes wide
like saucers, and her mouth stuffed with a pound of tissue paper.  Not since
that fateful night at Danielle's mansion had she seen or heard from Janey.  And
she hadn't seen her across campus anywhere either.  No one in the sorority even
talked about her failing the final test of the initiation; in fact, no one
mentioned her at all. 

Sophie's thoughts turned from Janey as the hot water fell.  She closed her eyes
and enjoyed the peace of the shower.  She lathered some soap across her pussy,
preparing to shave, as she was told to strictly maintain the clean look at all
times.  Looking down, she couldn't help but be drawn by the bright rings that
moved easily back and forth through her nipples.  It was a surprisingly erotic
feeling that she was not entirely prepared for.  She gingerly tugged at the
rings and her nipples, not sure how much strength she should apply.  It was
enough, she thought, that everyone else liked to inflict pain on her; it worried
her that maybe she didn't care about the pain as much.  Was the line between
what was normal and abnormal becoming more blurred? 

Sophie told herself that she shouldn't but she actually found herself adjusting
to the dragon tattoo above her pussy and wrapped around her pelvis.  And now,
the rings gave her something tangible to play with as she pleasured herself. 
They would also probably give her tormentors like Vicki something additional to
use to cause her pain, she realized.  Vicki's threat had worked to quell any
thoughts that Sophie had about trying to quit the Beta Delta Sigma sorority, but
was that the only reason she stayed?  She asked herself this question as she
turned her body in the shower, coming no closer to having an answer she wanted
to hear. 

Eventually, a couple of the juniors, Nomi and Julia Ann, came to retrieve Sophie
for further grooming.  Other than applying some light makeup, there wasn't much
to add to Sophie before they headed out to the mall.  Sophie pulled the white
tank top over her head and noticed that as she stretched it out, the impression
of her nipple rings was quite prominent through the fabric.  And the bottom of
the shirt wouldn't come down as she remembered it, instead, the bottom edge was
well above her navel.  Julia Ann threw the grey gym shorts to her and Sophie
felt the same disjointedness wearing the shorts; they clearly were tighter.  She
briefly looked  in the full-length mirror and she was shocked to see how the
impression of the cleft between her pussy lips was plainly evident through this
grey fabric.  She didn't have to ask why.  Sophie knew that the girls had shrunk
the clothes on purpose. 

The 5-inch black heels were added next.  Nomi strapped one ankle and Julia Ann
finished the other.  A glance in the mirror let Sophie see how the muscles in
her calves and thighs tensed, and how her ass even seemed to stand out more than
when wearing flat tennis shoes.  Sophie's face already felt embarrassed.  This
was somehow worse, she thought, than walking around completely naked. 

The finishing touch came quickly and painfully.  Nomi spun Sophie around and
held her firmly at the shoulders, while Julia Ann pulled the grey shorts down to
Sophie's ankles.  They bent her over before she could even register a protest. 
Sophie felt some lubricant being applied to her asshole followed by an
acorn-shaped black butt plug.  She gritted her teeth as the plastic acorn was
pressed against her anal ring.  At 4 inches long and 3 inches wide, it was the
largest thing she had ever been forced to take in her ass, and she couldn't stop
the tears as they welled up and ran down her face.  Once the widest part of the
acorn plug was pushed past the tight anal ring, the worst was over.

Sophie was allowed to straighten up.  Her grey shorts were replaced and she took
a couple of baby steps, noting how firmly held in place the buttplug was by its
ingenious and uncomfortable design.  Vicki entered the room and gave Sophie a
little spanking, aiming to strike the anal plug with every little blow.  "Not
like you have a choice, but you better make sure this little baby doesn't come
out today.  If it does, we have a couple of larger sizes that I guarantee won't
come out without the benefit of surgery."

Vicki let everyone else dress conservative, comparatively speaking.  Tight
skirts, low-cut tops, pumps, fashionable chokers...but no one came close to
matching the first impression that Sophie made by her garments.  Vicki gathered
her fellow BDS sisters and the shopping day began.

Part 12  

It was a busy Saturday afternoon at the mall, and Sophie couldn't believe that
she was bouncing around in platform heels wearing no bra, no panties, clothes
that were a least a size too small, and worst of all, the painful element that
was obvious only to her, the buttplug in her ass that hurt her with every single
step, and hurt her more when they stopped to sit.  The stares from boys and
girls was constant.  The looks from moms and grandmoms made her want to hide
under a rock.  And the lust in the eyes of older men and even the elderly men
made Sophie's face flush with redness.

Sophie had braced herself for what she was likely to come home with, but she
wasn't prepared for the virtual stripshows and catwalks that Vicki, Nomi, and
Julia Ann insisted on seeing in public.  The foursome went into a Hot Topic
store and found several things for Sophie to try.  Nomi found a pair of white
nylon stockings that had satin bows saddled just above the knees.  She opened
the package right off the rack peg and told Sophie to try them on.  Sophie
unstrapped her shoes and began the process of rolling the nylons up and over her
knees.  There were a couple of junior high boys looking at some goth tee-shirts
who quickly changed their collective focus.  All eyes were soon on Sophie as she
returned the black platforms to her feet and strutted around the aisles. 

Mr. Watters, the Hot Topic manager had seen these girls come in a time or two. 
Despite his generally laid-back demeanor and multiple tattooed smooth skull, his
first inclination a couple of years ago was to ask them to leave because they
usually made a scene, but after dozens of trips to his store he knew that these
girls always paid, paid for a lot of merchandise, and paid for all it in cold
cash.  He had eventually warmed up to the kinky girls but for strictly business
purposes.

Sophie was constantly worried that everyone could see her nipple rings as she
pranced in the store.  Nomi and Julia Ann agreed that a combination of the heels
and the white stockings made her calf muscles look sculpted and sexy.  Vicki
meanwhile found a shirt for their model.  Vicki curled her index finger and
directed Sophie to the back corner of the store. 

"Here, put this on."  It was a blue, ribbed tank with the words, "I love
Policemen," only a red heart took the place of the word 'love'.  Vicki amused
herself as she looked again at the front.  "You never know, this kind of shirt
might come in handy."

Sophie at first began to pull the 'Policemen' shirt over her head without
removing her own t-shirt.  Vicki shot her a cold, stern look.  Sophie saw the
dressing room off to a corner and she wanted so badly to make a mad dash for
that room, but the anger in Vicki's face stopped her dead in her tracks.  Sophie
closed her eyes, subconsciously thinking perhaps that if I can't see anyone,
maybe they won't see me.  She shuffled off her own tee as fast as she could and
then fumbled to cover her naked breasts with the next shirt, stretching it over
her torso in record time.  From the gasps made by the teenage boys, Sophie knew
of at least two patrons that got a free flash of her tits. 

Vicki admired the top.  "It'll look better after we shrink it down a size or
two.  Okay, you can put your own shirt on now."  Sophie almost groaned aloud.

"Oooooh, Sophie, come here."  Now Julia Ann had found something for her.  Sophie
quickly adjusted her old shirt, trying futilely to stretch it down to rest even
with her navel, but of course the shirt wasn't going to get any longer by her
willing it so.  "Hold up your hair," Julia Ann commanded.  She soon fitted a
leather collar around Sophie's neck.  The collar was black leather with a row of
silver grommets all around it and a silver D-ring that dangled from a loop of
leather in the front.  "Perfect.  Stylish for the public and practical, if we
need a leash.  What do you think, Mr. Watters?" 

Julia Ann spun her model around to face the manager, who nodded his head in
agreement.  "She looks hot.  Almost makes me wish I wasn't gay, Julia."

Vicki came over to admire the collar, and quickly suggested picking up a couple
more.  The girls decided on a matching pair of black leather collars, each about
an inch wide with pyramid designs running around the surface.  They fixed one
collar above and one below the original ringed collar.

The collars were snug and just short of being uncomfortable for Sophie.  With
three collars stacked together, it gave the striking appearance of one leather
collar, heavily decorated, and about 5 inches wide.  Vicki was satisfied for the
moment and paid the store manager.  "Let's go look at some shoes for our little
slut."  She slapped Sophie on the behind again, taking Sophie's breath away as
the butt plug sent painful sensations through her ass.

Sophie didn't think a mainstream mall like this one would have a store that sold
anything close to "dangerous" shoes, but she soon found out otherwise. 
"Clothestown" had dangerous shoes and dangerous dresses; it was a popular place
for exotic dancers to shop for their accessories. 

Nomi found a pair of red patent leather ballet-style heels that came up to the
ankle.  It was uncomfortable for Sophie to bend down because of the tightness
around her neck and the plug up her ass, but she managed to lace each ballet
boot up to her ankles after several minutes.  She needed help from Julia Ann and
Nomi to even get up to stand, let alone walk in the shoes.  Once the girls had
her braced, the pressure in her toes was incredible.  Memories from the mansion
party flashed in her mind's eye.  How other girls managed to master walking in
these was beyond her. 

Vicki stationed herself about 10 feet across the floor, and motioned for Sophie
to come over.  "Come on, I'm timing you, Sophie."  Sophie took careful,
meticulous steps, fearing that she would lose her balance any second.  She had
to use a clothing rack about midway through her journey, but she traversed the
carpet successfully, more or less falling into Vicki's arms at the end.  "Good
job, Sophie, good job."  Vicki gave a quick hug to her freshmen sister,
whispering in her ear, "But I'll still have to punish you for using that rack as
a crutch." 

Vicki found one of the clerks and told her that she wanted two pairs of the
ballet shoes in black. 

"We ran out of black her size.  I'm sorry.  We can order some 8's for you if you
want.  But it'll probably take a few weeks."

"Do you still have any in black---,"  Vicki scanned for the girl's name tag,
"Jenny?"

"We have lots of size 7, and one or two size 8 and 1/2.  You want me to bring
the---"

"Great, we'll take two pair in size 7, thank you."  Sophie was in the process of
trying to squeeze out of the current set, size 8, and she was having a hell of
time feeling her toes after standing in these shoes for only ten minutes. 

As Jenny walked back to the stockroom, she gave the scantily-clad Sophie a look
from head to toe, rolling her eyes; it was an expression that silently said,
"What a fucking freak!"  She had seen lots of strippers come and go in the eight
weeks she had worked at Clothestown, but Sophie drew her longest stares.     

"Anyone hungry for some food?"  Vicki inserted her finger through the D-ring on
Sophie's new collar and tugged on the girl's neck.  "If you're lucky, we might
even feed you some scraps."

At the foodcourt, Sophie sat perfectly still with her hands in her lap and her
eyes cast downward.  The other three had ordered Chinese and were finishing up
their meals.  Sophie realized she hadn't eaten anything since yesterday
afternoon, and she was feeling a little weak.  Mostly adrenaline had sustained
her this far. 

"Let's go Sophie, I've got a surprise for you."  Vicki didn't grab Sophie or
even look in her direction, she simply picked up her bags, stood and starting
walking toward a service hallway that ran between two of the fast food store
fronts.  Sophie caught up to Vicki and followed her down the hall, the platform
heels clicking as she chased after her mistress.  Vicki led the freshman into a
small maintenance closet accessed off the hallway.  Sophie gave the room a quick
once-over and almost puked from the smell of spilled ammonia and cleaning
fluids.  There was stagnant water in one of the mop buckets and the powdery
contents of a fallen cannister of Comet cleaner littered the concrete floor. 

"Take off your shorts and then lean up against that sink drain."

Sophie felt less conscious of being naked in front of Vicki but she was of
course worried that someone would enter the closet and she her naked body. 
Sophie slowly drew her shorts down to her ankles and then handed them to her
waiting mistress.  She walked a step toward the wall and placed her hands down
on the rim of the dingy basin. 

"Spread your legs."  Vicki thought she sensed the slightest hesitation.  "Do it
now, slave."  Sophie complied, feeling the butt plug adjust ever so slightly as
she threw her legs wide apart.  Vicki reached into her bag and withdrew two sets
of metal handcuffs.  Sophie could hear the rattle of the metal behind her. 
Vicki cuffed the left wrist and drew it over the basin to the faucet head,
cuffing the other side around but under the apparatus.  Vicki took the other set
to Sophie's right wrist and attached her to the faucet in the same way.  The hot
and cold water nozzles were wide enough so that neither cuff would slide over
their tops.  The distance from the front of the over-sized sink drain to the
faucet forced Sophie's body to bend uncomfortably at her waist and lean her
weight onto the basin rim.

Vicki took out of tube of her red lipstick and began to write on Sophie's
exposed ass cheek.  Sophie could feel the pressure.  Continuing to the next
cheek, Vicki worked to make the letters legible.  She stepped back from her
handwriting and paused.  "I wonder if I should I write it in Spanish too?"  

"What are you doing, Vic---, I mean, mistress."  There was distress instead of
resignation in Sophie's voice for the first time in weeks.

Vicki rolled down her lipstick, picked up her bags, and started to walk out. 
Sophie began buckling her wrists against the handcuffs, tearing up as she
pleaded with Vicki.  "Please, please, mistress, what's going on?  Please don't
leave me like this. You can't---"

Vicki turned.  "You know, that sobbing might be a real turn-off for some guys." 
Vicki quickly found some duct-tape sitting on a wooden shelf.  "Although, I like
the crying personally."  She leaned down to Sophie's ass and slowly withdrew the
acorn-shaped plug.  From Sophie's perspective, moving the plug backwards was
even more painful than the initial entry of the plastic intruder.  A slight
"pop" was made when Vicki finally got the plug past the anal ring.  Despite the
thorough cleaning that Tia and Kia had administered the night before, there was
some shit on the plug itself.  Sophie saw and smelled it as Vicki brought the
anal stopper around to the freshman's mouth.  Sophie's instinct was to turn
away.  Vicki had handled this before.  She simply pinched Sophie's nose closed
for a several painful seconds and waited for the mouth to open.  When Sophie's
mouth made the move for precious inhalation, the girl was greeted with the black
and brown buttplug.  Three inches wide, and four inches long, this plug made for
an extremely painful gag.  Vicki completed the gag by applying a dozen strips of
duct-tape over Sophie's mouth.  Tears were pouring down Sophie's cheeks as one
by one, Vicki tore off additional strips to secure the huge gag.

"There now, that's a little more like it."  Vicki grabbed her own things again,
slapped Sophie's shaved pussy from behind on the way to the door, being careful
not to smear the writing on Sophie's cheeks that read in big letters: "FUCK ME!"

Sophie heard the door shut.  Another round of pointless tears began.  The size
of the gag and the foul taste of it produced by hours of the plug resting in
Sophie's asshole was provoking something near to a dry heave.  She knew she was
going to vomit any second. 

Sophie shook her body and rattled against her bonds.  It was hopeless; she was
stuck there until Vicki unlocked the cuffs or someone cut her lose.  She wasn't
really in a lot of pain, just in an uncomfortable position, and her mouth had
relaxed a little to adjust to the size of the impromptu gag.  Her ass felt
better just after the plug had been pulled.  It was the feeling of anticipation
that both frightened her and, she would have been ashamed to admit, excited her
at this moment.  Sophie didn't have long to wait.

Sophie had no way to no how many minutes she had been locked in this predicament
when she heard the closet door open again.  She glanced over her shoulder as far
as she could to see if Vicki had returned.  It was one of the employees from the
Chinese restaurant; she recognized him as one of the cooks from the back that
had stared at her earlier in an unblinking, unashamed lustfilled way. 

Wan-Zhi dropped the mop he had taken to the room and rejoined that lusty leer. 
He looked up and down her athletic legs, the white stockings covering her skin,
and then stared at her trembling ass.  Wan-Zhi didn't understand much spoken or
written English, but he recognized the "fuck" word one-hundred percent.  He
turned back to the door and slid the catch for the lock. 

His erection began before he could even manage to take off his pants completely. 
Wan-Zhi wet his cock with his own greasy hands, then grabbed the girl's hips and
entered her quickly.  He pounded at her pussy, ramming her upper thighs against
the sink basin.  Sophie's pussy responded immediately.  It had been a few weeks
since she had been taken by a man, and she had not realized how much she missed
the feel of a hard cock.  She moaned when he began to speed the rhythm; she
found herself throwing her thighs back to meet his thrusts.  Gone was any fear
she had.  Sophie even managed to forget about the foul gag.  She was breathing
quickly and heavily in and out through her nostrils.  She wondered for a second
if her lungs could ever collapse from this hardship on her normal breathing. 
Suddenly she felt his surge of semen explode into her, announced simultaneously
by a satisfied male grunt that could be understood in any language. 

When Wan-Zhi removed his spent cock, and then removed his tight grip from her
hips, Sophie's body sort of just went limp.  Her head fell to her straining
arms, and she moaned softly, wishing he could have lasted a little longer.  In
her hazy state, she heard the lock on the door.  She quickly craned her neck
back around, wimpering, trying to express to him that she needed to cum, that
she needed his cock to make her orgasm.  After several more men from the
restaurant visited Sophie in the closet, she got her wish and she got more than
just one orgasm.  The lunch hours had passed, and the dinner rush was
approaching before the rotissierre of men stopped.  Before the afternoon orgy
was over, every man from the Chinese restaurant and every maintenance employee
from that section had fucked the pussy and ass of young Sophie.

The closet door opened again.  Sophie had her head down, her brown hair matted
on her sweaty face and arms, trying to get her breath from the last fuck, which
was difficult since she had an anal plug duct-taped her mouth.  Her own juices
mixed with rivulets of cum that rolled down her thighs and drenched her white
stockings.  Sophie's ass was still stinging from the repeated slaps and spanks
while countless cocks buried themselves in her holes.  She felt a hand running
through her hair and yank harshly, forcing her neck back hard like so many times
in the last few hours. 

Sophie recognized the woman's voice.  "Well, my little slut, are you ready to go
back home?"  Vicki leaned down to meet the freshly (and frequently) orgasmed
face of her sorority sister.  "Tia and Kia asked my permission to take you out
tonight.  I think I know what they have in mind, so I said yes.  And since
you've been such a good girl today, I decided my new slave deserved a night
out."  Vicki ripped the strips of duct-tape off all at once, causing Sophie to
wince, but not enough to make an audible sound. Vicki returned the buttplug to
its rightful place.  The anal ring offered little resistance this time as
Sophie's ass was lubricated with several coats of semen.  "Now what do we say?"

Sophie's brown eyes looked up at Vicki, even though she thought later that such
a direct look was a calculated risk.  "Thank you, mistress, thank you, thank
you."  She repeated these words as she kissed Vicki's hands, licking the fingers
as she did this, trying to convey the emotions that were erupting from within. 
Even Vicki was surprised by this act of subservience and gratitude, and only a
tiny minority of acts ever seemed to phase the public or private Vicki. 

"You can continue to thank me later; I'll make sure you do."

* * * * * * *

Part 13

For their night out on the town, Tia, Kia, and Sophie returned to the Black Box
where Sophie had undergone a critical portion of her hazing.  The twins wore
matching cardigan skirts that barely covered their asses, black knee-high
stockings, black platforms, and black mesh tops that came down just to their
mid-section.  Anyone taking a close look could make out Kia's silver nipple bars
and Tia's silver rings.  Sophie put on some of the new clothes that had been
selected for her earlier at the mall.  She had the grommet-lined collar from Hot
Topic, open-toed platform heels, a micro leather skirt, and a loose-fitting
metallic silver top that covered her breasts and tied off with only two thins
straps in the back and one around her neck.  Any amount of leaning over produced
a nice shot of her cleavage and her shaven pussy lips from behind.          

While the girls did mingle with many of the men that covered the dance floor,
the three sorority sisters spend most of the evening dancing and fondling each
other.  Sophie loved to watch the twins kiss each other almost as much as she
enjoyed having their four hands grope her and massage her breasts in front of
everyone and anyone who happened to be looking in their direction. After the a
few hours at the club, they caught a taxi to Tia and Kia's apartment.

When they got to the apartment, Sophie was a little surprised to see how
spacious the townhome was.  Tia went into the kitchen to fix some drinks while
Kia gave Sophie a quick tour of the house.  Upstairs, Sophie was treated to a
wonderful full-body massage from the Kia.  Once her sister arrived with a trio
of "Sea Breezes", the girls all found themselves getting undressed and fondling
each other on the king-sized bed.  Kia brought out a few of their favorite toys,
large dildoes and vibrators, and the twins took turns fucking their new friend. 
Sophie was in a constant state of bliss; her ass was a little sore from the
pummeling she took at the mall, but the high she was feeling from being made
love to by these two Asian beauties compensated for any pain.  Kia clipped a
choker and a leash to Sophie's neck and led her into the media room.  Sophie had
no reason to resist. 

When Sophie crawled into the room Tia was in front of the computer, "chatting"
with people online.  The spacious room was divided by two distinct interior
designs.  One half was "soft" with a four-poster bed, votive candles, scented
oils, and fluffy pillows.  The other half was decorated in sterile grey shades
of grey, with metallic implements, chains attached to the floor and walls.  Kia
led Sophie up onto bed and positioned her on at its center.  A lengthy chain
hung down from the ceiling over the bed and Sophie's collar was attached.  There
was plenty of slack, so the position Sophie held on her knees was not
uncomfortable. 

The sisters were unexpectedly rough, Sophie thought.  It was not such a surprise
that they were earning money via a website venture.  And Sophie figured that if
she found them attractive, then males and females alike found them similarly
attractive.  Sophie sort of fell under their spell and did whatever they said,
all the while the three separate webcams caught her naked acquiescence. 

Tia flipped on her CD player and soon the sounds of Blink 182 rammed through
Sophie's ears.  The rush of her emotions was high to begin with---Sophie was
prepared to do whatever the girls asked of her.  Either out of habit or out of
purpose, Tia and Kia came to either side of Sophie's face and held a powdery
white substance under her nose, waiting for the Freshman's next inhalation. 
Sophie had been offered unknown substances before, but she always was in a
position to refuse;  in her sexually moist and electrified state, she never
questioned what Tia and Kia were doing, and she subsequently never thought twice
about what drugs the two might be prompting her to sample. 

Sophie breathed in deeply.  The effects of course did not take over immediately,
but as the Asian sisters chatted on their website and asked their paying
customers what tortures they wanted to see, the effects of the whiffed cocaine
took its desired effect.  Sophie felt light, but her mind felt even lighter. 
She wanted to touch her perfectly shaved pussy, but her wrists now were tied
behind her back.  She managed to raise her head and looked forward to see her
sorority sisters kissing in front of the little internet camera.  Sophie formed
some words but as they crossed her lips she thought to herself that the words
being made sounded different.  Kia and Tia turned toward her, and Sophie saw a
pair of long whips in their hands.  Sophie pretended to protest.  The truth was
that she wasn't protesting at all.  Despite the haze of her current mind, Sophie
generally realized that she was being displayed in front of the camera.  A side
of her wanted to prove to anyone who might be watching that she had conquered
her fears and she wanted to embrace her complete nudity and submission;  why was
nudity such a hang-up, she mouthed to Kia, as Kia's lips pressed against her
eager nipples.  Tia was on the other side of her bonded body, pressing her lips
against Sophie's other erect nipple.

The online requests turned fairly violent as several of the spectators rightly
sensed the novice slave's natural submissiveness and wanted to see how far the
girls would torture her.  Sophie would only remember bits and pieces after this
night---the coke was followed by other drugs designed to heightened her sensory
experience, but not necessarily heighten her memory of the experience. 

Sophie felt the sharp pain of needles again.  She saw Kia approach her left
breast with the longest needle she had ever seen.  It was a six-inch metal
skewer.  Sophie began to buckle and shake...she felt helpless, but then as the
needle ran lengthwise across her breast, it wasn't only pain she felt.  Tia was
licking slowly upwards across her Sophie's clit and this caused that now
familiar mixture of unbelievable searing pain and heretofore unknown orgasmic
pleasure.  Sophie looked down to watch the head of the skewer break through the
skin of the inside of her breast.  It was an otherworldly moment to see the
metal emerge from either side of her breast.  The weight of the long needle
itself was inexplicably light; she sensed that it was there within her own
flesh, but the skewer was not causing her a red-hot pain.

Both twins tugged on the new nipple rings, pulling and stretching, and then
scratched Sophie's breasts and stomach with their nails.  They worked to keep
good clear shots for at least one webcam at all times.  Sophie's body was
shifted around to improve the view and with the sudden moment Sophie felt the
need briefly to pass out.   She looked down just long enough to see Tia and Kia
side by side each one biting down hard on her pussy lips.  Sophie
screamed---even if she couldn't really hear the sound of her screams at the
time----much to the delight of the viewing internet audience.   Sophie was
feeling nauseous; she sensed she could take no more, but she couldn't signal her
pain as Kia thrust a penis gag into her mouth.  Sophie tasted the sweet taste of
Tia's pussy juice on the surface of the gag just before the whole world went
dark. 

When she came to, the first thing she noticed was that the music changed. 
Sophie heard a song by the name of "Moondance".  She fought against her bonds
again, just to test how truly helpless she was.  Sophie had been moved to the
"hard" side of the media room, shackled to the wall.  Her hands and arms had
been bearing most of her body's weight as she hung there limp and unconscious. 
In her hazy return, she looked down to see that a similar skewer now was
bisecting her right breast.  She saw across her own naked and sweaty body,
focusing on Kia seated in a desk chair in front of the computer screen.  Kia was
chatting with onliners about the next torture that Tia was bringing, as per the
requests.   Much of the chatroom treated Sophie, the new slave, as just a
suffering girl to be distorted, a willing thing to be manipulated. 

Sophie was far too drugged at this point to offer up any kind of significant
protest; and the gag in her mouth prevented her from saying anything that the
twins would recognize.  The twins did seem a especially giddy when a subscriber,
someone calling himself "Prof. Pain," came online.  He provided the next
installment of the impromptu Sophie show.   

Tia brought out another pair of 6 inches metal skewers.  This alone was enough
to elicit squeals and squirms from the manacled Sophie.  She watched as Tia
brought the ends of the skewers together, slightly overlapping the metal pieces,
and then wrapped the newly created center with several rounds of black electric
tape.  In the meantime, Kia rummaged through some menacing instruments in a
dresser drawer.  She found a pair of nose clips with an elastic strap and placed
the rounded metal clips into either nostril.  As Kia pulled back on the elastic
this forced Sophie's head to crane back to alleviate some of the pressure being
felt at her nose.  Kia connected the free end of the strap to a D-ring embedded
in the wall a few inches above Sophie.  The result distorted Sophie's nose and
made her squint her eyes in pain.  The nose clips may have looked innocuous, but
the pressure they created was terrible. 

"The inside of your nose really is sensitive, isn't it, Sophie?"  Kia offered,
turning back to the webcam.  "You see everybody, she really doesn't like this. 
Just look what Tia's going to add next."

Tia returned with the reinforced doubly long skewer and slid one sharp end
through the circle of Sophie's right nipple ring, passing it all the way to
Sophie's left ring, until she had the long double-skewer balanced and resting
within the rings.  The skewers were fairly light, so the pull on Sophie's
nipples was hardly noticed.  That changed quickly as Tia and Kia added metal
hooks onto the center of makeshift metal beam.  To the hooks they slowly added
multiple weights, a pound or two at a time, giving the webcam audience a chance
to see how each addition caused the gagged Sophie greater and greater
discomfort.  Sophie's nipples were being weighted downward even as Kia
readjusted the nose clips, drawing Sophie's head back another injurious inch.

Kia and Tia left Sophie in this position while they took a late-night snack
break from the room.  Sophie twisted in her bonds, trying not adjust her head
and neck, but at the same time, she struggled not to jostle her chest.  Sophie
wondered just what pain-wrecked picture she must have made for the online
watchers.  How many people were looking at her, staring at her breasts skewered
and her nipples stretched.  The thought of being on display, and the pain in her
nipples and face all worked to moisten her pussy even more than when she was
being fondled by Tia and Kia.  She knew she was dripping down her thighs, and
there was probably going to be a puddle of her juices on the hardwood floor
under her if the girls kept her in this manacled position for long. 

Eventually, Tia and Kia returned to the media room.  They played with their
friend for a few minutes but soon they were just worn out.  Sophie was allowed
to sleep in their kingsize bed after they had attended her wounds and welts. 
She slept soundly between them and dreamed of scenes that most would have
considered nightmares.  Sophie knew she was completely hooked into the sorority
now, and she also thought into the lifestyle of a submissive slut too.  Dreams
of pain and pleasure dominated her sleep.  While some count sheep, she would
prefer to count lashes from a whip.            


* * * * * * *
Part 14

Professor Rucker stared at his freshman student.  She had just turned in her
test and was making her way back to her seat.  He had enjoyed the abrupt change
in her attire.  The tight pink dress wrapped around her ass, and with every
stride, it seemed the material of the dress bounced just slightly off the curves
of her ass.  Sophie had leaned down to place her exam on the corner of his desk,
and even while he was looking at her seductive walk, his mind's eye looked at
her cleavage from a second ago.  It was obvious she wore no bra.  That alone was
enough to turn the middle-aged professor on.  He imagined that she was pantyless
as well; his fixed view and his wandering imagination were combining to harden
his dick as he sat behind his desk.  Rucker waited until she sat down before
giving her a new assignment.   

"Miss Blakeway, since you are done with your test, I have an errand I need you
to run."

Sophie walked slowly up to the front of the class.  Stares from her fellow
classmen followed her, boys and girls alike, as she made her way. 

"Miss Blakeway, take this note to Dr. Riverside in the Annex building, please."

Professor Rucker unfolded the note to make sure that Sophie saw what was
written: 

	"Go directly to my office.  Take off your clothes.  Wait for me.  	Vicki
thinks you should get to know some of the faculty 	better." 

Rucker continued cryptically.  "The note explains what I need.  Thank you."

Sophie offered a weak smile and walked out.  She did exactly as she was
instructed;  she never knew where Vicki might be watching her or observing just
to see someone disobey.  Professor Rucker opened the door to his office and
found Sophie in a far corner.  She was naked on her knees, had her head down,
her hands resting on her ass behind her back.  Her brown hair just reached down
to her nipple rings, mostly covering her breasts.  As Rucker entered his office,
Sophie then spread her legs, so that he could better see her smooth pussy.

The professor locked the office door behind him and began to loosen his tie. 
"My next class doesn't begin until 6, so we've got the whole afternoon, Miss
Blakeway.  Or should I now call you Sophie?"

Sophie could sense the obvious coyness in his voice.  Without looking up to
address him, she continued to stare at the same spot on the floor.  "You may
call me whatever pleases you most, sir."

Rucker gagged her with his tie before they started, since he was worried about
the sounds carrying out into the hall.  Otherwise, he mostly wanted a blowjob
and then straight sex.  Sophie found this task rather tedious, since his cock
size and his lovemaking skills were both just average.  But for more than 3
hours, she pleased him, and Sophie knew this would make Vicki happy.  She did
manage to orgasm once, but without the element of pain, Sophie felt grossly
unfulfilled.  Sophie wanted to cry out and tell him to pull hard on her hair or
spank her ass, tug on her nipple rings---something, anything that would excite
her.

* * * * * *

Sophie was enjoying some rare quiet time in her dorm reading over her emails. 
Her parents had purchased the laptop as a graduation gift and it was
coincidentally a handy device for them to keep in touch with their daughter via
emails.  Whenever her mother wrote, "just wanted to see how you're doing", it
embarrassed her slightly to think about the reality of her situation.  But,
Sophie justified to herself, isn't it common for college students to hide their
initimate activities from their parents?  She was no different in that regard,
right?  Sophie's mother had been a cheerleader in school and a model for a few
years in Europe before marrying and settling down to raise two girls.  Surely,
mom had her flings and hid things in her past from her parents and probably from
dad too.  Still, Sophie felt guilty for feeling so good by doing things that
normal people would see as bad girl behavior at best and depraved behavior at
worst.

Dorena had written an email or two saying that she would like to visit her older
sister on one of the upcoming three-day weekends.  Sophie had been particularly
close to Dorena growing up, but Sophie quickly rushed back emails to discourage
her sister from making the trip.  As Sophie reflected on a few select memories
from their past, there had been times when the both of them perhaps had been a
little too close for sisters.  At the time, Sophie told herself that there was
nothing to it; they had just played around with each other in a harmless and
shameless way. 

It was clear to everyone that Dorena's body and personality developed faster
than girls her own age.  By age 12, Dorena 's breasts had grown to a healthy
C-cup, she had the full, rounded, taut ass of a dancer, and she stood about
5'7".  Sophie was 2 and a half years older, but Dorena was getting attention
from boys and men of all ages.  By age 14, Dorena had grown to a full D-cup and
stood 5'10" with a tiny 22" waist.  Sophie at first resented this, but as Dorena
pushed away all the male advances, it seemed that the sisters got closer.  It
was during those supposedly awkward teen years that Dorena and Sophie were
forced to bond and found themselves enjoying their bond.  Their dad had several
career moves and picked up the family and transferred 5 times in 8 years.  The
sisters often relied on each other as best friends starting over in new
communities.

When Dorena first entered high school, Sophie was a Junior and they travelled in
separate circles at the same school, but when they were at home Sophie and
Dorena still remained close.  Dorena now was looking at maybe an Ivy League
school or a girls-only university.  But for now, she was nearly 17, a Junior
herself, and curious about what her older sister was up do at college.

Sophie's mental wondering and internet surfing was interrupted by a phone call. 
It was Vicki on the line, demanding that Sophie report to the sorority house. 
Sophie was told what to wear and did not hesitate to drop what she was doing to
appear quickly before her mistress.

Kristee answered the door when Sophie came knocking.  Kristee looked like she
was too excited to contain herself.  She was wearing a string bikini fresh from
laying down in the tanning bed.  Kristee's double piercings in her nipples made
a clear impression into the lycra/polyester fabric and an additional labial
piercing was trying to poke around the corner of Kristee's narrow, tight thong.

Kristee was excited because she and Sophie had been chosen for a special kind of
ceremony, but Kristee didn't know any more.  Vicki waltzed down the stairs at
that moment and told Kristee to "lose the bikini".  The Sophomore did as she was
told, then helped Sophie remove her clothes as well. 

"I have a special project for you and Kristee," Vicki began.  She brought out a
collar from behind her and attached it to Sophie's naked neck.  "A few of the
girls are going to be gone tonight.  I've arranged for some rental time for
them.  But I've carefully organized everyone else to be sitting in with us
tonight."

Vicki attached a similar snug collar around Kristee's neck.  Even without being
ordered, the two slaves instinctively lowered their heads and then fell to their
knees almost in perfect unison. 

"You two are special---I can always spot the naturals.  Come with me, I want to
show you something."

Sophie and Kristee crawled stride for stride behind their mistress as she led
them to the patio.  It was Sophie who first caught the hint of something in the
air, something that smelled of smoke. 

* * * * * * *





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MrBondskin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





