BDSM Library - Prom Dress for Kelly




Prom Dress for Kelly
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kelly's prom preparations take a disastrous turn.
Prom Dress for Kelly

"Mom?"  Kelly stumbled through the door, her arms laden with packages.  She
teetered, struggling to close the door with her foot.  Losing her balance, she
fell, nearly burying herself in boxes and bags.   Laughing, she pushed free,
rose.  Stepping gingerly around the packages, she walked to the kitchen, still
giggling.

"Mom?  Mom, I got it-got all of it!  The dress is perfect, Mom, thank you so
much!" 

At 17, Kelly was a marvel-beyond beautiful.  Long, light blond hair,  almost
5'8".  A lithe body honed by competitive beach volleyball, huge green eyes
framed by long, thick lashes.  The prom dress-a whole outfit, really---was her
parents' reward for her 4.0 grade average.   Kelly was everything-beautiful,
smart, and a good girl, to boot.  Never had sex, never done drugs.  Her parents
were blessed, and they knew it.

"Mom?"  Kelly knew her mother was home-the car was in the drive, and the front
door had been unlocked.  Climbing the stairs, Kelly felt no fear, no
trepidation.  Her mother was probably sleeping, she reasoned.  But this was
worth waking her for.

"Mom?"  Kelly knocked softly, "you decent?" 

"Kelly?"

Kelly tried the knob, was surprised to find the door locked.  Something wasn't
right-her mom sounded upset.  "Mom, are you okay?"

"I'm fine, sweetie," came the muffled reply.  "D-did you get your dress?"

"Yes, Mom-mom, are you sure you're alright?"

"P-put it on, baby-I want to see you in it."

"Okay!"  Kelly bounded down the stairs, her worry forgotten in her excitement. 
Tearing into boxes and bags, she slid out of her shorts, pulled her tank top
over her head, revealing her perfect, C cup breasts.  Tearing open the
Victoria's Secret bag, she pulled out the matched push up bra, lace panties,
garter belt, and seamed stocking set.  Laying on her back on the sofa, she
rolled the stockings on, her hands moving, stroking.  She always felt sexy in
stockings.  Maybe on prom night . . .

Pouring herself into the form fitting black satin sheath, she stood before the
mirror,  adjusting the bodice to best enhance her breasts.   Slipping the
stiletto heels on her feet, she twirled.   Perfect.  She wasn't stuck up, but
she knew how good she looked.  Swirling her hair into a careless cascade, she
pinned it, then smiled. 

Prancing up the stairs, she called out again, "Mom?  Unlock the door, I'm
ready!"

Pushing the now unlocked door open, Kelly swept into the room-and stopped,
stunned.  Her eyes widened as she took in the scene.  Her mom, her lovely, sweet
mother, hands bound behind her, on her knees, a huge black man forcing his
gargantuan cock down her throat as she gagged.  Kelly's dad, on his back, tied
spread eagle, gag in his mouth, struggling in vain, his eyes locked on Kelly.  
Kelly turned to flee, but her momentary hesitation was her downfall-a hand
clapped over her mouth, another around her waist, and she was dragged into the
room.  Thrown belly down on the floor, the man fell on her, knocking the wind
from her with his weight.   Struggling wildly, Kelly was nearly a match for the
man, but he was just too big, too strong.  He forced her arms behind her back,
lashed them together with a length of cord.  Kelly fought to breathe under his
bulk, to scream, but couldn't.  Another pair of hands, and he legs were bound to
a bar, forced and held apart at the ankles.  A hand reaching up, between her
legs, and her panties were torn from her, then jammed into her mouth.  Kelly
squealed breathlessly through her new lace panties, her green eyes wide with
horror. 

Raucous laughter as the men-five of them, marveled at their new prize.  Flipping
her roughly on her back, they admired her breasts straining against the satin of
her dress.  Calloused hands kneading, squeezing as she squirmed, trying in vain
to escape the pawing.  The black man in her mother's mouth was hooting, crowing
with pleasure as he fucked her face furiously, balls slapping her chin as his
tool began to twitch, swell.  With a shout, he blew his load into her protesting
mouth.  Hot, thick spunk filled her mouth, running down her chin as she gagged,
struggled to swallow.   Kelly looked on in horror---this was her mom!  Her MOM! 

Finished, the black man threw her mother to the floor like a used up toy.  Her
mom curled up on her side, trickle of cum running from her bruised face, pooling
before her. 

"Your turn."  He looked at Kelly, who began to struggle anew, trying to get her
bound feet under her to push back.  Sitting on her chest, one man yanked the
panties from her mouth, forcing her mouth open with his fingers.  Unzipping his
fly, he laughed as his huge dick sprang forth, bobbing against her lips. 

"Nnnn!" Kelly whipped her head back and forth, her eyes filling with tears as
the man trapped her head, pushed his swollen cock past her sweet, pink lips. 
She choked, gagged as he shoved further, into her throat.  Gasping, then
writhing wildly as her air was cut off.  Her jaws stretched painfully, but she
didn't notice-she couldn't breathe, and that was all she could think of.  Her
hips jumped and bucked, her knees drew up, trying to dislodge the hateful meat
choking her.  Her dress slid up, further, further, until her soft, blond pussy
was bare. 

"Hey, looky there!"  The black man guffawed, "I think she wants something, don't
you?"  

Grabbing her mother by the hair, he dragged her over, threw her down between
Kelly's quivering thighs.  Shoving hard, he pressed her face into Kelly's pussy. 
Yanking her hair, he forced her face up and down, opening her daughter's slit. 

"Eat her, you whore!"  He shouted, pushing harder as Kelly's mom struggled for
air.  "Eat her or your faggot husband dies!" 
Moaning, Kelly's mom opened her mouth, her tongue snaking out, lapping at her
daughter's pussy.  Wriggling, working, her tongue sought, then found Kelly's
clit.  Kelly's hips twitched, jerked from side to side, trying to evade the
incestuous sucking and licking.  Kelly's father looked on in horror, helpless as
his cock began to stiffen in response to the scene before him---his virgin
daughter in her seductive prom dress, tool buried deep in her throat, while his
wife, her mother, lay between her legs, eating her out furiously.  He moaned,
hating himself, unable to tear his eyes from the scene as his dick continued to
grow. 

"Hey, look at daddy!"  One of the men cried gleefully, pointing at Kelly's
father's swelling meat, "Looks like he wants some of that sweet pootie!" 

"Yeah, he's gonna have to wait his turn!"  The man in Kelly's mouth growled,
picking up the pace.  His hips moved faster, his cock plunging into her mouth,
her throat, his breath coming in short gasps as his climax approached.  Leaning
forward, he began fucking her face angrily, wildly, slamming into her mouth
completely.  Kelly writhed, squirmed frantically, knowing what was about to
happen.  And then it did-his cock exploded, throwing forth wave after wave of
hot, sour spunk.  Kelly gasped, gagged, began to retch as it filled her mouth,
flooded her throat.  The man moaned loudly, continued to thrust into her face
until his dick was limp.  Pulling out, he wiped it on her cheek, laughed. 

Kelly groaned, her belly hot with the cum she'd swallowed, the dregs trickling
from the side of her mouth as her mother continued working her pussy with her
mouth. 

"Enough, she's ready-and so is daddy!"

Grabbing Kelly dragging her to a sitting position, the black man slid his arms
under hers, then motioned for the bar.  Pushing her mother aside, another man
grabbed the bar, pulling her legs up, pushing them back.  Grasping the bar, the
black man lifted her, her legs up against her shoulders, her pussy open, wet and
bare.  Carrying her to the bed, Kelly began to cry out weakly as she realized
what was happening.  Her father, his cock distended, turgid and standing at
attention, began to buck, shouting in horror at the realization.  Lowering
Kelly, the men laughed uproariously as her father's cock pressed against her
pussy lips, then drove into her virgin snatch, propelled by her weight and his
struggles. 

Kelly screamed as her pussy was forced, torn open.  Her hymen stretched, then
ripped by her father's cock, by his frantic struggles.  Deeper, deeper, until he
was buried to the hilt in her fresh cunt. 

"Fuck her, daddy!"  One of the men grabbed Kelly's mom, dragged her to the bed,
"Fuck her, or your whore here dies."  Pressing a knife to her throat, the man
smiled hard.  Kelly's dad moaned, then began thrusting his hips upward, rocking
Kelly with his motion.  Kelly began to sob, her breasts jouncing with the force
of his bucking. 

"You love your mommy, bitch?"
"Y-yes," Kelly moaned, crying.

"You want her alive?"

"Y-yyess."

"Then tell your daddy how good this feels, tell him you've always wanted him to
fuck your pussy."

Kelly moaned, her breath hitching.  She dragged her tear filled eyes to her
father's pained face.

"I-it f-feels s-s-so good, d-daddy.  I-I always w-wanted you t-t-t-o f-f-fuck
me."

Kelly's father roared in rage as she collapsed against his chest, sobbing.   
One of the men grinned, then crawled onto the bed behind Kelly.  Pushing her
dress up over her shapely ass, he grasped her cheeks, pulled them apart. 
Kelly's back arched as she tried to rise up, to push him away, but he shoved her
back down on her father's chest.  Looking into her father's eyes, the man
smiled, then jammed his rock hard dick into her tight ass.  Kelly screamed,
began bucking wildly as the shredding tool pushed deep into her bowels.  The man
whooped, smacked her ass like a cowboy riding a bronco.  The double thrusting,
the bucking, was too much for Kelly's dad, and his cock sprayed into her
bleeding pussy, filling her, coating her with his cum.  Kelly gave a guttural
moan as she felt her father's hot jizz pumping into her.  Pulling her back onto
him, the man in her ass opened her up for the next attack.  The last man threw
Kelly's mom down against her father, then  stepped up, moved into position, and
slammed into her.  Her father lay sobbing as he watched her rape.  Their hands
pinched, pulled as the thrust into her, ass and pussy, shaking her with their
animal-like fucking.  Kelly went limp, her body exhausted, her mind shattered
from the torture. 

The men insider her began fucking her harder and harder, jostling her with their
slamming.  Shouting laughing, they came inside of her, and Kelly moaned with the
knowledge that they were spewing their loads in her pussy, her ass.  But she
didn't fight-she was done fighting.  Pulling out, they positioned Kelly's mom on
her back, legs spread, then pushed Kelly between her legs.

"Time to return the favor, slut."

Kelly obeyed, stunned.  Burying her face in her mom's pussy, she began to lick,
suck.  Lapping up and down, she pushed her tongue into her mom's hole-and tasted
them.  Their cum inside her mom.  Inside of her.  She hadn't realized, it hadn't
occurred that they had already fucked her mother.  She began to cry, even as she
ate her mother.  Her mother moaned low, her hips moving against Kelly's face. 

"Woohoo," the black man shouted, "look at those bitches go!"  He reached down,
grasped his stiffening tool, "Think I'm gonna get me some of that sweet ass!" 
Scrambling up behind Kelly, he grasped her hips, yanked her back on his giant
cock.  Kelly screamed in pain, the cries muffled in her mother's pussy.  
Fucking her hard, fast, he drove her face into her mom's slit, her mouth pushed
against her mother's clit in a fast, furious rhythm.  Her mother's moans became
louder, hoarser as her orgasm approached. 

"N-n-noooo!" Kelly's mom screamed as the climax wracked her body, "Oh, God, NO!" 
Waves of pleasure washed over her, and her hips pressed hard up into Kelly's
face, smothering her in hot juice.  Kelly groaned, sickened, in agony still from
the rod up her ass, jostling her, ripping her.  Yanking her up, twisting around,
the black man in her ass pushed her down against her father, forced her face
against his so he could smell, taste his wife on his daughter's lips.  Shoving
her down, he forced an obscene kiss between them.  Pulling out before he came,
he dragged her back, shoved her face to his cock as it began to spew his spunk. 
Splattering her face, he laughed as it hung, looped, hot and sticky from her
nose, her cheeks, her swollen lips.  

"Hey, look on the bright side, bitch-at least we didn't tear your dress."

Laughing, the men knew it was time to leave.  Kelly's older brother would be
home soon, and they didn't want to be here for it.  Conferring for a moment,
they hatched a plan.  Snickering amongst themselves, they dragged Kelly up,
forcing her torn, bruised pussy down on his face, then tied her there, rope
wrapped around her hips, his neck.  Forcing her face down on his cock, her mouth
open to take it, they bound her tightly to him.  Reaching into the bedstand,
they pulled out the vibrator, pushed it into Kelly's mom's pussy, then taped it
in place.

"Now you can keep the party rolling without us!"

 Turning it on, they laughed, then left.  Kelly's mom lay on the end of the bed,
her hips convulsing with orgasm after orgasm as Kelly's dad stiffened, swelled
at the sight of his wife coming, the taste of his daughter in his mouth.  Kelly
sobbed, gagged, as the working of her throat brought her dad to the brink . . .
and over.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





