BDSM Library - The Price of Debt




The Price of Debt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Joshua and Annabel a happily married couple haunted by a shady past business dealing. Annabel pays for her husbands indiscrection.
THE PRICE OF DEBT

The sun shined brightly, not a cloud in the sky as Joshua and his impeccably
beautiful wife Annabel made their way towards the red open top Porsche parked in
front of the couples mansion.  Joshua had made millions of dollars through
shrewd business dealings and stock broking and at the age of forty found himself
in a position to retire as a tax exile in the Cayman Islands.  Joshua had met
his wife eight years ago through one of his associates and the couple wed one
year later.  The pair had married before Joshua really began to amass his
fortune and although Annabel at twenty-nine was considerably younger, her
commitment and devotion to her husband had never been in doubt.  The pair had
always been deeply in love.

As Joshua revved the Porsche into action he exited through the heavy wrought
iron electronically controlled gates that afforded privacy to the mansion and
its inhabitants.  Joshua and Annabel had lived an almost reclusive lifestyle
since their arrival some eighteen months ago; the locals employed at the mansion
their only significant contact with the islanders.  The only nasty incident that
had occurred was a security breach at the mansion about a month ago, when a rock
with a threatening note attached was hurled through a window.  The note read
"Pay me what you owe me or face the consequences signed Mario".  Joshua had
brought the note to the local police who could be of no assistance and had
checked to see if he had any dealings with a client called Mario, which also
proved fruitless.  The incident had been forgotten about and Mario became a
ghost until today!

As the couples Porsche unwounded down the long sweeping bends from their hilltop
residence, Joshua noticed a car behind appearing to follow them.  He checked out
the occupants of the car who weren't local, four muscular males each wearing a
tropical tee shirt, a white straw hat and dark glasses.  Annabel hadn't noticed
the car behind as the attractive blonde basked in the Caribbean sun, the black
sunglasses on her forehead, the breeze generated from the motion of the car
blowing her long blonde locks of hair from side to side.  She was totally
relaxed dressed in her swimwear, which was concealed by a black printed cotton
mini dress.  She was ready to take their daily walk down the long sandy beach,
followed by a bathe in the clear blue ocean and an hours sunbathing to dry off. 
Her skin was a beautiful light bronze colour as a result of constant care and
attention.  Joshua looked across at his wife and smiled not wanting to alarm her
to the vehicle on their tails.  As Joshua went to look back straight ahead, he
jammed on the brakes upon seeing that a van had broke down in the middle of the
road and had blocked their path.

Without warning the four men from the car behind aided by two more from the
broken down van stormed the Porsche seizing Joshua and Annabel.  The couple had
been snared in a trap.  The memory of the threatening note suddenly returned to
Joshua and he did not try to resist capture remaining as cool and composed as
possible under the given circumstances.  Annabel however thrashed about
furiously throwing punches and kicks at her captors.  She had been kept in the
dark about the note, Joshua not wishing to cause her concern.  The men had just
succeeded in gagging her mouth with some cloth and had tied ropes around her
wrists binding them behind her back when she launched a ferocious kick, catching
one of the men straight in the balls.  He slumped to the ground on two knees his
groin rearranged.  The men began laughing at their colleague's misfortune while
binding her dangerous legs together.  On regaining his bearings the injured man
got back to his feet and shaped up to punch the defenceless Annabel.  Another
man spoke probably the leader of the gang saying, "Cool it, business first
revenge later".  Where the couple had been captured was an isolated part of the
island, near one of the many beaches, which was well hidden from the road by a
dense population of palm trees.  Joshua and Annabel were escorted to the beach
by three of the men; the others removed the cars from view and took out some
equipment from the trunk of the car.  Annabel's legs had been hobbled due to her
earlier indiscretions so the progress towards the beach was slow.  On two
occasions she fell over and was muscled roughly from the ground by her captors. 
Joshua looked at his mistreated wife helplessly.

By the time the group had gone through the bank of trees the other men had
caught up with them laden with nylon ropes, jute bags, some shovels and steel
bars.  Joshua was beginning to get extremely nervous about what fate the men had
in store for him and his beautiful wife.  The ringleader of the gang spoke "
bind him first in a hogtie and then we'll look after the lady".  Joshua was
forced into a kneeling position on the sand his ankles and wrists bound and
joined with rope to form the hogtie.  One of the captors took out insulating
tape and laid several strips across his mouth rendering him speechless.

"Now the broad" was the next command the two men who were holding Annabel undid
the binds from her wrists and swept the legs from under her.  Annabel fell onto
her back and was quickly pressed into the sand by one of the assailants, his
butt resting on her stomach, his knees pinning her biceps and his hands pinning
her wrists.  A premeditated drill was then set in motion as another of the
attackers began hammering a nail bar which was two feet long and had a rounded
top into the sand.  Just as the top of the hook reached the sand he called for
one of Annabel's wrists to be placed through the hook.  The man continued
hammering until the hook wedged her wrist tightly against the sand.  The
manoeuvre obviously hurt Annabel as a painful expression came across her face. 
To ensure Annabel couldn't pull out the bar, a jute bag containing a stone of
sand was placed across the bar.  The process was repeated for her other arm and
the hobble was removed from her legs to continue the procedure.  When the man
finally got up off her she was spread wide defenceless in the sand in the shape
of an X.  She had struggled as best she could with the men to no avail and was
now subdued almost ready to accept her faith.

Her husband had been watching the proceedings in horror and had fell onto his
side in a vain attempt to break free and come to the aid of his stricken wife. 
The gang leader had Joshua back on his knees before beginning his speech.  "Two
years ago Josh you had a business dealing with a Mr. Ackerman in Chicago.  The
deal went sour and Mr. Ackerman lost a lot of money.  Mr boss "Mario" who was
lets say, in partnership with Mr. Ackerman also lost money that he has reason to
believe you are in possession of.  Mr. Ackerman could not reimburse my boss so
he is fish meat at the bottom of the great lakes, so is his wife but she had a
more sexually orientated death if you know what I mean!"  The couples eyes
bulged in terror especially Annabel as she hadn't heard of Mario before.  Joshua
on the other hand was only too aware of the significance of the rock through the
window!

He continued on "of course Mario wants his money which by the looks of it you
can afford, $500,000 plus interest that makes $1,000,000.  I'll give you account
numbers later but first I have to follow orders and rough up your wife a bit,
help you make your mind up.  He nodded at two of his assistants who quickly cut
the petite cotton dress clear off Annabel.  She squirmed in protest but could do
nothing to prevent it.  The ringleader whistled and exclaimed, "wow is she a
gorgeous fuckin bitch" clearly impressed by Annabel's very sexy lilac swimwear. 
At this point he called off his cronies and took possession of the last
remaining nail bar.

He proceeded in the direction of Annabel and standing over her began caressing
the bar up and down her spread legs and arms paying particular attention to the
inside of her thighs near her crotch.  Annabel squirmed violently giving the man
a stern look not wishing to entertain the taunts of the bar at all.  He then
moved the bar onto her exposed stomach and reached the hook in under her bikini
between her breasts and pulled the bar towards him.  Annabel's back was just
about to leave the ground when the bikini fastener snapped.  Her perfectly
formed tits popped out drawing laughter and taunts from the other men. 
Annabel's instinctive reaction was to try covering them, which of course was out
of the question.  Her lilac bikini now lay on the sand beside her.  Her
tormentor remained focused his work not yet complete.

He began working the bar around her nipples until they rose prominently into he
sky.  Annabel's fighting spirit was diminishing fast, replaced suddenly by
nervous tension.  She pissed on herself involuntarily, her swimwear pants
turning a dark purple as golden streams began to run down the inside of her
thighs.  She blushed and became extremely embarrassed.  She could see all her
captors become erect after witnessing her intensely erotic display and feared
that rape was inevitable.  Joshua too became increasingly concerned about his
wife's welfare but kneeled bound and helpless watching all of the activity.

The gang leader was the only one bemused with what he saw and continued with the
plan.  Without any foreplay he reached the hook of the nail bar under Annabel's
soaking swim pants and pulled as hard as he could.  This time Annabel's whole
mid section was lifted clean off the sand.  The pants shot up the crack of her
ass before finally snapping when supporting most of Annabel's finely tuned
frame.  She was in some discomfort when her buttocks and back landed on the sand
but her captor didn't seem to care.

He knelt down between her spread legs and started rolling her carefully trimmed
wet pussy hair around his index finger giving it the occasional tweak.  To
Annabel's horror he then drew a small battery operated razor from his pocket and
shaved off all her pussy hair.  He then rubbed his hand over her box to make
sure she was smooth enough for the next piece of the jigsaw.  He threw the razor
to one of the other men and with his finger and thumb spread Annabel's pussy
lips as wide as he could expose the pink of her vagina.  With his other hand he
picked up a fist of fine sand and threw it into her pussy.  The act drove
Annabel wild with torment and she began furiously lashing out at the binds with
no success.  Joshua's eyes seemed to increase in size, as he couldn't believe
what was happening to his darling wife, worse was still to follow.

The ringleader nodded to one of the other men who brought him a small icebox. 
He opened it and lifted out its contents, a 9" silver vibrator shaped like a
bullet.  He lifted it high enough so Annabel could see the gift she was about to
receive.  The guy was having trouble handling the vibrator it was so cold!  So
he plunged it aggressively and as quickly as he could up Annabel's sandy vagina. 
He had some difficulty getting it in due to the sand.  The whole operation was
extremely painful for Annabel and she screamed as hard as she could into the
gag.  Joshua had seen enough and began vomiting.  As the ringleader was getting
to his feet he chuckled and switched the vibrator on fully.

Annabel's screaming only stopped when the cold vibrator numbed her pussy
providing some rest bit.  The gang however had used the technique before and
knew that the combination of the dildo and sand was tearing the shit out of the
inside of her pussy.  She would be forced to remain celibate for a couple of
months when it was over.  The gang leader turned to a nausea ridden Josh and
throw him an envelope saying that the details contained would give him the
information needed to pay his debts.  The leader uttered, "failure to pay the
debts will result in a far more sinister return visit Josh, it's your choice
man.  I would not want your lovely wife to come to any further harm."

In the meantime the numbness had worn off Annabel's pussy and she resumed
screaming feeling the sand papering affect between her legs.  Before the gang
left the leader allowed the member who had been kicked in the balls to take his
revenge.  He undid his zipper and pissed all over the flailing Annabel.  He then
picked up one of the sandbags and dropped it on her stomach knocking the wind
out of her sails.

As the beach was so isolated Josh's arms were released so he could get free and
aid his stricken wife giving the gang time to escape.  The gang ran quickly to
the cars and left satisfied that the message had gotten across.  Josh freed the
remaining bounds and rushed to his wife whose eyes were swollen red with tears. 
He switched off and removed the vibrator and then undid the binds.  Annabel was
distraught and crying uncontrollably as Joshua moved to hug and reassure her.

The following day Joshua paid the money and carried out all of the instructions
to the letter.  He decided that informing the police was a waste of time the
gang had got what they wanted.  Joshua had to concentrate on rebuilding the
couple's lives.  Annabel's emotional scars would last longer than the physical.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stravinsky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





