BDSM Library - Phaon's Binding




Phaon's Binding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A tale about a couple's first night alone leading to latex, bondage and wanting passion. This story was inspired by an actual session in chat between me and m'love, Phaon (chat name).
Phaon's Binding


 Dark is already waiting in the room when Phaon enters. He just stands there
with a gentle smile on his face seeing his love.

 "Good to see m'love" he says softly.

 "And you as well, dearest" she coyly replies.

 "What would you like for me to do to you?" he kindly asks her already having a
plan for what he wants to do.

 Phaon just grins heavily as she cocks her head to the side before replying,
"Well, that is entirely up to you..."

 "Mmmmmm, my choice is it?" he asks with a sly grin on his face.

 She seductively takes a step forward towards him and runs her tongue over his
jaw than kissing his chin lightly. "Mmmmhmmmm" softly escapes her tender lips.

 "As you wish m'love" he tenderly answers.

 She leans back gently with a coy grin on her face, gazing upon him. Dark begins
to rub his hands along her body to gently caress it.

 "Hmmmm" slowly flows from her lips as she runs her tongue over his lips, her
fingers tapering up his arms and over his shoulders. She slowly leans forward to
nip lightly at his neck. He gets a soft and wicked grin across his face at
finally being alone with his love.

 Dark slowly rubs his right hand across her delicate and delicious ass while his
left hand gently cups and fondles her breasts. She continues to gaze upon him,
her brow arched. She places her lips against his neck again, drawing her tongue
over it until she reaches his ear. She nips sharply upon his lobe while purring
softly.

 He gently and softly moans under his breath, "Mmmmmm that feels good."

 She smirks some, drawing back. "Well, I don't know how good it feels to you but
it's fun for me." she softly says to him.

 "I love it like that." is all that he replies.

 She runs her fingers over his jaw and than down his neck and across his collar,
looking him over some. He slowly begins to pull her shirt off slowly. She only
smirks quite obviously not assisting him in the ascent of her shirt. Her eyes
upon him, her brow arched in innocence and curiosity. He finishes pulling her
shirt off revealing a nice black lacey bra wrapping her tender and delectable
breasts. He slowly brings his lips close to her neck and begins to sensuously
lick her neck and slowly travels downward to her breasts than stomach.

 Phaon bites her lips some, tracing her fingers over his neck and across his
shoulders. She presses her hands into his back and begins to drag her nails her
nails up along it. She watches him as he travels downward, her eyes glinting
playfully. His lips continue downward till he reaches her silk skirt. Softly and
delicately he pulls her skirt downward and off revealing a black lacey thong. He
lets his tongue play softly and sensuously across her sex pressing through her
luscious underwear.

 She runs her fingers through his hair, smirking noticeably though her
expression is otherwise soft and pleading, unable to stifle a whimper. He gently
lifts her left leg and begins to slip her skirt up and off. He than slowly and
gently lifts her right leg next pulling her skirt completely off. Phaon arches
her brow and smiles, running her right index finger over his jaw.

 "Dare I ask what you have planned?" she asks him questionably.

 "You will see m'love." is all that he replies to her as he begins to massage
her legs with a gentle passion with his hands. He slowly dances his tongue up
and down her legs. "And you will feel, m'love."

 She arches her brow, her lids gliding shut. Shivering at the thought and the
feel of his tongue running over her legs. Dark begins to let his tongue dance
playfully and sensuously up the back of her legs as he slowly begins to travel
upwards. She feels her lips curl into a pleasured smile, her eyes still closed,
her brow furrowing some at the teasing.

 She says with a small gasp, "It isn't nice to tease, dearest."

 "Foreplay is the best way to get things off to a better start." he calmly says
before his tongue reaches her left ass cheek that is beautiful to touch, taste
and sight. He lets his tongue along with his piercing play across both of her
ass cheeks. She shivers and grins, nodding in agreement to his comment.

 He lets his tongue and piercing slide sensuously up the crack of her most
delicious ass. She bites her lip before saying, "That it is...except I'm the one
used to being the one teasing."

 "Now the tables have turned, m'love. You will get your chance soon." he
delicately says.

 "Oh, will I?"

 He lowers his lips to her right ass cheek as he presses his teeth against it
and nibbles sharply. He than says, "Oh yes hun, remember that I am a switch."

 She dares to allow her lids to slide back, gasping sharply. Her grin broadening
as, "Mmmmhmmmm" just flows from her throat.

 "I love to dominate along with being dominated. I mostly dominate."

 "Hmmmm," is all that she can manage as she dares to glance over her shoulder,
though she can't see him. "I think I like being dominated."

 He begins to kiss her delicate and sensitive ass before he begins to let his
tongue dance upwards. "I am glad you do hun" he replies to her sensuous comment.

 "I do have a few peeves" she says while she can still think.

 "What are your peeves so I know?" he calmly asks her curiously.

 "No burning with cigarettes. Happened once, REALLY don't want it to happen
again. Not that I should worry." she calmly says to him.

 "I don't do mutilation. Never did, never will." he tells her.

 She lets out a light laugh as she tells him, "All right than, that's my
peeves."

 "I will only try nipple piercings along with hopefully clit piercing if allowed
to do so." he tells her.

 She arches a brow as she says, "Well, perhaps I will allow you to do so."

 "I thank you m'love and it will be my honor." is all that he says to her.

 She smiles gently as she says, "It's my pleasure. Literally."

 "Oh yes m'sweet love, it will be mine as well. Literally." he says before he
lets his tongue dance sensuously up and across her back. She sighs lightly,
bending her neck as his tongue dances along her back. She bites her lip again.
He sensuously begins to lick and kiss the back of her neck as she lifts her
head, leaning back into the kisses.

 He continues to lick the back of her neck while he undoes the straps to her
bra. She lifts her right arm, sliding her hand around the back of his neck,
cradling it gently. He lets the bra slide down her body onto the floor. He lets
his tongue dance its way to the front of her neck as he slowly moves to her
front while cradling both of her sweet and tender ass cheeks in his hands and
fondles them gently with a pinch here and there. She arches her back of her
neck, sliding her hands over his body as he rounds to her front and watching him
curiously.

 He lowers his tongue and begins to lick her nipples before he gives a sharp and
long nibble. She stifles a small squeak of enjoyment of enjoyment, still
cradling his neck in her right hand. She drags her nails lightly over his back
with the other. He feels pleasurable pain of her nails across his back and gives
a soft moan of enjoyment while he lets his tongue lick and play while his teeth
nibble and pull. He lets his tongue glide downward towards her naval. She
continues to watch a moment before her eyes fall shut, her breath catching a
moment in response to the images in her mind.

 Dark lets his tongue tease around her naval while his hands move towards her
hips to where her panties are being held up at. He lets his tongue drift
downwards towards her now moist clit as he simultaneously and slowly begins to
pull her thong down and off. She remains still, allowing him to do as he
pleases, awaiting further pleasure or instruction. Her lips glide open once more
and her fingers to run through his hair and over his neck and shoulders. Her
brow arched and her smile fading.

 He lets his tongue ring dart in and between her cleft lips. She moans quietly,
her eyes closing again. Her fingers closing gently about the strands of his
hair. He lets his tongue dance across and into and between her lips. She
shivers, smiling softly in response to his actions. He lets his tongue curl
upwards as it dives deeper past her tender lips. She moans again, the sound
soft, more a whine than much else, for a moment. She staggers, her knees going
weak, but it only lasts a moment. He lets his tongue twirl around inside her
sweet and aromatic pussy. He pulls her left leg up gently while his tongue is
tasting her sweet juices. He pulls off part of her thong.

 She allows him to do so, biting her lip as he tastes her, barely able to stifle
another whine. He gently lifts her right leg up to pull off her thong
completely. His tongue still dancing inside her daringly. She opens her eyes,
looking down at him. Still biting her lip, she whimpers lowly. She  drags her
nails across his shoulders, wanting to nip and play but unable to reach.

 Dark gets a sly grin on his face as he removes his tongue slowly from her pussy
and lets his piercing play across her cleft lips for a couple seconds.

 "Stay put for a second and don't move." he commands as he walks behind her and
heads towards a box by the bed and picking it up.

 She arches a brow, holding her breath a long moment before whimpering again,
the sound soft and pleading. She finally releases her lip only to run her tongue
along her lips, her brow arching as she looks over her shoulder at his decent.

 "No peeking, m'dear." he gently reminds her as he brings the box up to right
behind her. He sets it down and opens it. She frowns some and sticks out her
bottom lip, returning her attention to what's directly in front of her,
listening to his movements. He pulls out a shiny black latex hood that has a
hole in the top for her hair to go through and holes for only her nose and
mouth. There are no slits for her eyes. He gently pulls it over her head and
pulls her hair through the pony tail hole in the top. She closes her eyes as the
hood in placed over her head resisting none, though not being able to see puts
her at a disadvantage.

 He smoothes out all the wrinkles and notices that the hood size is just a size
or two smaller than her head in its shiny glory. She remains completely still,
as she has not been told it's ok for her to do otherwise. He finishes placing
the hood tightly around her head and secures it in place with a very small metal
padlock. He than says to her, "You may feel the hood with your hands if you wish
now."

 Phaon nods and runs her fingers lightly over the shiny latex, over her face and
than up, running her fingers through her hair and than downward and over the
back of her neck drawing them forwards and across the collar before letting them
fall.

 He watches her caress and explore the hood while he head back to the box and
searches in and through it. He pulls out a large rubber blow-up remote control
vibrating dildo and butt-plug. He brings out a metal chastity belt next. He than
attaches both attachments to the belt. He brings the metal waistband around her
waist. He locks the waistband of the chastity belt around her waist with a click
sounding from the small padlock that was built in. She jumps slightly in
surprised to the click, shivering at the cold metal against her skin.

 He pulls down from the ceiling a small bar for her to hold on to while he
continues his work. He guides her hands to the bar to help steady her at a
slight angle. She does as she is instructed, balancing at a slight angle as he
suggests. Her eyes still closed, as there is no reason to open them. He brings
the vaginal dildo up to her clit, still un-pumped, and gently slides it in for
her pussy is well lubricated from the use of his tongue.

 She shivers some, curious to know what's being done, but relishing instead of
not knowing. Her breath quaking slightly. He lets his hand slide to where her
moist lips and the phallus meet and lets some of her juices collect on his hand.
He rubs the juices all over the butt-plug and a little to the entrance of her
ass, letting his finger slide in gently and twirling it around. Phaon whimpers a
little, biting her lip, squeezing her eyes tightly shut and gripping the bar
tightly. A small whine escaping alongside the whimper. He pulls his finger out
and lets it slide across her quivering lips with it full of juices, no shit on
it. He begins to insert his finger into her mouth. She runs her tongue all along
his finger, taking it in as she should, sucking upon it lightly.

 Dark slowly brings up the butt-plug up to her ass while she continues to suck
on lick his finger. He locks the crotch piece of the belt with a soft click to
the back of the waistband. She furrows her brow despite her relaxed state,
moaning some hearing the click. He pulls his finger out of her succulent mouth
before he attaches the pumps to little holes in the bottom of the belt to where
they are connected to the phalluses now secured in his willing love. He slowly
begins to pump up the vaginal plug and watches with great interest her reactions
to what he is doing. He continues to slowly pump up the vaginal plug to where he
knows that it is starting to fill her even more. She bites her lip, moaning
softly, lowering her head some. She remains completely still otherwise, her
breath catching after a moment of holding it and than the whimper accompanied by
a whine.

 He guesses that the plug is about 6 inches long and 4 inches wide now and still
expanding with each slow pump of the bulb in his hand. She moans louder, feeling
the pressure within her becoming almost painful, but not in a bad way. She
gasps, moaning loudly. The whimper coming again, her brow furrowing behind the
mask. She grips the bar tighter, her knuckles whitening. Dark continues to
pumping till the bladder in her plug is now at its fullest which is 9 inches
long and 5 inches wide.

 He pulls out the tube from the chastity belt knowing that the plug will remain
that size till he deflates it if he chooses. Phaon groans, shifting uneasily as
the pressure within her is immense and pleasurably painful. Her breath quakes
and she does her best to remain relaxed, but can't help tensing occasionally,
such a gesture followed by a whine.

 He quietly says, "Good girl. You love this?" He pinches her right nipple gently
between his index finger and thumb of his left hand. He asks her again, "Do you
love this m'sweet love?"

 She gasps, her breath coming shortly and sporadically. In almost a whisper, she
moans her pleasure, "God....yes."

 His right hand waits on the butt-plug's bulb. He than tells her, "I am pleased
to hear that m'sweet." He notices that the bulb for the butt-plug is double the
size of the vaginal pump's bulb therefore it would pump up faster.

 She manages a playful smirk and nods while saying, "Yes, I imagine you would
be."

 Dark slowly begins to squeeze the bulb letting the air enter her anal region
and expanding it with the already large un-pumped plug. She gasps and groans
some, biting her lip hard. Her grasp tightening if it can upon the bar, her
hands aching from her grasp. Her body shuddering in painful disdain, but that
isn't to say she dislikes it, because to say so would be lying. He slowly
continues to pump up the plug that is starting to expand greatly in her most
delicious ass. He pumps up the anal plug to its fullest which is 8 inches long
and 5 1/2 inches wide. He knows that is 5 1/2 inches wide in the center for the
plug is shaped like a cone. It is 8 inches wide at the base closest to her
entrance.

 Phaon moans, the sound becoming louder with each passing moment, becoming more
of a series of unintelligible grunting and whimpering that much else. Her grip
is so tight now that she's losing circulation in her fingers. She clenches her
jaw, biting her lip so forcefully she can taste the dull metallic warmth of her
pierced skin. He gives the plug another small squeeze expanding it a bit more
past its full capacity knowing that it will not break if just a little more is
added. He detaches the tube from the belt and securing this plug in very tightly
and hugely pumped.

 She whines some, trying to remain relaxed, but finding it rather difficult to
do. She releases her lip, gasping in repeatedly a few times. Her breath shallow
and rapid. Dark helps her release her hands from their tight grip. He than says,
"I will help you walk around so you can catch your breath and feel your new toys
better for I know that they will move in and out with each passing step." He
holds her left arm gently with his left arm as he helps steady her with his
right arm cradled on her back.

 She relaxes the moment she releases the bar, managing to facade of absolute
comfort despite the agonizing pleasure of her new toys. She feels his arm hood
beneath hers, his other slipping about her back. "As you wish it, dearest." is
all that she manages to reply.

 He helps guide her slowly across the room knowing what the plugs might be doing
for they will move in and out along with side to side all the ways with each
passing step she takes. She pauses after a few steps, biting her bleeding lip
again.  Feeling them slide in and out and side to side, she groans softly. Her
brow furrowing beneath the hood, her breath catching again as she continues
thoroughly enjoying the current predicament.

 He continues to guide her around the room imagining what she must be feeling,
thinking and going through with this pleasure and pain he is giving her. He
knows that he is not even close to done yet. He suddenly gives a good slap on
her ass which would send a vibration strait into her anal plug and it would
wobble around her like Jell-O in her for a few seconds.

 Phaon cries out, pausing again clenching her jaw tightly. The pressure within
her making it difficult to pretend she does not notice any longer, but the
smack, that she like. She quakes from within, her body responding to the intense
painful pleasure and the images in her mind. She allows her tongue to glide out,
sliding over the place where her teeth punctured the skin. Reaching back to run
her hand over the place where he smacked her.

 He leads her back to the bar and helps guide her hands to it. She grips the bar
again, her grip slightly less than it was before. He begins to braid her hair
into a pony with a leather tarse braided within it. He finishes off the braid
with a large metal O-ring tied and braided into the end of it. He lets the ring
down slowly and watches as it slowly dances across her back flowing with her
body's movements.

 She remains still and obedient, whining occasionally as she shifts and tenses.
The plugs inside of her sliding and shifting. She groans and tenses again,
arching her neck and back and then relaxing. Dark slowly begins to gently rub
his hand in and between her legs and gently pulling and pushing and twisting as
much as he could onto her chastity belt. He than presses the front end of the
belt in more with a little pressure. She moans again, louder and more prominent.
Her lips parted to allow her hot breath to pass hastily over, her body softens
with condensation. The result of such painful pleasure emphasis on the pleasure.
The pale flesh turning a shade of pink with the exception of her hands which are
white from gripping the bar. She arches her neck again, running her tongue over
her lips.

 Dark watches her movements of tortured pleasure and grins a wicked grin of
delight. He than gently asks her, "Do you want more m'sweet kinky love?"

 She arches her brow, though it can not be seen, a smirk playing upon her lips.
"What did you have in mind?" she asks him questioningly.

 Dark simply replies, "A lot more m'love."

 "Hmmmm." is all that escapes from her quivering lips.

 He gives her nipple another slight pinch. She pretends to think a moment,
shuddering at the pinch. She arches her back and neck again, having grown rather
accustomed and delighted by her toys. She stretches some, almost teasingly, the
smirk still playing upon her lips. "I am yours to command, my dear. Do with me
what you will." she tells him slyly.

 "As you wish m'love." he says as he grins even more wickedly at hearing her
wishes. He heads back to the box and pulls out a small black latex catsuit along
with a tube of lubricant. She lingers where she is, relishing in her toys. Dark
notices that the latex catsuit is 2 sizes smaller than his love's figure and is
a full one. The catsuit would cover almost everything except her head which is
already wrapped in delicious latex. She groans, shifting some where she stands,
enjoying her self-indulgence. Dark unzips the latex suit's waterproof closure
and squeezes some lube into it. He than squeezes some more onto her awaiting
body and begins to rub it around. He continues to squeeze lube onto her and into
the suit until both are fully lubricated. Phaon remains still and obedient,
awaiting the next challenge. He knows that the cool touch of the gel would
arouse her more. Phaon trips over her breath, the cool gel surprising her some.
As her skin is incredibly warm, she shivers, a chill sent up her spine.

 He helps guide her left leg up and strait into the suit's left leg. It slides
in smoothly with the lubricant. He picks up and guides her right leg in next.
The lube flowing smoothly around in the suit and her legs.

 "Mmmmmmm" brushes past her lips. She shifts some, enjoying the way the lube
feels against her skin, pressed against her between her skin and the suit. Dark
pulls up the latex catsuit up which he pulls it tightly over her legs and begins
to squeeze them into their new skin. The latex showing off every curve and
muscle in her legs. He continues to pull the suit up till it pasts the chastity
belt and waits at her waist. The suit pulling tightly around her. She whines,
her brow furrowing. The suit closing tight about her, intensifying the torturous
pleasures within by compressing the pleasures without. She gasps, choking on it
a moment, gripping the bar tightly.

 He gently smoothes the suit's latex legs over his love's long and gorgeous
legs. She shivers at his touch. Moaning again as she seems to be making a great
deal of noise at this point. He gently grabs her left hand and begins to guide
it into the suit's left arm. She slides her arm in as best as she can, the suit
closing tightly about her making it rather difficult and yet she manages. In her
releasing the bar, it throws her off balance some.

 Dark grabs hold of her to keep her from falling. He guides her latex wrapped
arm back after the latex tightly engulfs and pulls on her skin and arm. He helps
her place her left hand back onto the bar. She grips the bar again, her
expression weakening with each passing moment. Not sure of to relish in what
she's got, or to beg for more, but decides right then to be patient and see what
he has in store.

 He pulls her right arm and begins to guide it into its new latex prison. He
finishes pulling her right arm tightly into its latex home before he guides her
right hand back onto the bar. She holds the bar obediently as before, focusing
upon the tightness in her lower regions. Agonizing in it and loving it at the
same time, her body shuddering and quaking at its own accord in response to the
pleasures endured.

 Dark reaches into the suit around her chest to where her left breast is and
begins to guide it into a small band entrance to the left breast pouch. The band
and the pouches would balloon her breasts out even more along with the squeezing
the base of them. He gives her right nipple a quick pinch before he slides her
right breast into the tight band and tight breast pouch. She groans some as he
adjusts her, pinching upon her right nipple. She runs her tongue excitedly
across her lips, sucking her bottom lip between her clenched jaws once more. Her
nails driving into the palms  as she squeezes the bar. Feeling quite constricted
in the suit, but finding the constriction strangely appealing and arousing.

 He walks around to the front and brings his lips close to her as he places a
gentle kiss onto her quivering lips. Phaon returns the kiss gently, the softness
of his lips against hers heightening her pleasures to an even greater degree.

 "M'love, don't worry for you are almost done being dressed, than the fun really
begins to start. Are you ready?" he calmly says to her.

 She nods slowly, forcing a grin before replying, "I am."

 "That is my girl." he says back to her. He walks behind her and slowly begins
to zip the suit up which in turn begins to tighten even more around her body.
She whines, shifting uncomfortably  which is rather difficult as it seems her
entire body is constricted beneath the suit. The whine is loud and high, a
descending sound that sounds after a while like a growl. He finishes zipping the
suit up fully to where it finishes at her neck and the base of her hood.

 Phaon sighs lowly, arching her neck as the suit is zippered. He rubs his hands
gently across the entire portion of her now latex transformed body. Its skin
fully tight and showing her body's curves more and stronger. His touch would be
amplified into even more sensual pleasure through the latex. She shivers,
shuddering silently at his touch, taking to clenching her jaw once again. Her
shifting aggravating her eternal amusements so that she's forced to gasp once
more, gripping the bar tightly.

 He lets his fingers slowly circle around her fully erect latex wrapped nipples.
His touch would be greatly amplified due to the latex increasing her stimulus
even more. She whines, arching her neck and back, lingering in the touch and
loving it, wanting more of it, but not being reduced to begging for it.

 "You may have permission to fully explore your new body and skin m'love.
Careful that you don't fall and I will help you if you lose balance." he calmly
tells her with a coy wicked grin on his face.

 Phaon nods and releases the bar slowly, running her fingers lightly over every
inch of her being. Gasping and moaning occasionally depending on where her
fingers venture. The travel across her belly and over her breasts, down her
sides and over her thighs, running between them and pressing lightly against the
plug, her body trembling in response.

 Dark watches in deep latex induced fascination seeing his love transformed into
a latex doll for both his and mostly her pleasure. She bites her lip, slowly
bending. The suit tightening about her even more. She gasps, but does not stop.
Running her hands along her thighs, downward over her knees and then back up and
over her rear, pressing lightly there as well. Whining as she draws her hands
over her hips and then back over her pelvis, than letting them fall to her
sides. He helps guide her hands back to the bar. She grips the bar again,
awaiting further instruction or surprise.

 He pulls out of the box a pair of black latex hip high ballet boots with
10-inch heels. He lifts her left leg up and helps guide it strait into the
torturous boots and knows that her toes would be forced into the tiny points at
the end for the tip of the boot is as pointed as the heels. When she fully
stands on them, she will be standing directly on her toes on a small point.

 She allows him to do so, whimpering at the angle at which her foot and ankle
are forced to bend. Her calf tensing painfully. She groans, feeling already
sharpness of the pointed toe. He helps guide her right foot into the other boot.
He laces both boots up tightly all the way to where her legs end and her hips
begin. He locks them firmly shut with small padlocks knowing that the boots are
extremely stiff as well.

 Phaon balances painfully upon the heels, grimacing at the pointed toes,
clenching her jaw and gripping the bar. Her breath shallow and pained, but she
does not complain, only sighs a soft sigh and awaits further attire or purpose.

 Dark pulls out a red heavily boned, cup-less, latex corset from the box. He
purposely made most of the items 2 sizes smaller than what she really is. He
wraps the corset around her waist. He slowly begins to tighten the laces up and
slimming her waist down very much. He continues to pull tightly on the laces
till the corset ends meet each other. He ties the laces together and notices
that her waist is now a size 13.

 She gasps and whines as the garment is tightened, making it more difficult to
breath than it was before, growling lowly in frustration. Dark notices as well
that the corset is also pushing her breasts up and out more, showing themselves
off to the world. He rubs her nipples some with his fingers noting that her
nipples are even more sensitive than before. He bites her left nipple through
the latex.

 She bites her lip, whimpering softly, muttering something in the softness,
sweetest of voice. The question following being, "Are you almost done?"

 Dark replies, "Almost done m'sweet." He pulls out his remote and turns both of
her intruders in her lower entries on low to help distract her from the tight
bondage of her waist. She cries out, not having anticipated it, and jolts in
surprise a moment, moaning after finding them a pleasant distraction in
comparison. He pulls out 4 more items from the box before he helps her sit down
onto the box. He pulls up a long needle like object and pierces her left nipple
with it.

 She is helped onto the box, her brow furrowed, her breath short, and her skin
hot beneath the suit where her skin is exposed. She yelps as her nipple is
pierced. Dark pulls a large gold ring through her nipple and closes it tightly
into place. He pierces her right nipple next in the same fashion and places and
locks another large gold ring into it.

 She whimpers again, biting her lip. Tears welling in her eyes beneath the hood,
she blinks them away. Dark than attaches a small chain to both rings. He walks
behind her and pulls her arms behind her back as he begins to slide them into a
small leather single-glove that is also red. He laces up her arms tightly
together till her elbows touch each other and the pulling on her shoulders
thrusts her breasts out even more. He wraps the straps around her shoulders
before he locks it together with another small padlock.

 He asks her with a wicked grin on his face, "How do you feel m'love?"

 She whines a little, finding the position arousingly uncomfortable. He turns
the vibrators up a little more and gives her right nipple ring a gentle pull.
Phaon arches an unseen brow and thinks a moment before replying, "I
feel...uh.....," gasps and moans loudly, lowering her head some and then arching
her neck in pained pleasure, "I feel torturously defenseless..," gasps but can't
help smiling in response, "and I like it."

 "I am glad that you like it for I love you in it. I love you in it as much as I
love you." he tells her.

 She arches a brow and replies, "Oh, do you? And what, do tell, do you plot to
do to me now?"

 "I have a collar here. Do you want it to be locked around your neck?" he asks
her as he picks up a red 4-inch posture collar that is made up thick and stiff
latex.

 She smirks some as she replies, "I am particularly partial to collars."

 He places the collar around her neck noticing that it is making her neck
stretch and held firmly in place. He locks it securely on with another padlock.
She sits stiffly and awkwardly, but finds her disadvantage particularly
interesting, as she cannot see all that he has been doing to her. She smirks,
her brow arched in curiosity and wonder though it goes unseen. She calmly asks,
"Is that all, love?"

 He simply replies, "Not yet love." He brings out a large padded blow up penis
gag that is about 3 inches long un-pumped. He asks her, "You ready for your next
surprise m'love?"

 Phaon smiles, nodding slowly as she answers, "I believe that I am."

 He places the tip of the gag to her lips knowing that the gag feels like a real
penis for that is what the box said. She parts her lips slowly, running her
tongue over it teasingly. He slowly pushes it into her mouth fully and pulls the
straps tightly behind her head and locks them together. He brings out the gag's
pump and attaches it to the pad's access hole for the gag. Dark slowly begins to
pump up the penis gag as his other hand begins to turn up her vibrations.

 Phaon squirms and squeaks, unable to do much more having been gagged and such.
He pumps the gag till he sees her cheeks fully distended signing that she is
fully gagged and won't be able to make a sound louder than a soft moan.

 He attaches the ring that he braided into her lips to the base of the
single-glove pulling her head tightly back as much as the collar would allow.
She tenses, her body already rather difficult to manage in this state, and can
manage nothing in response to the pain and pleasure she experiences. She feels
her head pulled back and does not resist it, finding it easier to breath that
way.

 He pulls up a chain to attached to the box and floor and attaches it to the end
of her glove. He wraps latex straps above and below her knees and locks them
together tightly. Phaon feels something new attached to her, but can't be sure
what it is, and feels her knees bound, though she's not certain why. The
closeness of her thighs making her internal reactions intensify. Dark turns the
vibrators on full power now. He finishes wrapping his lovely latex doll that he
loves so much. He attaches her legs to the box and floor, now she can't move no
matter what. He knows that all she can do is feel constant pleasure and torture.

 He than says, "There you go m'love. You will remain like this till I do more to
you tonight." He kisses his latex dolly love before he turns off the light
leaving her to her own pleasures.

The end for now till night 2




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DarkShadow Eternal


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





