BDSM Library - Thunder, Ben and Eddy




Thunder, Ben and Eddy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Office bitch rebuffes Junior V.P. Eddy. Eddy elists the aid of his brother to transform office bitch to bitch pet.
Thunder, Ben and Eddy
by B.Z.

Beverly Thunder was the office ice maiden, a real ball buster. Bev was a petite
5'4", 103 lbs. with 32D,22,32 vital statistics, she had auburn hair worn in a
sort of Prince Valiant style; and her looks would have made her an excellent
choice to be a Playboy Bunny or a Victoria's Secret model. Beverly Thunder was
very aware of her looks, and tried her best to exploited them. Unfortunately,
for most of the male babe watchers in the office, her daily attire was more
reminiscent of "Our Miss Brooks".  A privileged few in the upper echelons of the
company knew that Bev's spinster teacher look was more illusion than reality,
because Beverly Thunder knew who could help her and who could not.

Eddy Simpson was a Junior V.P., an up and comer in the firm but not a member of
that upper echelon Beverly meant to exploit,  not just yet anyway. He could see
Bev's potential in spite of the Miss Brooks attire, he had made several
overtures, but he had gotten no where with her; and as it became obvious he
would get nowhere with her, he decided it was time for brother Ben to become
involved.

Ben Simpson was a veterinarian with his own clinic.  When ever Eddy or Ben had a
problem with a woman the brothers got together to solve that problem. Their
solutions did not usually require the cooperation of the female in question.

The brothers met for drinks at the local pub and discussed Eddy's problem with
Beverly and what they could do about it, over a couple pints of Guinness. Eddy
noting that he was not about to get any where with her on a personal level
thought she might make an excellent new project for his brother and himself.
After seeing a polaroid of Bev and listening to his brothers description of her
Ben agreed that she would make an excellent project. The brothers then set in
motion the actions that would soon transform Bev's "Our Miss Brooks" image into
that of a  faithful "Phi Daux."

Eddy started by tracking Beverly, he made note of her every move, and researched
as much as he could her personal history. Soon a pattern had developed in
Beverly's routine and Eddy was able to predict with about 90% certainty where
Beverly would be and when. This lead him to the discovery that she made a
regular visit to an A.T.M. a block away from the office on her way to catch the
train home. This particular A.T.M. had it's advantages for Beverly, it was close
to the office and there was seldom a line. In fact this is just what made it the
perfect site for Bev's abduction, the machine was close by but it was also out
of the main flow of traffic. Eddy noted that Bev was usually all alone as she
used the machine.

Ben and Eddy set up their watch on the A.T.M., Bev's first visit to the machine
during their watch at first looked promising, then a man in a business suite
queued up behind her, Ben and Eddy would have to wait. A few more false starts
followed until the perfect situation finally presented itself.

Beverly'd had to work late one night, Eddy found an excuse to work late as well,
he phoned Ben on his cell phone to set up the site. As Beverly left the office
Ben sat in his van in place at the A.T.M. and Eddy was right on her heels. Sure
enough Bev made the routine visit to the machine on her way to the train. As
luck would have it the brothers found Bev alone at the A.T.M.  Ben exited the
van and withdrew what appeared to be a handgun from inside his jacket, it was in
fact a tranquilizer gun that Ben used occasionally to subdue animals. He took
careful aim and then sent the projectile hurtling towards Beverly. With deadly
accuracy the tranquilizer dart struck Bev squarely in her Gluteus Maximus.

Bev felt the sting, then simultaneously reached behind her and turned to see the
source of the sting. She saw no one but found the dart protruding from her
behind. She removed the offending object from her rear end, when she realized
what it was she began to panic.

Her first instinct was to get help, she frantically looked around but found no
one. She then started to run. Unfortunately for Bev, the adrenaline rush and her
racing heart only helped the tranquilizer do it's job. After running a few yards
her head began to spin, her legs became wobbly and she collapsed in a heap on
the sidewalk.

The brothers were ready and waiting, as soon as they saw Beverly go down, they
moved in. Eddy got there first and began to secure her arms and legs. In a short
time he had her bound, gagged and ready for transport. No sooner had Eddy
finished his handy work then Ben drove up in the van. The van and its' license
plate were painted black to avoid detection. Ben and Eddy lifted the motionless
Beverly into the van and proceeded to an abandoned warehouse down on the river
front. The van's black paint job was washed away; then the brothers proceeded to
Ben's clinic. The tranquilizer Ben used would put Bev out for a couple of hours,
more than enough time for the brothers to prepare Beverly Thunder for training.




Chapter 2

As Bev slowly regained her faculties she took stock of her situation. She had no
idea where she was. She knew she had a splitting headache, that her vision still
seemed fuzzy and that her mouth was as dry as the Sierra. As the cobwebs began
to clear she remembered being at the A.T.M. then feeling something sting her
butt, she remembered running then nothing. She could see that her clothing now
rested on a table a few feet from her, and that she was definitely in some kind
of a cage.

The cage did not offer Beverly too much room, she found that she could maneuver
into a sitting position, that she could raise herself to an all fours position
or she could remain in the fetal position laying on her side that she had
awakened in.  She decided on the sitting position for now, it seem to be the
most comfortable. She also decided that the all fours position would probably be
best to give her the leverage she'd need to launch the attach she had in mind
for her abductor.

Beverly Thunder was not a woman  to take things laying down.  Bev took stock of
her situation and assayed the cage, she noticed that it's door was one entire
side of the cage. She also noticed that it was securely padlocked. She thought
that from the all fours position she had a good chance of lunging at her
abductor when he or she opened the door. Bev was not just good looking, she was
in great shape. She worked out every day during lunch break, and she had a black
belt in Karate. So it was not unreasonable for her to feel that she had a
fighting chance to overpower her foe if given the chance.

The brothers were in no hurry now that they had Beverly securely caged. They
decided to allow Beverly time to adjust to her new home. They sat back poured
themselves a beer and watched Bev slowly recover from the effects of the drug on
the closed circuit TV.

They watched as she struggled to move about in the cage. They watched as she
assayed the cage door and checked out the stoutness of the lock. They were
amused when Beverly tried to rock the cage only to find that it was firmly
bolted in place.

Eddy had researched his subject quite thoroughly, he knew she was in excellent
shape and he knew of her black belt in Karate. As the brothers watched Bev
moving about the cage testing for leverage points Eddy could guess what she had
in mind. But he and Ben had prepared diligently for any contingency.

Hours passed and Beverly saw no signs of her abductor(s); but, unknown to her,
she was never out of sight of at least one of the brothers as they watched her
on the TV. Bev, left with no other option, fell asleep some time after midnight.
She awoke in the morning thinking and hoping that it had all been a bad dream.
It did not take long to realize the steel bars of the cage were real and that
she was the prisoner of some crazed person, but she still had her plan of attack
to give herself hope.

Then a door opened and she saw someone advancing towards her, she readied
herself to launch her attack should the opportunity arise. As Eddy approached
the cage Bev was taken aback, she knew him. It was Ed Simpson from the office.
He was the good looking guy from the office who had been hounding her for a
date, she thought that he was cute but she knew he could not help her up the
corporate ladder.  So despite her attraction for him she rebuffed him at every
turn.

When she recognized Eddy her first thought was that he was there to rescue her.
The thought was fleeing, as she remembered how she had rebuked his advances, she
doubted his appearance represented  a rescue. With this realization she prepared
herself to strike.

Eddy tried to engage Bev in conversation: "Good morning Beverly, did you sleep
well? How do you like your new home?"

Bev did not feel receptive to conversation and made no reply.

As Beverly crouched in the cage not taking her eyes off her intended target, she
failed to notice Ben as he entered the room through another door. In her
crouched and ready position her ass presented Ben with an excellent target.

Suddenly she felt the sting of a hypodermic needle in her rear end. Too late,
she became aware that there was another abductor. This time the drug was meant
to immobilize rather than render unconscious. As the drug took affect Bev found
that she was aware of everything going on about her. She willed her arms and
legs to move but they did not respond. She willed herself to scream, but no
sound came forth.

Bev watched as Eddy unlocked the padlock on the cage door. Then she saw Eddy
reaching into the cage. He grabbed her under the arms. She knew that she was
being removed from the cage, but she was unable to resist. Neither did she feel
the scratches on her skin left by the steel bars as she was drawn across them.
Once Bev's arms had cleared the cage door Ben was able to assist his brother in
removing her from the cage.

The brothers carried Bev over to a wheel chair and secured her for transport to
the isolation chamber. It was a short trip, just down the hall.

Beverly did not like the way things were shaping up.  She was aware that she
could do nothing at the moment, but resolved to make her best attempt to escape
if given the chance.  But, Bev was unable to offer any resistance as the two
brothers carefully sheathed her in what appeared to be a divers wet suit. This
suit had distinctive differences from your run of the mill wet suit, however, it
enclosed her hands in thumbless rubber mittens rather than gloves and completely
encompassed her head with no opening for her face,only two small opening for her
eyes (like a halloween mask). The suit also had three hose attachments; one at
the mouth, one at the rectum and one more over her vagina.

The hose that connected to her mouth would allow her to breath once inside the
chamber, a smaller tube inside this outer hose would extend down into her throat
and provide nourishment during her encasement. The hose located at her rectum
would be forced up into this narrow passage and provide and escape route for her
refuse. The last hose once attached to the catheter Ben was now inserting into
Bev, would provide an escape for her liquid waste. A small bundle of wires would
also escape the chamber via this last hose.

Before the rubber suite was sealed up, Ben attached electrodes over Bev's body
that would allow the brothers to monitor her vital signs. Two small electrodes
were attached to Bev's eyelids, these would deliver a small but sufficient shock
that would keep her eyes open and ensure that sleep was not forthcoming. With
plugs placed in her ears, and all the hoses and wires connected the rubber suit
was sealed up. Then a special set of rubber cuffs and matching collar were
attached to Bev's wrists, ankles and neck.

Now Eddy and Ben carried the rubber encased Beverly over to an opening in the
floor. Bev was carefully lowered into the opening. Inside the opening was a
tank, and the tank was filled with water. Once immersed in the water Eddy
fastened the "D" rings set in the cuffs and collar to the fixtures set in the
side of the tank.

As the cuffs and collar were being attached to the tanks walls Bev was slowly
regaining feeling and movement in her limbs (little good that it did). The
numbness Bev had felt in her limbs was being replaced by a feeling of
weightlessness, accompanying this her inability to encourage her limbs into
motion was replaced by a feeling of resistance when she attempted to move arms,
legs or head.

Finally the hoses were attached to their connections on the chamber's door then
the door was swung closed, then bolted and then locked.

Beverly Thunder found herself locked away in a water chamber that allowed in no
light or sound, the buoyancy of the rubber suit kept her afloat in the water and
the only things she could smell or taste had only the slightest hint of rubber.
She had been deprived of all of her senses, and the electrodes attached to her
eyelids would also make sure she was deprived of sleep. Beverly Thunder was in a
very tight fix indeed.




Chapter 3

Beverly was aware of everything that Ben and Eddy had done to her. She could see
the catheter as Ben positioned it over her crotch, she could feel the tube as it
was forced up  her rectum and she wanted desperately to fight against being
encased in the rubber wet suit. But, she was powerless to respond and had
rapidly reached and surpassed her mental boiling point. Had it been possible she
would have leaped out of the tank and lunged at her tormentors using her karate
skills to make them pay dearly for their insolence. She just could not believe
that all of this could be happening to her Beverly Thunder.

Since she had recognized Eddy, she focused her thoughts of retribution on him.
She remembered him from the office, she remembered being asked out by him and
she remembered how and why she had rebuffed his advances. Now Bev tried to
visualize how she would extract her vengeance upon the "miserable little twerp"
once released from her entombment, she was going to cut off his balls and stuff
them down his miserable throat.  Any thought that release may not be forthcoming
never entered her mind.

As Bev lay motionless and powerless in the water tank her muscular control
slowly returned. The sensation was at first a relief. But, she quickly realized
that the power to move her arms and legs was quite efficiently offset by the
cuffs that secured her to the sides of the tank. She had, however, resolved to
resist  whatever her tormentors had in-store for her. With this single minded
resolve Bev faced her darkness determined that she would escape her perilous
situation.

It was quite easy, at first, to focus on her hatred of Eddy and to vent her
desires for retribution. But as minutes turned into hours and the hours began to
add up, Bev found that focusing on anything was becoming more and more
difficult.

Ben and Eddy took turns monitoring Bevely's vital signs, they noticed her
agitation as she recognized the futility of her situation. They noticed every
heart beat, every rise and fall of her blood pressure. The signs were indicating
that Bev was growing tired, after about twelve hours of confinement Bev started
to drift off to sleep. But as soon as she did she felt a shock that instantly
forced open her eyes. She lay there confused. What had happened? She was about
to doze off again when another shock jolted her. Now she was not just confused,
she was scared.  As the shocks continued she realized that they centered over
her eyes.  Soon she realized that the shocks occurred as she felt the approach
of sleep.  Beverly Thunder was worried, confused and terrified, but still she
clung to her desperate plan of escape.

After twenty four hours of confinement Ben and Eddy opened the lid to the tank
to check on Bev. The ripples in the tank showed that she was still putting up a
struggle. They checked the cuffs, they were still secure. They checked the
connections to the suit, everything was connected and still working properly.

Beverly could feel the tugs that verified the secureness of her bounds, she
struggled as much as her bounds allowed. She then tried to scream as loud as she
could.  Ben and Eddy could hear the muffled and garbled uttering emanating from
their rubber encased victim, but it did not faze them.  They simply closed the
lid and went back to their monitors.

After about thirty six hours Beverly was having a very difficult time
maintaining her focus on the revenge she was intending for Eddy. She was very
tired but, every time she started to drift off to sleep she felt the shock that
jolted her back to consciousness. She was discovering that the only thing on her
mind  now was sleeping; but unfortunately for her, that was not about to happen
any time soon.

Ben and Eddy checked on Bev again after another twenty four hour period. She had
been confined for forty eight hours now. When they opened the tank the brothers
noticed a reduction in the amount of ripples in the tank, her efforts to resist
were weakening. After checking the cuffs and tube connections they closed the
lid again.

Their next check came after another twenty four hours, this time when the lid
was opened Ben and Eddy could see no ripples in the calm water. Eddy joked
"stick a fork in her she's done", however, they agreed to give her another
twelve hours in the tank.

After a total of eighty two hours in the tank without sleep Ben and Eddy removed
Beverly from the tank. They released the cuffs, disconnected the hoses and then
they lifted her out of the tank. After the brothers released her from the wet
suit Ben picked her up and carried the quaking woman to a chair. There he sat
down with her in his lap, he gently stroked her hair and whispered to her "good
girl, take it easy, that's a good girl" just as  he would to calm down a young
and frightened puppy. With one arm cradling her and pinning her arms to her
sides, he reached into his pocket and withdrew some food scraps.  He held them
up to her, she looked at them then at him. Then she slowly but eagerly began to 
lapp the scraps up from his hand, it was the first solid food she'd had since
her abduction.

As Ben stroked Bev's hair and continued to calm the frightened Beverly Thunder.
Eddy approached the pair bearing another hypodermic needle he carefully injected
the contents of the hypo into Bev's lovely butt.  As Ben continued to stroke her
hair the drug slowly took effect. The brothers knew she would have undoubtedly
slept on her own with out the drug, but they had something something special
planned for Bev, and they didn't want to chance her waking during the procedure.

Beverly slept for nearly twenty hours, she slowly awakened to find herself
laying on a cot. She immediately thought of escape, but just as quickly she
discovered that her wrists and ankles were secured to the bed. She noticed
several other things; a chain pinch training collar was now around her neck, in
addition to the cuffs about her wrists and ankles a wide leather belt
encompassed her waist.  She felt an unfamiliar coolness around her vagina, by
craning her neck she observed that her pubic hair had been shaved clean. There
was one other thing she noticed, a strange metallic taste in her mouth. She
opened her mouth, stuck out her tongue and saw the awful ring that now pierced
her tongue.  Beverly Thunder began to whimper and cry as she sank back onto the
cot.

About an hour later the brothers arrived, Ben sat on the side of the cot and
slowly stroked Bev's long auburn hair and calmly soothed her as he stroked . He
unlocked the padlocks that had held her securely to the bed. Eddy approached
with a leash in hand, he attached the leash and gave a gentle tug. Beverly felt
the the spines of the collar constrict about her neck, she grabbed at the collar
trying to release it's grip, but Eddy gave another tug this time harder.  As she
felt the collars' spines dig into the soft flesh of her neck  she quickly
stopped.  Eddy gave another tug, this time it was enough to make her understand.

Ben took her hand and pulled her up from the bed. He told her to get down on
hands and knees. She complied. Eddy then led her to the cage she had first found
herself in. Once in the cage and still on all four's the brothers went about
securing their new pet. A chain was connected to her belt through a "D" ring at
the belt's center and attached to the top of cage, preventing Beverly from
either sitting or laying down. Each ankle and wrist was locked into position at
their respective corners of the cage. Finally, the cage door was closed and the
ring in Bev's mouth was clipped  to the wire of the cage.

Ben still speaking soothingly told Beverly what was going on. He told her that
as a pet she would need to learn the proper posture. The chain attached to the
belt would keep her upright and on all fours and the ring clipped to the wire
would keep her head upright as well as keep her tongue hanging out in a proper
doggie pant.

Bev's resolve was not what it once was; but she was still unwilling to give up
hope, she was certain that if given the chance she would still escape this most
undesirable fate.




Chapter 4

The brothers knew they had made a good beginning.  Beverly was showing signs of
adapting to if not completely accepting her new situation, but she was still
confused and unsure.  They also knew that as she regained her faculties and
strength her resolve could also return.  There job was to break down that
resolve, and they were well prepared to do just that.

The first step was to make Bev aware of the physical restraints she would now be
subjected to.  She would spend the next four days confined to the cage. Her
tongue was unclipped from the cage for only two reasons:  when she was fed her
food in the cage, a bowl of water and a bowl of prepared food twice a day; and
when she was taken out of the cage to be walked around the yard so that she
could relieve herself.  The exercise period served first to instill in her the
concept that she was now their pet and second to condition her to that role's
proper posture and demeanor.

When the brothers unclipped her tongue ring from the cage for exercise they
replaced the tension provided by the cage with a five pound weight at the end of
short chain this ensured that  her tongue remained extended.  The leash was
attached to her collar and the slightest tug on the leash made her painfully
aware of the collars effectiveness as it constricted around her throat.  At no
time would Beverly be allowed to stand erect.

Ben and Eddy preferred to train their pets to maintain the four legged posture
of an animal rather than resorting to the amputation of the legs below the knee
as some other trainers they knew chose to do.  They liked the visual appeal of a
woman's full leg, but they also liked the mental anguish inflicted upon their
pet; to know the the legs were there and whole but not to be allowed the full
use of them.  They were not, however, adverse during training, to using a full
frog tie, this would find their pet's ankles tied tightly to her thighs creating
a similar effect to that of being amputated. During her stay with Ben and Eddy
Beverly would have the chance to experience every trick that the brothers knew.

Beverly, for her part, had conflicting emotions.  She did not like being
confined to the cage, she hated having her tongue clipped to the cage and she
really hated being fed and walked like a dog.  But for some reason she did not
understand she was beginning to feel an affection for Ben and the wetness and
sensual sensations she was feeling in her groin baffled her, how could this
situation possibly be getting her excited.  One thing did not change, she was
still determined to escape if possible and do permeant damage to Eddy, but even
this resolve seemed to fade with the passing days.

The brothers had one more surprises in store for Beverly. Her training had been
progressing nicely with alternate trips to the isolation tank and days of
confinement to the cage. Then after four days of confinement to the cage her day
started as usual.  Bev was fed in her cage then taken out for her walk.  But
instead of being returned to the cage she found herself being lead down the hall
to a different room.  The room was entirely white, the floor, the ceiling, the
walls and everything in the room.  The brothers again attached electrodes to her
body, some of these were to monitor her vitals but others were situated in order
to provide stimulation, one was attached expertly to her cute little clit.  They
then encased her in a white latex body suit.  The suit had one opening for her
face, and two in the crotch one for a catheter and the other for the tube that
would be inserted up her ass, she realized she was going to be here awhile.

Eddy took a ring gag from his pocket, the metal ring had been enameled white and
it had a white leather strap.  He forced the gag between Bev's teeth then
clipping a chain to the ring in her tongue he pulled her tongue through the
opening of the gag.  The chain was then pulled down and attached to her collar,
it was not pulled taught but was short enough to prevented her from pulling her
tongue in past the ring.  Now she was lead to the small  white enameled frame
that occupied the center of the room.

Beverly was positioned in the frame still down on all fours and secured in
place.  White enameled padlocks locked her in place.  A white leather strap was
fed through the "D" ring at the top of her hood and fastened to the strap that
secured her waist to the frame.  Beverly's head was pulled back and she was
forced to stare straight ahead.

Beverly was really quite a sight, attired all in white in an all white room, she
appeared to be a floating face with a wide open mouth.  Eddy now inserted tubes
up Bev's nose, which would provide aromas to her olfactory glands.  They would
also provide the nourishment she would need for the next few days. The small
electrodes were again attached to her eyelids.

Ben and Eddy were now ready to take Beverly's training to a new level.

On the wall in front of Beverly the image of a women sucking a mans cock
appeared.  Bev felt repulsed, she hated this particular male infatuation. Just
as suddenly, she felt a huge cock invading her mouth.  She heard a voice from
within the hood.  Eddy was telling her:  "Beverly you are about to be
conditioned, just like one of Pavlov's dogs.  The sight, smell and taste of a
man's cock are going to be enough to get you excited, keep you excited and bring
you to orgasm."

As the scene on the wall continued, Bev first noticed the musky aroma of a man's
groin, then from the cock in her mouth the salty taste of semen.  As her senses
were being bombarded she felt a stimulation growing in her groin. She realized
that as the taste and smell grew stronger so did the stimulation, until finally
the little electrode attached to her clit brought her to one of the most
powerful orgasm she had ever experienced.

Beverly was allowed a short time to recover then the process was repeated. Again
and again the regimen was repeated first the sight of the cock, then the musky
aroma of a man's crotch followed by the salty taste of semen. Each time the
electronic stimulation of her sex accompanied the attack upon her senses, each
time the orgasm seemed more powerful and lasted longer than the previous one. 
After the process had been repeated a half dozen times Beverly  was exhausted,
but this would not be her salvation.  As she felt herself drifting off to sleep
she again experienced the jolt she felt behind her eyes shocking her back into
consciousness she knew this experience well and that sleep was not going to be
and escape, and then the process  would begin anew.

The brothers were thorough in their discipline.  Beverly's training continued
month after month. Beverly would make many trips to the water chamber, the cage
and the white room each trip time Beverly lost the battle of wills that would
have allowed her to retain hope. Bev's captivity was now approaching a full
year, she had become well trained and obedient pet slave.

Laser surgery had left Beverly with a kind of sardonic smile, she could not
close her mouth completely and she no longer needed a weight attached to her
tongue to achieve that required doggy pant.  The same Laser surgery had also
eliminated her ability to speak. A cute little tail extending from the plug
inserted up her rectum.  The tail had a spring action that actually let her wag
it, which she did whenever she became excited, and she now became excited
whenever a male's crotch was present.

Ben and Eddy enjoyed playing with their new creation.  Bev loved to please
master Ben, and knew better than to disobey master Eddy.  But, as the
anniversary of her capture approached, the brothers knew it was time to find a
permanent home for their lovely little pet.  Ben had developed a real attachment
for Bev but both brothers knew it was time for a new challenge and to find Bev a
permanent home.  To this end they e-mailed pictures of Bev to the client base
they accumulated over the years.

The responses were many.  There was a good deal of interest in their pretty
little pet.  Ben and Eddy had a very good reputation among the people  with the
inclination and the resources to be able to afford the luxury of such a pet.

When a sufficient number of prospective buyers had replied, an auction was
arranged.  The brothers rented a warehouse for the affair.  This allowed the
merchandise to arrive and depart without attention.  They arranged for the food
to be catered but not served.  The caterer came in set up, and returned to
cleanup when the affair was over.

After all the prospective buyers had arrived the brothers displayed theirs
wares.  Eddy brought Beverly Thunder out on her leash.  Bev did not think about
escape anymore, her thoughts now focused only on pleasing her masters.

Ben spent the day grooming their prize for display. Ben bathed her, shaved her
pubis and lightly perfumed her. He then groomed her hair until it was arranged
crimped and trimmed to resemble a cocker spaniels ears.  Eddy had tattooed a
serial number inside her mouth then used the tattoo inks to permanently give her
a black nose. Her training collar was now replaced by a 2 3/8th" wide Victorian
style dog collar made of heavy tan leather and double lined with suede and
studded with semiprecious gems, Beverly would have been the show stopper had
this been a competition.

Beverly was led into a travel cage then loaded into Ben's van.  At the warehouse
Eddy attached a leash to Beverly's collar and lead her from the cage.  She was
put through her paces by her handler, Master Eddy.  Each guest was allowed to
examine her. As her face gained proximity to a guests crotch Bev became very
excited, setting her tail to wagging.  She made quite an impression upon the
guests, as she sniffed out their crotches and her tail announced to all present
just how exited the little bitch had become. Each guest was allowed to sample
the pleasure of mouth and cunt, her ass was occupied by her tail (but not
permanently).

The bidding was fast and furious, it opened at $50,000.00.  The top bid came in
at a very respectable $750,000.00.  With the bidding done it was time for the
brothers to say farewell to another successful project,  they had come to adore
Beverly but were quite pleased with the proceeds of the sale.  Eddy patted
Beverly on her rump and Ben ruffled her hair as her new owner prepared to lead
her away.  As the brothers toasted each other they spotted an attractive member
of caterer's clean up crew.  "To a new project."
   
                    THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





