BDSM Library - JoAnn's Last Anniversary




JoAnn's Last Anniversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A gentle wife and mother suffers humiliating incarceration and her family. This story will appeal those interested in a realistic portrayal of life in a typical American prison for women.
JoAnn's Last Anniversary
Ladyvet

The sensation of Ted's fingertips caressing her labia sent waves of warmth
coursing through JoAnn's entire body. She loved to be teased as much as he loved
to tease her but she was ready to make love with him now. She spread her legs
wider and thrust her hips up in invitation. Ted continued to stimulate her with
his fingers without penetrating her. The sensation was maddening. Her
frustration was almost palpable. She whispered "please make love to me, Honey."
Ted said something about a search. She wondered what on earth he was talking
about.

"Search!" Ted said in a woman's voice and shook her shoulder. Bright light on
her closed eyelids turned her dream to crimson and forced her back to
consciousness. She opened her eyes and blinked at the three uniformed strangers
in the bedroom, which was suddenly her prison cell.

"Come on, hit the deck!" the woman shaking her shoulder ordered and pulled the
sheet down to her feet. JoAnn was forced back to reality but her dream lingered
deliciously. She tried to hold onto it as she climbed from her warm bunk to
stand barefoot on the cold concrete floor. The female CO shook JoAnn's cellmate
Maria awake and yanked on her sheet. Maria cursed and tried to keep it over
herself. The CO pulled it from her grasp and ordered her to stand. Maria reached
for her sweat pants. The male CO grabbed them.

"It's hot tonight," she replied when she asked for them. All you need's a
T-shirt." Maria glared at her, stood and covered her pubis with her hands.

The female CO propelled JoAnn and Maria into the hall to stand with their hands
above their heads, palms against the wall and feet apart while the two male
search team members rummaged through their meager possessions. JoAnn thought
about the indignity of her first day in prison. She thought about the strip
search, then having to stand naked, arms raised, feet apart, while two female
COs checked every inch of her body and catalogued each tiny birth mark, mole and
scar, including those left by her C-sections.  The air chilled the damp crotch
of JoAnn's panties but it was unsatisfied desire that made her shiver. She
listened to them performing the search.

"Footlockers first. Be careful not to get stuck with a needle," the older CO
warned. "One of the inmates is a druggy." JoAnn sighed. He was talking about her
but he was wrong.

"I think I found something," the younger one exclaimed. "Are these legal?" They
walked into the hall and handed several snapshots to the sergeant. She glanced
at them and asked which locker they were from.

"Top bunk's," he replied. The sergeant held them in front of JoAnn's face and
asked if they belonged to her.

"Yes Ma'am," she replied. He's my husband." The sergeant asked the younger guard
why he thought the pictures were questionable.

"That speedo's skin tight. His erection shows right through," he replied. "I
think they're porn." JoAnn's heart sank.

"It would be a violation if the cloth was transparent," the sergeant explained.
She handed him the pictures and told him to get back to work. JoAnn sighed with
relief. They tore the bunks apart after searching the lockers. The younger CO
returned with something in his hand. The sergeant told him it was interesting
and asked where he found it.

"Lower bunk," he replied. Maria glanced back over her shoulder and swore under
her breath.

"Eyes front!" the sergeant ordered. Maria scowled at the wall. The sergeant
asked the CO if he thought it was a weapon.

 "I don't know what it is."

"Ask her," the sergeant said wearily. Breaking in newbies was her least favorite
thing.

He asked Maria "what is this, Ma'am?" The older CO tapped him on the shoulder.

"Excuse me, Officer Jacobs. Are you in charge here or is that inmate?" he
demanded sarcastically.

"I am, Sir," he replied sheepishly.

"Then act like it. Don't ever call one of them 'Ma'am' again even if she's old
enough to be your mother." He laughed and added "or she IS your mother!" He
prodded Maria's shoulder and ordered her to answer Officer Jacobs.

"It's a marker with a Kotex wrapped around it covered with masking tape inside a
rubber glove," she explained sarcastically.

"What's it for?" he asked.

"You know," she replied.

"No, I don't. Tell me."

Maria took a deep breath and snarled through clenched teeth "I fuck myself with
it, all right?" Jacobs reddened with embarrassment and held the home made dildo
away from his body. The older CO laughed and told Maria she must have a pretty
big cunt for such a little bitch. Jacobs stared at the dildo and asked the
sergeant what he should do with it.

"Tag it and bag it," she replied. "Have the lab check it for drugs. Write her up
for the rubber glove; it's contraband." She warned Maria she'd get thirty days
in the hole if they caught her with anything like it again.

"What do you expect me to do?" Maria demanded. "Go another fourteen years
without cumming?"

"I don't care if you never cum again. I expect you obey the rules," the sergeant
answered wearily. She told Jacobs to pat them down. His already red face turned
crimson while he patted the front of Maria's T-shirt. He stopped at her waist
since she had nothing on below it. JoAnn held herself rigid while his hands
roamed over her breasts and down her body to her crotch. She couldn't help
moving her hips when he prodded her there.

"Christ, look at that!" the older CO exclaimed. "Jacobs has a hard on!" He
laughed and said he hoped it was for the redhead. JoAnn's blushed with
embarrassment and helpless anger.

"We have one more problem, Jacobs," the sergeant said and patted JoAnn's
shoulder. "She was masturbating when I pulled the sheet down. That's sexual
misconduct. You decide whether to give her a ticket." Jacobs shrugged his
shoulders. JoAnn had been wearing panties. That made it hard to decide.

JoAnn said "excuse me, Officer Jacobs, may I speak?" He gave her permission. She
looked over her shoulder so she could make eye contact with him. She hoped that
would make it harder for him decide to punish her.

"I was dreaming. I wasn't aware I was doing it. My husband's coming today. I
haven't seen him in a month. Please give me a break."

He looked at her pretty, worried face, thought it over and replied "OK, you're
off the hook this time." The older CO shook his head told him he was a pussy.

"You're gonna have problems with them if they think you're easy, Jacobs" he
warned. The sergeant ordered the women back into their cell. The search team
moved on.

"Lousy sons of bitches!" Maria exclaimed. "They aren't happy unless they're
making us miserable!"

JoAnn crawled into the top bunk and covered herself with her sheet despite the
warmth. She closed her eyes and concentrated on her dream. Her fingers had felt
exactly like Ted's. She was still strongly aroused by it and being touched by
Jacobs hadn't helped matters. She could hardly believe how real her dream had
been. She pulled her T-shirt up under her arms and slipped her panties down and
off one leg. She'd need to put them on fast if the search team returned without
warning, as they sometimes did.

She rubbed her palms over her hard nipples and longed for the feeling of her
husband's mouth on them. Nothing felt better than having him gently suckle her.
She rolled onto her right side and faced the wall. She held her body still while
she massaged the hot, moist flesh over her clit with her fingertips. JoAnn was
still embarrassed about masturbating with someone else in the room. She waited
for Maria to begin before she got serious so her cellmate wouldn't notice she
was doing it, too. The bed began to move. JoAnn cocked her right leg, reached
behind her and slipped her middle finger inside her tight anus. She massaged her
G-spot and urethra with her other hand, gradually increasing the tempo of her
strokes. Her clit was soon fully erect. She imagined that her finger was the tip
of Ted's tongue sliding over and around it. She slipped her index finger in with
her middle finger and stroked faster, the way Ted made love to her when he was
close to his climax Her excitement built rapidly. A door clanged open at the end
of the cellblock. Footsteps sounded in the corridor. JoAnn rubbed harder. The
bed began to shake rhythmically from Maria's exertions. A series of stiffled
moans from the lower bunk announced Maria's orgasm. JoAnn's followed quickly,
leaving her sweaty and limp but only partially satisfied. She lay on her back
for a long time thinking about Ted's upcoming visit. They'd be together in less
than sixteen hours.

JoAnn waited for her pre-visit strip search with her toes on the yellow line. No
one seemed to know why it was necessary. There was nothing in the prison worth
smuggling out but rules were rules. Most made no sense to those forced to obey
them to the interpretation of whichever CO was in control of them at the moment.
Officer Wilson ignored her while she bantered with a male CO in the glass-walled
access control office. JoAnn watched the second hand on the big clock above the
door circle the face while they talked about a world now closed to her except in
dreams and memories.

She thought about her mockery of a trial. The freshly minted public defender had
expressed optimism right up to the moment she was pronounced guilty. He managed
to get her released on her own recognizance, as he had after her arrest. That
was fortunate because they had no money for bail. Both of their salaries barely
covered basic expenses. She and Ted took comfort in the P. D's. assessment of
the situation. True, she had been convicted but she successfully completed nine
months of treatment and counseling between her arrest and trial. Her record was
spotless except for this conviction. She had a good job. Child protective
services had determined that she was a good mother. A year's probation with some
community service should satisfy The People. She and Ted went on with their
lives as normally as they could during the one-month interval between judgement
and sentencing. They worked, took care of their kids, visited with friends and
family and made love. Unfortunately, the newly enacted drug law's mandatory
minimum sentencing guidelines gave the judge no latitude. He was almost
apologetic when he sentenced her to ten years in the penitentiary. She was
mercifully numb when the bailiff pulled her out of Ted's arms, cuffed her hands
behind her back and roughly guided her away from everything she knew and loved.

"My husband's taking me to that new Italian restaurant on Grant Saturday night
for our anniversary, Kowalski," Wilson announced with a broad smile. JoAnn felt
a twinge. Today was her fifth and her first away from Ted.

"I took my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago. Food's great but it's real
expensive. She felt so guilty over the bill she sucked me off on the way home."
JoAnn cleared her throat to remind Wilson that she was waiting. The CO gestured
laconically to silence her.

"Sucked you off while you was driving?" Wilson asked incredulously. "Sounds like
wishful thinking to me."

"Swallowed it too!" Kowalski added, licking his lips for emphasis. Wilson
chortled.

"My old man acts like he died and went to heaven when I do that!" They both
laughed heartily. JoAnn fidgeted and wondered how long Ted had been waiting on
the other side of the door. She knew how he hated to wait for anything. She was
impatient by nature, too but she'd grown used to waiting during her five months
behind bars. She spent most of her time waiting for things; meals, showers,
commissary, counts, mail call, phone time, too-short visits with her husband and
kids and the day in the distant future when the gates would swing open for her.
She was eligible for six one-hour visits each month but Ted was seldom able to
make the four-hundred mile drive more than once. He'd always brought the kids
before but he'd written that he'd come alone this time.

Wilson finally turned to JoAnn and ordered her to enter the small alcove and
strip. It was open to the hallway; too shallow to provide privacy from the
access control office. Its only purpose was to keep the hallway clear. JoAnn
hated strip searches even more than pat searches. Many COs fondled inmates
during pat searches, sometimes inflicting the indignity several times per day.
The rule prohibiting male COs from patting down inmates was largely ignored.
Wilson was one of the worst offenders when it came to fondling. JoAnn took off
her shoes, sox, shirt and pants. Removing her bra and panties took an effort of
the will. Being naked in front of anyone but her husband had always made her
uncomfortable. Exposing herself to Wilson, Kowalski and every other prison
employee or inmate who happened to walk by was intolerable.

She took them off and stared at the ceiling, reliving the fear and indignity
she'd felt during intake processing. She'd been forced to stand naked for what
seemed like an eternity in front of two women who cataloged and recorded her
every distinguishing mark. One described each mole and scar while the other
filled out a form. They were particularly interested in the port wine stain
birthmark on her pubis.

JoAnn got her first real taste of prison life when the woman bent closer and
touched her pubic hair to see her birthmark better. She tried to push her
fingers away. The woman slapped her hand, told her she was resisting and asked
the other woman to cuff her. JoAnn apologized and promised not to do anything
else. They ignored her. She underwent the rest of the examination with hands
cuffed behind her back. It was even worse when a male CO walked in and openly
gawked at her. The woman with the clipboard noticed JoAnn's embarrassment and
advised her to get used to being naked and having people touch her. She hadn't
yet.

Wilson finally tired of her conversation with Kowalski and started the hated
ritual by ordering JoAnn to lift her breasts. She took her nipples between
thumbs and forefingers, moved her elbows out to the sides and raised her breasts
so Wilson could see under them.

"Big nipples on little saggers," Wilson exclaimed. "Ain't that something!" JoAnn
glanced at Kowalski from the corner of her eye. He was watching with a broad
smile. Wilson checked the front of JoAnn's body perfunctorily. JoAnn tried to
ignore her and thought about Ted's being just a few yards away on the other side
of the wall.

"Turn around and assume the position," Wilson ordered. JoAnn bent at her waist,
shook out her hair, ran her fingers through it then she spread her ass cheeks
and held them apart while Wilson donned latex gloves.

"Hands on your ankles," Wilson ordered. JoAnn bent farther, grasped her ankles
and braced herself. Wilson slipped a gloved finger into JoAnn's vagina. Some COs
let it go at that. Others didn't. Wilson was among the worst.

"Been a while since you had a cock in here, hasn't it?" she demanded with a
side-glance at Kowalski.

"Yes, Ma'am," JoAnn replied softly. She learned early on that ignoring Wilson's
comments only made things worse. Wilson slipped two more fingers inside JoAnn
and rubbed her G-spot until JoAnn began to tremble. Satisfied that she had
excited her victim with no way for JoAnn to relieve her excitement, Wilson
withdrew her fingers and thrust one hard into JoAnn's anus.

"Bet you'd rather have it up here, though, right?" she exclaimed.

JoAnn replied "Yes, Ma'am" again. The only way to handle Wilson was to go along
with her.

Wilson pulled her finger out and ordered JoAnn to dress. She inspected her
clothing, ordered her to fasten her top button and exclaimed "wouldn't want that
horny hubby of yours to get a peek at your tits, would we?"

JoAnn spotted Ted as soon as she got in line. He'd arrived early and gotten a
table in a far corner. He waved across the crowded, noisy room when their eyes
met. The rule against "unauthorized communication" required her to keep her arms
at her sides and refrain from speaking to him or other inmates in line with her.
The visit didn't officially begin until her slip was stamped. They smiled at
each other across the room until she reached the head of the line.

The sergeant checked her slip to make sure she hadn't already used up her visits
for the month and time-stamped it. JoAnn seethed inside when he summoned a CO
over the P. A. to escort "398012." Names, honorifics and dignity were reserved
for prison authorities and Free Worlders. She wanted to shout that she was JoAnn
Melinda Richardson; wife, mother, financial analyst and holder of a
baccalaureate degree from NYU but none of that was relevant any more. Her brief,
intense addiction to cocaine had caused of that to be stripped all of it away.
She was now state property; just another number among thousands.

"Which one is it?" the guard demanded. JoAnn pointed to Ted.

"Who's he? Your pimp?" she asked as they walked toward him.

JoAnn bit her lower lip and replied "he's my husband, Ma'am." The CO shook her
head and asked rhetorically how nice looking guys wound up married slut inmates.

The visiting room was jammed, which made it hard for the COs to monitor
everything that was happening. JoAnn made the most of the single kiss and hug
they were allowed. She opened her mouth as soon as their lips touched, inviting
his tongue to mingle with hers. She trembled with excitement at the sensation of
his hands roaming over her back and sides. She gasped into his mouth when his
palms grazed the outer curves of her breasts through her stiff, prison issue
bra. She sucked his tongue and spread her legs just enough to get one of his
thighs against her mons.

She reluctantly ended their kiss to look around for COs, who were thankfully
busy at the other end of the room. Ted's hardness pressed maddeningly against
her. Practice had made them adept at exploiting each momentary opportunity to be
together. He slipped his right hand between them and cupped one of her small,
soft breasts. She panted and moved subtly against him, reveling in his delicious
scent and the sensation of his body against hers. She gently pushed him away
when one of the COs glanced in their direction. The visit would be terminated
immediately if their innocent, forbidden pleasure were discovered.

They separated and sat on opposite sides of the table. JoAnn thought about
something her cellmate had told her. Maria and her husband had been allowed to
have conjugal visits while she was in prison in California. JoAnn had asked what
they were like.

"I got to eat real food, sleep late and fuck my brains out for three straight
days and nights every three months," Maria had answered wistfully. "They were
like heaven!" JoAnn would have willingly given ten years of her life to be able
to have those visits.

Ted sat with his back to the window so JoAnn could face it. Unlike the walls
enclosing the exercise yard, only a single, high fence separated the front of
the prison from the Free World. JoAnn liked to watch the cars speed by on the
road in front of it. It helped her remember what freedom had been like.

Ted wished her a happy anniversary and asked if she'd received his card.

"No, she replied. "When did you send it?"

"A week ago."

JoAnn sighed and shook her head. The mailroom got slower all the time.

Ted pursed his lips. "I wish I could give you a gift..."

JoAnn did her best to smile. "Yes, I know, Honey. Being with you right now is
all I need." She held his hands tightly and toyed with his wedding ring, wishing
she still had hers. It had been confiscated and sent home when she received a
month in administrative segregation for failing a urinalysis. The lab was
sloppy. False positives weren't unusual. They didn't care when she swore she
hadn't used drugs since her arrest. Jewelry was forbidden in ad. seg., where
inmates were only allowed to wear T-shits, panties and shower clogs. There was
no provision for returning confiscated jewelry once an inmate returned to
population.

Ted stared at the front of her blouse while they talked. Her small, dark-nippled
breasts had always fascinated him. He'd never tired of looking at them, playing
with them and suckling them. He'd convinced her not to breast feed for fear it
might make them sag more than they did. He'd gotten off on helping her bind them
to stop her milk. He'd delighted in buying her dozens of lacy, silky uplift bras
to model for him. Her already-hard Hershey's kiss nipples stiffened even more
under his gaze. The tips pressed maddeningly against her shapeless
cardboard-like cups. She glanced around the room to make sure no guards were
watching before surreptitiously opening the top two buttons of her blouse. She
hunched her shoulders, pressed her arms against the outer curves of her breasts
and leaned forward. Ted sat up straighter and looked into her blouse. The bra
still covered most of each nipple but he could see the sweet upper curves of her
breasts and the cleft between them.

He whispered "I'm so hard for you, Baby!" and squeezed her hand.

"Oh God, I want you, too!" she replied and returned his squeeze. "I'm soaking
wet!" The tables were so close together even quiet conversations were audible
above the din. The visitor at the next table stared openly at her. The inmate he
was visiting slapped his hand and told him to stop ogling the white bitch and
pay attention to her.

Ted usually did most of the talking. Very little happened in her closed world of
steel and stone. She kept most of what did to herself to spare him. She stroked
his palms and admired his clean-cut good looks while he discussed what was
happening at his job and what their friends were doing. JoAnn tried to put faces
with the names of people with whom she once shopped and attended movies and
school functions. They were increasingly hard to summon up in the impersonally
hostile warehouse of human suffering.

"You remember Carla Hoffman?" JoAnn nodded. Carla and she had been close in
college. Their two families spent a lot of time together after they both
married. She had written JoAnn several times and even visited once during her
first few months of incarceration. It had been awkward and uncomfortable for
both of them. They suddenly seemed to have nothing in common. Carla became too
busy with her own life to bother with JoAnn after that. They all go on with
their lives, JoAnn thought sadly.

"She's pregnant; due around Christmas. She and Walter are ecstatic." JoAnn and
Ted had been trying to have another baby before her arrest. It wouldn't happen
now. She'd be forty-one when she was released.

"How are Mary Ann and Teddy?" JoAnn asked. Ted told her about Mary Ann's
kindergarten project and Teddy's progress in toilet training.

He looked down at their joined hands. "Karen started watching them full time
last week." JoAnn stiffened at the sound of her sister's name. Karen had always
been envious of her older sister. Her jealousy of Ted had been a constant source
of friction from the day JoAnn started dating him. Karen had gotten drunk at the
wedding reception and made a scene by hanging all over him. JoAnn sat
motionless, waiting for him to continue. Ted shifted uneasily.

"I can't afford to pay sitters with the long hours I'm working," he explained
defensively. "She'll watch them for nothing. She moved into the room we were
going to use for a nursery." The pit of JoAnn's stomach seemed to drop away.

"I didn't know what else to do," he continued. "Money's so damned tight." She
knew that was true. Gas for visits and the hundred dollars he sent to her
commissary account every month were budget busters. Weekly fifteen-minute phone
calls costing ten dollars each, courtesy of a sweetheart deal between the
Corrections Department and MCI didn't help, either. She sat silently until he
raised his head. She wanted to see his eyes when he answered.

"Are you sleeping with her?" Ted shook his head but something in his posture
made her doubt his denial. JoAnn choked back a scream and fought to maintain her
composure. Displays of emotion were prohibited. She'd be disciplined for
uttering even one loud word or shedding a single tear.

"Do you love her?" she asked in a hoarse whisper.

"No," Ted replied. JoAnn exhaled and slumped in the hard plastic chair. She
consoled herself with the thought that he might be telling the truth about that.
Karen had always been a little tramp. He might just be using her. JoAnn's damp
panties clung to her when she shifted in her seat. She could hardly believe it
but she was still wet and throbbing for him despite her freshly shredded heart.
She wondered if their love could survive ten years of her confinement and his
freedom.

The Sargent pointed to the woman at the next table and jerked his thumb at the
door. She rose slowly and defiantly, snarled "honky bitch!" and hit the back of
JoAnn's head with her elbow as she passed. JoAnn shook her head emphatically
when Ted started rise. A confrontation might get him barred from visiting.

They held hands and listened to bits of conversation from the other until the
sergeant pointed at her. The visit was over. JoAnn buttoned her blouse while the
CO wes looking elsewhere and rose. Ted joined her. She stood on tiptoes and
whispered "I love you so much!" in his ear while they embraced. She kissed and
hugged him hard, trying to imprint the feeling of her lips and breasts on him
until the watch officer pointed at her and growled "Time! Move it!" over the P.
A. She reluctantly left her husband to stand behind the sullen black inmate from
the next table.

She stepped on JoAnn's foot and whispered "I'm gonna be out there fucking that
pretty man of yours while you're still in here with your hand in it, bitch!"
JoAnn ignored her.

Ted watched his wife from the back of the room until she reached the desk. She
mouthed "I love you" several times. He gave her a final wave that she could not
return and disappeared through the doorway. Her heart sank. Her only tangible
link to the Free World was gone. The sergeant initialed her slip and jerked his
thumb at the door to her world of sorrow and loneliness. A red light
illuminated. The door swung open in silent invitation. She thought about the
mythical sign at the gates of Hades warning "abandon hope, all ye who enter
here" as she followed her newest tormenter back into hell.

Wilson ordered the black inmate into the alcove. JoAnn waited her turn, standing
inside a yellow painted square across the hallway while another CO searched the
defiant woman. The inmate pulled off her shirt and pants, threw them on the
floor and glowered at JoAnn.

"Come on, God damn it, you know the drill!" the CO barked. "Get naked!" She
unhooked her bra. Her heavy, pendulant breasts tumbled nearly to her waist. She
held them out toward JoAnn, called her a scrawny white bitch and told her to
take a good look at a real woman. The guard ordered her to shut up and finish
stripping.

"I'm ministrating," she snarled.

"Just do it!" the guard ordered and touched her baton. She pulled off her worn,
stained panties, spread her legs and thrust her pelvis forward.

"What you think I got up there, bitch?" she demanded. "Your husband?"

"Take it off," the guard ordered and cursed under her breath. She removed the
sodden sanitary napkin, held it up to the guard then flipped it into the hall.
It bounced off JoAnn's chest and landed at her feet.

JoAnn looked at the stain on her shirt in revulsion and shouted "you disgusting
animal!"

Wilson pushed JoAnn against the wall and told her "you can strip here, Miss
Mouth." The shift commander walked up with two COs and asked Wilson if there
were a problem.

"No, everything's fine," she replied. "Just busy as hell. Visiting day at the
zoo's always a pain in the ass." JoAnn waited a few moments for the men to
leave. They showed no inclination to do so. She faced the wall, removed her
blouse and pants and handed them to Wilson. She turned them inside out, shook
them out and said "the rest."

JoAnn removed her bra and handed it to Wilson. JoAnn had been raised in a strict
Catholic home where modesty was a way of life. It was a hard thing to let go.
She slipped off her panties and gave them to Wilson, who dropped them onto the
rest of JoAnn's clothing and ordered her to face the hallway. The men gaped at
her. She covered herself with her hands. Wilson winked at one of the COs and
ordered JoAnn to put her hands at her sides. She lowered them and averted her
face.

One of the men commented "USDA Prime pussy!"

"Bet it's nice and tight, too," the other one said and made a small circle with
his thumb and index finger.

"Looks freshly fucked to me," the first one countered. "She ain't been here all
that long."

"Long enough so she's probably ready for some! Look at those nipples standing at
attention!" All of them laughed. The shift commander noticed the blood soaked
Kotex on the floor and asked Wilson what the hell it was doing there. She
gestured toward the alcove.

"She threw it out here. She's in a pissy mood. Definitely her time of the
month!" He walked into the alcove, stood in front of woman and ordered her to
stand straight with her eyes front.

"You got a problem today?" he demanded.

"No, the fuckin' system got a problem today!" she snarled, then added "Captain"
condescendingly.

"Parole board gave you a set-off this morning, didn't they?" he asked.

"Mothefuckers give me four more years!" she replied bitterly. Four motherfuckin'
more years in this shit hole before they gonna give me another shot."

"How many kids you have?"

"I got six," she replied.

"The board gave us poor taxpayers a break keeping you off the street. You won't
be adding any more bastards to the welfare roll while you're in here, will you?"
he asked laconically.

"I married their father, motherfucker!" she yelled. "It's cocksuckers like you
keep us from being a family. I be taking care of them if it weren't for you
bastards! "

He shrugged. "You'd be taking care of a cock as big as my arm and loving every
minute of it."

He called Wilson over and instructed "write this bitch a D. R. for
insubordination and another one for refusing to obey an order."

He turned back to the woman, who clenched her fists in rage but held her tongue.
"Your piss poor attitude just cost you two month's privileges including visits.
You getting the idea yet?" 

She nodded.

"Now get on with it." She grasped her nipples and lifted her breasts.

The shift commander asked "how big are those goddamned things?"

"Forty double-D" she replied sullenly. Wilson looked under her breasts for
contraband.

"Show us your ass hole." She turned her back, bent over and spread her buttocks.

"Now give us a nice cunt show." She spread herself with her fingers. Several
drops of blood fell to the floor between her feet.

"You miss having a donkey dick up that thing?" he asked. She mumbled something
unintelligible.

"I think that was a 'yes' Roy," he told one of the men standing near JoAnn.
"Kick that rag over here." It landed against the woman's foot.

"Put it back on before you ruin my floor."

"It's filthy," she protested. It'll give me an infection."

"You're working on month three," he warned and asked Wilson if she had more
blank D. Rs." Wilson held up her book at tapped it with her pen. The woman
squatted, picked up the sodden napkin and glared at him while she put it on.

"Now get dressed," he ordered. "Roy, Jason, take her back to housing." The COs
took a long last look at JoAnn while the black inmate dressed. The shift
commander's pager buzzed just as JoAnn entered the alcove. He checked the
number, pursed his lips and left.

As much as JoAnn hated pre-visit searches, she loathed the strip search
inflicted after each visit even more. They were one of the many degrading things
she never told Ted about. He knew prison was bad. She never let him know how
bad. Wilson followed her in. Kowalski took his break standing just outside the
alcove. Male COs were prohibited from strip searching inmates but there was no
rule against watching. They watched the women shower and use the toilets and
sneaked around at night to try to catch them masturbating or having sex. There
was no privacy inside the walls. Wilson ordered JoAnn through the steps of the
search.

"Pull your saggers up nice and high and get your elbows out," she ordered. She
made JoAnn stand with her breasts stretched into points for more than a minute
before she ordered her to assume the position for her cavity search. JoAnn knew
this internal would be worse than the first. Wilson enjoyed playing with inmates
after visits, when they were aroused and helpless to do anything about it. She
assumed the position, bent at the waist, ass cheeks spread and waited
apprehensively for the snap announcing that Wilson had donned a latex glove.

Kowalski cleared his throat. Wilson stood aside to give him an unobstructed
view. He grabbed his crotch and exclaimed. "I got something for her! Keep her
right there like that 'till shift change."

"You're out of luck," Wilson said. "She told me she gave up sex for lent." They
laughed heartily. A CO escorting two more inmates arrived from the visiting
room. Wilson didn't bother to lubricate her glove before she slipped her finger
into JoAnn's vagina. She explored her swollen G-spot, withdrew her hand and
inserted a second finger. Wilson asked if JoAnn had a nice visit.

She answered "yes, Ma'am."

Wilson laughed and told her she could tell. JoAnn tried to blank her mind but
Wilson's insistent stimulation and the male COs' presence behind her made it
impossible. Wilson withdrew her fingers and rubbed JoAnn's clitoris and inner
labia until she began to tremble with excitement despite her revulsion. Wilson
stopped just short of giving JoAnn an orgasm.

The CO in the hall warned Wilson that prisoners were backing up in the visiting
room and asked how long she intended to take. She gave him a nasty look, ordered
JoAnn to spread her buttocks and forced a gloved finger into her anus.

"You gonna piss her?" Kowalski asked hopefully. She nodded. Making inmates
urinate in a plastic cup was a standard procedure to ensure they weren't hiding
contraband. Wilson asked him to get a sample cup from the shelf. Kowalski was
glad for the excuse to enter the alcove for a better look.

"What's your registry number?" she asked JoAnn as she probed her anus.

"398012," JoAnn replied in disgust.

"398012, Ma'am," Wilson corrected. She moved her finger in and out with each
number and word for emphasis. JoAnn repeated it. Kowalski wrote the number on
the label.

"You miss having a cock in here?" she asked and moved her finger faster. Tears
of rage and frustration squeezed out of JoAnn's tightly closed eyes. She could
do nothing to defend herself. Reporting sexual abuse invariably resulted in
punishment for the victim and increased harassment.

"I'd sure like to fuck her there!" Kowalski blurted.

"Save it for your girlfriend," Wilson advised and pulled her finger out of her
trembling victim. "Inmates are all filthy." Wilson peeled off her glove and
ordered JoAnn to stand up and face them. She handed her the cup and ordered her
to urinate. JoAnn looked at Kowalski and politely asked him to leave. He ignored
her. Half a dozen prisoners and several COs entered the hall outside the alcove.

"Don't be bashful," Wilson admonished. "All you inmates look the same pissing in
a cup." JoAnn held the cup between her thighs and tried to relax enough to
urinate. The rules gave an inmate a limited time to comply. She'd be written up
for refusing and given 30 days in the hole if she couldn't produce a sample.
Kowalski put his hand in his pocket and rubbed himself when JoAnn finally
managed to urinate. Some ran down over her right thigh to dilute the blood drops
on the floor. Kowalski grunted and swore. A wet spot spread across the front of
his pants. He walked away with his hat in front of his fly. Wilson laughed,
called him a "prevert" and ordered JoAnn to dress. Her ordeal was over.

JoAnn spent an hour after dinner answering a letter from her parents. She
suddenly needed to hear Ted's voice and tell him she loved him. She got in line
to use a phone at eight o'clock, two hours before lock-down. Each inmate was
limited to one call for each turn at a phone. Successful calls were
automatically cut off after fifteen minutes, after which she could leave or
rejoin the line for another turn. JoAnn finally got make her call a little after
9:30. She almost dropped the phone when Karen answered.

"Is this JoAnn?" No friendly greeting or "how are you?"

"Yes Karen," she replied. "I need to speak with Ted."

"He's in the shower. Call back later."

"I can't!" she shouted "don't hang up!" but Karen was gone. The dial tone rasped
in her ear. The woman behind her nudged her impatiently. JoAnn returned to her
cell. She lay in her bunk, staring at the rough concrete ceiling two feet above
her head and thought about Karen taking her place in her family. How many more
times would Ted visit her? She had a dreadful suspicion that this would be her
last anniversary.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ladyvet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





