BDSM Library - Satyrs




Satyrs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A colony of part human part bird part horse creatures living on a remote Scottish island abduct a group of women with the intention of extending their line by breeding them. The women are forcibly raped. When the authorities locate the island a siege situation develops with one of the captured women acting as chief negotiator.
Satyrs

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF Furry NC

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2002




Satyrs

by obohobo

Chapter 1. Captured

"Up, down!! Up down!! Bend those knees!! Keep those backs straight!! Up down!!
Swing those arms!!" Margot sang her instructions as she effortlessly performed
the actions. She watched with a degree of loathing, the motley group of women
that sweated in the early morning summer sun in front of her on the lawn of the
Scottish Health Farm. Their ages ranged from 19 to 56 and most were at least a
little overweight and had paid an exorbitant fee for their week long stay in the
hope they would lose a few pounds and firm up a few muscles. Most expected to be
pampered and treated like royalty but these early morning sessions in front of
the sadistic, lithe athlete had them aching with pain as unused muscles were
forced into action. Later they would be pampered by the masseurs which was some
recompense for the pain and they could forget about the fit bitch that caused
it.

Like a regimental sergeant major, Margot had them lined up in four rows of six
and ran them through the exercises at a fast pace. In a way she despised them.
They were rich. Most spent more time trying to cover defects in their bodies
with make up and makeovers rather than attacking the root cause, lack of
physical fitness. A week ot two's physical work would do them all good. She
couldn't arrange that but for these 30 minute sessions each morning she could
make them suffer and perhaps shed a few pounds which she knew would soon go back
when the week was over.

"Up down! Up down! High kick with the left! High kick with the right! Keep those
back........" She stopped in mid sentence. "What are those huge birds swooping
down on us?" she thought as she stood still and watched as they folded their
wings and hurtled towards the group in a formation power dive.

"Run!!" The command was too late. The huge 'birds' unfolded their wings and
slowed their descent. Each selected one of the younger members in the group,
grabbed her from behind and leapt into the air again carrying their victim.
Thirteen women were left and it was noticeable these were all in the over 40 age
range. Twelve, including Margot were now ascending several thousand feet into
the sky. It was all over in seconds. Staff who had witnessed the incident came
running from the mansion and amid the cries and shrieks of those who were left
tried to find out what happened. "They were 'birdmen'," cried one of the group
and this name was repeated many times thereafter when the incident was related
to the police and newspapers.

*****

Naomi Friedmen hadn't wanted to go to the heath farm but her father had insisted
she try to improve her figure. She was a big girl in all ways. A little over six
feet tall and plump, definitely a little overweight she had given up worrying
about her looks several years ago. Now at 21 and unmarried, her father thought
it was about time she took some account of her appearance in order to attract a
husband that wasn't just after her money - or rather his money! But being tall
and powerfully built most men were in awe of her. She detested the nickname
'Amazon' she'd had to live with through college. Few now called it to her face,
not since Amy whatever her name was, tried to taunt her with it. A short sharp
blow to the stomach had her lying on the ground gasping for breath. Normally
Naomi was a fairly placid girl and just let things slip by but when aroused she
had more muscle power than she realised.

At college she had a few lovers or more realistically, sex partners, but none
satisfied her. They all seemed wimps. The big men at school and college all
seemed more attracted to the petite beauty queens rather than her Amazonian
build. In fact, although there was a little spare fat on her body, it was mainly
the bone structure of her frame and stature that was responsible for her size
and weight.

She took a humanities course which she hoped would be an easy option and
achieved mediocre grades even though she wasn't really interested. It was just
something to fill her time. Life for her seemed dull. She wanted for nothing,
she put nothing into life and got nothing out of it. Socially she was a dead
duck. Being self conscious about her size made her a bit of a recluse and when
invited to parties, tended to stay in a corner or remain in the background. Had
she had the interest, she could have undoubtedly been good at sport but she just
couldn't be bothered with the necessary training. On school sport's days she did
well at the shot put and javelin but with the right motivation she could have
been at least in the county team.

Leaving college she just hung around at home, riding her big grey mare when the
weather was nice but otherwise doing little actual work. Her father tried to
interest her in his work as a diplomat but as that meant having social contacts
it was a non starter. Finally fed up with having her sitting around he decided
first on the health farm programme and then in the following September, sending
her to an agricultural college where they had a heavy horse management course.
He knew his daughter to be fond of Suffolk Punch and Shire horses so she should
have a little interest in the course. Naomi was forced to go along with the plan
although she hadn't intended to put a great deal of effort into either.

Now as she watched that bitch of a fitness instructor gracefully leap around and
land lightly on her toes while she in her brightly coloured Spandex gear and
sweating profusely, landed with a heavy thud flat on her feet, she cursed her
father. "Just because he holds the purse strings shouldn't mean he should order
her around to do what she didn't want to do." Looking about her she saw others
in the same flushed and sweaty state as she but then they were generally much
older and were there because they genuinely wanted to improve their figures. The
bitch at the front picked on her again, "Come on Naomi, put some real effort
into it! You can do better than that!"

"So what if I can?" muttered Naomi under her breath and continued in her half
hearted way.

"Up down! Up down!"

"Why doesn't she change the record?" Naomi thought. "Only another ten minutes
and it will be all over and time for a shower and breakfast." She part closed
her eyes.

"Up down! Up down! High kick with the left! High kick with the right! Keep those
back........"

"What the ...?" Naomi heard the rush of air, the flapping of wings and before
she knew what was happening, she was lying face down on the grass. A pair of
arms slid under her armpits and encircled her chest just beneath her breasts.
She felt whoever was holding her give a little jump, there was more sounds of
flapping and cries and screams from those around her. The jump pulled her
upright and a little off the ground before landing back again. Whoever or
whatever it was holding her gave a grunt and jumped again, this time with much
more force. Air from powerful wing beats wafted  over her as she felt herself
rise and could see the ground going away from her. In a moment of panic she
started to struggle and kick.

"Hold still! If I drop you, you will fall to your death." The voice had a
somewhat indistinct North American accent. Naomi, even in her fright saw the
sense of this and stopped moving. She could see the other 'birds' ahead of them
each carrying one of the group. "My you are a heavy one, to be sure" the voice
continued. They were now above the mountain that overlooked the health farm and
the rest were getting further ahead. Naomi could sense 'it' was having trouble
holding her and was concerned in case it lost its grip.

"I'm going to land and pick you up again. Hold still," the voice said as the
spread wings began to change their angle and the birdman began a gliding
descent. A couple of wing beats and Naomi found herself sitting on the ground
again. Turning she faced the birdman for the first time. Never before had she
even imagined such a creature. It was like something out of Greek mythology and
it took some seconds before she realised she wasn't actually dreaming.

Standing over seven feet tall its lower part was that of a pony with huge
thighs, hoofed feet and a horse's tail. From the waist up, was the body of a
well built man with the exception of its eyes which were set well into the skull
and seemed to pierce right through her. On its back though, was a huge pair of
wings, not white or shaped like those of a traditional angel but huge wings
nevertheless. Most of the body was densely covered with light coloured hair,
thickest below the waist but still covering the upper body. Sitting as she was,
perhaps what most caught her attention was the large penis that hung from his
groin and what seemed to her and enormous pair of testicles behind it. "My God,"
she thought, "What if....?"

"Climb on my back."

Naomi didn't move but just sat shivering on the ground. She wasn't clad for
being on a mountain top after having sweated in the sun moments earlier. Looking
in his eyes she hesitantly said, "No."

The birdman didn't hesitate. Grabbing her, in one swift movement he laid her
face down over a boulder then with one hand pressing her back he proceeded to
spank her arse with the other. Naomi yelled as the hard hand cracked powerfully
on her Spandex pants. They gave little protection. Her poor bum felt the full
force of his strength and time and time again he spanked her.

"Stop, please. I'll do it!" Naomi pleaded several times before the beating
stopped and he allowed her to stand. Immediately her hands went to rub the sore
flesh. Tears streamed from her eyes. "Why? What are you? Why me?" Naomi tried to
get some answers but a finger placed on her lips silenced her.

"You will be told all those things later. For now you only need to know that you
belong to me. I am called 'Kercher' which is usually shortened to Kerch. What is
your name?" Naomi told him. "Right then Naomi, we have a long way to go and much
of it is over the sea. It will be easier for me to fly if you are on my back and
more comfortable for you - or would have been if you had done what you were
asked the first time. Now you have a sore arse to sit on. There is no question
of leaving you here and the sooner we get to our destination the sooner you can
get warm again. Now get on my back." This time she did so and sat with her legs
under his armpits and her arms around his neck. "Once we are in the air you
shouldn't need to hold on. Now we must go, the others are far ahead." With a
couple of steps and a jump accompanied by a few wing flaps they were airborne
again.

For some minutes they soared while Kerch searched for a thermal to gain height.
Naomi shivered and pressed herself to his body to gain some warmth but somehow
she felt safe. It was almost like being in an aircraft but open to the elements.
She could feel the cold air on her face and body but she could look out in
almost all directions and as her confidence grew, was able to sit up for short
periods until the chill wind forced her to lie down again. Gradually she became
accustomed to the gentle movements of the wings in much the same way as she was
accustomed to the movements when riding her horse. If only she had warm clothing
and less apprehension of what was going to happen to her, she would have enjoyed
it.




Chapter 2. Investigations begin

Detective inspector Lesley Watts could hardly believe the information coming
through t� her office in Inverness. "It's got to be a hoax!" she muttered to
herself but the remark was picked up by Nicola Wight, her assistant.

Nicola turned at peered at the screen with her. "Student rag?"

"No Nic, universities finished a month ago but it could be some elaborate hoax.
Maybe one of the boys in the control room having us on. It's just too sci-fi to
be true." Lesley almost dismissed the item.

Ten minutes later while they were still watching and commenting on the reports,
the internal phone rang. "The assistant commissioner would like to see you and
Nicola in his office straight away ma'am." Lesley recognised the dulcet tones of
the A.C.'s personal secretary.

"You've seen the reports?" Charles Kingston asked abruptly.

"They are true then?" Lesley asked.

"Unfortunately it seems so. Yes, I know it doesn't seem possible but the local
boys all confirm it happened. Many witnesses. Worse, it seems the women who were
taken are all wealthy or are the wives or daughters of wealthy or influential
people. One is the daughter of an M.P. another's father is a diplomat so this is
going to be a very high profile case. Press are already arriving but we have the
scene cordoned. Because it was only women that have been abducted I thought it
would be better to send women detectives. Get yourselves down there fast and
sort it. See if you can communicate with them. Keep me informed of any ransom
demands." As was his way, The A.C. gave instructions in an abrupt manner but his
tone was kindly.

Even with a flashing blue light on top of the car, it took Nicola well over an
hour to arrive at the health farm. It seemed appropriate that the first part of
the journey was down the Great Glen alongside Loch Ness. "Perhaps Nessie spawned
young with wings, Les," laughed Nicola as Lesley tried to make some sense of the
information coming in on her laptop. They left the main road and went along Glen
Invermoriston before again turning off into the Ceannacroc Forest where the
health farm was situated.

"Certainly looks like a place where you can get away from civilisation,"
remarked Lesley, "People must have a job finding it. Wonder how the kidnappers
knew it was here?"

Local uniform police were on site and had begun to take statements from the
witnesses. However, as these in the main were other members of the group, they
were very shaken and shocked to think their companions, even though they had
only known them a few days, had been kidnapped but for some reason they had been
left. While details of the creatures varied a little, all statements agreed they
were large and had huge wings and had lifted the girls into the air. Lesley and
Nicola quickly came to the conclusion that it wasn't just money the creatures
were after. The three wealthiest women were left behind.

An elderly rather portly woman brought them mugs of tea. "Thanks," Nicola said,
"Did you see the incident?"

"Oh, yes dearies, I was almost as close to them as I am to you." Linda Jones had
come up from East London to work as a maid on the health farm mainly as a
respite from the aftermath of a messy divorce. Her open friendly manner,
prompted the girls to question her further.

"What happened?" Lesley asked.

"Well, I was sent out to give Mrs. Jackson a message. All the group were out in
their leotards and whatnot prancing about in front of the one they called the
'fit bitch' I think her name was Margot something or other. No one liked her
much. She showed off and her tongue gave them hell if they didn't try to do what
she was doing. And of course some of those old dears didn't have a hope in hell
of doing it, now did they. Think she just liked watching the younger ones move
their legs and wobble their boobies. She could be a les if yer ask me."

"Well what happened?"

"As I was saying." Linda refused to hurry with her account. "The whole group,
all twenty-four of them, were on the lawn as the sun was warm and the grass was
dry. There they was, swinging their arms and bobbing up and down with the fit
bitch in front cocking her legs higher than everyone else when suddenly there
was this whooshing sound and these enormous creatures came out of the sky. One
looked at me. Very piercing eyes he had but he turned away and picked one of the
younger girls. By then there was much screaming and some of the girls were being
held from behind and the creatures had taken them into the air."

"What did these creatures look like?"

"Well they was huge! Ten foot high with black eagle wings but bigger. And they
had horse's feet and a long tail but the top part was like a man but bigger and
hairier. I got a good look at 'em."

"Did they wear clothes?"

"Naw, me dears, they were stark bollock naked, if you'll pardon the expression.
They had big ole cocks that hung down all exposed. More the size of horse cocks
but not in a sheathy thing."

"Did they try and rape the girls?"

"Nope, just carried them up and into one of the fluffy clouds but there wasn't
that a many clouds this morning and those that were about hung around the
mountains and I cud see them a good bit of the time until they went over them.
They kept together all except one, 'ee picked up Naomi, she's a real big gal.
Six foot tall and big with it. Quite a nice gal. Quiet like. Seemed bored with
everything though. He, the birdman, seemed to have problems with her and went to
the top of the mountain over there. I cud just see them. He seemed to put her
down and then a bit later she was on his back and flying away. They was a bit
hidden when they was on the ground so I couldn't see if he did anything to 'er."

"Which way did they go?"

"As far as I cud tell they went that away." Linda held her arm out to indicate a
westerly direction.

"How did they select the girls?" It was Nicola's turn to ask questions.

"Seemed to me they had already done what selecting there was. Each went more or
less for a certain girl. There wuz no fighting over two wanting the same one."

"How often did the girls exercise on the lawn and not in the gym?"

"Not that oft'n. Only when it was warm and the grass was dry. They've been out
there the last three days though on account of this fine spell of weather."

"I don't suppose you've seen any of these creatures flying around before today?"

"Naw, luv'ee no. Had us seen one we'd kept ourselves inside."

"So the just appeared out of nowhere, then in seconds they were flying off with
twelve youngish girls. They left the older, less attractive ones behind."

"Well yes, sorta. They took the generally younger ones but not all were
especially attractive. Some of the mid life ones they left would probably be
more attractive to most men."

"So you're saying it was more age than beauty they went for?"

"I guess so although that isn't quite true either. A couple that were left are
younger than two who were taken but perhaps they don't look it. Dare say they
didn't check on birth sustificates first!" Linda laughed at her own joke.

Lesley and Nicola stayed with Linda a little longer until they finished their
tea but didn't learn anything more of significance. They went to the main office
and got a list of all those abducted and went through their files. All had
access to a fair amount of money except for one who had won the week in a
newspaper sponsered prize draw. Many of those left were seemingly far richer.
Again it looked as if ransom money was not the object. Sex was a possibility but
there were anomalies there too. Not all the girls were particularly attractive,
at least to humans. Maybe the birdmen had a different outlook on women.

They sent a couple of constables to the top of the mountain and they reported
seeing both shoe and hoof prints in the mud but otherwise found nothing. Lesley
asked her office to check with coastguards and radar stations to see if there
were any sightings but initially there were no reported sightings.

By now the media were on to the story and it was the main item on the six
o'clock TV news. Charles Kingston himself appeared and appealed for sightings.
Several viewers rang the hotline but their sightings were probably eagles. It
was 7 p.m. before the first positive sighting. The skipper of the "Mary McLeod"
had spent the night fishing in the Minches and was heading for Loch Torridon
when both he and his crew saw what they first thought was a flight of eagles.
Never having seen eagles fly in formation they studied them through binoculars
and saw they were indeed the birdmen and were each carrying a girl. "There was
the main flight of eleven we counted and about 10 minutes after there was a
straggler," the skipper told the hotline. Thinking perhaps everyone would just
put this sighting down to over generous doses of whiskey, they said nothing
until they saw the news report. The skippers story was confirmed by the three
members of his crew. All suggested the creatures might have been heading for the
northern end of Skye.

Kingston ordered Lesley and Nicola drive to Skye and see if there were other
sightings. By the time they had crossed the ferry and driven to Uig, it was dark
and while it was the main topic of conversation in the hotel bar, nothing
further was learned. The only room available had a double bed but the pair were
too tired to worry. The hotel was able to provide them with washing gear and
toothbrushes but not night clothes. They showered and went to bed naked. Tired
as they were, sleep would not come. The days events kept their minds awake and
each time their bodies touched a spark seemed to jump between them. They lay and
chatted until near midnight, Nicola boldly put her arms around her boss and gave
her a hug. When this wasn't repelled she kissed her. Thereafter they lay wrapped
closely together. Both would have liked to have gone further but knew their
future working relationship might be impaired if they did.

6 a.m. the phone rings. It was Kingston. Another confirmed sighting. This one by
a radar station on Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides. They had picked up what they
thought was a small aircraft flying between North Uist and Harris, a little to
the north of the station. They had tried to make radio contact on a number of
frequencies but all had failed. What they found most odd was the flying speed
was only about 60 to 80 miles per hour. There was little wind so they couldn't
make out what would be travelling that slow. They logged it as a UFO.

7 a.m. Call from Mark in the office to say a further sighting had been reported
this time from a yacht sailing outside the Monarch Islands. Early yesterday the
creatures were seen by the skipper and crew of the yacht. They were still
heading west, possibly towards St. Kilda. The yacht had only just arrived at
Tarbert and heard the news. "If they don't land on St. Kilda or one of the other
rocks nearby," Mark went on, "The next stop in that direction is Labrador and
even if the creatures can fly that far, I can't see the girls surviving
especially as they are wearing next to nothing."

"What do we know about St. Kilda, Mark?"

"Small group of islands with very steep cliffs. Main island is Hirta with a
seasonal warden and small camp site and partly restored village Rest
uninhabited. During the cold war the rock stacks were used as a target for
rockets fired from a base in the Hebrides. Discontinued in the late eighties.
Now a wild life reserve managed by National Trust for Scotland and very few
passes are issued by the NTS to allow access. Boat access can be difficult. On
calm days landing is at the village. Same with getting back off. Other islands
are not much more than stacks of rock and only climbers can get to them at the
best of times."

"Could be accessed by flight though?"

"Yes, but where would they live? Only buildings as far as we know at the moment
are on Hirta. Am checking with the Ministry of Defense but they are being
difficult as usual."

"Any naval vessels in the area?"

"Nope. Nearest is up around Iceland somewhere."

"Can we get the Air boys to do a recce?"

"Kingston's working on it. We are keeping this latest information to ourselves.
Only letting the press know we are looking on Skye. We don't want the press
hoards on our backs as well as irate fathers and husbands."

Lesley put the phone down. "Looks as if they could be on some rocks out in the
Atlantic Nic. God knows how we will get there."

"I think they used to do boat trips from Oban around there but it was an all day
trip and only in good weather."

Lesley groaned, "We'll head back towards Oban then but let's hope they can
organise a chopper for us."




Chapter 3. The Satyrs breeding programme

With the early morning sun on her back Naomi knew they were travelling west and
it wasn't long before she saw the coastline under them and the islands of the
inner and outer Hebrides. Kerch seemed to avoid flying over them but mainly took
a route over the sea. Still they headed west until a scattered group of small
islands came in sight. Kerch glided in a gradual descent. Peering over his
shoulder, Naomi could see an island with high cliffs and sea birds wheeling, no
doubt disturbed by the previous flight of birdmen. A small group of houses lined
the shoreline in one part where the land sloped more gently to the sea. But
Kercher didn't stop there. Instead he kept well away from the village and swung
around the far coast to a smaller island that was just a stack of rock with very
steep sides. Almost inaccessible by sea.

Kerch sideslipped around the cliff face and then into a well concealed opening
perhaps a hundred feet  above sea level. As soon as he landed a door shut behind
them and another ahead opened. Inside the second door the air was warm and the
room well lit. Naomi was about to alight from Kerch when he told her to remain
in place. An older looking birdman greeted them. "You took your time getting
back young Kercher?"

"I had problems holding this one Sir. She heavier than most, and bigger too."

"I'll believe you! Take her to the showers and get to the dining room as soon as
you can."

At that moment a door opened and out came the rest of the abductees each lead by
a birdman. All the women were subdued and naked. Nearly all had marks under
their breasts where the birdmen had held them during the flight. All looked very
small against the size of their captors. Naomi noticed several of the birdmen
sported semi-erections and wondered how those petite bodies would take to having
such massive shafts forced into them. Margot's captor looked particularly well
hung and particularly mean. "I wouldn't mind being there when she gets fucked,"
she thought rather cruelly. In her mind now she had no doubt they were all to be
raped.

Kerch, still with Naomi sitting on his back, her bum now resting on the top of
the folded wings, waited until all the others were out before entering the
shower room. "Undress Naomi" He turned to adjust the water confident she would
carry out his command. She did. He soaped her back, then her front playing
special attention to her breasts. They were in proportion to the rest of her
body but large by normal sized person standards. Trying to keep her legs closed
when he wanted to wash her vaginal area earned her another slap on her already
reddened and sore arse. Although not more than a playful slap it still hurt
enough for her to cry out. "Don't try and fight me Naomi, I shan't mind spanking
again or whipping you. In fact I may well enjoy it but as sure as eggs is eggs,
you won't!"

Finishing washing her, Kerch passed the soap and with instructions not to use
soap on his feathers, let her wash his back before turning his front to her.
Naomi spent more time on his top half than was necessary but in the end was
forced to wash his prick and balls. In her hands it started to stiffen. Not
wanting to stimulate him further she held it gingerly but Kerch laughed at her.
"Naomi, you are going to get to know my cock very well in the next few months.
You will learn what it feels like in your hands, your mouth and your cunt so get
used to handling it now."

"Months?" stuttered Naomi, "We are going to be kept here for months?"

"Aisha, who met us in the hallway, will tell you all what is going to happen
when we get to the dining room."

It was five minutes later Kerch, again with Naomi on his back, entered the
dining room. All the others were assembled and waiting. Kerch did a little bow
to his leader and allowed his load to slide to the floor. Naomi blushed scarlet
as she realised her arse had been on show to all since she entered the room.
"Welcome, Naomi," Aisha said, "Kercher said he'd had problems with you on the
way but it looks as if he dealt with them." Naomi cried out as her bum hit the
hard floor and there was a chorus of laughter from the other birdmen. "But it
looks as if you chose a goodly wench, Kercher. She should serve our purposes
well," continued Aisha.

Aisha started on what seemed like a prepared speech. "Ladies, you will be
wondering what we are and what is going to happen to you. We are the creations
of Dr. Bernhart Reisener. He extracted genes and DNA from humans, ponies and the
condor and by computer manipulation was able to mix them to produce the
forerunners to me. Gradually he was able to refine the technique to produce the
Satyrs that captured you. Each time he created another satyr he tweaked the
formula slightly so each of the satyrs is different except for the first two
which were identical clones probably as near to twins as you get in humans. Now
because the Dr. had some unpleasant dealings with a lady who was his boss in the
pharmaceutical laboratory where he worked, when he chose the human genes he took
them from a person who showed strong anti female tendencies, a person who
delighted in inflicting pain on women. By now much of those tendencies have
become diluted but they are still there and ready to be used should you try and
kick against what we wish to do with you. Naomi has already had a minor example
of this.

Now to why you are here. Because the original genes and DNA came from a male
human all the clones so far have been male. To go right back and use female
genes and DNA would involve far more work than the good Dr. has time left in
this life, even with the advancement in computer speeds. However, we have found
that we can breed with human females. Unfortunately the first trial produced a
stillborn male offspring. You are here for a more in depth trial. With twelve
fertile females the odds are that we will get at least one or two female satyrs
and can breed on from them. So that is why you are here. The satyrs have now
been here for well over a year without female contact until now the urge to
reproduce has overcome all other desires and hence, you have been abducted.

For the time being you each belong to the satyr who selected and brought you and
you will be bred by him until you a well into pregnancy. While the main
objective is breeding, I am sure your satyr masters will, after such a long
period of abstinence, get great pleasure just fucking you and will do so very
frequently. I know you will all have noticed the size of their cocks and balls
and wondered if you will be able to accommodate them. The answer is, yes, but at
first you may find it very painful. Your masters will not worry overmuch on that
score and indeed may take great delight in the tightness of your vaginas. The
breed of horses the lower part of their body is taken from is noted for the
length of time it takes before ejaculation and for the amount of sperm produced.
From your point of view, it means that each fuck will last longer and the amount
of cum pumped inside you is far greater than from any human male. Pregnancy
lasts about nine months the same as with humans. If we feel it is safe to do so
we may release you when your offspring is weaned. Until that time you will
remain here or at one of our other bases. Any questions?"

Tears were flowing from many of the women. One asked how much money he wanted to
release them. In no uncertain terms she was told that her money was of no
importance to them. They were just here to be bred. There were questions
concerning contact with their families and children and were told some limited
correspondence may be possible. Some were on the pill and it would take some
time before they were likely to conceive and were told they would be there until
they did conceive. One of the older women, 36 year old Jenny admitted to having
a hysterectomy vaguely hoping she would be released as she wasn't able to breed.
However, this knowledge displeased Aisha who told her she would just be kept for
the sexual pleasure of everyone and he would personally cane her beforehand.
Aisha then held up his hand and declared question time at an end.

Naomi felt Kerch take her hand and place it around his cock as he whispered in
her ear to play with it gently for now. His arm then went around her back and
started to play with a tit. She gave a little cry and he kneaded a nipple harder
than she would have liked. "Please be gentle with me too," she asked of him.

Aisha held his hand up for quiet again. "Before we start the breeding programme
and to make sure all of you ladies know what will happen to you if you don't
comply with our wishes and that I meant what I said, I am going to deal with
Jenny. Zeik, bring her here." Zeik did so. "Take her on your back and lift her
so her arse is well exposed." Zeik picked up and threw her over his shoulders
and held her hands in front of him. He then folded his wings over her back so
she was pinioned. It was obvious he was not pleased that the woman he had chosen
couldn't supply him with an offspring.

"Thrash her well, Sir, for she has dashed my hopes of a baby girl satyr."

Aisha took a long cane from a cupboard and brought it down with terrific force
on Jenny's tender arse. A scream came from her mouth. A vivid line crossed both
bum cheeks. The satyrs clapped and cheered. Seven more times the cane struck
until Jenny's body could stand it no longer and she slipped into
unconsciousness. Zeik carried her back and dumped her unceremoniously on the
floor.

Kerch had by now got a full erection. Naomi could feel its power pulsate in her
hand and wondered what it would feel like inside her. Could she take it? She
didn't have long to wait to find out.

"Let us adjourn to the dormitory," Aisha announced. As was expected of any
dormitory there were two rows of beds the only difference being each bed was
much longer than normal to give the satyrs the necessary length to stretch out.
Alongside each bed was a cupboard the size of a low vaulting horse and with a
padded top. Kercher being the youngest satyr had a bed at the far end.

Again Aisha called for silence. Zeik had to put his hand over the sobbing
Jenny's mouth to quieten her. "Just so all you ladies know what is expected of
you, I am going to ask young Kercher to demonstrate with Naomi the basic method
which satyrs like to use when fucking. They will of course use other ways but
this is the position most used especially when breeding. Kercher please show the
others what they have to do."

"Thank you Sir. I am honoured." Naomi felt as if she wanted to fall through a
hole in the floor but after having seen how Jenny had been dealt with, didn't
resist when Kercher picked her up and laid her face down along the padded top.
He spread her legs wide and felt her cunt. Fortunately she was aroused from
playing with his prick and having her tits manipulated in the dining room so the
moisture inside her vagina was flowing freely. She looked up and saw all the
ladies from the group had been positioned around so they had a good view.

"Relax and let me in," Kercher said as he positioned the tip of his cock at her
entrance. Naomi was frightened and started to shake. How could she take this
monster inside her? Kercher pressed forward and started in. Naomi screamed,
"You'll split me in two!" He didn't of course but the forcible entry hurt like
hell and Naomi kept crying out.  Kercher spoke, "Ladies as you can see, I am
well over halfway in which is probably far enough for the first time but does
show you it is possible for a cock of this size to enter a human cunt. The fact
she is in some pain is only because it is the first time she has had a decent
size cock. After a few times she will stretch and the pain should disappear."

To the girls around her, the sight of the rape was appalling. They knew they
were going to receive the same treatment or worse very shortly. Many of them
screamed but were silenced by the hands of the keepers covering their mouths.
Two fainted. Soon all but one were sobbing. The one was Mary, a mother of four
children whose husband was quite well endowed and who thought she could take the
large size of cock because her cunt had not fully shrunk back since her last
child born only six months previously.

Kercher began pushing his enormous cock in and out of Naomi's cunt. Slowly at
first and then building up speed as his lust increased. Naomi still cried out
but with her own lubrication and his pre-cum, the pain had eased just a little.
It was noticeable to the onlookers that he still wasn't penetrating her fully
but was entering further than before. They watched for over ten minutes before
Kercher's cock ceased moving and began pulsating. He was coming. Slowly he
withdrew leaving a sticky strand of spunk from his cock head to her opening.
Naomi groaned with relief and yet she was vaguely saddened by the loss. Oh, but
she was sore there too. She tried to raise herself up but Kercher held her to
the cupboard top. "Lie still for a while, we want the sperm to have the best
chance of fertilising you."

Looking around she again saw the others watching her. In her pain she had
forgotten her rape was a public affair. Now embarrassment and humiliation
overcame her. She felt Kercher lift himself from her and saw him move to her
head, the sticky cock in front of her face, still fairly hard. Kercher went on,
"Ladies, I have no doubt some of you have sucked cock before and others of you
will be disgusted at the thought. Here you will always suck your owners cock
clean after he has filled you with his seed. No exceptions." He thrust his cock
at Naomi's mouth.

"No! It's vile!" Two hard slaps on her arse changed her mind. Opening her mouth
she could just get the head inside. It didn't taste as bad as she expected. It
was more the thought of what she was doing in front of the others that disgusted
her. It was obvious to everyone she would not get all of the cock in her mouth
but Kercher understood that and removed it and made her lick all along the
shaft. A few minutes later she was allowed to stand. Sperm dribbled down her
thighs but she could tell there was still a lot inside her. Kercher put his arm
around her and drew her to him. "That wasn't bad for a first time." he
commented.

Aisha now stood and spoke. "Thank you Kercher. You handled her well. Girls, you
have seen what you have to do. Some of you will find it more difficult than
others but one way or another you will all be made to service your new owners.
The fact that it hurts you will not deter us in fact it will incite us further.
Satyrs, you must only service the girl you have chosen. We wish to know whose
baby is made inside each woman. The exception is for Jenny who is available for
everyone."

Each satyr now took his reluctant and crying woman to his bed space and up-ended
her over the cupboard. Some struggled but it was a futile effort. Even the fit
Margot was unable to avoid being laid on the cupboard top although her struggles
did earn her a dozen hard slaps. Still she writhed but that just resulted in
straps that had been folded into the cupboard being wrapped tightly around her
body and fastening her securely in position.

"Are you going to watch them Kerch?" Naomi asked. She noted his cock was still
flaccid.

"Yes, I think I will enjoy seeing and hearing their squeals especially as the
cocks go into some of those small cunts. Anyone you would particularly like to
see?"

Naomi was about to say, no when she remembered what she had thought earlier.
"Yes, the bitch instructor." They passed Mary. She was already impaled on the
owners cock which she seemed to be taking without too much difficulty. Not so
for two of the younger ones who were strapped down and screaming their lungs out
as the cocks tried to enter.

Freo had just finished giving Margot's arse a pasting when they arrived and was
strapping her down. Seeing the onlookers she spat out, "Go away, get your
jollies by watching someone else!" Freo gave her a few more swats for that
remark.

Naomi answered her, "No Margot, you did your best to humiliate and cause us
pain. You watched me suffer now I want to see you receive the same treatment.
You might be better equipped than I am for exercises but I may well be better
equipped than you when it comes to servicing these creatures. I bet you enjoyed
making us suffer. You enjoyed making caustic comments on my figure and how we
all performed. Now the tables are turned."

"Open your legs wider," Freo demanded. Margot didn't move them. Kercher moved
and grabbed the girl by the knees and pulled them wide, far wider than she would
have ever got them.

"Aaarghh!" Margot screamed. Her small opening was now fully exposed and Freo
wasted no time on preliminaries. Aiming his cock at the entrance and thrust
forward. It only entered a short way but elicited another scream from Margot.

"She's bloody dry," Freo commented, "And very tight. Might have to get some
lubrication."

"Suck his cock and get some spit on it Naomi and then put some on her cunt."
Kercher pushed her head towards Freo's groin. Knowing she had no choice and at
least it wasn't messy, Naomi took Freo's weapon in her mouth and lathered it as
best she could. When Freo withdrew her head was pushed to Margot's cunt and she
gave it the same treatment. When she used almost all the spit she could muster,
Naomi put another drop on Freo's cock head and then guided it directly to
Margot's cunt. Kercher was still holding the captive girl's legs apart and as
the cock started in, Naomi pulled each cuntal lip to give the satyr maximum
entrance. He thrust in again and this time was able to spear in over half his
cock's length. More screams from Margot but they only served to intensify Freo's
lust. Forcefully he pumped in and out watched by Kercher and Naomi.

Seeing they were no longer needed, Kercher led Naomi to see what was happening
to the others. On the way he commented, "You don't seem to like that one very
much?"

"No. She has been lording her fitness over us for some days and trying to make
us do in minutes things she has spent years training to do and many of which I
couldn't do because of my size and shape. That gave her much to ridicule. So as
I have had to suffer so can she."

By now almost all the girls were impaled on a cock. Only the older woman seemed
to be getting any pleasure from the fucking. She was the only one thrusting
forward with each stroke but even she couldn't take the whole length. One by one
the fucking finished and each girl was made to suck their owner's cock. Alice
refused at first but a vigorous spanking changed her mind.

Naomi noticed Kercher's cock had started to inflate again and wondered if she
would be forced to receive it again but they were taken to the dining room
instead and given a meal. One thing Naomi could do well was eat. She polished
off her meal before noticing that most of the others seemed too traumatised to
do more than pick at their food.

Before the meal ended Aisha addressed them again. "You have all now had your
first injection of satyr sperm. Don't think that is the end of it. At any time
your owner gets an erection, you must be prepared to take it into you. You all
have sore cunts but that does not matter. Any refusal to co-operate will only
result in pain to other parts of your body and you will still have to service
your owner. The toilets are to the left of the shower room and you may use them
at anytime except for one hour after you have been fucked. For the rest of this
afternoon you are free to tour the building in the company of your owners. From
tomorrow you may be asked to do certain chores."

Kercher had placed her hand on his cock again so suspecting her wanted have her
a second time she asked to go to the loo. He took he hand and led the way.
Several other couples had the same idea. The toilets were very much open plan.
No cubicles, just toilet pans and urinals neatly spaced. She was sat down
alongside Jenny, who was using her hands to slightly raise herself up and not
put all her weight on her tender buttocks. They were really raw and swollen now.
With Kercher standing in front of her it took a little while before she could
start the flow and when it did, the hot liquid stung her sore vagina. Kercher
was now fully erect again and she knew what was going to happen. The fact was
also obvious to the other girls. Although she didn't want to appear a slut, she
took Kercher's cock and placed it between her lips. At least that might provide
a little lubrications, she thought to herself. Jenny's owner thought it a good
idea too and forcibly thrust his cock into his charge's mouth.

Freo dragged Margot in. She had lost much of her haughtiness and looked very
bedraggled. Seeing Naomi with a cock in her mouth she sarcastically asked
Kercher, "Would you like me to hold her mouth open so you can fuck it properly?"
Yet another slap to her already sore arse soon shut her up.

Later Kercher had an erection and Naomi knew she would have to take it again, no
matter that she was still very sore internally. While being led to the cupboard
she had an idea. Remembering a video of her father's she asked, "Can I be on top
this time?"

Kercher was surprised and puzzled by the request. "How do you mean?" he asked.

Naomi asked him to lie on his back on top of the bed, straddled him and slowly
lowered herself on his cock. "At least," she thought, "This way I can control
the speed and penetration." Kercher got the idea and assisted by holding her
with his hands and together they bounced up and down for nearly fifteen minutes
before he finally ejaculated. Slowly Naomi raised her very sore cunt off the
satyr's cock. Cum oozed down her thighs. The performance had been watched by
several other satyrs and their partners and, to Naomi's chagrin, they gave them
a clap.

For the rest of the day, Kercher showed her round the base or sat with her. She
couldn't find out where she was but from the way they had flown here she guessed
it was one of the offshore Scottish islands. More than the other satyrs he
seemed to want to play with her body especially her tits and liked to suckle
them. In fact they became quite sore from his attentions but it also kept Naomi
somewhat aroused. Kercher liked her to massage his balls but even when he became
fully hard he didn't try to fuck her again and stopped her each time he neared a
climax. "I want to fully recharge my balls," he explained, "So that you get a
full load each time."

Gradually she became used to being naked and seeing everyone else naked too.
What she couldn't get used to was seeing the other girls forcibly raped. It was
one thing, at least in her mind, to see the bitch Margot forcibly fucked, but
her stomach turned each time she heard the screams of some of the smaller women
she had become friends with in the few days she had been at the health farm. For
the time being at least, the cunts of these girls were too small to take the
large pricks of the satyrs without a lot of pain. Several now had sore arses
from spankings received as a result of resisting.

Bedtime came and Naomi was expecting him to take her again but it wasn't until
the early hours that he did so. When he did, she asked him to be gentle and for
a satyr he was. Still it aggravated her already very sore vagina. The night
seemed long and she got very little sleep. Apart from the thoughts running
through her mind concerning what was to happen to her, there were all the noises
from the other occupants of the room. For a while there was an almost continuous
sound of sexual intercourse and the cries of girls being raped. The worst were
muffled by makeshift gags to allow other satyrs the right to sleep but always
there were noises and she wasn't used to that, having had her own room since she
was a small child. Occasionally there would be spanking sounds and further cries
as one of the girls resisted but before morning it all quietened down a little
and she got just a few hours of sleep.




Chapter 4. An unlikely partnership

Marshall Hinton, "Hin" to his associates, a young get-ahead reporter on the
Inverness Echo studied the information coming into his office. He was a keen
sailor and had done some fishing from the Outer Isles. "They've just to be on
St. Kilda boss," he told his editor. "From the reports I managed to get from my
inside informant, there is just no where else they can go unless they are going
to do an Atlantic crossing and that's hardly possible if they are carrying half
naked girls." His logic followed that of Lesley's. "What I can't understand is
why the bird watching warden hasn't spotted them."

"Well if you can get your friend to hire you the boat, you can have three days.
This is only a small paper as you well know and we just don't have the money to
hire a helicopter. In any case a chopper is very conspicuous. A fishing boat
will not cause concern, only trouble is the islands are a long way from
anywhere."

"Yeah and it might be a week before the weather is good enough to get there.
This time of year though. there should be a better than average hance."

Hin arrived at the quayside in Oban dressed ready for a fishing trip. Ross McVie
skipper and owner of the "Flora McDonald" was waiting for him. "What da ya want
to go all the way out to St. Kilda for in a hurry?"

"Keep your voice down. Let's just say the paper's paying."

"Don't s'pose it has anything much to do wi' them birdmen?" Ross went on
undeterred by the request for quiet.

"We'll talk when we are underway. Then only the birds can hear us."

"Aye. Have to get to the jetty and get fuel first. There's no real hurry.
Tide'll turn soon and we may have to hold off anyway as there is a gale
forecast."

A car screeched to a halt on the quay. Hin groaned when he saw the two police
girls emerge. "What are you doing here Hin? As if I need ask," Lesley greeted
the reporter.

"Just going for a few days fishing."

"Bird watching more like," Nicola suggested.

"No harm in that!"

"Was this fishing being done near St. Kilda skipper?" Lesley asked Ross.

Ross didn't know the two girls but sensed there was some animosity between them
and his friend so he replied, "Could be we might get that way. What's it to
you?" Lesley and Nicola flashed their warrant cards.

"Looks as if you will have company Hin," Nicola laughed and then more seriously
added, "But how did you know to look at St. Kilda?"

"I have my sources too and I know the area and Ross has been around the islands
many times. Anyway I have hired the boat. You find your own."

"You know we can appropriate the boat if we have to Hin. And we can leave you on
the quay so why not share what you know with us and cooperate?"

Ross and his crew fuelled the boat and set off. The fresh westerly wind didn't
cause them too many problems as they rounded Mull until they cleared Coll and
headed for the outer islands. "Aye don't much like the look of the weather,"
Ross told his passengers as the boat ploughed into the heavy sea. Glass is
falling and the forecast is for a storm. Shouldn't last long at this time of
year but we may have to put into Loch Maddy before we attempt to go out into the
Atlantic. I'm going to run along the lee of the islands once we get to Barra and
then head through the Sound of Harris." Ross showed them the proposed route on a
chart in the wheelhouse.

To Lesley and Nicola, the archipelago that comprise the St. Kilda group seemed
very small and a long way out to sea. Lesley in particular was not looking
forward to the trip because her stomach was already feeling the effect of the
boat's motion. She was no sailor and decided to lay down on a bunk. One of the
crew thoughtfully provided a bucket alongside her. It was soon in frequent use.
Ross, seeing her plight administered a strong sea sickness pill of a type
available only on prescription for seamen. Not only did it stop the sickness, it
put her into a sound sleep. "She'll not be disturbing anyone for four or five
hours," Ross told the others.

As predicted, the weathered worsened and they were forced to shelter in Loch
Maddy. Nicola and Hin chatted for a long while, each trying to winkle
information from the other. Hin painted an excellent word picture of the islands
and explained his worries about the seasonal warden on Hirta. "Nic, he's either
in their pay, or blind or they don't go near Hirta," He argued the point
forcibly with the young policewoman.

Nicola opened Lesley's laptop and accessed the station to give a report on the
situation. They had found information on the islands and sent photos of various
places. Kingston reported the RAF had done an unofficial recce and found
nothing. They had contacted the warden and he had not seen anything. "You might
be on a wild goose chase but keep at it. We don't have any other leads," he
said.

Lesley's mobile phone rang and Nicola answered. They were sitting in the
wheelhouse as the weather was too bad to be outside. "Mark, this is Nic.
Lesley's asleep, we had to give her a pill because she was so sick on the boat.
Any news?"

Yeah, some. MoD actually got back to us. Seems the publicity might be making
them get their finger out. Apparently they had an underground base on Soay where
personnel could shelter in safety when the rockets were fired. It was sealed up
when they left. Only trouble is no one at the MoD knows exactly where the
entrance is or was."

"Soay's on the end of Hirta right? That's just typical of the Ministry of
Defense," grumbled Nicola., "Keep working on it and them and see if you can come
up with anything more. Thanks"

"What was all that about?" enquired Hin although he half guessed.

"What do you know about Soay?" Nic replied with a question.

"Huge rock pile. Some special sheep. No people. Are you suggesting they might be
there?"

"Any underground caves or chambers?"

"Not that I've heard of. Now how about answering my questions." Hin was getting
miffed.

"There's possibly and underground chamber the MoD used years ago but even they
don't seem to know exactly where it is."

"Well I know a man who might, but it will cost you a bottle of whiskey at
least," interjected Ross. "Lets go ashore. Gus will keep an eye on things here."
Jimmy, the other crew member was already ashore.

In the local hotel, Ross enquired for Duncan and they found him in a corner of
the back room. Hin bought a bottle of his favourite malt and they all sat round
his table. Duncan was an old but fairly sprite man in his eighties. Ross
introduced his guests but not why they were there. "Duncan, when you were a lad
you were on Soay when they did the rocket tests. This ere bloke and his
girlfriend are archeologists and are looking for the site of the chamber where
you all stayed. Is it still there?"

"I guess so," Duncan replied helping himself to a full glass of the whiskey,
"But I doubt if there is much there and yer canna really get to it now. We left
the furniture and stuff but all the tracking and seismic stuff and records were
took."

"Why canna yer get to it now?"

"Cuz we sealed up the entrance and then the last thing we did was to blow up the
steps that we cut to get up there. All the rock fell into the sea and destroyed
the little landing place we had. Mind you we couldn't get a boat in all that
often as it was on the north side and there always seemed to be a high sea
running." Duncan gave them a description of the whereabouts and reminisced on
his life there. The chamber it seemed was quite large and was part natural cave
and part man made.

"That could be where they are," exclaimed Nicola, "Getting in will be the
problem."

Although most of the drinking had been done by Duncan, both Nicola and Hin had
enough to make them merry and they linked arms to walk back to the "Flora
McDonald". Lesley was still asleep but the cabin smelled of vomit. Ross offered
them the use of the small saloon and said he would spent the night in the crew's
quarters. In the shelter of the harbour, the boat lay quietly enough but the
pair couldn't sleep and sat chatting for a while. It wasn't long before Hin had
his arms around Nic. She later blamed the whiskey for not resisting when Hin
slowly undressed her and himself before laying down on the padded seat. Again
she didn't resist as he massaged her breasts. Indeed she began to moan with
pleasure. Hin's hands gradually went down her body until they were between her
legs. Now she moaned more. "Come on. Do it if you are going to," she murmured.

Hin didn't need to be asked again. His prick was already erect. She was well and
truly wet so it entered easily and he began a gentle fucking motion. Soon though
as passion engaged them, the momentum increased until first of all she climaxed
and then a minute or so later he ejaculated. Just in time he remembered to
withdraw so his sperm flooded the lower part of her belly. He wiped her clean
with a paper towel, Sleep came easily afterwards.

5 a.m. and they were awakened by the big diesels starting up and by movements on
deck. Lesley crawled into the saloon surprising the occupants before they had
time to dress. "So this is what you get up to when I am not watching!" She
didn't bother to even look the other way as the pair found their clothes and
started to dress. "What's happening?" she asked. Nic and Hin filled her in on
the happenings of the previous evening. "So you drug me, go out and have a night
on the town and then screw like rabbits till morning," Lesley remarked but the
others noticed a half smile on her face and they all burst out in a fit of
laughter. This was interrupted by Ross yelling down the hatchway for them to
start getting some breakfast cooked. Much of the work was left to Hin. Neither
of the girls had any experience of cooking on a moving cooker. The wind had died
down to moderate but there was still quite a swell on and the boat bounced
around unpredictably. Nevertheless breakfast was made and even Lesley ate. She
was starving, having had nothing since the previous breakfast.

Steadily they steamed to Soay and surveyed where the entrance should be. They
found it and it looked as if the entrance could open but one would need to be a
expert rock climber to get to it even if a foothold could be obtained at sea
level. They waited around for a hour but there was no sign of life and it was
getting late. Ross headed his boat for Village Bay on Hirta and anchored for the
night.




Chapter 5. Working with the Tryns

Breakfast was at eight o'clock but Kercher was an early riser and that meant
Naomi had to be as well. "God, this is even earlier than the bloody health
farm," she thought as he tumbled her out of bed at six a.m. Having cleaned
themselves up they made their to the lounge area, Naomi walking with her legs
wider apart than normal to save her thighs chafing her cunt. Aisha was already
there and beckoned them over. "Good morning Sir," Kercher responded to his
greeting. Naomi too decided to add her, "Good morning, Sir," greeting and seeing
Aisha had a cup of steaming liquid, asked if she could have a cup of coffee.

"Of course, Naomi." He signaled to a tryn who came with two cups and the coffee
pot. Naomi had seen the tryns before at mealtime but not close too. She knew
they were kind of workers and were different to the satyrs. For a start they
were smaller, only about 6 feet tall. Their bodies were almost entirely covered
with light brown hair and they appeared sexless and flightless. Even though,
like everyone else they didn't wear clothing, she could not see any genitalia
nor did they have breasts. Their speech too was more stilted, more artificial.

"Thank you," she said as the tryn poured her coffee. It looked up in surprise as
if not used to being thanked.

"How did you sleep?" Aisha asked.

"Not very well Sir. It was all so strange. I've hardly ever slept in a room with
other people and with all the other things going on I couldn't get off."

"I expect you'll get used to it and the strangeness will wear off. Were you able
to take Kercher's cock alright?"

Naomi was floored by the directness of the question. "I...I   think I took it
better than many of the others, Sir," she stuttered.

"Yes, Sir," Kercher interjected, "She took three good loads without too much
squealing."

They sat chatting until a tryn came and refilled their cups. Naomi, by then felt
she could talk to Aisha who was obviously the leader and far older than the
others. "What are the tryns?" she asked.

Aisha explained they were a worker caste of clones made so the satyrs themselves
wouldn't have to do menial work. "Like humans," he said, "They have various
levels of intelligence so there is a caste system within the tryn caste so some
never do anything but simple cleaning jobs while others cook and supervise. The
difference was more pronounced with the early tryn clones but now they are able
to control the DNA / gene combination better."

"Do they have names?"

"Yes, and they are all three letters suffixed with tryn and all begin with a
different letter of the alphabet. The earliest creation is Akatryn and the most
recent is Waltryn. Quetryn is head of the tryns here."

"What was this place?" asked Naomi.

"During the cold war days this island was used for rocket target practice. The
missiles were fired from bases on the mainland and it was necessary for a
detachment of soldiers to be on here to see where the rockets landed. So they
built this underground bunker. When the army left they sealed the entrance and
blew up the landing area so the entrance is not now accessible by sea. Years
later they made it a wild life sanctuary with very restricted access. Not more
than two or three people are allowed on the island a year. So it is pretty
isolated. We unsealed the entrance and of course as you saw when you arrived, we
only need a narrow ledge on which to land before entering."

As Aisha seemed to be in a good mood, Naomi kept questioning him. "How are we
going to spend our time here?"

"We do have other bases and some of you may be transferred there but for the
immediate future you will all stay here. You will be started on a work schedule
this morning."

"If you don't mind my saying so, Sir, that might not be a good idea." Kercher
gave her a nudge as if to say, "You don't question Aisha's orders." Nevertheless
she went on. "I am stiff and sore and walking is a little painful but I am one
of the better ones. Some of the girls can hardly stand or sit so getting even
the simplest of work tasks done would be near impossible. Beating them to make
the work will only make matters worse - and can only lessen the chances they
become good mothers for your offspring. Sorry, I don't mean to offend you Sir,
but it may be that humans have a different pain threshold than you."

Aisha for a moment looked aback at her but then his good mood returned. "What do
you suggest then? Leave you to sit around doing nothing?"

"No Sir, that would lead to boredom but I think we or more especially the
others, should have some treatment for their pain. I am not against us doing
chores but we cannot do them if our bodies are too sore to use our muscles. We
would also need to try and keep our bodies in some sort of shape which is why we
were at the health farm in the first place."

"We have your own instructor here, the one you all seem to dislike and call the
'fitness bitch'."

"Yeah, Sir, she's a show off. She liked to see us suffer." Naomi laughed, an
infectious laugh which caused both Aisha and Kercher to laugh too, "I bet she
would find some of her own exercises painful now!"

Breakfast was served and Aisha took his place at the head of the table.
Afterwards he stood up a looked at the girls, some of whom had to be carried in
and were sitting very gently in their chairs. Many had tear stained faces or
were crying softly. "I had intended to set you all to work this morning cleaning
this place up. It is rather too large for the tryns to keep it properly clean
but Naomi persuaded me to allow you another free day and to allow you all to use
some salve on your sorest parts. Your owners will apply the salve. I am also
asking them not to punish you unnecessarily until you have healed. They can
still punish you though if you refuse to allow them to mate with you at any time
they wish. You must still take their cocks inside you whenever they require it.
There is one condition to all this. Seeing Naomi negotiated the concession for
you, she must agree to do the work you should have done. To make it perfectly
clear, Naomi has a free choice. She can agree to work here all day and do what
all twelve of you should have done while you rest or watch her or she can refuse
and you all do a share of the work. What is it to be Naomi?"

The choice took Naomi by surprise but she knew she really only had one choice.
To do the work herself. Some of the smaller girls were not fit to do anything.
"Sir," she smiled, "I have often been told to keep my big mouth shut. Now I know
the reason. Where do I start?"

Audible cries of thanks came from the lips of some girls and they watched her
walk stiffly and with the wide gait they were getting used to. Following Kercher
into the kitchen area she was introduced to Quetryn who in turn passed her to
Lyntryn. "You help Lyntryn clean dining room."

Lyntryn was about her size but very muscular. While he didn't say much he always
seemed to smile and Naomi took to him straight away. He (although the tryns were
sexless, she thought of them as 'he's'), thrust a bowl in her hand. "Fill with
water." They set to work cleaning tables and then the floor. Naomi having never
in her life done housework and even in normal circumstances would have found it
very difficult to keep up but with a sore arse and sore cunt it was doubly
difficult. Lyntryn worked at a fast pace although he seemed to do it with ease.
Naomi did her best and sweated profusely. Soon her hands were almost as sore as
her arse and time and time again she asked herself why she agreed to do it.

Kercher came to her a little before midday and unceremoniously laid her over a
table and fucked her again, right in front of Lyntryn and several of the other
girls who were around. Somehow she seemed more embarrassed to have Lyntryn watch
than the girls.

Lunch time came and she laid the tables, served the lunches and afterwards
cleared them away. Aisha was always served first and he remarked how nice it was
to be served by someone with such lovely tits and at the same time gave her
bottom a pinch. Had not she recovered quickly Aisha would have had his lunch in
his lap! Margot was her usual bitchy self. When Naomi served her she asked, "How
is your first day at work going dear?" It took a lot of self control for Naomi
not to dump the food over the bitch's tits but she knew she would be punished
for doing so. Instead, she smiled and said, "Probably better than yours will
tomorrow."

By the time lunch was over Naomi felt starving. She'd had nothing to eat or
drink since breakfast, she'd been worked hard and had seen all the others eat.
"Do tryns eat?" she wondered as she stacked plates on a trolley. Her question
was answered when she wheeled them in the kitchen. In a back room she hadn't
seen before, two long tables were set and almost all the tryns were sitting
around them. There wasn't much space left. Lyntryn scrambled laughing into an
opening leaving Naomi standing but immediately a tryn on the other table
shouted, "Come on. Space for you here!" "I'm Fentryn," he introduced himself and
then Evntryn on the other side of her.

It was perhaps the jolliest meal she'd had for a long time. The tryns who seemed
so quiet and subdued around the satyrs were full of life when on their own. Amid
jokes and laughter they tried to find out a little about Naomi and where she
came from. Surprisingly, given they had no sexual feelings, Fentryn and Evntryn
played with her tits. Perhaps this was more because none of them had such
appendages and hers were large and pliable.

It seemed they had just one hour break for lunch, then it was back to work
again. First she just had to use the loo but instead of being allowed back into
the satyrs area she was directed to the tryns toilet block. It was much the same
except there were no urinal. The tryns had a small pee hole between their legs
and had to sit the same as women.

For the afternoon, Lyntryn took her to the foyer area and they swept the floor
clean. It was colder there and Naomi shivered a little but the effort of
sweeping kept her fairly warm. Outside she could hear the waves crashing on the
rocks. She wondered if the sun was shining and then what she would have been
doing had she not been abducted. A playful smack on her arse brought her back to
reality.

Next was the bedroom. No satyr made his own bed and many of the sheets were
soiled so she and Lyntryn changed them. A couple were occupied. Mary was again
being mated but her owner was nearly finished. When he left her, Naomi asked if
they could do her bed. "Of course," Mary replied, "I'll give you a hand. I'm not
all that sore. More tender. How about you?"

As they made the bed and Lyntryn worked on another, they were able to chat like
civilised people for the first time. At the health farm it was more snobbish
chat where each tried to add to her status. Here it was all equal pegging. No
one had any more authority than the other. Miko, Mary's owner came back and saw
she was working and left. He wouldn't need her until his balls filled again.
With Mary's help the beds were soon made and the floor cleaned.

"I would dearly like to make the 'fit bitch' an apple pie bed" remarked Mary,
"But we'd all suffer. Freo isn't very good tempered and nor is she."

"What is apple pie bed?" Lyntryn asked

"You fold the sheets halfway down" Mary answered. Lyntryn seemed to think for a
moment and then laughed. "I think I do it to Evntryn tonight!"

It was the toilet block's turn next. Mary stayed with them but they noted she
declined to help clean any of the pans although she did help to wash the floors.
Jenny came in walking like a woman in her nineties. "Did Zeik put salve on you?"
asked Naomi.

"Yes, but barely. And he did it as roughly as he could. I didn't ask to be
brought here and now I keep being punished for something that isn't my fault.
All I want to do is to go back to my children." She broke down at the thought
and started sobbing yet again.

"Me too," said Mary "I have a young baby and he won't know me if I am away for a
year." Tears came to her eyes too.

Kerch came in. He'd been on an exercise flight and was sweating profusely.
Grabbing Naomi he ordered her to shower with him. She was glad she was able to
shower too as the days activities had left her grubby. Of course the close
proximity and the stimulation of Naomi's washing gave Kercher a full erection.
Without waiting to dry he carried her to the bedside cupboard and entered her
doggy style and without ceremony. Fortunately the play in the shower had made
Naomi horny too so she was able to take him without too much trouble. After five
minutes or so of heavy fucking, Kercher pulled out for a few seconds and Naomi
rolled on to her back and opened her legs for him. She preferred it when she
could see what was happening. Kerch grunted and entered her again. Naomi sat up
a little and watched the large cock as it slid in and out of her cunt. Soreness
was giving way to pleasure and she began thrusting her hips to me the oncoming
cock. Reaching out, Kercher grabbed Naomi tits and squeezed and manipulated them
until she was moaning with ecstasy. She climaxed twice before Kerch shot his
load deep in side her.

"That's how you should do it bitch." Freo's remark to Margot brought Naomi back
to reality. "My God," she thought, "I've been putting on another exhibition."
Her whole body went beetroot red but inside her she felt satisfied. Never before
had sex seemed so good.

Kerch sent her back to Lyntryn to continue her duties. Again she was made to
serve the others at dinner time. Fit bitch started to make snide comments but
Freo picked her up and with, "When you learn to perform like she does and earn
your dinner then you can eat." Freo took her through to the bedroom and shortly
the sound of a hard spanking mingled with cries of "No! No more! Please, no
more!" Soon only sobbing could be heard and when Freo returned to the table, the
continued conversation drowned the sounds from the bedroom.

******

"Morning Kercher, Morning Naomi." Aisha greeted the early risers. "Did you sleep
better?"

"Yes Sir, thank you."

"Perhaps we will have to make you do all the work again then," Aisha remarked.
For a moment Naomi looked worried. It had been hard work although she hadn't
minded too much and there hand been compensations especially with the tryns whom
she had come to know and like. Then she saw the smile on Aisha's face. In the
few hours she had been with them she had learned that there was humour behind
the stern exterior of the satyrs, more in some than others.

"Sir?" she asked tentatively, "Would it be possible for me to go with Kercher
when he goes out flying later please? I did a lot of work yesterday and an hour
or so off in the fresh air would do me good. Mum's to be should get plenty of
fresh air."

Aisha looked at her quizzically. "The wind is strong today and you would
probably get pneumonia so that wouldn't be very healthy for a young lady."

"There are warm army combat suits in the tryns store room that I could wear. I
wouldn't catch cold."

"What do you think young Kercher? Do you want to have this heavy weight on your
back?" Naomi was surprised that he was even considering it. She had asked
without any real hope of it being granted.

"Well Sir, I don't mind the extra weight, it might help build my muscles more
and the wind has dropped a lot since yesterday. Perhaps we ought to be ready in
case we have to move from here."

"If we let Naomi go, then the others will want to too. Some might want to make a
suicide attempt. We do want them to go the full term with their babies and we
don't yet know how many natural miscarriages will occur."

"Sir, I am sure these are all things that can be resolved. The main thing to get
healthy babies is to have healthy mothers and keeping them cooped up underground
isn't conducive to good health. Please let me go out with Kercher for a while. I
promise I'll make up the work time." Naomi pleaded her case further.

Aisha appeared to consider for a while before answering, "Go and see Quetryn and
get kitted out."

"Thank you, thank you, Sir." Naomi jumped up and gave the old satyr a kiss which
startled and yet pleased the old one.

Naomi appeared at breakfast wearing her camouflaged army combat suit. It was
produced for cold weather conditions so the base personnel could go out in any
weather. She had also found a pair of boots and a beret that fitted at least the
boots fitted if she wore two pairs of thick socks. It was really far too hot to
wear inside the chamber but it seemed to give her status and she was showing
off. It made the others more conscious of their nudity.

Her dress elicited comments from some of the group but most were either
concerned for their own welfare or said jokingly. "Are we all going to have
combat training now?" "Are you on outside fatigues today?" "Where are your
sergeant's stripes?" Lyntryn heard the last remark and came back a few minutes
later with a pair of stripes which he pinned to her arm, much to the amusement
of the others. Throughout the questioning, Naomi never revealed the real reason
for her wearing the suit. Her companions just assumed she was going to be made
to work outside.

By the time breakfast was over, Naomi almost regretted wearing the suit. She was
sweating profusely. "Tomorrow," she thought, "I'll put it on just before we
leave."

Kerch stepped through the daughter door set into the main entrance on to the
narrow ledge. For a moment, Naomi almost panicked as she looked down at the
rocks and seas breaking far below but then Kercher jumped, spread his wings and
they were airborne. Immediately he worked the updraft by the cliff face and rose
high in the air. Higher and higher he rose until Naomi could see the island
group laid out like a map below her. She was thrilled and pleased. "Where can we
go?" she shouted in Kercher's ear as the wind whistled through her hair.

"We have to keep away from people so we must fly mainly over the sea."

Naomi marvelled at how little Kercher flapped his wings as they circled and
soared. She estimated they had circled southwards and then eastwards back
towards land. In the distance she could just make out the long straggling
coastline of the Outer Hebrides. Kercher's sight was much better and he not only
saw the individual places and boats, he saw the people on them. All too soon it
seemed to Naomi, the St. Kilda group came in sight again and they swooped down
and around Hirta to land on the precarious platform at the entrance to the
chamber. Immediately a door opened to admit them. "Someone must be on watch,"
she thought.

Kercher carried her back into the lounge where she jumped off and in front of
the others, gave him a kiss and said "Thank you. It was really great."

"Where have you been?" enquired several of the girls. "Oh around and about over
the sea. Kerch needs some training flights to be able to carry heavier weights."

"You certainly qualify for the weight," laughed one.

"Do you know where we are?" asked another.

"Yep, about 40 miles from the Outer Hebrides. Way out in the Atlantic. You might
have seen that when you were carried in."

"Kept my eyes closed! Did you see any rescue boats?"

"No, nothing. Only a fishing boat and that was a long way off. Now I'd better
find Lyntryn and see what he wants me to do."

She was sent to clean Aisha's room and was there when the reports of a fishing
boat snooping outside the entrance came in. "They are looking at the entrance
very closely with binoculars Sir," the tryn told him. "Come with me Naomi and
see if you recognise any of the people."

Aisha led the way to a small room above the entrance. A long slit which from the
outside looked like a seam in the rock, gave them a good view of the area
outside. "I think the man with the camera is a reporter with the Inverness Echo.
Met him once at a function and have seen his picture in the paper a number of
times. Marshall something or other."

"That's bad news. If he knows or guesses we are here, it won't be long before
the whole pack are on to us." Aisha muttered. "They can't get in now but if the
wind continues to die and the sea calms, then they might just try and get up
here," he continued. "Keep a good watch Myatryn and let me know if anything
happens."




Chapter 6. Lesley captured

That evening the crew launched the inflatable and Ross took his passengers
ashore to visit the bird warden. He hadn't seen anything really unusual but
there were times when things greatly disturbed the seabirds, things which he
couldn't account for. Two mornings ago there was a great commotion on the rocks
with nearly all the birds in the air for half an hour or so. He had looked but
by the time he had climbed the hill that overlooked the other side of the
island, things had settled down. Once or twice he had seen what had appeared to
be a large eagle but always they were very distant and he couldn't see properly.
"Is all this to do with the birdmen they are talking about on the radio?" he
asked. There seemed no point in denying it but he was made to swear not to
divulge the information otherwise the lives of the girls could be at risk.

Back on the boat they discussed various plans of action. They had only
superficial evidence the birdmen were on Soay but it did seem highly probable.
If they were there how would they rescue the girls? They realised they couldn't
do that on their own. The navy might need to get involved. Lesley reported to
the station without giving too much away.

Bedtime came. Ross said, I'll go to the crews quarters again and you can sort
out who sleeps with who and where. Unless of course one of you ladies wants to
share my bunk?" Nicola snubbed her boss by saying the arrangements they had last
night would be fine by her. She had become quite close to the young reporter and
had enjoyed the fuck last night. "In that case skipper, yes, I will share your
bunk." She said it in a tone that reproved Nicola for the decision. However, to
her surprise, Ross was a gentle lover and took a long time in foreplay before
inserting his manhood into her. Its length and girth also surprised her. She had
had a fair share of cocks in her short career, mainly for gaining enhancement
but this was the biggest so far. And it wasn't a three pokes ejaculate affair.
Ross performed for nearly twenty minutes during which Lesley came three times.
It was her best fuck ever. "Good job I'm on the pill," she thought. Around dawn
she was awakened by Ross massaging her clit. Seeing she was now awake, he took
her again.

Nic also told her partner she was on the pill so there was no need for him to
withdraw like he did last night.

Next morning the sea was calmer and Hin was able to get on the rocks below the
entrance but he only made it a few feet above water level before the sheer rock
forced him to slide back into the cold water. Ross dragged him aboard and Nic
helped down into the cabin to take off his wet things.

Whoosh!!! Zeik swooped down and without hardly a pause lifted Lesley from the
deck. Nicola rushed to her aid but was too late. However she did have the
presence of mind to grab Hin's digital camera he had left in the cockpit before
his rock climbing attempt and took several pictures before the door closed
again. The crew, Ross, Hin and Nic all stared unbelievingly horrified at what
they had witnessed. Nic and Hin both took out their mobiles phones and informed
their offices. Hin quickly downloaded the pictures into his lap top and sent
them to his office and at Nicola's insistence sent them to her office as well.
Lesley had her phone fastened to her belt when she was taken. "What do we do
now?" Nicola asked Mark. Mark put Charles Kingston on and she had to repeat the
whole story. As she did so, the door in the wall opened again and out flew Zeik
with Jenny in his arms. Nic darted below and shut the door but watched through
the ventilation grill. She need not have worried. All Zeik did was to dump the
girl and return. Hin got some more pictures of Zeik and the naked girl. Ross got
the girl below and Nic continued relaying messages to her boss as they were able
to get them from the beaten girl.

"She's been severely whipped Guv. but otherwise she seems okay. Her name is
Jenny Duval and she is one of them from the health farm. She says they are
called satyrs and they wanted the women to breed from them. She was no good
because she'd had a hysterectomy. The birdman who brought her back is called
Zeik and he just raped her. He's now swapped her for Lesley." Hin was also
relaying this to his editor. It was going to be a world wide scoop for him.

Charles Kinston put down the phone and called Air Sea Rescue to send a chopper
for Jenny, then the Home Office to make arrangements for a naval contingent to
help release the hostages, for that is how it now seemed to him. He also
arranged for another helicopter to take him and a trained negotiator to the
scene.

*****

Inside the chamber, there was a certain amount of confusion. Some inmates
thought they would be rescued. Others realised it was just an exchange. Naomi
sort out Aisha. "You realise she is a policewoman and if you harm her there will
be hell to pay? More so than us plain women."

"She is a woman also. Zeik can breed with her while he still has the chance."

"What will happen when they send in the ships and the big guns? What will become
of you then?" There were tears in her eyes as she spoke.

"We have contingency plans," was all he would say, "We need a couple of days.
Now go back to the others."

A loud scream told her where the others were. Lesley, now naked was strapped to
the bedside table and was being entered by Zeik. He was in a better humour now.
This time he would breed the bitch. And he would keep breeding her for as long
as it took for her to produce a daughter for him. It didn't matter in the least
that his cock would hurt her. All that mattered was that he should get it in as
far as possible to put his sperm where it was most likely to fertilize her egg.
Other girls in the group just watched. They had been through it and any that
tried to help were restrained by their owners.

A little blood mingled with the sperm that dribbled from her vagina when he
finished. Zeik left her strapped down. Naomi went to her. "Let me wash her face
Zeik. You have done all you can for now. Your seed has to do its job inside her.
We can clean the outside and comfort her a little without harming that." Zeik
nodded. He certainly was in a much better mood now.

"Hi, I'm Naomi."

"Detective inspector Lesley Watts."

"Well I guess you'll just be plain Lesley or Les, here. As you can see we don't
have much to indicate rank or status here." Mary brought a bowl of warm water
and a cloth. "Do you know why you're here?"

He said something about breeding and the other girl not being able to. She
looked as if she had been beaten."

"She had. We all have but no where near as bad. As long as you do as they say
and open your legs when they want you'll be okay. Yeah, I know its painful but
these girls can tell you, to resist is even worse. The satyrs have big cocks but
they also have very strong arms and a hand spanking is as bad as a hard
strapping by a man. How did you find us?"

"Various sightings of you on route led us here. Then local knowledge told of the
cavern."

"I s'pose all hell will be let loose now to rescue us."

"No idea. I had just got through to my office when I was snatched but I guess
they will get the navy boys in on it but the nearest ship is near Iceland."

"C'mon Ladies, back to work now." Lyntryn broke up the gathering. Naomi though
went to Aisha.

"Aisha, can I have a word please?"

"What is it now?" Aisha was edgy and grumpy.

"You may have a little time. The nearest naval vessel is near Iceland, perhaps
two days away? We may be able to get more time by negotiating with them and it
may be a good gesture if we start by talking to those on the fishing boat and
trying to find out what is happening." Aisha grunted, then nodded. "What if I
went on Kercher and spoke with them?"

"Why don't I send Kercher on his own?"

"Because they are shit scared of the satyrs and will not trust him at all. It
may take them a while to trust me. Is the boat still there?"

"Yes, but they have moved to about half a mile off. They have been using their
phones a lot so I guess others will soon come."

Aisha stood still and appeared to think. He always did this when a decision was
needed. Naomi waited. "Get dressed and get young Kercher."

The others half worked as they watched Naomi don her combat suit. Margot was her
usual sceptical self. "I suppose you've found an escape route and are leaving us
to whatever fate that they deal us?"

"Bitch, if you don't watch your tongue, you will deserve all you get. As far as
I can tell no one wants to kill us but if there is a battle and the navy boys
let loose with their big guns or the SAS try and storm the place, we could all
be killed. I am going to try and get some concessions for our freedom and our
lives and that includes your miserable life. I will be back and will face
whatever comes with everyone else."

Margot and some of the others didn't really believe her but kept quiet. Kerch
appeared. "Ready?"

They took off in full view of the boat and under Naomi's instructions, slowly
circled the boat. Each time she had the opportunity she waved to them. Kerch
tried to hover but with little wind he was unable to hold a position. "Kerch,
will you trust me enough to put me on the boat and then pick me up later." Kerch
agreed only after asking if she thought she would be alright. "When I stand up
and put my arms out, come and get me, fast!"

Rounding the stern of the boat, Kerch came in fast and then braked with a sudden
flapping of his wings. As soon as his feet hit the deck, Naomi slid from his
back and Kerch took off again but remained flying in tight circles around the
craft.

Naomi sat on the stern rail and introduced herself. "Please don't come too
close," she said, "Otherwise I will be snatched back before we have time to
talk." The others introduced themselves too. "How is Lesley?" asked Nicola.

"Very sore and traumatised. She was bred immediately she arrived."

"You mean she was raped?"

"Yes, we all have been. Many times now. And you may have noticed how large they
are. It is a painful experience. But I am a large girl as you can see and was
able to cope better than most and my owner treated me more kindly than the
others. Now I would guess, we are getting into a siege situation so I have been
nominated to act as a link between the satyrs and you. We don't want bloodshed
and I am certain you don't. The satyrs may have done wrong in our eyes but all
they really wanted was some female satyrs to carry on their line and for that to
happen they needed female humans. Unfortunately they didn't go about it in the
best of ways and will now be condemned as kidnappers and rapists. Anyway, I am
your link and you should be able to contact me on Lesley's mobile when they
allow it to be switched on."

"Could you not have prevented the rape?" Nicola asked.

"No. They are stronger than us and have the tryns to back them up."

"What are the tryns?" Naomi had forgotten they didn't know about them.

"Workers. Powerfull creatures but sexless."

Jenny appeared at the hatchway. "Naomi! You got away too!"

"No, Jenny, I have to go back."

"But you could come down the hatch and your owner couldn't get you."

"No, I have to go back. I seem to be the only one both sides trust at least to
some extent."

Hin got up and tried to close the distance between him and Naomi but she
insisted he remain where he was. He took photos and every so often downloaded
them into his laptop.

Hin and Nic questioned her as to what had happened in the last few days and were
horrified by what she told them. "Is Lesley going to get the same treatment?"

"I guess so, unless you have a way of rescuing her quickly." The group chatted
about what might happen for a while longer until they heard the helicopter
approach. Naomi stood with her arms outstretched and in seconds, Kerch had swept
her into the air. They watched as Jenny, now wrapped in a blanket was winched
into the chopper and taken away.

Few expected her to return. Back in the chamber she was questioned by everyone
including the satyrs, as to what happened and when they were likely to be
rescued. "Looks as if you could be here for at least two days and then there may
be a siege that could last any length of time," was the only honest reply she
could give.




Chapter 7. Negotiation

Charles Kingston arrived an hour later and spent some time being briefed on the
fishing boat by Nicola and Hin. He tried to stop Hin sending reports to the
paper which in turn was relayed to the world's media but the request was
refused. "If it wasn't for us you would still be looking," Nic reminded Charles.
A light aircraft circled the islands obviously taking photographs and films. It
was soon joined by two others and a helicopter. It was all going to be a very
public event.

Naomi went to Aisha. "We need to know how long we could last here if they cut
off all contact with the outside world." She tried to find out what he was
likely to do but all he would say was they needed at least two days. "Have we
supplies of food and water to last us for a while?"

"We should have enough food for a while and water is not a problem. Ask Quetryn
about the food. Quetryn said they had food enough for a fortnight but it would
all be frozen and tinned stuff but they would survive.

A fishery protection vessel the "Northsealander" arrived late that day. It was
armed with one small gun but the real reason for its presence was for a base for
negotiators. Naomi called Nicola on Lesley's mobile phone to find out why the
ship was there. "They are going to fly in trained negotiators and some big-wigs
to get the girls released."

"Nic, I will only negotiate with you and Hin. I know you two. Will you agree to
stay and talk with me - us?"

"You'd be better talking to the top brass, not a lowly detective and a half bit
reporter. Ouch! Hin Stop it!."

"Sounds as if you are having problems with Hin."

"Yeah. Guess he didn't like being called a half bit reporter. He says he will
deal with me later. Why not deal direct with the people who have the authority
to make the decisions?"

"No. I'd rather talk with or through you. I don't trust the big wigs. They say
one thing and mean another. You and Hin are down to earth working people. I will
deal with you two. You will have to deal with Aisha, through me."

"I think they'll want to set up a radio link so we can talk better than on the
mobile."

"That should be okay. I'll have to get Aisha's agreement first though. Guess
that way they can record everything. Let me know when your ready. I'll leave
this phone on for the time being but I will block all calls except from your
number."

Nothing appeared to happen for the rest of the day. Other aircraft came and left
as did several helicopters. People were lowered on to the fishing vessel and Nic
informed them the negotiators had arrived and wanted the IT bods wanted to send
over a special radio video link.

"We'll see to that in the morning. I don't know about the video. All the girls
are kept naked and are fucked anytime anywhere so we wouldn't want that on show
to the world."

"Has Lesley been ..."

"Raped again? Yes, and it looks as if she will be getting a third insemination
any time now."

"You don't seem all that worried. Can't you stop them?"

"Sorry, no. I just have to look at it like this. Being fucked even with a cock
as big as theirs might be painful but it is not life threatening. If I or any of
the others try and stop them, we risk being thrown out of the door on to the
rocks below. All the girls here have been fucked many times now and a few are
beginning to enjoy it. A normal man's cock might not be big enough for them from
now on. Its the very small girls I am sorry for. They still find it extremely
painful. And these satyrs last a lot longer than most men too. Kerch took twenty
minutes when we got back from the boat and I climaxed several times. You could
see if they'll fly in some decent lubrication. "

"Do you usually talk as frankly as this?"

"Not until a few days ago. Now it's no big deal. Are you getting laid by Hin or
the boat crew?"

"Well... I er..er...don't think I should answer that."

"Which means you are. Enjoy your night. Hin, if you are listening in, warm her
bottom for her earlier remark. I'm switching the phone off now. Talk to you in
the morning."

Next morning the radio was transferred to the "Flora McDonald" and Kerch flew
Naomi to collect it. Although the press were kept well away from the area, they
were filmed for various TV companies who flew nearby and used long focus lenses
so the transfer was seen world wide. Various animal protection groups arranged
demonstrations in various capital cities to try and prevent any harm coming to
the satyrs. Their case grew when the world saw how gently and seemingly,
lovingly, Kerch handled and kissed Naomi. Nevertheless the authorities
pressurised by relatives of the captives, still wanted to capture or shoot them.
Afterwards they saw Nicola and Hin transfer to the "Northsealander".

Nic got the IT bods to use her mobile phone to help Naomi set up the radio
stuff. It was actually quite simple using plug in and play technology.

"Hello, Soay. Can you hear me Naomi? This is Harry Forsythe on the
"Northsealander." Come in Naomi" The message was repeated several times.

Naomi pressed the send button. "Hello Harry. Please put Nicola and Hin on."

"Hello, Naomi. Nice to be able to talk with you. Sorry, Nicola and Hinton are
not here. I am your friendly negotiator."

"Liar!" Naomi spat the words into the microphone. "I need to talk with people I
can trust and the first thing you tell me is a lie." Naomi dialed Nicola's
mobile. "Where are you?" she asked.

"In the officer's mess, I think it is, with a glass of rum in front of me. Hin
has one too."

"Don't drink too much then, they are going to want you in the radio room
shortly."

"They told us to stay out of the way. It was like I expected...."

"Yeah. You're a lowly detective and he's a half bit reporter. Well you are
getting a rise in status."

Naomi turned back to the radio. "Hello, Soay. Can you hear me Naomi? This is
Harry...."

"Shut the fuck up Harry. Now get the hell out of there and put Nicola and Hin
on."

"Sorry Naomi. Can't be done."

"Okay Harry, have it your way. Radio is going off until I know the negotiators I
want are in position."

Ten minutes later, Naomi's or rather Lesley's mobile rang. "Hi, Naomi. We're at
the radio now."

"Has that Harry fella gone?"

"No. He's behind me. Think he wants to put a hand up my back and operate my
mouth."

"It's not your mouth he wants to operate. Kick him out and call me on the
radio."

"Hello Naomi, Harry's gone but I have a whole lot of advisors behind me. May
need them to get the info you want."

"Hi, Nic. From what I know of negotiating procedure we first get to know each
other and establish a bond, then we exchange demands and then sort of
compromise. There should be a profiler somewhere to give unhelpful advise. At
least that's what seems to happen in the Cracker series on TV. So would you like
to start the ball rolling and create a profile for me. Oh, that's no good. I'm
only the middle man, you need a profile of the satyrs. Let's just chat and I can
get to know you better."

"Okay but first a phone call, your father's on the line from Dubai."

"Hi Dad. Guess you heard what's happening."

"I heard that my daughter is playing at being a diplomat as well as being a
whore."

"Makes a change from being bored stiff at home. More excitement than the health
farm. And we will see if I learned any of your diplomacy skills. Doubt it. I'm
more the bull in a china shop person."

"Yes, dear. I heard how you treated Harry Forsythe. Are you okay though?"

"Yes, nothing that won't recover given time. Unless the navy boys decide to
torpedo us or something."

They talked for a few more minutes and her father wished her luck in her new
career.

"Wow, you have a diplomat for a father," Nic exclaimed when she came back on,
"Bet you went to the best schools and had everything you wanted."

"Yep, everything but a father and mother that were at home." For the next half
hour the conversation was on trivia but they did get to know each other better.
Hin was brought into the conversation several times. Charles Kingston tried to
get Nicola to push for details of how many people were in the place but Naomi
said to tell him that came later in the timetable.

"Perhaps we should start getting down to business now," Naomi suggested, "Can
you ask your navy bod where his reinforcements ship is now?"

"He says it's just left Iceland."

"Is he sure of that? If that is the case, it's a couple of days before the big
gun boat comes."

"Yes. He has confirmed the ship just left Iceland. Says he's tracking it on his
laptop."

"Oh dear Nic. You just can't get the staff these days can you? An admiral who
doesn't know where his fleet is. Tell him the "Deadnought" is steaming South
East by South and is at a latitude of about 61 degrees North. Should be here by
tomorrow. Sorry Nic. I wanted to test out the information your staff were giving
you."

"Sorry Naomi, that is what he told me. Can we talk about the satyrs please?
Where did they come from and where have they been until now?"

"The first satyrs were created by genetic engineering, manipulating genes and
DNA from humans, condors and ponies. Is that right Aisha?" The old satyr nodded
and then took up the story.

"The first ones died fairly soon after birth. I was the first survivor. That was
thirty years ago. I cannot tell you where we lived or where we were born. That's
still secret. After their success with me and improvements in computer design,
they created others. Each time they tweaked the design a little so each satyr is
different. Rather like humans. Naomi's owner is Kercher and he is the youngest.
However all the satyrs created were males. The doctor who does the genetic
engineering is now too old to reprogramme the whole thing to make fertile
females. It was a major undertaking. So we tried mating with a human woman but
the offspring was still born and a male. The doctor thought there could be other
factors involved and not just a difference in satyr human make up that account
for the still born child so decided we needed to try and fertilize a whole group
of females.

We heard of this island and came here eighteen months ago. Last Monday week one
of our group saw the girls exercising on the lawn of the health farm. He checked
on Tuesday and they were there again. On Wednesday they did the raid. Is was a
spur of the moment thing. Not really planned. Seeing all those women who could
be bred, gave them the idea. We could breed them all at one go and have a more
scientific study. However, it hasn't all gone the way we expected."

"Wow!," Nicola exclaimed, "It was because the fit bitch had you outside on the
lawns that caused you to get randy enough to abduct and rape a dozen girls."

Charles Kingston butted in. "It was a brutal rape Naomi, don't forget that and
we are still not sure if the others are even alive or even if my detective
inspector is. How do we know the others are there?"

"Do you want me to bring them to the mike? No. I have a better idea. Send Hin
over with a video camera for a few hours. Would you come if they let you Hin?"
Hin agreed provided the film could be relayed directly back to his head office
as well as to the ship. Top brass demurred at this and wanted to send one of
their group. Naomi point blank refused. "Send Hin or no one. We are not afraid
to have our pictures broadcast provided Hin remembers we're all naked and will
have to be careful where he points the camera and if any of the girls are too
shy to show themselves, then he only films her face. By the way Hin, once you
enter here you must be clothed as we are!"

Another voice butted in. "I'm Fredrick Myers. Is my daughter Sandra there?"

"First of all Myers. I deal only with Nicola and Hin. If you have a question,
ask it through them. I would suggest to whoever is in charge over there, they
clear the room of all unnecessary people so we can conduct our business
properly. There are only two of us in this room, you should have the same
disciplinary code."

Nicola asked the question for him and was told she was there. "Maybe we'll let
him see his daughter shortly," she added.

In the end they agreed that Hin could come over. "Right then Hin, bring a
lightish camera, not one of those huge BBC things and hang it round your neck.
Go to the clear space on the after deck and stand with your arms out as you saw
me do on the fishing boat. We also need to ensure the satyr that is to carry you
is not shot at before he gets to the ship, therefore a second satyr will hover
above the rocks just a little offshore from the entrance. That satyr will hold
Sandra in his arms and if anything happens to the other satyr he will let Sandra
fall. We don't want that to happen but we don't want any of our satyrs hurt
either. That way Fred will get to see his daughter although it will have to be
through binoculars. Nicola, does Charles understand the conditions?"

"He says yes. Look after Hin for me won't you. Don't do anything I wouldn't do!"

The transfer was made without a hitch. Sandra was held completely unclothed so
she was fully exposed not only to her father's gaze but to all the others with
binoculars and the cameras of the news media. There was no doubt she was alive
as she squealed and struggled as she tried to hide her breasts and pubic area.
Shortly afterwards a naked and blushing Hin was introduced to the satyrs, tryns
and girls.

"Aisha, would you mind if I explained what is happening to everyone?" On
receiving a nod of assent, Naomi introduced Hin and described what was going on
both outside and inside the chamber.

"Why can't you just arrange for us to be transferred to the ship straight-away?"
Sandra asked, "It's going to happen sooner or later."

"Sandra, the satyrs won't give you up that easily. You are their protection.
With no girls here the navy boys could just blast their way in and kill
everything in sight. You might want that, others here wouldn't want all that
killing on their conscience. As far as I know, we are totally unarmed in here.
The only defense they have is you and the other girls."

"But it means we will still be raped for days yet."

"I will see what I can do about that too but no promises. As I am sure Lesley
will tell you, negotiations like this can go on for a long time." Lesley pointed
out the one thing the authorities had on their side was time. Time for food to
run out, time for friction to develop.

Hin was shown around by Mary and the pictures were transmitted directly to the
"Northsealander" and on to Hin's head office in London. From there they were
sent to news servers world wide with jiggly squares over the parts they didn't
want moralistic members of the public to see. Mary showed him the bedroom where
the rapes took place, the toilet and shower areas and the dining room. Hin tried
to interview all the girls to show they were alive and well. He had lunch with
them and was taken back later in the afternoon.

Naomi remained by the radio and chatted with Nic. She tried to answer questions
from her concerning the welfare of the girls as their pictures came on screen.
Nic and Charles were particularly concerned for Lesley's welfare.

Nothing very much happened for the next three days. They saw the "Dreadnought"
circle the island several times. Communication was kept up and Naomi was able to
get some relaxation of the raping regime. The girls were only forced to have sex
once a day. The exception was Lesley. Zeik refused saying she had not been bred
like the others and needed plenty of sperm inside her. It was noticeable that
she could take his cock better now and was not suffering as much. The vaginal
lubricants Hin brought also helped.

Barbara, one of the younger and smaller girls, though was sick each morning and
was becoming paler each day. Naomi argued with Aisha to release her and finally
seeing she was getting worse, agreed. She was wrapped in a blanket and taken to
the "Flora McDonald" where there was less likelihood of surprise capture. Naomi
herself acted as hostage during the transfer, Kerch held her several hundred
feet above the rocks. While she had every confidence in Kerch, she found it an
unnerving experience especially as she knew the eyes of the world were on her.

On the fourth night the tryn watchers alerted them to activities going on
outside. It was later learned they were from the SAS and had planned a
surveillance operation prior to a stun blast attack. Using special equipment the
leader was trying to scale the rock face below the entrance and had nearly
reached the ledge when he lost his hold and fell and clung precariously to the
remains of one of the old steps. It looked like he could fall to his death at
any time and blood was seeping from wounds in his leg and possibly elsewhere.
Naomi was on the radio immediately. "Put your lights on the cliff and withdraw
the rest of the crew from below and I will arrange for the injured man to be
rescued."

"We'll arrange for a chopper to do the rescue," came the reply.

"Are you that stupid! The down draft would have him off the ledge before you can
get near. For once we have the facilities you don't. Your man could die if you
don't let us handle this. Just put the lights on and withdraw the others."

The rest of the crew were reluctant to go but stood a little way off in their
inflatable. Naomi picked up the megaphone and climbed on Kercher's back. She had
just risen from her bed and shivered in the cold night air. Searchlights came on
and illuminated her and the cliff. Directing Rial, who was Barbara's owner until
she went to the ship, she had the injured man carefully picked from the ledge
and moved flown directly to the "Northsealander." She flew alongside and
supervised the lowering of the man on to the deck.

Next morning, when communications were again opened, Naomi launched a vigorous
attack on the authorities that sanctioned the SAS raid. Most news broadcasts
condemned it too and the rescue was shown many times around the world. By now
world opinion was rising in favour of the satyrs and Naomi began forcing the
pace of the negotiations. "We will agree to release all the girls that wish to
be released provided the satyrs can stay here as a protected area. They lived
here peacefully for eighteen months before anyone knew of them. It was only
their desire to reproduce that caused this problem and we feel that can now be
resolved." Following the TV and newspaper reports, literally hundreds of girls
wanted to become mates for the satyrs. Naomi wanted to stay, and so did Freida,
a quiet plump girl that had kept to herself the whole time but who hadn't really
done any complaining. Mary was torn. She enjoyed the fucking now but wanted to
see her children. She said, she wouldn't mind spending weekends with the satyrs
but doubted if her husband would agree. She insisted she would allow any baby
that was conceived to go the full term.

The other eight wanted to go back home. Physically they were too small to
accommodate the satyr's weapons and even after all the fucking of the past days
and the lubrication, still found entry painful. It took the satyrs a little
while to realise this but having seen Naomi, Freida and Mary perform with their
partners, gradually came to see that plain fucking wasn't everything and the
soreness their cocks experienced didn't necessarily give them the most pleasure
even if it did inseminate the woman.

On the sixth evening, when neither side seemed to have moved far from their
bargaining position, Aisha came to her. "Naomi, they aren't going to give in are
they?"

"No, I don't think they are."

"Then we are going to have to move out. I can't tell you yet how and please
don't tell the rest of the girls, but by the morning all the tryns will be gone.
Please don't worry that only a few satyrs will be home tonight. Tell the girls
they have gone to a secret meeting."

As Aisha had said, all the tryns had gone and the girls and the satyrs had to
get their own breakfasts. When Naomi opened radio contact Aisha took the
microphone and said he was breaking radio contact because of intransigence on
the part of the authorities to negotiate. He kept the radio on receive but
wouldn't allow any transmissions.

Next morning the only satyrs in the chamber were Kercher and Xenon (Freida's
partner). As usual Kercher was up first and told Naomi to dress in the combat
gear, then wake Frieda and ask if she still wanted to stay with Xenon. She did.
Naomi took her to the clothing store and told her to get dressed.

Naomi woke the rest. "Your ordeal is nearly over ladies. I am going to ask that
Ross be allowed to bring the "Flora McDonald as close as he dare. There is quite
a wind so he will have to stand off a bit. Then Xenon and Kerch will take you to
the boat." Freida appeared dressed in the army suit.

"Hi Nic. Your time as boss lady over there is coming to an end. There are only
two satyrs here now. The rest have gone. When Ross gets close enough we are
going to take the girls to his boat. It will be quicker if we can use both
satyrs and not have one holding a hostage so can you keep your people well back
please. Freida and I are not coming. Our lives have changed and we want the
excitement of flying. They haven't told us our destination so don't ask. It
can't be that far as they took the tryns there and came back in a few hours.
Perhaps our paths will cross again one day."

"How did the satyrs leave? We've had the whole island under surveillance twenty
four hours a day?"

"I honestly don't know, Nic. There must be another way out but they haven't let
me in on it yet."

Margot and Mary went first and the satyrs came back without problem. The next
two were getting ready when the radio crackled into life. "Naomi watch out!
Watch out! They've set a tra...." The radio went dead.

"Bastards!! They can't even let us leave without a double cross." Naomi fumed.
"You heard the radio ladies. We shall have to do it the slow way. One girl gets
held in the air while the other gets to the boat. When it came to the last two
Kerch took one while Xenon took the last. Freida was to wait in view at the
entrance. Xenon was to immediately drop his girl, which was Lesley and make a
swerving flight back to the chamber. Kerch made his drop okay then held Naomi
high above the water. Xenon made it back and Kerch was about to head for it when
there was a the crack of a rifle. One of Ross's crew had been replaced by a
marksman. Kerch shuddered, his right arm went limp and he dropped Naomi. Blood
ran down his arm. Realising what had happened he closed his wings and went into
a stoop and just before she reached the water grabbed her between his legs. He
opened his wings to stop the rapid descent and lifted off and zigzagged his way
to the entrance. Two news channels recorded the whole scene from their aircraft
from different angles.

Naomi's father had just returned when he saw the pictures and used his influence
to get an audience with the Prime Minister. As usual the PM was non committal
but assured him that everything would be done to stop any further bloodshed. For
once he was as good as his word. Immediately he phoned the chief of staff and
told him to suspend all operations against the satyrs.

He then tried to get them to connect him through to Naomi. However, she left the
radio room to tend Kerch's wound. The medical supplies were adequate for most
injuries but not for a bullet wound. Kerch, might be strong but he wouldn't be
able to fly far. Naomi bound it as best she could. Xenon said he could get a
doctor from the ship. Naomi thought her meant the "Dreadnought" "No," he said,
"From the ship we are going to."

Kerch lay down, exhausted. His saving of Naomi and the loss of blood had
depleted his energy supplies. Naomi walked crying bitterly to the radio room.
Nic's voice came through the speaker. "Come in Soay. Do you hear me Naomi." It
was obvious from her voice that she was near to tears also.

"Hello, Nic. Nicky thanks. You're still boss lady then?"

"Oh, Naomi. Am I glad to hear you. How's Kercher?"

"Is this a trick to find out how weak we are?"

"No Naomi, no it isn't. It's just me asking although everyone else can hear. Is
he hurt bad?"

"Bad enough. Needs to have a bullet removed from his arm."

"Look Naomi. Your dad got onto the Prime Minister no less and he himself ordered
all operations against you to cease. He has overruled everyone here. Public
opinion of the forces here is very low and high for Kercher, despite what he and
the others have done. His bravery in saving you has caught the imagination of
the world. When we can get through to the PM again, he wants to talk to you
direct.... Oh hang on, I think they have him on line now. Yes, here he is."

"Naomi, let me begin by saying how sorry I am this has happened. I can only
apologize for the way my staff behaved without my knowledge and authorization."
He's trying to worm his way out of the blame thought Naomi. "Is there anything
we can do to make amends for this tragic event?"

"Of course there is Prime Minister. First of all you can send a team of doctors
over to treat Kercher. Secondly you can sack all those in high places who have
betrayed trusts placed in them and thirdly, you can authorise us to stay on this
island. In return we would agree to live peaceably and not harm any of the
nearby residents."

"I can easily agree to the first request and will contact the "Dreadnought's"
captain immediately. Secondly there will be a high level investigation into the
handling of this whole affair. The third part request I will have to consider
further. Can I contact you directly by mobile phone? The satyrs were pretty
cruel and the locals may not want them nearby. I will have to take advise on
that."

Naomi gave him that Nicola on the fishing protection vessel had Lesley's mobile
phone number as that was the only phone she had here and would give it to him
privately. "Can you get the gun boats to withdraw from here, Prime Minister?
After the doctors have done of course."

"You are a persistent one Naomi! Have you thought of going into politics? Yes, I
have no doubt that can be arranged. Did all of you on the "Northsealander" and
the Dreadnought" hear that?"

Nicola spoke for the "Northsealander", "Yes, sir. We heard it and so did the
rest of the world as we are hooked up live to various news channels."

"Captain Fitzsimmons of the "Dreadnought" here Sir. Yes we heard. Have already
scrambled the ships surgeon and his team but it would be much better if we could
have the patient in our own facilities on the ship."

"Sorry, Captain," Naomi butted in, "There is just too much mistrust to allow
that."

"Perhaps it would be a way to build trust. But we will have a helicopter ready
for take off shortly."

"Naomi, let me once again apologise for what happened. I will have the matter
investigated and dealt with. I will see what else I can do for you and hope
Kercher recovers well. Good bye for now." The Prime minister closed the link.

Captain Fitzsimmons kept his word. The helicopter bearing the surgeon, an
anesthetist and two nurses were lowered and with help from Xenon were able to
get inside. A crate containing all their gear followed. Surgery took place on a
dining table and lasted an hour. Afterwards Kercher's colour began to return but
he slept for most of the night. The doctors team went back to their ship but
left Silvia, a nurse to oversee Kercher's recovery. Freida and Xenon went to
their usual bed Silvia suggested Naomi lay down too and promised to wake her in
a couple of hours so she could get a couple of hours sleep too. Through the
night they changed places at two hourly intervals.

Towards morning, Silvia had just turned in for the second time when Xenon and
Freida started making love. She could hear their passionate groans and coupling
that seemed to go on for ages and ages. For a few minutes they lay still and
then in the dim light she saw Freida go down and take his cock and suck it. Her
bed was only two away from theirs and even though the light wasn't good, she
could make out the enormous size of the still nearly erect penis and marvelled
how a woman could take that inside her. She had of course noticed the cocks on
Xenon and Kerch in their flaccid state but this was the first peep she'd had of
it engorged. Her own body fluids were flowing by then and her horniness
increased until she could no longer keep from rubbing herself. She'd had a
number of the sailors but none were equipped like the satyr. Even the porno
studs in the films the men had, paled alongside it.

When she quietly got up two hours later, she found Naomi inside the bed with her
lover. Both were awake and Naomi were talking quietly. Covered by only a sheet,
Silvia could see that Naomi was masturbating Kerch and was about to return to
bedroom when Naomi looked up and saw her. "Silvia, sorry. I didn't think you
were awake. I didn't want to embarrass you. We've just got used to having sex in
front of everyone. I know you would you like to see a satyr's cock in full view
in all its hardness but would never admit it if I asked so come and examine your
patient." Naomi threw back the bedcovers and continued to wank Kercher's cock.

"I guess the next question you want to ask and don't dare is how a woman can
take that amount of flesh inside her. Well she can. Some like me are big enough
to learn to take it with pleasure although at first it did hurt. The small girls
and women they brought had openings just too small to ever take it with comfort.
If I thought it wouldn't hurt Kerch's arm I would show you but I suppose I've
got an exhibitionist streak in me. Freida wouldn't show you unless she was
forced."

Silvia laughed, "I heard them at it earlier though."

9 a.m. Nic contacted her to say the "Northsealander" had moved and they were no
longer in sight of the island. They tell me we have moved 20 miles north but I
have no means of checking that except to say that when I went on deck, I could
see nothing but sea in any direction. How's Kerch?"

"Sitting up. Had breakfast and like most men, wants to be pampered! How's
Lesley?"

"They flew her back to Inverness in the night as well as the others. She said
she was sore you know where but was otherwise okay. Think they are all going to
have counseling or should that be 'cuntselling' therapy. That was Hin's joke not
mine!"

"Is he still there?"

"Yes, but only until Ross gets to us and then he has to get back."

"Are you alone in the room?"

"Yes, after the PM yesterday, I am able to talk to you freely although I don't
know if it is being recorded. Can't tell what these IT bods do. The tape machine
here isn't running."

"Ask him to come by here before he leaves."

"You keep your hands off him, just because Kercher's invalided doesn't mean you
can snatch my man!"

"No need to worry. He won't even have to undress, unless of course he wants too.
But then Nurse Silvia might get ideas. No, I thought he might want to get a few
pictures of Kerch now he's been patched up. I'll keep my hands off him.
Promise."




Epilogue.

While the Prime Minister didn't formally announce the Soay base could be used by
the satyrs, there was an informal agreement not to pursue them if they returned,
provided they kept their public appearances to the minimum as they had before
the kidnapping affair. He also requested they cover their genitals when near
members of the public. The frigate and the fishery protection vessel both left
the area and didn't return except for routine visits.

Aisha and the others returned a few at a time until by the end of the month all
were back and the colony was running as before. A satyrs web site was
established and hundreds of girls of all nationalities applied to be satyr
mates. Naomi and Freida interviewed the twenty or so that seemed suitable and
eventually each satyr had a partner. Naomi insisted the satyrs no longer 'owned'
their girls. Naomi also insisted the girls use oral contraceptives for the first
two months during which time they would get to know their satyrs and then they
could chose or agree on a partner. It was rather like a courting period where no
girl belonged to any one satyr.

Within a week, Kerch was flying again and Freida and she enjoyed being in the
air together. She kept in touch with Nic and Hin. Nic had moved in with him and
were living together. Towards the end of September, there occurred an incident
which enhanced the public's tolerance of the satyr colony. Nic called Naomi from
work, something which she never did because the hierarchy frowned on the
contact.

"Hi Naomi, this is Nic. Sorry this is not a social chat. A seven year old boy is
being blown out to sea on a Lilo from Howmore in South Uist. Do you know it."

"Yes, Lovely long white beaches. Few tourists."

"Good. It seems the boy was lying on the air bed when his mother wanted to pee.
She went over the dunes but by the time she got back, the boy had decided to put
to sea and was some way off. And there is a strong off shore wind. She ran to
the nearest croft and phoned for help. The nearest lifeboat is at Castlebay and
is on its way but it will take some time and it could be dark before they really
begin to search. The air sea rescue chopper has an engine problem which will
take at least an hour to fix."

"Where's the woman?"

"On the beach."

"I'll see what I can do."

Naomi mustered six of the satyrs, four with riders. By now each satyr and its
rider were equipped with radio contact head phones and led by Naomi on Kercher,
they flew in formation to the beach at Howmore. A small crowd had gathered and a
boat with an outboard motor was setting off from the beach. While the others
circled Naomi landed and spoke to the mother. "Hi," she greeted the woman who
didn't seem to want to get close. "There's nothing to be afraid of. We are here
to help find your son."

"Will they ....?"

"No. They won't rape or abduct you. They all have their own women now. "How long
ago did this happen?"

"About an hour." The woman was now in tears.

"What's the boy's name and what is he wearing and what colour is the air bed?"

"Mark. Only red trunks and the Lilo was blue."

"Would you like to come with us on the search?"

Hesitatingly the woman said yes. It was obvious she was still very unsure of the
satyrs. Naomi called Zeik down and assisted the woman, who she now found was
called Daphne, on to Zeik's back and fitted her with Zeik's headset. "You'll
have to relay the instructions to him now and you will be able to hear what is
going on."

The six formed, gained height and Kercher headed due west, two others headed at
15 degree intervals to the south of her and the other three at similar intervals
to the north.

"Daphne can you hear me?" On receiving confirmation, she went on, "Are you
okay?" Again it was hesitatingly confirmed. "Don't worry, the first flight is
always a bit scary. We are gaining height at the moment because the eyes of the
satyrs are 200 times better than ours and they can scan the area better from
higher up. The light won't last too long so we need to find him quickly."

Ten minutes later, Xenon called he had sighted the boy and was going down. Xenon
was two satyrs to the north of Naomi and once the sighting was confirmed all the
others converged. "Careful not to panic the boy, Xenon. Freida make him descend
slowly and wave to the boy."

It all went well and Xenon scooped up Mark and cuddled the cold boy to his
chest.

"Daphne, we'll fly to Castlebay and get Mark checked out at the hospital. Tell
Zeik to follow Freida and me. Thank you everyone. The rest of you can return
home. We don't want to frighten the Barra folk too much. One of you let the boat
people know."

Naomi and the others landed in front of the casualty department, much to the
surprise of the staff but they soon had the boy and his mother inside. As usual
the press got hold of the story although they were too late to film the rescue.
An amateur photographer took pictures of the arrival and made a little from
selling the pictures.

The press elevated the rescue from mere routine to a daring epic and this helped
to lift the profile of the satyrs. In the coming months they assisted with
several rescues from boats at sea when the other services weren't able get to
the scene quickly enough.

Nine months after the abduction and within days of each other Freida and Naomi
gave birth on Soay to satyr boys. Both were disappointed. A week later Mary did
the same. All three survived. There were huge arguments over Mary's baby because
the delivery was done in a local hospital, whether or not she should be allowed
to keep the baby satyr. In the end she was. However her husband refused to even
acknowledge the child and this led to a divorce in which he was given custody of
the other children. Mary returned to Soay and visited her children whenever she
could. Margot had her conception terminated and most of the others hadn't been
off the contraceptive pill long enough to conceive. Aisha and Doctor Bernhart
Reisener considered that perhaps the way the satyr genes were arranged it could
be they would never produce girls. Still if they had a supply of willing human
girls would that matter?

Despite the births, the colony on Soay only increased in size to 20 adult
satyrs. Several of the original members left for other bases where the weather
was less inclement. Many of their mates came from warmer climes and this may
have influenced their decisions.

Freida and Naomi became staunch friends and seemed like the mother figures in
the colony, although some of the 'wives' were older than they were.



And they all lived happily ever after???



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





