BDSM Library - Nanny Me




Nanny Me
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Evil twins plan to enslave the female members of their family and anybody else that fall in the way of their twisted pervertion.
Another story from PAGAN.


              Nanny Me.


The sun glinted on the pool,around it the family lazed in the afternoon
sunshine,the two boy`s giggled making stupid remarks all with sexual
overtones.The girl lay on her back,her full bathing costume covered a teenage
girls full young ample body.The woman must have been their mother but her figer
and striking features made her look younger.A tall women every bit of her looked
perfect from her full auburn hair to her red painted toe nails she was elegants
personified.Her name was Nancy Dorstain,married to Frederick a very wealthy
Swiss business man,he lived most of the time in their Zurich home where, but
Nancy thought  the family would do better in the States so he bought a house
there too.The twin`s,Troy and Frances,heirs to the vast fortune, were in the
academy that is if they had not been suspended for their usual stupidity,which
is why they were home now and Monica a beauty like her mother but unfortunately
very backward caused by a bad birth,lack of oxygen and some trouble in the womb
which has now made Nancy infertile but caused Monica to have the mind of a
child,inspight of that the whole family where part of the beautiful people
set.Nancy allways took a great deal of pride in her body,her own pool and a gym
full of the best equipment with tanning machine kept her in tip top shape.Her
being tall and her husband well built made the boys big and powerful for their
age which they used with scheming brilliance, they knew they could do what they
pleased with out to much trouble from mother.Nancy had her own problems,she had
to go to Zurich once a month for money and whatever else she needed,Frederick
had her to heel ever since she had a little affair with her private instructor
and some-one told him,there was hell,he swore never to touch her again and if
she wanted to stay with her family she had to sign over everything,she did,
because something else had happened,something dreadful and she did not want him
to know about that trouble was some-one else did,a letter had been sent to
her,she did`nt know who,but she had to keep quite so now nothing was hers,if she
stepped out of line she would be out penniless,the boy`s will get it all,mind
you it wasn`t all roses for them they were`nt allowed dates because of his fear
of gold-digging girls who may get themselves pregnant just to get the
money,which left them a little frustrated,he may have been 1000`s of miles away
but he was the law, the boss and she liked her safe rich life,anything money
could buy was nice beside`s, she always had a vibrator.

The boy`s were quizzing Nancy about the new Nanny that was arriving,she was
telling them about her,she had good references, will look after Monica well and
be on hand when she has to go and see their father,all the time she was thinking
why they had to have a new Nanny and how close she had come to a
catastrophe.Rosa had been with them for two years,ever since her little
instuctor problem,but had started to drink,Nancy blamed herself for not seeing
it coming but it did.One day she had to go out unexpectedly, Rosa had been
drinking,it was a hot day,the heat, the drink, put her in to a deep sleep.Monica
was playing in the garden in her sun suit,which made her look sexier then ever
when a tramp came to the garden gate looking for a hand out,he called Monica
over,"Hello young lady is anyone home?"Monica told him only Rosa, who was fast
asleep should she fetch her,he could tell straight away she was not the sharpest
knife in the draw and stopped her,"No,no don`t bother her,you can help me,I`ve
come to value your mothers jewellery,I bet a clever girl like you could show  me
to your mothers bedroom",Monica undid the gate and took him in the house and up
to Nancy`s room, as she walked up the stairs the tramp admired the pink panties
under Monica`s short skirt,he eyed the young beauty up and down,"We have to play
a game,would you mind getting me some scarves and a small clean hankie",a game,
that really excited Monica and she quickly got what he wanted.

He had her stand in the middle of the room,"You live here with your mummy and
daddy?"she said,"No with my mummy and brothers`,daddy lives a long way away,"he
smiled,"Put your hands behind you and tell me about your mummy",Monica put her
hands behind her and started to tell him,she was a little surprised as he tied
her hands behind her with a scarf,the smile never left his face,"It`s all
right,it`s part of the game,carry on,"she talked about her mother as he pulled
the scarf up and tied her elbows tight,"Now you must shake your head or nod as I
ask the questions,open your mouth,"as she did he pushed the small hankie into it
and tied another scarf around,making sure she could`nt speak,he stood infront of
her,"

She stood there helpless as his hands squeezed her firm breasts,"Do you let you
boyfriend do this,"she looked puzzled,"Have you got a boyfriend",she shook her
head,he squeezed"Do you let your brothers play with them",she again shook her
head,as he found her nipples threw the light top"Do`es anyone play with
them,"she looked down,"YOU play with them,don`t you,"she slowly nodded,he
stepped forward.

As his hands ground in to her breasts his mouth went close to her ear,"Your a
naughty girl but they are nice and big arn`t they,do you play with this,"his
hand slid down her front to the hem of her skirt,pushed under and felt the soft
skin of her thighs,he let his finger slid up her inner thigh until he felt the
cotton of the pink panties,he could feel the puffy lips of her pussie,again he
said,"Do you play with your hole,do you make it all wet,you can tell me I`m your
friend",he grinned as she nodded,he pulled his hand away,kissed the side of her
face and turned to the dressing table, opening draws he took out a empty handbag
then he went into her jewellery box,emptying everything into the empty
bag.Monica watched him take anything he wanted,filling the bag,then he threw it
on the bed coming back to her,"Hello beautiful,I want to see what you play
with,it`s a long time since I had some cunt,I want some fun and your just the
girl to give me some".

He stood behind her put his hands round her and excitedly undid the buttons on
her little summer blouse almost ripping off the last one then pulled it off her
shoulders,he had`nt forgot how to unclip a bra,he grabbed the cups and pulled
them back over her head before his hands took there place and he pulled her back
into him and whispered,"Has your mum got big tit`s",she slowly nodded

"Do you like this,I do,your nipples are nice,I like playing with them,you`ve got
fucking great tit`,come on tell me you like your tit`s squeeze and I,ll give
them a good feel",she wasn`t so sure what this man was doing to her but still
managed a little nod,"Good I,ll have a little play up here,maybe a good sucking
on these nipples then I,m going to suck some cunt,some juicy young cunt,you`ll
like that,nothing like a tongue fuck to get a girl going for an afternoon`s
fun".

He was enjoying fondling the young innocent body,his cock was rigid in his
trousers and he pushed it hard into her,"Can you feel that,it`s my cock
searching for you,put your hands round it,feel it in my trousers wanting
you,"her hands were bound and she could not move them so her curiosity to feel
it had her fingers wrapped round the length.Monica was getting scared the man
was rubbing himself hard against her, she could feel the thing in her hand as he
mauled her tit`s,squeezing her nipples,pulling them untill she cried out into
the gag,suddenly the man groaned,she felt him stiffen as he gripped her tit`s so
tight it hurt forcing tears to run down her face,"Thank you for getting rid of
that",he slid his hand down and grabbed her between the legs,"I,ve had your
tit`s now to have some fun making this hole hot until I,m hard again".He stood
in front of her,"Then I,m going to fuck your virgin cunt till it`s raw and you
can`t stop me you stupid half-wit".Monica was now getting confused she thought
it was a game,she made silly noise`s from behind the gag as he ripped the
buttons off her little summer skirt,his finger nails scratched her soft skin as
he dragged down her panties,"Open your legs so I can get at your cunt,"she
opened her legs a little,"More than that stupid,I want to finger your ass while
I lick you out",he slapped her ass until her legs were wide open, her little
pink snatch slightly open to her attackers tongue,he looked up at the two pert
breasts that jutted out and on to the innocent face, the pretty mouth contorted
by the gag the blue eyes staring down at him before he put his hands round
grabbed her ass-cheeks and pulled her cunt in to his mouth the hard stubble on
his face scratching her inner thighs as his entire mouth covered her cunt and
his tongue plowed in to her.

His fingers toyed with her ass-hole as his tongue flicked over her clit,he gave
a throaty laugh as he felt her respond,he knew she would be unable to control
herself with the amount of work he was doing to her slit,he pulled his head back
and let his fingers tickle her,"Your getting wet you dirty girl,you like it
don`t you,you like your juicy cunt played with,tell me you want me to fuck
you,tell me you want to play with my cock",he stood up but let his fingers still
work on her,"Tell me you want to suck my cock,"all these words Monica had heard
her brothers use and they laughed when they did so she thought it was something
nice and his fingers were still getting her wetter,she slowly nodded.

With a swift pull he had her on the bed,"Keep your legs open half-wit I want to
finger you so your hole is just right for when I fuck you",he knelt beside the
bound beauty and started to finger her again this time pushing his finger
in,further and further.He was half lying on her,his left arm wrapped round her
thigh,his fingers pulling her cunt lips open,his right elbow pushed the other
knee wider as he watched his fingers disappear up her,she was squirming and
trying to stop him,then she gave a squeal as he broke through her hymen,he
pulled his finger out,got up and wiped it on the bed-clothes,"Well little
half-wit you ain`t no virgin now,I,ll just give you a two fingered fuck,loosen
you up for the real thing and lets have them tit`s in my hand again".His left
hand pinched and pulled at her nipples as he reamed her cunt with left,grinning
down at the squirming girl,"You,ll squirm in a minute peachy when my cock`s
fucking you",as he bent down to plant a kiss on her cunt the door opened and
Nancy screamed,in a second he grabbed the jewellery bag,threw it at Nancy and
bolted out the door.

Rosa was dismissed and everybody was sworn to secrecy,if father found out how
close his little angel had come to being raped there would have been hell to
pay,an excuse was made and a new Nanny advertised for.The way the money was
controlled made it difficult but they had a reply and good references, a lady by
the name of Tamsin Walters had been appointed,a bit young at 27 but she had
agreed to the wage system,two months for nothing then a years wages up
front,repayable in full if unsatisfactory,Frederick never let Nancy have a lot
of money so it seemed to suite all.

The idle chatter round the pool was broken by the door chime,Nancy, elegant as
ever,her black bikini hugging every contour of her magnificent body walked
around to the patio doors and disappeared only to return with a very attractive
woman,"Fucking hell it`s Meg Ryne",Troy annoused,Frances looked,"No Meg Ryan
ain`t got tit`s that big,"Nancy called out,"This is Ms Walters,I,ll take her to
her room and we will meet her properly at dinner,if you want me I,ll be down in
the gym",Tamsin smiled and turned following Nancy into the house,"Fucking hell I
want to meet that properly allright,stretched out under me on a bed,"Troy put
his hand on his crutch,Frances looked on,"I wonder if she puts out,"they
suddenly realized Monica was still there and whispered perverted things to each
other,all about what they would like to do with Tamsin Walters.

Ms Tamsin Walters unpacked her two cases,her mind was filled with why she was
there.Her lovely husband Jake,the only man in her life,she meet him when she
left St Peters Catholic collage for girls had died six months ago and left her
with a mountain of debt and money he owed the firm,he hadn`t any insurance,of
course he didn`t think he would die that young but he did, Tasmin had to pay up
fast.Her brother Simon had come to her help,being a computer wiz kid he had
diverting money from his firm to her but that's were the trouble has got out  of
hand,his firm were going to audit in nine weeks time all would be sorted if
Tamsin get`s the years wage in two months,she had been a Nanny before she was
married,not a very good one, so brother had forged the references which helped
her get the job after all she only had to look after a retarded girl and cook a
bit.

Nancy had ten days before her next trip and they were hot ones so the family
stayed in summer clothes,the boys in their shorts making sure Tamsin could see
how big their cocks were or deliberatly pushing past her when they had a hard on
but she did`nt want or like the arregont little bastards,fortunately she got on
well with Monica.One day Nancy had taken Monica out and Tamsin was laying by the
pool,on her front with her bikini top undone,the boys got ice water,crept up  on
her and when she jumbed up from the shock they took a lovely picture of her
perfect firm tit`s,she was furious but Nancy put it down to childish pranks and
as usuall the lads got away with it which left Tamsin wondering what hold the
boy`s had over their mother.They were in bed looking at the down loaded full
blown picture showing just how perfect every inch of Tamsin`s tit`s were when
they heard movement in the hall,it was 3am,it was Tamsin,the boys followed and
watched as she pluged in her lap-top and sent an e-mail,they could`nt wait for
the next time Tasmin went out.

They only had to wait one day and while mother was down in their gym they were
in Tamsin`s room searching for the lap-top,they would have found it faster if
they had`nt spent time smelling her soiled pants and looking at the rest of her
under-wear but they had it and Troy was in the recycle-bin finding what she had
sent,"Got it",the two boys scanned the mail and by putting two and two
together,with what her and her brother wrote,they knew she was in big money
trouble that would involve the police.These were bright evil little shits and
they hatched a plan to loop the computer connection and play receive and send
with their pretty Nanny,it took 48 hours of pretending to be her brother, they
had all the evidence they needed to drop Tasmin Walters in deep shit which would
make life bad for her brother Simon,he had enough problems paying his
mortgage,an invalid wife and his two daughters to support and it was all on a
floppy disk hidden away.

The time had come for Nancy to fly out to Zurich,the boys had said their
goodbyes and gone out,she had asked if they were allright for money,Nancy did`nt
know it but they had their own large bank account that daddy funded,Tamsin and
Monica went to the airport to wave her off before returning just as the boys got
back.Dinner went well and Monica went to bed,the boys sat in the big armchairs
in the lounge and after Tamsin had cleaned up asked her to join them or was it
more like an order for her to sit on the sofa,"What do you know of Adshead,the
firm of Brackly-Davis,and money lenders Troutmans,"they both grinned as they saw
the shock in Tamsins face,"You and your brother have been careless loosing all
that money,isn`t theft an prison offence and your brother with an invalid wife
and two lovely daughters,"Tamsin burst into tears and ran towards the door,"Come
back here and sit down,only we know, so can the blubbering",she stopped looked
at them and returned to the sofa.

Her head bowed in her hands,"Please,oh please don`t tell anyone,I don`t know how
you found out but please,there are some very special people involved and they
must never be hurt,it would kill my sister in law,my nieces would be homeless
and my brother and me would be in",she burst in to tears again.Troy stood
up,"You should have thought about that before you took the money,anyway what are
we to do with you,the Dorstains with a fugitive under their roof that would
never do",the two boys smiled at each other,"Come with us",they turned and went
out,upstairs and to their room,Tamsin followed.

Frances went to their wardrobe and lifted out a hanger with a nurse`s uniform on
it,not one from a hospital,one from a sex shop,"Here`s your new uniform,you will
wear this when mother`s away,there are others but this will do for now",Tamsin
looked in horror at the skimpy clothes,a little half cut bra and knickers with
suspender belt and white fish-net stocking,a silly hat and a white coat that
would just cover her bottom held together by one button and white ankle strap
high heels,"I can`t wear that,I won`t wear that,"Frances dropped it on the
bed,"Then wear a prison uniform then",she went to say but the look on Troy`s
face made it pointless,she picked it up and went to the door,"Oh no, you put it
on in front of us",before she could protest,"They make you do a lot of things in
public in jail".

Totally defeated Tamsin walked to the chair in the corner,Frances got the
bedroom stool,placed in the middle of the room,"You can use this,while we make
our selves comfortable",she watched in disbelief as the two boy`s stripped to
their boxers and laid on the bed,"Your turn",Troy said as both of them plumped
up their pillows,Tasmin knew it was pointless pleading she remembered the amount
of times they had touched her and pushed their hard cocks at her,now they wanted
to humiliate her.To her surprise they let her try and hide her full figer they
only giggling came as she wiggled out of her pants into the little thin lace
ones, apart from that her transformation was done in silence,they had her walk
around the room,she felt sick as she passed a mirror,she looked like a whore
from a porn movie but her mind froze when Troy said,"Well Nanny,I think it`s
time for you to bath us".With one last effort she said,"Look you have had your
fun but things are getting out of hand",she jumped as the two of them leapt off
the bed and came to her,"Look the fun as only just begun,you are the one in deep
shit, if we choose you to be, so ether do as your told or,"Frances looked at her
hard,she bit her lip and looked down,"That's better",Troy laughed,"Yah look at
them two beauties,we do,they look good it that bra,but first, talking of
hand,it`s bath time and there`s a couple of things that want going in your
hand,come on Nanny".

Tears filled Tasmin`s eyes as they went into the bathroom,Troy turned the water
on,the two of them sat smiling at her as it filled,it didn`t take long,Tamsin
stifled a cry as the boys took their boxers off and two half erect 8 inch
lengths of male meat came into her view,"I,ll go first",Troy got in the bath and
smiled up at her,"I,m all your`s Nanny dear",Frances stood beside her,"Wash him
well and don`t take any notice of what I,m doing,your our Nanny now".Two things
she knew,she needed time to sort out this problem and their cruelty new no
bounds but at this moment she was totally helpless, she bent over the tub,took
the soap in her hand and started to wash Troy,Frances whispered in her ear,"Make
sure you get all his important places and as you are our new Nanny I better
check your`s",she could have been sick at the word, yours,but she knew she
could`nt stop him, her whole life and other`s depended on time.

Troy was in his element as he looked up at Tamsin in her silly hat with a red
cross on it her superb tit`s almost out of the bra and her eye`s shut tight,he
looked past her to his brother who smiled and looked back as he licked two
fingers.Tamsin froze as she felt a hand on her skin,it was rubbing the back of
her thigh between the stocking tops and her pants,Don`t stop Nanny,"Troy
said,"Here wash this",and he moved her hand onto his cock just as Frances ran
his hand over her ass,the loud sob she made was music to their ears Troy
said,"Ask me nicely if you can wash my cock",beaten, she quietly said,"Please
may I wash your cock,"Troy did`nt stop,"Because I,m a cock hungry cunt that
likes to be fucked",she hesitated as a stinging slap stung her bottom and the
words,"Don`t fight it",followed,"Be--because I--I,m a cock-----hungry cunt that
likes to--to be fucked",this was meet with another slap,"Quicker next time,now
ask me to play with your cunt",Tamsin had no choice`s left,"Please play with my
cunt,"she felt Frances put his hand under her pants,"If you insist".

Tamsin opened her eye`s to see the grinning Troy,"Come on Nanny you can wash it
as fast as you like,"she started to wank him slowly as she felt Frances`s
finger`s pushing into her,"Please don`t,"Troy grabbed her hair,"If your going to
moan all the time you can suck it,that will shut you up,come on beg me to let
you suck my cock,"Tamsin hated oral sex and the thought of one of these evil
bastards cocks in her mouth made her feel sick,suddenly Frances pinched and
twisted her clit,she would have screamed if the pain would have let her,"I,m
waiting,"Troy flicked some water on her,"Oh god no",she felt the fingers
again,"Alright no please--please can I suck your,--your cock,"Troy chuckled,"Oh
allright then,get those cute lips round it",Frances pushed his finger in her,"As
we don`t like our Nanny to speak with her mouth full,you better tell me how you
like to be fucked as I,m going to fuck you while your sucking him till you
swallow".

Unable to stop the tears all she could say was,"Please be gentle with me,don`t
hurt,"but no sympathy came,"We won`t hurt you all you got to do is take it all
the way down your throat and wiggle you ass while I,m fucking your tush,now my
little whore beg me",her mouth moved to the cock as she sobbed,"Please put it in
me, I need you to fuck me as I-- I,m a cock hungry cunt,"she opened her mouth
and sucked the cock in-between her lips,Troy pushed the back of her head as
Frances pulled her pants to her knees and pushed into her dry cunt forcing it in
as her hips bounced and moved,if she stopped a quick slap had her wiggling her
ass again.

Frances drove his cock in hard and fast enjoying the grunting sound coming from
Tamsins filled mouth,Troy held her head with one hand as he freed her
tit`s,soaping them and squeezing the nipples,if she did anything them didn`t
like he would pull her down until her nose was under the water,only letting her
up when she was under control again,both of them worked her until her mouth and
cunt were full of their juice and she was laying by the bath sobbing with cum
dribbling out of her mouth."Looks like we are going to have to bath Nanny",it
didn`t take long for the boys to strip Tamsin,she had`nt got any fight left in
her as they put her in the bath.Frances got in with her and they both had fun
with her as they soaped her all over paying most attention to her tit`s ass and
cunt she kept begging them to stop but Troy forced her to kiss him,he enjoy
ramming his tongue down her throat keeping her quite as his brother played with
her body.They dried her,gave her just the coat and told her it was time for
Nanny to put them to bed.They marched the stumbling Tamsin in to their bed room
and pulled the bed-clothes back, both boys got on the bed,"Tuck us in Nanny",
the confused Tamsin,hoping her ordeal was over, got hold of a corner of bedding
when they pulled her onto the bed,forced her between them and pulled the covers
over them,"Hope you don`t mind the light on",she was struggling,"Lay still
woman, this is going to be one fucking good night and I mean that in every since
of the word".

All night the boys took it in turns to rape their helpless victim,fucking her
cunt and making her use her mouth on them,she was horrified to hear them say
they would have her ass another day,she was just taking another load of cream in
her mouth after being forced to suck Troy for the forth time that night when
they heard Monica moving, Frances said,"It`s time to let you out",he sucked her
nipple hard,"Don`t worry they will be back in my mouth soon and you know what
will be back in your`s",she was shaking uncontrollable as she ran to her room to
wash their filthy dried semen off her body.

The boys spent most of the day sleeping by the pool,Tamsin looked after Monica
and kept out of their way as much as she could but a few times they caught
her,the disgust she felt as she had to stand there while they were having a feel
up her dress putting their fingers between her legs and insde her pants or a
squeeze of her boobs.Tamsin tried to keep Monica up as long as she could but
when the boys asked Monica if she wanted to watch them fuck her Nanny,do the
things to Nanny that the man had done to her,if you wanted her pussy-wussy
played with and she had said yes,Tamsin knew she was beaten and took Monica to
bed.Half an hour later Tamsin was dressed as a French maid serving the boys
drinks,the two boys sat on the sofa drinking while Tamsin was on her knees
sucking at both their cocks,they humiliated her more by making her beg,"Please
sir may Nanny suck you off,please sir will you suck my nipples,would you like me
to stand with my legs open so you can feel up my cunt",she knew it was pointless
to ask for mercy as they took great delight in telling her she was theirs to
fuck anytime they wanted and making her wonder about all the things they were
going to do to her in bed that night.The boys had planned the night all
day,their goal was to make her beg to be fucked but this time mean it,they had
got mothers vibrators and some lengths of rope,they were going to tie Tamsin up
and force  orgasm after orgasm until she could`nt help but need to be fucked.

The boys decided when the fun should begin and took Tamsin up stairs,into their
bedroom,locked the door,made her undress them,then they put on a little music
and enjoyed making her bump and grind her way out of her sexy outfit,she had
been humiliated so much that she thought nothing they could do could be worse,
it was`nt until she was naked,overpowered and held while her wrist were tied to
the bedhead and her legs tied wide open to the corners of the bed that she
realized how wrong she could be.

She was terrified,"Why do you have to tie me up,please don`t hurt me,I have let
you do anything to me,"the  boys smiled at each other,"We know how much you
enjoy our company,how much you enjoy us fucking you so we thought we would slow
you down a bit,we won`t hurt you,not with these",Troy waved the two vibrators in
front of her face,she knew what they were from pictures she had seen,one was
thick, it had beads at the base that revolved as the shaft pumped up and
down,the other vibrated very fast with three tentecals that shook at the tip of
the shaft."Nooo,please no don't touch me with them,"Frances lay between her
legs,"Oh we are going to do more than touch you,we are going to have so much
fun,you,ll want to thank us later".

Another noooo came from her lips as she tugged on the rope holding her wrists to
the top of the bed,Troy smiled at her futile attempt as he lowered himself to
feast on her nipples,he watched out of the corner of his eye at her face as his
tongue licked gentle at her swollen nips,teasing them with a little sucking,he
looked to his left to see Frances running one of the vibrators over her slit and
wondered how long it would take to get her hot.Tamsin had never felt what a
vibrator could do to a woman and soon she realised the incredible felling she
was getting no matter how much she tried to stop, she was getting wet,she
groaned at the thought that the boys knew it too.Frances pushed the vibrator in
her until the the beads rubbed her clit then switched it on,slowly the shaft
pumped up her as the beads revolved and to make it worse for her he tickled her
with his tongue,all the time Troy`s tongue mercisly licked her nipples,they
fought to stop smiling as her hips moved.

As she began to move Frances took out one dildo and it was easy to push the
other into her wet cunt,he switched it on,her body jumped as Troy heard,"Oh
god"spill from her lips,that was it the boys really started.Frances used his
tongue as his left hand worked the plastic cock in and out ,his right hand
tickled her between her holes and around the top of her inner thighs while Troy
sucked at her breast`s,licking her everywhere,her mouth was open sucking in air
and little cry`s were coming from her every time the tentacles touched her
sensitive inner cunt,Frances got the first dildo and played it on her clit as he
fucked the other in tickling as much as he could,soon he was having to hold her
hips as they moved,Troy took the opportunity to move up and kiss her mouth,she
was so far gone that she let his tongue into her mouth.Troy was still playing
with her nipples as he kissed her but Frances had taken out the dildo and was
just gentle teasing her cunt with the buzzing end,Troy could feel her struggling
and lifted his head,"Has he stopped,"she was squirming,"Do you want him to put
it back",she slowly nodded,"I can`t hear you,"she whispered,"Yes"he nodded to
Frances who slid it slowly back doing her just enough to keep her hot before
pulling it back to her clit.Again she whispered" Please,"Troy said"Please
what,my little Meg Ryan,"her body was squirming and moving,"Please put it
back,"Troy knelt,"If you lick my cock he will fuck you with it,do I hear
yes",her eyes were rolling,"Yes but,oh god, put it back".

Troy placed his cock over her mouth and watched as her tongue lick it,her hips
searched for the plastic cock,she gasped as Frances pushed it back in and really
fucked her with it,Oh god,Oh god was music to their ears and Troy slipped his
cock into her mouth,she sucked it moaning as her hips rose to the fucking she
was getting,suddenly Frances pulled it out,her hands pulled,her legs tried to
close and hold him,Frances knelt between her legs and tickled her cunt,"Shall I
stick it to you,you want me to give you a good hard fucking".

Troy took his cock out of her mouth,"Yes please,god do me,you bastards,you
bastards,"Troy shut her up with his cock,Frances lent forward and licked her
nipples as he pushed his cock to the entrance of her cunt,"You want it,"Troy
smiled down at her as she,"MMMMMHH  AAAHHHed" he looked at Frances,"Fill that
hole,brother,it`s fuck the toy time".She was soaking wet as they shoved into her
fucking her as hard as they liked,she soon came but they were in no mood to stop
and soon she was building to her second orgasm,Troy filled her mouth and she
swollowed as much as she could,"Having a good time,nice fuck Nanny you are a
cock hungry cunt when your going,open you mouth and have another suck on the
meat," he was back in her mouth again,he was enjoying making her make him hard
again so he could take over from Frances forcing her to let him fuck her.The two
boys spent three hours working on her cunt making her wet using the
vibrators,their hands and tongues,keeping her hips jumping and moving  then
fucking her to a forced orgasm time after time untill they untied her and left
her exhausted.

Monica had been up a while when Tamsin found her talking to the two boys,"Can I
come with you to see your brother today,please Nanny,please",Tamsin said of
course you can,"Will we see Annabel and Amanda,"Tamsin looked quizzical,"If they
are in",Monica smiled at the boys and went to her room,the boys came to Tamsin
she put her hands up to them,Troy squeezed her ass and Frances gripped her
jaw,"Great night,we were going to bed early but you would insist on us fucking
you,so we are tired,catch you later hot ass, they left her and went into the
garden.

The weather forecast said it was going to stay hot for the weekend,Tamsin was
talking to her sister-in-law on their patio,Simon had only been home half an
hour and Monica,Annabel and Amanda were chatting on the lawn when the two boys
walked in from the back gate,Tamsin recoiled in horror as they introduced
themselves to her family.Simon joined the party and the boys were their scheming
charming selves,Monica brought the two girls over and they all chatted
together,the conversation got round to the weekend,Simon said he had a lot of
work to do,that was the chance the boys had been waiting for,"Why don`t you let
the girls stay at our house,they would be great company for Monica",Monica
pleaded with them,Tamsin tried to block the idea but a quick whisper in her
ear,"You want your brother or anybody to know,what we know", had her biting her
lip".The girls quickly packed a case,Simon thanked the boys for their offer as
they went to the car`s all the girls wanted to travel together so they went with
Troy as Frances let Tamsin drive him back,it gave him time to let her know they
had found out more about the firms they had been embezzling from and her years
pay was not going to cover it all,was that why Simon was working weekends,boy
were they in deep, it was such a pity as they seemed a nice family,If they felt
like it they could always help out,they both had 50,000 in their accounts but
only if she was a good girl and did everything she was told.

The half hour drive was hell for Tamsin,half her mind was full of,if she played
their sick game would they help her,the other half was having to let him play
with her legs,up under her skirt and try to control the car as he fingered her
cunt.When they arrived back the girls were all in the big spare room laughing
and giggling,Troy had some drinks poured and offered one to Frances,"Yours is in
our room,we want to talk",she was lead upstairs,"Right Nanny,mothers back on
Monday so you are going to do as your told over this weekend then we have a job
for you,if you do as your told then,as Frances said, we may be able to help you
clear yourself,do you understand",Tamsin gave a defeated nodded,"Good, we knew
you would see sence,now the girls are going to be a while so get you clothes
off,give us both a really good kiss then show us how greatfull you are,get on
your knees,get that cute mouth round our cocks,no hands,you can use them
elsewhere,we want to watch you play with your cunt and tit`s, just use your
mouth and blow us down the back of your throat,the boys smiled at each other as
they watched the blond hair bouncing back and forth,felt the warm wet tongue
inside her pink lips as she sucked one then the other,they could see her right
hand playing with her cunt and the other pulling her left nipple,she was doing
everything they told her,the evil pair could`nt stop smiling,,just using her
mouth they knew it would take her a while to get them off ,this beautiful woman
was totally under their control, their plan`s were going just perfect and it was
time to take it to the next stage.

Dinner past off well as the boys talked nicely to the girls and Tamsin
cooked,served and cleared away,the boys told Monica to take the girls and play
music in their room but not to be to late.The girls left them and Tamsin waited
her fate while Troy got another drink,"I think a little school girl tonight,a
Frances,"Frances got up,"Yes and a few pictures would be nice,come on Nanny my
cock awaits the pleasures of your holes".The three filed into the boys room,Troy
went to the wardrobe and pulled out the school uniform,Tamsin looked at the
fishnet tights,grey pleated skirt, small blouse with it`s stripped tie and stool
in the middle of the room,the boys sat on the bed,Frances held a digi
camera,"Nanny does a sexy strip,take one,off you go Nanny".Tamsin slowly took
off all her clothes before putting the degrading costume on,they made her pose
in front of the mirror,as they took pictures she looked at herself,she knew she
had agreed to do as she was told but the little skirt did`nt even cover her blue
knickers the suspenders and fishnet stockings looked reticules,her large breasts
forced her blouse to gape at the buttons even with the silly tie but she needed
have bothered they now wanted her to strip, posing and smiling everytime they
said stop.

After she had pushed and held her tit`s out,thrust her cunt at the
camera,holding the lips open and fingering her self until she was wet,sticking
her ass out and holding her cheeks open so they could see both her holes,they
new they had degraded her enough it was time for her to be fucked again.

Frances lay with his back to the headboard as Tamsin lay on her stomach sucking
him,Troy was fingering her between her open legs when he said,"Fuck these cheap
batteries,this one`s gone,I`ll get a new one", and left her on the bed sucking
his brother as he gave her a vibrator and told her to fuck herself wet for
him,the next thing Tamsin knew,Troy had Annabel,Amanda and Monica stood at the
side of the bed in their night clothes listening to her begging to suck cock and
lick balls as she pushed the plastic cock in to her wet hole all this while
giving Frances head.

Tamsin pulled to get up as Frances held her head firm,smiling down at her with
his cock still stuck in her mouth,"Remember you are going to do as you are told
this weekend,now keep sucking,make sure you look as though you are enjoying it
or",she had let go of the dildo,Troy got between her legs, pushed it back in and
looked at Monica,"Would you like to make Nanny happy,give me your hand and do as
I do",Monica was soon excitedly pushing the buzzing plastic cock in and out of
her as Troy stood between the girls,they all watched the abuse of their Aunt,he
had his arms around their necks,"Aunty seems to be enjoying herself,"they
could`nt see the tears running down her face,"You ever do anything like
that,"the girls, being brought up in a strict religious family and also going to
St Peter`s, knew nothing of the perverted side of sex but they could`nt keep
their eyes off the bed.

Troy moved the girls closer then slid between them and bent behind Monica,he
lifted the little nylon top over her bottom and stroked her ass,"Do you like
this sis",Monica giggled and wiggled her ass excitedly but still kept fucking
Tamsin,Troy`s hand slipped under her pants a ran across her slit,"You like your
cunt played with,don`t you,would you like Nanny to tickle your pussy wussy for
you",still sucking on Frances she looked up at him,he smiled down at her,"You
lucky girl your going to give all our family pleasure,now do as your told,lets
see if you lick pussy wussy as well as you suck dick".Monica stood up as the
boys pulled and pushed the pleading Tamsin up,they told her make sure and show
her nieces she was enjoying it or they may find out something about her and
their dad she didn`t want them to know,they knelt her beside the bed and had
Monica sit in front of her.Confused and shocked the two girls were positioned so
they could see everything that was going to happen,Troy knelt beside
Tamsin,"Take her pants off and lick her cunt,she will like it,ever since that
bloke finger fucked her she is always playing with herself",Tamsin looked first
at Troy then at the others,"Please I---I,"all she got back were blank stares
from the confused girls and I look of pure evil lust from the boys,there was no
escape, she was beaten.Her trembling hands pulled at the nylon pants until they
were off,Monica opened her legs,looked at the boys,who smiled back at her,she
giggled as Tamsin put her head between them.

Troy went back between the girls,"Your aunty ever done that to you",Amanda shook
her head,Frances kept his eye`s on Tamsin,making sure she did exactly what they
waited,he knelt beside her,"Lick her really good,give her  plenty of tongue,we
want to see her come in your face,we want to see her spit her juice,her legs are
going to be wet as well as your mouth and your not going to stop until she
has,just to prove we don`t want you to feel left out,open you legs I`ve got your
favourite toy,the one that`s got the tentacles".he grinned at Troy as he heard
her sobbing from between Monica`s legs,it didn`t stop him from pushing the
buzzing plastic cock up the kneeling helpless woman then he stuck the duck tape
across her thighs making sure it caught the hairs around her cunt and kept it
firmly in.

Frances got up,leaving Tamsin on her knees and to her fate, he sat beside
Monica,"Your enjoying this arn`t you",she was gasping and moaning a small
word"Yes"let Frances know all was going to plan,"Why don`t you be a good girl
and show me your tit`s and I`ll squeeze them for you,would you like
that",another,"Yes"kept the brothers night going,Troy kept the girls
watching,they were so engrossed in the action on the bed they did`nt notice that
he was stroking their backs getting lower towards their bottoms with every
stroke.Frances lifted Monica`s top up,his left arm around her neck supported her
and holding her top up as his right hand played with her nipples,they were so
hard all he had to do was tickle them to have her moaning even louder,he played
with both of them as he watched the beautiful blond hair working between her
legs,his evil pleasure was complete as he noticed Tamsin`s ass beginning to
move,the buzzing vibrator was getting to her cunt.

Frances let his hand go to Tamsin`s head,"Finger fuck her while you lick,your
about to get a mouth full she`s ready to cum",once she had a finger up Monica`s
cunt he could`nt resist twisting down and sucking his sisters hard nipples only
stopping to watch her hips moving towards an orgasm and Tamsin`s hips moving
with the force of the vibrator,"When she comes in your face keep going,we will
tell you when to stop tonguing her".Troy`s hands were touching the girls bottoms
more often as they watched Monica moaning on the bed,"Your friend Monica seems
to be having a good time,I bet you wish you were her",he could see the girls
breathing hard,their night shirts could`nt hide the pointed tit`s that were
raising and falling for Troy`s viewing pleasure,"You know how she`s feeling
don`t you",it was Annabel who nodded,"You`ve had it happen to you, haven`t
you",Troy waited,"Go on you can tell me,we are friends and I won`t tell",Annabel
nodded again,"Well if you haven`t got boyfriends and your aunt hasn`t sucked
your pretty little pussie`s,then you must do it to each other,am I right",just
as Amanda whispered,"Yes",Monica came.Frances let her fall back on the bed as
she squealed and moaned,he could`nt help but bend to her tit`s sucking at the
hard nipples pointing up from her large round aureole`s,his right hand holding
the back of Tamsin`s head onto the wet hole as Monica bounced her hips franticly
off the bed.Frances moved up and passionately kissed his sisters mouth,driving
his tongue in then pulled away making sure that Tamsin was still at her,he
rested on one arm watching as he played with her tit`s,when he heard her moaning
again and her hips started grinding back into Tamsin`s face he lent down and
whispered,"You seem to be having all the fun and leaving your friends out of
it,why don`t you play with Amanda`s pussy wussy,I bet you would like to kiss it
and do what Nanny has done to you and they would be your best friends forever if
you did,how about it,if you did I promise we would play with you some more", the
word`s,"If you promise to play with me",were music to his ears.

Troy whispered to the girls,"Come on,it will be fun,our little secret,take your
panties off and join the fun,Monica will play with Amanda and aunty Tamsin will
play with you, Annabel,come on girls get those panties off, why should`nt you
enjoy yourselves,that's why you came here wasn`t it,---well",he looked at
them,"If you don`t you won`t be able to come here again as it`s our secret fun
and only our special friends can join in",the girls liked the big house with all
the trapping of wealth especially it`s pool,Troy did`nt have to wait
long,Annabel was the first to put her hand under her top and slowly pull her
pant`s down.

With her head trapped between Monica`s legs Tamsin hadn`t heard the boys,it
wasn't until Frances pulled her head up and she saw Monica getting up and her
nieces`s coming over to the bed that she knew things were getting worse,the
trouble was she was now very aroused,her mind was saying no but her body was
hot,she knew she had to stop this if she could,she went to stand but Frances was
one step in front,as she weekly got to her feet he grabbed her put his arm
around her neck and pulled her mouth on to his,his other hand went between her
legs pushing the vibrator up,resticking the tape so it buzzed fully up her,she
moved to push him away but she was weak and he was brutally strong,he pinned her
arms to her side bent and sucked her hard erect nipples and with his free hand
tickled her clit,he felt her knees go weak,her hips automaticly ground into the
invading hand,a pathetic,"Please",came from her lips"Come on be a good girl,you
are having a good time,you must be your cunts dripping on my hand,come on your
going to give your nieces a good time too, so back on your knees,Annabel is
yours to play with",he took her down,"Remember do as your told,you know we
always win".

As she knelt down the dildo moved inside her sending a wave of pleasure through
her body,she groaned and Frances smiled,"We got us one hot assed bitch in
you,what did you do,fuck your old man to death?",she looked at him almost
sobbing in despair,"You,ve done this to me,I trusted you,I only know it will
soon be over and I will have done all you told me, you filthy bastards,"Frances
kept smiling at her,"Don`t try and kid me you ain`t enjoying your fuckings now
get your face between Annabel's legs and get that tongue working again,oh and
don`t forget to keep that pretty ass of your`s up were I can see it",Tamsin
looked at her sweet niece as she sat on the bed,Amanda was sitting beside her
both of them bit their lips not knowing what they were doing or why. Monica was
naked and already licking at Amanda`s cunt,both girls looked uncomfortable but
with the boys menacing them and pushing Tamsin and Monica into their cunts they
just sat there,their legs spread wide  letting their abuse continue.

The boys stood and watched as the two girls could`nt help but responded,they
were getting wet,their own cocks stood out hard and firm and they took great
delight in stroking them infront of Annabel and Amanda,once they knew the girl
were completely aroused Troy went to the back of the bed and clicked a small
switch.

The girls had not noticed that the boys had put the camera up on the wardrobe
and run the cable along the curtains and down the folds to the back of the
bed,they kept back letting the camera capture the sight of the four girls being
forced to do what these two perverts had trapped them in to.As soon as they
thought they had enough filth on tape they moved behind Tamsin and Monica,Troy
had a condom he looked at Frances,"Don`t want to knock little sister up",Frances
laughed,"Watch this",he held the back of Tamsin`s head in to Annabel`s cunt he
got hold of the tape holding the dildo up her and pulled hard,it ripped off
taking a few hairs from round her cunt,he was still laughing as Tamsin squealed
into the wet cunt in her mouth,he pulled out the dildo and pushed his finger in
to her defenceless wet cunt,she could`nt help but move,"This is going to be just
what a my hard cock needs, a good wet hole to fuck,she`s really turned on",Troy
grinned,"If I want my cock wet I suppose I better turn mine on then,come on sis
get your ass up,now we have got them where we want them it`s time for no more Mr
nice guys".

The two boys knelt behind Tamsin and Monica both stroking their erect cocks and
smiling at Annabel and Amanda,Troy mouthed at them,"You watch us fuck them,you
never know you might want some", as they pushed at the exposed cunt`s in front
of them,Monica moved away but Troy held her hips firm,"Kept still,if you thought
the licking was good just wait for the fuck I`m going to give you,come on bitch
open your legs",he gave her ass a small slap and watched her part her
knees,Frances had no problem,he just slid in to Tamsin`s aroused cunt and
started enjoying her misery all the time encouraging their pussy licking with a
torrent of perverted filth,"Come on sis suck that pussy, get you tongue up her,I
want to see her come in your face while I tickle this cunt of yours",his hand
was between her legs playing round the wet hole as he fucked her,Frances was
playing with Tamsin`s ass-hole,pushing his finger in trying to feel his cock
threw the wall.The boys thrusting were relentless and they banged in hard
forcing the girls on to the now wet young pussies,they grinned at the two well
aroused girls who were now laid back on the bed groaning and moving their hips
as the tongues worked on them relentlessly,Troy joked,"I think after this
Monica`s going to have company in her bed,she fucks up well and her friends will
be over for a weekend treat,"Frances whispered,"I`ve got an idea how we can have
more fuck toys and have them any time we want". 

With those words ringing in their ears the boys fucked as hard as they could,the
sweat ran down their faces as they enjoyed thumping in to the two delouses cunts
at their mercy,Troy was the first to cum,Monica`s cunt being tight was sucking
his cock in and the excited wiggling her new found sexuality gave him, and her
an orgasm again.Tamsin had no choice but to except the hard fucking she was
getting only concentrating on doing as she was told,licking her niece as this
pervert fucked her abused cunt for his own gratification,waiting to be told when
to stop licking even after he had filled her with his filth.

Amanda and Annabel had both cum and were laying on the bed as the two other
women were ordered to lick up their spent juice and then use their mouths to
clean two dripping cocks.The boys lifted the two girls on to the bed,"Come on
lets see some kissing,you have just had your cunts licked out,show how grateful
you are,lets see some mouth`s and tit`s kissed and put some feeling into it ,"as
he spoke Frances moved to the back of the bed and clicked the switch taking some
nice shots of the four girls performing more forced perversions.The four girls
lay exhorted but the boys were still rampant,Troy told them,"You girls looked
like you need a drink, just lay there I will do the honours,"he disappeared only
to return with a tray of drinks,he put it on the table and handed them
individually to the girls the last two for him and Frances,"Cheers ladies,thanks
for a good night",Frances joined in,"Yes here's to the ladies,it was fun playing
with you,drink up girls".The girls half asleep, drank their drink and just lay
there,"Come on girls time for bed",Monica was the first to be helped to her
room,Troy put her to bed,gave her lovely young body a last feel and thought,that
won`t be the last time my cock enjoy`s you, then went to join Frances putting
the two girls in their room,they left locking the door returning to Tamsin,she
looked at them trying to get up,"You seem to be struggling Nanny,what's the
matter",she looked up at them,"I feel strange,I can`t get up".

"Your a fucking genius",Troy laughed,"You don`t have to be a rocket scientist to
drop some of Monica`s calmers in to their drink`s,one for the two popetts,two
for Monica and three for our little Nanny here,should make for an interesting
morning",Tamsin struggled,"You leave them alone,I`m taking them home,you can`t
touch them",Frances got the camera down and turned it for her to see,images of
her licking her nieces cunt and then snogging all over her,pulling her night
shirt up and kissing her tit`s turned her stomach,"Why don`t we take them home
we could show your brother how you repay his help by abusing his daughters,why
do I always have to remind you, we always win",Tamsin turned on her side and
sobbed uncontrollably,"It would seem Nanny is going nowhere,I think we have a
little time before our next bit of fun,Troy you fancy another drink?",the two of
them went down to the drinks cabinet.

They stood in the kitchen downing a beer when Troy suddenly
said,"Clingwrap",Frances looked at him,"Clingwrap,I`v always wanted to do
it,come on lets get her wrapped",he finished the beer,grabbed the roll and
headed back upstairs with Frances in tow.Tamsin was still laying on the bed in a
drugged sleep,they slowly lifted her to a half lolling,half sitting
position,keeping her arms to her side Frances started to undo the roll,tucking
it under her arm he passed it to Troy who then passed it back,she was not really
aware of what they were doing as slowly they wrapped the film around the top
half of her body making sure it was extra tight around her large breast`s,trying
hard not to laugh as her thick nipples pushed obscenely at them,Frances gently
pulled her to stand,Troy held her legs together and the wrapping continued the
full length of her body,the only reaction from Tamsin was a pathetic moan as the
boys made sure her ass was as tight as her tit`s until she was completely bound
and then they laid her back on the bed.Troy went a got the roll of duck tape
while Frances found a pair of her soiled panties and took great pleasure in
pushing them in to her mouth for Troy to tape over,they fetched another beer and
sat admiring their helpless cocooned prisoner until they drifted in to a
satisfied sleep.

They woke to the sound of moaning,"Our little Nanny or should we call her Mummy
is awake", they both went and stood ether side of the bed looking at her,she was
fighting to breath in the tight restraint,they did`nt care, they were smiling
down into the glazed pleading blue eye`s,"We know you said you weren`t going
anywhere but we thought we better make sure,so you have a lay in,we thought we
would go and look in on the girls if that`s allright with you,you see Monica
will be out of it for most of the day and you seem to be a little tired, those
poor girls won`t have anybody to play with so we will have to think of a game
for them",Tamsin was screaming at them through the gag as they laughed in her
face,"I think Nanny called us a bad name,maybe a little corrective therapy is
necessary,ever spanked a frozen chicken",they were amused at their sick jokes as
they turned Tamsin on to her stomach,"You have one cheek,I`ll have the
other",the sound of hand`s hitting the clingwrap filled the room,accompanied by
squeals from the gagged woman mingled nicely with their perverted
laughter.Frances was the first one to stop,he knelt beside the bed and watched
as Tamsin`s head jumped every time Troy`s hand hit home,he stroked the tears on
her face,"Do you want me to make him stop",she nodded just before another slap
had her bouncing again,"If I make him stop it will cost you",she nodded,"If I
take that gag off will you suck my cock and kiss my balls,maybe lick my
ass-hole",she looked at him,another really hard slap had her nodding again",If
you make my cock hard can I fuck your cute ass-hole",she was beaten and she was
thinking of the girls,she nodded again,"So I can fuck you any-how any-time in
any-hole",she slowly nodded,I will remember that when I use you again but for
now we are going to see your nieces,Troy give the bitch a few more for being a
filthy cock hungry fucking whore",he left the room to the sound of hard slapping
and pitiful female squealing.

"God my hands sore",Frances snapped back,"Stop moaning,you enjoyed it,now I`ve
looked in on sis,she out of it so lets  take a look at the popettes,I can`t wait
to see how really gorges those beauties are",Frances put the key in and
turned,they entered the room locking the door again and went to the bed where
the two girls slept they looked perfect,their tussled blond hair framed their
young cutey-pie faces the firm swell of their breasts could be seen down their
night-shirts,the boys gentle pulled the covers down and off the bed exposing
their shapely legs,Amandas night-shirt had ridden up to her bottom and most of
the bush covering her slit was visible,Frances gentle pulled Annabel's shirt up
to check out her bush and let it fall back over her stomach,both of them smiled
as they noticed they both had a large bulge in their boxers,they nodded at each
other as they picked a girl and knelt down beside their heads.

Both of them kissed the girls hard on the mouths,Amanda lay frozen staring at
Troy,Annabel tried to move away but Frances grabbed her hair holding her firmly
to him,"You liked it last night when aunty Tamsin was snogging you,well it`s our
turn now,"Annabel squealed,"Please no,it`s wrong",Frances held on,"I know it`s
wrong,if your dad found out what you and aunty Tamsin had been doing,she would
be sent away,also, if I tell him what you two do together I think you would be
in serious trouble and oh by the way I did take some pictures of you all at it
last night,"Annabel panicked,"No no you would`nt,you would`nt upset our
mum",Frances sensed power",Oh we would but you two can stop us,we want you to
show us what you do to each other".Amanda suddenly said," No,no I won`t",Troy
grinned down at her,"I don`t see you have a choice,now get on top of her
cunt,you girls are going to do a little 69 for our viewing pleasure,now come
on",as he pulled her up her night-shirt ripped,he held her tight as he pulled
the rest off,Frances pulled at Annabel's shirt and soon both the girls were
naked and being forced in to a 69 position,as Amanda was the top one it was her
ass that got some attention from Troy`s hand,it didn`t take to many slaps to
have her cunt over Annabel's face and she was staring down at her sisters cunt.

Both girls were sobbing at the humiliating position they had been forced into,
as both boys,who were now knelt ether side of them, had free access to their
cunts,"We will just loosen you with a good fingering before you get down to
it,now keep still,"Frances slapped Amadas exposed ass and then started to push
his finger in and around her sparcly blond covered cunt.Troy had Annabel on her
back he forced her legs open and did the same to her cunt working hard on her
clit,"I got me a felling these two are cherry",Frances put his hand under
Annabel and squeezed her tit as he pushed his finger further in,"Not for much
longer".

The two boys relentlessly finger fucked their helpless victims,pushing further
and further up and inside them until, first Annabel and then Amanda cried out as
their innocence's broke,Troy yelled,"Broken in and ready to ride",the girls were
really crying but Frances slapped Annabel hard,"Get your head down and eat cunt
she needs cleaning out",he pressed her back down pushing her cunt towards
Amanda`s face,Troy put his hand under Amanda`s head and forced it up in between
her sisters legs,"Get licking,we want to see plenty of tongue,hear you sucking
and you ain`t going to stop until you blow your juice all over each others
faces,just like you did last night,then we have another surprise for you".Troy
watched as the girls did what their perverted tormentors ordered,there was no
let up the boys were going to have some fun with the two girls.Frances went for
his camera,he checked each picture in the small screen making sure it got the
most explicit position he wanted,taking a few to start with but more as Troy
kept stinging Annabel`s bottom to keep them both licking,forcing them to arouse
themselves,satisfied with the shoots they both concentrated on pushing the girls
faces in to each other,making them suck,watching as their young bodies started
to betray them,they were breathing heavy and their ass`s were making involuntary
wiggles, the open cunts leaked, making their face`s wet as the boys played with
delouses ass,tit`s and anything else they could defile,suddenly one then the
other spurted juice in to the others face to the laughter of Frances and Troy
who took even more delight in pushing their faces hard in between the open
thighs spreading the wet juice all over their mouths until they pulled them
apart and had them lick each others faces clean with their tongues.Both girls
lay on the bed disgusted with what they had done in front of the two
perverts,but not for long as Frances grabbed Amanda pulling her up,"Time for
your big surprise,"she looked bewildered,Frances took Annabel,"Don`t worry
sweetheart, you won`t be left out".

They pushed and pulled the naked girls round to the end of the bed,"Right we
have pictures of you two sucking each other,we have pictures of you being sucked
by your aunty,do you want your folks to see what a pair of horny sluts you
are",both girls looked at the floor shaking their heads,"If we don`t get any
back chat from you two they don`t have to know O K,I have one shot to take
before I down load,get on your knees,get your backs on the bed end and spread
your knees wide,come on, it ain`t nothing we ain`t had already",the girls
reluctantly sank to their knees,spread their thighs and looked at them,"Amanda
use you left hand to play with Annabel's cunt,Annabel you do the same to Amanda
with your right and both of you smile for the camera and I want a nice joyful
smile remember you are both having a great time here".The picture taken Frances
took his camera to the lap-top and started the down-load,he called in on Tamsin
who was still wrapped and gagged unable to do anything,he waved at her before
closing the door, then quickly checking Monica before going back to where Troy
was watching the sisters,keeping them on heir knees fingering each other,he
nodded to Troy and the two stood in front of the girls,"Time for your big
surprise,say please can we have our surprise",Amanda went to speak,"No both
together",their trembling voices spoke in unison,"Please can we have our
surprise",both boys pulled the front of their boxers down,"Open your pretty
mouths and suck these, you will get your surprise that way".Sobbing and choking
the two young mouths were filled with hard male meat,with their heads trapped
between the bed end and the forced face fucking the cocks could easily sink
slowly in to them,only pulling back when the girls eyes started to bulge.

Troy looked at Frances,"You can`t beat a young hungry mouth for a good
blow",Frances who was ramming hard in to Amandas mouth said,"I hope it`s
hungry,I feel a big load coming this way and I know where it`s going",

Both girls had tears running down their cheeks,every time they tried to stop the
pounding in their mouths,ether their ears or hair were pulled holding them tight
on to the invading rigid meat,if their hands moved from between their legs their
air supply would be cut off,things the boys were saying frightened them beyond
belief,"We will have to teach them how to breath through their nose`s,this is
not really deep throat,"Troy answered his brother,"A slave must be able to
satisfy all her masters needs".Frances looked down at Amanda holding his cock
firmly down her throat,"Are you going to be good slaves and do all we expect,if
you don`t you will have to explain the red whip marks on your pretty little ass
to any-one who see you the way we shall,that's naked".

Amanda's was fighting for air and she squeezed more tears from her eyes trying
to nod,anything to stop him abusing her mouth,"Good girl so your first task is
your surprise,I`m going to fuck your mouth really hard now and you`ll be
surprised how much juice you will have to swallow and I mean swallow,now start
sucking my little slave",Troy told Annabel it was the same for her and both boys
went to work on their victims with  renewed vigour.

Troy was the first to cum making Annabell hold the large bulbous end of him
tightly in her lips as she sucked all the filth out of him,Amanda was`nt far
behind getting her mouth filled,"Don`t they look adorable with our cream
dribbling out of the corners of their mouths,get you camera and take a
picture",Frances went and got it and made the girls pose,they had been told to
hold some in their mouth so they could be fingering each other as they knelt
there with mouths full of filth just for the camera shots,keep-sakes for the two
perverts.

Troy took the girls to the bathroom so he could get a few shoots of them
peeing,he focused on Annabel enjoying forcing her to urinate over her hands then
lick it off threatening to mark her with his belt if she did`nt look as though
she was enjoying it,then it was Amanda`s turn. He played with both of them as he
cleaned them up,he held both of them by their jaws,staring at them as he told
them it was time to get them bent over for some real fun,he fondled both their
ass`s as he pushed the dazzed girls back to the bed,Frances had heard some noise
from Tamsin when he went for the camera so he went to look in on her.

Tamsin`s door opened and Frances put his head round,"You want me or are you a
bit wrapped up in yourself at the moment",her eye`s shone with tears,"MMMMOOH 
MMHHTTT",Frances came in,"Toilet,you want the toilet",she nodded,"This should be
fun",he put the camera down,went out to fetch a knife.He turned her on her
stomach and cut a slit in the cling-wrap from her ass to mid thigh then he
lifted her over his shoulder and carried her to the bath room,he sat her on the
toilet and fetched the camera,he gazed at the little screen watching this
beautiful woman,bound from head to toe with grey duck tape silencing her
mouth,relieving herself,he smiled and left her for a minute picked up the camera
and went to see what Troy was up to.

The smile on Frances`s face could`nt have been wider as he looked in the girls
room,both girls were on their knees on the bed,there faces buried in the bed
covers and their ass`s up high,Troy was fucking Annabel hard from behind while
his right hand played with Amanda`s firm young bottom,pushing in both her
holes,he saw Frances,"I`v left Amanda`s cherry for you,I thought you like to
hear at least one of them squeal,Annabel did`nt take being broken in to well,but
I told her I think it was worth it,believe me their cunt`s are fucking
tight,just think another couple of hot firm ass-holes to keep for later",with
those words louder sobs came from the bed,Frances had to wait for them to stop
crying and clean their faces before he could get some forced smiling pictures.

Troy carried on his vicious rape of the young girls cunt enjoying being in
complete control,"What you doing with aunty",Frances went to the door,"Just keep
that cunt wiggling I wont be long,"he looked at the bedside clock,"Shit look at
the time", he quickly went back to Tamsin.She still sat in her pathetic
pose,"You all done,"She nodded,"Come on back on the bed",he took her back,as he
laid her down he saw how she was struggling to breath,"Shall I let them out",her
blue eye`s just stared at him as he took the knife and cut enough to pull her
nipple`s through and then pop her tit`s out,they looked obscene pointing
out,bulging bigger almost balloon shaped,Frances twicked the nipples and went to
fuck a pretty little virgin.

To his amazement Troy was still fucking Annabel,"About time come on,I`m on my
second, seems she can`t get enough cock",Frances could see the tear filled eye`s
of Annabel he knew his brother was being his evil self,"You fucking
bastard,"Troy slapped the wiggling ass enjoying making the girl sob more,"You
know me so well,come on this one`s ready,she can`t have her sister having all
the fun.

The twin`s were inseparable,both as twisted as the other,enjoying power over
people as they now had over these two innocent girls that they had just finger
fucked until they had taken their last bit of dignity,what they held most
precious for their husbands had been wiped on their torn night-shirts by their
tormentors fingers,they had nothing left as they knelt on this strange bed,their
legs spread wide being fucked as hard as the brothers could,no feeling just
fucking them for their pleasure only ,the only thing the twins enjoyed more was
promising the girls that this was not the last time they were going to fuck
them,they now belonged to them and they would`nt be aloud to forget it.

After they filled the girls they had them clean the mess off by only using their
mouths then they had a few mouthfulls of firm young tit before they left the
girls on the bed,warning them to be silent and always come for the weekend when
they were told or life would become very different for them and their
family,Troy would be taking them home as Frances had some business with aunty
Tamsin,when Monica finally woke Troy was ready to go and the four of them
left,they did`nt let them see Tamsin,they knew it would increase the terror they
had already instilled in the girls.

Frances sat beside the helpless Tamsin,her breasts had swollen in the tight
restraint,now they bulged a pale blue with darker blue veins showing,he was
playing with the hard extended nipples with his right hand while showing her the
stills they had taken of fun-time with her nieces with his left,"Now listen to
me and listen good,you`ve been fucked and as you can see so have your girls,so
what,if we want to fuck you again you remember you said,any-how,any-hole,at
any-time,it`s ether us or a pretty thing like you would get fucked an awful lot
in prison,beside`s it ain`t no big deal after all that's what cunts are for,now
you are going to use your cunt again,this time for us,you want us to help you
stay out of jail then you do as your told,understand",Tamsin nodded,"O K this is
what your going to do".As he gave her the orders he squeezed and played with her
now enormous blue veined tit`s pinching the hard nipples and making her squirm
when he wanted to get any point home,when he was done he cut the cling wrap from
her,she lay sobbing looking at her reflection,her whole body a mass of red
grease`s,Frances gave her ass a squeeze and went away to down load the rest of
the pictures.

Nancy arrived back at lunchtime,she saw Tamsin and asked after Monica,Tamsin
told her she was out with the boys,they where giving her an afternoon treat for
being such a good girl over the weekend,Nancy decided to have a hot bath as she
was a little stiff,even sleeping in first class was`nt all that comfortable.The
gentle heat of a herbal bath and the thought she was home relaxed Nancy,she lay
their gentle toying with her pussy getting a little aroused she thought she may
have a little play with a vibrator,"Thank god I don`t have to see him again for
another three weeks",she whispered to herself.Tamsin heard the hair dryer and
knew she was out of the bath,she waited a few minutes and then slid into the
master bedroom,found the switch where Frances said it would be,clicked it and
sat on the bed,cursing herself for ever meeting this family.

Nancy walked in to her room in just a towelling robe,she jumped when she saw
Tamsin sat on her bed,"Oh god,--sorry you made me jump,what's the matter you
look upset,can I help,is it the children?"Tamsin buried her head in her hands
and sobbed,Nancy quickly sat beside her,"There,there stop crying,tell me, you
know a trouble shared and all that".

"It`s my sister in law she may have cancer,with her already being an invalid it
would be to much for my brother,if anything happened to my family I
would----I-I-would kill myself",more tears as Nancy put her arm around her,"Oh
come on,you said may,you must be strong for them",Tamsin nuzzled into her
shoulder,"You so kind to me and I feel if only I had your strengths,I--I",more
tears,Nancy pulled her closer and lifted her head gently with her hand and
looked in to the tear filled blue eyes,"I`m not strong,I`m only a woman in a
mans world but I`ve learnt to look on the bright side",she smiled at the
beautiful blond,Tamsin moved forward and kissed her on the mouth,then backed
away to see the reaction,Nancy looked surprised as Tamsin said,"Thank you,I
think your wonderful",then kissed her again only this time a little more
passionately,she could see Nancy was breathing heavy and kissed again her tongue
licking across Nancy`s mouth,Tamsin felt Nancy swallow and her mouth
parted,Tamsin`s tongue darted in and started to explore and lick at the tongue
inside.

Tamsin worked on Nancy keeping her close,kissing her,pushing back until they
both laid back on the bed,Tamsin made sure there mouths never lost contact as
Nancy surrendered to the passionate kiss,she was already aroused from the
excitement in the bath she let her arms fall to ether side as the blond`s mouth
sucked at her tongue,Tamsin`s hand slid to the gap in the bathrobe pushed in and
found Nancy`s breast`s the nipples were already at the full length,Nancy monad
as fingers tickled her nipples,Tamsin took her chance and moved from her mouth
to her neck,kissing and licking all the way down until she pushed the robe apart
and set to work exciting the large pink nipples at the top of two very firm
round breast`s.

For a woman of her age Nancy was very firm, all the years of working out had not
been wasted as Tamsin moved further down over the flat stomach and trim
waist,the bones of her hips formed a perfect V pointing to a well trimmed bush
and a nice pink slit,the hood stood proud over the large nub of her clit,the
cunt lips were full and puffed out ether side of the now wet valley,Tamsin
licked at the slit as Nancy`s leg`s widened to allow the blond head full access.

All that the perverts had made her do to Monica and her niece was now being used
to bring this woman to her first orgasm the tongue worked on the flesh finding
the clit listening to the mounds and giving each part as much pleasure as the
woman could stand.Nancy,  not having had sex with another person for so long 
almost immediately reached her first orgasm, it flooded all over Tamsins face
almost immediately a second was starting to build.As her cunt ground into
Tamsin`s face her own hands pulled at the nipples and squeezed the round
tit`s,she bucked and squirmed wrapping her legs around the invading head forcing
the flicking tongue as far up her throbbing cunt as it would go until she spurt
another load of juice into Tamsin`s open mouth.Nancy collapsed on the bed her
legs dangled each side of the kneeling  blond,her breasts heaved as she sucked
in air,Tamsin suddenly got up climbed on the bed and sat over Nancy`s face, at
first Nancy just looked up in to Tamsins face until it disappeared between the
descending legs and started to lick at the blond hairs working round and under
her until her mouth covered Tamsin`s cunt completely.Tamsin lent back and wanked
Nancy`s cunt forcing her to suck harder at her while she bumped herself up and
down on the searching tongue,she let this go on for about five minutes before
faking an orgasm,sliding off and laying beside Nancy kissing her.Nancy kissed
back still wanting more,her tongue flicking in and out of the open mouth of this
beautiful girl,unknown to her all she had done had been captured on camera.

It was Wednesday around ten when Nancy went for a top up tan,Tamsin had told her
she was taking Monica out and she did`nt know where the boy`s were,she put the
goggles on and relaxed back under the blue light,she dozed a bit and had a
little play thinking of Monday afternoon with Tamsin.After an hour the machine
clicked off,she wrapped a towel around her and went back to her bedroom to use
the toilet.She went back into her room to dress as Frances and Troy walked
in,"Boy`s please, you could knock",Troy just smiled,"Sit down Nancy we have an
e-mail for your perusal",a little surprised at being called Nancy she sat on the
bed as the boys sat ether side of her,they gave her a lap-top,she propped it on
her knee and started reading,she could`nt recognise the sender address but she
knew the recipient,BEGANBORN Inc her husbands arch rival,it read,

Dear Sir,

   Knowing how much you dislike F Dorstain I wonder if you would like to show
some of the attached to your friend`s and I know you would like him to see them
too,have fun.

                                                                     A FRIEND.



She pressed the first attachment it read,WELL TRAINED, a set of pictures came on
the screen,they showed Nancy with her trainer,holding hands and kissing over a
restaurant table,she looked at the boy`s,"Carry on, there's more",Frances smiled
back at her.She pressed the next attachment,this one read,TWO INTO ONE CAN
GO,another set of pictures came on the screen,Nancy felt sick,so they are the
ones who knew about her dreadful secret,the pictures showed something she wanted
to forget.

After she had called off the affair the trainer had offered to work a months
notice,he said it would help him with money problems,so Nancy had agreed,the
pictures showed how he had made some money.Nancy remembered the day,she was
alone in the house, the Trainer had arrived and they were in the gym,she wore
her favourite leotard and had worked hard,in the break he offered her a drink
which she gratefully excepted,she did`nt know it had been spiked,with in a
minute she was helpless,unable to move a muscle but still able to see and feel.

Two men had paid him to administer the drug and then leave her in the
gym,alone,he had and he did,but the pictures looked as though she was a willing
participant,Troy whispered,"It was difficult to find the right ones but we
did",still dazed she looked at the screen as the first one showed her on her
back over a press bench her legs wide around a mans hips being fucked as her
head was turned to the side and a large cock was sunk to the hilt in between her
lips another showed her in reverse as she was fucked from behind doggie
style,while her mouth filled again, completing the double ender.As more and more
pictures of the men taking her cleared Nancy suddenly snapped,"It was you who
told him,my own son`s how could you cause your mother so much pain",Frances
looked her hard in the eye`s,"You stopped being our mother the second you opened
your legs for that dick-head instructor,so you can shut the fuck up and keep
looking,there`s more".he lent over and pressed the next attachment,it read THE
NANNY CLEANS OUT DAILY then cleared for the next set of pictures.Nancy`s heart
sank as the picture`s of Monday afternoon came up,her passionately kissing
Tamsin,her with her head thrown back as her nipples were sucked,her with her
legs wide open and a blond head between them licking her out and the one that
brought a sob to her throat of her laying fully exposed with Tamsin sitting on
her face while her hand tickled her cunt.She went for the delete button,Frances
laughed,"The original is set on another computer just waiting for me to hit the
send button,shall I?",Troy took the lap-top from her, still with her head bowed
she whimpered,"I take it you want something,something that will stop you sending
it",Frances felt the power as he looked at this elegant woman sitting on a bed
with just a towel covering her beauty,knowing she was totally
beaten,"MMMMMM,good question but yes you can save yourself from penniless exile,
first of all you don`t speak unless you are told,also put your hands behind your
head and leave them there and do it now".

With one last defiant throw of the dice Nancy looked at them,"Something in me
thought it was you,I knew you had somehow found out about my rape,I was good to
you,what has got into you,I did everything to make you happy",it did`nt work
Troy looked coldly at her,"The only thing that got in to anybody was cock`s and
tongue`s in you,now if you don`t want dad to know you are going to do a lot more
to make us happy,so shut the fuck up and get your hands behind your head.Nancy`s
head dropped again,she pushed the towel tightly between her breasts and slowly
put her hands behind her head.Frances pushed his hand between her cleavage and
tugged the towel free,Nancy tried to catch it as it fell away,Frances flicked
his hand out and caught her face"Keep your hands behind your head", she stared
at him with fury in her face,"For god sake I,m your mother",Troy gripped her jaw
and shoved her back on the bed,"You are nothing and you will be nothing if we
choose,you lay there and think of this,you ether do as we tell you or we hit the
send button,there is no other way,I will count to ten if your legs arn`t open we
leave this room and,well you know the rest".

"12345678"they got off the bed"9" their hands reached for the door knob"10"as
the door opened so did Nancy`s legs,the two of them stood by the door looking at
her laid on the bed her legs parted,"Open them fully and put your hands behind
your head",she stared at the ceiling,put her hands behind and opened her legs
fully exposing her beautiful naked body to them,Frances looked at Troy,pushed
his tongue out and wiggled it up and down,Troy smiled and they both went back to
the bed.

Sitting ether side of her,they smiled into her face,she closed her eye`s,"Oh
no,legs open eyes open and maybe a little smile for us",she looked at them,they
watched her jump as each one put his hand on the inside of ether knee,they kept
watching as their hands slowly slid up.While Troy stroked her thighs,Frances
cupped his hand over her cunt,she bit her lip,"Just think of me as another
trainer,talking of trainers,we are not going back to that boring academy,we are
going to have a private tutor who will spend a couple of days here and he or
maybe a she will give us excellent marks,you will make sure of that,even if it
means they do what they like with this",he squeezed her cunt,"Just like we are
going to".By now his finger was inside his mothers cunt,he had found it easy as
it was still wet from playing with herself under the sun-bed,"Ah Troy this cunts
wet already,she is going to be fun,Check her nipples,I bet their nice and
hard",Troy was on her nipples flicking the ends and rolling the nipple in his
fingers,Frances now had two fingers in pushing around inside her,she tried to
close her legs so he drove his fingers in as far as possible using his thumb to
squeeze her clit forcing a cry from her,her legs opened again.

He went back to slowly fingering her,his head dropped over her cunt and he
flicked his tongue over it,Nancy was a sexy woman,she had aroused her sensitive
cunt already and her body was starting to reacted to the sexual active being
played out by the boys,Frances knew that only to well as she fought to stifle a
groan,"Troy fun-time",Troy got off the bed and left,Frances stopped licking at
her cunt slid up her body and licked at the inflamed nipples, her body moved,her
hips lifted slightly allowing Frances as much room as he liked between her legs
his wet fingers worked harder.As the door opened Nancy heard him whisper,"Got
you",Troy walked back in with a very solemn Tamsin,Frances grinned up from the
naked woman,"Come here Nanny and kneel before me",Troy pushed her to the edge of
the bed and she knelt down,Frances pushed his fingers in to her face,"Lick it
off then get between her legs and lick her out,she`ll come over you very
quickly".Tamsin,in total despair of what was happing to her, open her mouth and
sucked in the juice covered fingers,licking and sucking until Frances pulled
them out,got hold of her head and shoved it between Nancy`s legs,holding it
there long enough to make sure her tongue was doing her then he got off the bed
and both boy`s watched for real what they had seen on camera.Nancy was well on
her way to cuming,she held Tamsin`s head hard into her cunt grinding her hips
hard over the lapping mouth,she cried and screamed at the same time as she
came,disgusted with her self at what she had let the boys do to her.

She lay there exhorted,Tamsin still knelt her face covered in Nancy`s wet
juice,Troy went and put his hand under the bed and brought out a bag,in it were
two dog-collars and leads,Frances put one around Nancy`s neck while Troy did
Tamsin,both using a vicious yank they pulled the women up,out of the room and
into theirs,Troy held both as Frances went to the wardrobe and got out two of
the sex shop costumes,he handed them one each,Nancy the school girl,Tamsin the
Nurse,"Get them on".

The two grown women looked ridiculous as they stood in front of the boy`s,both
women having no choice but to do as they were told,each one knew their complete
way of life was governed by the evil perverts grinning at them,"Nancy put your
hands together in front of you,stand with your legs closed and don`t speak or
move",Frances got a roll of duck tape and wound it from her wrists up and passed
her elbows,then he got the cling-wrap and wrapped her legs tight from ankle to
hip so she couldn`t bend her knees,finally he picked up Tamsin`s used
pants,stuffed them in Nancy`s mouth and held them in with more tape,"Nancy`s
been a naughty girl and should be punished,here Nanny do your duty",he went a
fetched a proper school cane and handed it to Tamsin,Nancy pleaded from behind
the gag her eye`s wide with fear,Frances bent her over and taped her wrists to
her knees,lifted the little grey pleated skirt and looked at Tamsin,"If you
don`t do it right then I will do you,understand",Tamsin nodded and stood behind
the squealing woman.

"All right Nanny,20 to start with and if the naughty school girl tries to move
or falls over we will pick her up and start all over again,do you both
understand",Tamsin nodded,Nancy moaned and squealed,wiggling her firm round
bottom beautifully as she tried to free herself.Thwack,the air shot out of
Nancy,Thwack again a muffled scream,Thwack,Thwack it was now a bitter sobbing
sound,until they reached the tenth when Troy stopped it,Nancy`s ass had ten red
stripes,the blue knickers were cut,tears ran down her nose and dripped on the
floor,she bent her head to the side looking for mercy only to see her next
torment,Troy had a small vibrator and he was coating it with chilly paste,she
watched as he went behind her then she felt the knickers being moved, felt the
vibrator being slid in her then the knickers let go holding it firmly up her,she
heard,"Nanny count to 60 then give our naughty girl the other ten".

She could hear Tamsin counting as she got to17 she felt the vibrator starting to
heat,it got hotter as the paste mixed with the wet juice caused by the
vibration,23 24 it was so hot her whole cunt was alive with uncontrollable
pleasure, she moved her bottom dipping and wiggling,32 33 her moaning and
squealing got louder,she was so excited she had never felt anything like
it,after all they had done to her,this was the worst,much as she hated herself
she was going to cum again,51  52 her ass was pumping up and down,the relentless
buzzing vibration on every sensitive part of her cunt had her leaking juice out
and down her squashed thighs,it ran between them behind the cling-wrap,she
wanted to scream,she had never had such a powerful orgasm,her whole body shook
when,Thwack 11,Thwack 12,the pain and the pleasure was to much for her to
comprehend,she was so sexed up the caning became another form of excitement,as
the cane struck,she jumped and the vibrator touched more of her overheated body
making her cum more and want fucking more,20.

The two boys stood ether side of Tamsin as they watched the gyrating bottom in
front of them,moving in tune to the grunts and squeal from the gagged
mouth,Nancy was mumbling,"mm   ah   mmtt,"Troy said to Tamsin,"What did she
say,"Tamsin looked at him,"Take it out",Frances smiled at both of them,"No,I`m
sure I heard her say,turn it up",he went between Nancy`s legs and the dull
buzzing became louder,O K Nanny, take your clothes off nice and slowly".Nancy
jumped  making her fall half on the bed,half on the floor,the boys laughed as
she rubbed her ass on the carpet,grinding her cunt into the floor searching for
relief,she looked at them,her cheeks blowing out,her head whipping side to side
looking ridicules in the under sized school uniform,due to her large tit`s some
of the buttons had burst,the push up lace bra now pushed her tit`s between her
bound arms but they ignored her,choosing instead to play with Tamsin as she
removed her clothes.

As soon as she was totally naked,Troy grabbed both her nipples and pulled her
forward,with lightning speed Frances picked up the cane and thrashed it down on
Tamsins bare ass,she dropped to her knees clutching her bottom,from her lips
came a howl that would wake the dead,Troy grabbed her by the hair,pulling her
face up and close to him he whispered,"We decided to give you ten of those,you
want them?"she looked at him with tear filled eye`s shaking her head,"No,what a
shame,so if you take these scissors,cut her free and then give her the best
fucking she has ever had,use your tongue up her cunt until we tell you to
stop,then we may forget the other eight",she looked at
him,"Eight",thwack,another scream,"Just to remind you,now get on with the
entertainment".

Tamsin set to her task,first she cut up the back of Nancy`s legs freeing the
cling-wrap and then untied her arms,Nancy ripped the tape from her mouth and
spat Tamsins pants out,as she did that Tamsin put her hand on Nancy`s dripping
cunt and started to play with the end of the vibrator.Nancy`s head rolled back
on the bed,her legs spread wider and she groaned,the boys smiled as the saw how
wet Tamsins hands were already,Frances lent down,"Get her on the bed,we want her
naked and you licking the paste out of her,I want that cunt nice and clean",As
Tamsin manoeuvred her on the bed and pulled the silly uniform off Troy left the
room.The two beautifull women rolled around the bed,Tamsin`s face locked between
Nancy`s thighs as her tongue licked and sucked at the heated cunt,she had
trouble getting enough room to run the vibrator over the rigid clit as Nancy
went into orgasm after orgasm while she attacked Tamsins cunt with her
fingers,the women were so engrossed in pleasuring themselves that they hadn`t
noticed Troy return with Monica,the two brothers and their sister smiled down at
the squirming woman,Frances whispered to Monica,"They seem to be having a lot of
fun do you want to join in",she giggled and nodded,"Go on then,strip off,get on
the bed and let them play with you".Nancy had been denied sex for so long that
she was almost sick with enjoyment her whole body on fire,her mind had blocked
out the fact that it was her own son`s that she was being forced to perform the
sordid act for,they had made her their sex slave.Tamsin worked on Nancy,this was
far more pleasurable then being tied up and caned,both women were so wrapped up
in perverted lesbian sex that the arrival of a third female body only heighten
their lust,Monica had been told to get between her mothers legs first,she was
sucking at the wet cunt as Tamsin sat on Nancy`s face,all three were perfectly
in place for Frances`s camera.

After another hour of cunt,mouth and nipple licking the three women lay
exhausted on the bed,the two boys were checking the twenty or more pictures they
had taken,they had everything that they had planned,their mother licking out her
own daughters young cunt,a wonderful triangle of all three of them buried
in-between each others legs,three different 69s,and their favourite,Tamsin and
Monica kneeling on the bed with Nancy behind them finger fucking both their
holes,using both hands with two fingers in each ass-hole and two up their
cunt`s,Frances said it would look good blow up and hanging in fathers office,now
it was time for the last stage of their plan.

Troy picked up the dog leads as Frances lifted Monica off the bed and carried
his beautiful naked sister back to her room as he covered her he said,"Go to
sleep sis there well be plenty of time for fucking you during the next few
years",he gave her nipples a playful squeeze,pushed his finger up her and licked
the juice off it as he closed the door behind him.Troy had fastened the leads
around the protesting Tamsin and Nancy,Frances was in no mood for arguing as he
pulled the leash`s and the woman scrambled off the bed,"Turn around nice and
slowly,"the women turned the boys admired their beautiful captives,the two red
stripes on Tamsin`s cute ass and the criss cross`s on Nancy`s firm round globes
looked very sore,they carried on turning,still getting over their activates
their large breasts rose and fell jutting out firm and proud from their
chests,"I think it`s time our prizes cleaned themselves up,it`s going to be a
long night,"Nancy went to speak but when Frances picked up the cane she fell
silent,"You will both shower each other and dry each others hair, you will cream
each others ass`s,then it will be make up time and we will watch it all,,just me
and Troy and of course my trusty camera".

The two women stood naked in the bath as the shower cascaded over them,the boys
made sure they soaped ever-where stopping them when they wanted to make the
pose,the same when they were drying,plenty of shot`s during the ass
creaming,then the make up,under their orders heavy black eye lines, cheeks made
up with plenty of rouge all finished off with red thick lip-stick,they made both
of them walk naked on the end of their leads to the lounge.

They were positioned infront of the drapes,Frances stood infront of them,"Now
lets get things straight,First Tamsin, we will help you keep out of jail but we
also have enough on you to make your life a total misery,this you can avoid by
staying here to all intense and purposes as Monica`s Nanny,that will include you
being our fuck toy to use when and how we like,of course we will be having your
nieces over many times for a fucking good fun week-end,by the way don`t think
anybodies going to get pregnant to get out of it, we do have a tame doctor,I
believe you understand,Now Nancy,you may stay here and live a full rich life we
are not likely to tell father again about your indiscretions,this is only if you
do as you are told,when he spend`s his month here we will all be a loving
family,we will see to Monica,all other times you belong to us, to play with as
we see fit,oh and don`t forget the private tutor,we think female as we can soon
get something on her,you will see to that,do you both understand".

Both women took a sharp intake of breath but eventually nodded,"Good,just to
make sure,come here Nancy,now when I say assume the position that means,legs
wide and hands clasped behind your neck,assume the position",Nancy
obeyed,"Good,bend your legs",as she did Troy came over and put his hand between
her legs and played with her cunt,keeping back from camera shot,"Look at me and
smile",he got a lovely full length shot of a hand up her cunt and her grinding
her cunt into it while smiling out from behind her red lips,"Stick your cock in
her mouth",again another full length shot of her, this time with her mouth
wrapped around a lip-stick coated cock,then another of her bent over the sofa
being fucked from behind and finally her sat on a cock smiling happily at the
camera zooming in as she pumped up and down.When Frances had finished he yanked
her to him and Troy took Tamsins lead,"You no longer have separate beds,I will
take the master room and Tamsin you put your stuff in my old wardrobe,soon we
will get some new clothes for you both,we have a catalogue of interesting attire
to wear around the house,but that's in the future,now lets go to our rooms.

The brothers took their new toys to their rooms and closed the doors,about an
hour later Monica was disturbed by noises from the two rooms opposite,beds
banging,women moaning and screaming,male voices saying,take it all bitch,get
your mouth round it and take it all down your fucking throat or stick your
ass-hole in the air while I fuck it,unless you want me to use the cane on it,she
woke a few times that night and she could still hear them,this would happen most
nights for many years to come, often she would be in one room or the other with
Tamsin`s nieces shouting along with them.


                                                                        PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





