BDSM Library - Look, That's Yo On TV




Look, That's Yo On TV
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl's train is late,it's dark, there is no-one there to pick her up but some-one does and she's in big trouble.
Another Story by PAGAN.

                                                                                
Look,That's you on T V.


In the dirty one room bedsit apartment the T V played the news,---Police are
concerned for the safety of a missing school girl,Alison Enwall,she was last
seen catching the 5.20 at Summercoats for the 40 minute journey to Ashington two
days ago,her parents will be making an appeal for her safe return on our later
bulletin,Alison is 5ft 4inchs tall with light brown shoulder length hair,she was
wearing a blue blazer and grey pleated skirt,police ask if any-one has any
information on her were-abouts could they contact them on 0800 4077999.---The
man pressed the television mute button on the remote and turned to look at the
girl.She was sat beside him on a hard backed chair,her arms were pinned behind
her,over the top of the top back stave then tied between the elbow and shoulder
pulling her arms painfully together,they had been tied like that deliberately to
make her young firm breast`s part as they jutted out,her elbows tied and
fastened to the middle stave then her wrist`s tied with the two ends of rope
pulled under the seat and holding her ankles painfully back up and under her,her
knees were tied to ether leg as they meet the seat pulling them slightly apart
as he stared at the pretty face,half covered by three lengths of duck tape he
said"That was you on the tele,the picture don`t do you justice,you much prettier
than that",the girl strained her eyes to look at him.

He was a stocky man short,not much hair,she looked at him as he pulled his chair
closer to her,he smelt and looked awful,he grinned at her,his stained dirty
teeth looked grotesque between his wet fat lips,she crinched trying to move away
but the ropes held her firm.He reached over to the chair and bent over her,he
placed his hand on her knee then slowly ran it up her inner thigh over her pubic
mound,stroking the light brown hairs of her bush,stayed a while touching her
between her legs,playing with her velvet cunt and then down the other
leg,repeating the move as he gazed in to the terror filled eyes,"Got to go
out,got to make sure of my alibi,can`t have people wondering where I am,would`nt
do to break my routine,might ask questions,might come looking for me,can`t have
them find my new playmate,we won`t be able to fuck again,I enjoyed what I did to
you on the bed,I want to do it lot`s more and there`s other things I want to do
with you,don`t worry I won`t be long,I want to hear what your mum and dad have
got to say about you".

As the door closed and she heard the lock click,Alison sobbed,her cheeks blew
out unable to let the full crying past the gag,she wasn`t cold but sitting there
tied as she was,completly exposed to all the world in her nakedness,it seemed to
take all the hope she had of seeing the out-side world again away from her,why
her,less than 72 hours ago she was a happy teenager with the rest of her life to
look forward to,now she was no longer a virgin she had been raped more than a
dozen times and was helplessly tied so tight she was unable to stop  the ugly
filthy beast from doing what ever he wanted to her again,how could this of
happened?

Alison had just made it to Summercoats station, the train was on time for
once,5.20 on the dot,she scrambled on but didn`t make it to a seat,oh well only
40 minutes to stand,she thought,as the train moved off.The next two stops more
got on than got off,she stood as people pushed by,she felt her skirt move and
someone's finger`s touched the top of her leg,she turned quickly,only to see the
back of a grubby man pushing down to the next carriage,then it happened,the
train stopped.As usual no explanation,it just stood there.Alison used her mobile
to contact home and explain,she said she would ring again at Ashington,after 45
minutes the train slowly moved forward and by the time it got into Ashington
station it was dark.Pushing and shoving the impatient crowd fought for the
exit,Alison pushed too aiming for a quite corner of the car park to ring
home,she was looking forward to a hot shower,food and a quite night by the
tele,oh no,as she reached the corner to ring the dam car park light was out, as
she fumbled in her bag she didn`t notice a figer approach but she felt the thump
in her kidneys which buckled her down in pain,she was spun round a shoulder hit
her in the stomach and she was suddenly up on the same  shoulder and being
rushed towards a old car,the boot lid went up and she was dropped in to the
trunk,all this took less than a minute,she was pushed face down,her hands
dragged behind and quickly taped together,her head pulled back and tape sealed
her mouth next her ankles taped then the lid slammed shut,the engine sputtered
in to life and she was being driven out of the station yard to-- ?

The car exhaust filtered in to the confide area,Alison felt dizzy,she
thought,would she live to get out, after about 20 minutes the car
stopped,everything went silent,she just lay there as she heard voices,then
nothing,the lid went up and a street light blinded her as strong arms lifted her
out,she was quickly through a door, up some stairs and into a room,a room she
would come to know well.He let her slide out of his arms to stand in the middle
of the crampet room,she looked about,there was not a lot of furniture,two
chairs,a table,a gas ring on a breakfast bar,a T V and a bed,then she looked at
him,she shuddered at the ugly slobbering man,should she plead,would he listen
now he saw her,what would he see. She was young,only 15, very pretty, bound hand
and foot,her naked well firmed legs looked gorges,her grey skirt a little to
much above the knee made them look perfect, with pale green pleading eye`s
looking over her well gagged mouth,oh god,the realization hit her she was every
perverts dream come true and it was then the first panic,the first tears
consumed her and she shook.

"Don`t you cry, very pretty girl must`nt cry, you must stop that now,I don`t
like it",he moved toward her and ran his finger up her face collecting the
tears,then he licked them off his fingers,she wanted to faint but he put his arm
around her and held her.He wasn`t much taller than her but she could fell his
strength as he held her firm,he put his other arm around and squeezed her to him
then he let his hand slip back across the front of her shoulder then to her
neck,he lovingly pressed the duck tape tight over her mouth then he let it fall
to her left breast,he fondled it gently, looking at her as her head slowly
shook,he took no notice as his hand moved to her right firm breast to carry on
abusing her.She could sense how excited he was,she felt sick as she watched him
dribbling as he worked on her breasts,then she felt worse as his hand started to
wonder down,he kept hold of her,he had to the way she was tied she would have
fallen but his right hand was free and he slightly bent to his right as he
slipped his hand under the hem of her skirt and touched her naked skin,he
stroked her knees then it started it`s upward journey,"Your skin is so soft,I
liked it when I felt you up on the train,yes very soft",she wiggled her knees
together trying to move him away but he still continued up,she stopped when she
felt him touch the side of her cotton panties and a pitiful moan escaped her.He
took his hand away,"Bend over and becarefull you don`t fall",she looked at
him,what was the pervert going to do to her,"Bend over,,just bend your knees and
then bend forward,come on you don`t want me to hurt you,I have a belt you know
and you have a cute ass".

She bent her knees slowly and lent forward being careful not to fall forward,he
held her steady until her pert young bottom stuck out,prominent to his view.Once
he was satisfied she would`nt fall he knelt behind her,she just stood,bent over
offering this pervert her most private parts unable to stop him enjoying her at
his will.She felt both his hands on her,travailing from her calf's slowly up the
back of her thighs until he was rubbing her bottom threw her snug fitting white
cotton pants,"You have a lovely bum,nice and firm",she felt his finger touch the
top of the crack and start to run down pushing her cheeks open as he did, slowly
he moved towards her puckered hole, she squirmed as she felt him push harder
until he touched her,her ass cheeks automatically closed holding his finger,she
heard him laugh,"You like me to touch you there,good I like doing that",she
fought to relax her mussels only to feel him carry on  pushing further between
her legs moving closer to her pussie.The position she was in made it easy for
him to rub her pussie,she could feel her pants being  pushed in to her virgin
pussie,she could`nt help but squirm again,"I like it when you do that,it makes
me excited,I go all hot and he goes hard". He stood up and pulled her up too,he
unbuttoned her blouse and pulled the two half's apart,her white full bra was now
on full view then he picked up the front of her skirt and tucked it in the waist
band showing her white pants fitting snugly between her legs, the outline of her
pussie was clear for him to see,he sat back on one of the chairs and looked at
her standing there exposed for his viewing pleasure,he took his large
miss-shaped cock out of his trousers and gazed at her,slowly he started  to
stroke it up and down,pulling the skin to the top,jerking himself off in front
of her.

She closed her eyes to the obscene act going on infront of her,only the sound of
him grunting made her open them,she wished she hadn`t as she saw the large
miss-shaped cock spurt juice out it`s hole,he just let his filth drop onto the
carpet,he didn`t even put it away as he got up and went back to her,"See,you got
me excited,had to get rid of that,would have been over to quick if I had stuck
it in you,"----"MMMMPPH MMMMPPH"instead of "Noooo Noooo" was all she could do as
his cum covered hand went back to playing with the soft material of her bra the
only thing covering her pert young breast`s,"You must be tired,you stood there a
long time,should have you laid down,but we don`t want to spoil your pretty
school uniform better I take them off".

He pushed her blazer off then her blouse,he went behind her and unclipped her
bra returning in front, he took no notice of her squealing,instead he grabbed
her head and pulled it forward then he pulled her bra up and over letting all
three garments hang on her bound wrists. He picked up more rope and started to
tie her elbows,"When I used to untie the others,they would try and run away so I
will keep you nicely tied",as he sliced threw the tape on her wrists,she
thought,"Other,god there were others",more tears as she heard her clothes drop
to the floor,he gripped he wrists and they were soon bound together again.The
zip on the back of her skirt opened and her skirt joined the rest of her things
on the floor she stood with only her cotton pants covering her.He stood infront
of her again,she could have been sick at the way his mouth dribbled its saliva
all over his fat lips,she did`nt want to look at him as his fingers toyed with
her large nipples but her eyes shot open as she felt the front of her pants
pulled forward,she stared at him as he looked down to her pubic light bush,it
must have excited him more as she felt some drips of his saliva drop on to her
bush,he reached down the front of her and rubbed the spit in to the top of her
slit,"You one of the prettiest ones I`ve had,I like them pretty,I like to play
with them, I want to play with you",he put his arms around her and lifted her
back, then he shoved her backwards and she landed in the middle of the double
bed.

For some unknown reason, even to  her, she started to struggle and thrash around
the bed trying to get free,he watched her usless struggle as he took first his
trousers off then his grimy pants,she struggled harder at the sight of him in
just a T-shirt.He gripped her arm and pulled her back to him as he got to lay on
the bed,she lay there helplessly in his grip,while his left hand held her his
right ran down her stomach and disappeared in to her pants.She tensed her legs
as tight as possible to stop the invading finger from pushing in to her,he
fought her for a while then stopped,"Oh dear this won`t do,have to tie you,tie
you so I can play with it and you can`t stop me".He was far to strong for her
and soon he had tied a rope around her waist,I length hung down from it behind
her,her ankles crossed and tied to the rope and pulled hard up,she sat their
distraught as the rope ran down the crack of her ass and held her ankles up
forcing her thighs wide,leaving her open to him,he pushed her back down,slid his
hand back in her panties and continued his game,feeling her and pulling her
hairs.enjoying the way she cried and squealed in to the gag.

She squealed much louder when she felt the knife cut her pants from her body
,she watched as he knelt beside her,his fingers now much more intent in getting
inside her,further and further he pushed,"Have you been a good girl or are you
the type that likes boys to play with you and fuck this lovely cunt",he soon
found out as her hymen broke.She was still sobbing as he knelt on her bound
ankles,positioned himself and started to drive himself up her.As he huge cock
pushed up the virgin hole she thought she was going to be ripped in half,her
eyes widened as she fought to unstick the tape to let out a scream,she looked up
to plead for mercy only to be meet by his foul contorted face grinning down at
her,his wet lips eyeing her defenceless body,her whole being shook with pain as
the ugly pervert fucked her tight dry pussie without pity,putting his full
weight on her then lifting himself up on one arm so his other could have total
freedom to bruise and pinch her subtle breasts until he felt himself cuming it
was then he built up speed ready to enjoy the ultimate pleasure of exploding in
her.

He rolled off her and lay panting at her side listening to her crying,his left
hand lay on her sticky cunt and he stroked it,"You nice,I like to do it to
you",he got up and she heard him as he went to relieve himself in the toilet,he
came back,"You want to piss",she had to,still crying she nodded,he lifted her
up,still tied the way she had been which made her look redicules as she tried to
sit on the seat,the rope running round and between her ass and cunt bringing her
ankles up,it looked like some kind of Buda yoga postion as she tried to piss.

He asked her if she wanted a drink she nodded,he must have done this many times
before,he tied a noose around her neck and pulled it tight,"I`m going to take
the gag off,make a sound I will ring your neck like a chicken",he ripped the
tapes off,gave her a tug to remind her,the strangled scream seemed to excite him
more as he put the cracked cup to her lips,she finished it,looked at him and
said,"Please let me go,I promise I won`t say anything about you,I`ll say you
blindfolded me,I`ll say anything you want me to but please let me go home",he
pulled the rope tight around her neck,again she gasped for air,"You want leave
me,after what we just did,the fucking I gave you,that`s not what a playmate
would say but you are so nice maybe I think about it,I have had your cunt on the
end of my cock,but I do like kiss young girls, what if you kiss me,show how much
you like me, kiss me nice,you know like a boyfriend",the thought of that mouth
on hers was revolting but maybe there was a chance,maybe if she played
along,"Allright a kiss it is".Her stomach was churning as he bent forward,she
was still tied crossed legged on the bed and he had the noose in his hand as his
mouth came to hers,she closed her eyes as their lips meet,he pushed hard at her
lips he wanted her mouth open and he wanted his tongue in her mouth,he forced
her until he had accomplished it and that's how he kissed her,she felt it was
eternity and she gasped for air when he finally withdrew. 

He odious face looked down at her,holding the noose tight he squeezed her cheeks
forcing her mouth open,she watched in horror as she saw his mouth working then a
long drip of spit slowly formed and dropped into her open mouth,"You
hungry".Gagging and feeling sick,she just blinked at him,knowing she had to
eat,"Good I`ve got something for you",Holding the rope tight he lent across and
picked up a cucumber.As Alison fought for air he cut more tape and once more
sealed her mouth tight,she watched his eye`s as he grinned down at her and
slowly looked at the rest of her lovely young body,tied cross legged he still
had her cunt open to anything he wanted to do,she felt his hands as he tickled
her,pushing between her pink lips"This is where it go`s,first".Her young body
fought to keep it out but he pushed it and out,in and out getting the length all
the way in,his fat lips grinned at her as he fucked her with it,in and out, in
and out,there was no mercy he told her,"Got to get it wet",she knew it was
already mixing with his juice and the blood of her broken hymen it did`nt take
long for her own body juice to make it wet.Suddenly he stopped,took it out,broke
off the end,ripped the tape off her mouth and stuck it in her mouth,she had to
push it hard into her cheeks or she would have choked,then he re-taped
her,keeping the foul tasting thing in,"You learn to like the taste of my cock
and you learn how to suck for a long time,now is time I fuck you again",she lay
there struggling to keep her air-ways open as he rolled on top of her,played
with her tit`s and smiled down at her,he rammed it in her,he had made her a
little wet,given himself a little slippy juice and he was enjoying fucking her
sore cunt again.

The fucking he gave her lasted for such a long time,being strong he only needed
one arm to hold himself,leaving his other to squeeze and pinch her nipples then
pull her cunt hairs to make her jump and wiggle,all the time taunting her,"You
like that,it`s nice to pull your cunt hairs,makes me harder,whats a matter,cat
got your tongue,can`t you speak with your mouth full,like sucking big things in
your mouth,you soon will,your mouth will soon be as used to my cock as  your
pretty little cunt here",despair filled her mind as she knew he was not going to
let her go.

She was in agony the way her elbows pulled, forcing her young tit`s out,it felt
like she was being forced to give them to him,her wrists were numb and having to
keep her legs up and with her thighs wide the cramp was horrendous she ached all
over as she felt him tense and then flood inside her again,he lay on top of her
for a while,his hands around behind her pulling at her ass cheeks until he got
off and went to piss.He came back in the room,"You  want to piss",she nodded,to
her surprise he untied her legs and took the rope from her waist,she could
hardly walk so he half dragged her until he sat her on the seat.

He stood beside her,smiling his cock inch`s from her face,holding her head he
ran it under her nose and slapped it against her face,she found the smell
revolting,he could see that and laughed as he smeared the sticky end around her
face,"You finished pissing",she nodded,he lifted her up and to a chair,"Better
feed you,you like beans",she just looked at him,"That's all I got,so you better
like em".he opened a tin and sat in front of her.put the noose back around her
neck and tied it off to the top stave of her chair,"You make a sound and",she
shook her head and he ripped of the tape,she open her mouth for him to take out
what was left of the cucumber and remained silent but for a little sob as he got
a spoon and feed her the cold beans.As he feed her he made sure to drop bits on
her chest,"I`ll clean them off later",laughing at his joke he gave her a
drink,cut more tape and sealed her mouth again then spent the next five minutes
licking the wasted beans off her tit`s plus giving both her nipples and really
hard sucking,biting them until she moaned with pain.

Taking her back to the bed he forced her to lay on her back and open her legs
while he tied her below the knee to the mattress handles and the same to the
other he told her he liked her legs as far apart as possable as he thought the
view was nice then he sat her up and untied her arms,when the were released they
were of no use,quickly, before the circulation came back he just took them and
tied her wrist`s infront of her,pushed her back on the bed he passed the rope
through a hole in the wooden head-board,she lay there waiting to be fucked again
but he sat on the end of the bed and switched the T V on.

He sat right through the late night news before muttering,"Playing for time",and
switched off,then he came and sat beside her,"Half past one,you ready for some
sleep",she nodded,"Tuff, I want to fuck that hole you have some more,it`s
winking at me",soon he was grunting away on top of her and there was nothing she
could do to stop him,his stamina was unbelievable as he went at her for what
seemed hours,until he had his fill.He rivalled in telling her how much he was
enjoying fucking her,that she was his and she would be fucked any time he wanted
to use her hole or hole`s,she did`nt have to go to school to learn what she was
going to be used for,she would find that out soon enough,he laughed at that last
remark as he untied her legs,then,with a longer piece of rope tied one end
around her knee passed the rope behind her neck and down to the other knee
pulling her knees up to just under her breast`s then turned her on her side and
nestled in behind her with his filthy wet cock pressed in to her,his arm around
gripping her left breast,he kissed the back of her neck said,"Goodnight my
playmate", and went to sleep.Alison`s mind was a whirl but her body was so
exhausted she could`nt help but sleep.

She woke suddenly only to find his huge cock in her, she was being fucked from
behind,she found her tears again and cried,"Oh you with me,you sleep heavy,I
been fucking you for all of five minutes,just thought I would use your charms
again,pity to waste a hard-on when your nice little hole was so close,you don`t
mind getting another fucking do you,I mean thats why your here,now where was
I",he slavered on her back as his cock started to hit her hard again and
again,tied the way she was he could get at her easily pushing it in all the
way,it hurt so much as she tugged at the rope but it held her firm,all she could
do was lay there while he defiled the most private part of her poor aching body
again.

He finished off by cumming inside her again but did`nt take it out,he went back
to sleep with his cock still stuck up the pretty teenagers tight cunt,Alison
tried hard not to move but she could`nt stop her body shaking,she was
sobbing,half in fear of what was to become of her,half with the thought that
soon he would be hard and ready to fuck her poor sore hole,oh god, the abuse
would start all over again.

She woke to the smell of toast,she did`nt know what time it was and went to
stretch only to be reminded that she wasn`t at home in her safe cosy bed but
still tied and unable to move, he looked at the defenceless bound and gagged
girl,"Toast",she blinked,he sat beside her and took of the tape she knew better
than to speak,he feed her a small piece at a time while still being tie the way
she was his other hand could slide over her bottom and finger the two exposed
holes he took a great deal of pleasure finger fucking her young cunt.As soon as
she had finished he gave her another drink before putting fresh tape back across
her mouth."You want to watch T V".she nodded,he untied the rope from the
head-board and wrapped it round her neck before releasing her legs then sat her
on the chair,tied first was one knee then the other to the chair legs,then he
untied her arms,dragged them behind her and over the back top stave,lashing her
elbows to the middle stave,this pulled her painfully back over the stave,her
bottom was hardly sitting on the chair,he got more rope and tied her arms
tighter between her elbows and her shoulders really hurting her,her firm young
breasts stuck out and parted,he admired her,he liked the way she looked,then her
tied her wrists leaving two long ends,they were used to drag her ankles back and
up under the seat and there she sat,infront of the T V totaly immobilized, as
the sick pervert played with any part of her body,sticking his fingers were ever
he chose, watching programmes she would normally watch safely in her own home.

So that's how she got there,what now,she sat there alone her whole body racked
with pain and unable to move,she heard a car door,then the front door,was he
back,oh god there was more than one voice,suddenly the door burst open and he
fell past her hitting himself on the breakfast bar,"You better have that fucking
money or I`m gona break your fucking ugly face,do you--------fucking hell,what
have we here?"A half stubbled filthy face came into Alison sight line just
before her head was yanked back,"Fucking hell,it`s her off the tele,you fuck,you
snatched a youngun,you`ve had her stashed here all the fucking time,let`s have a
look at what you got",him and another man stood infront of Alison,she tried to
look down but all she could see was her bulging breast`s sticking out,"A
sweetheart you ain`t the only one looking at your tit`s and to be honest the
rest of you looks fucking good too,how about you and me become real good
friends",he turned to the ugly man,"You left some fucking in her".She tried to
look anywhere but at them as they approached her,he took one of her tit`s and
the other man took the other,"MMMMM,you got a useful hand full,they would look
great with some elastic band`s round them,I bet they would pop up a treat,now we
are going to take the gag off,I don`t know what he said he would do if you
screamed but I will do ten times worse,comprenda",the fear in Alison was mind
numbing as his fingers pulled at the tape releasing her mouth,she instinctively
licked at the dry lips,"That's right sweetheart you lick those gorges lips,you
know what your going to do with them".

They were both taller than her captor and they looked far nastier when she made
eye contact she froze, his grin was pure evil,"Time to suck the snake little
lady and if you know what's good for you,you`ll suck it good",he opened his
trousers and pulled his pants to one side releasing an even bigger cock than the
one that had already taken her,she swallowed as his hand gripped her head and
turned her to face it,"Open wide",she slowly opened her mouth,he waited until it
was fully open and then he lunged at her ramming his meat in.She chocked,gagged
and coughed,tears ran down her face as he pushed in hard and held it
there,"Tickle it with your tongue while you suck it down your throat,thats where
I`m going to stick it,so if you want to live, breath through your nose,it won`t
make no mind to me I can fuck you dead or alive sweetheart",she fought to calm
herself breathing quickly in through her nose,as soon as she quietened down he
started pushing in and pulling out,enjoying the warm wet mouth working hard
,trying to suck him,he knew he was the first man to abuse her mouth.The other
man was playing with her body,squeezing her tit`s rolling her nipples between
his fingers and pushing under her fingering her,pulling at her clit,the man
fucking her mouth watched her wince as his mates fingers hurt her sensitive
cunt.

The fucking of her mouth lasted about five minutes but it was vicious,he
battered her face on to his cock before she got her first taste of male
sperm,the two of them admired the beautiful helpless girl,her face covered in
his cream before the second said,"You had your fun then Bert,my turn, lets get
her on the bed,I want some of that nice young cunt on the end of my boner".They
set two untying her,her wrists, her ankles, then her elbows and thighs,they
stood her up between them,she had been tied so tight for so long that she would
never had stood on her own,they didn`t untie her arms,they left the painful
ropes between her elbows and shoulder`s so they could play with her tit`s still
jutting out in front of her.They wiped her face with a dirty tea towel,"Got to
have you looking pretty for your next fucking",as the one called Barry through
her on the bed,she lay there shaking with fear as the two of them took their
trousers and pants off,her eye caught her abductor as he calmly turned the tele
on,Bert glared at him,"What the fuck you doing,you sit on your fucking ass,I
ain`t done with you yet",he looked back,"I need to watch new`s incase there is
something about her".Barry pulled Alison's legs roughly apart,"Let him watch,we
have our own entertainment,look at this sweet cunt I`m in for fucking this
baby".

Alison looked at him as he climbed between her leg`s,she started to plead,"No,no
more,I---",then she stopped,she could see by the look on his face he was going
to take her, fuck her anyway he wanted,the pain in her bound arms and the sight
of the other one getting on the bed beside her was enough to make her realize
she was just a piece of meat that they were going to do anything they liked
to.She felt the bulbous head of his cock penetrating her as the one called Bert
pulled her head to the side,"Stick it back in your mouth sweetheart,suck me
again,you got a cute mouth for cocksucking is that what you learn at school,do
they teach you to tickle the end with your tongue,they better have or I`ll ram
it right down your throat and choke the fucking day light out of you",she lay
there working on his cock while the other fingered and pinched her pussie while
he fucked her.Her eye`s were already filled with tears from the pain in her
arms,mouth and cunt and the none stop squeezing of her tit`s when she heard the
tele and her name.

"Police are still baffled by the disappearance of 15 yr old Alison Enwall,she
disappeared three days ago from Ashington station,her parents have agreed to
make an appeal for any information regarding her where-abouts",she choked on the
fat cock in her mouth as she could`nt help but cry at the sound of her mothers
voice,"Alison if you can hear  this message,please come home we miss you  what
ever is bothering you we can sort it out but please come home we love you,if
anybody is holding our daughter please let her go,she is a wonderful girl and
her family need her,if anybody knows anything,anything at all,contact us  for
god sake she has her whole life in front of,of,"she stopped and started
crying,as the three men in the room started to laugh. 

Barry grabbed both her legs and hoisted them up on to his shoulders,giving him
maximum access to her cunt,"Well mummy she here,just look at your bare assed
naked little girl getting the shit fucked out of her, we would like to send her
home but she`s a bit tied up at the moment and could be for a long time to
come",Bert joined in,"Oh yes,we have some information,for a 15 yr old,she can
hear you but she can`t speak right now, she sucking a cock real good and her
little cunt fucks up a treat,she really has got her hole life and the life in
her hole is all ours to fuck and play with when ever we like,she will be busy
for a long time to cum,cum being the right word,I`m sorry but she won`t be
cuming home tonight mummy but I will be very busy cumming in her,it may bother
her but it won`t bother me",he looked down at her,her tear stained face with her
mouth full of his cock,"Your mum says your a wonderful girl and your going to
get the chance to prove how wonderful you are by letting us fuck you all the
time"he looked at Barry,"Whats with these parents,don`t they know why we take
their young daughters,don`t they know we are going to fuck them to death,don`t
they know all men like a youngun on the end of their cocks wether it`s in their
mouths or up the cunt`s or ass`s".Her captor suddenly spoke,"Her mother was a
looker,you can see where she got her looks from,fucking good looking piece,nice
tit`s,looked big,thought she was her older sister",he looked at his bed, at the
bound pretty teenager being savagely raped at both ends ,"Your old man did`nt
say much,wonder why",Bert pulled his cock out of Alison's mouth,"Ya why".

Alison cleared her throat and tried to concentrate as she was still had her legs
up in the air being slowly fucked by Barry,"He works away all week,it`s mum I
see most of, we are very close",Bert looked at her,"Any more sisters like you,or
is your mother an idle bitch",Alison found talking about her mother  very
upsetting,"She---she works from home,I`m the only one,please don`t hurt me,let
me go back to her,I won`t tell,ple----aahhh",his cock was shoved back in her
mouth,"Barry get fucking her hard I want to see how hard these tit`s bounce,she
has great tit`s for a youngun,come on sweetheart,if you don`t want to be hurt
then suck harder and do some snogging with the top of the snake, a little
kissy,kissy would be just fine".

Alison worked on his cock knowing her life depended on how much she could
please,she sucked hard and ran her tongue over it while it was in her mouth then
let it slip out so she could kiss it`s full length,she worked hard not to stop
as Barry was fucking her very hard,her head kept moving with the movement as he
tried to make her tit`s bounce.She was relieved when she felt the sticky cum
fill her pussie and even more so as her mouth took Bert`s full load,they got off
the bed and gave her captor some money to fetch some cans,it was then that her
worst fears were realized.as he left the two pulled her to the edge of the
bed,she sat,her arms numb with pain as they waved their cocks in her face,"Come
on more sucking,you can take both of us this time",she kissed the tips of them
and then took them in turn into her mouth as she did,they talked,"That bastard
owes us,why don`t we take shag toy here,she `s good,we can keep her tied up to
the beams in the barn,have lots of fun with her there,you know,fucking her and
givin her a good whippen to keep her in line, take her to bed at night,she`s got
some good fucking in her,then, when we`ve had enough, we can make some money on
her,let anybody fuck her,they can do what they like to her and pay us for the
privilege then sell her on to the highest bidder",Barry agreed.By now they were 
both hard again,as Barry kept his in her mouth,Bert got on the bed,Barry pulled
her up and forced her to straddle Bert`s cock,Bert smiled up at the terrified
girl,"Gona do some bed bouncing while I play with them lovely tit`s".he grabbed
each nipples and pulled them up and down forcing her to move on his cock,then he
pulled forward and she fell on his chest,she felt the bed move as Barry got
on,oh god no,he was going to fuck her ass.He had got some washing up liquid on
his fingers he was pushing them up her ass-hole then positioned himself behind
her,"God she`s tight,come on baby relax your fucking ass-hole it`s going in,so
make it easy".She pleaded into Bert's face as she tried to move her bottom but
all she did was excite the cock already in her cunt,"Oh sweetheart can you
wiggle your ass when you have too,that's real nice" he just grinned as she felt
the hard end of Barry`s cock push into her virgin ass-hole,the way she was tied
just left her arms to flail around at her side in a pathetic attempt to save
herself, all Bert said was,"Get used to it sweetheart,all your holes are cute
enough to use, we like younguns so we are going to fuck all of them over and
over again".Again, the thought`s that she was just a piece of meat for men to
enjoy, came back in to her mind as she lay sandwiched between the two
rapist`s,her nipples being pulled and twisted,her cunt and ass being fucked so
hard she thought she was going to be ripped in half and all the time her arms
hurt so much.She had almost been fucked unconscious as both men shouted,"Fucking
hell,I`m cuming,"and they filled her holes again.As her glazed eyes opened she
saw the two of them dressed and drinking beer from cans,her captor had some more
burses on his face she realized then there was no hope for her, they had
convinced him she was to go with them.

The ugly little man strained to see the street out of his side window,he saw the
boot of the red car open and the struggling bundle dropped in,the lid shut and
the two men got in,the car pulled away and was gone in a second, he looked back
at the stinking room,there was the blazer,blouse,grey skirt in a pile on the
floor,the ripped pants and bra where under the T V ,rope and used duck tape
littered the floor beside the white shoes,he moved the sticky semen covered bed
clothes and picked up her school bag,he emptied it on to the bed and found her
little wallet,on her library card was her address,he thought,"I wonder how long
it will be before her dad goes back to work,I would like to visit her
mother,those tit`s looked great,infact from her long shapely legs all the way up
to the tussled brown hair that framed her pretty young looking face,she looked
great,I wonder what she`d do to find out where her daughter is,maybe he could
get her to come back here with-out telling any-one,he`d got plenty of rope and
tape,he could keep her until we all saw her face on the T V.

                                                              PAGAN.

 IS THERE A SEQUEL,DO WE HAVE A MOTHER AND DAUGHTER REUNION,WILL WE SEE THE
BEAUTIFUL MOTHER`S PICTURE ON THE T V,WILL SHE BE THE NEXT UNHAPPY OCCUPIER OF
THE FILTHY BED-SIT ?????




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





