BDSM Library - Annika In HR




Annika In HR
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Corporate life is drastically altered when a young hR director is abducted and taken to a farm where she is raped, lactation induced and fights in a dog fight.
The following is a work of total fiction and intended solely for consumption by
those legally of age and where ADULT MATERIAL is permitted. Strong subject
matter is contained and is for those not easily offended by such.

Any reuse of the material without the author's express consent is strongly
discouraged.

Thank you and enjoy.

Faibhar



Annika In HR




"I think it's time for our Human Relations Director's pre-employment physical,
don't you boys?"

As the blindfold was removed from her pale face, Annika Hannisom blinked at her
new surroundings. The rustic shack and the figures standing just feet away made
her woozy. She was worlds away from her corporate surroundings at Sego Corp.
Gone were the corporate partitions filled with staffers, tasteful muted colors
of walls and floors also designed to muffle sound, busy execs, her own secretary
and no-nonsense corner office with all of the glass and technology befitting her
as the appointed head of HR. Before her a tawdry orange kaleidoscope of faces
and a rural room all askew and out of focus revolved. She recognized the voice
and bright teeth near the center of the spinning room belonging to Jack Lang, VP
of Sales.

"Though my guess is," he paused for comic effect. "Right now she'd probably
flunk the drug screening."

Other male voices chortled. Annika stumbled drunkenly forward. Arms behind her
caught her fall. She could dully make out two other suits she thought also
worked at Sego and one elderly man in overalls. She never saw the old man
before.

"Remove the her clothes. Let's see what Sego's prettiest exec's been hiding
under all of those business suits."

Hands pulled off Annika's jacket. She was too drugged to protest the ripping of
her fine silk blouse as it was torn down the back. Her skirt went next. Fingers
messed up her coif and removed her earrings and the single strand of black
pearls from around her neck. The side of her hip was steadied as each foot was
lifted from her heels.

"My," the voice she was sure was Jack's said. "She does like fancy
underwear...those aren't ordinary Fruit of the Looms. Does the boss give you an
underwear allowance on top of your base salary too?"

The chill of metal sliced under the shoulder straps of her French bra. The back
was then cut and the rest yanked off. Her firm breasts spilled out and swayed.
The sudden indecent exposure mattered not to a mind too numb to care.

The garter belt and matching bikini panties came next. With hose already
removed, Annika stood before them nude. Her arm thickly covered one breast and
the palm of its hand spread over her crotch as she tried to make sense of it
all. Four years of college, several promotions and now this, thought the pretty
brunette. There'd always be a glass ceiling for female executives like herself,
that was to be expected. She just didn't like the idea of being so exposed under
its glass as she was now.

The prospect of turning The Big 3-Oh next year really didn't faze her. In
sports, she was still beating those ten years younger. Lots of macho types too.
But this was trouble said the tiny voice deep inside her head, and she knew her
intuition was right.

The men ogled the nude. They delighted as each feminine secret was unveiled
before their eyes. Then, too, most had timidly met the woman in job interviews
and seen her sashay the office. Watching the comely exec stripped, not just of
clothes but title as well added to their merriment.

Glossy chestnut hair framed buff shoulders. Wide lips glistened the color of
plum. Lashes partially covered hazel eyes that now were glassier and lacked
their normal laser precision. Beneath the slender neck swelled firm breasts
tipped in pink. They rode high above a stomach easily used to crunches well into
the three-figure range. Hips flared from the narrow waist. A sliver of tight
curls crowned sleek thighs. Knees touched each other as they led directly down
long shins to white feet.

Were she not a corporate executive, the nude could easily pass for a model,
which work actually had helped finance part of college.

"Woa! Our corporate VP is a natural blonde!"

She tried to clench her thighs tighter in a futile attempt to cover the thin
golden strip covering her pussy. Before applying for the HR position at Sego,
Annika had her blonde hair colored dark, thinking that the new shade would make
her seem more professional. Besides, she was tired of being the butt of "dumb
blonde" jokes.

Somewhere in the room Annika heard the voice she believed to be Jack's ask if
the place had a barn. Annika felt arms at her elbows guide her out of the shack.
Bright sunlight dazzled, but as her eyes became accustomed to the daylight,
Annika looked around. Everywhere she looked she saw nothing but flat agriculture
fields and rolling bare hills. In the distance, there seemed to be some kind of
road but when she looked back in the direction she was being led, she saw the
barn.

The voice spoke again. The walk had somewhat cleared Annika's head and now she
was sure it was the sales director's. She could tell by the sarcastic leer as it
was whispered close to her face.

"Welcome to your new home, Ms.Hannisom. And should I also say your new status?"

Annika craned her neck upward as her ankles were spread and tied to the frame of
the stall she was bent over. Hands pulled her arms down and out and tied their
wrists to more of the wooden frame. The rough wood rail she was bent over
scraped her stomach. Her breasts hung below, pointing toward a dirt floor.

"That's right," the voice whispered. "You're now just an animal in a barn. Meant
to suck, fuck and...oh yes, doctor?"

Annika saw another man kneel down near her outstretched arm. He tapped a syringe
and then stuck her. She winced at the burning pain as the man plunged whatever
the syringe contained into a vein in her arm.

"You might recognize Dr. Jameson. He also is from Sego. Anyway, he's come up
with a hormonal cocktail that you've just been injected with. It's meant to fill
those lovely mammaries of yours, get 'em working to pump milk. He claims we
should start seeing results by this time tomorrow and I, for one, hope he's
right."

Annika blinked her lashes. Being tied to the stall was humiliating. Sweat stung
her eyes.

"So...I guess you'll also be milked. Just like many livestock of your sex. Only
better, because in the meantime we can play with these..."

Her neck muscles ached. Annika let her head fall back down. She closed her eyes
and sweated more as she felt the hand fondle her right breast.




Shrill screams emanated from the barn on that afternoon, but not much attention
was paid to the female cries. Even a squadron of birds feeding on a nearby field
ignored the high-pitched wails.

"Go ahead and yell your pretty little head off," Jack said. "There's no one
around for miles to hear. Even if there were I wonder...would they care?" Lang
let his fingers trace the smooth contours of the presented ass. He let a finger
explore the small orifice, and then drove forth his oiled shaft.

Annika shrieked. Her hair flew up as her neck jerked, cording as it jerked and
turning and angry red. She felt the anal penetration for the first time. The
cock threatened to rip her apart.

Another of the sales staff grabbed a tuft of her flying hair. The swollen penis
erupted. Gobs of white splattered Annika's face as the one fucking her ass
thrust deeper.

"Okay, enough of this. It's time. Untie her."

The wracking sobs would not stop. Annika felt her arms freed and torso once more
straightened. She didn't have to be told what the wet running down between her
thighs was. Tears blurred but she was able to see the corporate types and the
old farmer surrounding her in the barn. A cloth rubbed clear her face. One of
the suits fitted a metal collar around her neck. A chain leash was attached, and
she was led from the stall.

Jack's voice again said, "Shave that pussy. I don't want the boys to get more
excited than they'll already be."

They walked through the barn and out another door. Darkness had fallen as they
stepped outside. The air was much cooler. A few stars above appeared in the
night's sky, crickets chirped, gravel crunched underfoot. The greatest activity,
however, came from a second, smaller building. As the group led the leashed
female lights inside the second building could be seen through various gaps in
the building's boarded frame construction. Noise made it clear that many more
people were gathered just behind its door.

The crowd noise hushed as she walked in. Annika hopefully peered around for
rescue of any kind. Surely help had arrived, but when she saw the dark
glittering eyes all staring at her and no one attempting to intervene, her hopes
for salvation were dashed.

Many of them were obviously farm workers, but there were some
professional-looking types in the crowd. They were all gathered along the
outside of a wooden ring. Naked light bulbs lit the space. The small arena's
wall was about chest-high. Its flat surface was empty at the moment.

Jack Lang stopped for a moment and peered at the crowd. Not seeing any females
in attendance he shouted, "Welcome, gentlemen." He glanced over his shoulder at
Annika and then gave her leash a tug closer to the ring. Shoving aside those
blocking his way, he unlocked a section of the short wooden wall, opened it, and
pulled Annika inside.

"You lucky bastards are here to witness this one's very first fight."

Annika stumbled after Jack and stood inside the ring. Forlorn and confused, she
looked to the red-haired VP for help only to find herself totally ignored.

Perspiration wet her forehead as she pleadingly looked at Jack, but he ignored
her and concentrated on unlocking the chain leash from her metal collar. She
reached for him and almost called out to implore him, but he already turned and
left the ring, leaving just her.

The crowd around the ring grew more animated. The dark eyes still glittered, but
raucous noise returned to the small building. Hands waved and voices shouted.
Annika found that she no longer was the focus of everyone's view. They now
shouted amongst themselves.

It took her only moments to realize their shouting made bets for, and against
her.

Jack Lang reappeared as sort of a de facto emcee , though he remained outside of
the ring. As he raised up his right hand the crowd once more grew silent and
gave him all of their attention. His full baritone seemed to swell to the
occasion as he said, "Let's get ready to...rrrumm...well, whatever." For a
moment, the crowd's spirits plummeted as his voice lowered, but then he said,
"Welcome to the Battle of the b-b-Bitches!" Hoots and whistles rang out.

Annika froze. The rafters above the gleaming lights shook as the crowd cheered.
At the far end of the small ring she saw some of the laborers pulling open a
section. They closed it up as Annika realized that she no longer was alone in
the ring. Peals of approbation greeted the new arrival. A furry little animal
ran in.

She shook her head clear. The small dog looked friendly enough. She extended her
hand and took a step towards it. Annika froze a second time. The black mutt's
lips curled to reveal sharp white teeth. Its tail hung still between its legs
and ears pinned backwards. Annika rapidly glanced over her shoulder. Lang and
his cronies along with others were there but just smiled. She turned back to
face the mongrel, but now it was growling and racing right at her.

Jack, or no Jack, she had to try. Annika pivoted and leaped toward the ring wall
behind her. Her hands hit the wood hard. Immediately she swung a leg up. Her
foot easily landed on the top of the wall. Using every bit of her arm strength,
the tormented HR Director boosted the rest of herself up to try and get out of
the ring. She ignored the boo's as her second foot left the ground. Sweat
streamed into her eyes as the first face she saw on the other side was Jack's.

She knew several things were amiss. A solid force hit her lower calf as she
raised the second leg. About the same time, Jack leered and shoved her off of
the top of the wall and back into the ring. Annika's breath left her as she
landed on the hard surface. Lights above looked to her like swirling suns. The
force she had felt was the dog. Annika twisted on her side and screamed. Blood
streamed from her lower leg held between the animal's jaws. She rolled, but
their clamp on her leg held tight. Getting back some of her breath knocked out
in the fall, her other leg kicked out. Its heel hit the side of the canine's
head. If anything, the dog's grip grew more determined. Annika rolled again,
this time sitting up. Her hand flew at the growling beast. The heel of her palm
knocked into the sharp teeth. Annika ignored the pain and hit with her hand
again. She used the heel of her foot and this time hit the dog's flanks. She
made a fist with her bleeding hand and slammed the small, but hard head.

More in frustration at not being able to break the dog's grip, Annika screamed
and fell back down. Twisting as she landed, she swung her leg with the dog
biting her calf. The two combatants were close enough to the perimeter. The
canine's back slammed into the wall with a crack loud enough to be heard by many
in the riotous crowd. Splinters flew from the wall as its spine connected.

Annika slowly rolled her shoulders and lay on her stomach, sobbing into her
arms. The dog she had fought lay silent, its back broken.

Jack Lang grimly smiled as those around him cheered the human female's first
victory. He signaled two of his salesmen. They would take the battling HR
director back to the barn and patch her up.




Annika awoke. Straw scratched her cheeks. It all seemed like a nightmare. She
became upwardly mobile, and attempted to flee from all of the horrors, but her
neck would not follow. The silver leash glinted tautly in front of her. It led
to a rough wood panel. Her stomached jumped as she realized that the dream was
all too real and that she was tied inside another barn stall.

"Take it easy now," said the voice of the doctor as he wrapped bandages around
the lower leg. "Your hand and leg needed some stitches, but they should be fine
as long as you rest."

White cloth wound around her hand. Looking over her shoulder, Annika saw her
bandaged calf. Pain from the wounds and memories of her abuse returned.

"Will she be okay, doc?"

Jameson finished wrapping the fresh leg bandage and looked up at Lang. He nodded
and grinned.

Seeing the medico do his thing, Jack used a hand to brush back his red hair.
This new day his business attire was exchanged for casual wear. "Good. When
you're done bring her to the house. We've got a meeting to attend!"

Annika wearily gazed around as she was tied to the chair. The cabin interior
looked as she remembered it. So did the faces of the original group and the
farmer. She looked to the wall she faced as Jack Lang set up a screen.

"Yup. New tortures today...not just another meeting," he said and looked at the
members of his staff for approval. "But to add to the misery illustrations in,
of all things, PowerPoint."

Annika heard the chorus of mock groans. She had attended enough conferences
where the presenter used the slide program. Most had been pretty bad.

Jack Lang finished setting up the LCD projector in the small living room and
began with the first slide. The screen illuminated. Annika saw a photo of
herself back at her Sego office. She was wearing her Armani and that made her
remember the staff meeting where the CEO of the company had lambasted Jack for
his disappointing sales record. All, she recalled, were embarrassed for the VP's
humiliation and secretly happy it was he under the gun and not they.

The Armani-clad woman seemed very professional as she sat behind her desk. The
slide made Annika acutely conscious of her present situation. She absently shook
her head to shake out a strand of straw stuck in the tangles of her colored
hair.

The next slide Jack showed proved even more revealing. Hot tears filled her
eyes. Shame scorched her cheeks. Annika recognized the rear of herself as she
was bent over the stall.

"That should be enough for now," Jack said later and opened the chintzy drapes
to let more light into the room. "Take her back to the barn, and I think you
guys know what to do."




Annika whimpered as her hurt ankle was pulled and then tied to the barn's stall
frame. She was bent over the rail, like before. Stabs of pain shot through her
bandaged wrist as it too was pulled and tied. One of Jack's people held up her
head by pulling her hair and inserted a brace that kept her jaws apart. The
metallic tasted fowl and her jaws already hurt. She tried to swallow. A hand
patted her ass once she was tied. She felt her cheeks pried open, and then the
penetration. Her ass hurt, but not as before. She felt the cock thrust in.

That morning Annika's garbled cries mingled in the barn with male grunts and
groans as the HR director was again assaulted. With the added assurance of the
brace keeping the female's jaws from clamping down on their members, the men
happily plunged into her mouth. Spent cum not swallowed seeped fro the parted
lips.

"These beauties I do believe are ready, right doc?"

A pail was placed under Annika's breasts. Jack was the first to milk the swollen
mammaries. He stroked the swollen orbs downward. At first, little happened. Twin
yellowish streams then shot downward. Milky streaks followed, first splattering
into the metal container and then splashing as more collected in its base.

Jack gave over the milking chores to an assistant and lifted Annika's chin. "See
what I mean about being milked...animal?" He laughed at the pained expression on
his colleague's face. "They look just like udders."

When more was caught in the pail, it was passed around and the men drank. Lip
smacking and coarse jokes about Got Milk? abounded. Jack straightened his khaki
Dockers and said, "We need to leave, men. Tomorrow's a workday, remember?" He
turned to the old farmer, placed a hand on the man's sloping shoulder and said,
"Before we go, though, let's put the bitch in one of the big dog's cages. You,
my man, will be in charge of her until when we return next weekend."

Annika breathed softer as she huddled inside of the tight wire frame. She had to
kneel and brace her upper body with her forearms. There were only inches above
for her to move. She felt the door swing behind her, and then heard it lock. She
was caged!

"This will give her what amounts to constant PMS."

Jack Lang looked at the syringe held up by Dr. Jameson. Testosterone, he knew,
would interfere with the hormones driving her mammaries, but this new concoction
of the doctor's would make her plenty ready for the next fight. "Well, what are
you waiting for?"

Dr. Jameson shrugged as he continued to hold up the filled syringe and said,
"Sorry...but I don't know where to inject her."

Jack grinned at the concerned physician and said, "Do like the radio commercial
for cattle medicine says, Shoot 'er In The Chute."

Jameson paused, at first not comprehending, but then seeing Annika inside the
bars moved to her rear. He jabbed the needle between the bars and felt it enter
her upper hip. He emptied the syringe.

"That's better. Now, let's round up and get to my car."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





