BDSM Library - Departure




Departure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the next part of a short story called "Arrival", about a woman's first taste of serious bdsm.
Departure

Click...click...I locked my suitcase and set it on the floor. My first weekend
was almost at an end.  Soon, it would be time to go.  He walked over to me and
stood with me by the window.  "What are you thinking?" he asked wrapping his
arms around me from behind.  I smiled, "The same thing you are"..he squeezed me
tight.  "I don't want to go" I said sadly.  He said nothing...but began
unbuttoning my sweater, I didn't resist.  When he had it all the way open he
fondled my breasts roughly, making me gasp.  He pinched my nipples and pulled
them until they stood way out, begging to be sucked.  He pulled up my skirt
around my waist, exposing my cunt and ass fully. He rubbed my clit making me
moan.  It hadn't occurred to me that we were standing in the window, until this
point..I opened my eyes and noticed a man standing beneath the window watching
us.  I began to pull away from him, reaching instinctually to pull my skirt down
and sweater together.  He held me tight.."Be a good girl slut.." He said kindly. 
Kissing my shoulder.  My breathing was heavy.  I hadn't wanted to go public, as
in a club.  I didn't think I was ready to let strangers see me degraded.  But if
he thought it was time for something a little less degrading, I certainly would
obey him.  I relaxed.  He kept on rubbing my cunt..sliding fingers in and out of
my dripping hole.  I was withering and moaning.  He told me to look at the man
watching me get off like a whore.  Then he instructed me to lick my lips.  I
didn't right away and he shoved his cunt covered fingers in my mouth "fine, you
can lick this then bitch" He was in no mood for any hesitation.  I sucked at his
fingers greedily, not wanting to anger him, and hoping he would continue rubbing
my cunt after.  He gagged me a couple times with his fingers, my body lurch
forward, making my breasts bounce.  He noticed and gagged me again to watch my
body.  He must have been pleased because then put his hand back into my pussy
and began getting me off fast.  He told me to play with my tits for the man, I
did...sucking on my own nipples as my clit was being pinched.  The man was now
rested against a tree, he had a paper in his lap but I could see his hand moving
under it.  "Do you see him rubbing his cock for you? He is thinking about all
the ways he could use you right now...should I invite him up?" He was testing
me.  "If that is your desire" I answered smartly.  "Good girl...now you can cum
you fucking slut" I reared into his hard cock as I came, rubbing it between my
ass cheeks, my cum making it slippery.  "Tell me what you are" He demanded as I
squeezed his hand between my thighs.  "I am a fucking whore, I am your whore,
your slut your pig..oh God!" It never wanted to end, my body kept shuddering. 
He took his hand away and rubbed it on my face.  The man watching was gone.  "He
came before you did" he hadn't let me go yet and I didn't want him to.  "Will
you use my ass?" I asked, wanting him.  "What do you say cunt?" He was happy I
was wanting to please him.  "Please use my whore ass, fuck my ass please" I
begged pushing myself into him.  "Hump my cock..rub your ass on it" He let go of
me and waited.  I began rubbing my ass against him hard...it felt so good. I
ground into him, up and down, humping my ass on him like the slut I knew was. 
"PLEASE! Fuck my ass...God ...please.." I wanted him in my tight ass so much.  I
longed to scream when he pounded into me.  He just laughed, and let me keep
going.  "Shut up, look at you, you fucking pig..loving rubbing your wet ass on
my cock..begging for it up your ass..." He was pleased with my performance.  He
grabbed my hair and pushed me, face down into the bed.  His cock slammed into me
with no finesse...one hard swift motion and he was all the way up me   Drawing
out the scream I longed for.  It must have been loud, because I felt his hand on
the back of my head pushing it hard into the mattress to smother the cries.  He
fucked fast and hard.."Is this what a whore like you want's?..IS IT? CUNT?" He
was ravaging me. "God YES!!" I cried.  "FUCKING SLUT!" he grabbed my hips so
hard I screamed again thinking he would break my skin with his bare hands.  He
stopped suddenly, I didn't move.  He walked away and when he returned all I
heard was the warning SWISH of the whip.  CRACK! Into my throbbing ass.  "OH
FUUUUUCK!!!!" I screamed..my body wanting to move.  "Don't fucking move cunt...I
want you to think about me whole flight home, sitting on your welted ass, it
dripping my cum down your whore legs...DO NOT MOVE" CRACK! "UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" 
I was burying my head into the bed, my fingers clutching at the sheets as I
tried to stay still for him.  "Tell me you want to be reminded who's cunt you
are" He was calming down.  I was crying as I answered.."I want to feel you
always, I never want to forget I'm your whore, please whip me, please don't let
me forget.." I was sincere in my groveling to be hurt by him.  I didn't want to
forget who owned my soul, I wanted to feel the pleasure in the pain that came
from him.  I wished I never had to leave that bed.  CRACK!! I sobbed into his
sheets, inhaling the scent of him.  He stopped.  And without a word resumed
using my ass.  "May I touch myself?" I asked wanting to cum for him while he was
in my ass.  "Yes, cunt" He fucked harder.  I began fingering my cunt and rubbing
my clit, both hands under me, all the pressure of his weight on me as I brought
my orgasm on almost effortlessly.  "for you...I'm cumming for you..." I
breathed...I came and felt my ass clenching his cock as he pounded.  "Good
girl...I'm going to fill you with my cum pig...say thank you" he ordered.  " Oh
god..thank you...thank you.." My clit throbbed again.  He yelled as his body
collapsed on mine, filling my ass with his sweet hot cum.  I choked back a sob. 
God how I wish I never had to go. 

We stood at the gate until the woman finally said I had to board or I would miss
the flight.  I was tempted to just stand there and watch the plane go without
me.  But I had things I had to get back to, another whole life waiting for me. 
I looked into his eyes.  I had no idea what to say.  He didn't seem to either. 
I laughed .."Well, it was nice to actually touch you ...it was even nicer to be
touched by you.." He smiled and hugged me, his hand lightly squeezing my freshly
welted ass.  "Think about this time together for the entire flight home, every
time you move your dripping ass remember it's my cum filling you, when the
stinging gets bad from the sitting, remember it's my hand that brought you those
welts" He was commanding me even in that moment..and I loved it.  "I will" I
teared up.  "No, don't cry, we'll see each other again, I have no doubt" He
smiled reassuringly and kissed me.  I kissed back, hoping he would feel all the
things I didn't know how to say.  "Last chance Miss" The lady in the ugly blue
blazer said, obviously irritated with us.  I nodded.  "OK..good bye, I'll call
you when I get home" I smiled at him.  "Ok..take care..I'll be waiting for your
call.." He smiled back.  I hugged him once more, "Thank you" I whispered in his
ear. He squeezed me so hard I couldn't breathe.  "Ok..well..goodbye then.." He
almost looked like he would cry too. "Good bye" I said I again.  I didn't look
back as I walked away towards the plane. I knew he was a part of me, I knew I
would be back.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





