BDSM Library - My Story




My Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of how I was forced to become a permanent cuckold to my wife and her new lover.
My Story

My wife of seven years, Karen, has, for the past few years, has been 
opening up  more and more sexually.  She has always been very conservative 
and still is in many ways but we have done a few threesomes with other men 
and she has found that, while still shy and reserved, that she enjoys the 
extra attention.  She is a very beautiful woman.  At 41 she can pass for 
her mid-20's.  She is very tall at 5'11".  She is only 125 lbs, has very 
long legs, 34C breasts, and shoulder length brown hair.

After we had a few experiences with other men, she has found that she 
likes being treated rather roughly and enjoys being taken hard by someone 
with alot of stamina.  What really boggled me was that she has found that 
she enjoys situations more if all I do is watch her pleasure someone 
else.  The best I could expect was to be able to be with her after she had 
finished off someone else.  Over some time I was having sex less and less 
with her and she seemed to be looking forward to these trysts more often.  
Her sex with me became more and more lackluster.  I knew she loved me but 
our sexual relationship was failing.

Well, our lives and relationship changed totally a while ago.  We were 
planning to meet a local man we had been chatting with online for quite 
some time for the first time.  He said he was very dominant as well as 
very well hung.  I am rather well endowed myself so those words don't 
usually effect me too much.  But Karen said that this time she wanted to 
try something different.  She asked me to agree to what she wanted without 
actually telling me what she had planned.  Well, I love her more than 
anything and she had always gone along with my desires so I agreed.

About 30 minutes before he was to arrive, she had finished taking a bath 
and she asked me into the bedroom.  She was already dressed in a black 
lycra full zip miniskirt, black thigh highs and a red silk camisole top.  
We have a padded bench at the end of the bed that we pile our clothes on.  
She asked me to move it to the side of the bed so the short side of it was 
right next to the mattress.  She then retrieved several of the cuffs that 
we use when we play around with BDSM.  She is usually rather submissive so 
we have a good collection.  She asked me to undress and put on one of our 
cock rings that thickens my cock alot and makes it protrude.  She then got 
out a pair of her blue silk bikini panties and asked me to put them on and 
then to straddle the bench at the end.  I was starting to get nervous and 
wonder just what she had planned.  This was so unlike her.  When she saw 
my hesitation she reminded me that I had agreed to do as she asked.  I 
asked her why she wanted this.  We had never invited someone else into our 
bedroom before.  We had always kept that as our private zone.  She said 
that she wanted today to be different and for me to go along as I had 
agreed to.  So I straddled the bench.  She bent down and put leather cuffs 
on my ankles and strapped them tightly to the legs of the bench.  She then 
cuffed my hands together in front of me and then locked them to a leather 
belt around my waist.  After placing a blindfold over my eyes, she said 
that she was going to leave me here alone for awhile while she greeted her 
guest.  i asked her if she was going to bring him upstairs and she said: 
"Maybe." And then she left.

After about ten minutes, I heard our doorbell ring.   I heard her exchange 
greetings with someone with a deep voice and she invited him in and to 
come to the living room to chat.  I wanted badly to be able to get up and 
sneak to the stairs so I could hear them and maybe see them on the sofa 
but the cuffs of my ankles were out of my reach and I couldn't see them 
anyway.  I could hear murmuring and occasionally the tinkling sound of her 
laughter. After about what must have been 20-30 minutes I heard footsteps 
on the stairs and heard them enter the bedroom.  I heard Karen's voice 
say; "Ron, this is Larry."  A deep voice then said; "So this is the wimp 
you've been telling me about that can't properly take care of your 
needs?"  

She said; "Yes, that's him."  

I felt my cheeks flush with embarrassment.  That just wasn't true.  I had 
always been a very good lover and been able to make her cum several times 
in each session.  I then felt hands behind my head and Karen removed my 
blindfold.  I blinked a few times and focused in on a large man standing 
next to the bed.  He had at least 5 inches on me at about 6'3" and must 
have been about 210 lbs.  He was rather muscular and was dressed in jeans 
and a polo shirt.  

Ron said to me; "Hello, Larry.  From looking at you there in panties all 
tied up, I can see why Karen needs someone like me to take care of her."  

I looked at Karen pleadingly and she seemed like she was about to bend but 
Ron put his hand behind her head and pulled her close to him and pressed 
his lips to hers quite hard.  I could see Karen stiffen, then relax, and 
then open her mouth to his.  After about a 30 second kiss, Ron pulled her 
back from him and told her to choose right now what she wanted.  She 
looked back and forth at him and at me.  

And then, in a shy whisper, she said; "Larry, please forgive me, but I 
really want Ron."  

Ron then said; "Karen, now that you have made your choice, I want you to 
make it very clear to Larry whom you desire,why, and how all this is going 
to continue.  Straddle the bench facing him and tell him to his face."  

Reluctantly Karen  straddled the bench facing me a few feet away.  Her 
skirt rode up over her creamy thighs revealing the tops of her stockings.

Ron said; "Look him in the eyes and tell him."  She did. 

She said; "Honey, I really want to do this with Ron."  

Ron shook his head and told her: "No!  Really tell him."  She asked what 
he meant.  

Ron said: "Karen, you can see he's nothing but a pussy and a loser.  He 
can't do anything to stop you.  Tell him how much you want me!  Everything 
that you and I have talked about and have already done is going to come 
out into the open right here and now.  I am not going to have you 
repressing your needs any more!" 

Karen got a smile on her face and looked at me again in the eyes.  

Ron told her; "And slap his face while you tell him!  Really get his 
attention."  

She looked a little scared.  Ron moved behind me and held my head still in 
his hands.  

He said; "Karen, slap this wimp's face and tell him."  

She slapped my cheek lightly and Ron grabbed her hand and told her to do 
it right or he was leaving right away and she'd never see him again.  

Karen said; "No!  Wait!  I'll do it."  

Ron held my head again and told her to go for it.  Crack!  came her hand 
across my face.  Again and again.  

She said; "You haven't been giving me what I need.  So I'm going to take 
what I need and there's nothing you can do about it." 

Crack went her hand again.  

"I have here a real man who is going to do things to me that you never 
will be able to.  And all you're going to be able to do is watch.  Your 
days as man of this house are over!  I am going to do everything with Ron 
and also do alot of things that I have never done with you"  With my face 
red and stinging, Ron released my head and moved behind Karen and lifted 
her camisole above her head, baring her breasts.  Her nipples were already 
stiff and there was a red flush to the skin  She lifted her face up to his 
and they kissed each other long and hard for several minutes.

"Tell him the rest, Karen.  Now.  You're safe.  There is nothing he can 
do."

"Do I have to?"

"Yes.  Do it now."

She sat down in front of me.  In a gentle voice she said, "Honey.  The 
whole truth is that I have already been with Ron three times behind your 
back.  We haven't gone all the way yet but even though we haven't, he 
makes me feel things that I have never even come close to feeling with 
you.  That's why I "let" us meet him and start to include him into our 
games.  But this is more than a game, Larry.  This is a man that I want 
more physically than I do you."

My heart sunk down to my toes.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  I 
had always felt that opening up our lifestyle the way we had would 
preclude the need for cheating or exploring out on our own.

It was then Ron's turn to stand right in front of me while straddling the 
bench.  

"Well, Karen," he said.  "Should I show you both what you'll be getting 
tonight?"  

Karen's eyes lit up and she said "Sure!"  He stood right in front of me 
and unbuttoned his jeans, unzipped them, reached inside and pulled out his 
half hard cock.  My God!  It was huge and it was only half hard.  Mine 
grows to about eight inches erect but this was already about 7 inches and 
growing both in length and thickness.  Karen got a big smile on her face 
and licked her lips.  

"What do you think, Karen?" he asked?  

"It's beautiful."  She answered. 

 "Think we ought to have your man get it ready for you to play with?" he 
asked her?  

"Do you think you could?" She said.  "I've never imagined him doing that."

"Not only can I." Ron said, "But how would like like me to guarantee that 
you can play with as many large cocks from now on as often as you wish to 
with no interference from him?"

"God, I would love it.  How do you plan on doing it?"

"Go get a camera." He said.

She came back with our digital camera and was standing there in 
anticipation holding it.  Ron told her to get ready to photograph what he 
did.  He held my head in his hands again with his cock sticking out right 
between us.  He was fully hard now.  I couldn't believe it's length and 
thickness.  It had to be over 9 1/2 inches long and close to 6 inches 
thick.

"Larry, what you don't know here is that I have been talking to Karen on 
the phone for several weeks now.  She has told me that while she loves you 
and doesn't want to lose you she does want to be able to go out and have 
fun whenever and wherever she wants to.  She is worried about you not 
being able to handle it and eventually doing something like making her 
activities public.  Right here and now, we are going to ensure that you 
never do that.  Now, Karen, start taking pictures.

With that he started to rub his large cock all over my face.  I tried to 
turn away but he held my head tightly.  I saw the flash going off out of 
the corner of my eyes.  I couldn't believe that this was going this far.

"Open your mouth, Larry."  Ron said.  I just couldn't.  I had never done 
anything like this before.  I was so embarrassed.

And then Karen said; "Open your mouth, Larry.  It'll make a nice portrait 
in case you ever complain in the future.   It'll be my assurance that you 
never do or say anything stupid.  I don't want it to end between us but I 
have found that I do want more freedom."  

I still kept my mouth shut.  I just didn't want this to happen but being 
secured the way I was to the bench there were not a lot of options for 
me.  And still with all of this happening I could feel myself getting hard 
even through the cock ring.

"Ron, squeeze his balls" she said.  

With that, Ron reached down onto my panty clad balls and squeezed them 
hard.  My mouth opened in the sudden shock and pain.  He took that 
opportunity to slip his cock deep into my mouth.  And the flash cube went 
off.  He kept hold of my head and kept his cock in my mouth.  It was now 
fully hard and I could feel the way it stretched my mouth it was so 
thick.  He started to slide it in an out of my mouth and Karen kept taking 
pictures.

"Ron.  Look down at his cock" Karen said.  "He's hard!  You were right.  
Sucking cock did turn him on!"

"I didn't think I would be wrong on that, Karen.  When you described him 
to me I was sure he would learn to love it, if only to keep you in his 
life.  Isn't that right, Larry?"

Shamefaced, I looked up at him and then over to her.  "Answer me!"  Ron 
said.  I slowly nodded my head to them.  "Don't nod your head like a 
fool.  Look at her and tell her that you like it and would do anything to 
keep her living here with you!"

I looked over to Karen standing there topless, her nipples fully extended, 
wearing only her thigh-highs and lycra mini-skirt  She looked so 
beautiful.  And I knew that what Ron had said was true.  I was so lucky to 
have her even if she gave herself sexually to other men.

"Yes, Karen.  I do like sucking Ron's cock. I would do it and anything for 
you to keep you in my life."

"Well, Larry." Karen said. "Then you had better get back to work at it.  
And willingly.  I think I'll continue to take pictures of you doing it 
just in case you change your mind in the future though."

With that, Ron released my head and pulled his cock back a little from my 
face.  I resigned myself to it and bent my head down to his cock and stuck 
my tongue out and started to lick it all over as Karen continued to take 
pictures.  I opened my mouth and let it slide inside and I began to suck.  
Ron grabbed my head again and started to fuck my mouth.  He shoved it so 
far in I gagged a few times but found that I really enjoyed the feeling 
not only of doing it but doing it to please Karen.  After several minutes 
of sucking Ron, he pulled out.  He and Karen looked at each other and 
smiled warmly.  He sat down on the bed and motioned her to sit next to him

"Well, Karen.  Now that we have made sure there will be no future problems 
with this wimp, what do you think?"

Karen said;  "You certainly did a masterful job at turning my husband into 
a slut, Ron.  Do you think that you could now do the same with me?"

"But of course, Angel"  He said.  "Is that what you want to become?"

"Yes, I want to be taken and taken hard.  I want to be driven over the 
edge by that huge cock of yours.  I know it can touch me in places that 
I've never been touched before.  I want you to make me do things I've 
never done before.  I want you to possess me."

"And if I succeed in doing all that you want done to you and it's the best 
ever, what's in it for me?"

"I'll be yours.  She said.  "Forever."

"And will you do whatever I say when I say it and to whom?"

"Yes, I'll do anything to please you."

"And you know that I will have to enact an entirely new set of rules 
governing how you interact with your husband forever?   Not that you'll 
ever really want to sleep with him again after I am done with you except 
in pity, but you'd both have to ask my permission and prove yourselves to 
me before I would let it occur?"

"That's a very big step, but if you do for me and make me feel the way you 
say you can, I can't really see having it any other way.  I'm doing this 
for me as you know.  I've put up with his sexual desires for seven years.  
Larry was the one who awakened these needs inside of me.  Let him live 
with the consequences."

"And what about him?"  And he jerked his head over to me on the bench.

"He'll have to deal with it, right?  That's what those pictures are for.  
If he loves me as he says he does, he'll stay."

Ron laughed. "Karen, I can guarantee ways to make him stay regardless of 
how he feels.  We can make it so he'll never undress before another woman 
again.  Would you like to have complete control over him and know that 
he'll never leave you even if you rarely ever give yourself to him and 
then only with another man's permission?"

"Sounds interesting.  But how would you accomplish that?"

"Quite simply, my dear.  First you and I would require him to wear on of 
those new, plastic, lockable chastity devices 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week.  This way masturbation and an erection would be totally impossible.  
I would hold the only key.  If you both mutually decide that you wish to 
have sex beyond him licking you, you would both have to individually give 
me a blow job.  No problem for you, my dear, because you've already proven 
how much you enjoy it.  But your sweet spouse will be presented with a 
dilemma and a new skill he must master if he ever wants to have a chance 
to mate with you again."

"Sounds like you have been thinking about this already, Ron.  But what 
prevents him from leaving and being with another woman?"

"Karen, what woman would honestly allow a man into her bedroom if he had 
the word "Cocksucker" tattooed on his lower stomach?  I'll tell you. Only 
one who was going to put him into a relationship just like the one we are 
talking about.  Or else he could go gay."  Saying that, he giggled.

"Well, it sounds like you have all bases covered.  It would be nice 
knowing he'll never leave me or ever be with another woman ever."  

"Well, then.  I think you should tell him. Don't you?"

Karen straddled the bench again and looked into my eyes.  She said; 
"Honey, I do want Ron to do everything I said to me.   I want to be his 
slut.  I still want to be your wife, but I want him to possess my body.  
If he does what he says then he and I will do to you what he just 
suggested and make this change permanent.  How was that, Ron?"

"Fine" he said.  "Now get up, Slut.  And come over here to me."

Karen walked over to him and stood before him.  "Take off your skirt."  
Ron said. "And be quick about it.  I don't want you wearing clothes around 
me again."  She reached down and unzipped her black lycra miniskirt and 
let it fall to the ground.  God, she was beautiful standing there.  She 
was nude except for her thigh high hose and a lacy black thong I had never 
seen before that had been hidden under her dress.  She stood there before 
him and he came up to her, grabbed the back of her head tightly and drew 
her lips to his.  He kissed her mouth very hard, almost brutally, for 
several minutes.  I could tell that the kiss was almost hurting her and 
had she had to gasp for breath. He let go of her head and put his hands on 
the waistband of her thong and pulled in upwards so that it was wedged 
between her pussy lips.  Even from where I was sitting I could see the 
wetness glistening through the thong and moistening her thighs.  After 
holding it there for a little while, Ron kept pulling upwards on it until 
Karen was forced onto her tiptoes. When she was almost totally off her 
feet, almost her entire weight suspended by the material wedged in her 
pussy, the thong broke and she slumped back down breathless.  Ron was 
standing there with the ripped remnants of her undergarment held in one 
hand.  He showed them to her and said; "These are the last panties of any 
type you will ever wear around me.  Now what should we do with them?"  
When he said that he glanced over to me.  He took her thong and rubbed 
them all over her wet pubic area, soaking them completely.  He came over 
to me and pinched my cheeks, forcing me to open my mouth.  He stuffed her 
thong into my mouth and told me to enjoy how wet a real man makes my 
wife.  The odor and taste of her beautiful pussy filled my mouth and there 
was nothing I could do.

Ron then reached up to her breasts and grabbed onto her nipples and began 
to slowly pinch them.  I could see her eyes start to roll back into her 
head as he did that and her knees start to buckle a little.  Without 
releasing her nipples he used them to lead her over to the bed.

"Undress me the rest of the way, Karen" he said.  And she pulled his polo 
shirt over his head.  Then she went down to her knees and untied and 
removed his shoes and socks.  Finally she pulled his pants down al the way 
and off.  When they both were nude he pulled her onto the bed by her 
nipples and everything started for real.

Ron laid Karen down onto her back on the other side of the bed.  He placed 
his head between her legs and laid down on his stomach right in front of 
me.  His ass was right in front of the edge of the bench in front of my 
face.  His erect cock was pointing back between his legs towards my face.  
He began to lick and suck on her pussy noisily.  From where I was all I 
could do was hear her moan and watch her legs move.  She kept telling him 
how good he was and how she could feel how wet she was getting.  He sta
rted to move his fingers in and out of her pussy and it was obvious that 
Karen was on the verge of having her first orgasm of the evening.  She 
moaned out that she was going over the edge and I could see her thighs 
clamping Ron's head tightly as she shuddered in orgasm.  She fell back 
afterwards and lay still for about a minute.  Then she sat up and starting 
kissing him all over his face and lips.   She kept thanking him for giving 
her the best orgasm of her life.  Ron laughed and told her that there were 
alot more of them coming to her tonight.  He then asked her if it wasn't 
his turn now.  She said sure and then she looked over his shoulder at me 
sitting there.

"Would you like to watch me blow Ron, dear?  After all, why should you be 
the only one?  And she laughed at me in my predicament.

"You know, Karen.  There is something he could help out with." Ron said.

"What's that?"

"Why don't you get up and push his face down into my ass before I get up 
and let him give me a rim job.  You can even spread my cheeks for him."

She said "O.K." and moved around behind me.  "Please don't, honey."  I 
begged her.  "Don't make me do this."  She laughed and told me to do as 
Ron asked.  She asked me how I would feel if those pictures she took got 
out to anyone we knew.  She put her hand on the back of my head and 
started to push my head down to his ass.  I tried to resist her but she 
just reached a hand down into the panties I was wearing and started to 
squeeze on my balls.  I gave up and let her wedge my face between the 
cheeks of his ass.  "Now keep it there!" she said.  I did as she said.  

Ron said; "I can't feel anything happening back there, Karen.  I want my 
asshole cleaned.  Do me a favor and grab the belt out of my pants."  She 
did as he said.  "Now Larry."  Ron said.  "I'm going to have Karen start 
whipping your back with the belt if you don't start making love to my ass 
and asshole with your tongue and quickly.  Karen!  Give him a taste."  She 
struck me across my shoulders with Ron's belt.  it didn't hurt too much 
but I knew that if I resisted she would do it harder and harder.  So I s
tuck out my tongue and started to lick and kiss Ron's ass all over.  He 
told me I was a good boy and to continue.  He sort of moved up onto his 
knees and started to push his ass harder into my face.  He also started to 
move in a way that let me know that what I was doing was exciting him.

"Spread my cheeks, Karen.  So he was get his tongue all the way up my 
ass."  She spread apart his cheeks and I resigned myself to pushing my 
tongue as hard and as far as I could up his rear.  I could feel the ring 
of muscle relax and allow my tongue to enter.  The smell was not too bad 
and my saliva had covered any taste so I just started to move my tongue in 
and out just like a little cock.

"Very good, Larry.  I'm starting to think that you like your new role."  
Karen said.  "Now you just keep doing what you are doing and I'm going to 
go around and service a man's cock.  I kept my head there and she went 
around and started to suck his cock.  From where I was I couldn't see at 
all what she was doing. But I told feel Ron start to move his hips back 
and forth in excitement.  Then I could see her hand reach under his cock 
and wrap her fingers around his balls and start tugging at them.

"God, Karen."  Ron said.  "You're doing me so much better than the first 
few times.  I told you that getting everything out into the open with him 
would make all the difference.  I also bet you're going better because 
you're doing in front of Larry without having to worry about anything.  Is 
that right?"

All she could manage with her mouth stretched wide with his cock was a 
muffled "Ummmhmmm".

Ron then lifted himself up off of my tongue in his ass.  He told Karen to 
go and get a clean glass for him because he wanted to do everything right 
tonight.  She jumped up and went out of the room and returned in a minute 
with a glass from the kitchen.  Ron had repositioned himself on the bed on 
his knees sort of facing me.

"Karen," he said. "This evening is special for everyone here.  We are all 
aware, some of us painfully aware, of the changes that are happening with 
us all tonight. We want to do this right.  I want you to get back on your 
knees and start sucking me again.  I am very close to cumming.  I want to 
cum into your mouth.  I know you haven't let me do that yet, but you and I 
both know that that is going to change.  When I release my cum into your 
mouth, I want you to hold it there until I am finished.  Then I want you 
to open your mouth and show Larry what you have there.  When you have done 
that, I want you to spit the cum into the glass.  Do you understand?"

She nodded her head looking a little quizzical but got on her knees in 
front of him and started sucking him again.  For the first time tonight I 
could see her taking him into her mouth.  He was so large that there were 
about six inches that she couldn't take into her mouth.  This part she 
stroked with her hand while she fondled his balls with the other. She did 
this for only a minute or two when Ron started to move his hips back and 
forth faster and faster.  He gripped the back of her head with his hands.  
From where I was sitting I could see his large balls swell even larger.  
All of a sudden he groaned and held her head firmly.  I could see her eyes 
open wide and I knew that he was pumping his sperm into her mouth.  He 
withdrew his cock from her mouth when she started to gag and told her to 
move over to show me what he has given her. She slid over in my direction 
and opened her mouth slowly, almost daring me to look inside her mouth.  
It looked like a sea of white fluid coming up to the level of her lower l
ip.  My wife's mouth was full of his seed. He then handed her the glass 
and told her to start filling it.  She bent her head over the glass and 
released her mouthful into the glass.  There must have been an ounce or 
two of fluid now in the bottom of the glass.

"Good girl, Karen.  Now go kiss Larry deeply and pass the remainder into 
his mouth.  Larry, she's not going to be kissing you too much in the 
future so I would suggest you taking advantage of it."  She smiled at him 
and then me and bent her head down to kiss me.  She removed the thong from 
my mouth.  I kissed her back but kept my mouth closed.  She reached up and 
pinched my cheeks until my mouth opened and she passed the remainder of 
his salty fluid into my mouth.  She kept kissing me until I was forced to 
swallow it.  She put the thong back into my mouth and she moved back to 
the bed to be with Ron.

Even after cumming so much, Ron's cock hadn't really diminished much in 
size and hardness.  He took hold of her hair and pulled her head back down 
to his cock.

"I want you to get this back to full hardness, Karen.  And I want you to 
get it really wet.  You know what's going to happen next, don't you?"

She nodded her head yes.

"What's going to happen to you, hun. Tell me."

She lifted her head off of his now hard cock.  "You're going to fuck me 
with it, aren't you?"

He laughed.  "No, sweetheart.  You are going to fuck me. This is both a 
physical and psychological release for you, Karen.  You are going to be 
the one the first time to put it into your pussy and to accept your new 
desires and freedom. Do you understand me?"

"I think so." she said.

"Yes, I do know how much you like being taken and taken hard by a man.  
And I will do that and do it to you very often.  But this first time is 
sort of an acceptance ritual that you must undergo yourself.  And you are 
going to talk your way through it with my help.  You make your commitments 
and promises as you do it.  Your life changes forever from here.  Are you 
ready?"

She looked nervous and it her lower lip while he sat there waiting for her 
answer.  Finally she nodded her head in the affirmative.

"Tell us, Karen"  he ordered.

In a small voice she said; "I'm ready, Ron.  I want this. I want to be 
yours."

"Stand here in front of me and spread your legs slightly, Sweetheart, for 
now your journey begins."  She did as he said and he began to rub her 
gently and then harder between her legs.  I could hear the sloshing sound 
from how wet she was.  He used his other hand to pull her head to down so 
he could kiss her hard.  He then slid off the bed and sat straddling the 
end of the bench opposite me facing me.  His huge cock was pointing 
straight up in the air.  He held her hand and asked her again if she was 
ready.  She again nodded her head.

"Then straddle the bench over my cock facing your husband and hold my cock 
in your hand.  Larry needs to see this."  I would have to admit that by 
then I was getting desperate.  I looked at her pleadingly.  I was able to 
spit out the thong that had been in my mouth.

"Honey, I beg of you please!  Don't do this.  I will do anything for you.  
But for God's sake, please don't!"

She looked at me.  "Honey, it's too late for begging.  This is the way it 
is going to be from now on.  I think we both know that you won't leave me 
if you love me as much as you say you do."

"Shut up, Larry."  Ron said.  "Shut up, watch, and above all, listen."

Karen was there straddling the bench holding Ron's cock right under her 
vaginal opening.  She was so wet that her juices were literally dripping 
down upon his cock.
"Now, Karen." Ron said. "As you do this I want you to say out loud what I 
tell you to.  Understand?"  She nodded her head yes.

"O.K.  Now put the head of my cock at the entrance of your pussy and rub 
it back and forth on your outer lips."  She started to do so and a moan 
escaped her throat.  "Now repeat after me, Karen."

"Larry, I am about to impale myself onto the cock of my dreams."  She said 
it all.

"When it is all the way inside me, that will signify that you will never 
enter my pussy again without Ron's express permission." She said that as 
well.

"Now put my cock into your pussy and slowly lower yourself onto it, 
Karen."  She started to sit down upon the bed and I watched as it started 
to stretch her lips wide.  Her eyes opened very wide as she lowered 
herself upon it inch my inch.  There was a grimace of both pain and 
pleasure on her face.

"Now tell us whom you love, Karen."

She whispered; "I love you, Ron."

"Louder."

"I love you, Ron!"  Her eyes never left mine.

"And who owns you from now on for the rest of your life?"

"You do, Ron.  You own me."  She kept staring at me.

"And whose slut are you, Karen?"

"I'm your slut, Ron."

"Louder!"

"I'm your slut, Ron!"

"And are willing to get a tattoo displaying your ownership for everyone to 
see, Karen?"

"Yes, Ron.  I'll do that for you."

"Promise?"

His cock was now just about halfway in her and she lifted herself off an 
inch or two so she could bear back down on it.  She kept holding my gaze 
and I could see her eyes start to roll back into her head.

"You will get our tattoo as soon as I am done with you here today.  I have 
a friend who is an artist who I have already asked to be here in about an 
hour.  Do you agree?"  She nodded her head yes.  "Good because he will be 
here to do both yours and your husband's."

"Now I am going to proceed to take you the rest of the way, Karen.  I want 
you to tell me how much you love me as I do.  Is that what you want?"

"Oh God, yes.  Do it.  take me and make me yours, Ron.  I love you.  I 
have from the moment we started talking.  Possess me."

With that he grabbed onto her hips and forced her hard down the rest of 
the way onto his cock.  She moaned out both in pain and pleasure as he 
penetrated her deeper than any man ever had.  When he was fully inside 
her, she turned her head to the side towards him, looked into his eyes, 
and told him that she loved him and then proceeded to kiss him deeply as 
she started to bounce up and down on his cock.  He pulled her up onto the 
bed and put her on her back.  He then got on top of her and plunged his 
cock deeply into her.  He fucked her very hard for a long, long time.  I 
lost track of how many times she came.  She was moaning up a storm and 
kept telling Ron how much she loved him and how good he was making her 
feel and begging him to give her more.  He told her eventually that he was 
almost ready to cum.  He pulled out so that only the head of his cock was 
inside her.  I couldn't believe what was transpiring.  I also couldn't 
believe that I was fully erect myself watching my lovely wife leave me 
forever, in a sense.

"You remember, Karen" he said.  "When you told me that no one was allowed 
to cum inside you?  And that you never fucked anyone without a condom?"  
She nodded her bed yes in the daze she was in.  "Well, I have been fucking 
you without one, haven't I?"  She opened her eyes wide. That was something 
that she hadn't even considered in the heat of the moment. 

 "It's o.k., isn't it?"  he said?  Slowly she nodded her head yes.  

"And you know where I intend on cumming, don't you?"  

"Inside me?" she whispered.

"Yes."

"But you know I don't let men do that."

"But I'm not any man, am I?"  She shook her head no.

She said;  "But that sort of breaks my rules."  He laughed at her.

"Sweetheart, this whole evening has been about breaking rules.  Right?  
You said I owned you and because of that I intend on cumming inside your 
pussy because I own it.  Do you understand?"  She slowly nodded her head 
yes.  "Then spread wide.  Because we are going to go all the way and we 
are going to cum together and you and going to tell me again how much you 
love me while I am pumping your beautiful pussy full of my cum."

Ron pulled her over so that she was in front of my bench.  Karen spread 
her legs wide.  Ron grabbed them and put them over his shoulders. He 
entered her in one long push.  Her eyes opened very wide because he was 
able to go very deep in that position.  All I could see was her pussy wide 
open and his cock pistoning in and out of it.  I could see his balls grow 
again and I knew he was very close.  With a groan from him and a scream 
from her I knew that they were both cumming at the same time.  I could see 
his cock throbbing as it pumped sperm deep into her fertile pussy.  Then I 
saw white trails of cum on the sides of his cock as he kept plunging in 
and out of her even while cumming.  After a few more strokes, he went in 
as deeply as he could and just held it there as she writhed in her many 
orgasms.  Then they both lay limp for several minutes.  When they 
recovered a bit they started to giggle and kiss each other and tell each 
other how good it had been and how many more times they were going to do 
this for the next several years.  Eventually Ron said he should pull out 
so she could get cleaned up because the tattoo artist would soon be 
there.  Ron removed his cock and stood off to the side of the bench.  I 
was staring right up into Karen's pussy.  It was wide open and I could see 
the flood of Ron's sperm inside of her.
"Well, Larry."  he said.  "If you don't want her pregnant, you had better 
get to work cleaning her up."  With that, he pushed my mouth onto her red, 
inflamed, abused pussy.  "Start sucking."  he said.  With my mouth down 
there.  He held Karen's hands and pulled her up into a sitting position.  
When she sat up all the cum inside of her flooded out of her pussy into my 
mouth.  I didn't mind the taste but there was so much cum mixed in with 
her juices.  I was so hard being forced to do this.  I again couldn't 
believe how turned on I was.  When she was cleaned out and I had swallowed 
several mouthfuls of their fluids, Ron retrieved the glass filled with his 
cum from her first blow job.

"Karen.  Look at how hard Larry is from watching all this.  He is actually 
turned on about losing you."

She looked down at my panty clad cock and saw it bulging through the 
silk.  "Oh my God!" she said. "You were right, Ron.  All this turns him 
on.  Larry, how can you be hard when you are losing me?  And I thought you 
cared."  And she smiled at me.

"I'll tell you what, Karen.  I will permit you to jerk him off one last 
time but only through his panties.  And while he cums one last time, he is 
going to drink my cum in this glass.  What do you think of that idea?"

She reached down and grasped my hard cock through the silk panties and 
started rubbing it.  "Sounds like a fitting end, doesn't it?  This is 
going to be the last time I make you cum for a long time, Larry.  Enjoy 
it."  What she was doing felt so good.  Ron came up behind me and tilted 
my head up and pinched my cheeks so that my mouth was open.  He held my 
mouth open and poured the sticky mixture of his cum and her spit into my 
mouth.  It filled my mouth full and I started to gag. He closed my mouth 
and held it closed with my head tilted up so I couldn't spit it out.  
Karen started to massage my cock faster and faster through the silk.  The 
feeling was indescribable.

Ron said; "Larry when you start to cum, you are going to swallow 
everything that is in your mouth.  Understand?"  At that moment, I let 
loose and released a large quantity of sperm into the panties.  As I did, 
Ron pinched my nose and stroked my throat forcing me to swallow his whole 
load in my mouth.

"Very good, you wimp."  he said.  "Remember those feelings.  Because you 
aren't going to cum for a long while and whenever you do in the future, 
it'll be with the taste of my cum in your mouth.

With that they released my and let me sit there in my sticky panties, 
feeling so ashamed at what I had gone through and lost.  They sat back on 
the bed and smoked a few cigarettes.  They talked about their future and 
how much they loved each other.  After about 15 minutes, the doorbell 
rang. "Guess who that is, honey?"  Ron said.  "The tattoo artist for me 
and Larry?"  She replied.  "That's right.  Why don't you go down and let 
him in and bring him up here."  Karen got up totally nude and went down to 
open the door.  After a minute or so, she came back into the bedroom with 
a nice looking guy in his 30's who had a large kit of things with him.  
Ron told him that her and I were going to get tattoos of his own design.  
Karen looked eager but I was begging not to have this down to me.  Ron 
said that it was going to be done no matter what because Karen wanted the 
guarantee that I would never cheat on her.  I started to thrash about and 
try to break the bonds but they were too tight.

"Hold him, Ron"  said the tattoo artist.  And he rummaged around in his 
case for something.  Ron came up behind me and held me down.  As I 
thrashed about I felt the tattoo artist come up behind me and place a 
moistened wad of cotton over my mouth and nose.  It was a sickly sweet, 
cloying odor.  They were going to knock me out and do this against my 
will!  I had to do something but I could feel myself slipping away.  And 
then blackness enveloped me.

When I came to, I was very groggy and had a horrible taste in my mouth.  
My belly was also very sore and my cock felt different somehow.  I moaned 
out and I then saw Karen and Ron sitting there on the bed chatting and 
looking pleased with themselves.  Ron was in his jeans and Karen was in a 
robe.

"Well, look who's awake."  Karen said.  "Welcome to your new life."

Then I remembered what had happened and I started to feel sick to my 
stomach.

Karen got up from the bed and came over to me.  "Would you like to see 
your loving wife?" she asked?  She stood in front of me and opened her 
robe.  There tattooed right over her very small patch of brown pubic hair 
were the words "Ron's Slut" in block letters about a half inch high.  
"What do you think?"  she asked?  "It's very permanent."  And then she 
spread her legs and I could then see that both of her pussy lips had been 
pierced and each had a gold ring in them.  Tears came to my eyes.  "Don't 
cry, honey.  I still love you.  Truly I do.  And you shouldn't cry until 
you've seen yourself."  With that she got a large mirror and held it in 
front of me.  And I found out that reason my belly hurt was because I had 
the word "Cocksucker" tattooed below my navel also in letters about a half 
inch high.  I moaned in despair.  And then I saw that my cock was encased 
in a small plastic cage and that there was a small but sturdy lock on it.  
I grabbed onto it and tried to pull it off but it was very secure and 
quite restricting.   There would be no way I could ever get an erection in 
that.  Ron smiled and dangled a key in front of me and told me that this 
was the only one.  Karen leaned over to Ron and kissed him deeply.  She 
reached into his jeans and started to stroke his cock. When it got harder 
she pulled it out and started to stroke it more.  She led him by his cock 
over to where I was and brought his cock right up to my face.  She tapped 
me on the cheek indicating that I should open my mouth.  When I did she 
guided his cock past my lips.  As his cock started to slide deeper into my 
mouth Karen looked at me and winked.

'Like I said before, my love.  Welcome to your new life."




Chapter 2.

I am writing this about four months after the first chapter of My Story.  If I
thought that the changes and humiliations I was put through by my wife and her
new lover/Master weren't enough, I learned that I had only just started a
journey.


 In the time since Karen and Ron formed their Master/slave relationship, I have
been permanently relegated to being a watcher, money earner, and servant, even
though Karen is still my wife.

Both Karen's "Slut" tattoo and my "Cocksucker" tattoo have healed as well as her
nipple and clitoral piercings and the piercing on the head of my penis that
further secures me into my chastity device.  I have worn that hated device 24
hours a day, 7 days a week, for the past four months.  It was only removed three
times so that I could make love to my wife.  And then I was only allowed to
enter her after she had been plowed by Ron's much larger cock.  And, as was
stipulated by Ron before, I also had to secure his permission beforehand by
sucking him off to completion.  Though unwilling, he says that I have gained a
talent for sucking him off and that he enjoys it and hopes that I want to make
love to Karen more often.

Both Ron and Karen sleep together in the Master Bedroom.  When I am allowed to
be in there with them, I sleep on a pallet at the foot of their bed.  They are
always making love and they want to keep me readily available to clean out
whatever orifice of Karen's that Ron chooses to spill his seed into.  They
require me to keep my body shaved from my neck down and I am only allowed to
wear Karen's panties and then only soiled ones.  At work, they must always be
under my suit.

Though privately, Karen has told me she still loves me dearly, she has admitted
more than once that she has also fallen in love with Ron, though mostly because
of the things he does to her, and the way he makes her feel.  She has come to
love the way he can fully bring out the slut in her and get her to act like a
depraved whore at a moments notice.  The three times we did make love, she was
very passionate, maybe she feels guilty in the way I have been treated, but she
also admitted that she could barely feel me inside her after what she has been
used to.

Recently Ron made the suggestion that he would like to take Karen on a cruise. 
The issue came up about the money needed to afford a vacation like that and they
decided that they would probably leave me at home unless they could find a way
to come up with more money.  Karen and I were expected to pay for the whole
vacation ourselves with my income being the lion's share of it.  When we all sat
down to figure out our budget, Ron determined that, at our present rate of
savings, we wouldn't be able to take it that season unless we were able to make
an extra $2500 rather quickly.

Ron pushed his chair away from the table we were all sitting at, and reached out
for Karen.  She came over to him, nude, as she always was around the house, and
Ron pulled her onto his lap and kissed her deeply.

"How can we come up with the extra money, Karen?" He asked her.

"I don't know,"  she said.  "There's not as much overtime at either of our jobs
as there used to be."

"Sweetheart, you're my slave.  You know that. Would you be willing to earn the
extra money needed?"  He asked her.

"But how?"

He grasped her right breast very firmly and proceeded to insert two of his
fingers into her pussy and slide them in and out.  "Well, by renting this
beautiful body of yours that I am so proud to own."

"Oh, God!"  She said.  "You want me to fuck other men for money?"

"Well, the thought had crossed my mind.  You are mine to do with as I please."

"But, Ron, honey.  I want to be only your slave.  Not a prostitute!"  She cried.

"Well, Karen, it isn't like you have a choice in the matter.  You signed over
all rights to yourself to me four months ago.  And you also knew that the
possibility existed that I would want to share your body and talents with
others."

"But I thought you were talking only about some close, chosen, friends of yours. 
I never imagined that you would be wanting to sell me like a common hooker!"  

Karen then started to cry.  I felt badly for her but there was nothing I could
do.  I couldn't even get up and intercede as I was not allowed to touch her when
she was on Ron's lap. 

Well, slave.  This is something I want you to do to help prove and solidify your
love and devotion to me.  I will give you some time to think it over. This
weekend you WILL start earning the $2500 that we need for this trip."

She put her hands over her face and ran from the kitchen into the bedroom and
shut the door behind her.

Ron turned to me.  "Well, I'll leave her alone to consider everything that has
happened tonight.  I know it is a big adjustment for her but this entire
lifestyle change is something she wanted and something she agreed to and now she
must come to terms with all facets of it just as you have had to do."

I asked Ron for permission to speak.  After getting his nod, he waved me over to
him and told me to get on my knees before him so he and I could speak.  After
doing so I told him that we could probably figure something out to come up with
the money needed without having Karen sell herself to strangers.  I told him
that I could try to get more overtime and that she was probably willing to do so
as well.  Ron hemmed and hawed and said that while, yes, that could happen, he
didn't want to lose her for the extra hours per day she would be working.

I then asked Ron if I might have his permission to go be with Karen since she
was distraught.  He asked me if I wished to be unlocked first so that I could
make love to her if she desired me.  Numbly I nodded yes knowing what must
happen for him to unlock me.

Ron then stood up and placed his hands behind his head and told me to earn the
right.  Kneeling in front of him, I reached out and unbuttoned his jeans,
unzipped them and proceeded to pull them down his thighs and down to the floor. 
He stepped out of them and stood before me with his cock right at my face level. 
His cock was huge as always and he was starting to get hard.  Willingly I
started to lick and kiss the growing head.  I wet his entire length with my
tongue until he was fully erect.  He then reached down and held my head in both
his strong hands.

"Open wide."  He said.  I did and he proceeded to insert his entire length into
my throat until I started to gag.  He held my head close to him and watched me
choke and saw my eyes start to bulge before drawing out and then start to fuck
my mouth at a fast pace.

"You know, you sissy, you are starting to get really good at this.  Almost as
good as your lovely bride, my slut.  You could almost go queer."  With my mouth
so full of his cock, I could only moan.  He pulled out completely and then
turned around facing away from me and then bent at the waist over the kitchen
table.

"It's time you started learning some new trick, sissy.  Spread my cheeks and
start licking my asshole like your wife does."

I mentally gagged at the thought but did remember that he was going to unlock me
and let me be with my wife without him having fucked her beforehand so I bit my
lip, reached out and spread his muscular cheeks, and drove my tongue as deeply
as I could into his puckered rear passage. Ron moaned in pleasure and thrust
himself back onto my tongue rather hard and let me fuck his rear with my pointed
tongue.  After a few minutes of this he turned back around and faced me and told
me to finish him off.  His thrust his dripping cock back into my open mouth and
pistoning it in and out moaning all the while.  After only a few more minutes of
this treatment he pulled back and let his cock rest on my outstretched tongue. 
He moaned deeply as he shoot wad after wad onto my tongue and into my mouth. 
Knowing what I must do, I swallowed every drop and sucked him dry and licked him
clean.  With what must have been a flushed face, I sat back on my heels and
rested while Ron recovered and then pulled his jeans back on and up.

"You know, you really did do a good job tonight.  You almost made up for your
wife running out in a fit."  I smiled.  I mean what else could I do?  He then
reached into his pocket and pulled out the key to my locking cage.  He could see
my eyes light up as he inserted the key and proceeded to unlock and remove the
cage.  He then clapped me on the shoulder and smiled.

"Go run and have a good time.  It would be wise for you to do your best to
convince her to go along with my suggestion.  I'll leave you unlocked tonight. 
We'll re-lock you at eight tomorrow morning."

I thanked him and dashed down the hall to the bedroom.  I paused only remove the
panties I was forced to wear because tonight I didn't want Karen to see me in
them.  I knocked quietly and heard her tell whomever was to enter.  Slowly I
opened the door.  She was lying there on the bed fully nude.  I could see she
had been crying.  She looked up and saw that it was me and that I was also nude
and unlocked for the evening.  She smiled at me and looked at me with her red
rimmed eyes.

"Well, I know what you went through to be allowed to be here in front of me
unlocked.  I hate for it to have been wasted, but honey, tonight I am not in the
mood for anything sexual." 

Though obviously disappointed, I told her that it was o.k. and that maybe it
would be better if we just slept in each other's arms tonight for the first time
in four months.  She bit her lip a little and I could see a tear start in one
eye.  She nodded her head and held out her arms to me.  Without another word I
went to her and we both lay down together and slept in each other's arms like we
used to before Ron ever came into our lives.

In the morning, Karen and I came down to the kitchen for breakfast.  Ron was
sitting there almost like he had been waiting for us.  He greeted us and then
informed me that it was time to re-secure me into my cage.  He gave the plastic
cage to Karen and told her to do the honors.  She nodded and bent down to lock
the device in place round my cock before it stiffened.  I loved the feel of her
warm fingers on my cock and balls as she manipulated them into the cage.  When
she was finished  she turned back to Ron and he asked her if we had had fun last
night.  She nodded her pretty head yes, but added that we hadn't made love.

"A night without sex, Karen?  My, my.  That has to be a first since I have moved
in with you both."  He said smiling.  "Don't you think it is high time we
remedied that empty feeling you must have between your legs?"  Karen looked
shocked but nodded guardedly.  Ron then produced a pair of his handcuffs from a
drawer and quickly clicked one of the bracelets around my right wrist.  He then
pulled me along and locked the other to the main doorknob on the door to our
garage effectively keeping me out of the way.

"But first, my dear, don't we have to address your little indiscretion last
night when you talked back to me questioning my decisions before running out of
the room without my express permission?"

From where I was secured, I could see the fear in Karen's eyes as she looked
furtively from Ron to me to the door.  Then quick as a flash, she darted towards
to the open door in an effort to escape.  But Ron was too quick for her.  He
grabbed one of her arms as she went past him and pulled her back to the table. 
He roughly pulled her arms behind her back and secured them with a pair of thumb
cuffs he had in his pocket.  He threw her across the table bent over at the
waist, temporarily winding her.  While she struggled to breathe, her spread her
legs apart and slipped her ankles in small rope nooses he had earlier secured to
the table legs.  He then slid another rope noose around her neck and tied it
across the table to the other end effectively securing her to the table with
spread legs bent over with a choker around her neck preventing any struggle.  I
only wish that I could free myself.  She regained her breath and starting to
moan and whimper and tried to apologize to him, offering him anything if he
would only release her.  Ron then reached into another kitchen drawer and
produced two rubber ball gags.  He came over and forced one into my mouth and
clamped it behind my head.  He then did the same to Karen, effectively cutting
off her pleas.

Ron then stood in front of Karen's head so her frightened eyes could see
everything he did.  "Sweetheart, I know you are scared," he began, "But you and
I well know that I can't let the way you acted last night go unpunished.  If I
did, you would only assume in the future that such indiscretions were allowed." 
Ron undid his belt from his jeans and slowly pulled it off.  Karen's eyes
widened. 

"I think fifteen lashes on your pretty bottom would be proper punishment, don't
you?"  Karen violently shook her head no and screamed into the gag.  "But I'll
tell you what.  If you aren't willing to except the fifteen from me, I'll let
you pass fifty onto your loving husband instead.  You can let me dish out your
punishment to him instead.  Is that a deal or what?" 

Now I was terrified for my own well-being.  I could see Karen's tortured eyes as
she contemplated making me suffer harshly for her indiscretions.  "Well, what do
you think, Karen?  Who gets them?  You or him?"  I could see tears streaming
from her eyes.  "Should he get them?"  She shook her head no slowly.  "So you
are willing to take the punishment yourself for running your mouth?"  Tearfully
she nodded yes.  "My oh my.  How noble!  I didn't expect that kind of devotion
from you, Karen.  Well, it is your decision.  So be it."

Ron then moved behind her and doubled the belt in his large hand and without
further words cracked it's length across the pure expanse of my wife's beautiful
ass.  Her entire body convulsed against her bonds and her back arched tightening
the noose around her neck until her face turned beet red.  From where I was
secured, I could see a large, angry welt instantly form across her rear.  Lack
of air forced Karen to lower herself back down across the table.  Immediately
afterwards, Ron struck her ass again, causing her to rear up again.  This time
he kept striking her ass every 2 seconds not allowing her to reflexively lower
her head to catch breath.  By the time he has given her the fifteenth blow, her
face had turned from red to slightly blue from lack of air.  After the last
blow, her head fell back down to the table surface when she fainted.  Karen's
ass was a bright red and it was bleeding a little from three places where Ron's
belt had cut the skin a little.

Ron was visibly sweating after he finished with her.  He went to the fridge and
pulled out a pitcher of ice water and drank deeply from it.  He then poured the
remainder over Karen's tortured bottom.  The shock of the ice water on her
burning skin was enough to bring her around from her faint.  She silently wept
into her ball gag as she recovered.

"Well, my dear.  Did you learn a valuable lesson this morning?"  She tearfully
nodded her head yes.  "Will you ever question me again and react with such a
display as last night?"  She quickly shook her head no. "Well, to really enforce
that thought in your mind, there is one last thing I wanted to do to you this
morning."  Ron unbuttoned his pants and slipped them down and off.  His cock was
already fully hard standing out it's ten inches from his hairy stomach. 
Apparently whipping Karen had excited him greatly.  He spit into his hand and
rubbed the spittle up and down his length as he moved behind Karen.  Before she
really knew what was in store for her, he had spread her sore ass cheeks apart
and started to pushed relentlessly into her rear passage without any prep. 
Karen screamed again into her ball gag and reared up again tightening the noose
around her neck.  Ron grabber her long, brown hair as if it was reins and with
his other hand released the gag.  Karen's screams were released as Ron let the
noose tighten.  He plunged further into her ass until he was buried all the way
in till his large balls slapped up against her pussy.

Oh God, it hurts so bad!"  Karen moaned.

"I know it does, slave.  But this pain will remind you of what happens when you
displease or disobey me."  Ron said between grunts as he thrust in and out of
her ass.

"Oh God, Ron!  Please stop.  I'll never question you again.  I promise!"  Karen
cried.

"I know you won't, Sweetheart.  That's why you are going to do everything I ask
or tell you to this weekend to earn that extra money, aren't you?"

"Oh, Jesus.  Yes, I'll do anything.  Just please stop hurting me."

"Say it, Karen.  Tell me how you'll willingly fuck other men for money."

"Oh, Ron, I'll do it.  I'll be your whore.  I'll beg you to pimp for me.  I'll
earn that money with my pussy!  I promise!  I promise!"

"And whom do you love, Karen?"  Ron pushed himself in the deepest he'd been in
so far.

"You, Ron, I love you!" She almost screamed.

"And what about your loving hubby?  What do you think about someone who can't
protect you from what is happening and is forced to watch?"

"Oh, God, Ron, I hate him, I hate him, I hate him.  A real man wouldn't let this
happen to his wife!"  I couldn't believe my ears.  Ron never stopped his
pounding in and out of her tortured ass.

"And what do you think about him touching you again, Karen?  Do you want that to
happen?  Ron queried?

"Only if you order me to, Master."

"Then let him do his duties and clean out what I leave for him."  With that, Ron
thrust himself very deeply into her ass and howled as he came.  While cumming he
slowly drew the length of his cock out of Karen's ass and weakly shot his final
blast right in between her ass cheeks.  He then came over and unlocked me from
the door where I had been locked.  He dragged me by my hair over to where Karen
was still bent over the table limply.  He pushed me to my knees and pushed my
head down into her ass cheeks. 

"Start cleaning her out, Asshole.  Suck it all out and clean her properly."  He
spread her cheeks and I could see his seed flowing from her dilated anus.  her
rear had stopped bleeding from the whipping her had given her but the blood was
still dried on her skin.  I hated the taste but knew that I had to do it.  After
about five minutes or so, Ron pulled me off and released Karen.

"Well, my sweet.  I'll leave you to get cleaned up and take care of those marks
you earned on your bottom.  Have your hubby help you if you wish.  And think
hard about what's going to happen to you and how you are going to act for me
this weekend."

After getting dressed, he left Karen and I alone as he walked out the door.




Chapter 3:  That Fateful Night


After Ron left the morning after he whipped my wife's ass and mercilessly fucked
her unprepared bottom, she and I were left alone.  I did my best for the rest of
the morning to soothe both the horrible red stripes on her backside as well as
her feelings.  She was very distraught that she had agreed to make the money Ron
needed for the cruise by selling her body that coming Saturday night.  After
all, needing that much money was going to force her to be with many, many
strangers.  I tried to not show an "I told you so." attitude by flaunting the
fact that she had wanted to have this type of relationship with Ron in the first
place.  I mean, God, look at us both now.  Karen with her nipples and clitoris
pierced and "Ron's Slut" tattooed over her pubic line and me with my cock locked
in a plastic cage that prevented me from attaining an erection, the head of my
cock pierced with a lock secured to the cage, and the word "Cocksucker" tattooed
across my lower stomach.  We made a fine pair.

Karen was in a bad way and I told her that I was very sorry about what Ron was
going to make her do.  I asked her if she really meant what she said when Ron
was fucking her ass when she kept crying out that she hated me again and again. 
She tearfully said yes and no.  She said that she would always love me but that
she sometimes felt she hated me for even showing her any kind of sexual
relationship out of the norm.  I quietly asked her if she regretted what she had
gotten herself into.  Again she replied with a yes and no.  Yes because of where
the relationship with Ron was headed what with her committed to a night of
prostitution coming up in a few short days.  And no, because she really did
enjoy Ron and the way he made her feel.

I asked her then what she intended to do.  She tearfully replied that she
couldn't possibly refuse to go through with what she had just promised Ron
because Ron was right in that he now owned her and also because she felt she
couldn't go through another session of punishment like the one she had just
endured.  "So it looks like I am going to have to learn and excel at the world's
oldest profession this Saturday night so he won't beat the hell out of me again,
doesn't it?  Besides with our tattoos and the videos Ron has made of both of us,
how can I say no?"  Reluctantly I had to nod my head yes. 

After what Karen had gone through that morning she only wanted to sleep.  I laid
her down on her stomach with her entire rear covered with some soothing cream
and she immediately dropped off.  I got dressed and went to work though, as I
was more and more frequently these days, I had a hard time concentrating while
wondering where all this would go and how it was going to further change our
lives.

Well, that fateful Saturday night came along sooner than anyone thought or
wished.  Most of the marks on Karen's rear had healed but there were still
several black and blue marks that hadn't had time to fade.  I was only able to
verify this by having to clean her up after her and Ron fucked each other daily. 
For the most part I had been kept apart from her for the past few days and we
hadn't been allowed to speak with each other.  Any requests from me to Ron to be
with her had been refused beyond me silently having my face forced into her
pussy or ass after Ron had deposited his load into or onto her.  Ron spent alot
of time with her privately but I was not privy to what their conversations were.

At about 8 p.m. that Saturday night we all got together in the living room.  I
was dressed as Ron had instructed me to because he said that I was to be coming
with him and Karen that night to witness what she was going to go through.  Ron
had instructed me to be in tight jeans and a sleeveless T-shirt.  I always now
was uncomfortable in tight pants because it was hard to hide the plastic cage my
cock was locked in.  Karen was absolutely stunning.  When she appeared, frankly,
my jaw dropped.  Her face was made up but not too heavily except for ruby red
lipstick.  Her brunette hair was pulled back off her neck in a long french
braid.  She was bra-less wearing a semitransparent pink silk camisole that
outlined her nipples perfectly showing the golden rings on them.  She also wore
a tight black, leather miniskirt that almost came to mid thigh.  Thigh high
black fishnet hose and black high heels framed her beautiful long legs
perfectly.  To highlight everything, she wore a narrow, studded collar around
her graceful neck and leather wrist cuffs on each wrist just waiting to be
secured together if needed.  She looked ravishing though both scared and
apprehensive.

Ron was in his black leather jeans with a tight polo shirt and black boots. 
When Karen presented herself to him for inspection he came up close to her and
held her gently and nuzzled her neck where her collar was.  He clipped a silver
chain leash to the ring in the collar so that he could lead her around.  I was
so jealous that he was able to be so close to her when I wanted to so
desperately.

"Well, Karen.  Are you ready?"  Ron asked her.  She timidly nodded her head yes.

"It's time to decide, Karen.  It's your choice.  Option A or Option B."  I had
no idea what they were talking about at all.  Karen bit her lip and seemed to be
thinking hard for several seconds.  I could see a tear start in her left eye as
she looked at me.

She hung her head and, after several seconds, whispered; "Option B."

"So be it.  Remember that is was your decision and yours alone."  Ron said.

Ron then said that it was time to leave and start the evening.  He led us all to
the garage into the car.  Instead of him driving that night, he instructed Karen
to drive and for me to sit next to her.  He climbed into the back behind us.

While Karen pressed the controller to raise the garage door, I felt Ron's hands
come from behind and grasp my head and hold it still.  I struggled hard but
couldn't get him to relax his grip.  He was starting to choke me.  Out of the
corner of my eye, I saw Karen's hands move towards my face with a large white
cloth in them.  The cloth was clamped over my mouth and nose.  I could smell
that sickly sweet odor.  Oh no!  Not again.  Chloroform.  I could see the sad
look in Karen's eyes and just before consciousness left me, I could hear Karen
say;  "Sorry, honey."

I have no idea how long I was out.  When I came to I had a headache and
something was wrong with my mouth and a pain in my wrists.  I couldn't really
move either.  As my senses returned and my eyes could focus I came to realize
that I was kneeling but bent over at my waist on some padded surface.  My legs
were spread past the width of my waist and secured at my thighs, knees, and
ankles.  I could also feel some sort of belts at my waist and chest securing me
face down to this bench.  My arms were free but my wrists and head were secured
within a kind of padded stock at the end of the bench.  I noticed that I was
fully nude except that my cage was still in place around my cock and balls.  The
pain I has felt in my mouth was caused by a ball gag shoved in there and secured
around my head.  The low bench that I was secured to was sitting on some sort of
raised dais off the floor a foot or two and I couldn't help but to notice that
it had the ability to rotate as it was doing that slowly.  Still queasy from
being unconscious, I had to close my eyes at first until accustomed to the
feeling of movement.

I slowly looked about my surroundings as the dais slowly turned.  I was in the
center of what seemed to be a basement bar.  It was well lit and there were
additional spotlights trained on me.  There was a large bar running the entire
length of one wall and a dance floor and D.J. booth on another wall.  The place
was full of people, almost a hundred or so.  What seemed sort of strange to me
was that they were all men of all types, but the majority of them were dressed
in leather of some sort.  Several were milling around the base of the dais
staring at me like they were inspecting me.  It finally dawned on me that Ron
had brought me to an all men's leather club and displayed me like this.  I was
inwardly horrified.  And I also know that I must have turned deep crimson when I
saw a few of them pointing and leering at me and my plight.  After being
displayed like this for what seemed like forever but might have been only
fifteen minutes or so, the lights in the bar area dimmed leaving me highlighted
on the stage.

Ron appeared from where he had been standing behind me with a microphone in his
hand.  "Welcome, gentlemen,"  He started.  "to what promises to be a very
interesting evening of entertainment for you.  Tonight is going to be a little
different from what you might be used to for what we are going to invite you to
participate in tonight will be an auction of sorts.  But a very special auction. 
First, let me introduce you to my very lovely slave, Karen."  Karen stepped out
from behind me and took her place next to Ron.  She looked so beautiful and
regal with the spotlights on her. The men in the audience murmured a little when
she stepped fully into the light.  "Yes, she is beautiful, isn't she?  Well,
Karen is my slave.  But she is also the loving wife of the person secured next
to us.  It is her choice that he be brought here tonight like this for your
entertainment.  You may thank her later if you wish."

Ron held out his arm towards me tied there helpless.  "What we have here is
Karen's husband.  This is a man who is totally straight.  Well, that's not
totally true.  It's true he does suck me off.  But it is a requirement I made of
him that he must complete before he gets my permission to spend time alone with
his lovely bride.  But I am the only man he has ever done that to.  I have never
penetrated his ass.  No one has.  He is a virgin.  And he has never penetrated a
man before anally.  Nor has he ever been whipped.  But tonight!  Tonight that is
all going to change!  At the request of his bride, we are going to auction off
the rights to him so that her and I may go on a cruise together.  Tonight you
may purchase the right to not only fuck his ass but to be the first to do so. 
We are also going to auction off the rights to whip him or to have him whipped
by his wife, or to use his mouth for your pleasure.  So turn up the lights so we
can begin!"

I was aghast!  I moaned loudly into the ball gag and shook as violently as I
could against the restraints that bound me.  No!  I could not imagine being
whipped and raped like that.  And I couldn't believe that Karen would be willing
to agree to it happening. But there she was next to Ron, barely ever even
glancing over to me.

With the lights up fully again Ron started;  "Let me ask you first.  How many
bisexuals do we have in the audience?  Don't be shy.  There is nothing to be
ashamed of."  About 30 or so of the hands raised out of the over one hundred men
there.  "Good to have your patronage here tonight!  Now some of you here might
doubt whether or not my slave actually does want this to happen to her hubby. 
Let's ask her, o.k.?  Karen, do you want everything that I talked about to
happen to your husband tonight?" 

He put the microphone in front of her tense, though smiling, face.  "Yes, Ron. 
I certainly do."

"See guys?  Just like I said.  Now, Karen how much money do you think your "man"
can earn us all tonight?"

"Well, Ron, I'm hoping for $2500."  She said.  I outwardly groaned.  So this was
the decision she has such trouble making while at the house.

"And, Karen, are you willing to help with the whipping and humiliation of your
husband if the men here wish to see and pay for the privilege of it?"

Shyly Karen replied into the microphone;  "Yes, Ron, if that is what you and
them wish."

"So there, guys.  She wants it.  It's going to happen!  Now who here thinks that
my lovely assistant should be up here nude during all this?"  Karen turned pale
and tried to turn away.  Ron's hand moved to hold hers and keep her right where
she was.  "Let's hear your applause if everyone likes this idea."  There was a
smattering of applause from the audience.  Not as many as you would expect but
this was a predominately a gay bar.  "Well, would one of you like to come on up
here and remove my slave's clothing from her?  If you do, please step up to the
front."  I could see about two dozen men crowd to the front.  "Well, gentlemen,
Should we start the bidding out at $100 to strip my slave?  The bidding started
off slowly.  Too slowly to suit Ron.  "Tell you what.  I'll sweeten the deal. 
He who wins the right to strip her will also be granted a handjob from the
lovely lady."  Karen blanched yet again but knew better than to struggle.  From
there the bidding did progress among the assembled men.  It gradually slowed and
stopped at $195.  "Going, going, gone!  The right to strip my slave and receive
a handjob for $195.  Will you step up to the stage, Sir?"  A husky, overweight
black man in his late 40's dressed in leather jeans and a vest stepped onto the
stage and gave Ron his money.  "Have fun, my friend.  Enjoy."

The black man pulled Karen away from Ron and stood her in front of me facing the
audience.  He raised her arms straight up and told her to leave them there and
then slowly lifted the bottom of the silk camisole over her belly, exposing her
breasts to all, and then pulled it over her head and off.  I couldn't see
Karen's face as she was turned away from me she she stood stock still.  The
black man reached behind her and unzipped her leather mini skirt.  He hooked his
thumbs into the waistband and slowly pulled them down squatting himself very
close to Karen as more and more of her was revealed.  Underneath she was wearing
a pair of sheer, black, bikini panties.  When the skirt was on the floor, the
black man stood up, offered her his hand, and helped her step out of the skirt
on the floor.  He pulled her close to him and reached behind her to grab her
rear with both of his big hands.  He bunched up her delicate panties in his
hands and pulled them upwards until she was almost suspended on her tiptoes. 
After a few seconds, the panties could take no more and ripped off of her,
leaving her clad in only her collar, her sheer thigh high hose and her heels.

"Now, isn't she even more beautiful, folks?"  Applause rang out through the
audience as well as a few flashbulbs.  "And now for the second part of this
gentleman's winnings."

Karen hesitated for an instant and then reached for the button at the top of the
black man's leather jeans.  She slowly undid it and then unzipped them and slid
them down.  She had to squat to pull them down and when she tried to stand back
up, the man put his hands on her shoulders holding her in a squatting position. 
He then turned sideways to the audience so that everyone there could watch what
Karen was doing.  Now I could see everything clearly.  He wasn't wearing
underwear and his cock was very large and almost fully hard after undressing my
wife.  With Karen kneeling right in front of his cock, she grasped it in both
her hands and started to stroke it's length.  "Moisten it."  the man whispered
to her.  She looked up at him, smiled, and then spit into her hands to make them
slick.  She then proceeded again, stroking with her right hand and fondling his
large dangling balls with her left.  She must have been doing a very good job
because it wasn't long at all before the black man started to moan and thrust
his hips towards my kneeling wife.

"Are you ready to cum?"  Ron asked?

"Oh, yeah, man!"  Moaned the black man.  "This chick definitely knows what the
hell she is doing."

To which Ron replied; "That's just good training on my part.  I'll show you more
good training.  Slave!  Jerk him off onto your tits!"  Karen was apparently
taken by the moment and started stroking the man even faster.  He moaned loudly
and then started to spurt.  The first blast caught Karen on the neck.  She
quickly pointed that large black cock at her breasts and let it shoot stream
after stream on hot, white cum onto them.  She moved his cock back and forth so
both of her tits would receive an equal amount.  After about 30 seconds, the
black man slumped down and sighed a thank you.  He pulled up his jeans and
hopped off the stage to go sit back down.  Several of his friends slapped him on
his back congratulating him.  Karen was still on her knees with both of her
breasts glistening with the man's cum.  She stood up and made a move to clean
herself off before the cum ran clear past her waist.  "No, Karen."  Ron said. 
"Let it remain there."  She looked crestfallen but did nothing more to question
him.

"And now, to the main event!" Ron announced.  "The best way to handle this
evening is to find twenty five of you gentlemen who are willing to pay $100 to
join us on stage for anything goes fun.  But first!  We are going to auction off
the rights to this pussy's virgin ass and first rights to his mouth.  A stroke
of the whip wielded by yourselves will be $5 and only $3 if the stroke is to be
given by his wife.  And I will attest to you here that she has never whipped him
before.  And now.  His ass!  What do I hear for the rights to be the first to
rape this man's virgin ass?  Shall we start this at $250?  Do I hear $250?"  I
heard a voice out there say "I'm in!"

Ron replied with a laugh.  "We'll see if you are, my friend.  I have $250.  Do I
hear $300?"  And so it went.  In about 5 minutes the bidding had slowed to $345. 
With Ron's "Going, going, gone!  This slave's ass to the light skinned gentleman
for $345." I knew what I was in for.  "Please come up to the stage, my friend,
pay the lady and wait a few.  And now for his mouth!  Shall we start the bidding
at $100?"  Within another 5 minutes Ron had sold my first blowjob to someone
other than him for $175.  "And now how many strokes shall this young lad
receive?  Remember, $5 from you and only $3 from his wife!"  This took a little
longer but in the end I was stunned to hear that I was destined to receive 19
lashes from men there and 48 were to be given by my wife.

"And now," Ron shouted; "Those of you who wish to participate after his
deflowering and whipping, please take a number and line up off to the side of
the stage."  Through all of this I was becoming more nd more numb.  Not only
with fear but also with how willingly my wife was letting it happen and how
cruel Ron was for setting up this situation.  I took a moment to steal a glance
at my wife still kneeling next to Ron with the traces of the earlier handjob
dried onto her breasts.  She had accepted the money from the two big winners and
turned to look at me.  Her eyes looked sad but there was a flush in her cheeks
that extended down to her neck and breasts.

"And now," Ron shouted out.  "First let's tame this slave.  The whippings!" 
Applause rang out from the crowd assembled.  "Karen!  You've got 48 strokes to
give your husband.  Are you ready?"  Karen nodded her head to him.  "No, Karen. 
Let's really hear it from you.  Are you ready?" 

Yes, Ron.  I am ready."  She replied.

"O.K., Karen.  Here's how it goes.  You have 48 strokes to give him with a belt. 
I'll be standing behind you holding a riding crop.   Now, if you choose to show
him mercy or otherwise lighten your strokes, I'll know.  And that stroke will be
given to you by me with the crop.  Do you understand?"  My heart sank.  I was
hoping that the strokes from Karen were going to be a little lighter.  Ron had
just figured out a way to prevent that from happening.  He handed her the belt,
doubled over, and she moved out of my line of sight behind me.   Without warning
I heard the crack of the belt and then felt the burn as it landed across my
lower back.  Before the pain really registered, I heard and felt another across
my buttocks.  I started screaming into my ball gag and heard the belt land again
and again over my back, rear, and upper thighs.  Occasionally I heard screams
coming from my wife as she apparently felt the sting of Ron's crop when he felt
that her blows were not harsh enough.  It seemed to go on forever but it did end
eventually.  All the areas that had been struck repeatedly felt like they were
on fire.  My throat was also on fire from my own constant attempts to scream
through the ever present ball gag.  Strapped the way I was there had been
nothing that I could have done to lessen their impact or even to see when they
were coming to prepare myself.  Ron now led Karen back in front of me to present
her to the crowd of gathered onlookers to receive their applause.  I couldn't
help but to notice how beautiful she looked, nude in only her collar, heels and
hose.  She was covered with a sheen of sweat from her exertions under the hot
lights.  I could also see, since she was facing away from me, another half dozen
or so angry, red welts across her beautiful rear from where Ron had given her
strokes when he felt she had neglected her task with me.

"Isn't she a nice wife, folks?"  Ron said.  "Hopefully she warmed her loving
hubby up for the 19 that are to come from our other patrons.  Gentlemen, you may
begin.  Just don't damage him too badly."  With that being said, another
nightmare began for me as the individuals who had paid Karen $5 per stroke lined
up to lay them on me.  Being men who were used to whipping and because they each
had far fewer strokes to give me, they really laid into me.  I passed out early
on and had to be revived by Ron pouring a pitcher of cold water over my head. 
All I can remember is how much each of those 19 blows hurt me.  They were
centered primarily on my ass and upper thighs and the burning tormented me to no
end.  When it was over all I could do was slump in my bonds and silently thank
whomever that I had survived.  Karen came into my line of sight and kneeled down
by my head.  I could see the concern in her eyes.  She asked Ron's permission to
remove my gag and to let me have something to drink.  He allowed her to do so
saying that for what was to come, it would be better if my throat and lips were
moist.  Karen released the gag and then tenderly lifted my head up and held a
large glass of ice water to my lips.  It felt like nectar of the Gods flowing
down my parched throat.  While she held it there, Karen leaned her head to mine
and whispered; "I'm so sorry, honey.  I didn't know it was going to be like
this.  I was just so scared about letting him sell my body that I would have
agreed to anything to have gotten out of it."  All I could do at that point was
weakly nod my head to her and stare directly into her eyes.  Ron then yanked on
her leash and pulled her back up beside him.

"On with the show!"  said Ron.  "Who's ready for some oral rape?"  There was
applause and some cheers from the audience.  "Will the lucky winner of the first
blowjob please step forward."  A husky man with brown hair in his mid thirties
stepped up next to him.  "Are you ready for some pleasin'?"  Ron asked.  The guy
laughed and said that he sure was.  "Well then, Karen!  Please step up here and
face this lucky man toward your husband and undress him from the waist down." 

Karen stepped forward and grabbed the man by the hand and lead him over to where
he was standing directly only a foot in front of me, his waist on a level with
my mouth.  From where she was behind him, I could see Karen's hands snake around
his waist and undo his belt.  She then undid the button and fly on his Chinos
and pulled them down to his ankles.  I was facing a bulge making a tent in his
white jockey shorts.  I then saw Karen's fingers work their way into the elastic
waistband and slowly pull them down on top of his bunched up Chinos.  His hard
cock sprang free and was pointing directly at my face.  He was circumcised and
it was a little over seven inches long.  It was very thick though, even thicker
than Ron's.  He grasped it at the base and squeezed it while holding it straight
out towards me.  I kept my mouth shut as I didn't want this to happen.  The man
rubbed his cock against my lips waiting for me to accept him but I was trying as
hard as I could not to let him.  "Karen!"  Ron shouted. "Go behind your husband
and choke him until his mouth opens.  When it does force his head down on this
paying customer's cock and hold it there."  I couldn't believe what I was
hearing.  Or that Karen obeyed him and moved behind me.  I could feel her
fingers slip around my throat and cut off my wind.  I tried to struggle but was
secured too tightly for it to be any use.  Eventually my mouth did open and I
could feel the man slip his cock in about three to four inches.  Karen's hands
left my throat and moved behind my head and forced my head further down onto the
man's penis.  The man's hands moved to join hers on the side of my head as he
began to slide his cock in and out of my mouth very quickly.  I could feel it's
entire length going all the way back into my throat.  This continued for several
minutes and I could feel the man's hips start to jerk a little.  From somewhere
out there, I could hear Ron ask the guy if he would like a tongue up his ass
when he came.  The man said "Yes!" but that it had better be quick because he
wasn't going to last much longer.  I then heard Ron tell Karen to move behind
the man and to push her tongue as deeply as she could into his asshole.  I felt
her hands disappear from my head as she went to obey.  The man resumed fucking
my mouth with added vigor so I could only assume that Karen was administering to
his rear passage.  "Tell us all when." Ron quipped.  "Oh, it's comin' now, man!"
said the guy.  His hands gripped the back of my head hard as he pistoned his
cock in and out of my mouth.  He went in so deeply I started to gag but before I
could draw breath he kept right on pushing.  The head of his cock went all the
way onto my throat and my wind was cut off.  There was nothing that I could do. 
I couldn't breathe except a little through my nose.  He just held his cock there
imbedded in the back of my throat.  I could feel his hips start to jerk the way
Ron's did when he was starting to cum.  His cock thickened in my mouth and
throat and then he let out a groan and I could feel his cum pumping again and
again almost directly into my stomach.  I was almost ready to faint from the
lack of air when he pulled out and shot another stream across my tongue and then
more onto my face.  As my senses returned, I could hear the crowd applauding the
performance they had just witnessed.  I then heard Ron's voice telling Karen to
clean off both the man's cock and my face.  She made a move to get a napkin but
Ron told her to use her tongue and mouth.  Right in front of me, she got onto
her knees and licked and sucked the remaining cum off the man's cock.  I could
see a sad look in her eyes afterwards as she moved close to me and licked his
sperm from my cheeks and lips.  She looked me right in the eyes and mouthed the
words; "I'm sorry." to me.  I tried to nod my head in understanding but she
stood up and moved away to stand beside Ron and hold his hand.

"Well, everyone, what do you think of the show so far?" Ron addressed the
audience?  The applause and cheers out again echoed out long.  The crowd on the
stage that had been closest to the action applauded the hardest.  "Are you all
ready for the main event?"  The cheers rang out even louder.  "Let's bring out
the grand prize winner then." A well dressed, tall, light skinned black man
moved over towards him looking nervous but smiling.  "Are you ready to accept
your prize?"  Ron asked.  The man nodded yes and smiled more widely.  "Well,
lets get some help to get you ready.  What say?"  The man said sure.  "Karen,
undress this lucky soul."  Ron ordered.  Karen moved from his side over to the
man and started to unbutton his shirt.  After she had removed it she lowered her
head to his chest and started sucking on his nipples as she undid his belt and
pants.  I was surprised that she was sucking on his nipples because Ron had not
told her to do that.  She lowered his pants.  He was wearing no underwear and
his cock flopped out right in front of my wife.  It was still soft but was very
large and thick even then.  The fear in me grew to an almost uncontrollable
level when I saw the size of the cock that was to invade my rear passageway. Ron
then said. "Karen.  Would you like to make this man hard so he can take
advantage of your husband's virgin ass?"  She nodded her head.  "No, Karen, let
us hear you tell us."  She looked at Ron and said; "I would love to get him
hard, Ron."  Ron nodded his head to her to do it.

Right in front of me, Karen dropped to her knees and started giving head to this
black man.  Her mouth willingly engulfed his cock as far as she could before she
then withdrew it.  The smile on the black guy's face got wider, as did his
penis.  Ron moved behind where Karen was kneeling, bent down, and stroked her
pussy with his fingers while she was blowing this stranger.  The motion of her
head on his cock got even quicker given this stimulation.  "She's really wet,
guys!  Something about all this must be turning her on!" He called out
laughingly.  "Now, Karen, you need to get that cock you seem to like so much
really wet and slick so it doesn't get damaged when being forced into your
husband's virgin ass.  Karen then redoubled her efforts, often pulling out the
man's cock completely to virtually slobber on it to get it as wet as possible. 
"I think he is ready." she said to Ron.  "You're right, sweetheart.  He looks
about as hard as he is ever going to get.  Now go behind your hubby and prepare
him for what he is about to receive with your tongue.  Karen then moved out of
site behind me.  I could feel her spread the cheeks of my ass and then start to
lick my rear passage.  This felt really good because it was always very rare for
her to be willing to do that to me.  Even though it felt good, I couldn't take
my eyes away from how large the cock was attached to the man standing in front
of me.  He just stood there smiling at me and stroking Karen's saliva along the
length of his manhood.  When he saw me looking at him and our eyes met, he
squatted down right in front of my face and whispered into my ear; "It's gonna
hurt, boy.  I'm gonna take you very hard and fast.  No wimping around with
sticking it in gently either.  You're gonna scream to entertain these folks
here.  I believe in getting my money's worth"  He smiled again as he saw my eyes
widen with fear.   He then moved out of my line of site when he went behind me
to where Karen was licking my asshole.  I heard him tell her "Move out, slut. 
He's mine now and I intend on taking him right now.  All I need for you to do is
to hold your man's butt cheeks apart so I can get in there. "  Karen moved to a
side and I felt her fingernails on my rump as she began to spread my cheeks as
wide as she could fully exposing my ass for invasion.  I started to beg both her
and Ron to not let this happen to me.  Ron just grinned and said, "It's too
late.  The man has paid and he's ready to take delivery.  Besides, Karen wants
to see it happen.  Isn't that right, honey?"  "That's right, Ron.  I do want to
see this stud split my husband for the first time."  Before her words could
really even register in my mind, all thoughts were replaced by the instant feel
of fire in my rear as the guy without warning shoved his cock as far as he could
into my ass.  I know I screamed and screamed loudly because Karen told me
afterwards that I did.  But I can't remember it.  I do remember instead the
feeling of tears running down my cheeks from the pain this forced intrusion
caused me.  Karen told me later that about five inches of the guy's cock went
into me with the first thrust.  But he didn't pull out after that.  He just
relentlessly continued to push his full length of his cock into my bowels.  The
pain was unbearable and I know that I was writhing against my bonds.  I didn't
care about virginity or much of anything else at that moment.  Only about the
pain I was experiencing.  When the man's balls were brushing up against mine he
pulled almost all the way out of my anus.  Before I could savor any relief from
that his cock came crashing back into my ass.  And again.  And again.  Over and
over he brutally fucked me.  Gradually my ass relaxed a little and the pain
subsided.  But not as much as I had read about in stories in magazines.  Looking
back at it later, I feel that maybe it might have been a more pleasant
experience were he not so large and so insistent about shoving it in all the way
all at once.  After only a few minutes the pain increased as his thrusts came
quicker and quicker and more frantic as he announced that he was about to blow
his load.  All at once he shoved his cock in what felt to be the deepest yet and
held it there.  I could feel it swell inside my ass as he moaned and pumped me
full of his semen.  He then gave me a few more hard thrusts while finishing his
orgasm and then withdrew his member with an audible pop from my ass. 

I felt sort of weird and empty now with it removed but the burning sensation
remained.  I heard Ron out of the haze in my mind telling Karen to clean up my
rear with her tongue.  She asked him if she had to because I was a real mess. 
Ron moved out of my sight to her and I could hear him slap her and tell her to
do as he said.  He reminded her that I went through what I did so that she
wouldn't have to prostitute herself.  Apparently chastised, I could feel her
move behind me and felt her tentatively begin to lick and kiss my cheeks and
tortured asshole.  She then stood up an moved away from my rear.  "Suck him
clean, Karen."  Ron said.  "Ron, that's too dirty." she replied.  "There's all
kinds of nasty things mixed in there."  They were having this conversation on my
left side and I could only hear their words.  I was shocked to hear what
happened next.

"That's disobedience, Karen.  And that won't be tolerated.  Especially in a
crowd.  This is quite serious.  You're going to have to pay for it now."  From
where they were standing I could feel Ron throw Karen's nude body over mine. 
She struggled on top of me quite hard but Ron had his body of top of hers
holding her down.  "Help me out here, guys.  Someone grab her arms and clip her
cuffs to the eyebolts to hold her down!"  Ron shouted.  I could sense men moving
on my right side now pulling on her arms holding her down tight on top of me. 
"Spread her legs, boys, and tie them wide to each edge of the bench.  Make sure
her arms are secure!"  Ron told the onlookers.  In a few short minutes Karen was
secured on top of me but lying crossways over my body.  She was still trying to
struggle and she was also crying.  "Please, Ron.  I'm sorry!  I'll do anything
you  say.  Just please don't let them..........!"  Her pleading was cut off as
Ron shoved the ball gag he had used on me into her mouth and secured it around
her head.  While standing on the left side of the table just by my head, I could
see him retrieve his riding crop from where he had dropped it much earlier and
swish it back and forth through the air.  "You know the price for disobedience,
Karen.  You know it because you have paid it before.  And now, you will pay it
again."  The crack of the crop sounded so sharp against Karen's ass and I would
feel her body jerk against mine and hear her scream into the gag.  Again and
again it landed for a total of ten times.

Ron stopped and moved around to where he could look at her face.  "Does it hurt,
Karen"?  I could feel her head nod yes several times.

"Did you learn a lesson?"  Again her head nodded.  "You've been a bad girl
embarrassing me in public, haven't you?"  Again the nod.  "Are you ready to make
it up to me and resume being a good slave?"  More nods.  "Well, I am going to
have to do something to make this lesson stick, you know."  This time I could
feel her head shaking no back and forth.  "Your shaking your head no makes it
even more necessary, my sweet.  Besides, your loving hubby's efforts haven't
covered what we need."  Ron then moved away from her to address the crowd of men
both on the stage and in the audience.

"All right, gentlemen!  Since my slave has shown that she also needs to be
taught a lesson here tonight, there's going to be a slight change.  I'm going to
make you all the deal of the year right now.  Any of you that wants to fuck her
anywhere you wish to can do so now for the price of $100 each.  It might be a
little while till we can remove her gag for her mouth to be available but that
is open also.  The only rule is that all cum shots must be given to her on her
pretty face and hair or in her mouth.  Maybe this will teach her a lesson.  See
me over at the bar to give me the $100 to get yourself lined up.  And any of you
that wish to avail themselves of the mouth and ass of her husband may also do so
as they wish."  I could feel Karen moaning piteously into her gag and straining
against her bonds but everyone's attention was riveted on Ron.  When he moved
off the stage over to the bar to take money, many of the bar's patron's followed
him.

I felt so bad for Karen but there was a part of me that secretly relished her
plight because she was the one would had agreed to let me be taken the way I had
been already that night.  I tried to offer soothing words to her and tell her
that I loved her but she couldn't say anything back to me because of the gag.

After only a few minutes respite men were back up on the stage moving behind
both Karen and myself.  She grunted and moaned as one of the men unceremoniously
stuck his cock into her pussy and started fucking her.  Without too much time to
concentrate on this I saw a cock right in front of my face wanting to be sucked. 
With no choice in my position, I opened my mouth and started sucking it's
length. While doing that I felt hands on my ass and soon after was in pain again
as yet another cock was pushed into my ass and started fucking me in short
strokes.  I could hear Karen starting to moan now as her body started to respond
to the violation.  The man in my ass pumped his sperm in my ass and was soon
followed by mouthfuls of hot cum flooding my mouth.  very quickly the cocks in
my mouth and ass were removed only to be replace by two more.  I also felt Karen
moving differently now to the thrusts of another stranger using her pretty
pussy.

On and on this went throughout the evening.  Eventually I figured out that they
had removed Karen's gag from her mouth and she was taking the patron's front and
rear in the same fashion as myself.  The primary difference was when fucking her
and ready to cum, the man would have to pull out and move around the table to
finish himself in her mouth or onto her face.  After the first few men, Karen
stoically accepted what was happening to her.  The only change was when men
started to penetrate her ass and she cried and moaned for awhile from the pain
of the intrusion before she was acclimated to it.  I know that she did have many
orgasms that night.

I lost count early on of how many each of us took that might.  I can only
predict that I had at least fifteen men in my ass that night and must have had
over twenty cocks in my mouth.  Karen later told me she had also lost count at
about two dozen in both her pussy and mouth.

After what must have been several hours, the activity level dropped off and Ron
appeared again and untied us both.  From the numbness in our arms and legs from
being tied for so long, we both fell right to the floor.  I don't think either
of us could have walked if we had wanted to because of the pain in our bodies
from the repeated fuckings and the whippings we had had.  Karen and I had fallen
onto a mat I hadn't noticed before next to the bench.  We were facing each other
after long last.  I got to look at my wife's face after her ordeal and could
barely see her features through the mask of cum covering her face and hair.  I
know that I must have looked the fright myself but the men hadn't made it an
issue to cum right on my face.  "Time to clean her off, my friend." Ron said. 
He poured a tumbler of water over Karen's head and face to moistened the caked
on sperm.  The water partially revived her and she moaned out with exhaustion. 
He then led us naked out of the club.  We were both way past caring about our
nakedness when stumbling to the car.  Ron drove us both home.  When home Ron led
the still groggy Karen and I into our bedroom and laid us down onto the bed.  I
asked him if we could shower and clean each other up.  "Well, my friend, the
only person tonight that hasn't cum was you.  I thought I'd give you the
opportunity to do so before letting you two clean up.  Do you want to?"  I was
surprised to remember at that point that my cock had been caged totally through
that entire ordeal and what he was saying was true.  I nodded my head yes and
said "If she will have me."  "She will."  Ron said as he got out the key to my
cage and unlocked it.  He nudged Karen where she had dozed off with exhaustion
and told her that there was one more for her.  I moved myself up to her mouth so
she could get me hard.  Her sperm caked lips opened wide and accepted my penis
into her warm mouth.  She commenced sucking me and within only a few minutes I
was fully erect and ready for her.  I pulled out of her mouth and moved my body
on top of hers.  Her legs spread of their own accord.  I kissed her sperm
encrusted cheeks and lips and told her that I loved her.  I also asked her if
she wanted me to make love to her.  She kissed me back and weakly nodded her
head.  She then reached down to my cock and stroked it lovingly before guiding
it into her totally stretched out and sloppy vagina.  Obviously some of the men
earlier that evening had not been able to keep from cumming into her pussy.  I
tried to make love to her gently but with all that had happened tonight, and now
that my cock was hard for the first time throughout all of it, I started fucking
her faster and faster.  She was so weak that she could barely keep up with my
thrusts.  She did keep kissing me and sucking on my tongue.  I also felt her
arms wrapped around my body holding me as I pushed in and out of her.  Too soon
I was adding my sperm into her hot pussy and relaxing while still laying over
her body.

I turned my head over to where Ron was standing in the doorway watching our love
making.  "Well, kids, I'll leave you up to your own devices.  The rest if the
weekend you can take off and be together.  That is my reward to you both.  When
we set out to make $2500 tonight, I was quite surprised that all together you
two earned a total of $4900.  Congratulations and good night."  He then left and
closed the door.

We were both so tired that Karen and I fell asleep in each other's arms right
there without even taking the time to wash off.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  George Lawrence


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





