BDSM Library - Annika's Second Fight




Annika's Second Fight
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The rurally-situated HR Director finds adventures never before conceived in the corporate culture. This tale ends with the outcome of her second fight.
The following is a work of total fiction and intended solely for consumption by
those legally of age and where ADULT MATERIAL is permitted. Strong subject
matter is contained and is for those not easily offended by such.

Any reuse of the material without the author's express consent is strongly
discouraged.

Thank you and enjoy.

Faibhar



Annika's Second Fight



One week spent on the farm radically changed the self-assured HR Director into
something else. Her only other human companion, the old farmer, let her loose
from the cramp cage during the days to relieve herself and exercise by running
circles in the nearest field while attached to the leash. He seemed to pay
particular attention as he closely shaved her legs and genitals. Annika no
longer cared of her former corporate life with all of its many concerns. By
week's end she was eating the day's allocation of raw meat.

He had modified pump system used for other livestock so that she was milked each
day. Whenever he let her out, he always carried the cattle prod. She had a
full-blown PMS attitude thanks to the doctor. Prodding her between the bars with
a stick had not helped improve her disposition. The farmer never let his guard
down and kept the cattle prod handy. Milk collected was stored for the return of
the Suits as they had ordered before leaving.

"What are these?" Jack Lang, Sales Director of Sego Corp, asked. His fingertips
traced three fresh burn marks on the backs of Annika's thighs as his former
colleague was secured to the rail. The diagonal burns on the sleek legs each
looked about three-inches long.

The farmer grumbled and spit out tobacco before answering. He wasn't going to be
accused of any wrong doing. "I had to use the prod on the bitch, once or twice.
To keep her in line, you understand..."

Jack looked toward where the farmer pointed and saw the metal shaft leaning
against the stall, and then nodded his approval. His polo shirt rustled as he,
plus the three with him, had changed after worked that Friday and were dressed
in what was known as "business casual."

When Annika again was bent over the rail, ankles spread and tied, plus arms
pulled out and tied to each wooden support, Jack gave her ass a small pat. He
returned to his men, shrugged and said, "Looks like our work is never done.
Let's get started." He thinly smiled as one brought the pail, another placed the
metal brace inside of her mouth, and the third stood alongside him.




Dr. Jameson arrived late the following afternoon. He checked on the caged HR
Director as two of the salesmen taunted her by poking sticks between the bars of
the cage. She growled, but the cramp box prevented turning around and snapping
at her taunters. Satisfied that both of his potions were still at work, he
announced that Annika was prepared for her second fight.

Jack Lang watched as she was helped out and steadied as she stood. This Annika
Hannisom version with the cursing and spitting at those holding her was quite
unlike the corporate type that always seemed able to coolly one-up him. This
version he could really use in sales...

The doctor made sure that the standing female could not injure him. Once
certain, the balding physician unwrapped the old bandages around her hand and
leg. He inspected the partially healed wounds and then with the help of one of
Sego's sales people, he wound thick leather around the calf. The brown bands
covered the stitches and went all the way up to just below her knee.

The farmer waited until they wrapped her forearms in similar thick leather and
then handed Lang a short strip of wire. The city-boy used it to tie her elbows
together behind her back.

Annika's head spun as her arms and legs were being wrapped in the heavy leather.
When her arms were pulled back and tied, she felt her chest tighten. The
milk-heavy breasts pointed outward. Their pink tips had long ago swollen into
teats surrounded by dark, engorged flesh, not like her at all. She took a deep
breath and tried to clear her head.

"That looks like it's about it. Besides, I think they're waiting for us in the
building next door." Jack Lang picked up the cattle prod and nudging Annika by
the crook of her elbow stepped towards the barn door.




Crickets chattered and gravel crunched under her feet. The sensations brought
back memories for Annika. This time, they paused before opening the door to the
other building. She felt Jack pull back her faux brunette hair into a ponytail,
and then whisper in her ear. Annika also pulled back her shoulders and sucked in
her breath as she felt the pain of the cattle prod enter her ass.

"Blonde, let's make sure we give them a good show, okay?"

She smelled Jack's cologne and felt his hot breath. Just as he finished his
sentence, the door flew open. Light from inside blinded her at first. They moved
in. The prod made her almost waddle. Annika looked at the rest of the interior.
The ring was the same, but surely this crowd was twice as large. Word must have
gotten out.

In the ring's center stood the nude, the man in charge and the owner of the
farm. The one they called Jack removed the cattle prod from the female as the
farmer attached one end of a leash line to the band around her neck. The farmer
remained in the center as the other man led the female until the leash grew
taught.

"It's part of the prelim for tonight's fight," Jack explained to his sales
assistants as he joined them outside of the ring. All eyes followed the female
as she ran around the ring, stumbling and trying to adjust to the increased
weight of her swollen tits and arms tied behind her back.

Ten laps later, the one who would not be blonde was covered by a sheen of sweat
from head to toe as the leash was unlatched. Her metal collar was also removed
and she was then moved to the edge of the ring, where she faced the audience.

"Anybody here been to one of those aquatic parks where the whales splash?" Jack
yelled out to the crowd. A few shook their heads as he reached around Annika.
Grabbing both mammaries, he squeezed. Milk sprayed, splashing those nearest.

Annika tried to step back, but Jack's arms around her from behind were too
strong. She winced as she felt her breasts crushed. Raucous laughter from the
crowd opened her eyes. Looking down her heaving chest, she saw why they were
laughing.

"All right. Have it your way then. But, it's gonna cost you..."

A shoving match ensued. Fists waved paper currency from out-thrust arms. Jack
grabbed the bills as fast as they were shoved at him. He nodded to two of his
sales people who stepped Annika forward. Those that paid began to suckle the
prize milk.

Annika closed her eyes. She tried not to cry, but felt her tears well anyway.
Her chest shuddered. Fingers and mouths and teeth used her breasts. Unbeknownst
to her, the farmer behind was setting up another part of the evening's
preliminary in the center of the ring, an event possibly even more humiliating
than the one she was currently enduring.

"No, I will not!" Annika hissed at Jack as the two of them stood in the center
of the ring. Before their feet stood a rubber phallus, towering almost 12".

Jack tightened his grip on the cattle prod he held, and his other hand on
Annika's elbow. His eyes wandered down the splendid chest with the now somewhat
deflated tits, and then he caressed the end of the prod against the back of
Annika's thigh. "You know what they say...The Show Must Go On."

Annika cringed as she felt his hold on her increase and the wire rubbing her
leg. She took one more look at the dildo sticking up.

"Besides, HR Director, do you see any possible alternatives?" He pushed the
trigger button and laughed as she cried out and jumped.

The crowd gathered in the building that night cheered as the female leaned
against the man and then he spread her legs as he moved her shoulders down so
that she squatted over the dildo. Even those who had tasted the human milk were
beside themselves as the man further worked the female in a slow circle so that
all could see her slowly screwing down the staff until mere inches were visible
between her legs. Then her torso was pulled backward. Her tied and leather-bound
arms supported her. The hard-rubber dildo bent inside. The man moved her body so
that her hips rose and fell. Spectators ecstatically applauded.




Jack swung his open hand and again slapped Annika's face as she stood before
him. "I want that game face back on." He sprayed cold water over her head.

Annika glared back at the sales exec. From the corner of her eye she saw the
dildo glistening under the lights from what she knew were her own juices. She
felt the metal band unlocked from her neck and saw it replaced by a
vicious-looking spiked dog collar. She felt revived. Her vitality returned. With
it came the PMS from the doctor's shot. She twisted her wrists to flex all of
her arms as they were released. All around her she heard bets being made. She
felt like the prizefighter she was.

"That's better. That's my girl," Jack said as he motioned everyone else out of
the ring. "I think it's about time to begin, and Annika..."

Her eyes burned back into his.

"Just to show that we play fair here, this is for you."

She looked down at her right hand as he placed a black baton in her palm.

"May the best bitch win," Jack blew a kiss, patted her rear and lasciviously
winked as he turned and left.

Annika stepped backward, her eyes on the far wall of the ring. Like before, a
section opened. A black and tan Rottweiler cautiously appeared. It was much
bigger than the terrier in her first fight. This one, too, wore a spiked collar
but instead of running at her head-long, like the dog in her first fight, this
one warily eyed her and sniffed the ground.

Something told her it was smelling her own scent, and the animal, indeed,
tracked its way to the center of the ring and the dildo. An eye still on her,
its nose trailed the scent to the base of the phallus. Reaching the scented
rubber, its big pink tongue emerged and it licked the shaft. Annika gripped the
rod in her hand tighter and watched as the Rottweiler marked its territory by
peeing.

Well, at least, she thought as she watched the dog urinate, she'd be fighting a
sister.

Finished with what it needed to do, the beast maliciously barked and ran at
Annika.

She was prepared as the thick head turned her way. She saw the beady black eyes
gleam and then the bulk charge. She held both hands on each end of the baton. As
the growling dog leap up at her, she held out the bar. Pearly white teeth bared.
They gripped the bar in its massive jaws. Annika yelled in frustration as her
only weapon was torn from her grip.

She ran alongside the wall of the ring, but was no match for the canine. Annika
screamed as pain shot through her wounded leg. She looked down as she fell. The
leather wrapping was a useless defense. Shredded strands from the
tightly-wrapped bands flew. Worse, the dog had her leg between its teeth. She
rolled on the hard dirt as she landed. Kicking out with her other foot, she hit
the dog's head. Its bite slipped. She used her foot again and with more force.
This time, the dog let go and ran off.

Annika lay on her back. Above were the bright pools of lights that nearly
blinded. She shut her eyes and moved her knee to get up. Oblivious to the shouts
from the crowd, she stood bent over. She could put no weight on her wounded leg.
She looked down and saw the stream of scarlet pooling at her foot.

The aficionados roared their approval as the tall woman was hit and fell a
second time. Those that had previously bet on the dog to win were clearly
pleased at the fight, so far.

The teeth were aimed right at her stomach, and Annika dodged just in time. In
spinning, though, she lost her balance and fell on her weakened leg. She tried
to stand up, again, but could not. Sweat streamed down her forehead. Thinking of
a new tactic, she lay down on her back and let the slavering jaws come between
her and the lights above. Being a lefty, she made a fist and swung with all of
her might. She felt her knuckles sink into the dog's chest, and as it moved off,
she rolled up and onto her knees.

It was still wondering what had hit its chest and where its air suddenly went
when the human bit. Pain shot through the animal's head as its ear was torn. The
pain though only fired its animal brain to new anger. It snapped its head away.

Those fortunate enough to be in the building leapt to their feet as one when
human legs entangled with animal ones and the two bodies spun across the dirt
ring. The noise seemed to raise the roof of the humble building. Above their
noise they heard the dog growling and woman screeching. Bettors on the animal
now had second thoughts about their sure win.

Locked together, Annika felt both the animal's anger and fear. Its hot blood
covered her lips and chin. This time, she'd save her teeth and wrapped her
fingers around the dog's hind leg. She twisted. It yelped in pain. She yanked
the leg more before letting go. They continued spinning across the ring's floor
until slamming into the wall. Splinters and dust rained over both of them.

She had let go and heard the animal yelp, but could not understand why it was
still with her. The explosion in her right shoulder provided the answer. Her arm
went limp. Annika felt faint. She felt blood issuing from her back.

She screamed in pain again as teeth bit her good leg. They held. Powerful jaws
began to gnaw. Annika felt her self being dragged by her leg. Her bleeding back
scraped the floor of the ring. Arms trailed behind.

Gambling sorts tried to double down, but found no takers as the canine had
obviously gained advantage. Nonetheless, all cheered as the human was dragged by
the dog with its teeth gripping her leg. The two-legged creature left a wide
scarlet wake as she was pulled across the floor.

Annika barely maintained consciousness. The lights above all seemed a blur. She
felt the pulling stop, and then saw the creature loom over her. She saw its
beady eyes target her breasts. She knew what savagery to them would spell and
resigned herself to death when fingers from one of her arms felt the baton's
hard surface. The fingers pulled the rod closer until they wrapped around the
shaft.

Breath came in torturous spurts, but feeling the hardness of the baton and then
gripping it made Annika's heart pump faster and breath even faster. Blood
streamed down the side of the dog's face. It, too, was slick with sweat. She saw
it ready to pounce on her chest. Its jaws opened. The black head lunged down at
her. Annika saw white of the sharp teeth and the pink tongue. She flexed her one
good arm-the one holding the baton- and used it like a spear, stabbing the free
end into the dog's mouth. Its black eyes swelled in shock. Annika shoved the
baton a second time, forcing it into the animal's throat and twisting. The
Rottweiler gagged on the shaft. Saliva and then foam dripped from the opened
jaws. It moved away and to the side. Annika kept the baton shoved in the dog's
mouth. She rolled slightly to move as the dog stepped back. It tried to cough
the shaft out, but the baton was held in too deep. Annika's arm shook from all
of the exertion as she held the baton deep inside of the dog's jaws. The
animal's eyes looked at her once, and then closed. It rolled over onto its side
and lay still.

Annika let go of the rod and fell back. Her eyes closed. She vaguely heard the
crowd stomping. Her body ached. Even with the tortures, she was proud she had
won. Next time, though, she could do with a little less agony.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





