BDSM Library - Becky Wanted More...




Becky Wanted More...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I introduced her to a wilder side of sex ... and she wanted more ... MUCH more.
I should put the usual stuff here about this story being a "story" rathar than
any depiction of real life, but you know all that, after all you're on a story
web-site after all. The details within this story are loosly based on some real
life events that I have taken liberty to expand for the benefit of you, the
reader.

Story codes: M/f+, BDSM, Bondage, Serious, Real, Consensual, Humiliation.

Becky Wanted More ...

We were young when we met, she's been through a rough time having been attacked
and was fresh out of court against the attacker ... looking back, I'm not sure
that she was ready for a relationship, but all in all it was an eventful part of
my life that I certainly don't regret.

When I first saw Becky, at college she was dressed seductively in a black
skin-tight catsuit, which I later found to be her usual attire as a partial
gothic into the 'biker' scene and I immediately felt an attraction. Lucky for me
we were both enrolled in the same college course for the year (evenings).

Being the only two smokers in the class it was innevitable that we'd meet during
our breaks, outside for a quick nicotine intake ... friendly chat quickly
brought us together ... the sympathetic ear to someone who needed a friend.

Before long we were dating and both had been introduced to each others parents
... her past experiences had made it difficult to come intimately close to me,
but I could wait.

We had the usual courtship routines ... going to the pub, eating out and going
to the cinema, etc., and it wasn't many weeks (yes, weeks) before we found
ourselves in her house, alone for the weekend ... a bottle (or two) of wine
eased her inhibitions enough to allow for some innocent frolics ... then to some
sensual kissing, etc., Of course, the bedroom soon called to both of us and we
were entwined in some rampant, passionate sex together for our first time.

During what seemed to be pretty standard intercourse, I held her wrists above
her head and notice the distinct difference in her behaviour ... she was much
wilder ... she like it. This easily developed to me restraining her wrists with
belts from her dressing gown or something ... and our sex excelled to new
heights instantly.

Months past, much of the same routines with me steadily introducing more and
more bondage and restraints into the bedroom.

After some months we'd decided to move in together ... a small flat ... with the
provacy of our own home, inhibitions were no longer a concern and our secret
bondage had now became extravagent sessions. She'd been chatting with her close
friend who'd shown an interest to Becky about the bondage and discretely to me
for intimacy. Being a man ... how could I do anything but encourage?

One night came when Becky brought her friend, Sue round to join in with our fun
for the evening ... Sue had obviously thought about this and the opportunity of
having some fun with me, too. Sue expressed some nervousness about doing
anything in front of Becky and it was suggested that there be two bondage
sessions ... one in the bedroom and one in the lounge.

As Sue consumed serveral glasses of wine for courage in the bedroom, I set to
binding Becky in the lounge ... straps, belts, bars and cuffs in place she
wasn't moving an inch. The final touch ... a special dildo that we'd bought
that, once inserted cannot be pushed out with the spasms of an orgasming pussy
... full speed would keep her very busy.

Now, to attend to Sue.

Some calming chat that we'd have a safe word (not necessary with Becky as we'd
established our bounds), but I didn't want Sue to panic on me. We discussed my
intentions and Sue was happy ... in a sensual manner, I slowly stripped Sue down
to her bra and panties; a very nice figure was revealed. She only wanted to test
the water, so to speak and felt it embarasing for me to see her 'privates'.
Another quick glass of wine and she laid back on our bed ... attaching a
comfortable set of cuffs to her wrists and ankles soon saw her bound, spread
eagled to our bed.

I laid down by Sue's side ... my hands running over her body and teasing her
both vocally and with the occasional carefully placed kiss ... it was apparent
that she was pleased so far ... a firm kiss, fully on her lips proved further
reassurance. A second kiss easily distracted her from me undoing the clasp of
her bra and letting her 38C breasts out to the cool air.

Kissing more and caressing her tits and nipples I could feel a gentle squirm ...
I knew that I was in the safe zone ... slipping my hand down her chest , she
kept kissing as my hand slid beneath the soft material of her knickers, across
the softer material of her pubes and to the very moistness of her excitement ...
I'd struck gold!

I didn't want to rush her into something that she'd later regret, but I
certainly knew that bondage aside I wanted her ... and for the perfect fuck, I
knew that I wanted her to want me.

With my fingers in and out of her pussy and kissing her lips, neck and sucking
at her nipples, I reached to the cabinet and subtly pulled out my girfriends
favourite vibe ... slipping it out of sight, I soon had it within her knickers
at her pussy. Her knees eased apart and I slid our toy into place ... an
adjustment had the dildo whirring away on a medium setting ... and as I withdrew
my hand I made sure that the crotch of her knickers would keep it in place.

Whispering, "back in a minute ... don't go anywhere", I got up.

She had a look of "don't leave" panic and "that's fantastic" about her. I kissed
one more, gently pulling the pillow over her head as a blindfold.

Returning to the lounge and an almost collapsed girlfriend ... I locked in place
a gaga and removed the restraints that were holding her to the couch. Leading
her to the bedroom, she smiled at the sight before her ... I pulled her along
and got her to kneel at the end of the bed ... stretching her arms out so that
her head was resting on the end of the bed, looking straight into her friends
crotch.

I climbed up on the bed, across Sue, now in a position to block her view of
Becky, I listed the pillow to see that Sue was about to burst into an orgasm ...
I reached down and removed her dildo ... only to replace it with my rampant
cock.

Now I knew that I could do anything with or to Becky that I so desired ... our
life together was going to be "VERY" good.

... to be continued.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stallone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





