BDSM Library - J-Son




J-Son
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A teenage girl gets blackmailed by her boyfriend's father.
J-Son



    Christ, I couldn't believe I was here.  Jason.  Jason.  Jason.  I repeated
his name in my mind like a litany, but it had no effect.  I couldn't change the
fact that a very large part of me wanted to be here and damn the cold light of
day.

    He smiled at me, an inappropriately cheerful smile that only served to
increase my fear.  As my fear increased, so did my arousal.  "I'm glad you
decided to join me."  He looked outside and closed the blinds, making sure the
door was locked as well.  "Now take off your clothes.  All of them."  When I
stalled, "Don't make me ask twice.  I might think you're not willing." 

    The deal between us, that he keep my secrets secret in exchange for a few
afternoon fucks while his wife and kid, my boyfriend, were out of the house, was
null and void if I forced him to make it blatant rape.  I had better be wet and
enjoying this, or else.  I stripped as hastily as I could, but something in his
gaze still disapproved. 

    I was looking at his face, worried for that displeasure.  I must please him. 
"What now, Sir?" 

    "Aren't you forgetting something?"  The sarcasm was back in his voice.  He
had regained his self-control in full.  It made me even more scared than before.

    I thought . . . and couldn't think of anything for at least a minute.  I was
near vomiting with tension.  Then, with a flash of remembrance, I looked down at
the floor and went down on my knees so hard and fast there was an audible thud,
even over the Toccata and Fugue playing in the background.

    Darkness set in as he placed a blindfold over my eyes.  It was strangely
erotic.  I could hear every breath he exhaled as if it were my own heartbeat. 
When he tied my arms behind my back and laced my ankles together, he warned me
there was no backing out now.  I no longer wanted to.

    I knew what was going to happen next.  He was going to make me lean back so
my spine formed a rainbow and then . . .

    Oh, GOD!  I wasn't expecting that.  Hot wax maybe, but the open flame on my
nipple was so unbearable.  I screamed until my voice went hoarse, but by then
his cock was in my mouth, the perfect soundproof gag.  He held the back of my
head and shoved my mouth down, fucking in and out of it like it was a cunt.  He
didn't bother to say a damned thing to me, except shortly after he came.  He
buried himself in me when he came, his cum burning a bath down my throat like
boiling acid.  I screamed again, and choked on it. 

    He pulled out slowly, as if savoring the sensation of my mental
helplessness.  There was still a bit of cum left when my lips brushed the tip. 
On impulse, I stuck my tongue out, licking the delicious flesh I had yet to see. 
I moaned at the taste that didn't hurt me now that it was only in my mouth.

    That seemed to affect something in him.  My throat was so raw it was as bad
as the throbbing pain in my nipple just to swallow.  I was lightheaded with
agony as he burned my other nipple.  I couldn't believe this was happened.  I
couldn't believe I liked it.  I couldn't.

    He pulled off my blindfold and the light temporarily blinded me.  When I
could see, his cock was right in front of my face, firm and hot and moist with
pre-cum.  I couldn't hide the raw lust in my eyes.  "Please."

    Did I say that?  Oh shit. 

    "Please?"  He asked sardonically.

    "Please fuck me.  Please let me cum.  Please let me taste you again.  Please
hurt me again.  Please give me more."  Hell, I was totally screwed anyway, so
why not make it interesting?

    If possible, he got harder.  I bent down and kissed his feat.  "Please, Sir,
please."

    I waited in silence, hoping against hope.  He pulled me up by my air and
threw me on the couch, untying my legs after I landed.  "Keep them spread like a
good little bitch."  He slapped my ass as he gave the order, letting his hand
linger, letting it slide up my body slowly.

    He played with my rib cage, my armpits, my elbows, my spine, the back of my
neck, behind my ears, next to my jugular, hitting points that made me go cold
with pain and torture.  Part of me delighted in this, in the show of power, but
mostly in knowing that even if I was free, even if this was rape, there would be
nothing I could do about it and I was truly powerless.  Oh, God.

    He finally worked his way back down to my cunt.  I thought he meant to hurt,
as he had everywhere else, and I didn't know if I could have taken it.  He
didn't hurt me though.  He manipulated the flesh there until I was bucking
against him, screaming in pleasure and need, begging with all my heart and soul. 
I'd never felt such need or emptiness in my life.

    He removed his fingers slowly to make my begging more prolonged and fervent. 
My submission was total.  Nothing mattered, just as long as he'd fuck me . . .
hard.  I felt the tip of his cock press smoothly against my clit right as I felt
the first touch of his slick fingers on my nipples.  His body heat tortured me,
but the slow build-up of pressure as he began to pinch them was worse, much
worse.  He teased me, pressing into me as he worsened the pain.  When he began
to fuck me, the down stroke signified both horrendous pain and exquisite
pleasure.  They became one in my mind. 

    He pulled out prematurely.  I cried in earnest, turning around and
prostrating myself at his feet, wagging my hips and mewling pitifully.  My
nipples bled.

    He picked me back up and put me face-up on the couch.  He caressed around my
nipples and leaned to kiss my neck.  I honestly couldn't tell whether or not his
mouth brought pleasure or pain.  The seam of his jeans brought the barest of
friction to the outside of my cunt as he twisted my nipple in a grip that would
have made me scream before all this happened.

    I passed out, the sounds of agony dying in my throat as an excruciating
pleasurable orgasm wracked my body. 



   I came to, some hours later.  He smiled at me, an arrogant mad-hatter's grin
as if he knew everything about me, as if he knew that I would have done it even
if there hadn't been any goddamned blackmail.  I groaned. 

    My hands were untied and my clothes neatly folded beside me.  "You'd better
get dressed if you want to be out of here before Jason returns."  I put on
everything in autopilot.  In my small pack, I found the pictures of me he had
threatened to give to Jason, of Luke and me.  I hadn't wanted to tell him.  Now,
it just didn't matter.

   I looked up at him.  Dammit, he knew.  He fucking knew.  "Jason's driving his
mom down to Palm Springs next Saturday.  I'll pick you up at twelve."  I could
say no.  I had the negatives, the originals, and the doubles.  There was nothing
holding me.  He wouldn't tell. 

    "I can say no."  My voice was breathy, arousal staining my cheeks.

    He grinned at me again, as though he could see right through me.  "No you
can't."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  princess0beauty


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





