BDSM Library - A Modern Human Dairy and Meat Farm




A Modern Human Dairy and Meat Farm
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Set in future, animal live all dead, humans used as milk and meat source, human cattle used for sex and cook outs.
A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

This story is set in the mid 21st century It is a time very much unlike the
world of today.After the 9-11 attack on America the economy went in the dumper
and without the American economy the rest of the world became human
food.Although fearing a backlash about this last law it was passed as putting
the orphans in government sponsored  farm or packing plant.And so it was any one
with a good lawyer and a judge to sign the papers could have any one they didn't
like declared human livestock and sold at public auction then it becomes the
decision of the new owner as to there fate.A great part of my human livestock
comes from.these auctions,but I also raise some of my stock through my farm
breeding program.The breeding program is a good thing but it takes a long time
to raise human cattle to breeding age,although we allowed to butcher young
livestock at 13 years of age and we do get requests for the very young roasters
we still need the government assistance program to defray the cost.The
government pays so much per year per orphan to raise them.The law allows any
orphan not adopted by the age of 13 to be put in the human livestock program.The
law does not allow using them as human cattle in the livestock program.under
age.This does not mean that all will on their 13th birthday become meat as some
will go in to our Pony Girl Program.The Pony Girl Program does allow us to use
girls at age 12 to be trained as pony girl drivers and can drive in amateur
races until they reach 13 years of age.Then there is our milkier program which a
good number of the young females will go into this or our breeder program.Some
of the young males will be selected for our breeder bull program.But alas the
most will be raised and fattened out as meat.We do our own butchering and meat
processing here at the farm.We also have a custom catering service and transport
all the equipment needed to provide any type party or cook out the customer
requests.We also have a large club house and outdoor cook out area.We have four
large open pits for spit roasting,we have three large and one small see through
Pyrex live roasters,these are the latest models with full attachments including
sound ports in the lids.We have just upgraded to these even our portable
catering units are the new style.These units are much improved over the old
ones.These new units give a much better view inside and provide much more
enjoyment for live roasts,the also have three different length spits a  6- 12-
and 18 inch all three sizes lock into the larger turntable built into the bottom
of the unit and eye bolt hooks in the turntable to tie your live roast down
where as with the older units you had to use the lid to hold your roast down.Now
you can set your live roast down on the size spit that will not rupture the cows
insides and keep her alive much longer during the roast,and with the turntable
hooks she can be tied down by her pussy rings or pussy clips.But one of the best
improvement is the large audio ports in the lid,this allows you to leave your
live roast without a gag and with the large sound ports open you can enjoy all
the screams from your live roast.The smaller live roasters are a real blessing
as the allow a much easier live live roasting of a very young cow who are much
smaller and it comes with shorter turntable skewer spit rods.

We have two of the new  see through Pyrex live bake ovens with the see through
Pyrex bake pans with restraint hooks and and a full set of chains pussy and
nipple clips,they also have a set of pussy spreaders.Now you can restrain your
live roast cow on her back and use the nipple and pussy clips with the pussy
spreader and if you don't gag her your guests will enjoy a great vocal and
visual show.

We also have a area set aside with bleachers and table seating for special
events.We have a large pond about twelve feet in diameter and six feet deep set
up with a Drowning Chair.This is attached to a twenty foot pole hinged in the
middle about six feet up and the cow can be strapped in the chair and swung over
the water to be drown.By regerlateing her time under water you can prolong her
death for quite some time and give your guest a much longer erotic thrill.

WE have a full size six rope gallows with trap doors and up high enough to let
the cow drop through and the guests view her death struggles in full sight.

Off to the side we have three six foot impaling spikes and a Roman T cross for
crucifying, these are usually used for old bulls and burned out milkier and
breeders.

We are also set up to do any other type Special Snuff requests.We can do live
skinings,spikeing,slow hanging,flaying,whipping and drawing and quartering.These
services are not often requested and are usually used on bulls or burned out
cows as it damages the meat.We also have a large portable electric generator to
perform live electrocutions,this is a popular request and is used on human cows
and bulls.This can be done simply for entertainment purposes or at a live roast

The method of live electrocution is the same in both operations.The cow is
either tied to a live roast spit which is two steel pipes five feet long and too
inches in diameter set twelve inches apart and welded to each other and a eight
foot center spit rod by cross braces .The wrist are tied behind the neck and
elbows tied back to the outside spit rails,then the cows ankles are tied to her
upper thighs and her knees pulled apart and tied back to the outer spit
rails.This now allows for insertion of special metal dildo and but plugs
inserted in her with electrode hook ups on each to be easy to reach.Then metal
spring loaded clips are put on her nipples,pussy lips and clitoris,these are
wired to the electrodes on the dildo and but plug and then to the voltage
control box.If you are using a bull the hook up is different as to the dildo and
pussy clips.You would use only the butt plug and use the metal cock and ball
cage along with the metal electrode shoved in the bulls penis and hooked up to
the butt plug and cock and ball cage.Now you are ready to start your cow
roasting while sending jolts of electrical current into her or him.Your live
roast can be kept alive long into the roasting  and provide you with erotic
enjoyment long into her or his roasting by controlled use of the voltage setting
and duration of the shocks NOTE :If you do not gag your roast you can enjoy even
more erotic pleasure form there screams.

Our Custom Catering Service has a fleet of trucks and trailers and we can
deliver to the customer any type foods or services requested.We have human
livestock trailers to bring the cattle with us so it is fresh.We also have
referferated trailers to bring the meat already butchered.

PART ONE :A SPECIAL CATERING :

I got a call last week from and old friend of mine who is a US Senator now.It
seems a arch enemy of his died in a auto accident a while back and he and some
of his political buddies got a slick lawyer and a crooked judge and got the mans
wife and kids declared non humans.The were declared human livestock.The were
able to buy them before the went on the auction block.He is having a big cook
out next Saturday it is a very private affair.He wants  to do several live
cookings which is not unusual ,but he is to supply the cows which is as I
explained to him that this is where part of my profit is supplying the meat.He
offered me a price I couldn't refuse so I agreed.It seems one of his arch
enemies up in Washington was killed recently in a auto accident and as revenge
he and several of his friends had pulled some dirty legal tricks and had his
wife and children declared as livestock and he had bought the before the went up
for auction.There is a wife two daughters and a son.They are due to be delivered
here today which will give me two days to get them ready for Saturday.

I was down in the breading barn and had just fucked a little 13 year old heifer
I am feeding out for a live roast next Monday,she has a nice tight ass hole and
will get some more of it before she goes in the roaster.I heard the stock
delivery truck as it pulled into the feed lot where we unload and run the cows
through a medical inspection before we run them through the dipping vatWe always
do a medical inspection on any incoming stock. To make sure they are in good
health,then through the vat with hair remove chemicals then through the shower
and blow dryer.Then they are put in a stall and restrained.

The driver is just putting the offloading ramps down when I arrive.I help him
open the doors on the stock trailer.He has a light load to day as he came down
from Washington with only the 3 cows and 1 young bull.They were all strapped by
there legs waist and chest to the wall of the trailer I instructed my 2 handlers
to leave them gagged and there hoods on until we got them unloaded and our vet
got here.I couldn't tell much about them until they were off the trailer as they
still had the shipping bags on.These are a canvas bag that covers them from the
neck down with a zipper in the front.About the time there were unloaded our vet
Doc Jones showed up.My men unzip and remove the bags as I sign the bill of
lading for them.The wife is a very well built 32 year old and as the hoods are
removed I see she is very lovely.Her breast are not to large for her 105 pounds
they don't sag at all and have nice rosy nipples on the ends,some one will enjoy
them on their plate.She has long blonde hair and she is a real blonde ,she has
deep blue eyes that are pleading with me but I cant help her.As I check her out
and see she has a nice flat stomach and soft blond pubic trimmed neatly around
her pink pussy lips I look on down at her long shapely legs and think what a
shame she has to go in the roaster,but what a meal I look on the invoice and see
her name is Susan she is trying to talk to me but can only make moans and groans
with toe gag in her mouth.I hear the others raising the devil also as they have
recovered from the trip and the hood on there heads.They look around realize
where they are and the terror is setting,they had only heard about these places
but now they are here.I move over to inspect the young bull who is 17 and the
oldest of the kids,I call the breeder barn on my cell phone and have Ashley my
breeder foreman sent over here as I want her to work the young bull out.I move
to the oldest heifer she has her mothers blond hair and blue eyes,she is a
beautiful thing ,her breast are not as large as her mothers but nice and pert
with small pink nipples ,I think that we will put the metal nipple protectors on
them when we cook her to keep them from burning and turning black as the will be
a delicacies served on her breast. She has a superb figure and a neatly trimmed
bush framing her puffy pussy lips down to the vee dividing her shapely legs.I
check the papers and her name is Sally and she is 15. The youngest is Amy and
she is 13 she is also a blonde.She has her mothers looks.Before I go any further
with my inspection Ashley shows up.I tell her to check the young bull over his
name is Don.She knows what I want..I need him stretched out.She nods and drops
to her knees in front of him.,I can see his look of suprise as she takes his
limp cock in her hand then sticks it in her mouth.His mother is trying to pull
loose from the vet who is checking her over she is trying to protest what a
Ashley is doing to her son.The two girls just stare wide eyed at Ashley as she
sucks the young bulls cock.He has a look of total disbelief on his face,I can
see his breathing quicken and see his cock start to harden in Ashley's mouth,she
pulls off his cock and asks me all the way?I tell yes let him enjoy it,she nods
in understanding as it will be his last.Now I continue checking Amy over she is
a miniature of her mother her breast are not much more than small bumps with
little nipples forming,she still has a lot of baby fat and just the start of
peach fuzz on her pussy,you can see her pouty lips and the little slit with a
little pink showing.I turn to Dave who has the clipboard .Still in front of Amy
I tell him a live bake on this one ,no gag with nipple and pussy clipes.Amy
doesn't change expression she doesn't understand what that means,her mother does
understand and is trying to scream as her knees go weak and John my other man
has to support her.The other girl understands and turns white as a sheet and is
also screaming.The boy is making noise but not about the same thing,he is having
an orgasm and cuming in Ashley's mouth and she has her arms around him to keep
him from falling down as he is trying to fuck her face and pump his cum in her
wet mouth,his head is laid back and his eyes glazed over in the passion of the
moment.

Now I move over to Sally she looks at me with fear in her eyes as she knows what
is coming,she is groaning behind her gag now as is her mother ,Amy is crying as
she understands part of what I said about her.She understands the live bake
part.I don't look any of them in the eye as to me they are just cattle.Ok Dave I
want to live roast this one,but use the 8  inch spit in her ass it won't damage
her,I don't want to spit her pussy because I want the full set of pussy and clit
clips with weights and bells.I want to use the breast clamps and use the metal
nipple protectors I want them to stay pink and juicy to be served breast up with
garnish,also use both elbow and knee spreaders I want her pussy and breast on
full display as she is roasting.She stares in disbelief trying to scream her
terror.her mother is about to faint,John is holding her up she cant believe this
is happening..I tell Ashley to hold Sally as her knees are buckling as I move
over to hold the bull.I pick up a set of hobbles and put them on him,then I
hobble the two girls then the mother.Now I move over to Susan she is screaming
behind her gag as she waits to hear her fate.Ok Dave I want live spit this one
but up her ass as I  want breast clamps and full nipple clips with weights and
bells.Use the full set of pussy and clit clips with weights and bells also put
the 8 inch metal Invader in her pussy,use the knee and elbow spreaders to show
off her pussy and breast on the spit.and as with the others no drugs or gags the
Senator wants to hear them scream on the fire.Susan keels over and I bring water
and revive her as my orders are she is to hear all the sentences passed on all
of them .I think this unduly cruel but I have my instructions.Now the young bull
I tell Ashley to hold on to him as all them are in hysterics now,I want to live
spit him,he knows what that means and tries to struggle but Ashley handles him
as she is used to handling the breeder bulls.Put the nipple clips ,bells and
weights on him,Ashley I will need you to jack him up hard and put the Bull Cage
on him as the Senators wife wants it for herself so make it tight so he doesn't
loose it while cooking.Also put the Nut Crackers on him and tighten them down
.The senator wife and daughter want to hear him scream move over to Susan and
say listen I really don't like this but if not me someone would ,I just want you
to know you are here because of the Senator Ok run them through the vat and
shower and put them away.I have to call the Senator to let him know they have
arrived.I going up to the house for lunch and and take care of this paper
work.After my call to him I call Ashley at the breeding barn to pass on my
instructions.Ashley I will be down at 7:00 p.m. and I want the youngest girl on
the spiting table with a inch and three quarter O ring gag on her also grease
her ass hole up.Put the mother on the bucking horse with both metal  pussy dildo
and but plugs ,put the electrode clips on her nipples and wire up both dildos
and put a 2 inch O ring gag on her.I will need you to stay with me until I
finish up then put them away.You can get the young bull out tonight if you want
to I know you will enjoy that.Be sure to but fuck him,those are my orders ok
Seven o clock I am at the breeding barn,Amy ts strapped to the spitting
table,the padded blocked on the rear of the table under her stomach raising her
hips up against the straps holding her down on it,her legs are spread wide and
strapped to the edge of the table leaving her pussy and but hole open to me.Her
heck is strapped onto the padded block on the other end of the table leaving her
head sticking over the edge,she has a strap around her fore head running back to
the strap around her waist this holds her head up giving me access to her mouth
with the O ring gag in it.Her mother is sitting astride the bucking horse,she
has both 8 inch plugs in her,her legs are strapped to the sides holding her down
tight on the horse,her wrist are hooked to a 4 foot spreader bar and pulled up
over her head leaving enough slack for the horse to buck up and down.She had
nipple clips on each nipple and had electrical wires hooked to them and the
wires ran down and hooked to the wires connected to the metal dildo and but plug
then all the wires ran over to a 120 volt electrical control box,the control
unit was remote controlled and Ashley had the control unit along with one for
the bucking horse in her hand.It would be her job to administer the electrical
shocks and adjust the speed of the horse.Susan is a very beautiful erotic sight
setting there all hooked for her ride she looks at m in distress trying to
protest what she knows I an about to do to her daughter and her,but can't talk
with the O ring gag in her mouth.I undress and move up to her face ,then grasp
her by her hair and shove my hard cock in her mouth and as she tries to shake
her head I hold on and fuck her face,dam this is good but don't want to cum yet
.I will save that for Amy,I pull out just before I cum and step back.and whole I
cool done a little and get ready for the young one I give Ashley her new orders.
I tell her about the phone call from Linda the Senator's wife .Linda wants the
young bull milked as often as possible as she and the other ladies want our cook
to make a large order of brazed bull pricks with bull cum gravy,she wants his
cum,boy I don't know what this ones husband did to the Senator but he sure
pissed him off,sounds like he pissed the whole family off.At this news Susan is
making more noise and trying to scream.Now time for Amy,she is not happy as she
knows what is next.I move over and put my cock in her O ringed mouth and feel
the warm wetness and the smooth inside of her mouth.Now I move deeper in almost
into her throat and pull back to let her breath I stroke a few more times and
pull out and go behind her,I reach down and stroke her almost hairless pussy,as
I push the tip of my finger inside her she is moaning,now I feel a little
moisture and her moans change in tone and start to take on a sense of
arousal,she is getting very wet .Her mother is going crazy in protest but can do
nothing ,I tell Ashley to start her ride that should take her mind off what I am
doing.Now I slip my dick in her virgin pussy just as her mother starts bucking
up and down on the to plugs inside her.I start in until I feel her hymen then I
pull back a little from inside  her incredibly  tight hole then shove hard I
feel her wince in pain but I am in.Dam she is tight,I am going slow and trying
not to hurt her anymore than I must.I am not heartless and this is part of the
instructions and I will be much easier on her if I do it rather than one of the
farm workers.now she is getting her juices flowing and starting to respond to me
as I slowly move in and out of her tight pussy.Her mother is really coing nuts
as she is bucking up and down and making all kinds of noise,the pitch of her
moans and groans goes up each time Ashley hits her with a jolt of juice to her
plugs and nipples,now Any is reaching a fever as her passion builds toward her
orgasm and I am trying to hold mine back to let her have what will be her last
climax,now I can feel her pussy muscles tighten around my cock as she starts to
spasm into her orgasm,as she is squeezing my cock inside her tight hole I start
pumping my hot load into her.As I stop shooting I pull my limp dick out of her
tight slick hole and clean up at the sink as I watch Susan still riding.I ask
Asley how many times she has got off ,and she tells me three,Ok give her a
couple more tonight then clean them up and feed them.I want Susan back here at
9:00 a.m. in the morning and tie her so she has a good view,bring the other girl
and put her on the table.And be sure to start milking the bull ok.I head off to
the house.

After breakfast I head to the breeding barn to see what Ashley has done to Susan
as I know she can be very creative.When I arrive and see what she has done I
think that I must give her a raise,she has out done her self this time.Sally is
strapped down to the table like Amy was but Susan is hooked to two 4 ft spreader
bars and lifted up over the table to form a X right over her daughter facing
down with her head over Sally' but  about three feet over her.I must admit she
has a good view.As both cows are gagged they are moaning and groaning as both
know what this is about.The girl knows she is going to be fucked and soon I will
know if it is the first time.I pull my cock out and move to her mouth ,I see
fear as she looks at my hard cock,She can't pull away with the way her head is
strapped so I slip my cock through the O ring and into her mouth,as I look up a
little I see right into Susan's wide spread pussy ,I tell Ashley to lower her
down a little she smiles and lets her down until her pussy was even with my
mouth.Susan jerked as soon as my tongue touched her slit,all the time I was
holding Sally's head and slowly stroking in and out.As I licked Susan' pussy she
starts to moan passionatly,knew I could not keep this up very long so I had to
pace myself to be able to finish the job.Now as I feel about to cum I stop and
pull out of Sally's mouth and work on Susan's pussy.She is getting very wet now
and now her moans are of sexual passion as she approaches her orgasm now have
two fingers inside her as I nibble on her clit,now I feel her climaxing ,she
climaxes with a shudder and then hangs limp.Now Ashley lifts her back up as I
move behind the girl and put my hand between her wide spread legs,I could feel
her quiver and moan as I slipped a finger in her pussy,now she is responding to
my finger and starting to get wet inside,I glance up at her mother and see she
is very quite and watching me intently.Now Sally is starting to heat up she is
very wet inside so I slip my hard cock head in her pussy and as I start to ease
in I can feel an obstruction and I know she is a virgin and this will be her
first and last fuck.,I ease out and push hard and break through into her tight
slick hole.She grips my dick tightly as I slide in,now I ease back and start a
slow in and out movement.Now I feel her start to try pushing back against me but
she is strapped to tight.Now I speed up my strokes I can hear her breathing
quicken and her moans louder,I start to pound her hard now ,I feel her close to
her climax and pace myself to orgasm with her,here it comes she tenses as she
climaxes and her pussy tightens around  my spurting cock.I am pumping my load in
her as I look up at Susan and see a glassy look in her eyes,I tell Ashley to
lower her down and finish her off as she has became excited watching me fuck her
daughter.Ashley lowers her and brings a large dildo to use on her.I pull out of
Sally and clean up as I have other work to take care of.As I go out the door I
can hear Susan's moans and I smile.

At lunch I tell Ashley to have Susan in the breeding barn at 7: 00 p.m. tonight
and put her on the table with the O ring gag.I ask her haw the bull milking is
going and that tomorrow is Friday and the big cook out is Saturday afternoon.and
I had checked with the head cook who tells me we don't have enough bull cocks.I
tell her to go over her breeding bull herd and see if we can cull out some older
stock to butcher out to use for inventory or hamburger for counter sales .Just
see if we can come up with enough and if she cant get enough cun from the young
bull she can milk a few of the breeding herd that the ladies wont know the
difference.Dam those ladies are mean even the daughter when the Senators wife
called  I could hear her in the background giving orders about the young
bull.Seems they were in the same school and he dumped her.What is the saying
about hell and a woman's scorn.

It is seven o clock and I am at the breeding barn,Ashley has Susan strapped to
the spitting table and she has greased her ass hole for me.I move around to her
head and tell her that I am sorry about all this and that it will all be over
sataurday afternoon.I am telling you this so you can make your peace and that
all we are doing to you and your kids is on instructions from the Senator,his
wife and daughter and that I am bound by law to carry them out as I have signed
a contract.All this would usually be done by my stock handlers or a breeder bull
but I am trying to make this as easy as I can.I will try to make you enjoy this
as much as I can.Also you should know all your lady friends will be there there
and my orders are that I keep all of you alive as long as possible they want you
to be the last one alive so you can watch the others go I know this is the most
cruel thing I have ever done but the contract was signed before I knew all
this.You will all have your gags removed when we star and your pleeding won"t
change anything ,it cant be stopped Tomorrow I am going to lock all of you in
the supply room and remove your hobbles and gags so you can spend your last
night togather.I look in to her tear streaked face and I think I can see a small
look of gratude.I did not tell her the worst part that was to come.

Now I pull my half hard cock out and put it through the O ring gag and into her
mouth,I feel her trying to suck on it as best she can.I let her work on it until
it is hard.I pull out and move to her rear and stroke her clit to get her wet ,I
use my thumb and fore finger to stimulate her clit and soon feel her start to
respond.Now I ease my cock into her wet tunnel and easily slip all the way in
although she is very tight.Then I start a slow rhythm as I fuck her,now I hear
her breathing become labored and she is trying to push back against my cock.As I
feel her approaching an orgasm I speed up my thrusts and pace myself as not to
cum yet,Now I feel her body quiver as she climaxes and feel her juices around my
hard cock.As soon as her spasms subside I pull out and motion Ashley over to
grease my cock,she applies the lubricant to the head and jacks me to make sure I
am very hard then guides the head into Susan's ass hole  then steps back to
watch.I try to be as easy as I can as she is very tight,I let the head stay just
inside and let her adjust to it then I slowly push in and get the head past her
splector mussels can hear her sharp intake of breath and a low moan comes from
her.I can tell this is her first time.I know it hurts but I want to open her up
as she is in for a rough time at the cook out.She will be savagely used in all
her holes by all the men and some of rhe women.I slowly ease on in her giving
her time to adjust to my hard cock.As I feel her relaxing I ease out a little
way and slowly back in ,it is easier this time so I start a slow fuck in her
ass.Now I feel her start to respond as her breathing quickens as she tries to
hump back to my thrusts now I speed up my thrusts as she is close to her orgasm
and so am I .As I feel her clinch her mussels around my cock I pump my cum into
her ass.She is in the throws of a massive orgasm and she is milking my cock
dry.As she is drained and her ass hole relaxes I pull my cock out and go to the
sink and clean up.I take Ashley aside and tell her to clean her up and put a
eight inch anal intruder in her tonight.Also have Amy ready in the morning on
the spiting table as I will fuck her ass then.After lunch I want Sally on the
table .When I am through with them and lock a eight anal intruder on all the
females and the young bull also.

After lunch it is Amy's turn I will enjoy this as I know she will bee very
tight.Ashley is waiting as I enter the breeding barn and she has Amy on the
table ready for me.I move on up to her head and put the head of my cock in the O
ring in her mouth and move it in and out slowly but pulling out enough for her
to breath around it.As soon as I was good and hard I pull out and move behind
her,I put two fingers into her little pussy and play with her clit and she
starts to respond to my fingers.I call Ashley over and quitlely tell her that as
soon as I am in her and going good I want her to remove Ashley's gag but put a
penis gag back as soon as I am through,she nods her understanding.As soon as I
feel her getting wet I slip my cock head in her pussy and wait for her to adjust
to its size.Then I eased on in about two inches and feel her loosening up
although still very tight,now I eased on in her and then was all the way in.I
held there to let her adjust to my big cock then eased back almost out and
started a slow fuck in her.as soon as I feel her respond and her breathing
quicken I give Ashley the signal,she removes the gag and Amy is surprised for
half a second then she screams but not in fear but in passion as her scream is
followed by oh yes don't stop ooo please don't stop.Now she is moaning loudly as
she is going into her orgasm she screams  ooooo  do me ooo.Quickely I pull out
and put the head of my cock in to her greased ass hole.i feel her tense at the
strange feeling and she  lets out a loud OH in a suprised voice,at this moment I
slip on in to her about half way now she screams at the invasion of my big cock
in her ass,but I slip on in more as she is still screaming,I stop when I am all
the way in and let her adjust to my cock.As her screams die down a little I ease
almost out and start a slow fuck in her ass,now her screams turn into soft moans
then they get louder,now she is into her ass fucking.Now she gets very loud
screaming and moaning as she is about to climax,I hold myself off until I feel
her start to tense up as she is going into her climax and at that moment I shoot
into her tight ass.She is screaming at the top of her lungs as she feels her
orgasm sweep over her.When she slowely starts to cone down Ashley sticks the
penis gag in her wide open mouth pull my spent cock out of her still tight ass
as Ashley locks the gag in back of her head.I clean up and go back to my farm
business.

At one o'clock I go to the breeding barn and fuck Sally's ass as I had Amy's
then had her fitted with a penis gag also.I instructed Ashley to cuff all of
them with there hands in front and remove there hobbles and gags when she locked
them in the supply room tonight but be sure to put one of the farm hands on
guard all night.

Today is Saturday and we have a lot to do.I hold a meeting at breakfast to make
sure everyone is on track for this evening.We will have all the food ,drinks and
trimmings set up at the ranch by eleven o clock.The catering drivers and helpers
will have the oven,roaster and two open pits set up by noon as we will have the
cattle cleaned out and washed up and in sterile plastic bags and on site at
noon.I know that we cant start cooking until the Senator and his family and
guests have there fun with the cattle.This will still give us time to get them
on the fire by six o clock.Now everything is layed out we all go to make it
happen.

I arrive at the ranch with the stock trailer and the cattle,I can see the party
has started and the Senator his wife and daughter along with some of his guest
come out to watch the unloading.I have never seen his wife and daughter.Linda
the wife is a beautiful blonde and has one hell of a nice figure ,I can see she
has a nice set of tits and one fine ass.A picture flashes through my mind of her
on the spiting table as I push the spit rod up her lovely ass as she screams
just before the tip of the spit comes out her lovely mouth oh well I can dream.I
turn now and look at the daughter Lisa she is a fox ,she has a body that makes
your dick hard at first glance,nice little firm tits and a slick well filled out
butt.Again my mind flashes and I see her setting on the twelve inch spit in the
roaster turning slowly around with her legs spread showing off her spread out
pussy and screaming as loud as she can. But back to business.




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM

A Special Catering:CHAPTER TWO:

The hands are unloading the human livestock for the cook out,the cows are
incased in slip over plastic bags with only there heads and feet out of the bags
much like cloths from the cleaners.This is to keep them as clean as possible
while in shipement,they will be washed down again before cooking.They have all
been flushed out inside and will only need there orifices washed washed out
after the guest finish with them.We leave the head hair on the live roast and
cover it with a clear liquid glass formula that hardens into a fire proof
covering,this allows us to keep them in there natural looking state while
cooking and serving.WE keep there arms and feet bound during the shipment and
they are gagged the whole time and removed only to service the guests and when
ready for cooking.We have brought along four spiting tablesto prepare them on
and will be used to bind them to for the guest to have access to all there
orfices.When the guest have had there fun with them we clean them up inside and
out and prepare them for cooking as they are positioned to make this an easy
process.The mother is brought off the trailer first and the Senator and his wife
are there to greet her and tell her what they are going to do to her and her
kids.As the Senator and his wife Linda went over all the gory details and the
fun all them were going to have I turned away to look the other guests over But
as I surveyed the group my mind was on how I got into this deal.The Senator
being a old friend of mine I had no idea what he had planed until after the
contract was signed.Then it was to late.I could see the power he and his
political friends had and knew I had to finish this thing up as distasteful as
it was,don't get me wrong this is my business and human livestock are just
cattle to be slaughtered,but this is a different deal.To this day I never
learned what her husband did to piss so many of these people off this bad.As I
look over the group I see all the Washington power players and there fancy wives
who until now had been Susan's good friends and hob hobbled with her at all the
big dinner parties.And of course the men who had all ogled her and wanted to get
the beauty in bed.The next off the trailer is Sally,now more of the guests are
crowding around the cows.Several men are close to Sally waiting for the plastic
bag to be removed to get a good look and feel her up,I see the women are around
Susan I hear one tell her as she pinches her nipples. Now miss high and mighty
how you have fallen I am going to love making you eat my pussy and your
daughters to then I will fuck you in the ass with a strap on dildo and Linda has
big plans for you and all us girls will enjoy your whole family.And just so you
know Lisa has very special plans for your son after he is through licking all
our pussies she is going to fuck him in the ass.Then she says I saved the best
part for last after he is cooked she is going to eat his cock with cum gravy
with his balls ground up in it.This last was to much for Susan and my crew man
had to hold her up as her legs gave out.All she could was cry and try to protest
from behind her gag.Now several of the ladies were over by Sally and one very
good looking lady had her hand between Sally's legs and oh boy she is getting
wet she likes my fingers in her pussy,at he same other ladies were playing with
and sucking her firm little breast.I turn my attention back to the unloading.
Now they have Amy unloaded and take her bag off.One the men says to the man
beside him.Damm so much pussy we should have started this party yesterday I hope
I can last to fuck them all,the other man laughs and returns yes and this little
filly is going to be the first.Another man joins  in damm to fuck all these cows
and then get to eat them to what a party.Several lades come over and one say .My
what a choice little thing she is going to taste good before and after she is
cooked another lady smiles and licks her lips.I hear Lisa shouting. Bring the
bull off I want to see him.I am going to make him sorry he was ever born,I will
teach him to dump me I can see the joy in her eyes over what she is going to do
him.Now they have him off and remove his plastic bag,Lisa steps up in his
face.Now dam you not such a big man now.You are mine now and have I got planed
for you. I am going to make you lick my pussy while my mother ass fucks you ,you
will be ass fucked a lot today but the last one is going to blow your mind.I
have never seen anyone spited and roasted but I hear it a horrible thing to have
dun to you,then she laughs.And she continues with.I am going to have your balls
crushed while you are cooking on the spit and have them keep your cock hard so I
can eat it.The bull looks at her with total disbelief. This could not be
happening it just could not happen.But he knew it was.

Now we take the cows over to the spiting tables and strap them down as we had
the cows in the breeding room with there heads pulled back for access to there
mouths I then announce to the crowd that one of my crew will be beside each cow
and the bull and if anyone wants one of there gags removed or them retied in a
different position the crew member will take care of it for them.I stationed one
man at each cows table and Ashley at the bulls table.

Now the debauchery started,a small crowd had gathered around the tables of Susan
and the young bull were strapped down on.Linda was at Susan's head telling her
what misery she was going to visit upon her,as Linda removes her skirt and
panties she motions her husband over to Susans's spread open and exposed
pussy,she tells my man to remove her gag and as The Senator slips his cock in
Susan's ass hole just as her gag is removed her mouth flies open to scream out
in pain Linda grasps her head and roughly shoves her hairy pussy into her face
and muffles her scream.Linda screams lick me you bitch lick my pussy,and then at
her husband fuck her ass honey,fuck her good all the time grinding her crouch
into Susan's face still screaming eat me,eat me you bitch.Excited by this the
other guests start to disrobe.Lisa is over at the young bull's table,she has
undressed and is holding the bull by his ears as she tells him ,now I have you
where I want you and I am going to make you so sorry you dumped me you
bastard.As soon as my mom gets through with your mother she is going to fuck
your ass while I make you eat my pussy,then with hysterical laughter she says
and later I am going to eat you.She laughs  and continues with barbecue
sauce.Linda is still with her pussy in Susan's face,then she motions one of her
lady friends over to take her place as she pulls away and heads over to a table
loaded with whips,cattle prods,dildos and other fun toys leaving her husband
still fucking Susan's ass with several more men stroking there hard cocks
waiting to fuck her.Linda straps on a large eight inch dildo pushing the six
inch insert into her pussy and goes over the bull.As Linda steps up behind his
wide spread legs Lisa has Ashley remove his gag and as she shoves her pussy into
his face she screams for her mother to impale him on the monster cock.As Linda
shoves the greased cock in his ass he opens his mouth to scream Lisa shoves her
pussy in his mouth and holding his head crushes it in to his face.She looks at
Ashley and tells her he is not licking,Ashley grabs his balls and squeezes them
hard,she can tell by the look on Lisa's face he is complying with her wishes.I
look over and see both Amy and Sally are getting fucked in both there mouth and
ass,there is a line of men stroking hard cocks waiting to take there turn with
them.

It is time to get things ready to go as soon as the guests are all fucked out
and finished there fun with the human cattle.We need to set up the food
preparation tables and get the oven and roaster equipment laid out with the spit
rods .The open cooking pits are hooked up and checked out making sure all the
gas burners are working.The chief lays out all the skewers, inserts and clips
and other items to be used on the cows.

The fucking party ended at three o clock .Now we retie the cattle back on the
tables .we tie them face down again as all were turned on there backs with there
crouches spread open for the guests to use the whips on there privates and
breasts.It looked like Linda and Lisa had a good tine with the whips on Susan
and the bull.All the cows were gagged again until we removed them to wash there
mouths out,then they would be left gagged until time to prepare them for
cooking.We bring the water trailer with the low pressure washer around to clean
out all the cattle's orfices,this and a good scrub down outside is all that is
needed.The cows were flushed thoroughly this morning at the farm. Now we only
need to wash all the cum out and off them.After the meat is clean we are ready
to prepare them.At this time for a normal live cooking we would have the oven
and pits turned on and getting hot,but this was not a normal cooking. The orders
are for the heat to be turned down to keep the cows alive as long as possible
and once they are dead to turn the temperature up to normal cooking temperature.

Amy is the first to prepare ,her legs are untied and pulled up under her and her
ankles tied with wire to her upper thighs then her wrist are pulled behind her
neck and tightly tied thus pushing her tiny breast out in front,she is moaning
and crying all the time as she knows what is about to happen.She is not hard to
handle because of her smaller size and she is almost frozen in fear.Now we
release her from the table and lay her on her back in the large Pyrex baking
pan.Then the stainless steel spring loaded nipple clips are attached to her
little nipples.She grunts in pain as the little metal teeth bite into her small
hard nipples, small steel chains attach to them and attach to hooks on the side
of the baking pan,these help hold her down in the pan.The chef takes a large
turkey baster and fills her pussy and ass hole with melted butter we would
normally have to hold a cows legs up in the air to prevent the liquid butter
from running out until the dildo is inserted but her pussy is still tight
despite the use the last few days. Next the six inch metal but plug is inserted
and a six inch metal dildo.She gives a muffled groan as each one inters her,
these have a small chain connected to each other and ran up through her pussy
and ass crack to a chain around her waist to keep them in place.Now we put two
chains around her ankles add attach the ends to hooks on the side of the
pan,this spreads her crouch wide open.Then we put the pussy spreader on her.This
is a oval steel ring four inches in diameter with six metal spring loaded clips
that clip  to both pussy lips and spread her pussy wide open,the ring has four
small steel chains that are pulled tight and hooked to the sides of the baking
pan. She lets out moans of pain around her gag as the metal clips little metal
teeth bite in to her tender pussy lips,and even as she endures this pain her
little pussy starts to get wet from all the attention it is receiving Now the
chef gives her a good basting with melted butter which is made from human milk
on my farm,this will give her skin a golden brown color when she is done.The
chef garnishes her with vegetables all around her sides. The chef adds one final
touch to top the roast off he takes another metal clip with a small metal bell
attached to it and clips it on her exposed protruding little clit.She makes a
beautiful sight laying therein the pan with eyes wide in fear all splayed out
with her pussy spread open,with her legs spread open to the sides of the pan it
gives a good view of the ends of her dildo and but plug. She is crying as she
knows that we are going to cook her in a few minutes and that will end her short
life.I can see the terror in her eyes as she is thinking of the searing heat of
the oven she will soon be placed in.Now she is ready for the oven but we set her
aside as the chef wants all four cooking at the same time.Now we prepare
Sally,as with Amy her ankles and wrist are tied the same way but before she is
released from the table the chef uses a turkey baster to fill her anal cavity
with melted butter,this lets the roaster spit rod slip in easily and make her
tender inside.Now she is released and tied on the preparation table on her
back.Now the chef brushes a covering of melted butter on her breast then puts
the clear Pyrex breast cups on her,these connect the cups together in the middle
of her chest and two chains hook up in back like a bra.The Pyrex cover keep the
breasts and nipple from over cooking and turning black ,they will cook to a
golden brown and remain juicey.They will be served on a plate with the nipples
sticking up and garnish around them.We then lift her but up off the table and
place a ten inch high padded wood block under her hips,we must restrain her
again as she is moaning and screaming through this process while trashing around
trying to free herself.She knows full well what is happening and she knows she
is going to be cooked alive and Lisa has told her that she is going to have her
pussy served on a platter with cum gravy made from her brothers cock served over
it when she eats it.Sally had also overheard why her breast are covered in the
glass covers,one of the Senators buddies offered two thousand dollars for them
served on a platter.She can only hope this is a dream but she knows it is
not.Hopefuly she will die quickly and not suffer to long in the hot cooker.And
she thinks about the rest of her family and is thankful for last night and that
they were able to be together one last time and say goodby.The chef now fills
her vaginal cavity with melted butter and sense her hips are raised up it will
stay in her until the dildo is inserted as she is not as tight as young Amy.Now
the chef slips a eight inch metal dildo in her pussy which slips in with ease in
the butter filled hole,he then ties it to her waist chain to hold it in.Then he
puts the pussy spreader on her,she is going into hysterics as the little metal
teeth bite into her pussy lips.She is screaming behind her gag and trying to
trash around but she is firmly secured,then he brushes a liberal coat of melted
butter all over her. Then as with Amy he clips a little bell on her clit,this
causes more shaking and screams from her.Now he mixes up the liquid glass
mixture and apply it to her hair and puts a plastic cap on her head the does the
same with Amy.The mixture will set up in about fifteen minutes,it then gives a
natural look but the hair wont burn while cooking.She is then strapped to the
table while the chef prepares the other two cows.As per instructions Susan's
table has been placed so she has to watch the others be prepared and she is
next.We will do the bull last as he is to be live spited up his ass hole and
wont stay alive as long as the others.

The chef will use the non skewer spit rod with the welded side rails as the
Senator wants her be kept alive as long as possible.The chef first mixes another
batch of liquid glass and applies it to Susan's hair the bull does not need any
as Ashley has already shaved his head.

First the chef lays the spit rack vertical down Susan's back and pulls a metal
chain around her just under her breast which is pulled tight and secured to the
outside rails of the spit rack then another chain goes around just below her
waist.She is frantic and tries to scream in protest around her gag but it does
no good.Next her arms are released one at a time and pulled behind her and tied
securely to the spit rails, they are tied again at the elbows,this is to make
her ample breast stick out even more.He then releases her legs and pulls them up
and behind her and secures them to the side rails.Now she is released from the
spitting table and with one man on each end of the eight foot center spit rod
they lift her up and lay her on her back on one of the long preparation
tables.The chef then clips the metal nipple clips on her nipples and then the
one ounce weights and two little bells,she is trying to pull herself free and
screaming as he puts them on and the metal teeth bit into her tender nipples.The
spit rod is then raised up  about five feet and secured to a metal rail made to
the end of the table,this raises her butt into the air.Now with the turkey
baster he fills her vaginal and anal cavities with melted butter, she lets a
moan of surprise as the warm liquid is pumped into her.Then as he slips the anal
plug in her she starts screaming again as she is sore from all the cocks she had
shoved up there,she grunted again as the dildo is inserted then she contained
sobbing could see the look of desperation in her eyes,but she knew it was
hopeless.The chains on the butt plug and dildo were pulled up and secured to a
chain around her waist.Now she was laid back down on the table to give the chef
better access to the crouch. Now comes the pussy spreader and she is screaming
between loud groans,then we have to retie her head to the spit rod as she is
banging her head against it.She jerks in pain and grunts loudly between screams
as each set of little metal teeth bite into her tender flesh,she gives one more
loud moan from around her gag as the little bell is clipped to her clitoris.Now
with all her bells on the guest would be able to hear them ring as she turned
slowly cooking over the fire after her screams have stopped.The chef now brushes
a liberal coat of melted butter all over her,this will allow the skin to sear
and seal in some of her juices,the barbecue sauce will be applied after she
starts to cooking.  We leave her on the table until we get the young bull ready
and then we will start all four cooking.

END PART TWO




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

A SPECIAL CATERING: CHAPTER THREE:

Now we must get the bull ready.I have Ashley and four of my male catering crew
to help us,I do not expect to much trouble with the young bull but to be on the
safe side I have plenty of help.I have a stretcher table brought over and we
untie the bull's hands one at a time and tie them behind him then his legs are
tied together and a strap ties them up to his bound wrists he is then released
from the spit table.The four men lift him over on the stretcher table.Wrist and
ankle cuffs are put on him then small steel cables attached to them and the
cables pulled over to the four heavy steal corner posts with one man on each
corner the cables are pulled very tight as his arms and legs are released.Now we
have him on his back stretched out in a X shape and he is ready for our chef to
do his job.First is the nipple clips which the bull doesn't like at all as he
groans around his mask and tries to pull free,but to no avail as the steel
cables are made to hold the very largest bulls.Our table is custom made for us
it must be very strong to hold a large while working on his cock and balls.Now I
have Ashley come over to jack the bulls cock to a hard state,this is done to put
the Pyrex cock cover on him.This is a long glass cylinder that slips over his
hard cock with a thin metal strap that tightens down at the base of his cock and
keeps his cock hard while being spited and cooked.The Pyrex clear glass cover
gives a good view of his hard cock while cooking and also keeps the heat from
burning it up.The cock will retain its stiffness and remain tender and
juicey.Lisa had ordered it cooked this and she wanted him to know this was her
idea.Ashley has him ready now.Lisa comes over now and stands at his head so she
look him in the face,she has her clothes on now.Damm she has a figure and a pert
little ass ,I have a image of me  shoving a spit rod up it.She is telling him
all about what she is having done to him.I can see the pain and terror in
his.Now he moans loudly and screams as Ashley shoves the cover over his cock and
the chef tightens it down,it is very painful as it must be very tight to retain
his erection.Lisa is laughing as he moans in pain,she is smiling as the chef has
the Bull Ball Busters ready to put on him.She tells him what is going to happen
now he is screaming in terror and fighting against his restraints in a desperate
attempt to escape.The chef puts them on his balls and closes and locks them.Now
he tightens the two thumb screws down just enough to snug them,as he stops
tightening I see a wave of relief come over the bulls face.Little does he know
that they will be tightened against the two flat steel plates inside the cup and
crush his balls just before he goes on the roasting pit.Now he is ready for the
spit.His arms are released and tied behind his neck one at a time,then his are
released and tied with his ankles to his upper thighs.He is now rolled over and
ha four crew men put him back on the spit table.He is then strapped down to the
two padded raised blocks .His ass is lifted by the rear block and his shoulders
are resting on the front block.Straps secure him to the blocks across his back
and sholders,a heavy leather strap is fastened around his forehead and two
leather straps attached to it are pulled back and tied to the table sides.This
pulls his up and back and holds him there.He is now in position for the spit
rod.

Now a crowd has gathered for the big event .all them want to see him spited and
the cows put on to cook.Linda is up in front with daughter and the Senator all
are smiling and laughing while cracking jokes about how varies parts of the cows
will taste.And they make sure the cows hear them,Lisa moves over to the bull and
gets close to his face and kisses him on the nose then licks her lips and says I
can't wait to stick a fork in your cock,then she laughs loudly at the look of
terror in his eyes.Linda is over beside Susan telling her something I cant hear
but can see the distress on Susan's face and know it is not something nice.

One of my men bring the spit rod over.It is a eight foot long solid steel rod
one and a half inch in diameter with a sharpened end. About a foot and a half
from the bottom it has flat metal bar welded to it ,the flat bar is four inches
wide and fifteen inches long and welded to the rod in the center.The flat bar is
used to tie the roast to so he will turn on the cooking pit other the spit rod
would just spin inside him.

I have Ashley at his head to remove his gag when the spit rod starts in him,I
put the sharp tip of the rod in his ass hole he makes a loud moan as he knows
what it is and he is going to be spited.As soon as I start to push it in him I
tell Ashley to remove the gag.Lisa is standing beside Ashley as it is
removed.Now the spit is about eight inches in him he lets out a blood curdling
scream as I push the rod on up into his guts now he only stops screaming long
enough to catch his breath as the spit continues into him.The crowd loves it by
all the laughter and smiles can also see several ladies pulling their skirts up
and hands going inside their panties.A number of others are breathing hard and
rubbing their breasts

As I continue shoving the spit in him Lisa is removing her skirt and panties as
his screams are turning her on,I enjoy the sight of her fine ass and get a hard
on thinking about fucking it and then shoving a spit rod up in her.Now she
stands in front of him and sticks her fingers in her pussy.As soon as they are
wet she rubs them on his tongue as his mouth is wide open as he screams.now the
rod is in his chest and I am careful not to puncture his heart and lungs in
order to keep him alive as long as possible am experienced at spiting and can
miss the vital organs.Now I know the tip is up in his throat as his are gurgled
with blood and the spit rod.Lisa is close to an orgasm as she has her top off
and squeezes her breast while her other hand is buried in her pussy. I continue
to push the spit in and Ashley motions me that it is coming out his mouth I ease
the pressure of as not to break his teeth with the sharp point,It is out his
mouth and Lisa goes into a powerful orgasm and has to have Ashley take her arm
to support her as her knees start to buckle she is screaming as the waves of her
climax sweep over her.I think to my self. Sadistic little bitch.I continue to
push the spit until the flat plate is against his knees,then the chef ties them
to the steel plate.Now the chef tightens the screws up on the ball buster
cup.The bull can't scream now with the spit rod in hie mouth and throat but is
making all the noise he can around the rod,his noises increase as his balls are
crushed in the cup.Lisa sees what is being done and laughs hysterically. Linda
is still over with Susan who is positioned so she has to watch everything can
see Linda pointing and laughing as tears roll down Susan's face and I think
thank goodness it will be over for her soon.Damm this bitch is cruel I would
like to have her strapped to the table while I Live Spitted her.I am sorry that
I got tricked into this deal.I was told that by the Senator that he had bought
some human cattle and wanted to throw a big cook out at his ranch.Since he was
an old friend I agreed to cater it for him and did not realize all the extras he
would add on later knew if I backed out after signing the contract I he would
ruin me and the farm.And I know if I did not do the job some else would and
would probably have used breeding bulls on all of them.

Now it is time to cook the meat,two of my crew pick up the spit pole with the
bull impaled on it and take him over to one of the two open cooking pits and
hang the rod on the metal upright forks on each end,then a flat rubber belt is
stretched over on end of the spit rod and back down to an electric motor which
will rotate the bull over the fire.The fire has not been started in the pit yet
since the Senator wants all of them to cook at the same time.The bull just hangs
over the pit trying to scream around the spit pole which is pressing his tongue
down and he can only make gurgling noises.He is terrified as he knows the fir
will soon be lighted and he will start to cook. Amy is taken in her baking pan
over to the oven,it is warmed up but not hot so she is set on top to await the
others before she is slid into the oven.Now Susan is brought over and hung over
the other cooking pit.She is crying and trying to scream as she realizes that it
is really going to happen,her whole family will soon be cooked alive.Next they
pick Sally over as the plastic hair covers are removed from all the cows.I now
see all the guest are undressed and all are masturbating or fucking each
other.Two of my crew lift Sally up over the roaster and wait for Ashley to
remove her gag,while at the same time two other crewmembers remove Susan and
Amy's gags.As planed all three gags are removed at the same time and all three
cows are screaming at the top of there lungs and begging and pleading between
screams,this sets the crowd into a sadistic sexual frenzy.The crew now set Sally
down into the roaster while Ashley   guides her anal opening onto the tip of the
twelve inch spit rod sticking up from the turntable in the bottom of the
roaster,a woman in the crowd screams  SPIT HER,MY GOD SPIT HER as she orgasms
with her hand buried up in her pussy.Sally is screaming and pleading as she is
lowered down on the spit rod.She feels the metal shaft invade her anal channel
as she slips down until her butt is setting on the flared metal shirt of the
spit rod base,now she knows she is skewered with twelve inches of steel up her
ass.Ashley helps the chef attach the small chains that hook her pussy spreader
to hooks built into the turntable,the prevent her from trying to lift herself up
off the spit rod.Sally is screaming,shakeing her head and begging as the lid is
closed and locked,the chef opens the sound ports in the lid so the guest can
hear her screams.The guests are crowding around her and the other cows and are
still in a wild sexual orgy driven on by the frantic screams of the cattle.The
chef turns the roaster on  and moves over to Amy leaving Sally on display
turning in the roaster as it heats up.The crowd has a good view of the end of
the dildo framed under her wide spread open pussy with the little bell on her
clit.The woman who was shouting is up next to the roaster and now has her whole
hand in her pussy as she shudders through multiple orgasms as she shouts COOK OH
MY GOD COOK HER OOOOOOH OOH COOK THE BITCH.The chef slides Amy in the oven amid
her screams of terror and panic as she feels the heat of the oven which has been
warmed up but is not hot yet.As the chef closes the door he turns the
temperature up to start the cooking,some of the crowd stands by the oven to
watch.Through the clear glass oven they see her laying in the large glass pan
with her legs all splayed out exposing the ends of her metal vaginal and anal
plugs below her little pussy lips held open by the pussy spreader.Many of the
men and women are masturbating as they watch the highly erotic sight.

Now to get Susan and the her son cooking,they were left last as meat on the open
pit cooks faster as it is directly over the flames.Susan is in tears and still
screaming and pleading with tears running down her face.The Senator and his wife
are standing by the pit as the fire is started under Susan and her son,Lisa is
still by him taunting him in his last minutes of life.The Senator and his wife
are masturbating as they watch the lovely former human woman turn on the spit as
the flames lick up to her.She is still a beautiful sight with her bells and
weights tumbling on her breast as she turns on the spit.The Senators wife
remarks that Susan's pussy looks good enough to eat all spread out like that,she
smiles and tells the chef I want her pussy on a platter covered with cum
gravy.Lisa is intently watching the flames licking up to the young bull as he
slowly turns on the spit as the chef is moping barbecue sauce all over his body
She is licking her lips as she watches his glass incased cock come into her view
as he turns while masturbates in a fit sexual frenzy.

The screams are dying down now as the cows are succumbing to the intense
heat.The bull is the first to die as he had more damage to his body.Soon his
skin starts to split and juices run out onto the flames and cause them to flare
up.Susan is getting weaker but lives long enough to see her sons final moments
of life,her eyes dim as she feels the last flicker of life leave her body she
says goodbye to her family and with tears in her eyes she dies.At this point I
have to turn away and walk off as this the most brutal thing I have ever had to
do.This is what I do for a living and killing and processing human cattle is all
in a days work,just a business but this is a thing all togather.I have never
known anyone like the Senator and this bunch.this is the most sadistic group I
have ever seen All these people here are former friends of Susan and her family.

Little Amy is the next to go followed by Sally in a few minutes take Ashley and
the stock trailer and head back to the farm I usually stay at these cook outs
and sample the meat with the guests but I want no part of this,I am thankful it
is over.THE END OF A SPECIAL CATERING.

As this ended I did not know that the Senator would come back into my life.

END CHAPTER THREE

Look for chapter four soon.

PICK UP MAN                                                                                                                                 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





