BDSM Library - The Smell of Sex




The Smell of Sex
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She found her roommate Laura stealing her boyfriend. So angry, she mind-controlled Laura and made Laura a pure lesbian. She wouldn't be stealing any more boys from anyone ... ever again.
The Smell of Sex Ch.  1

   by Couture

   Couture@literotica.org

   Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually
explicit stories and situations.

   (Fd, mast)

   (c)2001 by Couture



   I'm going to fix that little bitch!  Monique thought to herself.  She
sat at her desk soldering a circuit board.  She was the perfect picture of
a beautiful athletic African goddess and she looked very pissed.

   Monique had endured all the other insults Laura Leigh had heaped on her,
but when she watched Laura flirt with her boyfriend last night, that was
the last straw!  It really pissed her off, because she knew that Laura
didn't even like black guys, she just did it to spite her.

   So as the bitch happened to be her dorm mate, Monique was in the perfect
position to make the prim and proper Barbie-looking slut pay.

   Monique snapped a cover on the device she was working on and then lay
down on her back and slid under Laura's bed to secure it with some
electrical tape.

   She had waited patiently for the ice princess to fuck up so she could
use it against her, but Laura appeared invulnerable.  'Well maybe little
Laura just needs a nudge in the right direction.' Monique thought.  She
wondered if her plan would work at all, as she finished disguising the
small black device beneath Laura's bed.

   "Hee hee!  If my plan does work, well Ms.  Goody-two-shoes won't be
stealing any more boys from anyone else . . .  ever again." She was so
excited, she didn't think she would be able to sleep a wink.

   Later that night after Laura had gone to bed, but just before her eyes
started to close, a little red light came on underneath her bed.  If a dog
had been in the room with the two girls, it would have been able to hear.

   "Laura Leigh, when you wake up, you will be fascinated by panties, plain
panties, sexy panties, any color, and any size.  The thoughts of panties,
anyone's panties, or even hearing the word panty, will make your pussy DRIP
with pleasure!  Your mind will be consumed by thoughts of panties and
pussies.  When you wake up, you will have the irresistible urge to smell
panties, because the lingering smell of pussy and sexual musk on the
panties will turn you into a horny SLUT.  This scent will make you desire
to MASTURBATE your wet cunt.  The stronger the aroma of pussy, the hornier
and wetter you will become.  You will be hopeless to fight your desires to
sniff panties, especially when they belong to someone else."

   "Laura Leigh, when you wake up you will be fascinated by panties....."

   As the message was being repeated over and over, Laura's eyes wiggled
back and forth under her eyelids.  The message was programmed into Laura's
brain during REM sleep for the rest of the night.

   'Oh my god I'm being suffocated by a panty covered ass!' Laura thought
as she awoke with a start.  Then she realized she must have been dreaming
and had only turned her face into her pillow in her sleep.

   She was so hot at the thought of the panty-covered ass she had been
dreaming about.  A wonderful buzz emanated from her wet pussy.  Laura
looked over to be sure that the inferior black bitch Monique was not in the
room with her.

   Then she reached her hand down and began to trace the swollen lips of
her pussy as she thought of PANTIES!

   'God!  I am so hot!  She thought, as she began to stroke her pussy with
her middle finger.

   "I wonder how hot I smell?" and with that she brought her finger to her
nose and inhaled deeply.

   "Mmmmmmmmm!  I bet I have the best smelling pussy in the world!"

   "Ewwwww!!!  What am I doing?  I've always thought the musky smell of my
sex was disgusting!?!" Laura tore her hand from her face and jumped out of
bed to get ready for class.

   She came back to her room from her morning shower and noticed a pair of
panties Monique had left on top of her dresser drawer.

   "That slob, why do I always have to pick up after her?" she muttered to
herself as she picked up the panties to put them away.

   With her fingers touching the silky garment, Laura had an overwhelming
desire to smell them.  Deep down, she knew what she was contemplating was
wrong.

   "Well I need to sure they are clean" she rationalized, as she smelled
their clean fresh scent.  Laura opened Monique's lingerie drawer to put the
garment in and it was filled with even more panties.

   Laura rubbed the assorted panties gently.  She was jealous of her
dorm-mate's assorted silken treasures.

   'God I need a cum!' thought Laura as she felt a stab of pleasure deep in
her cunt.

   'It can't be the panties . . .  They don't turn me on like this.  It
must be from my dream, but all I remember was a panty covered ass.'

   Out of the corner of her eye she saw Monique's discarded panties and
shorts from her morning jog crumpled on the tile floor.

   'Hmmm.  Maybe I ought to clean those up for the slob as well.  I can't
wait to move in the sorority next year with girls of class and breeding,'
Laura thought as she bent to pick up the wrinkled items from the floor. 
However, instead of picking them up as she had planned, Laura found herself
down on her hands and knees.  'What am I doing, oh god, this is so
*wrong*!'

   'Just one little sniff,'she thought as she explored the recesses of the
shorts with her nose until she honed on the sweat soaked crotch of the
soiled panties lying within by sense of smell.  She inhaled her roommate's
scent deeply, enjoying the scent of Monique's exertions and the aroma of
her sexual musk.

   "Oh God!  These panties are positively delicious," Laura gasped.  As she
supported her upper body with her forehead, Laura undid the towel covering
her still wet body.  She ran her hands over her smooth young curves,
tweaked her nipples between finger and thumb which sent erotic pains
straight to her clit.

   Over and over Laura's brain repeated, 'This is WRONG...This is WRONG. 
Oh God!  I can't be doing this.'

   But her body was burning from the sensations of lust, so desperate for
release from her pent-up frustrations.  It felt so RIGHT as she stuck one
finger, then two up her already soaked sex.  Her sight and smell totally
overwhelmed, as her senses were immersed in Monique's soiled panties.  Her
face planted firmly in crumpled shorts, back arched gracefully, toned
thighs spread wide, and her young tightly rounded ass high in the air.  She
reached underneath her body and tormented her swollen clit.

   "Oh God!  Oh fuck!  Oh fuck my pussy." The blonde cried as she drove one
finger and then two deeply in her cunt from behind.

   "Oh Oh ohhhhh -- eeeeoooooowwwwww!!!" Her cries echoed off the
cinder-block walls as she came.  Several students passing underneath the
girl's dorm looked toward the commotion and wondered enviously which young
co-ed was getting her brains fucked out.

   "Ahhh...Cumming?!!" Laura, who had never actually climaxed before in her
young frustrated life, humped her fingers against the hard tile floor as
she felt pleasure flow like a tidal-wave throughout her body.

   Oh!  Oh!  Fuck I'm cumming!!  I'm fucking CUMMING!!"

   The small girl stuck out her tongue and tasted her dormmate's essence,
as she had a mind-blowing orgasm and her consciousness faded to black.

   The blonde laying unmoving, nose buried in her roommate's shorts, as she
laid face-down on the floor.  Her juices ran down her finger, which was
still buried deeply in her gaping cunt and collected on the tile floor. 
Had Laura known, she would be quite shocked to learn that a video camera
was recording her actions.

   For the second time this morning Laura awoke from a dream, of smelling a
panty-covered pussy.  This time however, she awoke to find her face
smothered by a real pair of panties.

   Laura groaned, "I can't believe what I just did.  I've become some sort
of a sick demented pervert." She cringed inwardly, as she thought of her
depravity.

   She glanced at the clock.  "Oh shit!  I am going to be late for class,"
she shouted still bewildered by her perverse actions.

   She stood quickly and washed her hands and face in the dorm lavatory. 
There was no time to take another shower, so she placed her right foot on
top of the sink, then pushed her hips forward until she was able to bring
her cunt directly over the sink.  When Laura turned the water on and
splashed it over her pussy, she felt a thrill of pleasure as the cool water
hit her swollen sex and hardened her small nipples.

   As Laura looked in the mirror, she was stunned by the image of the
blonde slut that greeted her there.  This person with her face and chest
flushed pink, small breasts capped by hard swollen nipples, clit pushed out
like a small cock, and her inner recesses peeking out from parted lips,
couldn't be her.

   The image in the mirror traced her fingers through the folds of her
aroused sex as her head tilted back in pleasure.  The person in the mirror
was a wanton slut, it couldn't be Laura.  It just couldn't.  Tears dropped
from Laura's eyes as she dried herself.

   Then she took the towel and carefully wiped up the evidence of her
morning activities from the tile floor of the dorm.  As she dressed, she
subconsciously put on the panties she had sniffed earlier, followed by a
bra, pink mini-skirt, white stretch shirt, and pink pumps.  Laura grabbed
her book bag, left the dorm, and began walking to her first class.  On the
way, she brought her hand to her nose and inhaled the lingering musk from
her morning activities.

   "Mmmm!  I smell good and royally fucked!"

   Little did she know how truly fucked she was.

   If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author.  Your
comments are their only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this
work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless explicitly
indicated.




The Smell of Sex

   by Couture

   Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually
explicit stories and situations.

   (c)2001 by Couture

   Part II



   'Damn, I must have put on the panties Monique had jogged in by accident,
these are much too tight to be mine.  I sure hope she doesn't notice they
are gone,' Laura thought as she felt the too tight panties once again slip
into her pussy.

   As she walked to class, Laura's eyes kept being drawn to the slim tight
asses of her fellow classmates.  Prior to today, the only time Laura really
noticed girls bottoms was when she would make fun of the lard asses she
attended school with.

   However, on this day, Laura's thoughts were preoccupied by panties. 
Through the thin fabric of her classmates' short skirts and tight shorts,
she could make out what sort of panties they were wearing.  Some wore low
riders, French cut, even a few thongs and it appeared that some girls
weren't wearing underwear at all.

   Laura wondered how guys at school could function with all these sexy
asses and panty lines around.  'Oh God, does this mean I am a lesbian? 
Wait a minute, I can't be a lesbian, I like guys.  What is wrong with me?
Mayby I'm so preoccupied about panties because of the tight ones I'm
wearing now,' Laura reasoned.  The highly aroused girl stopped walking and
leaned against the wall to avoid an impending orgasm that threatened to
boil over.

   "Oh God!  I may have to take these bastards off in order to get through
my classes today," Laura whispered to no one in particular.

   In class after class, Laura tried to relieve the sensations from below,
however they seemed to keep getting worse.  The young blonde was constantly
squirming in her seat in an effort to keep the panties from digging into
her crotch.

   "Is there some difficulty, Ms.  Leigh?" Her professor asked?

   "Oh!  I uh . . .  uh . . .  I strained a muscle while jogging," Laura
replied blushing, not meeting the professor's eyes.

   Laura was humiliated and wondered if the whole class suspected what was
really going on *down there*.  She thought she could smell the musky smell
of sex again and she wondered if it was hers or Monique's and whether or
not anyone else could smell her.  She knew after this class she would have
to go to the restroom and do something, anything, to would relieve the
contstant throbbing coming her sex.

   As the class ended Laura made sure she was the last person to leave,
because she was afraid there would be a wet spot on the back of her pink
miniskirt.  Thinking quickly, Laura loosened the straps on her book bag, so
it would cover her ass, just in case.  Then she hurried to the ladies
restroom.  However, with every step after being loosened, Laura's book bag
kept lightly slapping her pert ass.

   Between the book bag spanking her ass and the panties massaging her sex,
Laura worried she wouldn't make it to the restroom before collapsing in a
climax.  The poor girl wondered if anyone around her suspected that she was
dripping wet or even worse, could they know that she was going to do
something she had never done before . . .  masturbate in a public place. 
Luckily, she made it inside the ladies room without cumming and rushed into
the first stall she came to.  The lock on the door was broken, but it
stayed put when it was closed.

   Laura reached underneath her skirt and rolled the tight panties down her
thighs, before stepping out of them.  She was worried about being caught,
so she stood on top of the toilet lid where no one could see her legs, if
they walked in.  Then placing the top of her head on the front wall for
support, she proceeded to massage her throbbing clit.  In her left hand she
held the panties, she had developed such a love hate relationship with
today, tightly under her nose, smelling them , drinking in their musky
aroma.

   Unknown to the otherwise occupied blonde, two stalls over a young Goth
girl with her feet up, sneaking a smoke.  Her hair, fingernails, clothes
and lips were black, while her skin was ivory white.  She paused and
listened to the very interesting sounds coming from girl who had just
entered the restroom.

   "Oh God!  Ugh . . .  Ugh . . ."

   Squitch

   Shlep

   'Can it be?' the Goth wondered, 'Can someone at this uptight private
school be wanking herself?  God, wouldn't it be funny if it was one of
those rich prissy bitches,' she thought, grinning evily.

   Schlurp

   "Ahhh!"

   Laura was approaching an orgasm when she heard a latch open and the
heavy footsteps of heels.

   'Please don't let me get caught.  Please don't let me be caught!' Laura
thought as her heart was pounding in her chest.  She placed the smelly
panties over her nose and mouth to muffle the sound of her heavy breathing.
The only sound she was making now was the drip drop of the juices that fell
from her sex into the toilet.  Laura did the only thing she felt she could
to quiet the drips she was making.  She dipped her finger into her pussy
and scooped off as much of her fluids as she could and then stuck the
finger in her mouth.  'Ewwww . . .  I can't believe I just did that.' Laura
grimaced at exotic taste of her secretions.

   Then she heard the click clack of heels as the Goth girl walked closer
and closer to her hiding place.

   "Please God, if you keep me from getting caught this time, I will NEVER
EVER masturbate again!" Laura prayed desperatly to herself.

   Then she heard the door behind her open and someone giggling.

   "Please, LET ME DIE.  LET ME DIE!" she wished as she pushed her face
against the wall and covered it with the hand that was holding onto her
panties.

   The sight before the Goth girl was amazing.  Here was a girl who could
obviously be a model, squatting on top of a toilet, with her face hid by
her hands and pressed against the wall.  The most erotic thing about the
whole surreal scene was the blonde's sparsely covered pussy gaping open
between spread legs and dripping its slick cream into the toilet.

   "Ahem.   Are you all right?" the Goth girl asked.

   "Aside from dying of embarrassment . . .  not finishing the best cum
ever . . ." muttered a thorougly humiliated Laura, as tears began to form
in her eyes.

   "What was that princess?" Asked the Goth.

   " I said I accidentally wore my dorm-mate's panties today 
and they have been rubbing me raw and hurting me 'down there' when I
walked," gasped Laura as she kept her face against the wall in hopes that
she wouldn't be recognized.

   "I don't see any panties back here.  Oh I see, you have them up there.
What are you doing hmmm Princess?  SNIFFING THEM?" asked the Goth girl.

   Laura quickly jerked the panties down and draped them over her ass to
try to protect her privates from being seen in this vulnerable position.

   "I-I was . .  ah . . .  I was crying into them." Laura stuttered.

   Careful to keep her face hidden, Laura looked down between her spread
legs and dripping pussy at the girl behind her.  All she was able to see
was a pair of black leather studded boots and pale fishnet covered legs.

   'Please oh please!  Go away Black Boots!' Laura thought.

   The Goth girl reached up and quickly snatched the panties out of Laura's
hand, before she could react.

   "Well, you must have been crying a lot, cause these panties are
positively soaking *wet* Princess Panty," replied the Goth girl.

   "Oh!  Please give those back *PLEASE*," whined the distraught blonde.

   The Goth girl took the confiscated panties and began using them to
lightly stroke Laura's ass, thighs, and sex.  Whenever Laura felt the
panties touch her exposed skin, she would try to grab them with her free
hand, only to have them snatched away and moved to a different area.  Soon
Laura was so horny from being teased by the panties and her own meager
attempts to grab them that her hands would stay searching for the panties a
little longer than necessary.  Her every attempt to grab the panties became
just a little slower than the last.

   "Please?" Laura sobbed.

   "Don't worry Princess Panty.  I only want to help you," replied the smug
stranger.

   Even in this position, Laura had a smidgen of backbone left and said
loudly, "My name is not Princess Panty!"

   "Oh.  Then what is your name?" asked Black-Boots sarcastically.

   'There is no way I can tell her my name . . .  *no way in hell*!' Fresh
tears sprang anew and the defeated debutante muttered, "P-p-princess sniff
. . .  P-p-panty."

   "I thought so.  Well, Princess Panty, lift your leg up so I can get
these panties back on you."

   Laura obeyed and raised her leg in hopes of ending this embarrassment as
soon as possible.

   Click

   The Goth girl took a quick picture of Laura with a small digital camera
she had removed from her purse.  The picture captured Laura with one
trembling leg on the toilet seat, the other leg in the air, backed arched
and ass spread wide, blonde pussy gaping as juices ran down her thighs.

   'A little something to remember this by,' thought the Goth.

   "What was that sound?" asked Laura, hearing the click of the camera.

   "Oh that must be the janitor cleaning the men's restroom Princess Panty.
We'd better hurry and get this over with, before she comes in here.  Your
other leg now," the Goth said.

   Laura lifted her other leg and stuck it through the hole.  She saw that
the girl had black fingernails too.  Laura wondered if this girl was one of
those Goth freaks.

   'Hmmm.  I wonder if she has black panties too?' The thought of panties
brought another throb to Laura's pussy and the drip drop of her juices as
they fell below her.

   "Oh, please let's hurry and get this over with before the janitor
comes!" whispered Laura, 'And before I embarrass myself even more with my
dripping pussy,' she continued to herself.

   Laura Lee tried to lower her leg and found much to her dismay that the
panties gripped so low on her legs, she couldn't spread her feet apart over
the commode.  Her only choice was to step down and reveal her face or place
both her feet in the small space in the front of the lid.

   So Laura placed both her pink pumps pigeon toed in the crevice, legs
straight but bent at the knee, sticking her ass high in the air, with her
face against the wall.  Her posture spread cheeks of her ass wide, her wet
aroused cunt framed by tight thighs, providing the Goth girl with another
excellent photo opportunity.

   Click

   "Oh God!  Please hurry.  I think I hear the janitor getting closer!"
whispered Laura.

   Her legs and ass trembled from the strain of this posture.  The stress
proved too much for her legs and one of Laura's pink pumps hit the water.
"Damn!  Now my pump is drenched with toilet water, what else can possibly
go wrong?"

   Click

   The Goth got another hilarious picture of Laura quaking and then almost
falling into the toilet.

   Laura finally felt Black-Boots pull her panties up her legs, mercifully
covering her ass and pussy.  Laura was able to spread her legs again and
relaxed a bit over the toilet seat.

   "Wait . . .  wait!" Laura said when to her horror she felt Black-Boots
stick her finger underneath her panties and against her wet pussy.  Then
the Goth slid the finger through Laura's soaked folds and began running it
up and down between her slick labia.

   "No!  No!  Not that!" Laura gasped as she swung her hips from side to
side to dislodge the intruding finger.

   "Oh this will never do.  Never do at all Blondie," said the Goth girl
shaking her head.

   "No wonder you had such problems, these panties are entirely too snug."

   "Now be a good girl Panty Princess and hold still while I stretch them
out for you."

   Laura realized the girl was just trying to help and stood as still as
she could while Black Boots proceeded to tug, pull and smooth Laura's
panties again and again.  First, she tugged the fabric viciously back and
forth between her labia, embedding the panties deeply in the folds of
Laura's hypersensitive cunt.  Then the Goth would pinch the buried fabric
between forefinger and thumb and pull outward until the fabric threatened
to tear.

   "Owww!  Easy easy . . .  please be careful!" Laura cried, as the Goth
'accidentally' pulled Laura's blonde muff instead of her panties.

   'This girl must be a complete klutz,' Laura thought because sometimes
Black Boots would accidentally pull Laura's exposed labia, swollen clit, or
pubic hair instead of her panties.

   "Ugh . . .  Oww!  Oh my!" Having her pussy teased mercilessly had made
Laura hornier and hornier.  She felt warmth begin to flow throughout her
body as a climax came closer and closer.

   "Gasp -- Ahhh Ah!" Here was a reject she wouldn't talk to in a million
years and she was touching her where no one had ever touched her before.

   "Oh *PLEASE* don't let my pussy c-c-cum in front of this horrible
bitch..." Laura mumbled as she tried to think of something different and
not sexual, yet all she was able to think about was the image and aroma of
a black pair of wet panties.

   "What did you say Princess!" demanded the now angry Goth.

   "I-I-I said my p-p-pussy has a h-horrible itch..." stuttered the
distraught girl.

   'Oh God!  Did I just say that?' Laura wished she could take back her
words, the instant they slipped out of her mouth.

   "Why didn't you just say so Princess," replied the Goth as she pulled
the crotch of Laura's stretched panties to the side and began to stroke the
blonde's erect clit.  "Is that the spot where you have your little itchy?"

   "No!  No!  Not there!" cried Laura as she raised her ass even higher to
escape the fingers that were driving her toward an orgasm.  Laura closed
her eyes and held onto the wall for dear life.  She was on the verge of an
orgasm and knew she would either reveal herself and/or fall in the toilet
if she let go for one second.

   Finally the Goth withdrew her hand from Laura's clit, just before Laura
could embarrass herself further.  Laura sighed in relief and relaxed as she
got her urges back under control again.  Laura smelled the musky smell of
pussy again and it wasn't her own.  She opened her eyes and the Goth girl's
black panties now covered her head, one leg hole over each eye.

   'Why did Black Boots put her panties on my head?' Laura wondered.

   "Well your itch must be in here then..." the Goth said as she plunged
her finger deep in Laura's sex with no warning to the poor girl.

   "Oh fuck!  Oh -- Ahhh!" Laura cried, as she felt herself penetrated.

   Laura was openly grunting and panting now, too far gone to care.  Her
identity now secret, she let go of all her inhibitions, knowing that a cowl
of this strange girl's panties hid her face.  The Goth girl ceased her
teasing of Laura's sex, leaving the nubile blonde pushing her hips back,
searching for additional stimulation.

   "Uggghh...let me cum...Please." Laura moaned.

   "What was that Princess?  I didn't hear you," the Goth said, almost
laughing.

   "*Please* OH FUCK I need to CUM!" the blonde pleaded to her captor.

   "Call me Goddess Goth, slut and beg me to let you cum."

   "I'm begging you.   Please let me c-cu-cum Gah-Goddess Goth."

   The Goth girl helped Laura down from her precarious perch and stripped
off the remainder of her clothes.  She left the poor girl clad only in the
black panties covering her face and her pink pumps.  She looked like a
sexy, yet very stupid caricature of a costumed crusader.

   The Goth girl pushed Laura face down across the toilet and proceeded to
shove 1 then 2 fingers into Laura's dripping sex.  The Goth Goddess reached
up her own black mini and masturbated her clit while she stretched Laura's
tight pussy to the max as she pushed yet another finger into the blondes
gaping sex.

   Shlurp shleck spurt

   "Ohhh!  That's it you dumb blonde panty-sniffer.

   "Ugh...suck my panties and taste my pussy you lezzie slut!" the Goth
pulled her fingers out, until they were barely in the blonde girl's cunt.
The Goth stopped moving her fingers as she thought, "This prissy bitch has
probably gotten everything handed to her all her life, but if she wants an
orgasm today, she's gonna have to work for it!'

   "Oh!  FUCK your cunt is so WET.  Work that body for me girl!" Black
Boots demanded.

   Laura pushed herself back, stretching her poor abused cunt over Goddess
Goth's three fingers.  She rolled her hips around in a circle feeling the
Goddess's fingers touch her innermost secrets.

   'Why isn't she fucking me?  It feels like she's just holding her hand
still.' Laura wondered.  Her pussy really needed to be fucked.  So Laura
grabbed the toilet seat with both her hands and proceeded to fuck her cunt
on the Goths fingers.

   "That's a good bitch.  Fuck my fingers with your slimy cunt." The Goth
said as she watched the poor girl passionately work her body on the fingers
buried in her cunt.

   Laura felt herself begin to cum, while she was immersed in the smell and
salty taste of the Goth girl's panties.  She hated being called names and
humiliated by Black Boots, but at the same time every expletive made her
pussy, no her cunt, tingle with excitement.

   "Oh!  Oh!  I'm CUMMING Goddess!" she cried.  "Fuck my pussy please!"

   'Well let's give the poor slut what she craves.' The Goth girl proceeded
to rotate her hand as she shoved her fingers to the depths of the wet
blonde's swollen cunt.  "I bet you will find those frat boys a little
*disappointing* after I'm done with you Princess."

   "Ugh!  Your fingers are so deep in my CUNT!  FUCK!  FUCK!  Ahh!  They
feel so good.  Oh!"

   FUCK it Hard!  Oh Please, I'm almost there Goddess!  Keep FUCKING my
cunt with your fingers!"

   Ohhhhhhhhhhh-uhhhhhhhhhh-eeeeeee" Laura cried out, as she collapsed on
tile floor from her orgasm.

   The Goth girl reached down and wiped the juices from her fingers in
Laura's hair.

   "You are a good little lezzie bitch.  Awww . . .  poor little thing, you
are flat as a board." said the Goth as she rubbed her hands over Laura's
small breasts.  "Hee Hee.  I almost almost thought I was playing with a
little boy for awhile.  Don't fret Princess, you have pretty pink nips
though", Black Boots tweaked Laura's hard nipples, eliciting a moan from
the passive blonde.

   "Princess, has anyone told you that you have a beautiful cunt?  Hmmm?  I
think your cunt is your best attribute, a work of art," the Goth girl said
as she rubbed Laura's cunt possessively, spreading it's copious secretions
all over the blonde's firm stomach and ass.

   "You should be proud of your fat juicy little quim, it is truly a cunt
that was made to be fucked." Black boots spread Laura's labia wide, while
pulling her clit hood upwards, displaying Laura's aroused sex.  "Look at
it," commanded the Goth as she allowed the dazed blonde to look.

   Laura stared at her pretty pussy in awe.  She was always taught that she
should keep such things hidden, because they were 'dirty', but now Black
Boots seemed to think that her's was particularly pretty '. . .  a pretty
pussy . . .  a juicy little quim.  Whatever that means," though the spent
girl.

   "Here.  Give me back my panties now," said the Goth girl, as she reached
down to take her black panties from the naked pitiful blonde sitting on the
restroom floor.

   "No please!" pleaded Laura as she pulled the panties down tightly over
her head, concealing her identity.

   "Well, it is obvious Princess Panty loves the smell and taste of my
pussy so much she doesn't want to give me my panties back."

   "I would love to give them to you too, but I am such a mess now and it
is all your fault.  See?" said Goddess Goth as she pulled up her skirt and
showed Laura her wet matted cunt.

   "Perhaps if you were to dry my pussy for me, I would let you have my
pretty panties," said Black Boots.

   Laura could almost make out the logic of Goddess Goth's comments, but at
the same time was degraded by the fact that she was going to college in
order to clean the juices from this social outcast's pussy.  Giving up,
Laura Lee reached for some toilet paper to dry her conqueror's wetness. 
After all she had no choice but to clean her, if she were to continue to
remain anonymous.

   "No, little pussy-sniffer.  The toilet paper was not good enough for you
to dry your tears with earlier.  Remember slut?  So clean me with the
panties."

   Laura reached down to pick up Monique's stretched panties, so she could
clean this demanding and horrible girl.

   "Put those disgusting things down, Princess.  *Your* panties are much
too smelly and nasty for my nice clean pussy."

   I want you to use the pretty panties on your head."

   Come on now.  Be a good girl" commanded Black Boots.

   A humiliated Laura, having no choice once again, because both of them
knew she couldn't remove the panties without revealing her identity.  Laura
swallowed her tears then held the Goth's miniskirt up past her hips.

   'I can't believe I am considering doing this,' Laura thought as she
stared at the Goth's aroused labia surrounded by a wet tangle of black
hair. Laura slowly pressed the side of her panty-covered face lightly
against the Goth's dark musky pussy.

   "Here.  You don't seem to be doing a very good job Princess, let me help
you." Black boots grabbed two handfuls of Laura's silken blonde hair from
the leg holes of the panties that covered her head and proceeded to grind
her wet pussy against the tear streaked face of her newly acquired panty
slave.

   Much to Laura's dismay, Black Boot's pussy seemed to be getting wetter
and wetter instead of dryer and dryer.  Laura's panty-covered nose, cheeks,
and mouth were rubbed repeatedly over every square inch of the Goth's
increasingly wet pussy.

   "Ohhh . . .  Ohhh . . .  you sweet lezzie.  Yeah, I'm fucking your face
now my pink-pumped panty slut," moaned a breathless Goth.

   "Lay back bitch.  Lay back so I can fuck you proper!" the cruel Goth
said as she sat astride the toilet seat while holding Laura's head
underneath her.  If Laura relaxed her neck at all, she would end up with
her head in the toilet water.

   "Oh Fuck that feels good!  You're my toilet bitch now ain't you Princess
Potty?"

   " Ugh!  Nod your head you lezzie fuck-slut!"

   Laura nodded her head quickly.  Anything to please this cruel bitch. 
Laura was in a most uncomfortable position and she could feel her neck
weaken with every second.

   Laura did the only thing she could, she moved her head from side to side
and up and down to quickly bring off her cruel tormentor before her head
inevitably fell into the filthy water below.  Laura Lee could scarcely
breathe, her every breath was full of the odor and secretions from this
merciless bitch's pussy.

   "That's my girl.  Ahhhh," the Goth moaned.  "Oh yeah!  Fuck me with your
face.   That's it."

   You're gonna make me cum princess"

   Fuck that pussy!  Fuck it slut!  I want to hear you sucking my pussy
through those panties bitch or so help me I'll wash that pretty blonde hair
of yours in the toilet."

   "Shlurp!  Shllluuuuurrrrpp!" Laura frantically began sucking on the
Goth's pussy through the weave of the black silk panties. 
"Shhhhlllluuuuurrrrpp!"

   "That's it!  That's my girl!" the Goth encouraged her personal pussy
lapper.

   Shlluurrrp

   "Suck it!  Suck it all up!  I'm cumming.  Motherfuck!  I'm cumming!"

   Shhhlllluuuuurrrrpp

   "Oh God!  Oh FUCK!  Suck my cum baby.  Drink it all down!"

   Shllluurrrp

   Shlurp

   "Oh Fuck!  Oh Fuck!  Oh yeahhhh!" the Goth climaxed and reached her
hands down and cradled Laura's face gently against her pussy.

   Laura reached a hand down and fucked herself openly as the Goth girl
slowly ground her pussy lovingly on the blonde's face.

   After the Goth came, she dried herself on Laura's hair, since it was the
only dry thing on the poor girl.  Then she humiliated her further by
turning around and running Laura's panty-covered nose between her ass
cheeks to gather the excess moisture that had accumulated there.

   Laura didn't even notice, she was too busy cumming again as she licked
and sucked the Goth's juices from the panties that covered her head.

   Shhhlluuurp

   "Keep the panties my pink-pumped-princess-panty-sniffer, you've earned
them" the Goth girl laughed as she petted Laura's head.

   Laura climaxed on the floor as she fucked her pussy with her fingers,
while she hungrily sucked on the fabric of the Goth's black panties.

   Shlurp

   The Goth girl tugged her clothes back into place and took one final
picture of Laura's depravity for good measure, before leaving.

   Click

   Laura became aware of her surroundings as her orgasm subsided.  The
smell and taste of her tormentor threatened to overcome her senses.

   'What am I turning into?' she wondered.

   Laura cried as she got off the floor and made her way to the mirror to
see what kind of damage had been done.  She was a horrid mess, clothes
wrinkled, mascara running, body sweaty, and matted hair raggedly sticking
out to each side of her head.  Laura looked at her small breasts and winced
inwardly as she recalled the Goth's words about how she looked like a boy.
Then she looked down at the pink lips of her pussy as she spread her labia.
'Yes, I do have a pretty pussy, don't I?' Laura began to gush again
recalling the Goth's words.  'You should be proud of your juicy little
quim.' Laura shuddered.

   Laura washed her face and her sex as best she could with paper towels.
Her pussy was so swollen and sensitive she could only gently blot it dry.
'A cunt that was made to be fucked' Laura thought as she spread her nether
lips to admire her pretty little pussy in the mirror.

   'What am I doing?  Someone could walk in at any minute!' Laura thought,
as she tore her hand away from her crotch.  She picked up her panties and
rinsed them out under the running water to clean them.  When she tried to
put them on, she was horrified to discover that the panties were stretched
so badly, they wouldn't stay up on her hips.  Also, it seemed that Goddess
Goth had kept her bra as a souvenir.

   'The bitch!'

   Laura put on her wrinkled miniskirt and shirt, then tried to get her
nipples to lay down, but her efforts just seemed to make them harder. 
Finally, she placed both pair of soiled panties in her purse and left the
bathroom.  She prayed she wouldn't see anyone she knew.

   'I have to be careful not to expose myself with only this mini and tight
shirt covering my body,' Laura thought.  The poor girl had never felt this
naked in her entire life as when she walked out of the restroom.

   Her hard nipples were clearly visible through her tight white shirt. 
Kept hard by the thoughts of the sex she could still smell and the too
loose book bag that spanked her ass with every step.

   Slap...slap...slap...slap...

   "I deserve to be punished for my sins," whispered Laura. 




The Smell of Sex Part 3

   by Couture

   Please do not read if under 18 years of age or might be offended by
sexually explicit stories and situations.  (c)2001 by Couture





   Whamm!

   Laura was in such a hurry to leave the General Classroom building unseen
that she collided with someone in the hall.  She looked down at the middle
aged lady on the floor, lying face down in a pile of scattered papers.

   Laura sat there staring up the woman's dress at her stocking and
panties.

   'Oh no!  It's Dr.  Adams,' Laura thought, as she recognized the sharp
features of the woman as she turned around.  It was bad enough that Laura
had crashed into one of the strictest teachers on campus, but to make
matters even worse, Laura had skipped Dr.  Adams class while she was in the
bathroom with 'Black Boots'.

   "Oh...  My papers!  Laura, don't just stand there gawking girl, pick
them up!" Dr.  Adams demanded, as she started to stand up, gesturing at the
papers that were scattered about on the floor.

   Quickly, Laura turned, bent down and began picking up the pile of
papers. As she did, she gave Dr.  Adams a wonderful view of her wet gaping
sex.  Her braless nipples were clearly visible underneath her thin white
shirt..

   An astounded Dr.  Adams looked on with amazement.  Here was Laura, the
most professional student in all her classes, with no underwear on, freely
exposing her apparently recently used sex to all the world.

   Seeing this Doctor Adams ordered, "Laura!  We need to talk.  Please step
into my office, right now and then have a seat!"

   Dr.  Adams held the door open for the reluctant, bedraggled girl.

   Laura knew this wasn't going to end well, but she had no choice; she
followed the directions and sat demurely waiting for a stern lecture from
her professor.

   "Laura, you've always been a good student of mine.  Frankly, however, as
a teacher and a feminist, I am a very disturbed about several things I'm
noticing about you today.  Trust me, if I had caught any of my other
students in a similar situation, I would have them expelled immediately. 
But because of your previous accomplishments, I'm going to let you attempt
to give me a reasonable explanation of this behavior."

   "Now, why are you not wearing underwear?  And why is your obviously
recently-used vagina so swollen and wet?  And why did you choose to miss my
class for these deviant activities?"

   'This is worse than I thought,' Laura thought, panicking.  'She has
spotted everything.  I can't tell her about what happened in the bathroom
or I will be expelled.  So I better try to make up a good lie.'

   "Well ah...  Dr.  Adams, uh...  I've been having some feminine problems
see.  Um...  so my doctor has ordered me not wear any underwear for the
next couple of weeks.  Er, she said my, ah, mucous membranes were inflamed
and producing...  extra s-s-secretions.  "

   "She said my vagina needs to, um, ah, air out, to relieve my, er,
condition.  I tried to wear p-p-panties to your class anyway, but I had
such irritations, that I had to spend an extra long time in the bathroom. I
was in such distress that I just *had* to take them off and go back to the
dorm. That's why I was in such a hurry when I bumped into you in the hall.
See..."

   Laura opened her bag to show Dr.  Adams Monique's panties that she had
worn and removed, as if this proved her story.

   However, Dr.  Adam's keen, bespectacled eyes saw not one, but two pairs
of panties.

   Dr Adams thought to herself, 'I thought I was going to have to get her
expelled for letting one of our male students convince her into forgoing
her education and setting back the women's movement.  But this!  This is a
very interesting situation.' Dr Adams pondered over her student, and
wondered how she could take advantage of this situation.

   "Laura, get over here and sit down on my desk.  I'm not sure I believe
you," Dr.  Adams said, as she patted a clear spot at the front of her
glass-topped wooden desk.

   'Oh, no!  What is this old bitch up to?' wondered Laura as she placed
both her hands on the desk and proceeded to lift herself up to sit on top
as ordered.

   In the meantime, the older woman grabbed the hem of the young girl's
pink miniskirt and pulled it up to her waist as soon as the little beauty
lifted her feet off the ground.

   A shocked Laura struggled to pull her skirt back down, but her ass clung
to the slick surface of the glass making the task impossible without
standing back up.  Then her professor proceeded to raise Laura's tight
shirt over her small breasts.

   "Wait.  Stop!  What are you doing?" Laura cried, as she struggled with
Dr.  Adam's strong hands.

   "Get those hands down girl!" Dr.  Adams said as she smacked Laura's
hands away from her chest.  "There's no need to be afraid Laura, I'm a
woman too, and I've seen what you have hundreds of times."

   This assurance relieved Laura's anxiety, but not her embarrassment.  She
could feel her nipples crinkle as they hardened under her teacher's
watchful gaze.

   Dr.  Adams looked down at the blonde condescendingly.  "As a matter of
fact Laura, I've seen much bigger and more developed breasts than you have
anyway.  Why, you are positively tiny!" she said as she lightly patted the
girl's breasts making them jiggle.

   "Humph.  Little girl, you sit here telling me some concoction of yours
about not wearing panties because your vagina is abnormally wet.  Ha!  I
may be getting old, but I didn't just fall off the turnip wagon, girl!"

   "So you must realize that I can't very well believe every story that I'm
told without seeing some sort of evidence.  So unless you happen to have a
doctor's note with you, I'm afraid I must see this *condition* of yours for
myself."

   Laura knew she didn't have a doctor's note, nor could she get one.  So
she was going to have to tolerate this crazy woman's manipulations, at
least for now.

   Then Dr Adams rounded her desk, walked to the door of the office and
locked it.  As she did Laura could see the outline of Dr Adams's french-cut
panties through her skirt.  This sight and her imagination of this dominant
older woman, clad in only garters and panties, caused Laura's sex to begin
to drip once again.

   She could only sit there and wait patiently with her legs crossed as
tightly together as she could keep them, while her hands cupped her small
breasts.

   'Oh no!  Not again,' Laura thought.  She was horrified that she could
feel her wetness flowing onto the glass surface of the desktop below her,
as she once again felt her lust for panties.

   Dr.  Adams struggled to keep her expression neutral as she turned around
to regard the beautiful, half-naked, blushing blonde perched obediently on
her desk.

   "Young lady, now I'm going to have to look at you to be sure you are
telling me the truth.  So follow my instructions to the letter, okay?"

   "Yes Ma'am." replied Laura.

   "Very good.  Now I want you to lean back and grab the other edge of the
desk with both of your hands."

   Laura let go of her breasts and leaned backwards grabbing the desk as
instructed.  She looked down at the effect this was having on her exposed
breasts.

   It caused her orbs to get pulled back and lifted up, making her appear
as flat chested as an elementary schoolgirl.  After seeing her like this,
she was sure Dr.  Adams would never see her as a grown woman again.  She'd
always just be a little flat-chested girl from now on.

   "Good girl.  Now don't blush so.  Sure your chest is not as well
developed as the other girls, but your small breasts are still attractive
...  to some...  in a way.  Ha, ha!  I hear some people are attracted to
mosquito bites!"

   Laura wanted to crawl under a rock.  She had always been ashamed of her
cup size, but was able to hide it with push-up bras and a little padding.
Yet, today, her tiny girl-sized orbs had been exposed to criticism of not
one, but two separate women.  Her blush reddened deeper and moved down to
her bare breasts as a throb of pleasure stabbed through her sex.

   'Why does it turn me on so, when another women makes fun of me?' Laura
wondered.

   "Now, I want you to keep your feet together, and then bring your legs up
and rest your heels on the front edge of the desk."

   An amused Dr.  Adams watched Laura struggle to assume the required
crab-like position.  All the while the older woman felt her own sex grow
wetter.

   As Laura leaned back on her arms, struggling to keep her knees together
and pointing straight up, Dr.  Adams moved closer.

   "That's a good girl.  Now spread your knees," the older woman now
ordered, placing her cold palms on both of Laura's knees.

   Keeping her eyes tightly shut as tears threatened to fall, Laura slowly
spread her legs slightly open.

   "Tsk, tsk.  Here let me help," Dr.  Adams said, as she grabbed the
wavering knees tightly and proceeded to force them down to each side of the
desk, displaying every crevice of Laura's very aroused privates to the gaze
of her lecherous teacher.  Even better, the young girl's delicious pussy
was framed above her cute pink pumps.

   "Now if you don't keep your legs where they are, I will become very
cross with you, young lady. Nod if you understand me, Laura."

   Laura nodded her head, trying to keep her supple legs split wide in this
excruciatingly uncomfortable position.  She was very limber, but the tendon
between her legs bulged out as it was stretched tautly to the max.

   "Now let me see if you were telling the truth," Dr.  Adams observed, as
first she gently rubbed Laura's flattened breasts and then Laura's dripping
sex.

   After feeling her copious discharge, Laura knew the old bag must think
she was some sort of slut.

   "Oh dear me.  Maybe you were telling the truth.  You must feel
terrible," Dr.  Adams said, as she wiped the secretions from her hands on
Laura's small breasts.  "But I'm afraid your doctor was wrong.  Going all
bare down here is not going to be enough dear.  You are positively dripping
like a faucet!"

   "I tell you what, you will come to my office, every day after class,
until we get this cleared up dear.  Don't worry, we will find some way to
dry you before this becomes a chronic condition."

   'Damn, I'm going to have to subject myself to this old bitch for at
least a week.  Why have I suddenly lost control over myself and my life,'
wondered a dejected Laura.  She was barely relieved the professor had
believed her.  'Damn it!  Why couldn't I have come up with a better lie?'

   "Don't you worry little girl, Dr.  Adams is going to make you feel *all
better*." The older woman, walked around Laura, drinking in the young
girl's intoxicating beauty.

   Poor Laura wanted to crawl in a hole and die, she was humiliated as she
displayed herself to her professor's intimate gaze.  She tried to turn her
head to the left and look away, but on the desk beside her was a picture of
Gloria Steinem.  It was inscribed, To Patricia Adams, Be Proud - Gloria.

   'Be Proud...easy for you to say bitch.  You're not the one spread apart,
aroused and dripping wet on your professor's desk.' Laura thought looking
away from the picture and back up at Dr. Adams, who was setting up a fan on
the desk.

   Dr.  Adam's turned the fan on and aimed it at Laura's dripping sex. 
"Here we go Laura, this should evaporate those nasty juices.  "

   Laura was relieved to feel the cool breeze of the fan drying the
moisture that running down her legs.  Her nipples had hardened to painful
tiny points, due to the chill in the room.  Her respite was brief, as she
noticed that the sensation of the fans oscillations had brought the
pleasure in her pussy up to a low boil.  'Please don't let her notice,'
Laura thought as she felt her chest begin to flush.

   However, Dr.  Adams did notice.  She was peering through the glasses at
the end of her nose, down into Laura's wet folds as juices began leaking
out in greater quantity.  She walked around the desk until she came to
Laura's head, then she told her humiliated student.  "Laura, I'm afraid
your lips are getting in the way of the fans breeze.  I don't relish the
thought of touching you down there, but I'm afraid it is necessary."

   'Touch me?  Oh God, what does she mean?' thought the horrified young
girl.

   "I want you to hold your knees up like so." Dr.  Adams said as she
helped Laura bring her knees up and hug them tightly to her chest, pink
pumps pointing up into the air.

   Dr.  Adams spun Laura around so that she was positioned diagonally on
the desk with the fan now blowing directly into her cunt.  "Very good
Laura. Now, I'm going to reach over you so be sure you don't hit me with
your shoes." The older woman leaned over Laura's splayed legs observing her
handiwork.  Laura's pussy was spread out and up, her wispy hair blowing and
her cute little ass clenching as she was teased by the fans breeze.

   "Ok Laura, I don't feel comfortable touching you down there, since
whatever you have might be catching, so I'm afraid I'm going to have to
grasp you by the short-hairs so to speak." Dr.  Adams leaned forward and
grasped the curly hairs on either side of Laura's sex, then pulled outward,
spreading her pussy lips wide.

   "Ouch!" Laura cried as she felt her pubic hair being cruelly pulled. 
"Ugh...Oh" she groaned as the fans breeze blew directly into her cunt. 
'Goddamn that feels good!  Oh please don't go, please don't go.' she
thought as the fans oscillation sent its pleasurable breeze elsewhere.

   "Oh the sacrifices I make for my students." Dr.  Adams said, catching
herself as she almost laughed at her own sarcasm.  "Is this hurting you
Laura?" she asked the groaning girl.

   "It feels OH!!!" she gasped as the breeze blew into her open pussy
again. "...kay ma'am"

   "Ouch, leaning over you like this is hurting my back Laura," Dr.  Adams
said as she brought her knee up and placed it by Laura's head.  "There,
that's much better," she sighed.

   Much to Laura's dismay, her teacher's actions had now trapped her head
under the older woman's satin lace panties.  Laura could smell the musky
smell of her professor's sex..  'Oh God, could she be wet?' she thought as
she thought she noticed the tell-tell traces of darkness on the panties.

   Dr.  Adams was in heaven.  She had her best student underneath her
pussy, while she enjoyed the wet smacking sounds the girls pussy made, when
she opened and closed it repeatedly by her short hairs.  Dr.  Adams
snickered as she watched Laura's pink pumps dancing in the air, with every
delicious smack of her nether lips.  The vibrations of Laura's moans and
the blonde's nose pushing through her panties and into her sex felt
exquisite.

   Laura was brought to edge of orgasm several times.  She couldn't imagine
how her cunt must look to her teacher as she opened and closed it in front
of the fan.  Judging by the wet sounds and the juices she felt running down
her ass crack, Laura was sure she was leaking more instead of less.  She
only knew that the pussy her nose was buried in smelled *so good*.

   However, nothing last forever and when her professor stood up removing
her hands from Laura's sex, she thrust her hips up desperate for additional
stimulation.  Laura looked up hopefully at her professor, but the she saw
nothing but cold disdain in the older woman's eyes.

   'Please oh please let me cum!' thought a very humiliated Laura as she
rolled over onto her side, hugging her knees tightly to prevent her hips
from thrusting.  However, this brought her face to face with the Steinem
picture once again.  *Be Proud*.  'How can I be proud when my teacher is
trying to help me and all I can think about is smelling her pussy and
cumming?' she thought as tears threatened to fall.

   The professor walked around her curled up student, until she came to the
foot of the desk.  She observed Laura's leaking sex and dipped her finger
onto the glass-topped desk and winced as she picked up a finger full of
Laura's secretions.

   "Oh my!  This won't do!  Won't do at all.  We are going to have to come
up with some way to dry these juices spilling out of your vagina, young
lady, before the contents of my desk is ruined by your discharge."

   "Come on girl!  Get yourself together and get down off my desk right
now. Why you've made a mess of it, leaving tracks like a snail."

   Laura got down from the desk, blushing as she looked at the streaks she
had left, while trying to stand on shaky legs.

   "Good girl.  Now take off your skirt and shirt, and then sit down over
there, in that wooden chair." Dr Adams pointed to the small wooden chair in
front of her desk.

   Laura turned her back to the teacher and coyly stripped off her clothes
and placed them on top of the desk.  Then with her right arm over her
breasts and her left hand cupping her sex, she sat down in the chair.

   "That's a dear, now place each of your knees behind the arms of the
chair."

   Laura tried to think of some way to follow her teacher's instructions
without displaying herself, but she was clueless.  She blushed thinking how
she would look to her teacher.  'Too late now anyway, she's seen everything
I have to offer.  *Be proud*...' she thought.  'Ha!'

   "I'm sorry, dearie, I know this is terribly embarrassing for you, but
I'm a woman too.  And after all, it is for your own good," Dr.  Adams
soothed the tense girl.

   Laura choked on her tears as she placed each of her legs over the arms
of the chair.  'What a slut I must look like,' the poor blonde thought as
she attempted to cover her gaping wet cunt.

   "Come, come.  Now Laura, don't be silly; lower your hands and grab the
back chair legs so we can do something about your condition."

   Laura was about to die of embarrassment, but she complied with her
professor's orders.  There was no way to hide anything from this stern
woman anyway.

   Dr.  Adams once again directed the fan's breeze toward Laura's
spread-open, dripping sex.

   "Well, in the chair you won't ruin my desk," Dr.  Adams said, as she
squinched her face in disgust as she glanced at the clear fluid left by
Laura's sex on the glass table.  The older woman wiped it up with her hand
and smeared it on Laura's tiny orbs.  Then she sat down on the front of the
desk, directly in front of Laura's spread legs.

   All the while she watched the teasing effects the fan's breeze was
having on her breathless student.  Dr.  Adam's own skirt had pulled up as
she sat down, giving Laura tantalizing glimpses of her teacher's stockings
and lacy panties.

   Dr.  Adams thought, 'Soon, very soon, I will have the spoiled brat right
where I want her, but I will have to go slowly and not scare the little
rabbit away.  Can't have her blabbing her mouth about all this and lose my
job,'

   The cold breeze was keeping Laura in a state of constant excitement. 
Oh, how she longed to touch, or have someone touch her clit.  From her
pained position, she looked up and could see under her professor's dress
and between her slightly spread legs; she could then see the older woman's
panties and stockings.  'PANTIES ...  mmmmmm...PLEASE ...  please just
another sniff,' she thought.

   "Well, now it's time to try to get at that moisture hiding down deep
inside..  Be a dear and reach down there and spread your labia for me.  I
have an idea little girl."

   Laura couldn't believe she was doing this, but she pinched her
nether-lips between her fingers and spread them apart, displaying herself
like a common whore.

   Then Dr.  Adams brought her right foot up and placed it on the left side
of Laura's pubes.  Keeping her foot there, she brought up her left foot and
placed it on the other side.  Then she pushed in and together causing
moisture from Laura's pretty peach to gush forth from the spread-open
depths of the young girl's gaping tender pussy.

   Laura gasped and dug her fingers tightly into her labia to keep from
masturbating herself openly in front of the stern gaze of her professor.

   To make matters worse Dr.  Adam's caught her, while she was staring at
her teacher's panties, through her slightly spread thighs..

   Dr.  Adams looked at her as if she was some sort of pervert, then
repeated the procedure several more times until Laura willingly pushed her
sex forward to meet the soles of the older woman's shoes.  Dr.  Adams even
went so far as to miss and 'accidentally' stick the tip of her shoe past
the sparse blonde hairs and into the young girl's aroused cunt.

   "Ahhhh..." Laura moaned loudly, thrusting her hips up to meet the
invading shoe, as she felt her body hanging on the edge of another climax.

   Dr.  Adams gleefully watched the blonde wiggle around on the tip of her
shoe, until the poor girl was tossing her head from side to side, as she
neared an orgasm.  Then she removed her feet from tormented girl's pussy
and said, "Well, I think That's about as dry as we can get you today honey.
Get your clothes back on now dear, and be sure to come by tomorrow, young
lady."

   "Come on girl ...  you can let go of your pussy now." Dr Adams said
looking down with displeasure.

   Laura was extremely embarrassed.  There is no good way to go from
holding open your labia and moaning like a slut.  while your teacher forced
secretions from your sex with her shoes, back to being a professional
student.  'I've already used up what little *pride* I had left with Dr. 
Adams, just let me go back to my dorm, where they don't think I'm a slut!'
She thought as she slipped on her skirt and shirt.

   "And don't forget!  DO NOT to wear any underwear tomorrow and be sure to
put on a loose skirt - for ventilation, at least until your condition
clears up," Dr.  Adams said, smiling.

   Laura tried to straighten up as best she could.  Her legs could barely
support her weight after being in those horrible positions and teased
mercilessly.  She had tried not to stare up her professor's dress, but she
was sure she had been caught looking several times.

   Worse, she kept imagining herself on her knees, with her face pressed up
the old bitch's dress, smelling her lacy panties.

   'I don't know how many days of this torture I'll be able to stand,'
Laura thought as she fumbled with the door lock and left quickly before the
horrible lady came up with some new way to embarrass her further.

   Dr.  Adams locked the door behind Laura and sat down.  Her right hand
was busily working underneath her skirt, while her left was massaging her
breasts.  She bent her head down, stuck out her tongue and tasted the
nectar Laura left behind on her desk.  'Ahhh....I've been wanting to taste
you for so long ...  my sweet little girl.' Dr.  Adams thought, savoring
Laura's flavor.  It took her a while to cum - it always did, but after an
hour she trembled under the effects of a massive climax.

   'Oh, this is coming along very nicely.  I've never had such a pretty
little girl as this.  I'm sure I could have had her today, but I'm going to
tease that compliant slut so much, she'll be *begging* to get underneath my
desk and service my pussy for hours on end,' Dr.  Adams plotted, as she
came down from her climax.




The Smell of Sex Part 4

   by Couture

   FF, panty, humil, bd, inter

   Please do not read if under 18 years of age or might be offended by
sexually explicit stories and situations.  (c)2001 by Couture



   Laura hurried back to her dorm as best she could.  The infernal fan had
dried her slick secretions on the outside of her sex, but as soon as she
remembered her pussy gushing from between Dr.  Adams feet, she quickly
became even wetter than before.  As she walked, she could feel her juices
run down her thighs and cling to the back of her skirt.

   The effects of the fan blowing on her sex had left her ...  if
anything....sexually much more sensitive.  On top of that, Laura felt
incredibly naked, as she walked from the campus back to her dorm.  Laura
wanted desperately to cross her arms over her chest to cover her hard
nipples on this windy and chilly March day.  However, she had to hold the
hem of her skirt down to keep it from blowing up, displaying her aroused
sex to the other students.

   Poor Laura didn't even want to think of the other students.  Boys and
girls alike stared at her tiny hard nipples, sticking proudly out like
little headlights.  Worse was the pointing, the smiles, and the giggles,
that humiliated Laura, but at the same time fanned the flames of her
desire.

   Laura, looked down at the ground and walked as fast as she could without
drawing further attention to herself.  Her swollen nipples were so hard
they hurt and every time they slipped against the fabric of her shirt it
sent jabs of pleasure to her clit.  Her wet sex was driving her crazy as
well.  She could feel her drenched labia as they slid against each other
with every step.  The sticky juices were drying as they ran down each of
her legs, making it necessary to walk slightly bowlegged.  It felt as
though the very currents of the air caressed her distended clit.  She
almost collapsed into an orgasm, when the little organ occasionally touched
the fabric of her miniskirt.

   'I can't wait to get back to my room!  Mmmmmm....I'll rub myself off the
rest of the day,' Laura thought, but her heart dropped from disappointment,
when she opened the door and found her dorm occupied.  "Damn, the bitch is
in!" she muttered under her breath.

   However, when she saw her roommate, she stood and stared open mouthed at
the sight in front of her.  Monique was facing away from Laura, standing
stretched out on a chair, reaching up to hang a poster on the wall.  But
what really caught Laura's eye was that the young black girl's bubble
shaped ass, covered only by a thin pair of stretch white cotton panties. 
The panties were slightly wedged between the two muscular ass cheeks and
she could almost make out her roommate's dark crack peeking through the
knit of the cotton.

   "Thank goodness you are back Laura, I really need an extra set of hands.
Come over here and help hold the bottom of the poster down.  " Monique
asked her staring roommate.

   Laura dropped her book bag and with her eyes never leaving the black
girls ass, held the left side of the poster.  She tried to keep herself and
as far away from Monique's panties as possible, because she didn't trust
that she could control these strange urges plaguing her today.

   However, just as soon as Laura pressed the left corner of the poster
against the wall, the opposite corner came loose and rolled up.

   "OHH ..  Could you get the other side too Laura." asked Monique.

   Laura reached around Monique and held both sides of the poster against
the wall.  This brought Laura's face just underneath her roommate's bubble
shaped black bottom.  She tried not to look up, but soon found she couldn't
resist.  She stared at the muscles moving in Monique's ass as the dark girl
shifted from side to side on the chair.  Laura could make out the outline
of her mons and the stray kinky black hairs peeking out from the side of
the crotch.

   When Monique leaned forward, pressing her body against the poster,
Laura's head was filled with crazy thoughts of smelling her roommate's
panties.  'If she moves back and contacts my nose, then technically it
would be her fault not mine,' rationalized Laura as she moved her head just
behind Monique's ass.

   Shortly thereafter, Monique leaned back and brought her plump bottom
right on top of Laura's pert nose.  Much to Laura's surprise and delight,
Monique didn't jerk away from the physical contact.  Instead, she kept
working on the poster, while rubbing her bottom all over the blonde's face.


   Laura inhaled the musky scent from the panties and sex beneath, and soon
she began to smell her own sex again as well.  Laura became so spell-bound,
she forgot where she was.  She imagined she was with Goddess Goth and
started rubbing her face over Monique's ass and even between her spread
legs, all the while inhaling the dark musky scent of sex through the white
panties.

   "Well Laura you nasty Lez you, it does feel good knowing that after
years of slavery and discrimination, a rich white bitch like you is
sniffing my black ass.  But girlfriend, you got to get your face outta my
ass, cuz you and me got some things to talk about...like what the fuck do
you think you are doing?  And what did your perv ass do to my panties this
morning." demanded Monique, coming down off the chair as Laura fled to her
bed.  "I left them right here and now they are gone.  Should I tell the RA
that you stole 'em pervie?"

   The course of the day had already put the poor blonde on the edge, this
last confrontation caused her to break down sobbing.  "I'm sorry
Monique...I'm sorry...it was an (sniff) accident...please (sniff) don't
tell....p-p-please don't t-t-tell.." Laura opened her purse and offered the
wet stretched out panties to their owner.  As she withdrew the one pair,
the second pair of black panties fell on the floor.  At the sight of this
Laura flung herself face down on her bed, and began bawling into her
pillow.

   Sensing victory, Monique sat down at the head of Laura's bed spreading
her legs around the sobbing girls head.  "There...There Laurie lez.  I
didnt' mean to make you cry.  I'm just very disappointed in you is all."

   "I thought a good white girl like you wouldn't be caught dead sniffing
my beautiful black ass like some sort of lezzie slut" Monique petted the
distraught blondes wet hair and then placed Laura's head up into her spread
lap.  "I always knew from the way try to out-do me, the way you look at me
like you was trying to undress me with your eyes or somethin', and then
trying to mess with my boyfriend....it just wasn't natural girl.  Somethin
was up."

   "Then my brain started clickin'...and it hit me.  You didn't want to
out-do me, you wanted me...in *part-ic-ular* what you wanted was *in* my
panties.  I mean why else would you think my man would be interested in
your no-tit no-ass self."

   "I know you think I'm a stupid black girl, cuz you make better grades on
your tests than me.  But see, where you are all book sense, I gots common
sense." Monique said, tapping the side of her head.  "So I decided to test
your white ass."

   "You remember that pair of panties on the floor this mornin?  Well, they
was my little test.  See, I made sure to get them nice and smelly for you.
First, I went joggin in them bitches...then when I came back I rubbed
myself off, while I was wearin them, till I came like a mug.  Ha Ha...I
pointed that there video camera at them and left them on the flo' for you.

   "I know that seems kind of mean, but you've been such a bitch to me, I
had to do something.  Let me direct your attention to exhibit A, this here
video tape shows my dyke-ass room-mate stickin her snooty nose in my nasty
panties and friggin her pussy half to death."

   "I think my fave-rite part...is the very end when you put them stinky
bitches on like they was some sort of treasure.  Hee Hee, I bet your ass
smelled *real* good today for all your high and mighty friends."

   "Then tonight, when I asked you to hold the poster for me.  Why you plum
rubbed your stuck up face all over my black ass, like you wanted by be my
little lezzie ass hoe.  Now didn't ya, you little lezzie slut?"" Monique
said stroking the crying girls hair.

   Laura lay crying into the dark girls lap, the urge to stick her nose in
the musky panties so near her face was very strong, but she resisted and
turned over to face Monique, instead staring at the black breasts hanging
inches from her face.  She enviously looked at her large nipples visible
through the thin cotton.

   "I'm sorry Monique, I don't know what has gotten into me lately.  After
this weird dream I had this morning I have found the smell of panties
irresistible.  I know what I did today was horrible, yet I just HAD TO
masturbate when I smelled your panties.  I couldn't control myself, but I'm
not a lesbian, I like boys.  I was in a rush and put on your panties by
accident, I didn't steal them.  They were too tight and I went to the
bathroom at school where a Goth girl tried to help me and I smelled her
panties too and then I came again.  The panties got stretched out and I had
to take them off.  Then my teacher caught me with no panties on.  I lied to
her and told her I had a medical condition and she expects me not to wear
panties again for several weeks.  I don't know what is wrong with me, but
I'm not a lesbian, I'm not a lesbian....please help me, I'm not a lesbian"
Laura blubbered.  "I've just developed this obsession for panties today."

   "Laura Lez, I think you a stuck up, spoiled-assed, under-developed
lezzie who can't help but want my beautiful black body.  I mean look at me,
then look at you...Damn I know I look goooood girl, but you suffer from
no-ass-at-all and no-tits-at-all.  I tell you what though....  I'm willing
to give ya the benefit of the doubt."

   "See, I've read in my psych books that sometimes people get what's
called an 'acute fetish'.  You know, folks like sissy cross dressers are
like that.  They can live their lives like normal folks and then all of a
sudden they get the dumbass notion to wear women's clothing and turn into
perves."

   "According to my books the only treatment can to cure these pervs is to
make them get used to that shit..."

   "I think they call it de-cent-sit-ti-za-shun.  "

   "Anyway girlfriend, they are made to wear extremely sexy women's
clothing all day.  They have ta' walk in 5 inch heels and wear them
tight-ass corsets all the time.  They find out what they like in their
fantasies, is much different than the real world, cuz wearin dem clothes
all da time is a pain in the ass."

   "Girl, what we gotta do is negative reinforce your ass, just like that.
But you gotta be willing to give it a shot, ok?  You gotta do exactly as I
say.  Keep in mind, I might say some pretty awful things or make you do
things that you don't like, but it is all for your own good.  Understand?"

   "So I got one question to ask you girl..."

   "Are you gonna do what I say?"

   Laura couldn't believe how lucky she was.  She had never in her life
imagined how kind people could be, when confronted by a disgusting sexual
deviant...like herself.  Monique is right.  I'm not a lesbian, I've got an
acute panty fetish, and the girl has good intentions, even if she was a
little dim-witted.  Laura's troubles appeared not so bad for the first time
today.  She started crying, as she was overcome with emotion from her dorm
mate's kindness.

   "Thank you.  Thank you Monique, I'll try to do anything you say..."

   Laura, sobbed as she hugged Monique's waist, but all the while the musky
smell of sex from the dark thighs was overpowering.

   "First of all, lets get deze nasty clothes off of your ass." then
Monique started stripping a compliant Laura of her clothes.  Shortly, Laura
was standing naked save for her pink pumps and blushing prettily in the
center of the dorm room.

   Laura tried to cover herself with her hands as best she could, looking
down at Monique's feet and occasionally sneeking sly peeks at her panties.

   "Now...now...It's okay to look at my panties if ya wants too Laura. 
That's how we gonna get you de-sens-it-tized, to overcome your lezzie love
of my panties.  So for the rest of the day, I'm going to walk around in my
undies and you gonna clean the room spic and span."

   "Cept, you ain't gonna be able to wear clothes, cuz I gots to see if you
react and get all wet for my beautiful black body.  If you can't help
yourself from doing something pervie, then you gotta tell me so I can
record it on tape.  Then we gonna start a treatment journal and you gonna
write down how many times you think or do nasty things during the day."

   It was humiliating trying to do anything under the watchful gaze of the
young black girl.  Laura was used to looking down her nose at the inferior
loser, but now she could swear she was the one being looked down upon.

   "You did a nice job organizing my clothes, now go get a sponge and put
some hot soapy water in the sink and clean yo nasty ho' juice off my nice
clean floor." ordered Monique, who sat watching TV, absently rubbing her
cotton underwear between her fingers.

   Watching the scantily dressed black girl and following her orders naked
had left Laura in a constant state of arousal.  She was humiliated thinking
of what a perv she must look like as she mopped the floor on her hands and
knees, with her swollen sex blossoming, and juices from her sex, streaming
down her thighs.

   "You drippin' on my nice clean flo' again bitch.  Do somethin with your
girlie cum!" demanded Monique.

   `I've got to remember she's just treating me bad for my own good,' Laura
told herself as she swallowed her anger.  The poor blonde was naked and
didn't have anything but a nasty sponge in her latex glove covered hands.
She couldn't imagine placing either on her near her sex, so she scanned the
room for an alternative.

   `Ah hah.  I'll sure show her how smart I am,' Laura thought as she sat
down on her pillow, rolling her hips to blot up all the excess moisture
from her sex and thighs.

   "That's *real* smart Laura, given' yourself a little present for later
on tonight I see." sneered Monique.

   Laura, blushed again.  'I didn't think of it like that, this girl is
always two steps ahead of me.' Laura got down on her hands and knees and
started cleaning up the floor again.  By the time she had finished she had
to blot herself on her pillow three more times.

   "Ok pervie, you did an alright job with your chores today.  Relax on
your bed while I do my exercises." Monique started exercising, leaving her
blonde roomate trying to watch TV.  However, the things the black girl was
doing made watching the tv quite impossible.

   Laura looked out of the corner of her eye, watching her dorm mate jump
and bend as the tight white cotton underwear did little to conceal the
shape of the sex beneath.  Monique's beautiful round ass and large breasts
jiggled sexily under the blondes gaze.  Perspiration had made the cotton
transparent, displaying Monique's dark nipples and sex clearly.  The young
blonde was going crazy with lust.

   "I see ya watching pervie.  Come here and get on the floor with me. 
That's right come on.  Crawl closer you little white lezzie.  Come now,
it's alright Laura, I'm not mad.  You did very well today."

   Laura knelt down on the floor in front of Monique, who was still
exercising.  Closely watching the girls panties creep into her sex and she
did lunges.

   "18-19-20...whew...Do you need to masturbate Laurie?" asked Monique
innocently.

   Laura blushed and nodded her head then looked down at the black girl's
sweating sex.  "Then tell me pervie.  You got's to say it ..  You got's to
learn to get over these nasty things."

   Laura blushed, looking directly at the darkening crotch of her
dormmate's thin panties.  'Is that sweat or arousal?' she wondered.

   "NOW!" ordered Monique.

   "I...um...I need to masturbate" whispered Laura.

   "That's it ..  Let it out ..  Louder.  Don't hold it back. ..  Come on
.. .  Tell me you need to finger-fuck your sloppy white cunt."

   "Please...don't make me say that..." begged Laura.  She had been taught
that only sluts and whores used that kind of language.  What scared her the
most, was that even though she felt dirty and degraded when she said those
filthy things, it turned her on as well.T.

   "Fine you must not need to fuck it tonight anyway." said Monique as she
grasped each side of the crotch of her panties and began to lift the up and
tightly press them into her sex.  The moisture grew even more, allowing
Laura to see every fold of the girl's still covered sex.

   Laura tried to be strong, yet the constant teasing and arousal by
Monique and her Dr.  Adams had destroyed her pride.  "Please Monique, I
need to to f-f-finger-fuck my s-(sniff) s-loppy white cunt!" she said as
tears formed in her eyes.  `It is for my own good after all,' she reassured
herself.

   "Better ..  but I still can hardly hear ya ..  Now speak it right out."

   "Monique ..  Please ..  I um ..  I NEED TO FINGERFUCK MY (sniff) SLOPPY
(sniff) WET...CUNT (sniff)"

   "Now don't ya feel *all*..better?  " Monique said petting Laura's head.
"Well, what are you waiting for pervie?  Go on...Do the NASTY!"

   Laura brought her hand down to her sex, then hesitated.  As she looked
up at Monique's watchful eyes, she pleaded, "PLEASE!  I ah..can't ..  um ..
do it while you're watching me." Laura was crying from her frustrations and
needs.

   "Now...now ..  Don't be going back on our deal.  Remember we doing this
for you.  Come on do the nasty"

   " ..  for ME ..  "

   "Here, I'll make it easy for you, cause you did such a fine job doin
your chores." Monique walked over to her desk and brought her desk chair
back in front of the kneeling Laura.  Monique sat down, keeping her sex in
front of Laura's face, as she spread her long black legs.  Next, she placed
her feet on top of Laura's shoulders and applied pressure, pushing the girl
down on all fours directly in front of her pussy.

   Monique now moistened a right index finger in her mouth, moved her hand
beneath her panties stroking her own sex.

   "Now look here ..  See.." Monique said, her finger making wet sounds
inside of her panties, leaving Laura no doubt what her roommate was doing.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about.  Go ahead, my little lezzie ..  It's your
turn.  I done show'd ya mine ..  You show me yours."

   Laura stared at the mouth watering sight in front of her as Monique's
fingers worked inside her panties.  Overcome with lust, Laura reached
underneath and started playing with her aching clit.  Finally, hoping to
end all the teasing and frustrations she had experienced that day, Laura
brought her left hand behind her and fucked two fingers in and out her of
her dripping sex as she stared at the beautiful masturbating black girl in
front of her face.

   Monique started rubbing her feet all over Laura's face and body, before
finally grabbing Laura's head between her feet and then pulling her face
directly into the transparent cotton covering her pussy.

   "That's it.  That's what you need....sniff my panties you dim-witted
bimbo.  Oh yeah...rub your face in my juices.  Play with your tiny tits
little girl.  Wouldn't you love to have tits like a real woman?  shouted
Monique as she tugged on her own nipples underneath her bra.

   An ashamed Laura, nodded her head in the black girls crotch.  'Why do
these panties turn me on so and why does each insult make me wetter and
wetter?', Laura wondered.  She began pulling on her nipples as her roommate
had ordered.

   "Oh God- oh baby..fuck that pervie pussy for yo momma...."

   Laura began to thrust her fingers into her gushing sex.  The white girl
stuck her nose as far into Moniques sex as she could get through the cotton
panties and inhaled the dark girls musky aroma and sweaty secretions.

   Monique was in heaven looking down at the Ice Queen, who had her nose
stuck in her dark pussy while she thrust her fingers into her sex. 
'Hmmmm...well the Ice Queen has melted and she is dripping all over the
place.' Monique laughed to herself, as she looked at the cum dripping down
Laura's thighs.

   "Ugh...ohh..pervie bitch slut..." Monique began to moan as she berated
her roommate.  "ugh...ahh...white ass sniffer...."

   "Oh fuck..brown noser...eeeoowww." Monique gasped, as she climaxed on
Laura's face.

   After Monique's orgasm faded, she frowned down at the masturbating
blonde.  "Enough of that pervie stuff girl.  Enough I said!" The black girl
pulled Laura's hands away from her sex.  "If you were going to have it, you
would have done it already."

   "Please...so close..." moaned Laura, her hips still thrusting in search
of a her now fleeing climax.

   "Maybe we'll let you try again later, but for now I'm hungry and I'm
sure you are too.

   Monique put on a pair of jeans and t-shirt, "Laura, I'm going out to get
us a pizza.  I won't be gone long, but you are to remain naked and you are
not to masturbate until later on.  That includes squeezing your thighs
together, like you are right now pervie."

   Laura's legs stopped mid-squeeze, as she blushed under her room mate's
stern gaze.  Laura couldn't understand why her body seemed to have gotten a
mind of its own.  She did not even realize she was squeezing her thighs
together, but now that she had stopped, she could feel how much her sex
longed for stimulation deep down in her bones.

   "Laura, I got a question for you.  Do you know what all the naked sluts
in a dirty magazines have in common?" Monique asked her roommate, who just
blushed and shook her head.  "Well aside from have big tits, which you will
never have to worry about, they all keep their legs spread.  This keeps
them from doing nasty things like squeezin their nasty pussy between their
thighs.  So slut, for as long as you are in the room, consider this your
photo shoot."

   Monique turned the video camera on and pointed it at Laura.  "Come on
baby, make it sexy now..." she coaxed her roommate.  "lick your lips, while
you look directly into the camera!"

   'God, I must look like such a slut.' Laura thought as she followed
instructions.

   "Ok slut, spread your legs now...  wider...wider" Monique cooed.

   Laura slowly spread her legs, her skin clung together from where her
juices had stuck her thighs together.  She looked down at her wet swollen
sex, her lips parted indecently, `My juicy quim, my whore's cunt' she
thought.

   "Perfect", just like that," Monique told her roommate, who now leaned
back on her elbows, with her legs spread painfully wide.  "Don't blush so
pervie, you look so *sexy* like that.  Come on pervie, I know you like
laying on your back, but it's time to learn how to stand properly."

   Monique then proceeded to instruct her roommate on how to stand
properly, which included propping one foot on something and then spreading
her legs wide or keeping both feet spread apart on the floor with her ass
pushed back.  Soon Laura was modeling as good as any professional.

   "Laura, I'm leaving the video camera on to make sure you follow my
instructions.  Go ahead and record your sex journal for the camera, while
I'm out," Monique said as she closed the door behind herself.

   While Monique was gone, Laura managed do the recording without
masturbating ..  but not without crying and getting incredibly turned on.
Laura tried to find some excuses to walk around the room, so she could rub
her thighs together.  The frustrated girl thought she was being
inconspicuous, but the exaggerated motion of her hips swaying and the
manner in which she placed one foot well to the inside of the other when
she walked left little to the imagination.

   Finally, the room was clean again, then she even managed to get some
home work done.  Although it was difficult, since consciously keeping her
legs 'spread like a slut', made keeping her mind off her wet aroused sex
next to impossible.

   Later, Monique came back and stripped down to her underwear again and
the girls began eating pizza.  Laura was driven to distraction, as she
watched cheese and tomato sauce fall onto the dark girls formerly white
panties.

   Monique took off the panties she had been wearing and while Laura
watched intently, slipped on a negligee.

   "Ok Laura, time for beddie-bye.." she said as she stripped Laura's bed
of all its bed covers.

   "This is so that you don't try to do a sneaky ..  and masturbate without
telling me," she said, answering Laura's unspoken question.

   Laura laid down in the bed, then Monique kissed Laura lightly on the
head making sure she gave her a peek at her large black breasts.

   "Nighty night girl friend.  You've been such a good girlie today, Mommy
is so proud of you for telling the truth and trying hard not to be a
pervie" she said.

   Then she pulled off the panties she had been wearing and stretched them
over Laura's face.  "Now these be your nightie from now on ..  " the black
girl taunted the lusting white.

   Try as she might, Laura couldn't fall asleep.  'What did Monique mean
when she said,'Mommy is so proud of you?' I don't think my mommy would be
very proud if she saw me sleeping naked on the bed with a black girl's
soiled panties over my face.  I think she would be disgusted if she knew
how hot and wet I am, just from the smell her musky pussy.  Oh God, even
the garlic and oregano from the pizza sauce that fell on them is turning me
on.'

   Her new nightie served as a humiliating reminder of all that stood
between sexual deviancy and her old normal life.

   "Monique???"



   "Monique?"

   "Yes, Laura." Monique answered delighted.

   "I can't s-s-sleep.  I need to ahh m-masturbate ..  again."

   "Now that's fine but ..  Say it right."

   There was a long pause.





   "PLEASE Monique!, I'm dying to .......  FINGER FUCK my SMELLY wet CUNT!"


   "Now isn't that better?  OK get off the bed and kneel right here."
Monique said, patting the floor beside her bed.

   "That's it girl, I want you facing my ass.."

   "REMEMBER this, cuz that's how you gonna beat off for us from now on ..
OK??"

   Laura nodded her head, horrified that even the very private act of her
masturbation, was being controlled.

   "Come on baby ..  " Monique assured the kneeling girl.  Rubbing the
girl's hair as she stuck her nose between the cantaloupe shaped globes of
her ass.

   "Go ahead Laura Lezz.  And don't forget to smell my panties while you
play with your tiny titties."

   Monique felt Laura's panty-covered face press deeply into her ass, as
the white girl, shuddered in the dark.

   "This is taking too long, you must not *need* to cum pervie." Monique
chided the small girl.

   "Oh fuck!  I've got to hurry!' thought Laura, as she arched her back as
she began fingering herself with a vengeance.  Laura could smell the earthy
scent of Monique's ass as she buried her nose in the crack and inhaled.

   "Oh yeah...oh fuck....my juicy quim...ahhh goddamn slut pussy ...mmmmm
...panties ...  oh..  oh..  oh..  ahhhhh" Laura cried as she climaxed.

   Then Monique saw Laura's movements stop, she ordered, "Good job, my
little lezzie *brown- noser* ..  Now go back to your bed."

   As the exhausted white coed climbed into bed, Monique pushed the button
of the remote and the red light glowed underneath Laura's bed.  'My plan be
coming along much better than I ever imagined.  I've had two of the best
cums in my life watching Laura act on the urges I planted in her
subconscious.  Hell, I didn't even have to blackmail the slut tonight. 
She's been a willing volunteer.' Monique, had been tempted to edit the tape
Laura was listening to, but the blonde was just *so* receptive.  Besides,
it wasn't half as much fun as watching the bimbo fall for her blatant
manipulations ..  and she really didn't mind sharing Laura with the Goth
girl or the professor.

   'Yeah, today's been a good day!' Monique thought as she fell asleep.

   End Part IV




The Smell of Sex
       by Couture

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by
sexually explicit stories and situations.

(c)2001 by Couture 
email at couture@literotica.org



  Part V

Laura woke up with her head surrounded by the bottom of Monique's 
gown, staring straight into her dark pussy.  

"Get off me!  What are you doing?" Laura cried in desperation as she 
struggled to dislodge her dorm-mate.  

"Shhh, take it easy, pervie.  I ain't gonna hurt you.  See, my brain 
started clickin�� last night while you was asleep, and I think I may 
have a cure for yo' lesbianism.

"See, yesterday, you got into a lot of bad trouble ��cause your pussy 
got hot and wet.  So this morning, I'm gonna give yo�� pussy a little 
bit of stem-you-lie right before you go to class, to de-sens-itize 
it for the rest of the day.

��This way, we work all your nasty urges out of there right now, so 
you won't be trying to sniff your teacher��s panties or some other 
pervie like you said you did yesterday.

"Otherwise, a whole day without panties on will make your pussy all 
sloppy wet.  That would be like -- like wearing a fuck-me sign for 
every little lezzie bitch who smells ya. 

"Hee, hee!  Laurie the dyke magnet.  Do you want that to be your new 
nickname at school?�� 

��No!�� Laura answered, shaking her head from side to side.

��Then hold still and shut up so I can get this over with.  Do you 
think I like messin' with your sloppy ol' puss?"  

Monique grabbed each of Laura��s nether lips, then opened and closed 
them rapidly.  Laura was humiliated by the wet smacking sounds of 
her arousal.

"Is it going to hurt?" asked Laura meekly.  She stopped struggling 
and spread her legs, so that her roommate could give her this new 
treatment.

"Nah. Maybe sting . . . a tiny bit . . . not much though.  Hell, who 
are we kiddin��, it will prob��ly feel REAL GOOD to a pervie like you. 

"Hold still now.  First, we apply a little goopy goo to your puss," 
Monique said, as she coated Laura's sex with a thick silicone gel.  
"Hee, hee! As if it wasn't wet enough already."

"See, that feels good, don't it, girlfriend?" she asked, rubbing the 
cold gel into every fold of her white dorm-mate��s aroused pussy.

"Uh huh,"  Laura gasped, as she tried to suppress a moan of arousal.  
She was very grateful to have something . . .anything to hide the 
obvious secretions dripping from her cunt from the eyes of her dark-
skinned dorm-mate.  She tried to control her dark urges, but she 
could feel her hips begin to thrust of their own volition.

"Now, we gotta stick this little thingie inside of you, so spread 
wide." Monique waited for Laura's legs to open up for her, then she 
pushed a small vibrator inside Laura's sparsely-covered blonde sex.

"Mmmmm," Laura moaned, getting into the sensations of pleasure she 
was experiencing at the hands of her dominant dorm-mate.  The dark 
girl��s sex just sat there teasing her, just a few inches from her 
face. She could smell its musky aroma and she was dying to stick her 
nose in the curly pubes.

"Okay, this part may sting a bit.  Cover your mouth so you don't 
make a fool of yourself.  You don't want the neighbors thinking your 
are just some lezzie slut getting off do ya?"  warned Monique, as 
she applied a flat metal panel attached to a NiCad battery to 
Laura's glistening pubes and pressed a switch.  

"Oh, shit! Oh, fuck!" cried Laura, as she felt a mild electric 
current pass into her cunny, causing every muscle of her sex to 
tighten involuntarily.  The effect caused her pussy to clamp down 
hard on the small vibrator inserted deeply in her sex.  Monique 
switched on the little vibrator giving Laura even more sensation.

"OW!  OW!  OH!  FUCK!  OH!  OW!  ME!" shouted Laura with each pulse 
of electricity coming from the strange device.

Her hips were pumping with every jolt of electricity that shot into 
her sex.  It had scared her at first, but in reality it only stung 
mildly.  

However, the feeling coming from each pulse as every muscle in her 
pussy contracted and grabbed the small vibrator inserted within, was 
fucking phenomenal!  

"You've got to be quiet my pervie brown-noser or you'll wake 
everyone up," whispered Monique. "And we don't want that do we?"

From her confined enclosure of her roommate��s nightie, Laura looked 
around for something -- anything to put over her mouth.  All she saw 
and smelled was the dark, moist sex directly in front of her face.  

"Oh, Oh, Oh, fuck mmmpphhff," Laura mumbled, as she pushed her mouth 
and face tightly against Monique��s moistening cunt.  

Monique decided to give Laura a reward for this, so she turned the 
vibrator up a notch.  

"Mmmmmm," Laura moaned as her nose easily slipped past the wet labia 
and deeply into her dorm-mate��s sex.

Careful to keep Laura's face in place, Monique kept working the 
small device all over the exposed white pussy.  

Everywhere the black panel touched, the sparse blonde hairs began to 
wither, then fall off. 

'Yes, my stuck up little lezzie whore.  Soon . . . soon . . . you 
will be smooth as a baby, ��cuz these blonde pussy hairs ain't 
growin�� back for a long, long time,' thought Monique, as she 
wickedly kept giving Laura the home-made electrolysis.  

'How do you like my afro-engineering now, you bald white bitch,' 
Monique thought, as she leaned back trapping Laura's blonde head 
between her open thighs and sex.  She began riding the white face 
below her like a horse.  Laura's nose was trapped deep in her dark 
musky sex, while pressing the white girl��s pouty lips against her 
hard clit.  

Every time Laura moaned, Monique felt the vibration through her body 
and whenever the poor girl gasped for air, her nose would slurp cum 
from the black girl��s pussy.

"That's it bitch, suck that pussy with your nose . . . oh yeah, keep 
on moaning for momma," Monique cried, on the verge of a climax.  

She turned Laura's vibrator on high, then roughly pinched the girl��s 
small hard nipples, and proceeded to fuck the captive girl's face 
for all she was worth.

Poor Laura could feel an orgasm building deep within her pussy.  
��Why am I so turned on by my roommate��s pussy?  I'm not a lesbian . 
. . I'm not a lesbian . . .I��m not . . .�� the delirious co-ed 
thought over and over. Poor Laura, who had never voluntarily given 
another girl sexual pleasure, suddenly knew one thing:  

She wanted Monique to cum with her.

Laura did the only thing she could.  She opened her mouth and began 
sucking on Monique��s hard clit.  She ran her tongue over it, 
pretending it was a little dick.   'Mmmmm, that tastes so fucking 
good.'  Laura tried to suck as much of Monique��s juices as she could 
through her nose.



Monique began bouncing up and down as she rode Laura��s face.  Her 
sweaty breasts would rise up and swell each time she lifted up, then 
filling out as they bounced down when she settled back on Laura��s 
face.  "Yippeee---kiii---yeeaaa you lezzie fucker . . . that's right 
suck it . . . oh yeah, you know you want it!  Oh! Oh! I'm cumming on 
your face!  Oh fuck, oh fuck, ohhhh . . . " gasped the rocking black 
girl.  

Laura continued sniffing, licking, and sucking the black girl's sex 
with abandon, while Monique orgasmed, drenching Laura's face with 
her spent fluids.




After Monique��s orgasm subsided, she rolled off of the cute, coated 
face beneath her and removed the vibrator from the girl��s now 
denuded pussy.  Laura was motionless, with her legs still spread, 
and her smooth pussy continued to spasm to the frequency of the 
electrical device, even though the batteries had long since expired.

"Well, we got good news and bad news, pervie,�� Monique said as she 
admired her handiwork.

"The good news is, I think that oughta satisfy your nasty urges all 
day long.

"The bad news is . . . that the mean ol' electricity done zapped 
those pretty blonde hairs, right off of your cunt.  Well, it ain't 
like you had a much to begin with anyway.  Heh, heh!"  Monique 
informed her now denuded dorm-mate, while she ran her hand all over 
the exposed white pussy.
 
Laura shot up to a sitting position and was horrified to see her now 
denuded sex. Her hands flew to at first cover it -- and then began 
to explore it's unnatural smoothness. 
 
"Oh, no!  Oh, god! .. How can I ever face Dr. Adams with no hair 
down there!  She knows I had some yesterday.  She will think I'm . . 
. I'm some kind of perverted little slut for sure now . . . " Laura 
whispered, as with her own hand, she began to manually explore her 
sex's silky smoothness. It felt unnatural, and when she touched 
herself, it felt as if it was a stranger��s hand.  In a way, it was 
quite delightful.
 
"Can't be helped pervie, you'll get used to it. Come on, get your 
smelly white ass up! You need a shower somethin' awful,�� Monique 
ordered,  ��you're stinking up the room."   She grabbed Laura's hand 
and pulled her up and out of her bed.  

Both girls wrapped their bodies in towels, grabbed their toiletries 
and went out of their room and down the hall to take a shower. 

In the communal shower, Laura took great pains to try to keep her 
now hairless sex hidden from the two other girls already there. 

Looking down, Laura began to blush, there was no little patch of 
hair to hide behind.  Anyone who looked at her red swollen lips and 
distended nubbin would know that she had just been fucked.  She 
thought she heard one of the girls giggle, and blushed knowing that 
someone was probably laughing at her aroused, prepubescent-looking 
body.  It was bad enough having tiny little breasts, but now she had 
no womanly hair either.  She felt like she was nothing but a little 
girl, surrounded by a college full of women.   

What was worse, was that the humiliation of it all was beginning to 
turn Laura on.
 
After their shower, the two girls went back to their dorm room, 
where Monique promptly started giving Laura orders again.

"You know that when you are in this room, you are supposed to be 
naked, Laurie,"  Monique said, as she stripped Laura of her towel 
and pushed Laura down to her knees onto the floor.

"Here, take this lotion and put it on my body so I don't get chalky.  
Come on girl, I ain't got all day."

Laura was so embarrassed to have to handle another woman's body, 
especially a black's, but, as Monique had said, 'It was part of the 
cure for your lesbianism', 

So, starting at her dorm-mate's feet, she began rubbing the lotion 
into the dark girl��s skin and worked her way up to the girl's sex.  

"All over, Laura.  This has got to become ordinary to you."

Laura poured some more lotion in her hand and spread it all over 
Monique's black hairy sex.  Laura could feel herself getting very 
aroused as she stared at the way the black girl��s shiny sex moved 
under her hand.

"That's my girl . . . the back too." Monique turned around and 
pushed her bubble butt in Laura's face.

��God, how much more demeaning can my life get,�� Laura thought, while 
she applied the lotion Monique's muscular bottom and even between 
her ass cheeks.

As if that wasn��t humiliating enough, then she had to stand there 
with her pathetic A cups next to Monique��s large breasts while she 
finished rubbing the lotion onto her dorm-mate.  Every time Laura  
touched the girl's full, black breasts, she was reminded of how 
inferior she was -- how inferior she would always be.  

"Good job, girlfriend. Do you need to sniff my pussy or my ass, 
before I finish dressing?"

Laura blushed; she knew Monique could see her swollen wet sex.  "No, 
no.  I'll be alright."  The truth was, she could still smell the 
dark girl��s scent whenever she inhaled through her nose.

"Don��t lie to me pervie, you have nothing to hide behind.  Not 
anymore,�� Monique said as she easily slipped a finger into Laura��s 
cunt.  Soon she had the blonde grinding her hips and wobbling on 
weak knees.  ��Here this should hold you off until tonight," Monique 
said, as she took her soaked finger and smeared the juices under 
Laura's nose.

"Well, go ahead and get dressed, girl; remember you have to see Dr. 
Adams today."

Laura had to follow Dr. Adam��s orders today at least. So, she only 
wore a loose-fitting pleated pink and black-checkered skirt and her 
tight, cashmere, white, button -up sweater.  Monique insisted she 
wear her pink pumps with knee high socks. Laura felt like she had 
regressed to a little Catholic schoolgirl.  
 
 ��Well, Dr. Adams is going to think I'm a little girl anyway . . . 
so what does it matter?�� Laura thought, as she left for class.




The Smell of Sex Ch.6
by Couture
Couture@literotica.org

(FF, panty, humil)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations.

(c)2001 by Couture

Part VI

'Well aside from feeling incredibly naked, by not  wearing any panties and
losing the natural protection  of my hair down there, whatever it was that
Monique  did, really has helped keep me from getting horny so  far today.' Laura
thought.

However, as her third class ended, she slipped up, and  began again to notice
other girl's panty lines. Then  too, there was the dreaded thought of having to
sit in  Dr Adams office, naked, with her bare sex spread wide  open drying
before that damn fan. Further she had the  thoughts of Dr. Adams probably
wearing some frilly  beige panties and matching nylons. 

These thoughts started making her feel very randy  again. Her hard nipples began
pointing out from her  sweater.  She worried that the wet juices leaking from 
her sex, would leave a wet spot on the back of her  skirt, since she didn't have
panties on.     Thankfully, her class ended without any incident, and 
reluctantly she headed to Dr. Adam's class.

Then in the hall, someone came up behind Laura and put  their arm around her,
placing their hand on her cute  bottom.

"Hello, Pink Pumps.  Did'ja miss me?" asked the girl  in black.

Laura, began to panic.  'OH NO!  It is black boots and  she recognizes me!' 
Laura tried to turn down the next  hall in order to lose the Goth, but she
easily kept up  with Laura.

"I don't know who you are, but if you don't leave me  alone and let me get to
class, I will scream and get  you thrown out of school" whispered Laura with
much  more authority than a poorly covered Catholic  schoolgirl should have been
able to muster.

"Now, that's not a very nice thing to say.  The little  girl I helped in the
bathroom yesterday was much MUCH  nicer to me." the Goth girl said, as she
pouted her  black painted lips. 

"Yes, I liked that darling little girl much better,  not this snobbish bitch
beside me now." The Goth  reached into the back pocket of her book bag and 
brought out some photos.

"Princess, I'm afraid if you don't give me my sweet  girl back, I'm going to
have to show all your friends  here what kind of girlie you really are." Black
Boots  said, as she waved one of the pictures in front of  Laura's face. The
picture showed Laura standing on top  of a toilet, back arched as she faced the
wall, her  wet sex and rosebud displayed between spread legs.   'Oh God!  I look
like such a whore,' Laura's face  turned bright red and she tried to snatch the
photo  before anyone else could see it.  However, the Goth  was unwilling to let
it go and Laura had to let it go,  because their struggle was beginning to draw
unwanted  attention.

"Oh please give it back.  Please don't show anyone,"  whined Laura, as she began
to cry at the hopelessness  of her situation.

"Don't cry Princess Panty, just give me a pretty smile  and be me sweet little
girl like yesterday and  everything will be just fine.  Okay?"  The pale girl 
reached up and wiped the tears from the crying  blonde's eyes.

Laura forced a smile on her face.  "Okay," she  replied.

"Okay, Goddess Goth" said black boots as she playfully  spanked Laura's ass.

"Let me see what kind of panties you have on today  Princess Panty." said the
Goth, casually lifting the  hem of Laura's cute school girl skirt in the crowded 
hall.

"No, no!  Please, Goddess Goth, not here.  I'm not  wearing panties today." The
blonde squirmed, as she  tried to keep her skirt out of the Goth's hands.

"Please let me go.  I just HAVE to be at my 2:00  class." said Laura as she held
down her skirt and  walked quickly to the restroom to avoid being further 
embarrassment.   "Then you better hurry and do as I say, because you  don't have
much time."    With that a smiling Goth girl hustled the reluctant  blonde, into
the far stall and locked the door.     "Okay, now let's see if my little school
girl was  lying about her panties."    Then black boots waited, arms crossed
tapping her  black boot impatiently.  "I can wait all day, if that  is what it
takes."

'God, I can't be late for class,' thought Laura.  She  looked down at the tile
floor and slowly raised the  hem of her skirt up around her waist, exposing
herself  to this wicked girl.

The Goth's whistle echoed off the walls of the  restroom, while she stood ogling
at Laura's denuded  sex.  "Mmmmm . . . very nice . . .  my naughty little  girl
is all smooth for me today.  I love it!" Black  boots remarked, as she traced a
black fingernail along  the exposed lips of Laura's wet sex.  "And she's so 
wet."   "Now let me feel those itty bitty girlish titties I  like so much!" The
Goth demanded.    "Please don't," Laura begged, but the hard crinkled  nipples
poking through her sweater told a different  story.  She slowly undid the
buttons of her sweater,  exposing her small breasts to her tormentor.    The
Goth began feeling and then slapping the small  orbs with glee, just to watch
them jiggle.  "So small  . . . So perky.  You don't even need a training bra 
for these babies." laughed the Goth as she pinched a  crinkled pink nipple
between her forefinger and thumb.   "Ow.  Please don't! I'm not a lesbian." 
whimpered  Laura. "It's just-"

"Honey, doing this isn't going to turn you into a  lezzie.  All I want to do is
play with you.  Two girls  having a little harmless fun together! Just like 
yesterday, remember?"

Laura did remember.  Thoughts of her carnal behavior  yesterday humiliated her,
yet filled her with lust at  the same time.  She struggled not to flinch when
she  felt the Goth's hands begin to roam up her thigh.

"Just me and my own sweet little tiny-tittied girl,"  Black boots calmly
explained as she began to slowly  explore Laura's denuded sex with her right
index  finger.  Then when she had saturated her finger with  Laura's juices, she
began to spell out letters on the  trembling blonde's smooth belly and breasts. 
"C-U-N- T.  That spells cunt and that is where I want to feel  those magic
little fingers . . .right in my cunt!"   "This will go quicker, if you get down
on your knees .  . . okay?" said the Goth.

"Come on Pink Pumps, get down there, okay. It is your  turn to play with me. 

"Now!" The Goth said, as she grabbed both of Laura's  hard exposed nipples and
pulled down until the thin  girl dropped to her knees.

"Come on use your nice soft fingers. Put em up inside  me like I did for you
yesterday. You remember, don't  you? Come on . . . It'll be quicker . . . Don't
worry  it isn't going to make you gay.  Anymore than me  making you feel good
down there yesterday made you  gay. We're just two girls, being 'nice' to one 
another.

"Here.  I'll even help you," said the Goth girl, as  she raised her stretchy
black miniskirt up over her  hips exposing her pantiless sex. 

"See I didn't wear panties either.  We must be some  kinda special friends"

Knowing she couldn't leave until she brought the  wicked girl off, Laura parted
the Goths black bush  with her left hand and inserted the index finger of  her
right into the parted labia.

"Mmmm . . .  now there's my good girl  that  feels really good Princess
Panty.  Now play with my  clit . . . No . . .  Don't stop . . .  use your other 
hand." said the Goth as she had put her right leg up  onto the toilet tank rim.
This spread her black haired  sex wide open, mere inches in front of the
submissive  blonde's face kneeling on the floor.   Both Laura's hands became a
blur as she desperately  stroked in and out of the Goth Goddess sex, and played 
with the other girl's clit.     "UUUUhhh, oh god! Panty Princess . . .  um . . . 
you  do that so goddamn good!"   Laura flushed with pride and then horror.    It
seemed as if she had found a new niche for her  perfection, one that she really
didn't want.  Her new  ability was making this strange kinky girl cum.  As  she
became tired she leaned forward and rested her  head on the Goth's thigh, so she
could smell the sweet  musky aroma emanating from the girl's hairy sex.  
"Ohh-ohhh -ohhhh-ah . . .  that's my girl . . .  make  me cum . . . ohhh gawd
keep working inside me with  them pussy fucking fingers of yours."  All the
while  the Goth's hips were grinding her thick black bush  against the side of
Laura's face, as the blonde  inhaled the aroma of her sex.   "Ugh . . . Ugh. . .
. Oh . . . ah-ah-Ahhhhh" As the  Goth climaxed, she grabbed the blonde's
shoulders to  keep from falling down.  She bent over, raising  Laura's head
upward by her chin.  As she looked deeply  in her eyes, she kissed the thin girl
and explored  Laura's accepting mouth with her tongue.

The Goth stood back up, holding her skirt around her  waist.  She looked down at
her matted sex with  disgust.   "Oh dear, you naughty girl you, you've made a
nasty  mess of my pussy again!" sneered the Goth, as she ran  her finger through
the sticky wetness of her sex.  "See?" The Goth showed Laura the evidence of her 
secretions on her hand, then wiped it clean in her  blonde hair.   "I guess it's
time for you to clean up your mess  again. Just like yesterday."

"But..b-b-but, I . . . I d-don't have any p-panties,"  Laura stuttered.

"Well neither do I, so unless you want to use your  pretty little sweater or
skirt, I would suggest you  put that mean pouty mouth of yours to some good."

"Damn! Damn! Damn!  Why do these things keep happening  to me?  I can't go to
class smelling of this horrible  girl's pussy, but I MUST to go to Dr. Adams's
class. I  MUST." Laura worried.     The Goth began running the tip of her black
boot  against the wet folds of Laura's denuded sex teasing  her, as the poor
girl's conflicted mind tried to come  up with some way . . . any way . . . out
of her  situation.     She could hear Monique in the back of her mind urging 
her, 'Come on girl, this has to become ordinary to  you, in order for you to be
cured."    So finally, she stuck out her tongue and tentatively,  began licking
at the dew on the black hairs in front  of her face.   "Oh . . . you're good.
You are such a good little  pussy licker pink pumps.  Mmmmmm . . .  and your 
tongue feels . . . so silky.  Lick inside the lips  Princess, they need some
attention too."

 Laura realized that this had gone much further than  cleaning up the mess she
had made.  She was on her  knees in a public restroom, performing oral sex on a 
stranger.  She gave up on pretending otherwise and  began to lick the Goth in
earnest.  Her only wish was  that Goddess Goth wasn't quite so vocal in her 
affections.

"Yes! Oh so good . . . Now do that clit . . .  mmmmm.   Oh! Keep doing that clit
baby girl.  Ahhhh . . .  that's my sweet pussy licker." moaned the Goth.

"And you said you weren't a lezzie!"     Laura hated the thought of what she was
doing, but she  was lost in the smell, taste, and feel of the  overbearing
girl's sex against her face. What she  hated more was the fact that the
depravity of her  actions brought such a sexual rush to her pussy.  She  began
grinding her own pussy onto the leather black  boot of the Goth girl towering
over her to sooth the  yearning in her cunt.   The steel chain on the Goth's
boot kept 'clinking' as  Laura humped her own overheated sex lips against them.  
Ching . . . Slurp . . . Gasp . . . Ching . . . Slurp .  . . Gasp . . . Ching . .
. Slurp . . . Gasp . . .   Ching . . . Slurp . . . Gasp . . .

"Oh yes!  Suck it. Suck that pussy.  Mmmm . . . I love  that!"

"Fuck . . . ugh . . . fuck.  OH! I feel you down  there, don't try to hide it
slut. You are fucking my  black boot, aren't you Princess Pussy? . . . Oh yeah.  
Work that boot with your cunt, you nasty girl!  Mmmmm  . . . ugh . . . you gonna
make me cum again . . . you  little tittied lezzie bitch! Now come on!"

"Don't go all shy on me now . . . that's right . . .  Suck that clit . . . ohhhh
. . . Yeah, like that . . .  suck it . . . suck it harder!!! HARDER!! Oh god . .
.  HARDER!!"    As the Goth girl came, Laura, couldn't help herself.  She began
to hump against the hard metal chains and  now shiny black leather of the boot
with abandon.     She felt her hair being grabbed and then her head was  tilted
back. "No!  I'm so close.  Please oh please let  me finish!" Laura moaned.  
Flash! The Goth girl took a suprise picture the slim  girl hugging her leg
tightly and humping her black  boot.

Laura was to far gone to care, the humiliation of the  picture sent her over the
edge as she began to climax  on the boot beneath her.   "Oh . . . Ohhh . . .
Ahhh . . . Goddesss . . . fuck my  cunt with your boot. . . . ahhhhh," Laura
orgasmed  loudly.  Then she buried her face in the Goths black  dark sex, before
falling down in a heap at the Goth's  feet.  She lay staring her wet juices
shining on the  right black leather boot before her face.   "Mmmmm . . . That's
my sweet pussy licking girl.  Now  be a good girl and clean up that nasty mess
you made  on my nice shiny boots. " ordered the Goth girl  towering over her.

Seeing no alternative, an exhausted Laura began  licking the boot in front of
her. As she did, she  noted the subtle difference in the flavor of her own 
secretions.  She even worked her tongue around the  metal chain, to get all the
stray drops of moisture  that had accumulated there.   "I hate to interrupt the
spit shine you are putting on  my boots, since you are clearly enjoying
yourself, but  didn't you say you had a class at two?" asked an  amused Goth.  
"Oh shit! It's 2:05, I'm going to be late." said Laura  as she jumped up eager
to get ready for her class.   "Stop!" commanded the Goth.

"Give me a kiss first and thank me for the pleasure.  Then hold still and I will
dress you myself, my little  Barbie doll." said the Goth girl.   "Thank you for
the pleasure Goddess Goth!" Laura said.  as she leaned her head up to kiss the
taller girl.     "My name is Beth and my phone number is 555-4532.  Here, I'll
write it on your tit. So you won't lose  it."    Then the Goth girl took out a
pen and wrote her number  on the blonde's small left breast.

"Hee Hee . . . your tiny titty is almost too small for  my phone number to fit."

The Goth girl frenched the submissive blonde deeply.   Then she buttoned Laura's
sweater up, playfully  tweaking her nipples, until her hard nips stood out  like
two pencil erasers.

"Perfect!" she said as she opened the door and smacked  the rushing girl on the
ass as Laura hurried to her  class.   "I probably should have told her to wash
off her face  and hands, but I do so enjoy marking my territory."  Beth thought
smiling, before strutting saucily from  the restroom herself. 

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.7
by Couture
Couture@literotica.org

(FF, panty, humil, Fd)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations.

(c) 2001 by Couture

Chapter VII

Laura rushed to Dr. Adams's class, opened the door  quietly, and sat down in the
back row trying very hard  not to be seen.  When she finally had the courage to 
look up, she saw the disapproving scowl on her  professor's face.  

'Damn!' she thought,  'I'm going to be in trouble;  that old bitch doesn't miss
anything.'

She made it through the class without drawing further  attention to herself, but
all she could think about  was sitting naked, with her legs spread wide in Dr. 
Adams's office,  and having her professor look at her  like she was some kind of
slut, while all the time  that horrible fan blew, teasing her aroused sex.

After class, Laura waited for Dr. Adams at the front  of the room, just behind
the other girls who were  waiting to talk to the professor.

'I used to be one of those girls staying after class  to ask a few choice
questions.  It never hurts to  score a few quick brownie points with the
teacher.'   Laura's eyes dropped down and gazed at the outline of  the other
girls' panties.  It made her conscious of  the absence of her own, and
re-awakened the desire in  her own sex as well.  'But now I'm just a horny slut 
craving the humiliation of spreading my legs for my  teacher while a fan dries
my sex.'

Laura stood there, eyes downcast, as the last of the  girls left the class.

"Well, if it isn't little Laurie. So nice of you to  make it to class today,
young lady." Dr. Adams packed  up the papers on her desk, not even glancing up
at the  nervous girl.

"We will discuss your tardiness and take care of your  *problem* in my office. 
Follow me young lady."  Without a backward glance, Dr. Adams turned around and 
walked briskly out the classroom toward her office.

A meek Laura walked a few steps behind her teacher.  Her gaze naturally falling
on her teacher's full,  womanly ass as it swayed. Laura could see the outline 
of lacy panties through the material of her skirt.  

When they were inside her office, Dr. Adams paused at  the entrance and locked
the door behind Laura.

"Laura, I'm very cross with you. Yesterday you cut my  class entirely.  Now
today you show up late."

Dr. Adams grimaced and turned up her nose after  smelling Laura's hair. "After
doing God knows what,"  she added.

Laura's eyes grew wide and she began to nervously  twist a stray strand of her
hair around her index  finger. 

"I'm sorry ma'am, but you know my c-c-condition. It  makes some things very . .
. um difficult for me,"  answered Laura, peeking out from under her bangs, 
trying to play the poor-little-girl-lost look for all  it would be worth.

"Well, let me see how bad it is today.  You know the  routine: take off your
clothes and sit in the chair so  I can see how wet you are.  Hmmmpf, I'm sure
you are  leaking like a faucet, since I can smell you from  here," said her
disapproving professor.

"Um-ah, it was just that, I-I was in such a rush to  get to your class ma'am,
that um . . . I didn't have  time to clean up," murmured the horrified blonde,
when  she realized she hadn't even rinsed off after her  earlier escapades with
Beth.

To delay her fate as long as she could, she started  stripping off her clothes
slowly. Then, she carefully  folded each item and placed them on the corner of
her  teacher's wooden desk. As she bent to remove her Mary  Janes and socks she
heard Dr. Adams say, "Leave on the  cute little socks and your pretty Mary
Janes, Laura.  There will be no need to take them off, will there?"

Blushing and looking at the floor, the young blonde  shook her head indicating
no.  'Let's get this over  with,' Laura thought, as she sat down on the wooden 
chair and spread her legs slightly.

"Laura," Dr. Adams chided Laura disapprovingly, "You  know your legs go over the
arm rails."

Laura dreaded showing off her denuded aroused sex, but  she obeyed her teacher
and placed her legs over the  arm rails.

Dr. Adams began to circle the blushing girl, tracing  various parts of her body
with a ruler.

"What is that written on your chest Laura?" Dr. Adams  said, as she slapped the
breast on which Beth's name  and phone number were inscribed with her wooden
ruler.

"Ouch! . . .  um, it's a friend of mine.  I'm supposed  to call her and ah . . .
ask her to meet me at my dorm  tonight to ahh . . . study.   I-I forget things
so she  -- I mean, *I* wrote her phone number on my b-breast  so when . . . um .
. . I change clothes tonight, I'll  be sure to s-s-see it and remember to call
her."

"Uh-huh.  Sure it is, Laura," Dr. Adams said  skeptically. Her voice sounded
unconvinced.

To Laura's horror, her teacher picked up the phone  from her desk and made a
call.  Then after a short  period of time, she said, "Hi Beth, this is Dr.
Adams.   Laura wanted me to tell you to meet her at room 314 in  Parker Hall
tonight at 8:00 to *study*." Smiling, she  hung up the phone.

"Wouldn't it have been a lot smarter to just leave a  message?  Well we can't
expect too much out of some  people can we, Laurie?" 

'God!  She must think I'm the dumbest blonde on the  planet,' Laura thought, as
she shook her head  indicating her agreement.

Dr. Adams bent down and traced Laura's bare sex with  her ruler.  "I see you're
going for the *complete*  little girl look now. I like it! It suits someone like 
*you* so well."

"Why, with those small breasts of yours, the hairless  vagina, and schoolgirl
clothes, if I didn't know  better, I could swear that you were about -- oh --
say  twelve years old.  You definitely acted like a little  girl today when you
didn't show me the proper respect  and failed to come to my class on time.  I
think we  will have to address that *right now*," said the  stern, older woman,
as she pointed her ruler at the  cowering student.

"Okay, you want to be a little girl, then we'll just  have to treat you like
one!  I want you to stand up  facing my desk and lean over and grab the far edge 
with both of your hands . . . *this instant*!"

"Good girl," Dr. Adams assured the blonde, as she  assumed the correct position. 
"Now, bend way on down  there and lay your forgetful little head on the desk. 
You will keep those legs together and straight, if you  know what's good for
you.  Remain completely still and  silent, until I'm finished," commanded Dr.
Adams.   "That's my girl.  Posture and respect are so very  important for young
women."

Laura was very uncomfortable with this new position.  She couldn't see Dr. Adams
or what she was doing, but  she could feel her Achilles tendons stretched
tautly,  from her ankles to her naked ass. Her breasts were  mashed against the
cold glass top of the wooden desk.

'Why does she have me positioned like this? She can't  dry me in this position,"
wondered Laura. Then a cold  realization struck her.  She was about to be
spanked -  for the first time in her whole life.  Just like some  disobedient
little girl.

"Well Laura, tonight when you look at your tiny  breast, you will remember your
friend - um,  Beth, was  it, is coming over to study.  But, for the next few 
days, when you attempt to sit down, you will think of  *me*, and you will
remember to come to my class . . .  "



Dr. Adams brought the ruler down smartly on the tender  flesh of Laura's milky
white bottom.

". . . *ON TIME*!"

"Oooo, please . . . don't do . . . OHH!" Laura  pleaded.



"Oooo, please . . . don't, I've OOO . . ."



"OW OW OW!!!" Laura surged forward onto the desk  knocking off some papers as
she lay across the cold  glass surface and brought both her hands back to cover 
the delicate cheeks of her now smarting ass.

"God! Please . . . that hurts . . . please!" Laura  begged, as she rubbed the
burning ass cheeks, of her  still wiggling rump.

"Laura! Behave yourself girl. You moved and talked,  when I said not to, so I'm
afraid those don't licks  don't count," the professor chided her errant student.

"Now we're just going to do this, *all over again*.   We can keep at this till
you take the twenty-five  licks you deserve like a grown woman, instead of some 
spoiled little twelve-year-old brat. Now get back  where you were and we'll
begin again."   Laura blushed hearing her fears realized. Dr. Adams no  longer
saw her as a grown woman with opinions, but as  a spoiled, disobedient child.

'Well, I'll prove to her that I'm not a child,' she  vowed, as she got back into
the humiliating position.   She was determined to endure her punishment like a 
grown-up *woman*!

"That's much better.  Now, count them out little  girl!" sneered Dr. Adams.




"Gasp . . . um . . . one."   "Louder, you little baby."   

"Owww . . . TWO!"



"As we're doing this for you own good, 'thank me' and  tell me that in future
you will do as you are told,  you spoiled brat!"     

"THREE!"

"Thank you Dr. Adams, I will do as I'm told from now  on."    

"That's my good girl - keep going"

Laura's cheeks were turning a dark shade of red as she  struggled to keep her
hands on the desk, her Mary  Janes on the floor, and her ass right up there for
her  deserved punishment.



"FOUR! Thank you  Dr. Adams, I w-w-will do as  I'm told from now on."



"Awwwww. Is the poor widdle baby crying?"

Humiliated by her tears and nakedness, Laura's strong  will caved in.  She
openly cried like a baby in front  of the older woman.



" FIVE . . . thank you Dr. Adams, yes . . . I'm   c-c-crying . . .
because IT HURTS!

"   

 "Keep those little girlie shoes of yours flat on the  floor and that ass up
high, little Laurie!"



It went on and on, and Laura's ass now seemed to be on  fire.

"Seventeeeeeennnnn! Please Dr. Adams I-I-I can't t-t- take it anymore . . . I'll
do anything . . . p-please  just stop spanking me . . . " blubbered the girl 
openly crying, who had long since given up on her  proper position. 

Dr. Adams was very upset, both with Laura and herself.   Why, she had gotten so
aroused from spanking the  spoiled slut's ass that she had let the little bitch 
get all out of position. Even though the small blonde  looked good enough to
eat, sprawled out on top of her  desk crying like a child, it was no excuse for
her to  get lax. The goal she was hoping to achieve was much  larger than her
own arousal or the discomfort the  little brat on her desk was undergoing.

'I've been waiting for this moment for nineteen years,  I must keep control of
myself," thought the professor.

"Laura, Laura, Laura," Dr. Adams tsked,  "I'm afraid  those didn't count either.
If your mother had brought  you up properly, instead of turning out a
weak-willed  spoiled whiny brat, none of this would have had to  happen."

"Rule number one is that you don't get out of your  licks, ever; especially from
ME!"

We can maybe postpone them or maybe you can work them  off, just maybe, but you
can never get out of them."  The older woman addressed her remarks to her
student's  now bright red ass, as she rubbed her own sweating  hands over
Laura's burning ass flesh.

Laura didn't object.  She would do anything to avoid  that ruler, besides, the
soft cool hands actually felt  nice on her aching ass. Laura regretted her
mother  hadn't been stricter with her when she was growing up  instead of
leaving her to learn about such things on  her own.

"Come on girl, get up and clean up that mess you made  on my desk, and be quick
about it," demanded a stern  Dr. Adams, who stood over Laura, menacingly holding 
her wicked ruler.

'Oh God!' Laura thought, as she looked down. She had  covered the glass desktop
with a nasty smear of her  sweat, tears, snot, and girlie cum. Laura frantically 
looked around the room for napkins, tissues, or  anything, but could find
nothing to mop up with.   Reluctantly, she picked up her precious cashmere 
sweater. As she ran it over her tear-stained face, she  thought, 'Goodbye baby,
you were a beautiful sweater.'

Then she commenced using it to wipe her fluids off the  glass desktop.

Dr Adams inspected as she worked and observed, "Very  good Laura, at least you
are good at cleaning up. But  it's getting late and I have another appointment,
so  we need to finish up here."

Assume your drying position in the chair over there.  You can remember that,
can't you?"

First, lay your nasty sweater on the chair seat. That  will help keep your
odious juices off my nice clean  chair, little girl. We'll come back to the
subject of  your licks at a later time."

Laura placed her sweater on the chair and then sat on  it.  Then she spread her
legs over each arm rest  facing her demanding, stern professor.  She was still 
totally embarrassed at showing her open sex to anyone,  even another woman. 
However, the downright fear of  her harsh teacher and her ruler had the shy girl 
displaying her body almost with enthusiasm.

"Let's see that nasty crack of yours today.  Come on  girl, spread those lips
for me!" the teacher said, as  she watched the young girl reach down reluctantly
and  spread her labia wide.

"Ugh! It's as sloppy as ever.  Worse even.  Why, your  pussy is leaking like a
faucet.  Ha Ha.  I think I'll  call you *Leaky Laurie*!" Dr Adams laughed, as
she  scraped the flat top of her ruler between Laura's  spread lips, causing the
young girl to gasp. Finally,  she wiped the soaked ruler top on Laura's face.

"Well, let's try to dry your sloppy cunny before your  condition gets worse,"
Dr. Adams said, as she turned  her desk fan on high and pointed it directly down
at  Laura's spread-open sex lips.

"You know, Laura, or should I say, *Leaky Laurie*, I  think I've come up with an
idea about how to get at  those nasty juices hiding inside your vagina.  See?"

The doctor had opened her left top desk drawer, and  pulled out a curious
plastic device, which she held  under Laura's sniveling nose.  "This thing is
called a  breast pump, Laura.  Women use this to pump milk out  of their breasts
to feed to their babies.

"We're going to use it for a slightly different  purpose.  I've modified it a
little and we're going to  use it to suck all that nasty girlie cum right out of 
your vagina."

"So, it's actually a good thing you shaved your pubes.  This way, without all
those pesky hairs in the way, we  can really create a much better vacuum. Now
hold still  while I . . ."

She had plugged the thing in and was now placing the  modified cup over Laura's
gaping sex hole.

'Oh!  Oh! Ooooo shit! OH! That feels good," thought  Laura, as the pump started
to suck at her flowing  pussy.  It pulled the juices out of her and deposited 
them into the small cup below. Then it paused . . .  and sucked at her cunt
again.

"Oh!! damn! Oh damn!" Laura gasped.  'This thing is  gonna make me cum.'

"Does that hurt, Laura?" asked the amused professor,  as she observed her
creation's work on the little  blonde's sex.

"Ahhhhh . . . No-no, it doesn't . . . Ohhh -- h-u-r- t," Laura purred from deep
within her chest, as she  bucked her hips into the pump's cup.

Dr. Adams held the pump against Laura's bare,  thrusting sex until it looked as
though the poor  shaking girl was on the verge of an intense orgasm.   Suddenly,
she pulled the device off at the last  second. 

Just as soon as Laura felt the warm delicious wave of  pleasure began to
permeate her body, the sucking  stopped.  Her climax dissipated, fading back
from  whence it had come.  Laura's body sought her  mechanical lover: her ass
rose off the seat and into  the air searching, praying that the pump was there 
just out of reach. 

Laura opened her eyes and looked up at Dr. Adams who  was ignoring her and
looking curiously at the  secretions collected in the cup.  "Please?" Laura 
begged meekly, as she lowered her hands to her cunt.

Dr. Adams looked down at the frustrated girl, "Stop  that this instant! This is
supposed to be for your  medical condition, *not* your perverted pleasures!" 
sneered the stern woman slapping Laura's questing  hands away from her bare sex.

The older woman watched as Laura blushed and began to  settle back down into the
chair.  The young girl  looked up at her with her hopeful, bright blue eyes as 
she willed her body back into the required position.   When Dr. Adams was
satisfied her student was going to  behave, she again applied the pump to the
eager girl.   She took the frustrated girl to the brink of climax,  not two, but
three more times.

Each time the warm flush of arousal would spread down  between the young girl's
immature breasts that rose  and fell with her shallow gasps.  She spread her
long  lean legs and tried to still her body's reaction, as  if the older woman
would reward her for her obedience. 

However, as sexy as the young girl looked biting her  lower lip and her face
scrunched up delightfully in  pleasure lookedd, Dr. Adams once again withdrew
the  pump, causing the young girl to moan in  disappointment.

Laura reached to grab the pump, but then hesitated  under the teacher's harsh
glare. Then she willed her  hands back down and grabbed the back legs of her 
chair, her knuckles turning white from the force.  She  looked up into her
teacher's condescending eyes, then  glanced down, staring at her swollen pink
sex. "Please  . . ." she whimpered.

"Please what, Laurie?" Dr. Adams asked, as she lifted  Laura's chin up, so that
the young girl faced her.

'Please, don't make me say it.  Don't make me expose  my dirty thoughts and then
laugh at me,' Laura  thought, trying to win a battle against her body, but 
losing. 

"Please, leave it on until I . . . cum."

"Laura, I know you can't help how you were brought up.   I sympathize, I really
do, but do you think that it is  fair for you to have an orgasm all by yourself?
What  about me?" Dr. Adams explained to the frustrated girl  as if it was the
most natural thing in the world.   "Anyone but a spoiled, self-centered, little
brat  would know that to get someone to do something nice  for you, you have to
do something nice for them . . .  *first*!"

"OH GOD PLEASE . . . I'll make you cum Dr. Adams . . .  I swear I will!" cried
Laura, clutching the doctor's  left arm, her wishful red face peering up beneath
her  wet sweaty hair. She prayed the older woman would  relieve the burning need
in her cunt.

"Well Laura, I am a proper woman and I have special  needs.  It's just that it
takes longer for me to get  off than some slutty little brat like you.

"Do you think if I let you try, you could maybe . . .  make me cum? If you could
do that, perhaps I could see  my way to leave the pump on until you have the
best  climax of your pathetic, self-centered, little life."

"Oh please, Dr. Adams, I know I can.  I'll do a good  job. I promise.  Please?

"Please let me try . . . *PLEASE*!" Laura begged.

"Well, okay, I'll let you try," said a smiling Dr.  Adams, as she picked up
Laura's clothes and the breast  pump.  She carefully placed them into her lower
left  desk drawer, then reached up under her skirt and  pulled off her lacy
black panties. She was going to  put them in the drawer as well, but when she
saw the  little blonde girl's eyes she decided to place them  over the girl's
head.    "Taste me," Dr. Adams said as she centered the wet  crotch of her
panties over her face.  Then, with her  finger she pushed the silk fabric into
the lusting  girl's sucking mouth, causing the young girl to moan.

"Laura, if someone comes by and hears you making  grunting and moaning noises
while my door is locked,  we could both get in a lot of trouble.  So, while I go 
and unlock my door, you hide underneath my desk."

'Wait, I'm not dressed!' Laura thought, but the older  woman was already on her
way to the door.  Laura flew  out of the chair and then scooted under the desk,
just  as Dr. Adams unlocked the door.

Dr. Adams walked back to her chair, looked down at the  kneeling blonde and
smiled.  She picked up Laura's  cashmere sweater and spread it on the seat of
her  chair. 'No sense in wetting my chair,' she thought, as  she raised the back
of her dress and sat down on her  bare ass.  Then she removed her panties from
Laura's  head.  "Don't be selfish, you're about to get the real  thing now," she
said. "See, now, I can put my legs  over your shoulders like so," the teacher
said,  placing her thighs over the blonde's shoulders and  sliding forward,
filling the submissive girl's face  completely, providing Laura total access to
her hairy  wet cunt.

"Now, all I have to do, is lay my skirt on top of you,  while you try to please
me, safe and sound from any  prying eyes.  That way if someone comes in, all
they  will see is me, just sitting here grading papers all  by myself."

Laura, was very embarrassed about being in an unlocked  room, hidden naked under
a desk, pleasuring an older  woman, but she was beyond caring about the risk at 
this point.  All of Laura's concentration was centered  on her hot, wet,
frustrated sex.

As Laura began to service the older woman's pussy, Dr.  Adams thought, 'Mmmmm. 
I've always wondered how those  male chauvinist pigs felt when they get some
bimbo  secretary to get on their knees and give them a blow  job.'

'Ahhh fuck! It is only right that a liberated woman  such as myself,  gets
to experience this  pleasure.  Oh yes, I've waited for this moment for  nineteen
years and it was worth every minute of it!'

"Ahhh!" Dr. Adams cried; then she looked down and saw  that her personal pussy
licker was masturbating her  clit. "You selfish bitch, concentrate on the job at 
hand!"  The older woman grabbed Laura's hands, put  them underneath her ass,
then sat on them.

Not being able to pleasure herself until the dominant  older lady had been
satisfied, motivated Laura to work  that much harder.  She turned all her
attention to the  older woman's pussy, working her tongue and lips with 
enthusiasm as she tried to follow her professor's  demanding orders.

"That's it.  That's it girl!" Dr. Adams encouraged,  "but, flutter your tongue
on my clit more.  Now go way  down and push it in my cunt."

"Oh!  Harder you leaky bitch!  Suck it now. No-no,  that's getting repetitious,
front to back . . . *then* side to side."

The demanding woman continually corrected her  subservient student and when
displeased, she would  painfully twist the girl's ear or nipples.

To reward her licker, the older woman would massage  the girl's small breasts or
run her nylon covered toes  on Laura's denuded cunt. In just forty minutes,
Laura  was licking pussy like she had done it all her life.



'OH GOD!' thought Laura, 'someone's at the door. She  tried raised her head, but
banged it on the underside  of the desktop.    Dr. Adams slid her chair further
underneath the desk  wedging the girl tightly underneath.  Laura slid back  as
far as she could, but it wasn't enough. Finally,  she had to squat on the dirty
floor, legs held wide by  her professor's slightly spread knees.  

Now, she found her face pressed tightly between Dr.  Adams's thick thighs, held
fast by the teacher's dress  as it was pulled down over her naked body.  She was 
effectively immobilized and most disconcerting was the  wheel of Dr. Adams's
chair was embedded neatly in  Laura's pussy.

"Oh, it's you Susan. Come on in. Come in and have a  seat. Now, what can I do
for you?" Dr. Adams said  sweetly.

'Oh No! It's Susan Riggs. She's in the sorority I'm  pledging.' Laura was
horrified. 'She can't find me  like this! I'd just die.'

Laura wanted to panic, but all she could do was to  stay perfectly motionless
staring at the wet matted  hair and pink blossomed lips of her teacher's sex, 
pressed against her cheeks and under her nose. She  tried to raise her head off
the older woman's pussy,  but when she did Laura felt her ear being twisted.

'OH GOD! NO! She can't possibly expect me to do this  now!' Laura thought.

But, Dr. Adams was persistent and kept twisting the  ear harder and harder.
Finally Laura quietly began to  lick the parted lips in front of her face.

All the while, the older woman chatted with her future  sorority sister as if
nothing was out of the ordinary.   However, she slid her chair back and forth
slightly  driving the chair wheel repeatedly into Laura's  aroused cunt flesh.

'Damn! I wish that dumb spoiled slut would leave so  that I can relieve my
frustrations.  Hell, who am I  kidding, I am the one on my knees servicing an
old  woman; I'm the dumb spoiled slut," Laura thought, as  she worked her tongue
over her teacher's crinkled sex  bud.    Laura concentrated on licking the older
woman's pussy  without making any sound, while pushing her own cunt  into the
chair wheel.  She lost track of time and the  conversation above her.  She was
jerked back to  reality when she felt the chair wheel rudely pulled  away from
her sex, when Dr. Adams scooted her chair  back.    The older woman pulled her
dress up and spread her  legs wide.  She pulled Laura by her ears tightly into 
her aroused sex.

"Okay she's gone now!  Be quick now . . . finish me  off my leaky slut!" Dr.
Adams demanded.

Laura applied every trick, she had learned in the  previous hour. She worked her
aching tongue and sore  lips over the older woman's large, crinkled, musky sex 
with a vengeance.

"OH GOD! That's it, you little slut! Make momma cum .  . . oh I'm gonna cum so
*hard* you lezzie bitch. Oh- oh-oh . . . I'm cummmmminnnnng . . . you're makin'
me  cum little girl. Lick it all up . . . Don't you dare  make a mess."

Part of Laura was horrified by her teacher's language.  Especially, calling her
a lesbian and calling herself  momma, but Laura also found the dirty talk
further  inflamed her desires.

Her teacher pulled on Laura's ears, mashing the  blonde's face into her sex,
then as she came she  smothered the blonde in her juices. The young girl 
hungrily drank it all down, then politely began  licking and cleaning her
Professor's sex as she had  been taught earlier, by Goddess Goth.

"Mmmmm . . . that's it. Clean momma off. Wash up my  nasty juices with your cute
little girlie tongue, you  spoiled little bitch. Oh yeah, work off your licks on 
my pussy you small-titted slut. Ahhhh . . ."   "Stay where you are Laura, while
I go and lock the  door," Dr. Adams said, as she stood up on trembling  legs and
locked the door.

"Okay, let's give you your just deserts, baby. Come  on, get out from under that
desk and . . ." Dr. Adams  was interrupted when, in attempting to get out from 
under the desk, Laura accidentally stuck her head  under her teacher's dress. 
"My -- my -- my, you  really love my pussy, don't you?"

Laura quickly pulled the skirt off her head, then  stood up.  She was humiliated
that she was naked and  covered in the older woman's shiny juices, while the 
teacher remained fully dressed.

Dr. Adams grabbed Laura by the arms and guided her  body to the desk behind her. 
"Okay, now I want you to  lie down on your back, on top of my desk."

Dr. Adams moved to the back of the desk, and cradling  Laura's head, gently
eased the girl down until her  back was on the desk.  "Spread those lean legs
for  momma, I want your hairless sex facing my chair," Dr.  Adams said.   Laura
complied, exposing her red, swollen, open sex to  her lecherous teacher's
scrutiny.  Dr. Adams walked back and removed the breast pump from  her drawer
and sat down between Laura's legs.


"Not good enough, get these legs up out of my way if  you want your nasty cum,"
ordered Dr. Adams, as she  pushed Laura's cute little Mary Jane shoes up,
forcing  her knees onto her under-developed chest. Then,  spreading her knees
wide, leaving Laura extremely  exposed, Dr. Adams applied the modified pump
between  the girl's red, swollen labia.   "You'll have to help Laurie -- hold on
to your ankles  so my little angel will be available to me," cooed the 
professor.  Dr. Adams applied the modified breast pump  to Laura's swollen sex
and turned it all the way up.

When the machine pumped it made a *dzzzt* sound as the  young girls pussy was
sucked outward into the vacuum  and her sweet pussy juices collected in the
bottle.

"Does my little girl like having her pussy sucked?"  Dr. Adams asked, even
though she already knew the  answer by the young girl's symptoms.



"Oh yes, ma'am!"



"My nice little baby's cunt is filling the bottle with  her nasty cum.  What's
she going to do with it?" asked  the older woman.

"I don't know," Laura said.  "OH!" she then exclaimed  as she realized what was
in the doctor's mind.   

"Will my leaky lezzie girl drink up all her girlie  cum?"

"Ugh - No p-p-please, don't make me ah-do that."

"I guess, I will just have to take the pump off," Dr.  Adams threatened.



"Oh, no please don't ma'am, ! I'll d-d-rink it."



"Are you going to be mommy's little lezzie slut?"

"Uh-huh. I'm going to be your little . . ." Laura  began tossing her head from
side to side, as she began  to feel the hot waves of pleasure spread throughout 
her sex.



"Ahhh . . . lezzie slut.

"I'll eat your p . . ."



"p-p-usssy underneath your desk



"Ahhh . . . I'll let you s-spank my . . .



"naughty ass"



"Oh Fuck!  I'm cumming ma'am....oh...oh...oh.....I'm  cummmmiiiiinnnng."



Laura spurted her fluids in the slurping machine as  she hugged her knees
tightly to her chest.

When Dr. Adams removed the breast pump from Laura's  red, swollen sex and took
off the bottle, it was half  full of Laura's sexual secretions. She brought it
up  to the blonde's gasping mouth as Laura grimaced and  turned her head to the
side.

Laura, it seemed, was no longer interested in  following through on the deal she
had committed to in  her moment of passion.

"Drink it and be sure to get it all out sweetie, or we  will have to go and
finish your spanking," lectured  the older woman.

Having no choice, Laura opened her mouth and let the  horrible woman pour the
contents of the bottle into  her mouth. She swallowed it all while trying not to 
gag.

When the bottle was empty, Dr. Adams made Laura lick  the remainder of her
fluids from the walls of the  container.

"Remember, good girls must always clean up their  messes Laura.

"Well, I hope you learned some manners and respect  today, young lady.
Hopefully, this has taught you the  importance of following my orders. I'll see
you  tomorrow, promptly.

"Have a good evening Leaky Laurie."   Slowly, Laura put her skirt over her
aching body and  having no other option, her very wet, musky, ruined  sweater
went around her chest, clinging to her small  tits.  Finally, with her mind in a
daze, she left the  room to go back to her dorm. It was as if her whole  world
had been turned upside down.  Why, in just two  short days, the poor blonde had
gone from the uptight,  snobbish, prick-teaser her mother had raised her to  be,
to the biggest lesbian slut on the campus.

"I'll have to talk to Monique! She must step up my  treatment . . . *she really
must*!" Laura thought, as  she entered her dorm.

To be continued . . .  

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.8
by Couture
Couture@literotica.org

(FF, panty, humil, Fd)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by  sexually explicit
stories and situations.

(c)2001 by Couture

Part VIII

A distraught Laura staggered back to her dorm room.  She  opened the door to the
room in her disheveled state to find  Monique reading at her desk.  She ran to
her roommate as  tears began to fall from her eyes and collapsed at her feet.  
Putting her arms around the dark skinned girl, she began to  bawl.

"Damn girl, what's wrong?" Monique asked the weeping girl.

"Oh Monique, today was horrible, just horrible.  What you  did to me this
morning worked for a while, but later on,   my-my . . ." Laura struggled to find
the right word, "pussy  got all wet and gushy and made me do the most horrible 
things," Laura sobbed.

Monique put her book down, and tried to sooth the hysterical  girl, "It will be
alright Laura, see I've been reading today  to see if I can discover a cure for
you."  Monique pointed  to the thick psychology book she just put down. 

"I've been reading today, trying to come up with some more  answers for your
fetish.  According to what I read, as long  as you didn't cum today you should
be fine.  See, if you  cum, it will act as positive reinforcement for your 
perviness."  Monique pretended to reassure her fearful  roommate, even though
she already knew the little snob had  cum. The blonde bimbo smelled like a
walking pussy factory.   "You didn't cum today, did ja pervie?"

Laura's body shook even harder at this horrible news!  Not  only had she cum,
but she cum like crazy and it seemed like  every cum was longer and more
powerful than the last.   "Yes," she sobbed, "I couldn't stop myself."

Monique extricated herself from Laura's arms then looked  into the girl's red
teary eyes.  "In that case, I'm afraid  we are just going to have to step up
your negative  reinforcement."

Laura hated this reinforcement business, but she hated  acting this way even
more.  "Anything," she whispered,  "please, just let me get control over my body
again."

"I already noticed that some of the things we were doing  didn't seem to be
working like I had planned.  So, I called  a friend of mine who is a lesbian. 
Well, she isn't *just* a  lesbian.  You could say she is a lesbian expert,
because she  actually has women that she keeps as slaves," Monique said.

For some reason that Laura couldn't quite explain, when she  heard the word
slave, her cunt gave a sympathetic throb of  pleasure.

"So I told her about your problem and she laughed and said  she thought that you
were a sub.  Then, when I showed her  the tape of you sniffing my panties, we
both agreed you had  to be one sick subby slut to do that." Monique pretended to 
be serious, but just barely managed to stifle a laugh.

Laura looked up at her questioningly.  'Who is this *sub*  person?' she
wondered.

"You don't know nothin' about sex do ya girl?" Monique  laughed at Laura,
causing the girl to blush at her own  inexperience.  "Sub is short for
submissive.  A *sub* gets  off on being tole' what to do and being punished,
dummy."

Laura felt like she couldn't breathe and turned a brilliant  shade of crimson. 
She thought back and realized that when  Beth, Dr. Adams, or Monique bossed her
around or even  spanked her, she had gotten turned on!  'Oh please don't let  me
be a sub!' she thought, horrified that it may already be  too late for her.  No,
she couldn't admit this revelation to  Monique. Not to Monique, who she had
always felt superior to  in the past.

"So my friend Latanya says I need to treat you like a slave  and see if you get
off on it," Monique said, looking to see  the resistance forming on Laura's
face.  "I know what you  thinkin' girl.  I said the same thing to Latanya.  I'm
not  keepin' no fuckin' slave.  Shit, that's sick, 'sides they  got laws against
slavery!" the dark girl said, thickly  pouring on the ebonics to reassure Laura
that she was just a  dumb girl from the hood, trying to help in her own way.

"Well, she says if you a sub, you gonna be someone's girl  anyway.  It would be
better for ya ta find out with someone  ya trust.  She said it wouldn't take
long to find out if you  one of these *sub* people anyway.  So, are you ready to
get  started pervie?" asked Monique.

Laura lowered her gaze and blushed, "Yes," she replied  meekly.

"Yes, Miss Monique!" the dark girl corrected.

"Yes . . . Miss Monique," Laura replied, in a voice that  shook with her
helplessness.

"Good, then strip those clothes off, like we agreed  earlier." Monique ordered. 
In a way, Laura was glad to the  be free of her ruined smelly clothes, but she
also knew this  would expose the effects of today's activities to her  roommate. 
She tried to hide them, but between the phone  number on her breast, the puffy
red swollen sex, and the  pink ruler marks on her ass, there just weren't enough
hands  to go around. 

"Goddamn girl, maybe you're a sub after all," the dark girl  said, as she looked
at the handiwork of Dr. Adams. Monique,  ran her hand over Laura's pink bottom
to see if it still  felt hot.  "Did you enjoy it, slut?" she whispered in 
Laura's ear. 

A helpless whine escaped deep from within Laura's throat.   "No," she lied,
while she arched her ass back to meet  Monique's retreating hand.

"Let me give you your chores to do, while I'm gone tonight  pervie.  Oh, don't
look so sad pervie, I'm going to the  library to read books about your fetishes
and shit."   However, Monique thought to herself, 'Ha-ha, actually, I  have a
date with a *man* bitch!'

Monique walked over and turned on the video recorder.   "First, record your
journal and tell the camera all about  how you got in such a state today. 
Remember, you must tell  all!"

"Then when you are finished with that, clean up this fuckin'  room!  It's
beginning to smell like your smelly pussy,"  Monique said, as she arched an
eyebrow up and looked  accusingly at Laura.

Next, I want you to wash all the dirty panties in the  hamper. Since you like to
sniff them so much, I want you to  smell every pair all over.  Then, on a sheet
of paper, write  down which panties you liked the best and why.  Just pretend 
you are at one of them fancy wine tastins' and tell Miss  Monique all about her
panties.  I want to know all about the  bouquet or whatever shit they're always
saying on TV and you  better tell me what you think I was doin to make them 
bitches smell and taste so good. Oh yeah, that reminds me.   I've got a coupl'a
stains in them mugs and I'm all out of  Shout.  So, how about when you're doin'
your tastin', you  put a little extra special attention to the dirty spots with 
you tongue."

Next, I want you to rate how horny my panties make you from  zero to ten.  I'm
warning ya in advance pervie, if my  panties don't get a good rating, then I'll
make your ass go  'round and collect some more from the other girls in the 
dorm."

'Oh please no!' Laura prayed, trying to convince herself not  to do the
disgusting things Monique was saying.  However,  her juicy quim told a different
story, as it opened and  began to drip with desire.  "Yes, Miss Monique," she 
answered obediently.  

Monique walked to the dresser and picked up some lacy under- things and a pair
of heels.  "Now, for the negative  reinforcement; if you are going to be my
maid, you have to  look the part.  I took up a collection from some of the 
girls down the hall for your outfit."  Monique tied the  extremely large pair of
white lace panties around Laura's  waist.  "Every maid needs an apron," she said
grinning.  

Next, she placed the tiny black satiny panties on Laura's  head and adjusted
them, until they were just right, "and a  pretty little bonnet, for her head.  A
cute little outfit,  fo my cute lil' pervie maid, hee-hee!," she laughed.

"Go ahead and put your heels on Laura, while I finish up  here.  All maids wear
heels when they clean."

Laura thought back and she remembered her family's maid wore  a maid's uniform,
she didn't wear heels.  'Well, Rosa was  probably too fat for heels anyway,'
Laura thought. 

While Laura sat trying to put the high heels on her feet,  Monique put a tape in
the VCR and turned it on. As Laura  finished donning the heels, she looked in
horror at the  image on the VCR.  *It was her*!  She was on the floor with  her
nose stuck in Monique's discarded running shorts!

"Okay, I'm goin' ta be leavin' now Pervie.  If you get all  horny and shit, you
can play with yo cunt.  Just remember,  any orgasms you have, thinking about or
smelling panties  will positively reinforce your lezzie tendencies and ruin  the
hard work I've don for you. It'll take me weeks of  increasingly severe negative
reinforcement to overcome any  transg- I mean you fallin off the wagon or some
shit,"  Monique said, catching herself before she slipped out of  character. 

"If you feel your pervie self getting' out of control, just  take a look at the
TV and watch your sick self sniffin my  stinky shorts fo' motivation.  So
remember control your  slutty ass and above all *NO CUMMING*!"

Unless of course you *WANT* to become a total lesbian fuck  slut," Monique said,
as she closed the door behind her,  leaving Laura dazed and confused in her
wake.


Teetering on the unfamiliar shoes, the dazed blonde looked  at herself again in
the full length mirror.  

The perverted creature she saw couldn't be her! Yet there  she was, formerly Ms.
Straight A, Princess Prim and Preppy,  but now - now, she was only Princess
Panty. Even the lowly  Mexican maid that served at her family's house wouldn't
be  caught dead wearing such a ridiculous outfit.

What was even worse, Laura loved it. She craved it.

"Oh God, what is happening to me?  Why is my body doing this  to me?" Laura
asked herself, as she raised her makeshift  apron up to examine her sex.  "Ohh,
my poor pussy," Laura  whimpered, looking down at her red swollen ripe quim. 
The  suction from the breast pump had not only sucked out Laura's  juices, it
caused her outer pussy lips to swell up to twice  their normal size. Her mons
and inner lips were also swollen  and puffy looking.  Her clit had become so
large; it stuck  right out of its hood and would actually bob up and down 
whenever she moved.

As she attempted to keep her hands off it, her eyes looked  up at her bare
breasts and thought, 'I have only the chest  of a very little girl, but I've got
the pussy of a woman!'

'No, that's not right. Monique says I have to say it right!  I've got the cunt
of a whore.' she thought, as her right  hand naturally reached down, and began
rubbing her sore  labia between her sticky fingers.

The effect was electric! Laura had to stop herself from  accidentally cumming. 
She spread her nether lips as she  gazed longingly at her leaking sex. 'Such a
juicy quim; a  cunt that was made to be fucked,' she thought.

'Damn! What kind of narcissistic slut must I look like to  the camera?' Laura
thought, as she remembered the camera  recording her actions.

Then Laura had to subject herself to the additional  humiliation of reliving
today's events, as she reciting each  of them before the video camera.

She couldn't help herself! She rubbed her pussy and cried as  she was telling
all the sordid details of the worst day of  her life.

She wanted desperately to cum! But, she stopped herself  short of cumming each
time she came close.

How her clit ached for release, and Laura cried, but she did  stop herself.
Laura had to be strong.  She remembered  Monique's warning, 'If you cum too many
times you would  become a real-live lesbian slut forever.'

Trying to get her mind of her aching quim, Laura began the  task of cleaning up
the room.  She moved around the room  teetering around on the unfamiliar high
heels.  The uppity  girl found that with every piece of lint she picked up, bed 
that was made 'just right', every surface that was cleaned,  and every menial
task that used to be beneath her, took on  new meaning as she did it wearing her
humiliating outfit.

Suddenly, cleaning the room and becoming the black girl's  maid had become
sexually stimulating. 

Laura mind wondered and she began to daydream while she  continued to clean in
her sexual daze.  In her fantasy, she  was Fifi the maid, and Monique was still
in the room,  ordering her around as she cleaned.  'Come on Fifi, keep  those
legs straight and bend at the waist when you pick up  my clothes maid!  You
missed a spot in the corner Fifi,  maybe I'll have to put you over my knee and
spank your nasty  little girl ass.  Spread those scrawny legs bitch, when you 
are on your hands and knees, I want to see that wet juicy  cunt.  Come one
bitch, wiggle that flat ass when you wipe up  that spill.  Look at yourself in
the mirror Fiffi, see what  a depraved slut you've become.'

Then when she looked into the mirror, she grew wetter with  humiliation and
desire.  The heels did hurt her legs and  feet, but she saw they made her ass
and legs look extremely  sexy.  While the panties she was wearing on her head
made  her look like a dumb bimbo, her ass stuck prettily out from  the back of
her makeshift apron.

She also found that her panty-apron came in handy for wiping  up the constant
flow of pussy juice as it ran down her  thighs, threatening to ruin her new
heels.

Suddenly she heard the audio of herself cumming from the  video that was
playing.  The image of her kneeling on the  floor, hips humping in abandon, as
she buried her face in  her roommate's shorts, caught her total attention.  She
knew  she should be disgusted just watching it.  Even the very  idea that she
would sniff her roomie's nasty, smelly panties  should have disgusted her, but
the sight and sounds of it .  . . brought back the memory of her first glorious
CUM!

She so desperately wanted to do it all over again.   Frantically, she looked for
those soiled panties from  yesterday.

'I wonder if they are in that pile of panties on the floor?'  she thought.  Then
sanity returned.  Laura stopped herself!  She could wait, she had to! At least
until after she had  cleaned the room as she had been instructed.

'After that, maybe . . . just maybe.  Gotta clean the room  first then Monique's
delicates.' Laura thought, but she just  couldn't wait! Her aching cunt NEEDED
IT!

'Damn the room and my imagination!' Laura mentally cursed  herself.   She
quickly gathered all of Monique's soiled panties and  nighties up in her arms.
She tried to resist, she tried to  be strong but, 'Maybe just *one* little
sniff. What could it  hurt? Monique even said I was supposed to smell them.'
Laura  bent her head down and inhaled Monique's aroma from the lacy  garments
she was carrying.   She couldn't help herself! Maybe she could sniff them just a 
tiny bit and then finish cleaning the room.   Carefully, she laid the soiled
lingerie out on Monique's  clean bed, and then knelt down on the floor beside
the bed.    'Well, maybe I'll just go ahead and write down what I think  of each
of her panties.  After all, she did ask me to.'  Laura thought. 

Laura got a pen and piece of paper.  She also brought back a  book to write on. 
Kneeling by the bed again, she began to  rate each panty as if it were a fine
wine. 

Panty #1:  Warner's bright strips eggshell color.  They were  satiny with
vertical lines and a slight odor of sex. I  imagine you must have worn these to
class this week.  I rate  them a six. 

Panty #2:  Victoria's Secret black satin with lace front  panel.  They have a
light scent of sex and a delicate  perfume. I imagine you wore these on a date
due to the smell  of perfume.  I give them a six. 

Panty #3:  Victoria's Secret solid satin and peach in color.   These panties
reeked of sex so strongly, I could smell them  from the bed.  I also detected a
foreign odor and looking  closely I see there is a dried stain in the crotch
panel.  I  guess you had sex with your boyfriend when you wore these.    The
smell made me so horny I almost came, but the taste was  not good, so I rate
them an eight.

Laura's cheeks burned red.  'Why do I feel so jealous of her  boyfriend?' she
wondered.

Panty #4:  Haynes white cotton brief.  These have the  strongest smell so far. 
They are still damp to touch and  smell strongly of sweat and sex.  There is no
boyfriend  odor, yet the smell of your arousal is even stronger on  these than
the peach panties.  I imagine you exercised and  then masturbated while you
still wore the panties.  These  panties are the hottest so far and they make me
want to do  bad things.  The taste was slightly salty and extremely  musty. I
don't think I can bring myself to wash them.  Part  of me wants to save them for
later.  I rate them a ten. 

'Oh God, I am so fucked up!' Laura thought as she considered  how perverted she
must look right now, rating soiled  panties, like others would rate wine.  'If
this video of  what I'm doing ever got out, I would be ruined forever.' As  much
as she would have liked to have stopped, the poor  blonde couldn't help herself. 
Her will silently crumbling,  as she bent down and buried her face in her
favorite pair of  panties.   She couldn't help it! She sucked on the crotch and
began to  masturbate.

As she stroked her over-heated pussy she remembered the  events from the
previous night. In her mind, she could hear  the dark girl ordering, 'Go on! Rub
those small tits you  lezzie bitch. Finger fuck that sloppy white pussy for me 
girl. You know ya loves it!'

Laura felt another orgasm coming on strong. She couldn't  help it! She forgot
all about her instructions in the letter  and the video camera recording her
every action.  All of the  desperate girl's attention was consumed by the smell
and  taste of panties.  'I am a sub,' she thought, as she began  stroking her
enlarged clit and viscously twisting her tiny  nipple.

All she could think about . . .  all she cared about was  RELEASE!

Just then, at the most inopportune time in the world, there  was a loud knocking
at the door.  It wasn't the kind of know  that said, will you open the door
please?  Instead, was a  police knock.  The kind of knock that says, open the
door  right now, if you know what is good for you.    Then a loud very crass
female voice boomed out, "Girlfriend  let us in right now. We knows you in
there!"

'Go away please. I'm almost *there*,' Laura thought, as her  index finger began
to rub her clit even faster.

"You gots to the count of three to open this door *Lezzie  Laura*."

To be continued . . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the author.   Your comments are
their only payment.  Pursuant to the Berne  Convention, this work is copyright
with all rights reserved  by its author unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.9
by Couture
Couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations.

(c)2001 by Couture

"One!  Boy that Laura sure be one nasty pussy slut!  You can smell her from out
here," the loud voice  proclaimed for the world to hear.

'Oh God! Someone will hear her and my reputation will  be destroyed!' thought
Laura.  Reluctantly, Laura  pulled the fingers from her sex and quickly got up
off  the floor. She tore off her panty-apron and made her  way to the door.

"TWO! - Last night that white bitch done sucked my c-"

Laura opened the door open as fast as she could to  stop whoever it was out
there from ruining her  reputation with all her neighbors. She hid her naked 
aroused body behind the door, as she peered out into  the hall. She was stunned
by the sight of two large  black girls, who forced their way into the door.

"Would ya look at this Tamara, she be all ready to  partay. She already gots her
a pretty little party hat  on," said the taller of the two girls, pointing to
the  throng panties on Laura's head.

Laura jerked the small soiled panties off her head and  held them balled up in
her hand. Suddenly aware of her  nakedness, she moved both of her hands down
over her  sex and turned away from the black girls.

"Please, you must go away!" whimpered Laura.  She  pulled the sheet of Monique's
bed and clutched it in  front of her.   "Now don't you be gettin all uppity on
us girlfriend!  We your guests and we gonna crash this partay!" the  taller girl
said, as she ripped the sheet from Laura's  body.

"My name is Latanya and this here is *my* girl,  Tamara," indicating a shorter
black girl standing just  inside the door.

"Monique told us she was living with a white girl who  was turning into a lezzie
ho'. Naturally, we had ta  come on down an see her for ourselves."

"Now girl don't you be going all shy on us. Stand your  cunt up straight bitch!
Let Latanya see all your nasty  parts." Latanya pulled Laura's ear until the
blonde  stood on her tiptoes.  "Don't move, if you know what  is good for you
slut," she commanded.

Latanya walked around the blushing white girl,  inspecting her naked body from
all sides.  "You  looking good . . . for a white girl that is."    "But what
done happened to your tits and pussy hair?"

The thoroughly humiliated Laura could only stand there  blush and tear up.

"ANSWER ME!" Latanya demanded.  When Laura was not  forth coming, she reached
out and cruelly pinched her  erect left nip.

"Owww! I-I-I've never been well um e-e-endowed and I  lost my p-pubic hair in .
. . an . . . um . . .  accident," Laura replied stuttering, as she tried to 
massage the pain from her aching nipple.

"I don't think so bitch. What do you think Tamara? Heh  Heh. We think you don't
have no tits or cunt hair cuz  you be a little baby girl, just pretending to be
a full-grown woman," Latanya observed as she ran her  strong black hand over
Laura's small orbs and soft  lower belly swell.

Laura said nothing. She just looked down at the floor,  held her aching nipple,
and allowed the black girl to  take liberties with her body as she had never let
a  male.

'Please God, make them go away and leave me alone.   Don't let my body respond
like this,' Laura prayed.   "Now, you say it for me, baby girl!" Latanya
demanded,  as she plucked Laura's right nipple, this time,  twisting it.

"Ye ooooooow ie!" Laura screamed.  Tears formed in the  poor girl's eyes, as she
tried to protect her  throbbing right nip. Quickly, she tried to repeat what 
she had been told.   "I-I have small breas-ooooowwww!" cried Laura  as
her aching nipple was mauled again.

"Monique done told us, she taught you how to talk, so  don't you be sassing us.
Say's it right, slut. But  take your time.  We got's all night to learn your
ass."

"Got no tits or cunt hair, remember," warned Latanya.

"I-I got no t-t-tits or c-c-c-unt hair, cause I'm a  little  baby girl,
p-p-pretending to be a  woman," Laura repeated quickly, as tears streamed down 
her face.  In short order, Laura realized that she  would be punished for any
hesitation and she was going  to try her damnedest not to get punished again.

"I-I got no t-t-tits or c-c-c-unt hair" mocked the  black girl. Why can't you
talk right bitch, your  tongue tired from eatin' too much pussy, huh baby 
girl?" Latanya demanded, moving her hand threateningly  just above the sore left
nip.

"Yes,  my t-t-ongue is tired from licking too  much p-p-pussy." Laura
would say anything to avoid  those cruel fingers.

"See Tamara, I done told ya I could teach one of these  educated white bitches
some manners," Latanya bragged.   "Anyway girl, after I talked to Monique today,
I just  came here to see if you be a real lezzie or not."

"See, this here's my girl, Tamara," Latanya said, as  she moved behind her
shorter friend and hugged her.

"Now lookie here at her pretty panties," Latanya  demanded as she pulled her
girlfriend's skirt up and  traced her left index finger over the bright yellow 
nylon panties. The tall black girl pushed the yellow  panties into the cleft of
Tamara's pussy with her  finger and the shorter girl moaned and ground against 
her hand in response.

Latanya pulled the crotch of the panties to the side  exposing her friend's sex
to Laura's gaze.  "Mmmmm . .  . see her pretty pussy baby girl? And lookie here,
she  gots hair . . . lots of hair, like a *real* woman on  her cunt."

"Gimmie your hand baby girl," the tall girl ordered,  as she took Laura's hand
in her own.  Then she began  rubbing Laura's right hand through the black forest 
covering Tamara's cunt.   "See there! That's what a real woman cunt's got. 
That's why she's a woman and you're only a little  girlie."

Laura froze naked and watched as Latanya stripped her  smaller friend of all her
clothes except for her  panties, which were now buried in the cleft of her  sex.

Turning to Laura, she hefted one of the smaller girl's  large round black
breasts for Laura's inspection and  said, "Ahhh . . . lookie here baby girl,
take a good  look at a real WOMAN'S tit. This may be close as you  ever get.
Come on girl it ain't gonna bite ya. Go on!  Lift it up for yourself.  *Feel
it*. Why it must weigh  10 times more than your little girlie tits."

Reluctantly, Laura placed her right hand under the  large black breast and
hesitantly lifted it up. 'God,  they *are* heavy and just look at the size of
her  nipples.  They are huge!' she thought as she looked at  another woman's
breast from closer than ever before.  Strangely enough, she found its smooth
black skin,  contrasting against her own, very sexy.

"Don't ya be a'scared of it, baby girl. You can suck  on it if ya wanna. Don't
worry, Tamara will let a  pervie like ya do that!" Latanya said, as she grabbed 
Laura's ear and pushed her face between the large  black breasts. 

Laura couldn't believe it. Her head was being rubbed  all over the soft silky
breasts by Latanya, while the  shorter black girl smiled down at her.

"Well Monique done told us, you was pussy trained, but  I had to see for myself.
Okay, now for your favorite  part, baby girl. Tamara! Turn your black ass round 
here, and gimme your panties!"

Tamara turned backwards and then swiveled her large  hips as she removed her
panties under Laura's  transfixed stare.  When she was done, she bent down to 
pick them up and handed them to the taller girl.

"Now Laurie girl, take a good look at that big  beautiful black ass. I bet you'd
just love to have an  ass like that? 'stead of these little white garden  peas
ya got back here?"  The tall black girl roughly  pinched the small under-swell
of Laura's ass cheeks  making the blonde girl's legs dance, as she sought to 
escape Latanya's strong fingers.   Then, Latanya walked behind Laura and hugged
her large  muscular black arms around the cowering white girl's  thin frail
body. With one hand she began rubbing  Tamara's panties all over Laura's face
and with her  other Latanya alternatively teased her blond victim's  nipples and
clit. "Answer the question dummy!"

"Y-yes, I would like to have an ass like that,"  replied Laura.

Latanya pushed the blonde down to her knees, "Baby  girl, reach out and feel
that beautiful black ass. You  knows you love it!"

A horrified Laura could only kneel helplessly,  smelling Tamara's sweet arousal,
emanating from both  from the panties and her sex.  She reached her hand up  . .
. hesitated and pulled it back slightly, then  gently stroked the firm ass flesh
of Tamara.

"Tamara, spread them cheeks so white slut here can see  inside. Oh and back up
so our little baby girl can  really sees the best parts," Latanya commanded.

Tamara reached back and spread her ass cheeks wide  open. Then she leaned
forward, projecting her ass into  the white girls face, exposing her dripping
pussy and  puckered rosette to Laura wide eyes.

"See this here Laura?" Latanya pushed Laura's face  forward just inches away
from the dark hairy pussy  spread before her.   "This here be a woman's cunt.
You  done ate one of these before haven't you?  Now don't  you be lying to big
Latanya now or I'll whup your  narrow ass."

Laura could only nod her head, she was too embarrassed  to admit to this
controlling black woman what she had  done, but she knew better than to lie.
However, her  right nip was tweaked harshly again.

"Oww!" Laura cried.  She had obeyed, why had she been  punished again?

"I done told you *baby*, answer me and do it right and  call me Mistress or
ma'am, my little girlie cunt."

 "Yes, I-I've eaten c-c-cunt ma'am!" Laura  struggled to get the words
out.  Yes, she had licked a  woman's vagina before, but she didn't do it because 
she wanted to.  They sort of just expected it and she  felt she owed it to them.  
But, having to say *eat  cunt*, made it seem like she had wanted to do it.  
Made it sound as if she were a lesbian or worse . . .  *a sub*.

"Sho' nuff! Well if you done ate cunt, then you at  least be bisexual sweet
meat. Cuz, once ya done it, you always gonna want to eat cunt, understand?"

"Yes, I understand ma'am, I-I'll always want to  ah..eat cunt."

Latanya grabbed Laura's blond hair, twisted it to get  a firm grip, and forced
her face just in front of  Tamara's rosette.

"See this here? This here be a nasty asshole," Latanya  said as she tapped a
finger on the shorter girl's  exposed brownie.

"You ever eat a nasty asshole, baby girl?"

"No ma'am . . . I nev-never eaten a g-girl's ass,"  Laura replied.

"Good! Cause, if you ever eat a woman's asshole, you  be her bitch for life."

See Tamara here, she's my 'BITCH'! She eats out  my ass when I want her too.  If
she ever gets the  notion, she's better'n me, she will always remember rimming
her *better's* brownie."   "I'll never respect her again cuz' . . . in my mind, 
she'll always be the bitch with her tongue stuck up my  ass."

"Now baby girl, do you wants to eat Tamara's ass out  and be our bitch?"

Laura eyes beheld the puckered hairy shrouded hole and  shook her head
vigorously, and answered in a whisper,  "No ma'am!"

"Good, I be your first, okay baby girl? Move on  forward and get your face down
under here. That way  you'll get a good look at that pretty pussy of hers."  
"Come on, now don't hang back there. Move your head  under and in closer. 
That's my little baby girl," the  tall black girl demanded as she pushed Laura's
face a  fraction of an inch away from Tamara's dripping cunt.  The thick black
kinky bush rubbed against her soft  white cheeks.   "Smells good, don't it?"
Latanya said, as she dipped  her finger in Tamara's delicate folds and rubbed
the  wet index finger under Lana's nose and against her  lips.

"Lookie here at how wet it is. She be all hot, just  for you. See how much she
likes ya?"

Laura tried to hold her breath, but eventually she  caved in and inhaled
Tamara's aroma. The shorter  girl's erotic musk made Laura so horny she began to 
lose control of her body once again.

"You want's just a little taste? Ya know's ya wanna,  sweet meat. Don't you be
lyin to me!"  Latanya  spanked the blonde's ass as she forced her pretty
face  into Tamara's wet pussy.

"Mmphhh..." Laura moaned into the girl's pussy keeping  her lips tightly shut,
so that she wouldn't actually  have to lick this ignorant girl's sex.  After
all,  there was no telling how many people she had slept  with.

A smiling Latanya reached down and began toying with  the blonde girl's denuded
sex and nipples.

"That's it girl.  Don't be shy. Get your nasty self  right on in there. Now
don't you be teasin my bitch .  . . put that little pussy lapper to work. You
knows  how, don't you?  Now don't you be movin them hands,  all you needs ta
think about is lickin that black  pussy, bitch!"

Under Latanya's exacting direction, Laura began  licking Tamara's flowing sex as
she had been taught  earlier in the day by Dr. Adams and the Goth Goddess.  It
was the same and still different, but it was so  good!!

"That's it baby girl.  Eat her pussy, bitch! You  know's you want to do a good
job for her. Don't cha' girlie cunt?"

Latanya rewarded the submissive blonde's efforts, by  stroking Laura's red
swollen clit faster and faster as  the blonde's enthusiasm increased.   "You
know what? You be Tamara's first white bitch  pussy lapper. You like that don't
ya baby girl??"

"Oh yeah! This here gonna be your new place. Whenever  you see's us, you be down
on your hands and knees  waiting for some cunt to lick!" Latanya said, as she 
began to spank Laura's ass.      "That's my good little white cunt
lapper!  Keep'a  working on that beautiful black pussy for me, while I  get
something out of my goodie bag just for your  narrow ass."

Latanya forced the blonde's face so deep in Tamara's  cunt that it forced
Laura's pert nose into the tight  dark rosette.

"Now don't you be doing that, if you gonna be  somebody's bitch, you gonna be
mine. So, don't you be lickin her nasty ass," Latanya cautioned.

'That last thing I want to be is Latanya's bitch. FUCK  NO! I can't be, she is
so -- so crude and cruel and  she always talks so ugly to me.'

'On the other hand, Tamara seemed like such a nice  girl though. She has such a
pretty body; so big and  black, a womanly body, a big black womanly body.'

'It might not be so bad being Tamara's bitch,' Laura  thought. 'Wait, what am I
thinking?  I don't want to  be anyone's bitch.  I am a college student, soon to
be  a graduate, and a career woman; not some kind of  *sub*,' she realized in
horror.

Standing bent over for the ministrations of the little  white slut's tongue, had
caused Tamara's muscular  thighs to weaken. So she bent down to her hands and 
knees. All the while, Laura faithfully followed her  pussy, and continued to eat
her rapidly flowing cunt  from behind.   Meanwhile, Tanya retrieved a pair of
handcuffs from  her bag. When she turned around, she noticed that  Laura had had
begun to playing with herself while she  continued to lick Tamara's pussy.

"Damn it! You horny little bitch! I turn my back on  you for one second and you
start playing with that  nasty thing!" Latanya bellowed as she spanked Laura's 
red smarting ass.

 "Bitch  I  didn't  say   you 
could  play   with  yo  SMELLY  TWAT!"

Disgusted, Latanya took the handcuffs and fastened  Laura's arms behind her
back. With Laura's arms  immobilized behind her back, she once again leaned 
forward, and pressed her face in Tamara's musky cunt.

"That'll fix you from strokin' that nasty hole without  permission, baby girl!"
Latanya said.   The handcuffs made things much more difficult for  Laura. She
couldn't balance her upper body on her arms  anymore, so she had to stick her
ass out attempting to  distribute her body weight evenly. She wished the nice 
black girl would move back to make things easier on  her.  Instead, she appeared
to be moving forward just  out of Laura's reach.

"Latanya, your white slut is falling down on the job.   I don't think she likes
me no mo'.  Look at that lazy  bitch.  She's barely lappin my pussy," said
Tamara.   "B-But-" Laura tried to explain.

Latanya was lying on the bed, luxuriating in the scene  before her.  It was
amusing to watch Laura struggle to  tongue the pussy that was just out of her
reach.

Grinning wickedly, Latanya lifted up her leg and  placed her high-heeled shoe in
between Laura's stuck  out ass cheeks. She shifted around till the heel was  in
position. Then, without warning, she gave a push,  driving the pointed stiletto
heel deeply into Laura's  dry tight virginal brownie.

The effect was immediate. Laura squealed as she was  penetrated and fell face
forward right into Tamara's  sweaty ass.   
Laura attacked the  dark girl's cunt with renewed vigor. 

"Ahhh...I don't know what you'se done Latanya. But ...  Mmmm. Do it again! ...
Mmmmm .. Oh yeah. That sho  'nuff did the trick on this bitch.  Mmmmm"

Laura sucked and licked Tamara's pussy for all she was  worth; anything to keep
the rock hard pointy high heel  from stabbing her ass hole again. Her mouth and
nose  were all that supported her forward body weight.  As a  result, her nose
was embedded in the black girl's  brownie and Tamara's pussy was so far in the
blonde's  mouth, it was hard to breath.

While the blonde worked on her lover's pussy, Latanya  leaned over and began to
tease the laboring white  girl's denuded sex. She stroked it, fingered it, and 
spanked it.  She even pinched it!

'Hee Hee. I've got this here white slut right where I  want her. The little cunt
even be pushing back against  my fingers, when I pinched her big clit,' Latanya 
thought.

About half hour later, Tamara had climaxed three times  on Laura's skillful
tongue. Yet, Laura had not been  granted an orgasm. She was desperate for any
form of  release. Right now, she was rocking her ass back and  forth, the
pointie heel of Lantanya's shoe slid in and  out of the blonde's ass.



 "Laura, it's me, Beth.  Are you in there  Princess?"

  "pssst...Princess-Panty, it's me,  Goddess Goth.  Let me in,"
whispered Beth from outside  the door.

'Thank God, it's Beth.  Maybe she will scare these  crazy bitches off!' Laura
thought with relief.

"Come on in Beth, join the fun.  The door is  unlocked!" Latanya shouted to the
girl in the hall. 

As she entered, Beth could only stand there, gaping in  shock and jealousy at
the scene before her.  Her Princess was down on her knees with her arms  cuffed
behind her back, eating out a naked black  girl's pussy. While another fully
clothed black girl  sat behind her, pushing the heel of her shoe in her  blonde
girlfriend's ass. It appeared she was pushing  her Princess back and forth into
the other girl's  cunt.

"What a bad host blondie is for not introducing us.    But, I guess the *cat*
has got baby girl's tongue. My  name's Latanya and that there is Tamara. I guess
you  already know baby girl down there, don't you Beth  baby?" Latanya told the
dumbstruck Goth.

"Damn girl! It's rude to stand there gawkin, come on  in and close the damn door
behind you.  What's with  all that black shit you wearin?  You look like a damn 
vampire or somethin."

"I'm expressing my individuality," replied Beth, while  she covetously looked on
with lust at her Princess,  her Laura.

"Your friend Laura, she sure is a looker ain't she?   She luvs some pussy that
girl. Well Gothie, you want to get you some of that tongue workin on your 
pussy?  Well, do you?"

"Um ...uh .. well ..Yes..." Beth stammered

"Go on get undressed Gothie.  Laura's got enough  tongue for all of us, that
girl do love her work.   Hurry up or you'll miss your chance girl, you don't 
wanna hurt baby girl's feelins do ya?"

As the Goth girl stripped her black cloths, her snow  white alabaster skin
emerged. Latanya loved it! This  bitch would be a great addition to her stable.
'My  homies in the 'hood be tripping over their dicks to  get um in that white
skinned whore,' she thought.

"Good girl, you have such pretty white skin Gothie,"  Latanya encouraged the
stripping girl she lusted for.

"Tamara, you get on up out of there," Latanya told  Tamara, who was hesitant to
give up the pleasure she  was receiving.

"Now, Bitch! We've got's us some guest pussy waiting.  Gothie here's got's an
achin' for bitch's tongue. Let  our little pussy lapper here have a go at this
nice  lily white girl's puss."

Tamara reluctantly gave up the tongue licking her  pussy and stood up on very
shaky legs.

The two black girls stood around and watched the now  naked Goth girl lead the
kneeling blonde to the edge  of the bed.  Then the Goth girl sat down
comfortably  on the bed, spreading her pale white legs wide in  front of Laura's
slimy face.

She petted her pussy and encouraged the blonde girl,  "C'mon Princess! C'mon
..girl .. Just like today ..  Remember? You like to lick my pussy. Don't ya
girl?"

A very tired Laura looked up at the familiar white  face and then at the
familiar black haired pussy. The  smell was familiar and she began licking
again. It  seemed that was all she did anymore.  It was a relief  for her
though, because Beth was much nicer to Laura.   Beth stroked Laura's hair as her
pussy was eaten.   "Good girl .. Princess! Come on like today .. Use yo-- Oh!"
she exclaimed, when she saw the handcuffs.

"Latanya, can you undo her hands? I want her to use  her fingers in me. She's
real good at that, okay?"

"Sure thing Gothie, anything to make you more  comfortable. Pussy licker here be
one talented slut  ain't she?"

Beth didn't really care for the way these girls were  calling her Princess bad
names.  She called her  Princess Panty sure, but that was a term of  endearment. 
'Well, maybe Laura's into a little harder  stuff than I thought, I guess I'll
have to be a little  tougher in order to keep her for myself,' Beth  thought.

Latanya uncuffed Laura's hands from behind her back,  watching the proceedings
with great interest.

"Bitch, you be keeping them hands in Gothie gal, and  away from your nasty
pussy. You move um from your  white friend's pussy and I'll shave your pretty
blonde  head tonight, you understand me?" she hissed into  Laura's ear.   Laura
vigorously nodded her head in response.

Tamara sat down on the bed behind Beth's ghostly white  body. She reached around
and began to caress the stiff  pink nipples capping the Goth's alabaster orbs.
All  the while, Laura licked the white girl's black-haired  sex. Beth was in
heaven, as she was pleasured by two  girls at one time.  Then through the foggy
haze of the  sexually induced high, she didn't resist as she felt  her hands
being pulled behind her back and down toward  the black girl's pussy.

But then, just as she felt the kinky soft pubic  hair...



Beth felt the cuffs close around her wrists, holding  them solidly behind her
own back.

"Hey! What's going on here? Let me GO!" the naked Goth  said, as she struggled
futilely against Tamara, who  held her firmly by her breasts from behind.

A smiling Latanya reached in her large bag and pulled  out an aerosol can and a
black leather riding crop.  "You white bitches be boring us. Got's no style
doing  the dirty! Be time to spice up this here partay!"

"Tamara baby, reach down there and hold them fat pink  pussy lips open for me. 
You get your face out 'of her  pussy, baby girl."    "Now then Gothie gal, we're
gonna to spray this  'Prolong' stuff way up inside your nasty little cunt. 
That's gonna make it real hard for ya to feel anything let alone, cumie cum,
bitch!" she said as she was  spraying the noxious smelling liquid up in between
the  Goth's held open pussy lips.

"And if you move them little baby hands from doing  Gothies gals cunt, I'm gonna
have to shave all that  pretty blonde hair off'n your head bitch. I promise  you
be REAL popular with my friends in the 'hood when  I tell em, you be a skin head
racist bitch!"



"Now! Get that tongue busy bitch!"



"This hurts you a lot worse than it hurts me! I know's  that! Hah-hah"



"That's it! Lick that cunt like you mean it slut!"



"Mmmmphhh -- glom -- glom." Laura stuck her fingers  deep into the Goth's pussy,
massaging the girl's G- spot as she had been taught earlier in the day.

Laura did her best to please Beth and not think about  the crop as it welted her
aching ass. But, eventually  the dull burning sensation increased until she 
couldn't stand it anymore.  She licked and counted the  seconds in between each
blow. 



'One one thousand.  Two one thousand.  No please, not  another!'

 

Latanya's labor was turning Laura's smooth white ass  into two swollen pink
moons criss-crossed with angry  red welts. She found the sight of the trembling
ass  and the solid thud of the crop quite satisfying.  She  had never spanked a
white girl, but she quickly found  that she LOVED IT!  A black girl's ass could
never  turn such a beautiful shade of red. 

As the black girl continued to apply new welts to the  white girl's ass, she
knew it wouldn't be long until  Laura couldn't stand it anymore. She could
already see  the signs. The girl was crying into Beth's pussy while  her ass
absorbed the relentless onslaught. She wasn't  even trying to escape the blows
anymore, she had  realized the futility and now only tensed her ass  before each
blow that fell, then humping her hips  delightfully after the crop contacted her
tender  flesh.

"Oww! Please Latanya have mercy!" Laura cried out when  she couldn't take the
pain anymore.

"Does my widdle baby girl's ass hurt?" Latanya asked,  as she began tracing
Laura's labia and opening with  the crop, while the blonde passively allowed her
pussy  to be explored.

'Oh yes, she's quickly learning that this white  childish body belongs to me..."
thought Latanya, as  she penetrated Laura's glistening cunt with the knobby 
handle of the crop.

"Get back to licking Gothie's pussy, baby girl or I'll  start workin' on your
ass again."

The sobbing blonde shoved her face back in Beth's dark  matted sex and started
to hungrily lick again. She  shifted position and began sucking on the pale
girl's  clit, while she ran circles around the little nubbin  with her oh so
sore tongue.

"Ahhh OOOO Princess! Keep doing that. Make me cum. Oh  God! Do it harder ...
again .. oh please  Make me feel  it!" Beth thrust her pussy in Laura's face
trying to  *feel* anything.  She grew increasingly frustrated  watching the
gorgeous blonde get whipped and eat her  cunt with abandon, yet being so number,
she could not  feel it enough to get off.

Latanya brought Laura's hungry cunt almost to the  point of orgasm.  Watching
with wicked glee, while the  pretty blonde humped her sex on the crop, but at
the  last second . . . she rudely jerked it out from  between the blond's nether
lips.  Then, she turned the  crop around and began again whipping the blond
girls  thighs with sharp stinging blows.   

"Oh yeah Bitch. You whities look good playing  together. I likes watching ya'll
do the dirty," Latanya sneered. "Don't it make your pussy wet to see  the goings
on of whitie, Tamara?"



"Come on Gothie, don't you want ta help out your  little Princess? All you got's
to do is cum! That's  all . . .  just one little *cum* and then you can  rescue
your Panty Princess from this mean ol'  spankin."

Maybe havin the blond slut lick your cunt doesn't turn  you on enough.  Maybe
you got's to think some nastier  thoughts Gothie!"

"I know Gothie, think about my black ass ridin up top  of those black lips of
yours, while you be rimmin my  nasty brownie ... Oh yeah, I can look in your
eyes and  tell you liked that Gothie."

Beth said nothing as Laura's tongue went on and on.   However, instead of
thinking about Latanya, she  thought about how it would feel to have Laura lick 
*her* ass.  She imagined dressing Laura up just like a  TV princess and then
sitting on the blonde's face,  while Laura service her from below.  Just the
thought  of the image caused Beth's cunt to throb, letting her  know that an
orgasm was not impossible. 

After the crop had turned Laura's thighs a brilliant  shade of red, Latanya
moved down and began working on  the blonde's shaking calves.

"You wanna eat some ass now baby girl? Hmmm. You gonna  do the nasty for me? I
needs me a white bitch at home.  One to eat out all my girlfriends. Come on
girl, move  those hands down so I can shave that blonde mop of  hair!"

Laura was out of her mind by the time the crop started  spanking the inside of
her thighs, causing the crying  blonde to spread her legs wide so the crop
wouldn't  hit the same place every time.

'Please someone help me!' she thought.

It was torture not to be able to protect her ass from  the crop, but Laura
couldn't bear the thought of  losing all her beautiful hair.  The loss of her
pubes  was bad enough, but losing her golden tresses! No way!




"Ow Fuck!" Laura cried when she felt blows from the  crop land on her tiny left
breast and then alternate  to the other breast.  She worked Beth's pussy like
her  life depended on it. She fucked three fingers rapidly  in the girl's cunt,
while she sucked frantically on  Beth's clit.



"That's it Princess! Fuck my pussy baby! Oh God! Don't  worry about hurting it,
just  m-make me cum for  you," Beth moaned deliriously.



The crop smacked wetly as it connected with the  swollen lips of Laura's red
cunt, causing her copius  secretions to fly in all directions.

"Eeeeeiiiiii!!!!" she cried as she looked pleadingly  up at Goddess Goth with
tear streaked mascara running  down her red-rimmed eyes.



Another blow of the crop landed on Laura's defenseless  cunt.

'I just can't hold out much longer. Only a few more  seconds and I'll beg her to
shave my head,' Laura  thought.

She sucked hard on the Goth's girl's clit, hitting it  with her tongue as hard
as she could, and working a  finger into Beth's tight asshole.

"Oh! Oh Fuck! There!!! Oh god! It's . . .  Princess!  Baby . . .  I'm cumming
baby! I'm cumming . . . All  for you!  Ah . . . Ah--Ahhhhhhh!" the Goth girl
cried  out, bucking her hips spastically as the rest of her  body collapsed.

Latanya was not going to be denied! She directed an  even harder blow directly
up between Laura's reddened  sex lips connecting with her clit, causing the wet
cum  to splatter everywhere.



"Arghgharhggrfuid!!!" Laura cried out. She couldn't  help herself! Her hands
flew down cupped her tender  denuded sex lips with her hands.

"Bitch, I done tole' you not to move them hands off of  Gothie down there, but
you went and done it anyway.  Gonna have ta shave that pretty blonde head of
yours  now. You gone' be my smoothie bitch," Latanya informed  the sobbing
Laura.

"*No*! Please don't. Please! Not my hair. I couldn't  help it. I tried! I really
did!" Laura bawled  helplessly.

Latanya took a pair of clippers out of her bag and  walked menacingly towards
Laura who had crawled back  and was now huddled crying in the corner.

Beth stood up, with her hands cuffed behind her back,  and placed her body
between Laura and the menacing  black girl.

"Come on Latanya, this has gone far enough. Please  leave Laura beautiful hair
alone.  Besides, it's so  beautiful," Beth tried to reason with the menacing 
woman.

However, Latanya's resolve did not waiver.  "She done  broke the rules Gothie,
so someone's gone' have ta'  kneel down at my feet and get they head shaved. I 
don't give a shit who it is."

"Don't worry," Beth said, as she bent down and kissed  Laura on the lips. "It
will be alright Princess," she  said before kneeling down at Latanya's feet.

Smiling, Latanya began to cut the Goth's longer pitch  black hair with the
clippers.  Laura kept her eyes  glued to the floor.  She was ashamed she had let
Beth  take her punishment for her and began to cry in  sympathy as she watched
clumps of black hair fall to  the floor, while the angry buzz of the clippers
droned  on. Laura couldn't help herself and she looked up and  was stunned by
the transformation of her friend.  The  once scary Goth, now looked pale and
weak, as she  submitted to Latanya's administrations.  'No, she's  not weak,"
thought Laura, as she became ashamed of  herself, "Weak, is someone who gets her
friend in  trouble and doesn't try to help."

Laura couldn't tear her eyes away from the sight of  Latanya coating Beth's head
in shaving cream and then  shaving it from front to back with long swaths.  
"Hey Gothie you be real sweet on Blondie over there  don't cha'? Your smooth
head is gone' feel real nice  next to my pussy tonight," Latanya said, as she
shaved  the remainder of the dark stubble from Beth's head.   When she was done,
she applied some baby oil and  rubbed it in making the now denuded white skin
shine.

"You know Gothie, I believe Blondie had more hair than  you, so I believes you
still owes me some hair, bitch!  Lay down on your back and spread them boney
white legs  open wide so as I get at that fuckin hairy bush of  yours," Latanya
demanded.

Beth was mortified.  She couldn't believe how these  two girls had successfully
rendered her so helpless.   If she just had her hands free, she could protect 
herself and Laura too.  But, as it was, she could only  go along with whatever
they had planned, until she  could get free. Not having another option, Beth
rolled  over, the hard tile floor hurting her arms that were  cuffed behind her. 
Then, she obediently spread her  lean legs as she had been ordered.

As Latanya proceeded to shave Beth's pussy, Tamara  tried to place a ball gag in
the Goth girl's mouth.  Beth struggled violently to fight her off.  She looked 
to Laura for help, but the scared girl was still  uselessly curled up in the
corner with her eyes  closed.

"Now don't you move your cunt now, Gothie. Be a real  shame to have them lips
clipped up or cut off down  there," Tamara cautioned the struggling girl.

Defeated again, Beth ceased her struggles while her  pussy was shaved and the
gag was put deep into her  mouth. She had lost all control of the situation and 
resigned herself to the hopelessness of her situation.  Her hands were still
secured behind her and now she  couldn't shout for help. She and Laura were both
naked  and at the mercy of whatever these two psychos had  planned. For the
first time since she was a child,  tough Goth broke down and began to cry.

Latanya looked down crying Goth on the floor and  smiled.  Then she turned and
commanded the blonde  huddled in the corner, "Okay, little baby bitch! Lay  on
top of your little girlfriend. Come on! On your  hands and knees bitch, pussy to
face." 

Laura snapped out of her daze and rushed to obey.  She  had no intention of
angering the black woman and  risking additional punishment.  The young blonde 
quickly crawled over to Beth, hesitated only  momentarily when she noticed her
tears, then straddled  the shaven girl below her.  Latanya took off her own 
clothes, looking proudly down at her new conquests.   'Two bitches for the price
of one,' she thought  smugly.

"Okay Bitch, we gonna play a new game now," the black  girl said, as she sprayed
her own pussy with the  Prolong, "and here be the rules."

"You ever been fucked in the ass Laura?" Latanya  asked, as she poked
experimentally at Laura's tightly  clenched anal pucker.

"N-n-never ma'am," Laura replied.  The poor girl was  in obvious pain, as she
her rear door was explored by  the dry digit.  She dared not try reach back and
stop  Latanya, so she did the only thing she could, which  was clench her little
grommet tightly to prevent  entry.

"Good, this gonna be even more fun," Latanya said, as  she looked lustfully at
the white virgin. 

"See Laura, whenever you give your ass to someone, it  means you give um your
whole body. You gonna beg me to  take your ass and when you do, your white
little baby  girl body going ta belongs to *LATANYA*."   "Tamara's goin ta whip
your ass with that mean ol'  crop until your spreads them pretty cheeks and beg
me.  Please! Missah Latanya, Please! I begs ya to  take my ass cherry."

Then Tamara here is gone teach you all about the joys  of ass fucking. Gonna
fuck your ass like a mug. Ya  gonna be soo open, you be able to handle a bus
back  there!" Latanya taunted the white girl who was  trembling in fear. 	
"Tamara, show her big black," Latanya commanded.

Tamara reached into the bag and brought out a large  black dildo.  The surface
of it had several large  ridges and was covered with gnarly veins. Tamara had 
big hands, but her long fingers couldn't even reach  around the dildo's massive
girth. Laura stomach  dropped and she almost passed out upon seeing the 
monumental black dildo Tamara proudly displayed.  'God  it must be over a foot
long and 4 inches wide.   There's no way that can go inside me!' Laura fearfully 
pondered.  However, a small part of her was also  excited and wondered how it
would feel to be filled  and stretched by the black monster.

"Please don't ma'am, it will tear me apart!" Laura  begged, groveling before
Lantanya's knees.

"Don't worry baby girl, she's not gonna use Big Black  first, she gonna work up
to it.  First, she gone use  that one.  That be 'bout the size of one of your
white  boys."

Laura watched Tamara strap a six inch dildo onto her  waist, inserting the small
head of it into her own sex  and then bobbing it up and down menacingly.

"Baby girl, you be able to stop Tamara anytime, by  either making me cum or
beggin to eat my asshole,"  Latanya said, as she pinched Laura's hard nipples 
until the blonde girl's face grimaced in pain.  "You  know's what happens when
you eat someone's ass; so you  goin ta either make me cum or Latanya's gonna own
baby  girl body and soul."

Then Latanya let go of Laura's erect teats and pinched  Beth's nose and forced
her bald head back, until she  stared directly at the slick lips of the black
girl's  thick-lipped cunt.  "Gothie, or should I say Baldie,  you got's the best
seat in the house.  So watch close  now and try to learn from Baby Girl, cuz
your bony ass  is next!" Latanya laughed scornfully.

  

The crop cracked as it pelted Laura's already abused  ass.

'I'm so sorry I dragged you into this too Beth!' Laura  thought ruefully, as she
leaned forward and began the  odorous task of licking Latanya's hairy black
pussy.   'I'll make it up to you somehow. I promise...'

. . . to be continued.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.10
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations.

(c) 2001 Couture

Chapter X

Laura's knees ached uncomfortably, as she knelt down  on the cold tile floor in
her dorm.  However, the pain  in her knees was nothing compared to the burning
on  her bottom.  The crop was unmerciful and  unpredictable, as its blows left a
trail of welts in  its wake.  Tamara, who Laura at first took for a kind  and
lovely girl, was an unsympathetic and harsh task  mistress and applied the crop
with great skill.



Tamara had been whipped many times before, so she knew  just how to get the job
done from first hand  experience.  She angled the rapidly falling blows 
upwards, just under the swell of the blonde girl's ass  in a staccato like
fashion.  Tamara smiled with  pleasure, as she watched the poor blonde humping
her  hips inward in hopes of escaping the painful crop.



When Laura was first given her task of making Latanya  cum.  She knew she had
her work cut out for her,  especially after the evil bitch sprayed that horrible 
tasting anesthetic on her pussy.  Laura knew her only  chance to make her cum,
was to give the awful woman's  clit, everything she had.  She sucked it, she
slapped  her tongue across it, and gently nibbled the swollen  nub.  Finally, it
seemed Latanya had begun to respond  and grind her hips against Laura's face. 
The  distraught blonde heart leapt for joy when she felt  the black girl's
reaction.  Maybe, just maybe, they  wouldn't stick that huge dildo up her ass.



However, to her dismay, Tamara kept striking just  under the lower swell of
Laura's ass cheeks with the  leather crop.  Soon, it became too much to bear and 
Laura's hips fled the offending instrument of sadism. 

Beth, who was still trapped underneath Laura,  anguished over what she could do
to help her friend.   Her hands were still cuffed and she was gagged, which 
made things difficult.  However, the blonde's bare sex  glistened and beckoned
her.  She raised her head up  and began to rub her nose through to folds of
Laura's  sex and press the ball gag against Laura's clit.  She  did what she
could to lessen her Princess's torment.



Laura gasped with pleasure and forgot the crop for  just a moment, as she
enjoyed the feelings of Beth's  exploring nose.  The young blonde leaned forward
and  drank the nectar leaking from the mouth of Latanya's  cunt.

'Who would have thought that tonight would turn out to  be one of the best
nights of my life?  Just look at  that beautiful white slut work on my pussy. 
God!  I  would never have imagined that I could turn someone so  pretty into my
bitch.' Latanya thought, as she enjoyed  the servicing from Laura's soft tongue.




"EEEaaaarrrrggggeeellmummph!" The blonde cried into  the black girl's hairy
cunt.

'No, it wouldn't be long now, before she would beg to  have her ass fucked. 
They always did,' Latanya  thought as she stroked her victim's pretty blonde 
hair. 'Good thing I didn't have to shave you, sweet  meat.'



"Hummmfffllslruperl"

"Peefllerreee . . . " Laura cried, as she tried to  pull her face from Latanya's
pussy.



'Here we are.  It's all down hill from here, my small- titted baby slut.'
Latanya said to herself.  She  didn't have to hear Laura, in order to know what
the  uptight blonde wanted.

"Didn't yo momma teach your white ass not to talk with  your mouthful?" demanded
Latanya as she released  Laura's head and allowed the white girl to speak.

"Huh...(gasp)eoowww...(sniff) prease...I'll rew it,"   She cried as she reached
back and held her ass cheeks  open, after massaging away at the burning pain. 
Laura  hoped Latanya could understand her, because the  Prolong had numbed her
tongue and lips, making it  difficult to speak.



"Say it right bitch!" Tamara demanded, as she worked  the crop over Laura's
newly exposed inner recesses.

"P-p-rease! (Oww) Miss Lathanya, P-p-prease! I'm  regging you (Gasp!) do dake my
ass c-c-cherry!"

"That's my baby girl.  That wasn't so bad now was it?"  Latanya said as she
wiped the tears from Laura's eyes,  before pushing the young blonde's head
deeply into her  cunt again.  "I think you is gonna like this next part  much
better." 

Tamara opened a bottle of lube and then coated her  fingers with it and then
began to smear the cold jelly  on Laura's ass.

Laura couldn't see anything except for the matted- haired cunt in front of her,
but she was much relieved  when she felt a cool liquid being rubbed on her 
burning ass cheeks.  'God! That feels wonderful,' she  thought.  Then, she felt
the thick jelly being rubbed  over ever inch of her ass flesh and then between
her  cheeks. Laura obediently spread the cheeks of her  bottom, so that Tamara
could rub the soothing jelly on  the more difficult to reach areas. Laura didn't
have long to wait.  Soon, Tamara's smooth  fingers pressed a handful of KY
against Laura's little  brownie and then traced smaller and smaller circles to 
the center.

'Oh God, here it goes!' Laura thought, as she felt a  finger at the mouth of her
tight opening.  Nothing had  ever penetrated her there before and Laura dreaded
how  it would feel.  Everything she had heard before led  her to believe that
not only was it painful, but it  was sinful as well. 

The finger pressed against the tight grommet, the  wiggled in.  "Ugh," Laura
groaned, as she was  penetrated.  It felt unnatural for something to be  going
in a hole that, till now, everything had always  gone out of.  "That's strange,"
Laura thought, as the  finger was withdrawn and then re-inserted, pushing  more
of the lubricant inside, "it feels kinda nice.'

"MMMMMMMmmmm . . ." the white girl moaned loudly into  Latanya's pussy, as her
innermost recesses were  explored by Tamara's questing digit. 

"See baby girl, I knew you would take to ass fuckin'.   I knows you can't see
back there so I'se tell you  what's going on."

"Right now, Tamara's lubin up that tiny dildo dat's  strapped to her puss, while
she's lookin at your  little ol' brownie just beggin to be fucked."

Laura felt something large pressing against her tight  sphincter.  The
frightened blonde lurched forward into  Latanya's pussy, as she tried to flee
from the large  dildo.

"Feel that baby girl?  That be the head of the dildo  pushin at your tight ass. 
Now you was the one a  beggin for the dildo a minute ago, so you better mind 
and stop your squirmin," Latanya demanded.

Laura held still for fear of getting whipped by the  crop again, as Tamara
gripped her by the hips and  pulled her back until the dildo was snuggled
between  the cheeks of her bottom.

"Spread those legs for me now, sweat meat," Latanya  told the trembling blonde.

Laura reluctantly spread her legs widely, leaving  herself defenseless before
Tamara. 

"Now, be a good girl and arch your back for me and it  won't hurt so bad,"
encouraged Latanya.

Laura burned with humiliation as she arched her back  and rolled her ass up. 
She knew that if anyone came  into the room to rescue her, they would see her in 
such a sluttish position and assume she *wanted* it.  That she was begging to
have her ass fucked by these  two strangers.

"That's my baby girl.  Just relax that virgie brownie  as much as you can.  If
you try to fight it, it's  gonna hurt chore ass somethin' awful!"

The dildo pressed threateningly against Laura's  tightly clenched pucker, as
Laura tried to relax her  clenched muscles.

"Give it to the little bitch now!" Latanya shouted,  causing Laura to tighten in
fear.

'Wait, give me just a moment!' Laura tried to say, but  it was muffled by
Latanya's pussy.

'Ow Ow Ow, fuck that hurts' Laura thought, as she felt  the head of the dildo
batter past her inner defenses,  stabbing into her guts.

"Come on, relax girlie. Give that body to Latanya.   Just repeat after me
girlie, Latanya owns my body, I  give up anything she wants."    Laura felt the
dildo sliding deeper and deeper into  her virginal ass.  "Huuuuueeewwwww." She
groaned into  Latanya's cunt as unyielding plastic deflowered her  nether
cherry.  'Nobody owns me!  I'm my own person!'  Laura thought.  She was unable
to stop the violation  and plunder of her body, but she wasn't going to give  up
her mind.

"See, that wasn't so bad. Was it baby girl?  Now  *FUCK* her ass with it
Tamara."

"Waith!  Prease waith! Leth me ged used do id.  Jush a  (Huuueeewww-gasp)
s-s-shecond" Laura tried to whine  with her numb tongue, as the dildo was
withdrawn  completely from her ass.

"Repeat what I tole you baby girl and look at my eyes  when you say it," Latanya
ordered the defeated girl.

Laura resisted the black girl, as best as she was  able.  'No! You can't make me
say it!' Laura's mind  rebelled.  Then, suddenly she felt the dildo stab into 
her to the hilt without any warning.

"Awwwwwggggguuuuuudddd!" cried Laura, before adding  quickly, "Lathanya owns my
borry, I gib up anyshing  she wwwwwhhhheeee-oonntttsssss!!!!" A moan escaped 
Laura's lips as the dildo withdrawn until it was  outside of Laura's anus once
again.  Before Laura  could prepare herself for the inevitable penetration,  the
dildo was battered past her tensed muscles and it  was driven completely back
into her ass again.

The dildo resumed its course in one fluid motion and  Laura begged internally
for a pause.  However, she  knew the only way to get Tamara to stop was by
making  Latanya cum.  Laura stuck her tongue deep in the black  girl's cunt with
renewed vigor, in order to achieve  her goal.  However, she realized suddenly
that she  couldn't even feel her tongue anymore, due to all the  Prolong Latanya
had sprayed in her cunt.  It was then  that the blonde knew how fucked she was.
Because, no  matter what she did, the humbled blonde wouldn't be  able to get
the vicious black girl off by licking her  pussy. 

'She's going to make sure I lick her ass,' Laura cried  silently, as the dildo
was withdrawn once again.  The  hapless blonde tried her best to relax her
sphincter  as she felt the bulbous head being withdrawn.  'I've  got to relax .
. . I've got to give it up to her . . .  ' However, the feeling of the cold air
shocked Laura's  insides, causing her to clamp down again.

"Say it again Bitch!" Latanya commanded.

"Lalanya thowns my bahdy, I give uhp anythin she  wwwwwhhhheeee-oonntttsssss!!!! 
UGH -- FUUCK!" Laura  spoke with her numb tongue as best she could.

"Get that girlie licker back to work or we goin ta  break out Big Black right
now!" Latanya warned.

Laura sucked hard on the black bitch's pussy, while  she felt the dildo get
withdrawn from her ass again.

'Here we go again.  Relax . . . give it up to her . .  .' Laura told herself. 
This time she was prepared for  the cold sting of the air as it touched her
insides  and was able to remain dilated.  However, she had  never felt so
exposed in her life, as she did sitting  there with her asshole agape, waiting
for the dildo to  be plunged back in the depths of her ass again.

"She's doin it Latanya!  She's givin' up that ass now.   Your knew cunt lapper
is just beggin for it!" Tamara  said proudly, as she stared at the gaping red
mouth of  the formerly tight asshole.  It gaped widely, not even  daring to wink
at her slyly in disobedience.


This humiliated Laura even more, knowing that Tamara  had noticed the dilated
condition of her bottom.   Worse, the short black girl had assumed that this 
meant Laura wanted to be fucked in the ass and that  she was some sort of slut,
because of it.

"That's my baby girl, you know I own that ass now you  don't you?" Lantanya
asked the blushing blonde.

Laura didn't say anything, but deep down she knew the  answer.  She would take
whatever Tamara had to dish  out and she wouldn't dare say or do anything about
it.

"Go ahead Tamara, give her a good fuckin now.  You  better keep lappin bitch if
you knows what's good for  you!" Latanya commanded.

The dildo was plunged deeply and then completely  withdrawn time and time again
in Laura's virginal ass.   Laura could barely move her tongue, due to the 
Prolong.  So, she just let it hang out of her mouth  and moved her head around,
in order to lick the  vicious sadist's cunt.  'I give her my mouth. I give  her
my ass..." the quivering girl repeated her mantra.

Then, a strange thing started to happen . . .  the  dildo actually started to
feel good.  A familiar  tingle began to spread throughout Laura's body.

'Oh God!  Don't let me cum.  Not like this!' Laura  begged silently.

However, it was to no avail, as the warmth spread to  Laura's loins, the blonde
pushed back against the  dildo.  Laura's ass slapped noisily against Tamara's 
thick muscular thighs, while the two girls met one  another stroke for stroke.

"She's fuckin it now Latanya, listen to her ass fuck  it.  Come on bitch! get to
it!" The short black girl  smacked Laura ass while stood motionless.  This
forced  Laura to lean forward withdrawing the dildo from her  ass and then
pushing back, as the poor girl tried  desperately to take herself over the edge.

Laura realized she was no longer being fucked in the  ass, but fucking herself. 
Her mind rebelled at the  thought, yet was helpless as her body sought to 
satisfy its craving for release.



Laura's ass had loosened to accommodate the width of  the dildo and a curious
thing had happened.  With each  down stroke, the excess air was forced out of
Laura's  ass, resulting in a loose fart.  



This horrified and humiliated Laura to no end, knowing  that here she was, *a
proper girl*, making such  disgusting noises while she impaled herself on a 
dildo.  But, she was unable to stop herself.  It was  too late for that.




"Ha Ha Ha!  Listen at baby girl go!" Latanya laughed  at Laura's plight. "As
funny as that is Tamara, I  think it's time for *Big Black*" 

Laura licked Latanya's pussy, while keeping her back  arched and ass high in the
air.  The dildo was  withdrawn and Laura pushed back in search for it . . .  or
anything to fill the new emptiness inside her. 

'Latanya owns my body, Latanya owns my ass' she  repeated keeping her spincter
dilated as Tamara  squirted more lube in her ass.  Then she felt  something
large, *very large* at the mouth of her ass.

'It's too big.  It's too big!' Laura thought in  horror.

"Ok baby girl, this next part is goin ta be rough, but  you can do it.  Jest
relax yourself completely baby,  givin it up to me, like you did befoe," Latanya 
encouraged, while she ground her pussy against Laura's  face.

"Only difference is, this is gonna hurt...you ain't  gonna loosen up enough for
*Big Black*, cause you gots  a tiny white ass.  It jes' ain't big enough for
*Big  Black*."

Laura felt the head of the dildo being forced into her  gaping ass.  'Oh FUCK! 
Must give it up to Latanya.   Latanya owns my ass...Lantanya owns my ASS OWW!'
It  felt as if her sphincter was a tight rubber band on  the verge of breaking
as the large round head of the  dildo was forced in.

'Ahhhhhh' she moaned as her ass narrowed, when the  head slipped home into her
ass. 

Then it kept going far far far...oh damn too far in  her body.  Her sphincter
widened as she went further  down the shaft of the dildo.  'Oh FUCK!  OH FUCK! I 
can't take it...I can't take it!' she thought.  It was  impossible.  It felt as
if the massive phallus was  buried in her stomach.  The enormous width even made 
it difficult to breath.  She tried to relax.  She  tried to surrender to the
unyielding mammoth.   However, it was of no use, her resistance had fallen 
before the onslaught of the colossal *Big Black*. 

"Prease Lathana, I weat your ash, I wo anyring," Laura  begged, helplessly
crying.

"Ew own meh!  I rour bish.  Ret me eath your ash  Missah!  Prease leth me bree
lour BISH!" Laura sobbed,  as tears streamed down her face.  "Jess no mo' Brig 
Brack!!!"

'Here's where it all comes down. Got's me a brand new  bitch!' thought Latanya.  
The black girl glanced  underneath Laura at the hairless Goth, who was crying 
as she stared up helplessly at the immense mass of  plastic dick, sticking out
of her lover's ass.  The  Goth was going to be tougher to break in, but Latanya 
had already seen the pale girl's weakness.  She would  go anywhere or do
anything to protect her *Princess*.   All Latanya had to do was keep them
together. 

"Okay baby girl, we won't FUCK you no more with *Big  Black*, but it stays rat
there till I cum bitch." 

Latanya turned around, getting down on her hands and  knees.  Then, she pushed
her bubble butt in the small  white girl's face. "Come on baby, worship my sexy 
ass!"

Laura kissed and licked the muscular black ass  reverently.  There was no
hesitation, as she planted wet kisses on Latanya's puckered brownie. 

"Come on sweet meat, let me feel your tongue bitch!"  Latanya ordered.

Laura stuck out her numb tongue and licked the sweat  licked the salty tasting
sweat from the black girl's  pungent ass.

"Oh yeah...that's my baby ass licker!" Latanya cooed,  as she reached back and
spread the cheeks of her ass  wide.

"Now tell me you are my slave and you belong to me  heart and soul!  Then stick
that tongue up my ass as  far as you can get it bitch!"

"I lore shlave, I berong du u hard and shole," Laura  replied with her eyes full
of awe.  The massive  phallus stretching her ass, served as a brutal  reminder
of what happens if she disobeyed.

"Mmmmpppphhhh.....mmmmpppphhh!!!!" cried Beth, as she  violently tried to shake
free below Laura.

"Don't worry Baldie, you gone git your chance next!"  Tamara said as she lowered
her pussy to Beth's mouth,  which was held open by the ball gag. 

Just then the door open and Monique eyes widened in  shock due to the carnal
sight in front of her.  She  was unnoticed by everyone except Tamara and
Monique's  look changed from shock to anger, as her eyes narrowed  and settled
on Latanya, who was on all fours, pushing  her ass into Laura's face.

"You fucking *bitch*!" she shouted.

The shout startled Latanya out of her sexual daze, as  she reveled in the feel
of Laura's soft tongue as it  sought to enter her ass.  She looked up, just in
time  to see Monique's fist as it swung in a wild arch,  directly at her chin.

 . . . to be continued.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.10
(c) 2001 Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations.

Chapter XI

"Come on baby girl, time for you to become my slave.   Git that tongue in my
ass, bitch!" demanded Latanya.

Laura stuck out her pink tongue and honed in on the  cruel girl's rosette.  She
had given up and thought  about what it would be like to be Latanya's slave.  
However, before she could stick her tongue in  Latanya's ass, the muscular black
girl fell to the  floor.  Laura looked up with amazement, it was  Monique!  Her
savior had arrived! 

Then Monique turned her attention to Tamara, who was  desperately trying to look
inconspicuous.  "Now what  should I do with you?" she asked the naked black
girl.

Tamara looked around the room for something to cover  herself with or at least
something she could use for  defense. However, she saw nothing but the dildo 
sticking obscenely out of Laura's ass.  She thought it  would probably infuriate
Monique even more if she  tried to grab the dildo, so she did the only thing she 
could . . . she begged. "She made me do it Monique,  please don't hurt me..."  

Monique started kicking Tamara's bare ass and slapping  her tits, while the
short black girl collected what  few scraps of clothing she could and tried to
get her  lover out the door.    "Get out bitches!" Monique shouted.  

"Get out right now, before I call the cops!" 

 "If you fuck with my girl again, you will rue  the day you bitches was
born." Monique said, as she  slammed the door on the pair of naked girls. 

Then Monique glanced down in sympathy at the gooey  face of her once proud
roommate.  "There there Laura  ... I'm so sorry ... I should have never told
them  about you," Monique said as she petted Laura's damp  blonde hair.

"Tank yew...Tank yew Monik.  I lub u sho mush," Laura  slobbered on her
roommate's feet.

"Come on girl, that's enough of that.  Get on up off  the floor!" Monique told
the groveling girl.

"I cand.  Brig Brack in my ash." Laura moved her hands  back and tried to pull
out the big dildo that was  sticking obscenely out of her ass.  However, the 
mammoth piece of rubber appeared to be firmly stuck.

Monique was astounded by the size of the dildo that  was embedded in the skinny
white girl's ass.  She  could feel her juices begin to flow as she traced the 
veins on the large rubber phallus with an index  finger.  'God!  I bet that is
going to be one hot  video!' Monique thought, glancing up at the red light  of
the camera.

"Who's this bald white bitch with the gag Laurie?  Was  she the one that called
me or was she on it with the  other two?  If you want, I'll toss her ass into
the  hall bound and gagged?" Monique said, looking down  smugly at the Goth girl
trapped underneath Laura.

"No she dice, she tied to heph me." Laura wondered  what Monique meant.  Who had
called Monique?  Had Beth  somehow called her roommate before she came in the 
room?

"I can't understand the words coming out of your mouth  Laura.  Just shut up and
let me help you get that  monster out of your ass.  You should be ashamed of 
yourself for getting into such a fix!" Monique derided  Laura, in hopes the
blonde girl wouldn't try to shift  responsibility for tonight's actions on the
person who  had ultimately caused this to happen . . .herself.

Monique helped Laura waddle on her knees until her  torso was lying on the bed. 
"Just wait there for just  a second baby, while I take the gag and handcuffs off 
your little bald friend."

Then the athletic black girl undid the buckle holding  the gag in the Beth's
mouth and took off her cuffs.   "Come on baldie, get yourself together, cuz it's
time  for you to go.  Laura's in good hands now, you can  talk to her at school
tomorrow."

Beth dressed quickly because there was something about  Monique that scared her
a little bit.  She glanced  down at her Princess, who was bent over the bed with
a  large dildo sticking out of her ass.  Suddenly, she  felt a little braver and
leaned over and kissed Laura  fully on the mouth.  "I'll see you tomorrow baby,"
she  said before she got up and left.  She looked back with  longing and waved
as Monique closed the door.

Monique walked back over to Laura and sat down on the  bed beside the kneeling
girl.  She gave a few  experimental tugs of the dildo, but each time she  pulled
Laura's sphincter bulged outward and was soon  followed by her groaning rommie.
"Well little Laura,  it looks like you got yourself in quite a fix. You  want me
to keep trying to get the donkey dick out of  your ass or do you want to go to
the hospital?"

"No No Hospithal!" Laura blushed, shaking her head.   There was no way she was
going to let anyone else see  her like this.  Just going into the hall in the
state  she was would make her the laughing stock of the  college.

"Well I'll give it a try then Laura, but I'm not going  to promise it won't
hurt," Monique said as she  inspected the large phallus.

"Ok Laurie, I'm going to coat the dildo and your ass  with KY again.  Then I'm
going to have to work it  around until I can get the moisture back inside your 
little brownie."

Monique covered the dildo and the little pucker of  Laura's ass ring with the
lubricant.  Then she  proceeded to push in and twist the slightly curved 
monster cock, eliciting a loud groan from the  submissive blonde.

"There ... there ... pervie it will be alright.  Just  try to relax," Monique
coaxed, as she massaged her  jelly covered hands over the blonde's trembling
body.   The pain grew more bearable as Laura began to respond  to her roommate's
touch.  "That's my girl, spread  those legs for Monique now."

Laura spread her legs wide, while holding her ass  cheeks open with her hands. 
It felt like the monster  dildo was moving her organs as Monique twisted it 
around.

"So big.  SO FUCKING BIG!" Laura moaned. 

Monique had finally got a couple of inches of play in  the large black cock. 
She put another large dollop of  lubricant on Laura's ass and the dildo then
continued  working it around in the small girl.

Laura was astonished.  She could feel a little  tingling deep in her ass that
had begun to her cunt as  Monique worked the dildo inside of her.  Laura pushed 
up on her elbows and arched her back, as she spread  her legs wider. 

"That's a girl, just relax," coaxed Monique, as she  watched in amazement as her
dorm-mate humped the huge  black cock she held.  'How can such a big cock, fit
in  such a little ass?' she wondered.

Laura could feel the warm feeling spreading over her  body as at last she was
going to cum after hours of  being teased.  'Oh God!  I can't believe I'm going
to  cum like this!  Monique was only trying to help me and  her I am . . .
acting like a pervert . . . a sub,'  Laura thought.  Her roommate had been
trying to ease  the massive dildo out of her ass, but Laura needed it  inside
her in order to achieve her climax. She  tightened her ass around the monstrous
phallus,  reveling in the feel of each ridge as it passed out  her sphincter. 
Then she felt the bulbous head hit  against her tight grommet and stop.  "Ugh .
. ." Laura  felt a wave of warm pleasure begin to build up in her  hot cunt. 
She lurched against the plastic cock again  and again, each time her enlarged
ring bulged outward  from the pressure.  "Ugh . . . ugh . . .ugh," she  grunted. 
Suddenly, the water welled, her damn broke  and liquid pleasure rained down from
her sex.   'Not  here, not like this!' Laura was humiliated, as she  disgraced
herself in front of her roommate.  'She must  think I'm a total slut.' 

She tried to stop herself.  She tried to control her  body, but it was too late. 
"Oh...Oh...I'm cumming.   I'm CUMMING!"  She cried as she felt the large dildo 
come out of her ass with a plop.

Monique listened to the white girl wail and stared in  lurid fascination as her
roommate's sphincter opened  and closed form each spasm of her orgasm.  Then,
the  poor girl fell unconscious and she flopped down on the  floor, her ass
gaping obscenely.  'Well Laura may have  been a bitch, but I guess this has gone
too far.'   Monique thought.  She was feeling a little guilty for  the abuse her
roommate went through tonight and  wondered if the poor slut's ass had been
damaged by  that bitch Latanya.

'Well, there is only one thing to do now,' Monique  said to herself.  She bent
down and removed the black  device from under Laura's bed.  Then she recorded a 
new message while the poor blonde was unconscious.

"Laura, you will no longer have the urge to smell  panties.  You will not have a
panty fetish.  You will  be as you were, before you heard this tape."

Then Monique placed the device on the desk located at  the head of Laura's bed. 
The red light on the black  box glowed brightly.

"Ooooowwwwww . . . what happened?" Laura groaned, as  she came to.  Her tender
ass throbbed and she could  feel foreign cold from the room inside her body. 
She  went to touch her aching brownie with her index finger  and her worst fears
were realized.  There was no  resistance.  The finger went right inside Laura's
open  hole.  'Oh God! I can't close my ass!'  However, when  Laura clenched her
ass muscles, she was able to close  her sphincter around her finger.  'Whew,
that was  close,' she thought.  Then, she looked around and saw  that Monique
was lying in bed wearing a long t-shirt.  She had a book in her hands, but
peered at Laura with  a superior look in her eye.  She made no effort to  hide
her stare while Laura tested the muscles in her  puckered rosebud.

Laura blushed then quickly removed her finger.  She  thought of how Monique had
saved her from those two  evil girls and her heart brimmed with thankfulness.  
She kneeled down on the floor at Monique's feet and  looked up at her roommate,
from underneath her wet  matted hair, with tears of adoration in her eyes.

"Monique, I want to thank you for what you did for me  tonight.  You are so good
to me and I have mistreated  you the whole time I've known you.  Can you ever 
forgive me?  Can you forgive me for being such a  bitch?" she pleaded.

Laura began kissing her way up Monique's dark thighs  up to her panties. 
'Please accept me Monique.  Please  let me make you feel good,' Laura thought to
herself,  but her roommate didn't appear to be reciprocating her  feelings. 

Monique pushed Laura's head away from her crotch with  impatience.  "Enough of
that Laura, I stayed up to  tell you that I discovered a cure for your fetish 
while I was in the library today.  The black gadget on  your desk will play a
message tonight that will  reverse whatever compulsions you have.  So tomorrow 
you will be back to your old self again. I can only  hope that you will not act
like such a spoiled bitch  anymore."

Laura's eyes brimmed with tears of gratitude.  She  blinked in astonishment and
they streamed down her  face. "Thank you Monique. I don't know what I can do  to
repay you."

Laura lay down on her bed, wincing from the pain  coming from her ass.  Then, as
Monique went to turn  off the light Laura asked, "Monique, can I wear my 
nightie to bed?"  Knowing this could be her last night  of perverted decadence;
Laura just couldn't resist the  feeling of completeness that the smell of sex
brought  her, one last time, before boring normalcy returned.

"Laura, you have plenty of nighties, go ahead and get  one if you want it."

"Please Monique.  My *nightie* like I wore last night,  it comforts me."

Monique rolled her panties down her legs and took them  off.  'Well the bitch
ought to be real pleased with  these. I got soaking wet pulling that monster
cock out  of her ass. Then, I couldn't resist an orgasm for old  times sake,
while she was passed out.' 

"Here you go pervie."  Monique pulled her red panties  down over Laura's head,
centering the wet crotch over  the blonde's perky nose.  'God, I'm going to miss 
this,' she thought to herself; as she listened to  Laura inhale her pungent
aroma.  'But, it is for  Laura's own good.  I almost caused her to get taken 
off by those two bitches tonight.  I could never live  down the guilt if that
had occurred.'

Monique turned off the light and returned to bed. 

Laura shifted and turned in the bed, but try as she  might, she couldn't go to
sleep.  The panties over her  nose smelled of sex and her soaked cunny cried for 
release.

"Monique, you awake?" she whispered.

"Of course I am Laura, how can I sleep listening to  your bedsprings squeak? 
What's the problem now?"

"I need . . ." Laura hesitated.  She knew what she  needed, but was ashamed to
ask.  It was one thing to  be forced to ask, it was quite another to volunteer.  
But the fire in her loins loosened her tongue.  "I  need to frig my sloppy wet
c-c-cunt."

Monique couldn't believe it.  It appeared Laura had  begun to accept her new
role.  The little slut even  begged to do things she had to be forced to just
the  night before.  "Well go ahead Laura, but you must go  to sleep tonight in
order to be cured."

Monique listened to the bedsprings squeak while Laura  humped her hand.  The
sound of Laura's mewling and her  submissive behavior had served to arouse
Monique's  libido to a fevered pitch.  The black girl began to  stroke the lips
of her sex, while her mind wondered  back to last night.  Her mind had tuned out
the sounds  of Laura's masturbation and she imagined the blond  girl on her
knees, with her pert nose poking into the  crack of her panty-covered ass.  Her
fantasy was so  powerful, she could almost feel Laura's pert nose at  her back
door now. 

'Wait! That is Laura's nose!' Monique was shocked as  she felt Laura's cold nose
sliding her long t-shirt up  to her back.  'God, I'm really going to miss this 
slut.' 

Then the dark girl felt Laura's tender kisses on her  ass, so she moved closer
to the edge of the bed to  give the white girl better access.  She held her 
breath, as she felt Laura's kisses move down her ass  crack and then her
roommate's hot breath on her  puckered rosebud.

"Ahh.  Laura, you shouldn't.  You know things will  never be the same between
us, if you (ahhh) do  that..." Monique warned.  Then, she felt a light kiss  on
her tightly clenched ass.  'Oh! God that little  slut's mouth is so soft.'

"Monique, thank you for saving me from those bad girls  tonight." 

"But they made me see what I am." 

"I love panties, pussies, and being treated like a  slut."



"I love *you* Monique, please let me in."  Laura  lightly flicked her tongue
over her roommate's  rosebud.

"I'm begging you Monique ... please ... let me be your  bitch."  Laura
insistently prodded Monique's tightly  clenched asshole with her tongue.

"I know I don't have much of a body, but I will do  anything for you. *Anything*
Please?  Let me prove  it."

"Oh Goddamn that feels too good!  Oh shit!" Monique  relaxed her ass and felt
the blonde's silky tongue  snake into her nether region. The pleasure and
passion  proved too much for Monique's rationality.  Her mind  drifted back to
last night . . . back to Mistress  mode. "That's it bitch!  Eat my ass you white
brown- noser!" she commanded.

Laura was ecstatic.  Her roommate had accepted her and  still wanted her.

"Get those hands off your smelly cunt and use them to  please your new owner
bitch!" Monique demanded.

"Mmmmmpphhhh," Laura moaned in pleasure, while she ran  her tongue along the
black girl's puckered ass.   Reluctantly, Laura removed her fingers from her own 
moist pussy and began to slide them along Monique's  silken folds.

Monique gasped with pleasure and pushed her ass back  against Laura's questing
fingers and tongue.  "That's  right pervie, from now on, my satisfaction comes 
first."

Laura drove her tongue into her roommate's ass.  At  first, she had been scared,
because she knew her life  would never be the same, yet her cunt had gotten all 
tingly at the thought of being controlled by her  roommate.  'I hope she knows
just how much I love her  after this,' Laura thought as she pointed her tongue 
straight out and then moved her head back several  inches, before driving her
face repeatedly in the  black girl's ass.

"That's it you lezzie bitch, fuck my ass with your  face!" Monique's large
breasts and ass shook while she  rocked back and forth in time with Laura's
thrusting  tongue.

"Oh yeah ... work those fingers on your mistress's  clit baby!  Faster!  Faster! 
Faster you bitch!"  Monique cried, as Laura drove her to orgasm.

"Ugh! Ugh!  UGH!  Oh FUCK!  I-I I-m cumming!  I- I I-m  cumming! OH! Oh! oh..."

Monique lay still for a few minutes enjoying the after  effects of her orgasm,
while Laura continued to  lovingly worship her ass.  Then, Monique sat upright 
on the bed and spread her legs wide.  She picked up  the discarded panties that
Laura had worn as her  nightie and wiped up the spent juices that covered her 
matted sex and that had run between the cheeks of her  ass. 

"So does my little ass-kisser want to cum? Hmmm?"  Monique asked.

"Y-y-yes Monique," Laura stuttered. "I need to cum.  Please?"

"If you want one, then say, yes Mistress, your ass- kisser needs to cum."

Laura hesitated.  Monique was taking this much further  than she had originally
imagined.  She had known that  Monique would want to use her for sex, but she
never  thought Monique would desire such absolute submission.   But, while her
mind rebelled against the humiliating  treatment, her cunt cried out for more.

"Y-Yes M-mistress, your ah-ass-kisser needs to *CUM*!"   Laura was practically
squirming with her desire to  cum.

"Good girl.  Fetch me Latanya's goodie bag."

Laura brought the bag full of sex toys back to her  roommate, wondering what her
Mistress was up to.   Monique pulled a vibrator out of the bag and turned it 
on. Then, she proceeded to rub it up and down Laura's  body while she talked.

"Laura, we are going to play a new game tonight.  A  new game that I'm sure we
will get to play a lot in  the future.  This game is called the *orgasm* game
and  it always has different rules."

"The way that we ... I mean you are going to play, is  I'm going to put this
vibrator in your sloppy white  cunt like so,"  Monique said, as she pushed the 
vibrator all the way into the blonde girl's tight  pussy, while Laura's knees
threatened to give. 

"Mmmmmm" Laura moaned.

"Can't have you makin all that noise pervie. Open up  that sweet little mouth my
slutty little girl."

Laura's pink lips parted and Monique forced the  panties that she had just
cleaned her sex with in the  white girl's mouth.

"Now, you will definitely think of me when you cum,  want you?" Monique asked. 
When Laura blushed and  nodded.  She looked so pretty . . . even for a girl 
that Monique impulsively leaned over to kiss Laura's  pouting lips, while the
pretty girl inclined her head  to accept the kiss.  At the last moment Monique
pulled  back and sneered, "Whew, I almost forgot where you had  those lips, my
little ass-kisser.  From now on,  whenever you kiss me, it will be my ass." 

Laura's cheeks burned to a deeper shade of crimson and  she felt humiliated as
her kiss was rebuffed.  She had  hoped that Monique would be affectionate with
her, but  she could understand why the girl didn't want to kiss  her.  After
all, she was a pervert . . . an ass- kisser.

Monique smiled as she enjoyed Laura's obvious  embarrassment, then she walked
Laura to the entrance  to their room.  "Here's how you are going to play the 
orgasm game tonight.  Now Laura, you have a choice.   You can either let me take
the humming little friend  out of your cunt and go to bed without an orgasm *or* 
you can go to the shower, just as you are, until your  new best friend gives you
an orgasm.  If you choose  what's behind door number two, the only other rule
you  must agree to is that you can't touch that hot little  cunt of yours.  That
includes pushing Mr. Friendly  back in your cunt, if he starts to fall out."

"Now, I'm going to open the door and count to three.  If you haven't left by
three, then the game is over.   Now, here's some body wash and a loofah, so you
won't  be too obvious."

"One," Monique started to count.

Laura was panicking.  'What if someone sees me naked?   What if the vibrator
falls out of my pussy in front of  someone?  What if someone is in the shower?'
her  rational mind wondered.

"Two"

'God! I need to cum.  My pussy is gushing down my legs  and my nipples are so
hard they hurt!' her passion  shouted.

"Thr--"


'I can't believe I'm doing this.' Laura thought.

. . . and she took the first step out into the  brightly lit hall.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.12
(c) 2001 Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. ******          'I can't believe I'm doing this,' Laura
thought, as  she walked as swiftly as possible to the communal  showers, with
her blushing face staring intently at  her feet.  She had to walk with her legs
pressed  closely together in order to keep the vibrator from  slipping out. 
Unfortunately, the poor girl couldn't  cover her privates with her hands because
she was  carrying the loofah and the bodywash.

Luckily, Laura made it to the bathroom without being  seen, but as she walked
into the shower she saw two  other girls taking a shower.  'Fuck!  They've seen
me,  just gotta play it cool and relax.  I'm sure this  isn't the first time
they've seen a naked girl in  shower before, so what if this one has no towel or 
pubic hair, and a vibrator humming in her pussy.'

Laura went down to the shower at the very end, turned  on the hot water and
stepped into the spray.  She  looked out of the corner of her eye and she could
see  both the girls looking critically at her.  'They must  think I'm some kind
of slut for coming in here with my  pussy bare and aroused,' Laura thought as
she lathered  up the loofah and began to wash herself, trying to  ignore the
vibrator below, which was insidiously  bringing her closer to the point of no
return.  She  could taste Monique's sweet secretions leaking from  the panties
in her mouth.

"Mmmmmmmm...."

'Wait did I just moan out loud?' Laura thought.  Then  she looked and saw both
of the girls laughing at her  and appraising her body.  'Oh God! It's Bula and 
Becky!' thought Laura as she remembered wearing the  large panties today as an
apron.  'I wonder if they  were hers.' Laura turned her back on the two girls
and  pretended to ignore them, while she continued to  shower, but all the while
her mind was on the vibrator  humming in her pussy.

"So my little blonde friend, you look like you could  use a little of Bula's
help.  Why don't you give me  your soap and sponge now?"

Bula grabbed the loofah and the body wash, clasped  tightly in each of Laura's
hands and spread her arms  wide.  Laura tried not to give them to the pushy girl 
but as her arms were spread, the distance between the  two girls decreased,
until finally Laura was pressed  firmly up against the large girl.

"Ewwww ... you are a randy little thing aren't you?   Are you trying to get
frisky with me?"   Bula had the  poor blonde almost riding her thick thigh,
before  Laura let go of the loofah and bodywash.

Laura would have given anything not to have Monique's  panties in her mouth
right now.  The mouthful of  panties kept her from telling this dreadful girl to 
leave her be and the vibrator she held tightly with  the muscles in her pussy
kept her from running.

"Yes, when I saw you walk in here with no clothes or  towel, showing off your
shaved cunt and freshly  spanked ass, I said to myself, Bula, this succulent 
fuck toy is in *need* of your assistance."

'Oh God! I can't believe I'm strutting around with  marks on my ass from
Latanya's crop.  What must this  girl think of me?' Laura wondered as she
blushed a  deep red.

"Mmmmpphh!" Laura screamed and turned around as she  was goosed from behind by
Bula's tall skinny friend  Becky. 

Then Bula captured the wet blonde in her big arms and  began to squirt the cold
body wash all over Laura and  then lathered the struggling girl up with the
loofah. 

Bula was in ecstacy as Laura's struggles caused her to  rub her slippery wet
body against Bula's larger one.   "Feels good doesn't it baby?  I love the way
it feels  when you rub your slippery body against me like a  horny little slut."

Laura ceased her struggles in hopes that the large  girl would leave her alone
if she stopped arousing  her.  Much to her dismay, Bula kept up her 
ministrations, as her tall skinny friend looked down  at Laura with superiority.

Laura tried to relax as it seemed there was no way to  escape her predicament. 
Although, the attentions did  feel good as the vibrator hummed in her pussy. 

Then Bula began to lather Laura's cunt and Laura could  feel the warm tingle of
an orgasm beginning to flow  from her sex.  "Tsk ... Tsk ... Tsk" Bula said as
she  discovered Laura vibrator and switched it off.  "Dirty  slut, you are going
to have to get cleaned first."

"Mmmmppph!" Laura moaned as she ground her ass into  Bula's hairy pussy in hopes
of getting some relief.

Then Bula proceeded to wash the distraught girl again.  This time Becky took
Laura's hands and stretched her  arms over her head and then let go.  When
Laura's arms  began to descend, Becky slapped the blonde's right  breast. 

"Mummpluphh!" Laura tried to protest around the  panties, as the tall girl once
again raised her  unresisting arms high over her head.  This time Laura  got the
message and kept them up this time.  She  looked at Becky hopefully and was
rewarded by a slight  smile from Becky's superior gaze.

Then the tall girl bent down and began to slap the  insides of Laura's thighs
until the blonde girl got  the idea to spread her legs.  'I wish she would just 
tell me what she wants me to do,' thought Laura.  As  the blows continued, Laura
spread her legs obediently  until they stopped.  She was angry that the two
girls  were treating her like a piece of meat, yet her  dripping cunt told a
different story. 

All of a sudden Laura's feet slipped on the soapy tile  floor and she was only
saved from doing a split by  Becky's quick hands.  To Laura's dismay, Becky
didn't  pull her up any higher, but instead left her  struggling to find
purchase with her feet. Laura had  to tighten her thigh muscles tightly to avoid
doing a  split.  As a result this put pressure on the dildo  forcing it out,
which she had to compensate for by  tightening her internal muscles. It was a
battle of  the wills and gravity seemed to be winning.

Laura was quite helpless as she held herself in this  position.  Laura couldn't
even open her eyes because  she was now covered in suds and Bula continued to 
lather her with the loofah.  Every muscle in Laura's  body began to burn, as she
tried to stay in this awful  position.  Whenever she grew lax and her arms
drooped  or her legs bowed, Becky would slap her tits, thighs,  ass or pussy to
correct her.

To make matters worse, Bula laved her harder and  harder with the loofah. 

"Just let me know if I'm being to rough precious,"  Bula said as she rubbed the
loofah painfully of  Laura's hard nipples.

"Mmmmph..." Laura gasped as she sought to protect her  tender teets.

Slap!  "Arms up fuck toy!" Becky demanded the  compliant girl.

Then Bula moved the loofah down to Laura's tight  stomach and then...

'No please not *there*!' thought Laura as Bula rubbed  her sex with the rough
sponge.

 the panties in Laura's mouth flew out  hitting Becky in the face as
she screamed.   Ouch you bitch, that fucking hurts!" spat Laura as the  vibrator
shot out of her cunt and the poor girl landed  on her ass on the hard tile
floor.  She got to her  hands and knees, trying to find purchase on the slick 
floor and lift herself up, but a large hand on her  head held her in place.

"Awwww ... Did big Bula hurt the little girl?" Becky  soothed Laura, while she
wiped the soapy lather out of  Laura's stinging eyes.

"There there ... let Miss Becky see where it hurts,"  Becky slapped the insides
of Laura's thighs, until she  spread her legs wide so that her sex could be 
inspected.

Becky proceeded to stroke the quivering girl's cunt  until she was moaning
delightfully.  "You should be  ashamed of yourself for talking so cruel to Bula,
she  was only trying be nice to you, she just doesn't know  her own strength."

"Why don't you make it up to her.  You do want to make  it up to Bula, *don't
you*?"  Becky said as she  grabbed the base of the vibrator and thrust it in out 
and of Laura's sex to emphasize her point.

"Ahhh ... yes!" Laura gasped at the intrusion.

Becky removed the vibrator from Laura's cunt and  handed it to Bula, while Bula
parted the blonde girl's  hair that was hanging in her face.  "Good.  Now open 
wide and say *Ahhh*"

"Ahhh-ulrp!"

The skinny girl shoved two fingers in Laura's pussy  and Bula pushed the base of
the humming vibrator in  the blonde's gaping mouth.

"That's a good girl  Head straight, keep  looking forward at big Bula's
ass bitch!"  Becky  demanded while Bula got down on her hands and knees  with
her large ass facing Laura. 

Laura didn't know what to think.  Sometimes it seemed  like the two girls liked
her and at others they hated  her.  Now, with a vibrator sticking obscenely out
of  her mouth, while Becky barked orders at her, Laura was  sure they hated her.

"You know what to do girl.  Go on ... make it up to  Bula!" Becky said, while
the sound of her sharp wet  splats, as she spanked Laura's ass, echoed off the 
walls.  While she spanked she also explored Laura  tight sex with a finger to
give her extra motivation.

To escape the blows on her already abused ass, Laura  aimed the vibrator at
Bula's wet pussy and pushed her  head forward until its flesh-colored head
parted the  fat girl's lips.

"Oh Fuck!"  "Ahh" The two girls moaned as Bula shoved  her ass back embedding
the vibrator in her cunt, which  in turn pushed Laura back into Becky's fingers.

SMACK!  "Posture bitch, posture!"  Becky slapped  Laura's ass as she moved the
girls limbs so that her  legs were spread wide, her back arched and her ass 
held high in the air.

'Fuck!  Goddamn that feels good!' Laura thought, as  she felt another finger
penetrate her tight cunt.  'I  feel like such a whore in this degrading
position, but  it feels so *good* so *right*.  Is this what a sub  feels like?'
she wondered, as she tried to fuck  herself on Becky's long fingers.

   "No bitch! You don't back into my fingers!  Flex at  your stomach and
hips, bring that ass out and up!"  Becky commanded.

Laura followed instructions, working her body on the  skinny girl's fingers,
while Bula impaled herself on  the vibrator held in Laura's mouth.  'Up and out. 
Up  and out.  Fuck that feels good!' Laura thought, as her  hips settled into
the rhythm of this slutty swivel.

"Good girl...Fuck it like the whore you are!  Here's a  little reward for you
fuck toy!" Becky, said as she  added another finger to Laura's sex. 

"Ugh!" grunted Laura.  She wondered how many fingers  were in her now and she
stopped working her hips, due  to the distress coming from her tightly stretched 
pussy.

"Up and out - up and out!" demanded Becky, as she  pinched Laura's clit between
a thumb and forefinger  and began to pull it up and out, then down and in. Laura
had no choice but to follow her clit, as her  pussy tried to accommodate the
width. She could feel  each knuckle as the fingers made their way in and out 
her stretched sex. 

"Such a fun toy, only a thumb to go," Becky reassured  Laura, as she tried to
push her whole hand in Laura's  bulging pussy.

"Mmmmmppph" Laura cried, as slobber and Bula's cum  dripped down her mouth to
her tiny breasts.  She  bucked her hips as she struggled to dislodge the hand 
from her painfully stretched cunt.

SMACK!  "Position bitch!  Don't you dare drop that  vibrator or I'll let Bula
come back here with her  *big* hands." Becky warned.

It was a hopeless situation and Laura was in no  position to fight.  She thought
back to the last time  she was in the position with Latanya and Tamara and 
tried to remember how she handled it. 

"Yes, that's right bitch, relax, give up that pussy,"  Becky encouraged as she
felt Laura muscles cease to  fight the intrusion.

'Becky owns my pussy.' Laura thought to herself, as  she tried to relax and give
herself over to the  penetrating fingers.  Through submission came victory  as
finally, the hand slipped past her strained opening  deep into her cunt.  'Oh
Fuck! I'm filled!' she moaned  to herself.

Becky made a fist with her hand and then asked, "Want  to see how I can fuck two
girls at once?"  Not waiting  for an answer, she proceeded to push forward and
back  with the arm that was embedded deeply in the blonde's  cunt. 

Poor Laura had no choice but to follow the motions of  the hand as it was driven
hard against her cervix or  pulled back, in which case her tight pussy would
bulge  outwards, but the fist was much too big to be  dislodged.

"Fuck me with that dildo Becky!  Ahhhh....Ugh...shove  that dildo up my pussy
baby!" Bula cried.

Being called a dildo and treated as such caused some  of Laura's old spirit to
rise up.  'I'm a person, not  a fucking dildo,' she thought.  However, she
wasn't  able to remain angry long, because her concentration  was taken up by
the in and out motion of Becky's hand.   Laura attempted to anticipate the
motions, but when  she did, the cruel girl would switch motions causing  Laura
to gasp in pain when her body moved in one  direction and the fist in another.

"Don't think dildo!  Just feel my hand and follow my  lead.  Dildos
don't think!" Becky said, as she  spanked Laura's ass.

Laura resigned herself to being fucked by this cruel  girl.  Her whole world
centered on the hand in her  cunt.  When it plunged in, she moved forward and 
pushed the vibrator into Bula's pussy.  When it  withdrew, she moved her head
back until the vibe was  just out of the large girl's blossoming cunt. 

In and Out.  In and Out.  "Oh Bula, you look so good,  being fucked by that
dildo.  Does it feel good baby?"  Becky asked.

In and Out.  In and Out.  "Ahhhh Fuck Becky! I love it  when you fuck me," Bula
gasped.  "I'm going to cum all  over this dildo!  Oh!  Oh!  Keep fuckin' me with
that  toy!"

Laura felt like an interloper ... an object to be used  by one girl to satisfy
her lover.  *A dildo.*

In and Out.  In and Out.  "Oh Yes!  Fuck my pussy  Beck!  Fuck me with that
dildo!" Bula cried.

In and Out.  In and Out.  Laura's concentrated on  feeling the movements of
Becky's hand.  She felt her  body responding to the delightful torture.  'Oh
Fuck!   I'm going to cum.  I'm going to cum from the fist in  my pussy!'

In and Out.  Suddenly, the hand stopped.  Laura waited  for the hand to move so
she could follow the  direction.  The seconds felt like eternity as she  hovered
on the brink of an orgasm.  The distraught  blonde began to push her body back
and forth driving  the vibrator in Bula's sex, while impaling herself on  the
fist as she slid back.

"You're trying to think again dildo," Becky warned.   Quivering, Laura willed
her body to stop.  However,  Bula it seemed, didn't have any such restriction
and  began to pound her large ass against Laura's face, as  she impaled herself
on the vibrator protruding from  Laura's mouth.

"Ahhh motherfuck!" Bula moaned.

SMACK! "Position toy!"  Laura had no choice but to  remain stretched out in her
whorish position, while  Bula quivered and quaked as her climax began.


"Oi Oi Oi Oi!  I'm cumming Beck...I'm cumming!"  Bula  cried as she ground her
fleshy ass over Laura's face.

"It's my turn with the dildo now Bula," Becky said as  she withdrew her hand
from Laura's pussy, leaving the  poor blonde feeling empty and incomplete. 
Laura was  then positioned on her back, with her legs spread  wide.  The
vibrator was taken out of her mouth and  turned on; then replaced.  "My turn now
dildo, if you  don't mind, I'm going to turn you on now.  Oh, I  forgot, you are
just a dildo; of course you don't  mind," Becky giggled, as she turned to face
Laura's  feet and mounted the vibrator sticking out of her  mouth.

Laura teeth rattled as the vibrator hummed in her  mouth.  'Please, please let
me cum,' she begged  silently, while she felt Bula tease her further by  pouring
the remainder of her body was all over her  sex.  Then, she felt Bula's large
arms slip underneath  her knees, lifting her legs off the floor and into . .

"Mmmmmm," Laura moaned, as her slippery bare pussy was  met by Bula's large
hairy mound.  "I'm going to fuck  you with the dildo now Beck," declared Bula,
as she  began to forcefully grind her sex against Laura's.

The rough tile floor hurt Laura's back and head, due  to her uncomfortable
position - folded up as she was,  but right now she wouldn't trade it for
anything in  the world.  She knew she was being used as some sort  of sex toy by
these girls, but she was too caught up  in the overwhelming sensations she was
experiencing.

Above her she could see Becky's ass flex and tiny  brownie wink at her, while
she ground her sex against  Laura's tender lips.  The vibrator hummed in her 
mouth, causing her teeth to rattle and Laura's head  felt funny - as if her
brain was vibrating as well.   Down below, the lather had built up between her
and  Bula.  She had no control over what was going on and  she loved it.  'Is
this what it is to be a sub?' she  wondered.


"Mmmmpphhhh!"  Laura cried as the two girls used  Laura's body with wild
abandon. She tried not to think  and submitted herself to take what pleasure she
could  from the two girls and she could feel it down below;   the warm tingly
feeling that signaled an orgasm  spreading from her soapy sex. 'Fuck Fuck
Fuck...Oh  here it comes!' she thought as felt a wave of pleasure  emanate from
her cunt.

Through her sexual haze, Laura could here Bula's  strange cries that signaled
she was cumming as well.   It felt like Becky was trying to smother her, as the 
small girl rode Laura's face while she spasmed.   Laura's pert nose was buried
in the girl's ass, so  Laura tried to hold the dildo with her teeth and  breathe
around it.  However, when she did so, Becky's  copious discharge poured through
the gap, forcing  Laura to swallow quickly to avoid being choked.  Laura  would
have been horrified in these perverted acts just  a few short days ago, but now
she took pleasure from  them.

Afterwards, the three spent lovers lay underneath the  running shower, connected
to each other like a chain  of daisies.  Finally, Bula stood up on shaking legs 
and helped Becky get to her feet.  The two lovers  frenched, ignoring the dazed
blonde at their feet. 

Laura felt like a third wheel and didn't think she  could manage another orgasm
tonight.  She stood  shakily, picked up the vibrator and toiletries then  walked
back to her dorm room, leaving a trail of water  in her wake.  She was too tired
to even bother trying  to hide the vibrator or to feel ashamed of her 
condition.

The dorm-room was dark and Monique appeared to be  asleep.  Laura was exhausted. 
It had been a hard day.   She fell down on her bed without bothering to dry off 
and went directly to sleep.

The red light on the black box that was supposed to  reverse Laura's perverted
inclinations was curiously  off.      If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to
email the  author.  Your comments are their only payment.   Pursuant to the
Berne Convention, this work is  copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.         




The Smell of Sex Ch.13
(c) 2001 Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended  by sexually explicit
stories and situations. *****************      The large bronze ass totally
enveloping her face, cut  off Laura's vision.  She moved her head back and out 
from between the two cheeks and glanced to the right,  where she saw a full
length mirror.

'God!  I look like such a slut!' she thought, as saw  that she was wearing her
maid's bonnet and apron once  again.  Her arms and legs were securely cuffed and 
chained.

Suddenly, she felt something trying to penetrate her  little brownie again.

"No, not there . . . it's still sore," she begged,  arching her back so that her
sex was exposed. "Please  put it in my pussy instead."

Her head craned back as she struggled against the cuffs  that held her arms and
legs spread wide, trying to see  just who was trying to fuck her in the ass. 
"...Oh God  NO!" she cried in dismay.

The woman behind her, dressed in a skintight black  latex outfit, wielding a
strap on dildo was none other  than-

...her *mother*.

"No Mommy, please don't!" Laura cried, renewing her  struggles against her
bonds.

She tried to move her ass out of the way, because the  monstrous dildo
projecting from her mother's crotch was  even larger than 'Big Black'!



Laura felt the painful sting of a crop against her  back.  "You will address me
as Mistress from now on slut!"   "Owww...Yes Mistress!  I'm sorry Mistress!"
Laura  cried, wincing in pain as a welt formed on her back.

"Mrs. Leigh, your little girlie slut is doing a piss  poor job rimming my
asshole, to think you wasted all  that money on sending this useless slut to
college.   Why, she didn't even learn to tongue an asshole  properly."



"You useless bitch!  You flunked your damn classes,  because you were too busy
eating pussy, remember?   Don't tell me you didn't even learn to do that 
properly?" her mother demanded.

"I'm sorry Mo ... I mean Mistress.  See..." Laura said,  as she started kissing
the dark hairy cunt of her  former housekeeper.  "I did learn to be a good gir .
.  ."



"Owww!"

"You're not a girl anymore, just a slut."

Laura bent her face down to taste the juices leaking  from her former maid's
sex.



"Stick that pink tongue of yours inside her asshole,  her pussy is much too nice
for a slut like you!"

"But, Mo- Mistress, she's just a housekeeper...  Please don't make me do
that!" Laura cried, her tears  dropping in between Rosa's flabby bronze ass
cheeks.

Whish--SPLAT!  Whish - SPLAT - Whish SPAT!  The blows  fell in rapid succession.

"Don't you ever tell me NO again bitch!"   

"Look at what you are wearing slut, you were made to be  a domestic's slave!"
her mother ordered.



Tears streamed down Laura's face, as she remembered her  maid's uniform.  She
struggled uselessly at her bonds.



"Please Mistress, please stop.  I'll do it!  I'll do  it."

"Now!  Beg bitch ... Beg to worship Mistress Rosa's  asshole and beg Mistress
Mommy to take, what little ass  cherry you have left!"



"Please Mistress Rosa...please let me worship your  beautiful ass!"



"Oww...please Mo-Mistress Mommy, take my ass cherry!"

Rosa laughed at the begging girl.   "I don't believe  you, puta!  Gustame culo,
puta?" Rosa asked, further  taunting her by wiggling her ass in front of Laura's 
face.  "chupame culero?"

Behind her Laura felt her mother begin to force the  huge head of the big black
dildo in her dainty little  brownie.

"Arggghhh Christ...." Laura moaned as her tender  grommet was stretched around
her mother's dildo.  She  looked down between the valley of dark flesh, at the 
tiny curly hairs surrounding the crinkled ass bud of  Mistress Rosa's ass.

Then a funny thing happened.

The nasty hole, before her very eyes, suddenly became  the sexiest thing Laura
had ever seen.

She ached to please her new mistress with her tongue in  that forbidden hole.

Laura circled the dark woman's rosette with her pink  tongue, while she felt her
own ass, invaded by her  mother's huge missile.

She felt a stirring in her loins!  An orgasm started  building deep inside her. 
She began to hump back  against her mom's dildo, until finally she felt their 
thighs meet.  Soon they were slapping together with  every long stroke.  Laura
felt a sense of pride that  she had accepted the monstrous phallus.  It was all
the  way in her and she loved the way it felt.  So full, so  taken; she was a
true slut now.

"Take it!  Take it!  Pervie!" her mother cried.  The  older woman was really
slamming her cock into Laura on  every stroke now.   This couldn't be confused
with  making love, this was one woman taking ownership of  another.  Every
stroke pushed Laura's face further into  Rosa's ass so the petite blonde could
reach in deeper  with her tongue.

Takie!  Takie!  Pervie!"

Laura could feel her orgasm begin to blossom, taking  her to the edge of
hysteria.

'You own me Mommy.  Please fuck my ass . . ." the  delirious girl cried out.


Laura glanced into the mirror and looked at the slut  she had become.  Not only
was the girl in the mirror  performing unspeakable acts, she was enjoying it. 

" . . . wakie wakie Pervie . . ." Laura heard and the  mirror broke, scattering
her image into millions of  little blonde Lauras obediently trying to please her 
mother and her house keeper.  Then the glass faded to  nothingness and she was
left with nothing but blackness  Her ass no longer felt sated but empty.

"Wait!  Wait!  I'm almost there -- oh fuck, please let  your slut cum!" Laura
groaned as everything began to  fade away into the depths of her groggy mind.

However, she was left with nothing but an empty feeling  in her belly, and the
old throbbing hollow feeling  inside her tender asshole.

Her pussy was flowing and hot, but oh so empty.

Against her will, reality pulled on her consciousness,  until she awoke and
wiped away the images of her dream.

Images of girls, fists, dildos, and asses flashed  through her mind.  Laura
wondered which images had been  real and which had been fantasy.

From her memories she was left with a burning question,  'Did I really lick
Monique asshole?'  Laura pulled the  panties off of her head and rubbed the
sleep out of her  eyes.  She looked up and saw Monique staring at her  from her
bed across the familiar dorm room.

"Wakie wakie Pervie, it sounded like you was having a  little *too* much fun
while you slept." Monique  observed.  "Havin' the fun is my job, you gave
yourself  to me last night Pervie, remember, and I intends to  collect."

"Now!"

Laura cringed inside.  She really had licked her  roommate's ass and asked to be
her bitch.

"So from now on, when I wake up, it's gonna be to the  soft soothing strokes of
your sweet little tongue in my  ass.  When you wake up in the morning, the first
thing  I want you to do, is to lick my ass or if I feel like  rewarding you, my
pussy.  You understand ME?  What do  you say we start with that sweet little
tongue, right  now?"

Smiling at her dormie, Monique threw off her covers,  rolled over on her
stomach, and spread her ass cheeks  wide in anticipation.

"Well Pervie!  Stop staring at it, and get to work, if  you want to be allowed
to cum today!"

Laura didn't really want to lick her roommate's ass,  especially not this early
in the morning, but she  desperately needed to cum.  Her poor pussy was dripping 
from the erotic dream she had, but some of the  gratitude and desire that she
felt last night after  being saved by Monique had since faded, leaving her 
confused as to what her true feelings were.

The one thing Laura was sure of was that if she licked  Monique's ass now, this
black girl would forever  control her, maybe for the rest of her days.  She
might  still be able to get out of being Monique's sub, if she  just said she
wasn't thinking straight last night after  what happened with Latanya.  'Yes,
that's what I'll  say.  I'm sorry Monique, but I wasn't thinking properly  last
night.  While I do appreciate everything you have  done for me, I can't become
your submissive slave,'  Laura thought.  However, instead of speaking, she just 
stared dumbly at her roommate.

"Come on baby girl, come on over here, and at least  take a look at it.  Get a
little sniff of what you'll  be missing."

'I can't do it.  I'm not a submissive, I'm an  independent college girl,' Laura
repeated to herself.   However, the swell of Monique's beautiful black bottom 
captivated Laura's attention.  'Why does she have to be  so beautiful and so
confident?' Laura thought  jealously, as she watched her roommate's hand slide 
along her hip, then down along the curve of her ass.   'Maybe Monique is right,
what harm could it be to get a  better look.'  Laura couldn't see any harm in
that.  It  she wasn't as if she actually *had* to lick it.

'I'll just take a look!  Maybe have just one little  smell of her sex.  That
couldn't hurt anything.' Laura  thought, as she got out of her own bed and knelt
at the  foot of her roommate's.

Laura looked on enviously, as Monique flexed her  muscular ass, making her
glutes ripple and her little  rosette clench.

'I wish my ass was as pretty as . . . mmmmm, I think I  can smell her arousal,'
she thought, leaning down to  inspect her roommate's ebony ass.

Monique could feel Laura's hot breath tickle the tiny  fuzz along her ass
cheeks, sending chills up her spine,  as the blonde inhaled her musty fragrance.

"Come on Laura!  Give it a little kiss.  You know you  want too!  Do it like ya
did last night!"

Laura closed her eyes, leaned closer and lightly kissed  the dark girl's ass
cheek.

The aroma was stronger here and drew her further.  'I'm  not a sub.  I'm not a
sub!' Laura repeated endlessly,  but it was useless and she couldn't resist. 
She slowly  slid her face between the cheeks of the toned bubble- shaped butt
seeking the black girl's wonderful brownie  and surrendered to it.

Like in her dream, it was the sexiest thing in the  world to her now!  She
kissed the puckered bud as if it  were a long lost lover.

"Ohhhh that's feels nice Laura, you Pervie slut, but  that silken tongue of
yours would make me feel so much  better if it were inside.  Come on, you know
you  wanna."

'What could it hurt?' Laura wondered.  'Anything that  makes her feel so good
and gets my pussy so wet.  Can't  be bad...can it?'   The blonde's tongue
escaped from her parted lips and  began fluttering over the dark girl's asshole.

"Oh baby, you are so good at that.  Goddamn I  love your tongue!  Why
I may just decide to share you  with my  !" Monique cried as she felt
Laura's  tongue penetrate her tight grommet.

Laura couldn't stop herself.  She was mad from lust,  and the delicious feeling
coming from her aching cunt.   'Share me!  Oh God, with whom and why does it
turn me  on to be used like this?'

She drove her face as far as she could into her  roommate's ass, going so far as
lifting the black  girl's hips off the bed with both her hands to get at  her
tasty target better.

She had to get relief!  Her right hand shot down to her  own crotch to stroke
herself!

Monique looked back over her ass, and spied Laura  feverishly masturbating her
own flowing sex with her  right hand.

"You get that hand off your nasty pussy right now, you  ungrateful bitch! 
That's my pussy now!  Not yours.   You don't touch it.  Ever!  Unless, I tell ya
to.  You  understand?  You better get used to it!" Monique  ordered, twisting
Laura's ear with her left hand until  the white girl gave a muffled scream into
her ass.

"Ahhhhmmmhhh..."

Laura reluctantly removed her hand from her own  throbbing sex to hold her
roomie's ebony orbs.

"Ohhhh yeah! I like that Pervie.  Yeah!  Make some  noise when you have that
lapper in me from now on.  Hum  something or I'll get them cries out of you the
hard  way."

Laura moaned into Monique's ass, to escape further  punishment.  Soon however,
the black girl viciously  twisted her right nipple demanding, "Say I love Miss 
Monique's ass! While you lickie-lickie."  
"Miiiee---mumph---mmmaaammmphh--uuuss..." Laura  repeated only to have her nip
twisted again, only  harder this time.

"Louder you slut!  With feelin'!"

"Miiieee-mummphhh-mammafffsss-usss!!!" Laura yelled, as  best she could, with
her tongue still inside her  roommate's ass.

Monique was pleased with Laura's oral ministrations and  the vibrations the
blonde's mouth made.  The dark girl  began rubbing her hand possessively on the
blonde  girl's sweating naked back as a sign of her ownership.

Laura's cunt gaped open, aching for stimulation.  Ever  since the skinny girl
had removed her fist from inside  Laura's pussy last night, it felt empty and
desired  only to be filled.

Poor Laura could feel Monique's hands gently caress her  back which pleased her,
but she longed to feel her  roommate touching her aching sex.  In her desire,
she  unconsciously began to roll her hips back and up as she  had been taught
last night in the bathroom.

'Please see how much I need it!  Please have mercy on  me...' she thought and
then yelled into Monique's ass  once again. 
"Miiieee-mummphhh-mammafffsss-usss!!!"

"Play with my pussy bitch.  Make me cum, spoil me, my  little ass licker!" 
Monique demanded.  The black girl  didn't consider herself a lesbian, but the
power she  felt from subjugating her rich prissy roommate had her  practically
cumming already.  She purred like a cat and  languidly spread her legs, so that
Laura's baby-soft  fingers could stroke her clit.  'The stuck up slut's  fingers
don't even have calluses.  She's probably never  had to work a day in her life
and now she's on her  knees with her tongue up my ass.' 

"Oh fuck!  Fuck!"  Monique moaned.  She tried to hold  back on the impending
orgasm and enjoy the feeling of  power she felt, but Laura's skilled tongue and
fingers  were relentless.  Monique bit down on her pillow as her  climax
overtook her.  "Huh-huh-huh-huhhhh!" she cried  through her clenched teeth,
while Laura dutifully  probed her ass with her tongue.

After she came down from her sexually induced high,  Monique pushed Laura's face
away from her ass.   " . . . uv Miss Monique's ass!" the blonde finished her 
mantra, not aware that she was no longer licking her  roommate.

"I know you do honey . . . I know you do." Monique  smiled as she stroked
Laura's blonde hair.  "But you  are going to have to do a better job with your
mouth in  order to *really* please me."

Laura's face fell, as she watched her roommate's smile  change to a disapproving
frown.  She had tried her  hardest to please her roommate, but apparently she
had  left the girl unsatisfied.  'Maybe she will give me  another chance,' Laura
thought hopefully, trying to  kiss Monique's thighs.

"Too late now slut, we have places to go and people to  see, but maybe later
I'll give you another chance to do  a better job, if you are really good. Okay
sweetie?"

The black girl stood up, her proud naked body  glistening with sweat, as she
walked over to her chest.   She opened a drawer and proceeded to get dressed in 
shorts and a sports bra. Then, she walked back over to  her bed and inspected
her naked slave crouching there  with a critical eye.  Laura just knelt on the
floor  waiting and praying for a chance to relieve her sexual  ache. 

"Ya know girl.  You are out of shape, so, you're gonna  jog with me today. 
Maybe I'll put some meat on that  skinny white ass of yours.  You'd like that
wouldn't  you baby girl?"

Laura nodded her head, blushing.  She looked up and  down Monique's muscular
black body, and realized how  underdeveloped her own body was, in more ways than
one.

"Stand up baby girl.  Stand your ass up in position, so  I can see what I have
to work with." Monique ordered  the blushing girl.

Laura stood up, keeping her head lowered as her  roommate looked all over her
body critically.  Self- consciously, Laura's hands naturally sought to cover 
her sex and smallish breasts.



Monique slapped Laura's face, startling the scared  white girl out of her daze.

"I've shown you how to stand before, and I expect you  to follow my directions
bitch!  Spread those legs and  get them paws out of the way." Monique watched
with  delight, as her humiliated roommate spread her legs  wide and let her arms
slide down hesitantly to her  sides.  "Yeah, that's my girl," she cooed,
watching as  Laura blushed and stared down at the floor.

  Monique spanked Laura's ass.  "Get them hands  up, clasped behind your
head, so as I can inspect my  *property!"  Monique ordered.

'Oh God, she remembers!'  Laura was horrified, yet her  cunt betrayed her by
throbbing with pleasure.

'She remembered what I said last night when I licked  her ass,' Laura thought,
assuming the required  position.

Monique walked around the embarrassed blonde, further  degrading her by groping
and pinching the blonde's  frail naked body at her leisure.

First, her ass cheeks were spanked.  "Too skinny."

Then, she pinched a tiny roll of fat on Laura's  stomach, "Too flabby."  
Pinched her triceps painfully, "Too wimpy."

Pulled her nipples painfully away from her body until  Laura gasped, "No help
for these lil' skeeter bites!"

Then Monique bent down and easily pushed three fingers  from her left hand up
her roommate's denuded cunt, "Now  this is pretty, but you nasty bitch, you went
and got  it all stretched out last night.  What the hell did you  do?"

"I-I-I-" Laura stuttered.

"Shut up!  You can tell it all on your video tonight,  Pervie," Monique said, as
she walked over and opened  Latanya's goodie bag.

"We gots' things to do right now, though, but be rest  assured I'll have ya
tight as a virgin again.  Soon,  even if I gots' to sew it up."

'Oh God, she wouldn't,' thought the horrified blonde.   She shivered with dread,
as she watched her roommate  pull out what appeared to be two large textured
metal  balls attached to a string.

"See these here Laura?  I figure that the reason you've  let yourself get so out
of shape is 'cause you are just  a lazy little slut.  You've got no discipline
and I  won't have that, baby girl."

Laura looked on apprehensively. "I've just been too  bus-" she explained. 
"Don't you dare interrupt me," Monique glared at the  trembling naked blonde. 
"As I was saying . . . the  only thing that seems to get any physical activity
out  of your sorry ass is your nasty smelly cunt and that's  gotten too much of
a workout!"

Then the black girl opened her desk drawer, and took  out a battery.  She
attached it to one of the balls by  a short wire.

Monique knelt at the feet of her spread open blonde  roomie who was nervously
shifted her body from side to  side.

"Hold still slut!" she admonished, as she proceeded to  stick both of the balls
up inside Laura's gaping cunt.

The sensation of the balls passing into her sex felt  delightful!  Laura's cunt
clenched down on the cold  balls as they entered her sex.  It was full again!  
Then both the cold balls warmed up and found a nest,  deep inside clenching wet
cunt.  Finally, it was full  again.

Then Monique secured the electrode and battery to  Laura's crotch with a strip
of first-aid tape to her  inner labia.

"So I figure, why fight it.  Today, pervie girl's going  to exercise her body
for me and tighten her cunt at the  same time; all while her nasty pussy is
getting a nice  massage from the inside."

"Here you go Laura, put these on while I put it in real  simple terms for you,"
Monique said, as she tossed some  clothes on the floor.

"You see Pervie, while you jog those nice balls are  gonna be a bouncing around
inside your stretched-out  cunt.  I'm sure it'll feel *real good* to a slut like 
you.  But you're going to have to keep your nasty hole  clenched real tight,
otherwise if they slip out...you  gonna be in for one shocking experience," she
laughed,  as she patted the battery.

Laura flinched from the sensation.  "Ohhh!" the blonde  gasped with delight as
the balls shifted inside of her.   Then she picked up the clothes and began
putting them  on.  She was very relieved to see that she bra and  panties to
wear, after two days without underwear.   Laura put both of them on and although
they were tight,  they were tolerable.   "Don't just stand there, put on your
shoes Pervie," the  black girl demanded.

"B-but Monique, I need to put on my shorts bef. . ."

"You *are* wearin your shorts slut.  Don't worry, they  are a little small, but
they were all the rage at the  Olympics this year."

Laura blushed and began putting on her shoes and socks.   She tried to move
slowly, to minimize the movement of  the balls inside her sex.  'These aren't
shorts,' she  thought.  'They're a cross between a bikini and panties  and that
thin bra definitely needs a shirt worn over  it,' she thought.

"Slut, the longer you fuck around with them shoes, the  later it gets.  The
later it gets, the more people be  out and about to see your scrawny ass, but
you probably  like a big audience, my little exhibitionist.  Don't  you Pervie?"

Laura stood up quickly to avoid the possibility of  being seen by a lot of
people.  The too small shorts  had crept into Laura's ass crack and she had to
pull  them out.  She looked down and noticed that her tiny  nipples strained out
against the thin fabric of her  top, clearly visible to anyone who looked.  A
flush had  begun to spread down from her face to her chest.

Monique opened the door, waiting for Laura to exit.   "Come on pervie!  Let's
get goin.  We gots work to do  on that body girlfriend!  No pain no gain!  Ha
Ha!"

As Laura passed her roommate she felt Monique push a  finger up her butt,
exposing her cheeks as the Lycra  wedged deeply in her crack.  "Eeeekkk! 
OOOOOWWWW!!!!"

Laura cried out, clapping a hand over her mouth and her  cunt, as she collapsed
on the floor.  Her first cry was  in surprise from the playful grope, the latter
was  because she had relaxed the muscles in her cunt and the  ball had touched
the electrode.  The electric shock had  been painful, and she could still feel
the spasms  running through her poor cunt.

"Come on, don't be such a baby," Monique said, tugging  Laura back up.

Again, Laura had to pull her tight shorts, if you could  call them that, out of
her ass crack.

"That's the last time you touch them shorts of yours or  that nice sports bra I
gave you, until we get back  Pervie.  Otherwise, we will keep on jogging, until
you  learn to do it right.  Maybe we can run down by the  campus as people go to
their first class," threatened  Monique, as she started walking down the dorm
hall.

Laura watched her roommate leaving.  She didn't even  have her key to the dorm,
but she rushed after her  roommate anyway.  "Hey wait for me . . . please!  
Monique . . . Please wait for me!" she called after her  departing roommate.

When they were outside the dorm, Monique paused and  ordered, "Okay Pervie,
let's get you all warmed up.   Just do what I do," Monique stretched her
muscular legs  out wide and the bent her chin down to her right knee.

Laura followed along as best she could.  However, each  new position caused the
balls inside her sex to shift  positions, sending waves of pleasure through her
whole  body.

Soon, her juices were again leaking out of her swollen  pussy lips, soaking the
thin material of her 'shorts'.   But even with the balls moving inside of her,
it wasn't  enough to take her over the edge.  However, by the time  she had
finished stretching; her shorts were again  wedged deep up inside her ass crack,
fully exposing  both her bright white ass cheeks.

"Please Monique, let me fix my shorts," Laura begged.

"I told you not to touch them, you nasty slut," Monique  said, as she walked
behind the blushing blonde.

"I tell you what Pervie, get back in position and I'll  fix them for you."

Laura nervously glanced around for onlookers.

'God I can't believe I'm doing this and right out in  public!' Laura thought, as
she clasped her hand behind  her head and spread out her long legs.  She felt
her  roommate's strong black hands rooming all over her  scantily clad body.

After groping her charge, Monique began pinching her  small nipples, trying to
pull them through the thin  fabric of her bra.  She stopped when they stood out 
from her chest like two little pencil erasers.

Then she massaged Laura's belly and cunt through her  shorts, finally pushing
the thin material firmly  against her denuded pussy, until the shape of her
labia  and distended clit were clearly visible to all.

"Ahhh . . ."  Laura gasped, as her body betrayed her in  this very public place.

Finally, Monique pulled the legs of the shorts down so  that they covered the
cheeks of Laura's ass.  "Now  ain't that PERFECT!" she observed as she spanked
Laura  lightly on her barely covered ass, causing the balls to  roll in
response.  "Come on Pervie, we'll get started  at a walk since you are so out of
shape and then we'll  jog back."  With that she turned and began walking away 
from the dorm at a brisk pace.

Laura followed along, but the balls rolled around  inside her cunt, keeping her
on the verge of an orgasm  the entire time.  As she walked, she could feel her 
pussy begin to gush, her slick juices running down her  legs.

Obediently, she followed along after Monique, legs  moving awkwardly, her mind
in a pleasure induced haze.

The poor blonde had no idea how far she had walked nor  did she see all the
people staring at her as they  passed in their cars.

Laura's only conscious thought was of Monique's firm  ass bobbing in front of
her and the wonderful balls  swishing around inside her sex.

"Okay, Laura, let's turn around and jog back to the  dorm now." Monique said,
jarring Laura out of her  trance-like state.

Laura suddenly looked around her.  She became aware  people in the oncoming cars
were staring her at.  She  looked down and noticed that her sweat-soaked sports 
bra, clearly showed not only her crinkled nipples, but  the pink of her aureoles
was now visible through the  thin fabric.  The shorts she was wearing had also
slid  back into the crack of her ass, exposing her tight  untanned ass to the
world.

"Please Monique, my shorts," Laura whispered.

"Girl, I don't want all these fine people to think I'm  some sort of pervie
lesbian, like you!  The answer is  no!  No messing with your shorts until we get
back.   Let them be your incentive to get back to the dorm --  quickly!" 
Monique said as she began to jog away from  the humiliated girl.

"You'd best keep up with me or get locked out."

Laura tried desperately to keep up after her athletic  roommate, but it was
hopeless.

Each time her foot left the ground, the infernal balls  would lurch up deeply
into her aching cunt.  Then when  her foot hit the pavement, the metal balls
would rush  down crashing against her tightly bunched bundle of  muscles.

'Oh God!  My poor pussy is being pounded from the  inside!' Laura realized, as
the sensations inside her,  caused her to stumble.  This broke Laura's 
concentration and one of the balls peaked from the  parted lips of her sex,
contacting the metal electrode  taped there.  Her pussy clamped down tightly as
the  shock was transmitted to the walls of her sex.

"Fuck!  Oh Fuck!  Wait Monique!  Oh Fuck!  Please  wait..." She felt the spasms
moving throughout her sex,  as she began to try to jog after her retreating 
roommate's black ass once again.

Finally, the after shocks of the electricity began to  die down and a new
feeling began to replace the  retreating spasms of pain.

Instead of electric shocks, sparks of pleasure began to  jump along the walls of
her cunt, with every bounce and  clack of the metal balls.

Instead of dying down, the sensation began to increase  until it felt like her
whole uterus was going to burn  up from pleasure.

'Oh fuck, I really must have the pussy of a slut!'  Laura thought, as the
craving of this new sensation  overwhelmed her cunt.  The blonde began to jog
faster,  even passing her roommate, as every step drove her  mercilessly closer
to her desired orgasm.

A smiling Monique watched the erotic display of her  dorm-mate.  Obviously, the
blonde, covered in sweat,  ivory ass cheeks totally exposed, sexual juices
coating  her inner thighs all the way down to her socks, was on  the verge of a
massive orgasm.

People in the passing cars stared, blatantly watching  the young girl's open
mouth, with her small nipples now  visible through the sweat soaked bra,
sticking out  fetchingly from her heaving chest.

Yes, it looked as though a lot of people were going to  be taking up jogging
tomorrow.

Monique put on some speed and came up beside of Laura  when it became obvious
she was having an orgasm.

"Come on girl!  Keep going!  Don't you dare stop those  legs slut or I'll drop
you off at your precious  sorority house!  NAKED!"   Laura's eyes went wide. 
Her eyes begged, but she could  see no sympathy in Monique's eyes.  Laura bit
her lip,  while she concentrated to avoid the inevitable orgasm.   Finally, the
orgasm proved too much for the blonde.

"You can do it slut.  When you come to the wall, just  keep going into the
zone!" Monique encouraged.  She  knew that joggers typically dealt with another
kind of  wall and a different sort of zone, but she was  interested in what
would happen with her new slave.

Laura stumbled as her pussy clenched down on the balls  and a wave of pleasure
from her wonderful climax soaked  into every pore of her body.

"Embrace it slut.  Embrace it you ass licking cunt, but  keep them legs moving!"
Monique demanded.

Laura kept moving her legs from force of will alone.   Her pussy ached, begging
her to loosen her muscles for  the spasms to follow.  Finally pressure built up
from  inside her tightly clenched muscles, until finally the  dam broke!

"Oh God!  NOOO Please, not here.  Oh God, Oh God!  I'm  cumming!  I'm cumming!"
she cried.

Monique watched in amazement as clear liquid flew from  the crotch of Laura's
bikini shorts.

'Ha!  The little slut had a wet orgasm!'  Monique  envied her bitch as she
watched the blonde's body  react.

Laura tried not to think about the people looking at  her disgraceful
performance from their cars, watching  as liquid streamed from her crotch.

'Oh God!  They are going to think I'm pissing myself.'  The humiliation burned
the blondes cheeks.

"Oh God!  Oh God!  It's coming back!  I'm cumming  again, oh fuck my pussy! 
Please!  Monique!  Help me!"  Laura cried.  She saw stars, as another climax
began to  rip through her cunt, while the balls hammered inside  of her.

Laura's face was scrunched up from her obvious  pleasure.  Her pink tongue hung
out of her gaping mouth  but she continued to jog.  She was oblivious to the 
screech of brakes from a driver that was watching her,  instead of where she was
going.

Laura vaguely recalled how she got back to her dorm,  all she remembered was
running and cumming ... running   and cumming.   Laura tried to walk up the
stairs with her shaky  burning legs.  However, behind her, Monique began to 
push the blonde's shorts into the clenched rosebud of  her brownie.  When that
was done, she then cupped her  hand over Laura's sex, and pushed the girl's
soaked  shorts all the way into her spasming pussy as well.

Soon the crotch of the thin Lycra shorts disappeared  between the cheeks of her
ass and the lips of her cunt.   The calculator battery stuck obscenely out in
front of  the shorts like a very large clit.  When the two girls  arrived at
their floor Monique ordered, "Laura, you  wait right here for two minutes and
then come to the  room ... and don't ya dare touch *anything* slut!"

Laura felt very defenseless and scared standing all by  her lonesome, when her
roommate left her in the hall.   Worse, it gave her the opportunity to actually
look at  herself.  The thin white top was transparent and not  only could she
see the tale-tell shape of her nipples  and aureoles, their pink color was
evident as well.   The small bikini style running shorts were pulled up  firmly
into her ass and pussy.  Nude, Laura's pussy  could best be described as plump. 
However, now she was  aroused and her nether lips were separated and pushed  out
by the thin fabric of her shorts, making her cunt  appear fat and almost
abnormal on her smallish body.   Laura was tempted to just strip all her clothes
off.   It would certainly cause less notice than what she was  wearing right
now.  She might as well have had a sign  on her advertising, sex, slut, sub, or
sinner.   

Laura felt her honey being to leak from her pussy in  arousal. "Why does my body
love this?  What is it  turning me into?" she whispered to herself.  She could 
hear some girl's voices coming up the stairs.  'Oh God!   They will see me!' she
thought.

Laura got up her courage and then made a dash up to her  room.  However, there
was a group of three girls in the  hall that she would have to pass to get to
her door.   She hung her head down, her cheeks burning with  humiliation, as she
walked past the now silent staring  girls. She could feel their beady eyes on
the back of  her head and hear them whisper as she walked past.

"Did you see that?  Wasn't that Laura?  Oh my God, it  was wasn't it?  You could
see her pussy, and it was  *shaved*!  Ewww... and did you smell her?  
Disgusting...what a slut.  Psst Psst- what was that?   Her clit?  No way, it's
too big.  Pst- Not for a  whore."

Tears filled Laura's eyes and spilled down her damp  cheeks, as she hurried to
her room.  She turned the  handle to her door, but found it was locked.  Meekly, 
she knocked on her own door.

"Who is it?" Monique voice answered from inside the  locked room.

"It's me!  Laura,  please let me in," she  whispered.

"I'm sorry, but you must have the wrong room.  I don't  live with anyone named
Laura.  I live here with a  little lezzie pussy licker."

Laura pushed her wet blonde hair out of the way and  glanced nervously down the
hall.  The three girls were  pointing at her now and laughing.  Then they began
to  walk toward her.

 "P-please open the door Monique, it's me    y-your little lezzie
p-p-pussy licker."

"I can't hear you pussy slut, but it sounded like you  didn't call me Mistress."

Laura was dumbfounded, it seemed like Monique was  taking this much more serious
than she ever imagined  and the three girls were getting closer by the second.

She felt so helpless, why didn't Monique just open the  door?  She needed
Monique to protect her.

"Puhleeze puhleeze Mistress, your p-p-ussy slut wants  to get in!" she cried in
a little girl voice, her body  slumping against the door.   The door opened
suddenly and Laura almost fell into the  room, closing the door quickly behind
her.  She knelt  at Monique's feet, hugging her roommate around her  thighs.

She smelled the musky odor of arousal mixed with the  sweaty scent of exertion
on the black girl's sex.

"Thank you Mistress." Laura said as she pressed her  nose deep into the crotch
of Monique's pungent jogging  shorts, inhaling her heavenly fragrance.

Monique rubbed Laura's hair taunting her.

"Does my little pussy slave love the smell of her  Mistress's pussy?"   "Yes
Mistress," Laura replied, as she began licking the  folds of her roommate's
pussy through the nylon shorts.

Monique turned around and pulled her shorts down to her  ankles.  As she bent
down to step out of them, she felt  Laura's silken tongue rimming her ass.

"MMMM....THAT'S RIGHT BE A GOOD SLUT AND GET THAT NASTY  OL' SWEAT OUT OF MY
CRACK!" Monique demanded, loud  enough for the girls out in the hall to hear. To 
Monique, it wasn't enough for Laura to be her slave,  she wanted to be feared
and respected by everyone who  saw her. 

She felt her ass cheeks being spread and then the broad  strokes of Laura's
tongue licking her from the lips of  her cunt to the top of her ass crack.

"OH MY SWEET LITTLE BITCH, I'M GOING TO JUST LOVE  HAVING MY OWN WHITE CUNT
LAPPER!"

Monique pushed Laura down on the floor, then mounted  her wet face.  "EAT MY
PUSSY BITCH!" she demanded.

Laura began licking the black girl's cunt with  enthusiasm.  She desperately
wanted to make her  Mistress cum and to make her proud this time.



"Ohhh!  That's right, slurp my cunt . . . drink my  juices.  You've got me so
hot Laurie! Seeing you expose  yourself to all those people Oh God!  Watching
you cum  jogging down a busy street!"  Monique began grinding  her sex on her
roommate's face.



Laura struggled to breathe as her face was fucked by  the black girl's cunt. 
She thought back on the  depravity of her actions and how much they humiliated 
her, yet they still fanned the flames of her desire.   She lifted her hips up,
begging for attention from  above.

Monique looked down at her new little dyke, squirming  for attention.

'It's a shame I'm not a lezzie,' she thought to  herself. 'Well, maybe I'll
remove the balls from her  and give her a hand job on the house.'

Monique grabbed the string sticking out of Laura's cunt  and began to tug,
however she couldn't seem to dislodge  the balls from the poor girl's pussy.

It did cause the blonde to cry out into her pussy,  which felt real nice, so the
ebony-skinned girl  continued to jerk on the string every few seconds as 
*encouragement*.

"Oh my fucking slut, you looked so good jogging today.   Mmmmm . . . you know
what they say .  Sports  bra $15, jogging panties $30 , running shoes $60, the sight of cum squirting  from 
your lezzie cunt in front of all those  people   - *priceless*."

"Oh fuck here it comes bitch . . . Suck it hard!   Harder you little ass
sniffer!  I'm cumming oh oh oh!"  Monique cried out, tugging mercilessly on the
string,  as she came on the white girl's face.    Laura's pussy expanded
outwards in the shape of a ball,  until finally the balls escaped with a loud
*pop*,  soaring across the room.

"Mmmmmm, that was delicious.  Lick it all up, my sweet  bitch ..." Monique cooed
as came down from her climax.

. . .to be continued.

************* If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author. 
Your comments are their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this
work is  copyright with all rights reserved by its author unless  explicitly
indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.14
(c) 2001 Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended  by sexually explicit
stories and situations. ******   

While taking a shower, Monique had her new pet bathe  her and then the two girls
returned back to the dorm  room.  The dark girl had Laura style her hair and
then  set her clothes out on the bed.  "Ok Laura, I want you  to help dress me
now -- but you can only use your  mouth."

At first Laura didn't understand the point of this at  all.  However, as soon as
she picked up the panties  with her mouth and knelt down on her hands and knees 
and tried to get them under Monique's feet; she  understood the point all to
well.  It was impossible to  be naked and in such a position, without feeling 
completely subservient and humbled by the person you  were trying to dress. 

Laura struggled to comply, and her roommate was no help  at all.  Laura
suspected that Monique was actually  going out of her way to make things
difficult,  especially, when she made her adjust her panties until  they were
*just right*.  But, with perseverance and the  knowledge that punishment was in
order if she failed,  except for the clasp on the bra, Laura was able to  dress
the girl without the use of her hands. 

"You've done such a good job following instructions  this morning my pet.  I'm
very proud of you." Monique  complemented the blonde as Laura nudged the shoe on 
with her nose.

"Well Bubbles, it's time for me to help get you ready!"  Monique said, as she
pulled out a bag from underneath  her bed.  "Surprise!  I bought you a new
outfit!" she  grinned, opening the bag, to give Laura a peek at the  clothing
within.

"Come on pet, I'll dress *you* this time.  Close your  eyes; I want this to be a
big surprise!"

Her roommate seemed so genuinely happy, Laura swallowed  her pride and closed
her eyes, allowing Monique to  dress her. 

She stood silently, regretting her decision, as she  felt Monique tugging so
hard to the zipper of the too  tight skirt.  The shirt she had put on was just
as  tight, followed by two of the highest platform shoes,  Laura had ever worn,
and a choker of some sort.  Then  Monique began to apply fingernail polish,
makeup, and  styled her hair, which made Laura tremble inside with  glowing
gratitude.

"Okay my pet, open your eyes!"

Laura's eyes widened in fear, as she thought, 'Dear  God!  She can't expect me
to wear. . . Is that me?'

The horrified girl looked herself over in the mirror  again.  Hot pink platform
shoes, followed by a hot pink  vinyl miniskirt.  '*Vinyl*, I've never worn
anything so  terribly cheap and plastic in my entire life!' Laura  shuddered,
cringing from the feel of the *fabric* if  you could call it that.  Next, was a
tiny T-shirt that  accentuated Laura's small breasts.  But, it wasn't so  much
the shirt that disturbed Laura, as what was on it.   It was a Power Puff girl's
T-shirt, complete with the  blonde Power Puff girl named Bubbles on it. 
Finally,  she had matching pink toenails, fingernails, lipstick,  and choker.
Capping it off, her hair was pulled into  two pigtails, which fanned out into
little spikes. 'I  look like a ridiculous bimbo!' she thought.  Bubbles,  the
bimbo!'

Meanwhile, Monique had come up behind the distraught  girl, reached her arms
around Laura's waist and was  playing with the hem of her miniskirt. 

"Please..." Laura whined, watching intently as  Monique's hand drifted under her
skirt and began  playing with her sex. "Ahhhh...Please Monique, don't  make me
wear-ummmmm" a protests turned into a moan, as  her roommate pushed her cum
covered finger into her  mouth.

Laura's eyes glazed over, as Monique began to whisper  in her ear, "Such a
*sexy* slut.  Laurie, look in the  mirror at my beautiful pet.  Isn't she
beautiful baby?"   Monique removed her finger from Laura's mouth and drove  it
back into her cunt. 

"Ahhhh...yes..."Laura moaned.

"And doesn't my pretty pet want to make her Mistress  happy?" Monique said, as
she tugged on Laura's little  nubbin.

"Mmmmm...yes" Laura's thoughts of embarrassment  disappeared, all her
concentration was now required to  remain standing, while Monique's fingers
worked their  magic on her pussy. 

Monique withdrew her slick ebony fingers from Laura's  sex and placed them in
front of the blonde's mouth  again.  Laura inhaled her musky fragrance and then 
licked the juices with her tongue before sucking the  last of the tasty treat
from the each finger.

"Good, I'm glad you like it to!  Get your book bag  *Bubbles* and let's go!"
Monique said, playfully  spanking Laura's ass.

Laura was dazed and befuddled, but she picked up her  bag and left for class. 
'I must not look *that* bad if  Monique liked it so much,' she rationalized. 

However, on the way to class; it appeared that everyone  was staring at her. 
'Maybe I *really* look as sexy as  Monique said,' she thought.

"Hey Bubbles, I've got MoJo GoGo in my pants!  You want  to play with him!"  A
male student snickered at her.

Laura just blushed in humiliation and looked at the  ground in front of her
feet, so that she didn't fall in  her too high platform shoes or have to look at
the  condescending eyes staring at her.  The journey to  school was like a
gauntlet of humiliation for the poor  blonde.  It appeared everyone she passed
had something  to say about her attire.

"Hey look!  It's a power puss girl!"

"Don't make her mad or she will hit you with her bimbo  ray!"

"Able to fit into clothes four sizes too small in a  single bound!"

Worse, during her class, her teacher had slipped up and  called her Bubbles,
which had everyone rolling in their  seats.  Tears welled in Laura's eyes, and
she got up  and ran out into the hall, before they threatened to  fall. 

"Laurie!  Is that you?!?"

'God!  Who can humiliate me further?' thought Laura as  she wiped the tears from
her eyes.  However, much to  her delight it was Goddess Goth, although, she
really  didn't look like a Goth anymore.  "Beth?" she asked.

"Ha ha!  We look so different; we almost didn't  recognize each another!"  Beth
laughed, hugging the  crying girl.  Then she stepped away and spun around.   She
had on a pair of purple platforms, a pink skirt,  some sort of purple bodice and
a faux leopard skin  coat.

Nothing matched.  

"What do you think Laura?  I was kind of getting tired  of the Goth look anyway
and decided to go for more of  an Ani DeFranco punk look."

"You look beautiful," Laura breathed.  This time to her  surprise; it was Beth
who blushed.

"What about my head?" Beth asked, suddenly serious.

Laura looked at Beth's shaved head and her mind drifted  back to the prior
night.  She remembered Beth kissing  her, then getting down on her knees so
Latanya would  shave her hair, instead of Laura's.  Tears came to the  pretty
blonde's eyes, as her heart glowed with warmth.   "It's gorgeous.  I think you
are the most beautiful  girl in the school." Laura said in awe.

"Come on, your turn now!  Let me see this new look of  yours!"  Beth asked.  She
watched as Laura reluctantly  spun around for her, practically preening as she
did  so.  "Mmmm, Laura, you look like such a cutie, I could  just eat you up. 
Matter of fact, I think I will."   With that, Beth hugged Laura tightly and the
kiss they  shared quickly turned passionate.

Laura was feeling a little uncomfortable standing there  in the hall, with Beth
playfully nibbling at her lips.   The blonde tried to keep her mouth tightly
closed.  She  knew that if she got caught kissing another girl, she  could kiss
her chances of getting into the sorority  good-bye.  Then the blonde could feel
a hand move up  her skirt and begin to caress her bare ass.  'Oh God!   Someone
will surely come around the corner and catch  us!' Laura thought.  She wiggled
her ass as she  struggled to keep her bottom out of this presumptuous  girl's
reach. Suddenly, she felt Beth's fingers probing  at her little brownie, before
sneaking inside. When she  opened up her mouth to squeal in protest, it was 
quickly filled by her friend's long probing tongue.   Laura's resistance faded
and she hung limply in Beth's  arms as her passion mounted.

"Does my sweet little Princess want to go to the  bathroom?" Beth asked, while
gently fucking Laura's ass  with her thumb, and adding a finger to her cunt.

"Yes,  please," Laura answered breathlessly. 

"Then, let's go baby.  You lead the way." Beth said,  keeping her fingers buried
deep inside of Laura, she  kept behind the poor blonde and steered her toward
the  women's restroom.

Laura tried to walk as best she could, but found it  difficult enough teetering
on her platform shoes, much  less with a thumb up her ass and a finger in her
cunt.   Worse, Beth was pulling the blondes ass out and guiding  it from side to
side in an exaggerated fashion with her  every step.

Luckily for Laura, they arrived to the restroom stall  without being seen. 
'This is getting to be a habit,'  Laura thought.

Next, Beth had Laura stand on top of the toilet and  then Beth did an amazing
thing.  She pulled up Laura's  skirt, and blew her warm breath on the blonde's
sex,  lightly caressing it with her tongue. 

Laura was dumbfounded.  After all she had been through  these last few days and
as many girls as she had  pleased with her tongue, she had never had the joy of 
being satisfied orally.  "Oh please, Goddess..." she  moaned. 

"What does my slut want?" teased the bald girl.

"Please lick my cunt Mistress.  Lick my juicy quim."

Beth began to suck and nibble at Laura's exposed sex,  until the poor blonde
could no longer stand up on the  toilet seat.  "Sit down slut; I want to see
your naked  body!" Beth ordered, taking off Laura's clothes as she  sat down. 
As Beth turned around to hang the shirt up  on the door hook, she felt Laura
raise her skirt over  her hips, then press her face between her ass cheeks.

"Ahh...damn!  Lick my ass baby!  Beth gasped as she  felt the blondes tongue
penetrate her little rosebud.   The feeling of having Laura's tongue probe her
nether  hole, filled Beth with confidence.  "Ewwww...you nasty  bitch, you. Your
tongue was made for my ass."

Soon the pleasure grew too much and Beth could no  longer stand.  She straddled
the toilet, facing the  wall instead of the door.  Her ass pointed back, not 
quite at the edge of the seat, almost as if she were  sitting on a motorbike. 
"Get down there slut and  finish becoming my bitch!" she ordered.  Beth 
originally had planned on giving her lover a cum first  before claiming her as a
slave, but if Beth had learned  nothing last night, she learned she needed to do
a  better job staying in control of Laura, if she wanted  to keep her.

Laura was eager to please her new friend, although she  didn't look forward to
getting down on her hands and  knees on the dirty tile floor.  'Please God,
don't let  me get caught like this,' she prayed, as she got down  on all fours. 
Her ass pressed against the door of the  stall and her legs stuck out from
underneath it.  She  rested hands on the toilet lid and proceeded to rim  Beth's
ass again.

"Oh my sweet Laura, work that tongue in there as far as  you can stick it, my
beautiful slut!"  Beth moaned.

Laura licked her friend's ass enthusiastically.  She  would have done anything
at this point to avoid getting  caught and just wanted Beth to try to keep it
quiet. 

"Mmmmppphhh!" Laura moaned in shock.  She was horrified  when she felt someone's
hand massaging her cunt!  'Oh  God, someone's in here!' she thought.  However,
her  body began to betray her as she spread her legs and  pushed her ass
underneath the door. The hand played  with her pussy, poking, prodding, and
pulling it, until  Laura was dizzy with pleasure.  Then to her  disappointment
it withdrew.

Laura groaned with need, while she kept servicing  Beth's asshole.  Her body
grew weak with desire and she  rested her chin in the gap in the toilet seat, as
she  explored Beth's tight nether channel. Then, to her  surprise, she felt the
fingers return.  Only this time  they felt cold and slimy.  She looked
underneath the  door and she could see a cup on the floor beside her  legs. 
When the hand withdrew from her sex, she watched  in amazement as it dipped into
the cup and came out  coated with a gooey pink liquid.  'Handsoap!' Laura 
thought with surprise.

She felt the fingers press into both her ass and her  cunt this time.  Laura
began to hump back against the  fingers as they were repeatedly fucked into her
tight  channels.  However, just as she was getting into the  rhythm, the hand
was withdrawn and dipped into the cup  again.  This was repeated several times,
while Laura  continued to rim Beth, who was oblivious to the other  goings on. 

To Laura's dismay, she began to feel a burning coming  from her ass and pussy. 
The soap was beginning to  sting and when she looked down she saw that foam was 
gushing from her pussy, running down her thighs into a  puddle on the floor. 
Yet, even through the painful  burning, the desire in her cunt was too strong
for her  to withdraw.  Instead, she spread her legs wider to  give the probing
fingers free roam.

"Oh God Princess - Oh Fuck - I-I'm cumming Laura!  Stroke it - stroke my clit!"
Beth ass clenched around  Laura's tongue as she began to cum. 

Laura could now feel the strange hands roaming her  lower body, coating her
thoroughly with the liquid  soap.  Then, as Beth finished coming down from her 
orgasm, the hands vanished as mysteriously as they  appeared.

"What the fuck happened to you?" exclaimed Beth in  surprise, when she saw the
foamy pink mess puddle  between Laura's thighs. 

"I don't know, but I'm so horny...." Laura whined, as  she pumped two fingers in
her foamy quim.  Then Laura  heard the tinkle of someone peeing in the restroom.  
"Oh no!  Someone else snuck in!' she whispered, and  both the girls looked at
each other in alarm. 

Then she heard an older sounding voice say, "Whoever  that is over there, wait
just a second for me to get  out of here and then we are going to get to the
bottom  of whatever deviant activities you are doing on the  college campus."

Laura was in a panic.  She yearned for an orgasm, yet  she didn't dare stay
around to find out what would  happen when the lady got out of the stall.  She
turned  around and grabbed her shirt, but in her haste it fell  down onto the
soapy mess on the floor.  She picked the  wet shirt off the floor and put it on. 
Then she  unrolled a wad of toilet paper and wiped off as much of  the liquid
soap running down her legs as possible,  before both of the girls cleared out of
the restroom. 

'Only a few minutes to find another restroom and wipe  the rest of this soap
off, before Dr. Adams's class'  Laura thought, as the soap continued to burn her 
delicate tissues.  Though the vinyl skirt kept the  fluids from bleeding
through; neither did it let them  evaporate.  Laura felt the wet secretions of
her sex  and the sticky soap as it ran down her thighs.  'Please  - please,
don't let anyone see this,' she prayed.

However, just as she turned in the hall to go to the  other bathroom, instead of
Dr. Adams's class, she felt  a hand on her hip.  "I'm glad you could make it on
time  today" said Dr. Adams.  "My-my-my, you look younger and  younger every
time I see you." The older woman said, as  she guided a very reluctant Laura
into her class.

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author unless  explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.15
(c) 2001 Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, panty, humil, Fd etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended  by sexually explicit
stories and situations. ******   

Laura sat through Dr. Adams's class as best she could,  however she was very
uncomfortable.  The soap had  continued to burn the delicate tissues of her sex, 
while it itched from her thighs down to her feet.  She  was desperate to wash
the sticky mess off, but could do  nothing until the end of class.  Worse, the
short vinyl  skirt made it impossible for her to change position;  she had to
sit rigidly with her legs crossed to avoid  flashing the class.

Finally, the class ended before Laura went crazy from  the burning soap.  As
Laura, got up and walked slightly  bow-legged to her teacher's desk, she could
feel the  various fluids begin to run down her legs.  While the  vinyl skirt
didn't allow the combination of soap and  sex juice to bleed through, neither
did it allow them  to evaporate.  "Dr. Adams, I really need to go to the 
bathroom-before our-ah session. . . it's an emergency,"  she begged.

"I'll have none of your whining Laura.   You will  follow me to my office now!"
Dr. Adams demanded.

'Why does she sound so mad at me?' Laura wondered, as  she followed her
professor to her office.

"Take off those whorish clothes slut and assume the  position in your chair!"
Dr. Adams ordered as she  locked the door behind them.

Laura began to remove her sticky clothes, wondering how  she was going to
explain the pink liquid smeared all  over her body.  'Maybe I'll tell her my
doctor  prescribed me an ointment for my condition ... yeah  that's the ticket,"
thought Laura as she placed her  legs over the arms of the chair.  When she
looked down  at her red-puffy sex, she was horrified to see that as  her nether
lips opened, pink-foamy bubbles were  beginning to leak from her sex.

"Laura, bring both of your hands to your cunt!"  Dr.  Adams looked on sternly as
Laura brought her hands from  the back of the chair and shyly covered her pussy.

Laura knew that somehow, her relationship with her  teacher had changed. 
Before, her professor had seemed  helpful in a motherly sort of way, but now she
seemed  to be cruel and domineering.  Laura could only assume  that her attire
and the messy state of her sex were the  reasons for this change in attitude.

"Now stick both of your index fingers into your nasty  twat ... that's my little
slut ... now spread them!"

Laura blushed, feeling suddenly very hot in the office.   She spread her
fingers, opening her pussy for  inspection.  Her chest began to heave, as she
watched  more of the foamy pink fluids gush from her pink hole.

Dr. Adams placed her foot on the arm of the chair,  staring down at the helpless
girl, "I require an  explanation slut ... look at my eyes, not my panties,"  Dr.
Adams said, as she placed her hand under Laura's  chin, raising her head up.  "I
think you will find it  quite impossible to lie to me now."   With that, the 
older woman reached her other hand down and inserted a  finger into the gap
created between Laura's index  fingers, which were still holding open her cunt. 
"Now  tell me how you came to be dressed like a 5 year old  slut, and why are
there pink bubbles coming out of your  cunt?" Dr. Adams removed her finger and
showed Laura  the slimy pink coating covering her finger.

"Open" Dr. Adams mouthed.  Laura didn't have to hear  the words to know what she
meant.  She winced, as she  opened her mouth and allowed the older woman to
stick  her finger in.  Tears and black mascara ran down her  cheeks, while Dr.
Adams worked the finger in and out  her lips, until she was satisfied Laura had
cleaned off  all the vile tasting fluid.  "Tell me!"  She demanded.

Laura wanted to lie very badly, but it was impossible  to lie after being
humiliated and dominated by this  powerful authority figure.  "My r-roommate
 made  me wear these s-s-slutty clothes ... I hate them.   Then
while I was having  s-s-sex in the   restroom, s-s-someone coated
 me   inside and out with liquid s-s-soap." Laura sobbed.   She
sought compassion or at least sympathy in her  teacher's eyes, but unfortunately
there was none.

 Dr. Adams pressed her advantage while she had the poor  girl on the ropes. 
"And earlier this week, when you  had your wet pussy and no underwear?" she
asked.

"I had sex in the bathroom right before I saw yooo- ohhh," Laura bawled, her
cries turning into a moan when  Dr. Adams plowed two fingers into the blonde's
cunt.

"So I trusted you and you lied to me, didn't you?"  The  older woman removed her
fingers and placed them once  again in front of Laura's mouth.

"Yes ma'am...ack" Laura replied as the two fingers were  shoved into her mouth.
She hated the taste of the soap,  it tasted harsh and it stung her mouth.  The
flavor  threatened to make her gag, but she tried to overcome  her revulsion and
please her angry professor.

"Why would you do that to someone who was trying to  help you slut?"  Dr. Adams
asked as she withdrew her  fingers from Laura's mouth and placed them at the 
entrance of her little brownie.

"I was ughhh-" Lara groaned as fingers penetrated and  explored her tight
passage. ". . . embarrassed and  scared."  Then the fingers reversed and popped
out of  her tight ass. 

"Well slut, how will I ever be able to trust you again?   Maybe the next time
you are embarrassed or scared, you  will betray me again." Dr. Adams brought the
fingers  that had been in Laura's ass up to the poor girl's  face.

Laura, could smell the perfume of the soap mixed with  the earthy aroma of her
ass on her professor's fingers.   She hesitated answering the question for fear
of what  was going to happen.  "I promise, Dr. Adams, I will  never betray you
aga-urkkk!" the blonde grimaced as the  disgusting fingers were shoved in her
mouth.  Laura had  no choice but to clean the fingers.  She hated what she  was
doing, but her pussy began to drip in response to  her treatment.

"I expect you to prove it little girl, I can't very  well trust you anymore,"
Dr. Adams got up leaving Laura  spread and vulnerable and sat down behind her
desk.   "In order for me to trust you again, you must be  totally obedient.  You
must prove that you will undergo  embarrassment or discomfort, but still remain
true to  me."

"But, Dr. Adams, I have to go to a sorority meeting at  4:00 or I will not get
accepted.  It means everything  to my mother, and I can't go there like
this...please  I'll do anything, but I must get to the sorority.  It  is the
only reason my mom wanted me to go to this  college," Laura begged.

"Well Laura, I'm not an unreasonable person, so I think  if you obey me without
question, we can get you changed  and to your sorority meeting on time.  First,
I want  you to masturbate while you sit there, but don't cum  you nasty slut."

Laura began to masturbate herself, trying to remain as  calm as possible, while
she stroked her clit and fucked  her pussy.  She purposefully avoided the hard
leering  eyes of her teacher.

"Get into it girl, I know a slut like you can perform  better than that."  Dr.
Adams commanded the blushing  girl, who sped up her movements.  "Switch hands
bitch,  lick those nasty juices off your fingers!"   She  watched smiling as
Laura followed her instructions.   "Come on girl, don't *think*, just *fuck*. 
Don't hold  anything back!"

The petite blonde began drilling her middle finger into  her cunt.  The sound of
her palm wetly smacking the  lips of her cunt could be heard throughout the
office.   She looked lustfully at her professor while she licked  the juices off
her fingers, which thankfully didn't  taste like soap anymore.  She began to
moan as an  orgasm approached. 

"Stop!  Get that hand off right now!" Dr. Adams ordered  Laura, who reluctantly
obeyed.

Dr. Adams waited until Laura's breathing slowed.  "Again," she ordered.

Laura spread her legs widely in the chair, as she  furiously worked three
fingers in her sex, in hopes of  achieving a climax before being ordered to
stop.

"Switch," said Dr. Adams, with her eyes full of lust.   She watched with delight
as Laura followed her commands  instinctively.  Soon, the young college girl was 
covered in a thin sheen of sweat, as her beautiful lean  body squirmed in the
chair.  "Stop," she commanded and  Laura obeyed instantly.  However, though her
hand had  been removed, it seemed as though the bald quim had a  mind of its
own, as it thrust helplessly in the air in  search of fingers.

"Please . . ." Laura begged.

"Please, what?" asked Dr. Adams, arching an eyebrow.   "Just look at you, young
lady.  Lying there naked and  displaying yourself in such a manner."  Dr. Adams
waved  her hands at the powerful women displayed on her walls.   "Surrounded by
all these powerful women, and what do  you have to say?"

Laura looked around the room at the pictures.  It  appeared that all the eyes
were leering at her, and at  her wet and gaping quim.  Laura tried to close her 
legs, to escape the glares, but her body would not be  denied.

"Please ma'am, I need it."  Laura blushed and looked  down at her sex.  "I need
to cum."

Grinning, Dr. Adams stood up and walked over to Laura  holding two cups.  When
she arrived at Laura's chair,  she and threw her leg over the spread girl.  This 
placed her straddling the arms of the chair, tightly  against the young blonde,
whose face was directly in  her cleavage.  Laura could feel something tickling
her  stomach and was surprised to see it was the lightly  colored hairy bush of
her teacher.  It was puzzling to  Laura, why the professor's pubes were a
lighter color  than her hair, when usually it was the other way  around.

Dr. Adams caught Laura staring at her sex. "I want to  feel those pouty lying
lips on my pussy slut.  Scoot  down and get to work," she commanded.

Blushing again, but this time from sexual stimulation,  Laura wiggled down until
her head rested on the bottom  of the chair, with her face pressed against the
older  woman's sex.  She buried her nose in her teacher's  matted bush, inhaling
the heady smell of arousal.   Laura began to lick and suck the thick labia as
she had  been taught earlier.

"Go ahead and play with your cunt, but don't cum until  I say so." Dr. Adams
ordered the young blonde.  The  older woman enjoyed the feel of Laura's tongue
as it  brought her to the edge of climax.  Usually, it took  extraordinary
amounts of time to reach orgasm, but  having Laura completely under her control
seemed to be  just the stimulation she needed.  Knowing what she was  about to
do increased her arousal many-fold. 

Dr. Adams brought one of the small cups just above her  sex and began to slowly
pour the clear liquid onto her  pussy and into Laura's mouth. 

Laura was alarmed at first, but when she smelled and  tasted the sweet nectar,
she began sucking at her  professor's cunt in earnest.  'Oh God!  It's pussy 
juice ... she must have collected it with her breast  pump,' thought Laura as
she lapped up the juices,  inhaling the aroma.

Dr. Adams poured the rest of the cup into Laura's face  and smeared it in with
her hand.  Then she began to  feel the warm waves of her orgasm building up in
the  walls of her sex.  'The trap is sprung,' Dr. Adams  thought as she brought
the other cup just above her  pussy. "You may cum now slut!" she said, as poured
out  the contents of the cup. 

Laura had been hovering on the brink of an orgasm  herself, began to stroke her
swollen clit, letting  herself go as the pleasure broke in waves throughout  her
body.  She sucked at her teacher's cunt with  abandon, feeling a thick liquid
pouring into her mouth.   'Ugh...what? What the hell?' Laura thought in horror
as  more of the foul tasting stuff flowed into her mouth  and down her throat. 
'Oh God!  Oh no! It's soap ...  it's liquid soap .. she's the one from the
restroom!'

With this realization, Laura surrendered to this  dominant woman.  Gagging, she
cleaned Dr. Adams's sex  of the liquid soap, tears running down her eyes from 
degradation. 

"That's my good girl," Dr. Adams said as she patted  Laura's head, while the
poor girl dutifully lapped at  the bubbly lather that remained in the dark
matted  pubes of her teacher.  "I may just be able to forgive  you yet my pet."

Afterwards, Dr. Adams slipped her panties back on and  spoke down to the young
blonde, laying naked and  haphazard in the chair, "Get up girl.  Proper girls
sit  up straight and keep their legs closed.  Besides you  are going to be late
for your sorority meeting," she  chided the young girl.

'Oh God!  All I have is this stupid pink outfit and now  I reek of sex!  I will
never be able to get to the dorm  and change and then be able to make it to the
meeting  on time,' thought the distraught girl.  The confused  blonde hurriedly
put her clothes back on, as tears  poured down her cheeks.  'I'm late and going
to get  kicked out of the sorority and mom will probably pull  me out of school
now.  Oh God, everything is ruined . .  . I've ruined everything,' the dejected
girl thought.

"Why are you crying Laura?" asked her professor  innocently.  Her brow furrowed
as she stroked Laura's  blonde hair.

"Look at me!" she sobbed, "I can't go to the s-s- sorority like t-this --
!  Those p-p-preppy  bitches will kick me out on my ass, if I d-d-do! 
Then  my  fucking mom will stop paying for college and  I-I-I don't know
what will . . . " she couldn't even  finish, as she broke down and fell to the
floor.

"My dear girl, I told you not to worry, didn't I?"  asked Dr. Adams, as she bent
down and comforted the  hysterical girl.  "I'm not like all those people, who 
will discard you if they see the *real you*.  Don't you  worry your pretty
little head about *anything* my pet,  Momma Patricia will take care of
everything. Now be a  good girl and go to the restroom.  Then, take off those 
nasty clothes, wash that soap off you, and wait for  momma," Dr. Adams said, as
she wiped away Laura's  tears.

Laura sobs softened and she stood up.  She wiped away  the tears and snot with
her hand, "T-Thank you Dr.  Adams," she said, before walking to the restroom to 
wait for her teacher.

'My, my, my . . . things are coming along perfectly,'  Dr. Adams thought, as she
picked up a duffle bag and  followed the young girl. 

In the restroom Laura stood naked in front of the sink,  washing the soap off
her body, when the door began to  open.  'I hope Dr. Adams has a plan,' Laura
thought  expecting her teacher to come through the door, but  instead it was
another student.  The shocked brunette  stared in shock at Laura's nudity, while
Laura tried to  conceal her charms.  'She thinks I'm a sex freak,'  Laura
blushed, as the girl turned around and hurried  from the restroom, afraid to be
alone with the naked  girl.  'Maybe, I am one.'

The door opened again and Laura's hands flew to her  breasts.  However, this
time it was Dr. Adams.   Relieved, Laura resumed cleaning herself, while her 
professor locked the door and walked over to Laura. 

"Here, let me help," Dr. Adams said.  She picked up  Laura's discarded shirt and
began to wipe the pink soap  from Laura's legs and bottom.  Laura got lost in
the  her sexual daze and began to spend a little more time  than necessary
washing the sticky soap from her pussy.

"Don't dilly-dally Laura, try to concentrate!" lectured  Dr. Adams. 

"That's all there is time for anyway.  We have to get  you dressed now," the
older woman said, as she reached  into her bag and pulled out an egg shaped
plastic and  metal device. 

"Laura, I want you to put this in your leaky little  twat," Patricia said,
handing over the device.

Laura's brow wrinkled with worry as she examined the  device.  "What is it?" she
asked.

"Laura, what did I say about obeying and trust," Dr.  Adams said.

Laura was all out of ideas, to extricate herself from  this predicament.  She
placed her foot up on the sink,  wincing when she saw how large and swollen her
juicy  quim looked.  She blushed a brilliant shade of scarlet,  when she saw her
teacher had noticed it too. As Laura  began to insert the device, a moan escaped
her lips.   'This is kind of like those balls this morning,'  thought Laura, as
the egg slid home.  'But where's the  string?' she wondered.

"Good girl, I will use that so you won't be so aroused  at your sorority
meeting."  Dr. Adams opened the  garment bag, while Laura looked on with
suspense.  Her  anxiety level increased as the older woman, slowly took  her
time in unwrapping the outfit.  'God, I'll be  ruined forever if it is another
slutty outfit.  Please,  please, let it be something *normal*.'

To her surprise, Patricia pulled out an elegant shiny  silk shimmering green
business suit.  Tears of joy  welled in Laura's eyes.  She hugged the older
woman  tightly, not caring that her body was still nude.

"Now, thank mummy for the gift," Dr. Adams said, as she  gave Laura a chaste
peck on the lips.

Of course, Laura owned many outfits that were much  nicer than this one. 
However, after wearing the skimpy  sluttish clothes she had been attired in the
last few  days, the green suit Dr. Adams had given her was like  manna from
heaven. Laura looked up at the older woman  in a new light.  Yes, Dr. Adams was
like her god  mother, "Thank you for the clothes Dr.- I mean ma'am,"  Laura
replied with gratitude. 

"Now, give mummy a kiss," Dr. Adams said.

Laura felt so ashamed of herself for lying to the  professor, especially after
everything the woman had  done to help her.  Laura, leaned forward to return the 
peck on the lip, but suddenly her cunt seemed to come  alive with pleasure! 
Laura had no idea that Dr. Adams  was already using the egg-shaped device to her 
advantage.

"Ahhhh!" Laura cried, opening her hungry mouth, as  Patricia explored the
recesses of her gums and palate  with her tongue.  Laura held on tightly,
grinding  herself on the older woman's thigh.

"Laura!  I know you are thankful, but please try to  control yourself!" chided
her teacher, as she pulled  away from the young girl's eager mouth.

Embarrassed, Laura pulled away from her professor and  turned a brilliant shade
of scarlet.  "I'm sorry - I-I  don't know what got into me," she replied.

"Okay, well let's get you dressed now." Dr. Adams said.   Much to Laura's
surprise, the older woman actually  dressed her as if she were a young child. 
The young  blonde was ashamed that her teacher treated her like a  little girl
who couldn't even dress herself.  However,  a tiny part of her reveled in the
pampering. 

"Oh dear, that hair is absolutely dreadful!" Dr. Adams  took out the bands
holding Laura's pigtails in and  using a brush and some spray from her pocket
book,  returned the blonde's hair to a professional style.   "Not much time left
to finish your face," the older  woman reached under her skirt and pulled off
her  panties and used them to wipe off Laura's running  makeup. 

Laura knew she should be upset from having her face  cleaned with a pair of
soiled panties, but she was so  thankful for the help and not to mention the
wonderful  smell, she said nothing.  She actually wished there was  a way to
bury her nose in them, without being noticed. 

"These are useless dry Laurie, stick out that sweet  tongue for me," said Dr.
Adams.

'Oh God, she can't expect me to . . .' thought Laura,  but she stuck her tongue
out and the old woman swabbed  the panties on Laura's tongue.  Laura inhaled the
sweet  sticky musk that lingered in the air, while her  professor continued to
clean her face.  Laura's tongue  darted back in her mouth and she savored the
flavor of  her teacher.

Finally, the professor applied makeup to Laura's face  then turned the blonde
toward the mirror, to let her  reflection. 

Laura was stunned.  She looked at the image in shocked  awe.  Even by her old
standards, she looked absolutely  gorgeous.  Sure, the skirt was a little short
and the  heels a tiny bit high, but they served to show off her  stunning legs
beautifully.  She still felt a naked and  defenseless without panties and a bra. 
However,  panties would look bad anyway, due to the thin material  of the thin
silk skirt that hugged her every curve.   Besides, the jacket hid the sharp
pointy nubs of her  hard nipples.

"Thank you Dr. Adams.  Thank you, so much.  I don't  know how I can ever repay
you." Laura said gratefully.

"Just call me mummy when we are not in class, dearie,"  Dr. Adams said, as she
smoothed the fabric of Laura's  silk suit.  "Besides, just seeing your pretty
face  light up is thanks enough for me.  My sweet girl, you  are like the
daughter I could never have and I want my  little girl to be a big hit at Lambda
Epsilon Alpha  tonight, just as much as she does!" beamed Dr. Adams,  as she
leaned down to give Laura a kiss on the lips.

'I don't remember telling her the sorority name,' Laura  wondered.  However, as
soon as Dr. Adams's lips touched  hers, Laura felt a throb of pleasure shoot
through her  sex and then radiated throughout her uterus, dissolving  away all
her suspicions.

Dr. Adams pulled back and stared at the object of her  desire.  Laura stood in a
daze, her lips puckered and  trembling, with her brow furrowed from pleasure.  
"Dear, if you hold your face like that, you will get  wrinkles," Dr. Adams
chided the sweet girl, bringing  her out of her daze.  "Why are you wrinkling
your face  up so?" she asked innocently, even as she secretly  fingered the
remote control in her pocket.

Thinking fast and still not able to get out of her  habit of lying, Laura
replied, "I was -ahh- just  worried about the meeting at the sorority today." 
She  couldn't bring herself to say that every time the older  woman touched her,
she felt sparks of pleasure shoot  through her sex.

"Well, I know just the thing to give you the confidence  you need, sweetie." 
Dr. Adams removed a video recorder  from the duffle bag and pointed it at Laura. 
"As a  visualization exercise, just picture the president of  the sorority naked
and you have total command of her.   See, there she is over there in that
bathroom stall.   Tell her to do some humiliating things for me, for  positive
reinforcement."

'This is really a good idea,' Laura thought, as she  imagined many of the
humiliating things that happened  to her.  "Come out of there bitch.  No, don't
stand - I  want you on your hands and knees where you belong."   Laura was
really getting into the role now.  She could  actually picture the stuck up
sorority girl there in  the bathroom.  "My-my-my, just look at you, crawl over 
here . . ."  Laura kept on in a even more lurid manner,  until Dr. Adams was
satisfied she had enough material  on the tape for her ultimate revenge.

To be continued. . .

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author unless  explicitly indicated.




The Smell of Sex Ch.16

==================

"Put you pink outfit in your bag dear, and let's get you to your sorority house,
before you are late." Dr.  Adams told Laura.

While Laura rushed to pack up her old clothes, Dr.  Adams stood fingering the
button on the remote control in her pocket, while thinking, 'Oh my, I didn't
plan on this. Not only does my little joy buzzer give Laura's cunt pleasure; it
makes me hot watching her squirm. This can be highly addictive.'

"Follow me to the car, sweetie," said the teacher, while she kept little egg
inside of Laura vibrating on low to keep the girl at a nice low boil. She could
just imagine the blonde getting turned on by watching her walk. Of course, Dr.
Adams put on an extra special show of strutting for the girl.

Soon they arrived at Dr. Adams's convertible Beamer.  Dr. Adams took Laura's
book bag from her and tossed it in her trunk. When she opened the door for
Laura, she noticed the blonde had trails of moisture running down her thighs.
"Have you wet yourself sweetie?" she asked innocently.

It was embarrassing enough being so turned on that she was uncontrollable
leaking her sex juices. Worse, Dr.  Adams asked her in such a way that she felt
like an errant girl who peed her pants. Laura stuck out her tongue and wet her
lips, as her face turned a dark shade of red. "Yes," she replied blushing.

"Be a good girl and wait there just a minute honey," Dr. Adams said, as she
walked around the car and then sat down in the driver's seat and moved the
sunglasses and books out of the way so Laura could sit down. "Now you can sit
down."

As she bent down to get into car seat Dr. Adams screeched, "Stop, your accident
will stain the skirt!"

'Oh God, how much more humiliating can my life get,' thought Laura. She turned
around to see if anyone was near. When she felt sure no one was looking; she
quickly raised her skirt and sat down bare-assed on the soft leather seat. She
rushed to close the car door behind her to hide the expanse of thigh she was
displaying.

"Oh no you don't young lady," scolded Dr. Adams, as she slapped Laura on the
thigh. "You are not going to ruin my leather seats either." Then she proceeded
to position Laura so that her long legs were parted and her pelvis was tilted
up. Dr. Adams grasped the meat of the young blonde's upper thigh and pulled it
up so that she could examine the intimate areas between Laura's legs. "Quick
Laurie, wipe it up before you leak on my expensive seats!"

Dr. Adams looked on with pride as Laura quickly wiped up the offending trail of
sexual nectar with her fingers. "That's my good girl, let's get you dried up
again and then I'll take you to your sorority meeting. Oops! There goes some
more!" the older woman said as she pointed out another wet trail of fluid. 
"Don't think I won't give you a spanking in front of the sorority house if you
stain my expensive leather seats!"

Laura swiftly captured the new stream of honey as it dangerously approached her
teacher's car seat. She watched her sex intently, lest it seek to get her in
trouble yet again. The poor girl could feel her body flush with excitement from
displaying herself in such a humiliating manner. Laura looked down in horror at
the spread pink petals of her sex, as yet another trail began to appear at the
base of her cunt. The poor girl was dismayed to discover that both of her hands
were covered in her slick juices. She did the only thing she could and licked
the musky honey from her fingers, before capturing some more nectar and licking
it off as well.

Thus, Laura fell into the rhythm of her task. Swipe-swipe-lick-swipe-swipe-lick.
Her juicy quim had blossomed and it was all the poor blonde could do to keep up
with its copious discharge. Laura was slightly caught up in the moment and then
she realized with a start where she was and what she was doing.

Laura cheeks reddened in humiliation as she turned to look at her teacher's
matronly gaze. The blonde's eyes fell from the embarrassment, while she cupped
her hand over her sex to hide her shame.

Dr. Adams stroked Laura's hair in sympathy. "You shouldn't be ashamed of it
sweetie, I think it is very beautiful. Come now, let momma have a look."

Hesitantly, Laura moved her hand away from the plump slick lips of her sex. Her
hopeful eyes gazed up longingly searching for approval from her teacher.

Patricia glanced around the empty parking lot, then back to her obedient student
and smiled. "I don't think I've ever seen such a pretty pussy, Laurie. It is so
smooth and unblemished, like a virgin's, yet at the same time it is swollen,
red, and aroused as if you were a common whore." The teacher started the car,
turned the air conditioner up and said, "Open your pretty pink lips for me and
I'll dry you with the air conditioner."

Laura scooted down further in the seat and held open her nether lips with her
right hand, while her teacher aimed the vents at her aroused sex. 'Oh! That's
cold," Laura thought, as the frosty air evaporated the moisture on her slick
mound.

Dr. Adams looked down appreciatively as chill bumps began to cover her young
student. She felt a throbbing twinge in her cunt, as she looked at the stunning
and obedient girl. Laura's nipple's had hardened and pointed through the thin
fabric of her blouse, but what caught the teacher's attention the most was her
student's clit. The cold air had caused the little nubbin to distend and
contract into a tiny little pearl.

Unconsciously, Laura had moved her left hand under her nose and inhaled the
scent of her sex, which emanated from her fingers.

Dr. Adams's be speckled eyes took notice of this little detail. "Do you like the
way you smell Laurie?"

"Yes, but . . ." Laura jerked her hand away and her lower lip trembled as she
threatened to cry again.

"Yes, but what, sweetie?" asked her professor.

A crimson red blush spread from Laura's face to her chest. "It t-t-turns me on,"
she whimpered. Laura looked up at her teacher with renewed hope and asked, "What
about the thing you put inside my - you know."

"It's called a pussy dearie, a pussy or a cunt."

"-pussy. Can't you turn it on and keep me from getting so wet?" Laura asked.

"Sure I *could* Laura, but then the batteries might run down and I want to save
them for your sorority meeting. No, I think we should wait until you get to
Lambda house."

'Besides, why on earth would I provide any negative stimulation, when you are
behaving like the perfect obedient lesbian slave,' thought the older woman.

Dr. Adams reached down, took off her shoe and handed it to Laura. "Here, your
sex is almost dry now. Put your skirt down now. Then smell this to take your
mind off the other. At least until we get to your sorority house."

Laura took her professor's shoe and wrinkled her nose up as she inhaled the
scent of pantyhose, feet, and sweat. To her dismay, she found that the smell of
her teacher's feet was erotic too. She yearned to stroke her sex, but she knew
she had to hold off until after her sorority meeting.

Dr. Adams drove the car to the sorority house and then helped Laura straighten
up, until she was the picture of a young debutante. "Okay, Laura, I'm turning
the device on now," Dr. Adams said, as she brought out the remote control and
turned the dial in the opposite direction. Now, instead of vibrating the little
egg was giving Laura small electrical shocks. "This is going to feel
uncomfortable, but it should keep you control your urges while you are at your
little meeting. I'm setting it for one hour, so the discomfort will grow until I
can switch it back off.  Make sure you meet me back outside in one hour, okay?"

Laura was wincing a little from the pain. It didn't hurt terribly bad, but felt
as if she was suffering bad menstrual cramps. "Yes, ma'am," she replied as she
opened the door.

Laura, walked up to the Lambda Epsilon Theta house, waved good-bye to her
teacher, and entered through the front door. She heard the sound of spanking
down the hall and one of the other pledges met her halfway with tears in her
eyes. 'Just what I need . . . another spanking. Whew, I'm still sore from the
last,' Laura thought as she took her place in line behind the other fidgeting
girls.

The house president Terry saw Laura in line, frowned, then walked over and
pulled her out of it. "Laura, get out of that line right now," she quietly
hissed.

'Oh no,' Laura thought, 'She knows about the stuff that has been happening to me
and she's kicking me out!' Laura felt her heart sink, when she realized she was
going to have to tell her mother, she didn't get accepted.

"Laura, leaders aren't made on the receiving end of a paddle. Since you are
going to be house president yourself one day, we have something special in mind
for you," Terry said, as she turned to walk up the stairs. "Follow me."

Laura watched Terry's ass sway as she walked up the stairs. Laura was thankful
that she had the device embedded in her to help her control her urges and she
was equally thankful she was dressed as an equal to these stuck up girls.
Although, she didn't feel like an equal, she was suffering from cramps and
having to be so concerned about everything she did or said was giving her a
headache. Laura longed for was the familiar feeling of arousal that came from
the musky smell of a woman's sex.

"In here Laura," Terry said, as she let Laura into her room and locked the door
behind the attractive blonde.  She walked over and unlocked a small safe,
retrieved a thick black photo album and sat down on the bed with Laura.

"Laura, I'm about to tell you about a tradition in this sorority that has gone
on since its founding.  Before we begin, I will give you the same choice that
was given to me and every other house president.  Promise to keep everything we
talk about in this room a secret for the rest of your life. This means you can
tell no one, not even your daughter. You have a choice to make. Walk out of this
room now and take your place with the other girls or swear to keep our secret.
If you ever tell, I promise you that every member of Lamda Epsilon Theta will
make you rue the day you were born."

'Well, if mother was able to do it, I can bear whatever the consequences are,'
Laura thought, feeling very afraid of what was in store. "I swear I will keep it
a secret."

"Good, as I said earlier in the hall, leaders aren't found at the end of a
paddle . . ." Laura blushed when she heard this, because she had spent quite a
bit of time there lately. 'If Terry only knew what happened to me in the last
few days,' Laura thought.

"Leaders are found on the backs of their inferiors.  So every year, one our top
pledges befriends a freshman girl from the honor's dorm, gains her trust, then
*ruins* her. Now, I can tell by the look on your face you think this is
horrible. But, how will you feel when you are CEO of a company and you have to
lay people off or conduct a hostile takeover of the competition. Leaders have to
be willing to make certain *sacrifices* and this is where the wheat is separated
from the chaff," Terry said seriously, as she opened up the photo album.
"Anyway, it beats kissing a nasty old skull."

She showed Laura picture after picture of young girls in various terrible
situations. One was a picture of a girl in jail, below was the comment: Caught
with drugs! Ha ha! Another was naked, dyed purple, and running through a busy
campus. What caught Laura's attention was that in white letters on the girl's
back it said, "Warning: Victim of Excessive Masturbation".

"Here, let me show you the best," Terry said proudly.  "Feast your eyes on
this!" Terry showed Laura a picture of a young pretty, if slightly geeky young
girl. She had long dirty-blonde hair and wore glasses. The girl was naked and
covered in streams of thick white semen. The thick jizm was even in her hair and
coating one of the lenses of her glasses.  Behind the girl, there appeared to be
a young man fucking her from behind. But what really caught Laura's attention
about the girl was the look of abject betrayal that blazed from her one visible
eye.  Her mouth was open, and it too was full of cum, but Laura could almost
here the girl screaming, "Why?"

Laura shivered and tried to look away from the haunting image.

"It's awesome isn't it?" Terry said, "Your mother took that picture. She
convinced that stupid bitch to blow the whole Alpha Phi house. She took the
picture the moment she told the girl, she used her. Hopefully, you will be able
to top that."

Laura nodded her head. She was just thankful she didn't have to look at the
picture anymore.

"Here's your assignment Laura. Your girl lives in room 233, her name is Susan
Tyler. We've got her school records, photo and phone number. Take them, you may
need them." Terry looked closely at the photo, then back up at Laura. "Funny, if
you had dark hair, glasses, and terrible taste in clothes, you two could pass
for twins," the house president said, as she passed the folder of materials to
Laura. Laura looked at the photo and indeed the resemblance was uncanny.

"Laura, just remember to do your homework on this girl and don't let your guard
down for a minute. These girls are smart, but emotionally and socially they are
very dumb. Use that to your advantage and you will do just fine."

Laura secured the folder with shaking hands. The poor blonde felt cold inside.
As helpless as she had been in the last few days, she had been able to depend on
the compassion of strangers. Now she was expected to gain a stranger's trust and
then betray her. A painful cramp hit Laura and she wanted desperately to be
somewhere else. Somewhere, where she didn't have to worry about hurting people
and she could feel all tingly inside again.

Another cramp hit Laura, almost making her double over. She looked at her watch
and she only had a few more minutes left before the hour was up. "I wish I could
stay longer, but I've really got to go Terry," Laura said, putting all the
information back in the folder.

"Are you sure Laura? We have a dinner planned?"

"No, I've really got to go. I want to get started the project you've given me,"
Laura almost snapped at the Terry.

She tried to just leave, but she had to give her good-byes to what appeared to
be the whole sorority.  Finally, she was able to break free from the preppy
bitches and leave. She ran pigeon-toed toward Dr.  Adams's car, as the shocks
growing ever more painful.

All of a sudden Laura's worst fears were realized.  "Oh God, not that!" Laura
moaned helplessly. Just as she turned the corner of Dr. Adams car, a shock
caused her bladder to contract, the urine staining the front of her dress and
pouring down her legs.

Laura squatted down behind the car, as the front and back of her skirt became
dark with urine. She did her best to hide from the windows of the sorority
house, until the flow stopped.

The car window rolled down and Dr. Adams looked out curiously at the squatting
girl. "What's wrong sweetie?" she asked innocently.

Laura's face flushed with redness as tears welled up in her eyes. She looked
down at her ruined skirt and the puddle that had formed underneath her. "I wet
myself," she whispered dejectedly.




The Smell of Sex Ch.17

=================

The car window rolled down and Dr. Adams looked out curiously at the squatting
girl. "What's wrong sweetie?" she asked.

Laura's face flushed with redness as tears welled up in her eyes. She looked
down at her ruined skirt and the puddle that had formed underneath her. "I wet
myself," she whispered.

"Well, just get in the car, and we'll dry you like before," Dr. Adams said.

"No," Laura slumped, her forehead resting on the door, "I *really* wet myself."

"Oh dear, I thought you were a big girl. Well, the skirt is ruined now. You
might as well take it off and dry yourself with it before you get in my car. Of
course, you could walk home. Your skirt would probably dry by the time you got
back to your dorm," Dr. Adams told the squatting girl.

'I can't walk home like this!' Laura screamed in her mind. The young blonde had
no other choice, so she quickly slipped the wet skirt off and used it to wipe up
the excess liquid on her legs and crotch, before getting into the car.

"Don't bring that filthy thing in to my car," Dr.  Adams said, pointing at
Laura's soiled skirt. "Just leave it on the ground."

Laura hesitated then dropped the skirt to the asphalt, before Dr. Adams sped
away. "Oh God, what will happen if one of the sorority girls finds my skirt,"
Laura gasped with horror.

"If you are so worried about it, when you get back to your dorm, just walk back
here with a plastic bag and pick it up, while everyone is asleep," Dr. Adams
told the fretful girl.

Laura heard a car horn and glanced at the car that had pulled up next to them.
The Explorer was full of college age boys, staring and pointing at Laura.  'What
are they looking at,' she wondered, as she looked down. She squealed then
clutched both hands over her bare sex.

"What's wrong sweetie?" Dr. Adams asked innocently.

"They are staring at my-my . . . pussy!" Laura gasped.

"You can't blame them dear, it is such a pretty pussy, they can't help but
stare," Dr. Adams said, as she downshifted and left the Ford in the dust. "You
should be proud of your plump little plum anyway.  But, if you are still shy
about it, take off your jacket and put it over your lap," the older woman chided
the girl. "Sometimes I wonder what you think about with that blonde little head
of yours."

Laura leaned forward and began to take off her coat.

"Ugh!" she grunted, as she felt her sex penetrated.  She looked down between her
legs to discover the source of her violation. It was Dr. Adams hand!

"Ugh - What - ugh - are - ugh - you - ah doing - ugh - ma'am?" the young blonde
gasped out between groans, as her sex was penetrated with her every word.

"I'm just keeping you covered, in case someone else drives by before you get
your coat off," explained the older woman.

Laura laid her coat over her lap, while Dr. Adams continued to work her fingers
into the squirming blonde's sex. Laura didn't bother to point out that her sex
was now covered and it was okay for Dr. Adams to remove her hand. It was times
like this that Laura got very confused about things. For instance, in some ways
she considered Dr. Adams as a maternal influence, yet at other times she was a
moody dominant lover. As usual, her confusion was made insignificant by the
primitive urges of her betraying body.

A body that responded to the stimulation of her swollen folds by moaning and
squirming in the leather seat, as her professor brought her dangerously close to
orgasm.

"Who does this pretty little plum belong to sweetie?" Dr. Adams asked,
withdrawing her fingers from Laura's sex and teasing her moist little nether
lips.

Laura shifted uneasily in her seat, as she tried to press her pussy into Dr.
Adams' teasing fingers. "I-I do-don't know, Momma Patricia," she stuttered.

"Well, the way you are pressing against my hand, it appears you want to give it
to me," Dr. Adams said condescendingly. "Is that what you want Laura, to give me
your pussy?"

"Ugh - yes," whispered Laura, bowing her head in shame.

Dr. Adams's lips broke into a crocodile's grin. "I'm sorry dear, what was that
you said."

"I want to give it to you . . . my pussy . . . I wa-need it, ma'am," Laura
begged.

Dr. Adams withdrew her hand from underneath the coat and lifter her finger to
Laura's lips, while the blonde groaned in frustration. Laura knew what was
expected and began to lick the pungent juices for the proffered finger, wincing
a little as she tasted not only the wonderful flavor of pussy, but the slightly
tangy remnants from her accident.

"But, why would I want your pretty pussy, when I already have one of my own,
little girl?" Dr. Adams asked Laura, while the beautiful blonde dutifully licked
the finger clean.

Laura didn't know what to do. Nor, did she understand this need within herself
to submit to this woman. 'Is this what a sub is?' Laura wondered. 'Please, just
tell me what to do and I'll do it. I just don't understand what you want.' Well,
Laura did know that Dr. Adams seemed to like it when she acted like she was a
child and her professor was her mother. She found herself trying to please this
complex woman.

"Because, I need for you to have it mummy. My pussy gets all wet and leakie; and
makes me a naughty girl.  If it was your pussy, you could make sure I'm a good
little girl," Laura said in her best little girl voice. 'God, did I just say
that?' thought Laura, as she blushed with realization of what she had asked. 
Her moist sex practically thrummed with anticipation.

"I don't know sweetie, maybe you need to show it to mummy again, so I can see if
I really want it."

Laura reluctantly removed the coat from her lap, exposing body once again.

"I can't see it very well like that dear," chided her teacher. "All I see is
your skinny little legs."

'Oh God, I can't believe I'm doing this on the freeway," Laura thought, as she
spread her legs widely, not daring to look out the window of the car.

Now Laura's plump sex was displayed openly for her teacher. Her pink swollen
lips and her engorged clit stood out prominently from her moist denuded sex,
advertising the obvious state of her arousal.

"The outside is very pretty Laurie, so sluttish, yet pure, but you are hiding
the best parts inside."

Laura's fingers found her lips and spread her cunt lewdly for her teacher's
leering stare.

"Put your feet on the dash sweetie, so I can get a better look at your little
honey-pot," cooed the older woman.

Laura knew that anyone looking at the car would see her spread legs on the dash
and know what she was doing, even if they couldn't see what she was doing; which
practically every one could, due to the size of the small car. The young blonde
exposed herself to her teacher's leering gaze and anyone who passed her, as she
spread her feet on the dash of the car. 'I look like a slut - a sub slut,' she
thought.

"Ohhh . . . it is pretty and you've already gotten it wet for me you naughty
girl." Dr. Adams took her panties out of her coat pocket and draped them over
Laura's pussy and drew the silky fabric over her sex, teasing the girl. "Do you
know what it means if I own your sluttish cunt little girl?" Dr. Adams warned.

Laura bit her lip and shook her head. Her state of arousal prevented her from
speaking.

The older woman teased Laura's sex with the silken panties, making the poor
blonde tremble with lust.  "It means I could keep you aroused like this for days
or I could see how many orgasms you could have. Maybe I would like it better if
it were pierced or if it had my name tattooed on it. Hmmm . . . what if I
decided it was too tight and I wanted to make it wider?" Dr.  Adams warned. "Are
you still sure you want to give me your pussy?"

In truth, Laura just wanted to cum. She had never been this aroused before and
she was sure it would be glorious when the moment finally arrived. Tattoos,
piercing, stretching - she had never thought about these things before, but when
she pictured Dr. Adams's name tattooed on her sex, the very thought almost made
her cum on the spot. "Yes mummy," she moaned, "I want to give my cunt to you!"

Using only the silky panties, Dr. Adams was teaching Laura how to submit. Slowly
but surely, when Laura would spread her nether lips, Dr. Adams would stroke her
with the silken undergarment. Little by little, fingers stretched delicate
folds, until the girl was whimpering as her pussy twitched between her fingers.

'Oh yes, my sub slut, you are not even going to recognize yourself after today,'
Dr. Adams thought, as she squeezed her thighs tightly together. Soon they
arrived at their destination and the professor had to make a quick right-hand
turn to lose the SUV pacing their car and staring at wanton display of Laura's
denuded pussy.

Dr. Adams pulled into a parking space at the mall and looked over at the
gorgeous girl next to her. Laura's eyes were dilated and staring off in space,
while her fingers slowly opened and closed the lips of her pussy. Each time the
lips would close, her juices would gush forth and a small moan would escape from
deep within the blonde's throat. The professor tried to summon every bit of
anger and strength she could muster to resist the urge to worship the beautiful
bare sex of her student. However, she had to have a little taste, because it had
been far too long. She leaned over and kissed the blonde's plump plum, sucking
the copious nectar that dripped from her sex, before tearing herself away from
it and gazing into Laura's eyes. "That pussy is mine, all mine," Dr.  Adam's
said. "Do you understand me my naughty slut?"

"Yes, Mi-mummy," Laura answered, desperate to be kissed down below again.

"Laurie, do you remember when I said that I understood your problem with your
leakie pussy and that it was nothing to be ashamed of?"

Laura gasped at the thought of Dr. Adams applying the breast pump to collect her
sweet secretions. "Yes, mummy," she gasped, as her pussy grew even wetter.

"Well Laurie, mummy has her own��well, here let me show you." Dr. Adams undid
the buttons on her blouse and Laura looked on jealously at the older woman's
large full breasts. Then noticed something strange, the cups of the strangely
made bra had stains on the nipple area. Patricia opened the cups so that the
nipple was exposed and Laura looked on with awe as fluid dribbled from the large
swollen nipples.

Tears filled the older woman's eyes, as she reached over and stroked Laura's
beautiful blonde locks.  "Baby, mummy's other little girl died during
childbirth. I've kept my milk going with the pump in case I was able to get my
own girl. But, when I fixed the pump so that I could help you, mummy has been
hurting and full." Patricia pinched her nipple, wincing as milk flowed down her
breast.

Laura looked at the older woman in a new light. Not only was Dr. Adam's a
beautiful and powerful woman, but she was someone who she could understand. Her
eyes welled with tears, when she realized how much she loved Dr. Adams. She just
had to think of a way to help ease her discomfort.

Laura leaned over and looked up hopefully at Dr.

Adams, her mouth open like a little baby bird.  "Mummy?" she said
optimistically, in her best little girl voice.

"Oh sweetie-pie," Dr. Adams sighed, pulling Laura tightly to her breasts. "I
love you baby, if only *you* could have been my little girl."

The young blonde took the nipple in her mouth and nursed contentedly from the
breast. Dr. Adams stroked Laura's hair and back, as she began to lightly sing to
girl. "Hush little baby don't say a word momma's gonna buy you a mocking bird."
By the time she had repeated the lullaby, there in the deserted portion of the
parking deck, her breasts were no longer so heavy and she had had a small orgasm
from the stimulation from her breasts alone.

"Come on sweetie, mommy needs to buy you another skirt."

Laura woke up from dazed bliss with Patricia's nipple being pulled from her
mouth. Soon her door opened and she was being led out by her hand. Laura felt
like there was something wrong, something that she forgot, as she walked with
Patricia to the entrance of the mall. Then she felt the cool air on her sex and
suddenly it hit her. "I'm not dressed!" she exclaimed, pulling her green silk
suit jacket down to cover the cheeks of her ass.

"Don't worry dear, we'll hurry in and no one will even see you. Besides, you've
probably worn less at the beach," Patricia soothed.

'At least, I had a bikini on at the beach!' Laura thought. She held on tightly
to Dr. Adams's hand.  She remembered when she was growing up, how ashamed she
was to have to walk with her mother, but now she clung tightly and thankfully
out of fear. "Please, mummy, let's go to the first store we get to," Laura
begged.

"Sure sweetie, anything you say." Patricia took Laura to the closest store.
However, as they entered Laura saw a familiar face. It was Erika, a girl she
went to high school with. "Not here Dr. Adams; anywhere but here," the young
girl said, struggling against the teacher's firm grip.

However, the struggles only served to raise her skirt up higher and Laura was
forced to cease struggling and to go along. "Remember to call me mummy or I will
have to spank my little girl," admonished the older woman.

Laura was now fully terrified. She was going to have to endure this trial or
risk further embarrassment from someone who knew her from her former life. 
Laura's hope of getting something and quickly leaving was soon dashed as Dr.
Adams walked right up to her old classmate. "I would like to buy some new
outfits for my little girl. You will have to forgive the state she is in, but
she had a little accident today."

"Laura?" Erika asked incredulously, choking back a laugh.

"Hi, Erika." Laura mumbled, blushing with humiliation.

"Come on sweetie, let's get you to the dressing room." Dr. Adams led Laura to
the dressing room and closing the door behind, she proceeded to strip her of all
her clothes.

"Erika, could you come here a minute dear," Dr. Adams yelled out into the store.
Erika was there almost immediately. She had stayed just out of sight, so she
wouldn't miss out on any other surprises from Laura.

The door was opened and Laura struggled to hide her bare sex and her small
breasts from Erika and any other store patrons.

Dr. Adams handed Erika the clothes Laura had been wearing. "Be a dear and throw
those away for me, Erika . . . and Erika, would you mind terribly if I left you
in charge of picking out some nice outfits for my Laura. I'm looking for
something that you young girls wear, yet I don't want her to get too full of
herself. You know, something fun and playful that screams: look at me, I watch
MTV."

Laura tried to grab Patricia's hand, so that she wouldn't be left alone with
Erika, yet the older woman was already leaving the dressing room.

"And if she gives you any trouble, just give her a little spank on the bottom to
keep her in line," Dr.  Adams said as she left.

"Don't worry Miss, I'll take good care of Laura," Erika said sweetly, then
glancing at Laura with a terrifying grin.

Laura was afraid to look, but eventually she met Erika's shining blue eyes. The
red-haired girl grinned wickedly, "Do you remember the hell you bitches put me
through in high school Laura?"

Laura nodded her head. She was very afraid indeed right now. "I'm sorr-" she
began.

"Oh, I bet you are . . . now!" interrupted Erika, before she turned and left a
very naked and scared Laura, waiting in the little room, while she discarded of
her clothes. When she returned she told Laura, "Come on Laura, let's go pick out
some clothes for you." Then, she opened up the door to the dressing room.

"Wait!" cried Laura, covering her breasts and sex with her hands. "You don't
expect me to go out her like this, do you?" The hapless blonde looked out into
the store. Luckily, it was empty. However, she could see a lot of activity in
the mall at the entrance.

"How else are we going to find something in your size that you like?" asked
Erika. "Don't make me spank your bottom. That could attract a lot of attention,
which you probably don't want . . . in your state." The sales girl looked Laura
up and down, making the poor girl feel even more vulnerable. "Better hurry
before we get some customers."

Laura ran out with the young girl to the first clothing rack in the store.
Unfortunately for Laura, it was just silk scarves.

Then the unthinkable happened. "Oh no Laura, here comes someone. Get down -
quickly," hissed Erika.

Laura obeyed without hesitation, quickly dropping to her knees. "Back up into
the rack, I'll hide you," whispered the Erika.

The scared blonde, was comforted by the fact that as dark as it was no one would
be able to see her. As her eyes became accustomed to the darkness, she gasped
when she realized where she was. Most of her body was hidden beneath Erika's
skirt and her face was pressed tightly against the crotch of her panties.

"Shh, be quite Laura," Erika whispered.

However, Laura had other things on her mind. She tried to resist, but light
spicy scent from the young girl's panties beaconed. Soon, Laura found her nose
buried within the satin covered folds of the sales girl's sex. In the back of
her mind, she knew she shouldn't be doing what she was doing and that Erika
would tell everyone she used to know that Laura was now some kind of kinky
lesbian, but Laura couldn't help herself. Her she opened her mouth and breathed
her hot breath through the weave of the heavenly scented satin.

"Oh God Laura, *what* are you doing?" whispered Erika.

In answer, Laura's tongue swabbed up and down her former classmate's panties.
When she didn't meet any resistance, she pulled the panties to the side and
drove her tongue between the wet swollen lips.

"Oh, lick it you queer little cunt licker. Ugh, wait till I tell everyone about
this. Ah, right there -oh-fuck! Harder slut!"

Erika came wetly, soaking Laura's face with her juices.

"Oh no Laura, someone is coming over here right now.

Stay down and follow me quickly."

Laura crawled as fast as she could and followed the sales girl.

"Stand up and don't move a muscle," warned Erika, as she opened a door. Then she
lifted Laura up and took her inside. Laura's stomach sank to her feet when she
realized where she was. It was the worst place she could imagine; she was in the
front store window of the store. Anyone walking by would be able to see her very
naked body.

Laura's hands moved to cover her body, as she felt herself begin to
hyperventilate. "Stop Laura or you'll give yourself away! Hold perfectly still
and everything will be alright." Laura obeyed unconsciously and Erika rubbed her
back comfortingly.  Laura was amazed that the people walking by weren't
clamoring for her arrest. "See silly, they think you are a mannequin," explained
the sales girl and she was right; with no pubic hair and a waifish model's body,
Laura could easily pass for a mannequin. The only thing that gave her away was
the blossoming petals of her sex that glistened with arousal. This was soon
taken care of when Erika wrapped the very thin silk scarf around Laura's hips.
If any of the mall patrons walking by had looked carefully through the fabric of
the scarf, they would have been very surprised to see a very life-like pussy on
the very beautiful mannequin. As it was, most people just glanced up at Laura as
they walked by and Laura did her best to not move a muscle.

'Oh no, she wouldn't,' Laura thought to herself, as she felt a fingertip tracing
the curve of her ass.  Erika stood just out of sight, and used her free hand to
explore underneath Laura's make-shift skirt with impunity. She was delighted to
find that Laura was leaking her sweet nectar down her thighs; she only hoped the
little bitch was enjoying this as much as she was. Soon, she slid a finger into
the velvet channel of Laura's sex, finding particular satisfaction in the long
drawn out "Nooooaaaahhh. . .  " escaping from Laura's slightly parted lips.

"Oh yes, Laura. Now, poor little helpless Laura gets to find out how I felt all
through high school. You have no idea how much I'm going to enjoy this."

The finger in Laura's pussy sped up its thrusting and soon another joined the
first. Laura looked out at the crowded mall and wondered if anyone suspected
what was going on before their very eyes. 'Those eyes . .  .' thought Laura.
'Those eyes are holding me captive more effectively than a pair of cuffs ever
could.' The helpless blonde slowly almost imperceptibly thrust her ass back, so
that Erika could have better access to her sex.

"Naughty girl!" scolded Erika, as she probed at Laura's ass with a moistened
thumb. "Is my little exhibitionist going to cum in front of all these people?"
She laughed when she felt Laura's pussy and ass clench in response. "Oh yes, you
are going to cum aren't you? You are going to cum for the high school geek!"

Laura knew that Erika was right. She was trying to quell the wall of pleasure
that threatened to burst forth from the dam of iron will Laura erected, however
those eyes. 'All those eyes looking at me; staring at me being fingered -
fingered and fucked right before their very eyes. Oh fuck! I'm going to cum in
front of all these people!' Laura's delirious mind thought as she was driven to
climax by the insidious fingers working in her sex and rear passage.

This orgasm was unlike any Laura had felt before.  With her body unable to
consummate the pleasure by responding, she felt one climax burst after another
as Erika played her taunt body like a violin. Erika listened to the high-pitched
whine coming from Laura to gauge the blonde's response and took her to an ever
ascending wave of pleasure. The small orgasms were taking their toll on Laura
and the poor girl felt like she did when she shinnied up a pole as a little
girl.  It was pleasurable, but becoming increasingly uncomfortable.

Laura peered out at the people walking to and fro in the mall and her eyes
settled on Dr. Adams, sitting on a bench. Looking closer she saw the older woman
lick her lips and then wink at her. 'Oh God! She's seen me!' Laura realized.
With this realization, Laura surrendered to the orgasm and started thrusting her
hips in time with Erika's probing fingers.

Luckily Erika pulled Laura's squirming body out of the window, before anyone
could surmise what was going on.  "Come on Laura, let's go back to the
stockroom," whispered Erika, as she took Laura's hand and pulled her toward the
back of the store.

Laura pulled the sales girl to her and kissed her deeply. "Please, fuck me! Fuck
me now. Oh God, I'm begging you," Laura pleaded, while she humped the leg of her
former classmate.

Erika obliged, working her fingers in Laura's sex and smothering her cries with
her mouth, until the blonde hung limply in her arms.

Erika lowered Laura to the ground and said simply, "Slut." Working quickly she
dressed the compliant girl before any customers went into the store. Dr.  Adams
appeared just as she put the finishing touches on the outfit. They were very
personal touches indeed, because Erika couldn't find a miniskirt that screamed
slut loudly enough. She took a pair of scissors and placed two slits up the
sides to create her own.

"Oh dear!" Dr. Adams gasped, when she saw Laura sitting on the floor in a black
miniskirt that looked more like a loin cloth. Her freshly fucked cunt was on
display to anyone who walked by. Her top consisted of a shiny metallic
half-halter that left her back uncovered and drew attention to her hard nipples.
It was made to show off a woman's breasts, but where on a better endowed woman,
it would show hints of her swell, on Laura it would show off everything she had
with the slightest movement. Then there were the silver platform shoes that
screamed tramp, due to their impossible height. A pair of large hoop earrings
completed the look; Laura was a slut.

When Erika saw Dr. Adams reaction, she thought maybe she had pushed things too
far and wondered if she might get fired for doing this to a customer. "I can get
something a little more conservative if you would like ma'am."

"No, no, not at all. If this is what you kids are wearing nowadays, then I want
Laura dressed like this as well." Dr. Adams paid for the clothes then walked
back to where Laura was still sitting in a state of post-coital bliss. "Come on
sweetie, let's go," she said, while she helped Laura stand."

"I think it best if you walk a few paces behind me dear," Patricia told Laura.




The Smell of Sex Ch.18

==================

Laura let Patricia walk ahead and wondered why the older woman didn't want to
walk with her. Then as she passed the front of a clothing store, she saw a young
blonde that looked like a streetwalker walking on the other side of the aisle.
Laura watched the girl's long legs and her exposed hip flexing in the too high
slits of her miniskirt. She stumbled and almost fell when she realized that it
wasn't a hooker after all; the girl reflected from the mirror was her!

She blushed in humiliation and then looked around at everyone's stares. Some of
the leering people looked at her with lust, while others with disgust, but they
all looked at her. She kept her eyes glued to Dr. Adams walking in front, while
she blushed with humiliation, not daring to look at anyone else, as she followed
the older woman to a beauty salon.

Dr. Adams walked in and told the perky blonde behind the counter, "My Laura is
here for her appointment."

'Appointment?' Laura thought, 'I don't have an appointment.' But before she had
a chance to think about what was transpiring, Laura was directed back to a chair
in the back and her hair was washed. While Laura was otherwise occupied,
Patricia took the remote that controlled the small egg in Laura's pussy and
began to tease the young blonde with varying intensities. Laura fought to
control the fire burning in her sex, but it was useless. She reached down and
pulled her skirt up so that she wouldn't ruin it, thankful that she was covered
by the black smocked draped from her neck. She was vaguely aware that chemicals
had been applied to her hair and she guessed that maybe Dr. Adams thought she
needed a little different tone.

While Laura waited with her hair wrapped in strips of foil, her hairdresser was
whispering to the other women working at the salon and pointing at Laura. It
seems the woman had never met a real-life nymphomaniac before. And Laura
certainly *had* to be a nympho. What else could explain the way the girl was
dressed or the way she was softly moaning while her hair was cut and dyed. The
hairdresser was sure she had seen the tell-tell movement of a hand beneath the
black smock. The mewling sounds coming from Laura's throat and her half-lidded
eyes were a dead giveaway of the state of her sexual excitement.

However, nothing prepared Laura for what happened an hour later when the
hairstylist turned Laura around to face the mirror again. Laura was no longer a
blonde, but a very curly haired brunette. Laura stared openmouthed at her
reflection, while Dr. Adams put a pair of glasses on Laura.  Laura was just
about to argue that she didn't need glasses.  Then Laura's mind drifted back to
the picture of the geek she was supposed to humiliate. Laura looked just like
the girl in the picture. Her lip trembled as she took in the implications.

Dr. Adams comforted Laura by massaging her shoulders. "I imagine you must have a
lot of questions by now, don't you sweetie?" Then she neatly tucked Laura's now
dark hair behind her ears. "Well, please be patient for just little longer and I
will tell you everything as soon as we get home."

Laura left a daze. She was so busy thinking about what was going to happen to
her; she didn't even pay any attention to the leering stares of the mall
patrons, as they made their way back to Dr. Adams's car.

Laura got into the car and turned to Dr. Adams. "Dr.

Adams, what is go-"

Dr. Adams put a finger to Laura's lips. "Call me Mummy - remember." Then she
trailed the finger down between the former blonde's breasts and snuck it beneath
Laura's skirt.

"M-mummy, what  is  going Ohhn!" Patricia's fingers gave Laura
something else to think about and soon the young girl's doubts were replaced by
the mounting passion coming from her sex. She lost herself to the sensations of
the fingers exploring her pussy and didn't come around again until they had
arrived at Dr. Adams house.

*******************



"Okay sweetie, when we go into my house, there is going to be a few women there
who are going to want to meet you.  I'm warning you in advance that some of
these women may be upset when they see you, but I promise that Mummy won't let
anything happen to you sweetie." Dr. Adams stroked Laura's newly permed and dyed
hair, comforting her while the young girl dutifully licked the juices from the
older woman's fingers. "Now, I want you to promise me that you will be a good
girl and tell the truth, like we discussed. Do you promise, sweetie?"

"I promise, mummy. But, when are you going to tell me-" Laura whined.

"Shush, I'll tell you what you need to know inside. Be sure to bring the
envelope dear." Dr. Adams and Laura got out of the car and the two walked hand
in hand into the house.  Laura carried the envelope which contained a picture of
a girl who looked exactly like she did. She wondered how much Dr. Adams knew and
why she had wanted her to look like this girl.

When they entered the house Laura looked around at the nicely furnished house.
Laura noticed about seven women in the living room of the house. There were
several gasps when Laura entered and all of them had angry stares. Laura was
certain that they didn't like her; she assumed it was because she was dressed
like a prostitute. However, she couldn't have been further from the truth.

A short auburn haired woman cried out in rage and jumped up and ran toward
Laura. Laura cringed in fear, expecting to be pummeled by the maniac. Luckily,
two of the other women grabbed her before she could reach Laura.

"Bitch! Whore! I hate you! You ruined me! You ruined my goddamn life!" the woman
raged, struggling against the arms that held her. She spat in Laura's face -
twice. Poor Laura trembled, holding Dr. Adams's hand tightly for security; even
giving it an extra squeeze to remind her of her promise to protect her.

Patricia's free hand shot out and slapped the crazed woman in the face. "Cindy!
Get a hold of your self!" she demanded, which seemed to calm the woman down, but
her chest still heaved and her eyes danced crazily.

Dr. Adams let go of Laura's hand and reached up to stroke her hair. "Ladies, let
me remind everyone here, not to confuse Laura with the girls who caused you so
much pain." Dr. Adams's hand moved down and undid the bottom tie of Laura's
shirt then her fingers trailed to the top tie.  "Here, let Laura prove that she
isn't like those sorority sluts at all."

Laura prayed Dr. Adams knew what she was doing, because these women looked
positively hostile toward her. "Hands behind your neck sweetie," Dr. Adams said.
As Laura clasped her hands behind her neck as ordered, she felt the other tie
undone and her top fell to the floor. Laura blushed being exposed this way and
the feeling of helplessness was magnified ten-fold by the angry belligerent
stares of her audience.

Patricia's hands moved to Laura's hips and the former blonde knew what was next.
The miniskirt was pulled down her hips and she stepped out of it. She could feel
the stares as all the women looked at her shaven aroused sex.  She could hear
some of them whisper. "pst-would you look at that . . . it's so big . . . she's
dripping . . ."

"Kneel down now Laura and spread your legs. Now, Look up lat momma now and open
your mouth. C'mon dear, like a little birdy," Dr. Adams cooed.

Laura had never felt so exposed and helpless before, but she did as she was
commanded. She knew the only thing standing between her and these crazy women
was Dr. Adams.  To her horror, she saw a ball of spit form between Patricia's
lips and string down toward her open mouth. The young girl knew that this was
some sort of test and she was determined to pass it. She kept her mouth open
even after the saliva dripped into it.

"See, Cindy, Laura is a good girl. She's one of us now."

Cindy looked a little unsure then her eyes gleamed and she spit in Laura's open
mouth. Laura felt revulsion, but she didn't let it show. Patricia tilted her
head back up and Laura swallowed the disgusting fluids down.

"Now thank Miss Cindy for her gift," Dr. Adams said.

Laura looked down at Cindy's Birkenstocks and said, "Thank you Miss Cindy."

After Laura expressed her gratitude, she could feel the tension leave the room.
She looked up and was pleased to see that most of the women seemed to be happy .
. . even Cindy.

Dr. Adams reached in her purse and pulled out some photographs. "Laura, be dear
and pass these along. A picture tells a thousand words you know." she said, as
she handed them to Laura one at a time.

Laura couldn't believe it. She blushed and trembled in total mortification as
she looked at each picture. There was a picture of her masturbating while
sniffing Monique's panties. Another showed her getting fucked by Latanya and
Tamara. There were others that contained almost every humiliating act she had
committed. Worse, it looked as if Laura enjoyed every moment. Laura's distraught
mind threatened to cave under the stress, as she wondered how many people were
in on this bizarre plot to humiliate her.

"See Laura, you don't know this, but all the women in this room including
myself, were a victim of your sorority's hazing. Poor Cindy was dyed purple and
dropped off on campus with 'Victim of Excessive Masturbation' written on her
body. No one here ever asked for this; it was just some sick stunt for a little
rich bitch to get her wings so to speak.

"I was the first person to figure out the Lamda girls did this every year, but
after what they did to me, I couldn't very well go to the police. I decided the
only way to get back at them, was from the inside. Then, I had a brilliant idea:
We take the former president of your sorority's daughter, and have her room with
a girl that would be . . .  how should I say it . . . likely to put her in her
place if she acted like a rich little bitch. Ha-ha, I have to hand it to
Monique, the girl went far beyond all our expectations. I dare say you have
endured far more than all the women in this room, with the exception of me."

Dr. Adams knelt down on the floor behind Laura and whispered in her ear. "You
can put your arms down now sweetie." Laura did and felt Patricia's strong arms
encircle her lean body.

"Laura, I meant what I said about you being the daughter I never had. I love you
and I hate what has happened to you, me, and all these women. It is all the
fault of those rich bitches at your sorority. Will you help us put things right
so this doesn't happen again?"

At first, Laura was torn and conflicted after she heard the truth. She had been
used and humiliated, worse, she had enjoyed it. Yet, all these other women had
endured humiliation before as well and Laura felt a sort of bond with them that
she felt lacking at her sorority sister's today. Then, Laura heard Dr. Adams
sniffling and could feel the cold wet tears as they fell upon her bare shoulder.
Suddenly, Laura knew she had to help . . . had to betray her sorority and her
mother . . . had to stop her other mummy from crying.

"I-I-I want to help," she said, as she turned around and wrapped her arms around
Dr. Adams and hugged her tightly.

"Thank you Laura," Dr. Adams said, kissing her passionately as her eyes turned
from sorrow to cold steel. "Come on girls; let's train her for what she needs to
do."

**********************





After the practicing for an hour with Patricia's friends, Laura called Terry and
asked her to meet her with another of the sisters at the honors dorm at 9:00.
They were given instructions to go to room 233, the dormroom of the girl who had
been chosen for Laura to humiliate.

The girls arrived a little after nine and they hurried up to room 233, careful
to not be seen. Terry was a little nervous to be walking into enemy territory,
but it came with the job. When they entered the dorm Terry immediately noticed a
note taped below the TV, with an arrow pointing at the VCR below that said,
"Turn me on!"

Terry had to hand it to Laura, whatever her scheme was, it was certainly
original, and she couldn't wait to see what was in store. She turned on the VCR
and the tape began to play what Laura recorded earlier that day in the bathroom.

"Come out of there slut! Let us get a good look at you!"

Terry was surprised when closet door slowly opened and Laura stepped out. With
her glasses and hair dyed and curled neither of the sorority girls recognized
her as Laura, but as the geek she was chosen to humiliate. Terry was amazed that
Laura could transform the geek from the picture into such a slut in just one
day.

From the neck up Laura looked like a typical honor student, yet that's where the
resemblance ended. With her extremely high platform sandals, her micro mini with
slits up the sides showing off her ass and thighs and a too large backless shirt
that exposed her breasts; it was clear this was a slut.

"Strip you dirty little whore!" The tape ordered. Laura couldn't help but see
the irony that she was humiliating herself. She hesitantly stripped off her
clothes before the smiling sorority girls, all the while praying they wouldn't
recognize her. However, the girls' attentions were on the words written in
bright red lipstick on her small breasts and stomach that read, "SLAVE 4 A
NIGHT".

"Crawl over here. Crawl over here and kiss her feet!" continued the tape.

"Unbelievable," Terry said in wonder as the obedient geek crawled over to her
and began to lick and suck on the leather of her heels. "I think this might be
the best stunt ever."

Though Laura's image had frozen on the tape, her voice continued. "Suzy here
will do whatever you tell her to tonight. I've already had my fun with her.
Spank her, write on her, take pictures, in short have a ball. She'll do
everything you say for the next hour. If she doesn't just call 555-4088 and a
computer will automatically send off some picture she can't afford for anyone to
see."

"She did make me promise that I wouldn't make her do any lezzie stuff though.
She said she would do anything but *that*.

'Anything but that huh?' Terry thought, as she stripped off her clothes, before
the wide-eyed stares of her sorority sister and little geek Suzy. She picked up
the phone and looked down at the horrified face looking up at her. "Eat me you
little geek."

After seeing the little geek's hesitation and horror, Terry turned to dawn and
said, "What was that number Laura mentioned, Dawn. Hmmm, I believe it was
5-5-5," she said, pushing the digits on the phone.

"Please, Laura promised," Suzy begged.

"But I didn't promise anything," said Terry. "4-0-8 - mmmmmm, I thought you
would see it my way." Terry put the phone down and enjoyed the feel of the mouth
that was pressed against her pubes.

In reality, Laura wanted nothing more than to bury her tongue in Terry's lovely
quim, but the ladies had been very explicit on what she should do. She was
supposed to be reluctant and not proficient at what she was doing. As a result,
Laura was only allowed to smell the pungent musky aroma emitting from the sex in
front of her face.

"Come on Suzy Q, I want to feel your tongue." Terry demanded. Then, she felt a
tongue rolling clumsily through her sex. She got off on the power she exerted
over this girl, but unless the little slut became more proficient, she was only
going to grow increasingly frustrated.

"Is the Q for queer Suzy? If it is, you're not a very good queer. Your tongue
has no rhythm, you clumsy slut," Terry sneered.

Laura got a little pissed at Terry's comments and gave her a taste of real
pleasure as she held the girl's little button between her lips and flicked her
tongue back and forth across it. She was pleased when Terry moaned and dropped
to her knees. 'Stupid bitch, who's clumsy now,' she thought.

Laura kissed her way up Terry's stomach and then lightly bit her teeth into the
girl's hardened nipples. She frenched the young snob, letting her taste her own
flavor and buried a finger in her sex to make sure she didn't pull away.

'Okay, now for the hard part,' thought Laura was she reached her hand over to
the right and snuck it up Dawn's skirt and felt her panties to see if they were
wet. The petite blonde didn't resist, not even when Laura pulled the girl
between she and Terry, then pulled her skirt and panties down to her ankles.

"I believe Suzy queer is getting into this," said Terry as she helped undress
her friend.

Laura kissed her way along the cleft of the Dawn's sex, tickling her labia with
her tongue. She opened the gate with her free hand and drank greedily from the
mouth of her sex. With her other hand she grabbed Terry's hand. 'Can't have you
masturbating, bitch,' she thought, placing Terry's hand on Dawn's hip. She
withdrew her mouth from Dawn's sex and kissed Terry, giving her a sample of her
friend's taste.

'Time to put your mouth to work Terry,' Laura moved her head up so that in order
to maintain the kiss, Terry's face was buried in the Dawn's bottom. Laura pulled
her mouth away slightly and their tongues danced together outside of their lips.
Then Laura reached her tongue up and lightly tickled Dawn's little brownie
drawing a moan out of the quivering girl.

'Your turn now Princess,' Laura thought, as she danced her tongue with Terry's
again and then led it back up to join hers as it pleasured Dawn's ass. Dawn
stood trembling in the air, suspended between the both girl's mouths, until she
too collapsed and fell.

Laura guided Dawn down to the floor on her back, with Terry straddling her face.
Laura moved down and began to lick Dawn's pussy, giving the girl a few pointers
on how to do the job properly. Judging from Terry moans and convulsions, it
appeared the girl was a quick study.

Next, Laura placed her hand behind Terry's head and pushed the moaning girl into
Dawn's pussy. Terry instinctively explored her sorority sister's engorged sex.
Laura sat staring at the two gorgeous blondes engaged in a sixty-nine, as they
discovered the pleasure of lesbian sex for the first time.

Part of Laura wanted nothing more than to join in with the two pretty girls.
However, another part reminded her she had a job finis. Besides, Laura knew
whose sweet mouth she wanted to feel making love to her sex, and it didn't
belong to either of the self-centered bitches on the floor.

Laura felt herself becoming angry at these girls as she remembered what Dr.
Adams and all those other women had suffered at the hands of the sorority. She
forgot the plan Dr. Adams had laid out for a moment and she took out her anger
on the ivory cheeks of Terry's shapely bottom.



"Eat her pussy you little sorority slut!"



"Come on faster! Faster! Ride her face you college queer!"



In the back of Terry's mind, she knew she had somehow lost control of the
situation and that the tables had been turned. Part of her screamed that this
was not right, that this was what she should be doing to the little geek. 
However, she was experiencing far too much pleasure from Dawn's silky tongue to
salvage her pride. Besides, she found that the spanking she was receiving turned
her on even more.

When she noticed that the spanking had stopped, instead of relief, she longed
for more. She looked up and saw Suzy at the door with an armful of clothes and
then it clicked in her head. Suzie sounded just like Laura when she talked!

Laura smiled and waved at Terry, who felt her orgasm welling up at the worst
possible time.

"Surprise Sorority Sluts, you're on Lez TV!" Laura said, as she pointed to the
television.

Sweating and bucking her hips, Terry turned to look at the TV in horror. "Ugh!
No! No! Stop-Ugh-Dawn-Ugh-please-stop-fuck-not-now-" she screamed, but it was
too late; the orgasm blossomed deep in her cunt and she trembled in the throes
of her climax. She watched in horror as her every tremor was caught on the
television. At the bottom of the screen the initial of her sorority was
displayed, but the T had a red Z marked over it, displaying LEZ T.V. She was not
in a state to care about such things right now, but if she knew that by now,
everyone that lived on campus was watching this channel, she would have died of
embarrassment.




The Smell of Sex Ch.19

=================

At that moment, the door opened again. Terry looked up hopefully, expecting to
see Laura back with their clothes.  Instead, she was greeted by a large group of
girls armed with water guns, who rudely ended the lovemaking with blasts of
icy-cold water. Screaming, the two naked girls grabbed the bed sheet, and rushed
out the door, to the jeers and laughing of the crowded halls of the Honor's
dorm.

Terry and Dawn finally made it to her car, but too late, she realized the key
was upstairs in the dorm. The crowd of water pistol armed girls soon
followed,cheering and spraying water. By now, the water-soaked sheet displayed
more than it hid of the two girls wrapped inside. With the cheering crowd
drawing more onlookers by the second, the two hapless girls did the only thing
they could: They fled crying on foot.

The journey back to their sorority was hell. Their dainty pampered feet were
unused to walking to the rough pavement and gravel and the wet sheet drew the
heat from their bodies, making their teeth chatter and forcing them to huddle
closely for warmth.

At every dorm and greek house, onlookers pointed and laughed at them. The
onlookers shouting out, "Lezzie sluts!" as they passed. Little did the girls
know that written in magic marker on the inside of the sheets were those very
words. Not visible when dry, but very much so when wet.

Things didn't get any better when the reached the sanctuary of the sorority
house. On the eave of the house, the letter T had been Z'd out with red spray
paint. It was now the LEZ house.

In the front yard, several girls appeared to be packing their belongings in cars
with tears flowing from their eyes.

When Terry and Dawn showed up on the front lawn, one of the girls pointed at
them. "There they are!" she screamed.

Instead of being greeting with console and comfort, Terry was greeted by
profanities and worse.

"Look everyone, the sluts are back!" one of the girls accused.

"Please, you don't understand. We were set up-" Terry explained.

"Sluts-Bitches. You've ruined it for us all! Nobody is staying. The sluts-the
Lez sluts! The phone has been ringing off the hook and it's all because of you.
Get out of here you dyke bitches!" one of the sorority girls demanded, throwing
a notebook and hitting Terry in the head, while Dawn hid behind.

"Terry, I'm scared. Let's just go," whispered Dawn.

'Where to?' Terry thought, then pleaded her case with the sisters again.
"Please, at least let us get our clothes."

Her answer was a clod of dirt in the face, while another hit her stomach. The
two girls turned as one and fled the house, with clods of dirt and grass pelting
them from behind.

They ran across the street and Terry noticed a girl sitting in a convertible
BMW, calmly singing to herself, unaware of the proceedings. Terry knocked on the
window, praying that the girl wouldn't flee from the two strange girls covered
in only mud and a sheet.

The window slid down, "What can I do for you girls?" asked Monique, arching an
eyebrow.

"Please help us," begged Terry. "Hurry, those girls are after us," added Dawn,
bouncing nervously up and down.

"Who, those sorority bitches?" inquired the dark-skinned girl.

"Yes-yes-yes!" pleaded Dawn, as she took a more active role. She had played
along with Terry and look where it got her . . . covered in a sheet and chased
by an angry mob.

"Well, get in. I hate sorority bitches," the driver said, as she unlocked the
door.

The two girls went to open the door, but the lock snapped back down again. "The
muddy sheet stays, I just got this car," warned the dark goddess.

"Bu-but-we're-n-naked," pleaded Terry.

Dawn slipped out from behind Terry and the driver unlocked the door again. The
naked girl quickly got into the car and said, "You can keep your sheet Terry,
I'm going."

"Bu-bu-" Terry started, but her head dropped, along with the sheet. She meekly
slid into the car, sharing the cramped seat with her sorority sister.

The black girl sped off, flipping the chasing girls the bird as she left.
"Hello, you pretty things, my name is Monique."

"I'm Dawn," the closest girl replied.

"My name is . . . T-Ter-I'm Tina," Terry said, thinking it best to use a fake
name.

"What's wrong with your little friend Dawn? Is she so dim, she doesn't even know
her own name?" Monique inquired, rubbing her hand on the girl's bare thigh.
"What is your pretty friend's name Dawn?"

"It-It's-" Terry sputtered.

"Did I ask you? No! I asked Dawn!" Monique shouted at the cringing naked girl.
"Now, tell me Dawn," Monique's voice dripped syrupy sweetness, as cooed to the
younger girl.  "What is your girl's name?"

Dawn thought about covering for Terry momentarily, but she had already given her
real name, so why should she cover for her friend. Besides, Monique seemed to
like her much more than Terry, and it was nice to be treated superiorly.

"Her name is Terry. Terry Pinehurst."

"She must not be very bright, if she doesn't even know her name," Monique
chided, as she pulled Dawn's thigh slightly open. "Eww, those girls wet you
pretty good. You've got to dry yourselves before you ruin my leather. Hmmm . . . 
I've got just the thing. Dawn, be a dear sweetie, and pull my panties out from
under my skirt for me."

Monique watched, as Dawn tried to reach over and under the skirt, but the girl
had no leverage. "You are probably going to need both hands sweetie," Monique
encouraged.

The little rich girl knelt on the floor board and reached under the Monique's
ebony bottom and tried once again to no avail. She lifted her hands up so that
Monique was off the seat, but then she didn't have a hand free to remove the
silken garment.

Monique smiled at her difficulty and said, "Maybe we should let your dim little
friend give it a try."

Dawn saw a danger in losing her place as the smarter of the two girls. She
leaned forward and grabbed the edge of Monique panties between her teeth and
slipped them down Monique's ebony hips.

"There, that's my girl," Monique cooed.

Dawn basked in the glow of praise, as she removed the panties out from under the
Monique's heels and sat back down, then proceeded to wipe the water from her
face and chest. The panties smelled strongly of sex, but she was so glad for the
safety and comfort, she didn't care.

"Now get all of that wet stuff out of there," Monique said, motioning to Dawn's
crotch.

Dawn blushed and dipped the silken garment into the folds of her sex to absorb
the copious flow of nectar.

"Such a smart girl, make sure you get it all now."

Her blush spread down her chest, but she obediently placed her leg over top of
Terry's and daintily wiped the fluids that glimmered in the reflection of the
car stereo.

"Dawn!" Terry gasped in amazement at her friend stooping to this level for this
black girl.

"Do hers next Dawn. I don't trust your dim witted friend to do it properly and
these seats are far too expensive for that."

"No, no," Terry muttered, as she struggled against her friend, but it was too
late; the panties were already pressed into her sex. Her struggles only served
to help Dawn do her duty. "Please," Terry whimpered. "I just want to go home.
Please just let me call my daddy."

"Dawn, use something to shut your stupid friend up, okay sweetie? I don't want
someone that dumb talking to me . .  . it might rub off. So have her talk to you
and then you can talk to me. Okay?"

Dawn looked at her friend, then back down to the soiled panties, and smiled.
Soon Terry found to her utter degradation, the panties were forced into her
mouth. She struggled against her former friend, trying to spit the offensive
things out, until Dawn whispered a warning, "If you spit them out, I will tell
her who you really are."

'You wouldn't!' Terry thought in horror. The President of Lamda Alpha Theta
complied and immediately stopped her struggles. She couldn't believe that her
friend had turned traitor so easily. She wanted to shout and to scream at
Monique that Dawn was the stupid one, anyone could obey.

"Your dim-witted friend wants to call mommy and daddy, Dawn. Is that what you
want? Do you want to tell daddy that about all those girls that were after you
for who knows what? What about the T.V. channel I saw you girls on tonight? Do
you want to tell him about that too?" Monique was rubbing higher on Dawn's
thighs, while the poor girl contemplated. Tears welled in the girl's large
pitiful eyes, as she imagined disappointing her parents. "N-no," she sobbed.

"Good. Such a smart girl." Monique rubbed her fingers through the girl's damp
hair. "Now, it just so happens my last roommate left, and I have an empty bed at
my dorm. Of course, you will have to take over her chores and assorted duties,
but that shouldn't be hard for a smart girl like you. After watching you two go
at it tonight, I imagine you two wouldn't mind sharing the other bed."

Terry was still not convinced and shaking her head. But by careful use of her
hands and muffled words, she was able to get Dawn to understand her question.

"Terry doesn't want to stay. She's ashamed and wants to go home."

"Well, the world full of lesbians. As a matter of fact, my last roommate was one
until I cured her. Maybe I could do the same for you? Tell you what, why don't
you stay with me tonight and then decide tomorrow. Anyway, where else are you
going to sleep; on the street?" Monique explained.  "Besides, we are already
here."

Monique parked the car and then opened the door. "Don't you girls go anywhere
now; I have to get something out of the trunk." When she returned, she was
twirling another pair of panties on her finger. "Dawn, tell your little friend,
she can take those panties out of her mouth and put them on."

Terry didn't need to be told. She quickly spat out the offending garment and
slipped the wet slimy panties up her legs.

"Your little girlfriend sure isn't very bright is she?" Monique asked. "Everyone
in the dorm will know exactly *who* it is running around half naked when she
goes up." Monique tossed the other pair of panties to Dawn. "Be a dear and show
your little friend how to keep people from knowing who you are."

Dawn stared at the black Lycra panties Monique had jogged in earlier. She could
smell the scent of her exertion and sex easily. She gulped, then squeezed her
thighs tightly together, as she raised the panties up and put them over her
head.

"Okay tell your dummy, it's her turn."

"I'm not a dummy, she's the dummy. Just look at her-ridiculous," Terry mumbled
under her breath. However, she didn't want to be left alone and wanted to at
least be Dawn who seemed to be getting most of Monique's attention.  Although
part of her secretly wished that Monique would treat her like a person, instead
of something that belonged to Dawn.

"Put them on right. Here, let me help you, dummy." Dawn slapped Terry's hands
away and pulled the panties down her legs. Terry didn't relish the idea of
wearing the sodden panties on her head, but she had caught a whiff of the pair
that Dawn wore. She was thankful she didn't have to wear those.

"Good girl Dawn. Now, you girls follow me . . . not too closely now. Dawn, have
your little friend follow behind you and hold onto your hips so she doesn't get
lost."

Monique led and Dawn followed with Terry in tow.  Surprisingly, even with the
titters and the finger pointing from some of the girls, Dawn found herself
walking proudly as she sought to set a good example for her little tag along.
While poor Terry couldn't understand wasn't shaking with humiliation as she was.
The first few mean comments had caused her to start crying. Thankfully, the
panties hid the utter mortification visible on her face. However, she couldn't
cover her body, due to having to keep her hands on Dawn's hips. She did the only
thing she could think of and clutched Dawn tightly, hiding her privates in
Dawn's back and bottom. Although, walking up the stairs proved especially
troublesome, because her face kept getting pressed into Dawn's thighs and bottom
as she sought to keep up.

Thankfully, they arrived shortly at Monique's dorm room.

"Dawn, wait here at the door. Hands down and turn around and make sure your
girlfriend does the same."

Dawn obeyed the dark-skinned girl and pulled Terry's arm down from her breasts.
"You better, do as she says, Terry," Dawn ordered.

Dawn was relieved when Terry reluctantly obeyed. She felt Monique putting
something around her neck. "Such a smart girl," cooed Monique. "Put this on your
girl and then come inside." The dark girl handed Dawn what appeared to be some
sort of collar with a gold tag hanging from it. She buckled the collar around
Terry's neck and then took a look at the tag. Engraved in black letters was
written Bottom.  Curious, Dawn showed her tag to Terry. "What does mine say?"
she asked.

Terry was now shaking with fear and humiliation. She had been collared like a
dog and Dawn didn't care about anything but what was written on her collar.
'What a stupid girl,' she thought, but dared not say. "It says Top. Please Dawn,
this girl is sick. Let's go," she pleaded. She was even more dumbfounded by the
look of satisfaction that spread across the Dawn's face. 'An idiot, a complete
and utter imbecile,' she thought. "I'll just keep my mouth shut and by this time
tomorrow, I'll be on a plane to daddy."

"Monique, can we have some clothes now?" Terry asked Monique, as she took the
panties off of her head.

Monique ignored the request and instead turned to Dawn.  "You can take the
panties off your head now Top. That's my smart girl. Now, what did I tell you
about your stupid girl talking to me?" Monique said, her angry eyes glaring at
Dawn.

"You said that she wasn't supposed to."

"That's right." Monique reached out and grabbed Terry, striking out like a snake
catches its prey. Soon the helpless girl was face-down on the mattress,
squealing in terror. "Reach in that bag Top, you will find something to quiet
your girl."

The contents of the bag frightened Dawn, but amidst the dildo and assorted cuff
and clamps she saw what appeared to be some sort of gag. She tried to pass it to
Monique, but the black girl refused.

"She's your responsibility, Top."

Dawn was timid at first, but when Terry tried to bite her, she quickly grew more
daring and soon had the girl gagged most thoroughly.

"Do you think she will take it off?" Dawn asked Monique.

"She's your girl. What do you think?"

Dawn got a pair of leather cuffs out of the bag and secured Terry's arms behind
her back. Defeated and betrayed by her friend, Terry turned her tear-streaked
face away, the air whistling out of her nose as she tried to catch her breath.

Monique sat on the edge of the bed then reached down to pick up a leather
paddle. "Now, Top, you know what I'm going to have to do to you for letting
Bottom misbehave.  She is your responsibility after all," Monique said, her
fingers lightly stroking along the leather paddle. "Come on up here girl." She
patted her lap expentantly.

Dawn reluctantly lay across Monique's powerful thighs with her plump bottom
sticking invitingly in the air. Monique brought the paddle down, causing the
flesh of the lovely rump to ripple erotically with the force of the blow. She
proceeded to methodically work the delectable ass over until it turned from
white, to pink, and finally a fiery red. Dawn was reduced to a writhing and
sobbing girl kicking her legs out fetchingly on Monique's lap.

Monique put the paddle down and began to massage the upturned cheeks of Dawn's
bottom. She loved the feel of the heat that emanated from the welted flesh. She
reached an index finger into the folds of the white girl's wet sex, exploring
her tight channel, until her sobs turned to moans. "How are you holding up my
pet?"

"I-I'm doing okay," Dawn gasped.

"Good," Monique said. Dawn sighed with relief and thought the punishment was
over, but the paddle once again began to rain blows down on her reddened ass.
Soon, the dark-haired girl was crying hysterically.

"P-please, n-no m-more. I c-can't - take it," she begged.

"Call me Mistress Monique. Okay, my little Top," Monique said, as she placed the
paddle down and traced a rivulet of moisture up Dawn's thigh, back to it's
origin.

"Please stop Mistress Monique. It hurts too bad." The pain that throbbed in
Dawn's ass with every heart beat outweighed the pleasure Monique was giving her.
She knew she would be lucky to be able to sit down when this was over and it was
all because of that bitch Terry. 'Her name is Bottom now,' Dawn reminded
herself. 'I wish it was her *bottom* getting blistered.'

"You did very well Top, I'm very proud of you." Monique helped Dawn back up on
her shaky legs, then handed Dawn the paddle. "It's up to you what you do with
Bottom."

Terry tried to get up and run away, her face turning white with fear. Watching
Dawn get paddled had stirred up her passion. She was fascinated, yet very glad
it wasn't her at the same time. She did her best to flee Dawn's grasp, but bound
and gagged as she was, in seconds she found herself helplessly draped over her
lap.

Terry looked around for Monique, wondering if she was going to get paddled in
front of an audience. To her horror, she saw Monique turning on a video camera
and pointing it at her display. Suddenly, she felt a finger penetrate and
explore her cunt.

"Slut," Dawn accused. "You got off on seeing me punished, didn't you?"

Terry kicked her legs violently and shook her head to and fro. She tried to
speak, to tell Dawn that they were being filmed, but then the blows started.

The first took her breath away. The rest stung badly, each one hurting worse
than the one before. The first time she had ever been spanked was by Laura
earlier that night, but this was entirely different. There could be no confusing
this with sexual play; this was punishment pure and simple.  Worse, it seemed
her body didn't know the difference. She could feel it betraying her by reacting
to the leather paddle.

Dawn whipped her former idol, applying the paddle to every inch of her perfect
buns. She took the formerly snobbish girl from struggling madly, to crying
violently, to lying defeated and gasping for breath on her lap. She had never
felt so horny in her life.

She stuck a finger in Terry pussy, just like Monique had done to her. It pleased
her to know that someone who thought she was such hot stuff had gotten aroused
by being spanked. She looked up with surprise when she noticed that Monique was
filming the action. Dawn's mouth broke into a very sinister grin. 'I'll be able
to see this over and over again.'

Knowing this made her much more daring than she was before.

"Are you going to obey me from now on Bottom?" she asked.

A muffled cry emitted from the helpless girl as she shook her head weakly up and
down.

"I can't understand you, Bottom. Squeeze my finger once for no and twice for
yes."

The cheeks of Terry's very read ass clenched twice and Dawn felt a strong
contraction and then a weaker one around her digit.

"Only one squeeze, you must want some more. Now, where did I put that paddle?"

Dawn looked down with glee, as she felt Terry's pussy clamp down on her finger,
release and the contract again and again. "Changed your mind huh?" Dawn said,
adding another finger and fucking her with them, all the while quizzing her with
one question after another.

"Are you going to talk to me instead of Mistress Monique?  Are you my good
little girl? Is your pussy wet? Do you love me? Are you my pretty Bottom? Do you
want to cum?  Are you going to cum for the camera?"

Terry lost track of the questions. She lost track of most everything except
squeezing the fingers that were exploring her aching pussy. Whatever the
question was, the answer was always the same - squeeze - pause - squeeze.
Through her sexual haze she became aware of giggling. She turned back to see
what they were laughing at and was mortified that the fingers weren't inside her
anymore. Instead, Monique was filming her opening and closing her wet pussy for
no reason at all.

Then the sweating sorority girl felt a probing at her other opening. 'No, not
there!' she thought in horror. She clamped down on her sphincter and struggled
against the dark-haired girl.

"Bad Bottom!" Dawn scolded. She picked up the paddle and methodically spanked
the reddened bottom, until the girl hung limply on her lap. Inserting a finger
in Terry's sex, she asked, "Are you going to be my good girl now?" and was
pleased to feel the two squeezes.

Removing her wet digit, she put it against Terry's back door and pushed it in.
She noticed that the blonde's tight ring involuntarily contracted around her
finger. She decided to have a little fun with this. She began to ask questions
again, moving her finger imperceptibly with each question, to cause her former
mentor to squeeze the affirmative whether she wanted to or not.

"Do you like for me to play with your ass? Do you love me?

Are you going to be good? Are you my little queer girl?  Do you like being
filmed?" Dawn teased her friend like this until the poor girl could successfully
resist contracting her muscles in response.

"That's enough Top. I'm ready for my nightcap now." Monique took off her
clothes, and leaned back in her bed, spreading her legs wide. It was obvious
what she wanted.

Dawn put Bottom down on the floor and proceeded to kiss her Mistresses pussy.
She ran her tongue along the pink lips, hoping that she was pleasing her
Mistress.

Monique grabbed a handful of Dawn's dark hair and pulled her tightly. "Eat me.
Suck my pussy you lezzie slut." She proceeded to hump widely against the white
girl's face, fucking her, while she tried to give her pleasure.
"Ugh-Ugh-Cumming-" she moaned and her hips thrust in time to her contractions.
"I want you to remember me tonight," she said, as she cleaned the nectar ruining
down her thighs with Dawn's hair.

"You were wonderful, sweet little Top," Monique said, as she stroked Dawn's
cheek. "Tomorrow morning, I want to wake up to one of you girls kissing the
other hole, okay?"

Dawn blushed and nodded her head, as the lights were turned off. The street
lights coming through the window illuminated the dorm-room enough for Dawn to
help her bound sorority sister into bed and snuggle in tightly behind her.

As Monique closed her eyes, she could here Dawn's whispers.  "Does that gag hurt
baby? Will you promise not to make a sound if I take it off? You won't make
Mistress Monique hurt me again, will you?"

Terry shook her head, and the gag was removed. She felt a finger penetrate her
sex, causing her to gasp.

"I love you Bottom." Dawn said, her finger working faster.  "Shh . . . bite the
pillow. Does that feel good? Do you love me? Are you going to leave me? I love
you Bottom.  Do you love me? Shh . . . Feel how much I need you. Do you love
me?"

Monique heard the soft sounds of moaning and the springs of the bed squeaking.
She smiled and closed her eyes. When she made that deal with the teacher,
trading Laura for the car, she thought it was a great deal at first. Then after
Laura's personal effects had been moved out, Monique realized just how much the
little thing had meant to her.  She called Dr. Adams to demand Laura back, but
the woman had refused, offering another sorority girl to take her place.

Monique could feel an empty spot in her heart for Laura, but she could feel it
quickly filling again as she thought about Dawn. Terry would probably be leaving
tomorrow, but she was sure that Dawn was staying. She would make sure that Dawn
was staying.

The next morning Monique felt the wonderful feeling that comes from having a
soft pair of lips kissing your ass.  Nothing else quite says, today is yours, as
a hesitant girl doing her best to avoid that little back door, yet knowing it is
inevitable.

"You know what I want. Lick it. Lick my ass!" Monique moaned, spreading her legs
so the girl could have better access. She looked back and gasped in shock.
First, because the girl didn't hesitate as she had expected. The tongue plunged
right past the tight grommet, exploring her deeply. Second, it wasn't Dawn's
curly hair she saw attached to the head between her ass cheeks, but Terry's long
blonde locks.

'Dawn must have done some pretty heavy convincing last night,' Monique surmised.
'This is turning out better than I ever imagined. Mmmmm, that feels so damn
good. Bottom - what an appropriate name for her.' Monique buried her face in her
pillow, as she moaned with desire.

Dawn was next to Terry, encouraging her. Stroking the girl's hair lovingly,
teasing her sex, massaging her back, all the while whispering, "I love you
Bottom. Do you love me? See how nice it feels when you please Mistress? Don't
you love pleasing Mistress?"

Terry didn't look so good. The black circles underneath her haunted eyes and the
dried smears of sex juice on her face told the tale of her night better than any
words could. She renewed her efforts to please Mistress, thereby pleaing Dawn.
She had learned last night that only by pleasing and loving could she in turn be
pleased and loved.  She knew with all her heart that Dawn loved her, just as
much as she loved Dawn. However, there still remained the pleasing. Terry had
pleased Dawn time and time again, yet her own need had been put off.

"Be patient Bottom, your time will come. You know I love you don't you." Dawn
would say, stroking her doubts away.

Terry could feel Monique's ass spasm around her tongue. It wouldn't be long
before she came. "Please," Terry moaned in her ass.

"Oh, that's it baby. Keep on moaning in my ass," Monique ordered. "Say I love
Monique's ass. Ugh, you fucking bitch, you are going to make me cum so hard!"

Terry moaned the words in the black girl's ass. Luckily, her passion kept her
from thinking of how far she had fallen in only one night. She could feel Dawn
leaning over her from behind. Her lover's hands wrapped around her body and
found her sex.

"Oh-god-oh-god-oh-god-" Monique cried, with her hips thrusting on the bed.

"I love you Bottom. Do you love me?" Dawn repeated over and over, as she
attacked her former mentor's cunt with her nubile fingers, while she ground her
wet sex against her ass. She began to pound her pubic mound against the blonde's
ass, wishing she had a dick to fuck her with.

"I love you!  I love you Top! I love you so much. Oh God please Top, please
please- ah-ah-ah-cumminnnng!" Terry moaned in climax.

After coming down from her climax, Monique looked down on the floor and was
pleased to see Top sitting against the bed, with Bottom in her arms. The
dark-haired girl was deeply kissing her very willing sorority sister. It was a
touching sight and it gave Monique an idea.

"Top, ask Bottom if she remembers her daddy's phone number?"

"It's 917-555-6451." Terry told Dawn. Monique was pleased the girl addressed
Top, instead of her. When Monique picked up the phone Terry began to panic.

"B-bu-but, I was wondering. I mean, could you ask Mistress if I could stay."
Terry began to think about what would happen if she left. She wasn't worried
about telling her parents what had happened last night, but she was desperately
afraid of losing Dawn. Tears welled in her eyes and she began to plead, "Please,
I want - *need* to stay."

"You can talk to me now Bottom," Monique said. "I need to know something. Do you
love Top?"

"Yes," Terry said, blushing slightly. "I love her."

"Good, because if you stay, from now on, you are no longer going to be able to
do anything for yourself; Top will do it for you. The same goes for you Top. If
you need to eat, bottom will feed you. When you bathe, she will wash you. If you
have an itch, she will scratch it. But, Top, you are in charge. So, if you are
not satisfied with Bottom's performance, feel free to correct her. Do you love
each other enough to do this?"

The two girls looked into each other eyes, before answering as one. "Yes,
Mistress."

From there, the three girls went to the showers. Monique watched with delight as
Top fell into her role and ordered Bottom to bathe her with her tongue. It
appeared that Top wasn't shy at all when it came to her body or with her
sexuality, whereas Bottom was acutely conscious of it, a fact that Monique was
determined to take full advantage of.

When they got back to the dorm room, Monique had her two slaves prepare her for
her class. Next, she laid out two outfits and had each girl dress the other.
Then, Monique proceeded to direct the application of make-up and other
accessories to achieve her desired result.

Soon the girl's stood side by side. Top was wearing black, from her fingernail
polish to her leather dress and lipstick. Bottom was wearing a white stretch
dress that displayed her every curve, broadcasting to the world that she wasn't
wearing underwear. Her accessories and makeup were all hot pink and so were her
aureoles that peeked through the fabric of her skirt.

"What a pair you girls make," Monique said, while Terry nervously fingered her
pink collar and tried to pull down the hem of her skirt. Top slapped the girl's
hand away, before adjusting the skirt herself.

"Now, Top, why don't you hold Bottom's hand today so she doesn't get lost."

Monique grinned evilly as she watched Dawn hold Terry's hand, leaving the girl
standing there uncomfortably conscious of how much the two of them would stand
out today.

"P-Please, Top, ask Mistress if we *have* to walk like this. I won't get lost .
. . I promise," she whined.

Monique's gaze turned hard and she picked up the phone and began dialing Terry's
father's phone number. "9-1-6-5-5-5-" she began.

Meanwhile Dawn whispered something in Terry's ear.

"Wait! Wait! It's okay. I'll do it," Terry pleaded.

Monique smiled to herself as she watched the two girl's leave the dorm room.
Dawn's hand raised the back of Terry's white dress, displaying the blonde's
beautiful ass, which she rubbed possessively for Monique's benefit, before
pulling it back down.

'Something tells me this semester is going to be a lot of fun, even with my
sweet little Laura gone,' Monique said to herself.




The Smell of Sex Ch.20

==================

After Laura had seduced the two Lambda girl's and single handedly turned the
sorority into a laughingstock, she had expected gratitude and appreciation from
the former victimized honor students when they left and went, not to Dr. Adams
house, but some sort of office building. Once there, they fitted Laura with a
very strange garment. It looked very much like a leather pair of panties, but
Laura immediately knew something was wrong the minute she heard the click of a
lock. Then, she felt a slight vibration against her very frustrated sex. She
tried to press the tiny vibrator against her clit, but found nothing but a stiff
metal plate. Growing increasingly worried, she tried to sneak her fingers
underneath the strange undergarments, but found she was unable to do this
either.

"Mummy, what have you done to me?" Laura accused.

Dr. Adams cupped the crotch of the panties possessively.

"You gave this to me . . . remember?"

Laura nodded her head. Unfortunately, Laura did remember.  However, when she
made that promise, she wasn't as horny as she was now though.

"Those training panties will remind you who that pussy belongs to. Don't worry,
it won't be for long baby. You just be a good girl for a little while longer,
okay?"

Laura nodded her head. After all, what choice did she have?

Laura was then dressed in a tight miniskirt and blouse.  Her make-up and hair
were re-done. In just a few minutes, Laura went from looking like a teen slut,
to what would best be called a rather loose office girl. Dr. Adams took Laura by
the hand and led her into a very opulent office.  Once there, she moved behind
Laura and roamed her hands possessively over the petite girl's body.

"There is only one last piece of business to take care of sweetie. You see, when
the Lambda girl's tried to humiliate me, they got me pregnant."

"Oh no, sweetie! I would never do that to you!" Dr. Adams explained hurriedly to
Laura, when she felt the girl tremble in fear. "It is horrible isn't it? And
that is exactly what they did to me. So, when I was your age, I had to drop out
of school and had to give my little baby up for adoption. I vowed that I would
get the sorority and in particular the woman who did that to me back. I changed
my name, moved away and plotted my revenge. Tonight, I plan to have it."

The older woman's hands expertly teased Laura's nipple, while the tiny vibrator
kept her on edge. "Will you help me one last time?" Dr. Adams asked.

"Yes," Laura gasped. At this point, she would have agreed to anything, but she
had feelings for Dr. Adams and she honestly wanted to help the woman.

"Good, and I promise I will take care of you no matter what happens. I lost my
first baby when I put it up for adoption. Last year, my second baby was
still-born. You, my dear Laura - I'm never going to let you go."

Dr. Adams hugged Laura tightly and the young girl returned her embrace. Laura
found herself grinding her pelvis against the older woman. She tried to stop her
body, but discovered she couldn't. Dr. Adams was forced to pry herself away from
the desperate girl.

"Okay, under the desk with you, my little office girl," Dr.

Adams commanded, as she helped Laura back under the desk.  The older woman sat
down in the leather executive chair and scooted forward. Laura noticed the woman
wasn't wearing panties and she could smell the sweet odor of her arousal.  She
kissed her way up the inside of Dr. Adams fleshy thigh, before finding her way
to the object of her desire - the very aroused nether lips of her teacher's sex.



"No! Don't look up. Look at my cunt. That is the only thing you need to worry
about, my little pussy girl."

Laura quickly returned her mouth to Patricia's pussy. Her tongue danced at the
opening of her cunt, lapping up her nectar.

"Louder! Louder you queer slut! I want to hear the sexy noises of your mouth
fucking my cunt!"

What little pride Laura had left, was quickly forgotten.   She loudly worked her mouth on the sex, knowing that if anyone in the
room heard her, they would know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there was a
manner-less slut under the table, she was eating her Mistress's pussy, and she
loved every minute of it.

"Oh, God! That's it my little pussy licker," Dr. Adams said as she slid closer
to the edge of the chair. "Ugh, you're gonna make momma cum;  you know
that?"



Laura continued servicing the older woman, taking pleasure in the fact that she
was turning her on. She concentrated on the large nubbin with increasing vigor,
swirling her tongue around it, before sucking on it and battering it back and
forth. Patricia ran her fingers through Laura's newly darkened curly locks. She
could feel Laura coaxing an orgasm from her. "Suck it, suck it, you little
dyke," the older woman ordered, as she pulled Laura's face tightly to her
crotch. Her hips bucked seven times to each contraction of her pussy, before her
muscles relaxed and her legs opened, freeing Laura's head. Laura continued to
lightly run her tongue over the very enlarged and juicy sex of her Mistress, as
the older woman came down from her climax.

"It's time to clean up the mess you've made," Dr. Adams ordered, looking down
into the desperate eyes of her new office girl.

Laura licked and sucked the nectar that had collected on the older woman's sex,
thighs, and bottom. Dr. Adams stood up, and pointed to the puddle she had left
in the leather chair. "You missed a spot."

There was nothing that humiliated Laura as much as the cleaning up afterward.
However, she knew she must do even this to be allowed an orgasm. She leaned
forward and her timid pink tongue darted out to swab at the secretions left in
the leather chair. Afterwards, Laura tried to wipe the moisture from her face,
but Patricia stopped her.

"No, leave it. I like your face wet like that."

The young girl was finally beginning to understand what being a sub was all
about. Every time her pussy clenched within the vibrating chastity belt, she was
reminded of her new status. It was her duty to please and it was her Mistress's
duty to determine when Laura would be allowed pleasure.

Laura's leg started to shake in response to the constant teasing of her cunt.
"Please?" she whispered, looking up hopefully. She grew scared as she saw the
older woman's eyes flash in anger. A hand reached forward, grabbed Laura's ear
and twisted.

"You are a pussy-girl now and pussy-girls don't talk. They don't look up either.
Pussy-girl stays under the desk with her head down, waiting for someone to sit
in the chair.  It's Pussy-girl's job to pleasure whoever sits in this chair - no
exceptions. Pussy-girl will clean up any messes she makes and I want to hear
lots of noises from Pussy-girl's mouth, but none from her throat. Understand?"

"Under no circumstances is Pussy-girl to speak or let anyone see her face." Dr.
Adams leaned down until her face was inches from Laura's. "If Pussy-girl fucks
up just one time - then Pussy-girl's little training panties will stay on
forever! Do I make myself clear?"

Laura nodded her head, afraid to even speak.

"Good, and are you going to a good little Pussy-girl?"

Laura nodded her head again.

"Now, back under the desk with you and hold your head down.  That's a good
Pussy-girl. Just keep doing what you do so well, and I'll be very proud of you."
Dr. Adams petted the former snob's head before walking out of the room.

Laura didn't have long to wait before another woman took her place. This girl
kept her legs pressed tightly together, as Laura began to kiss her way up the
woman's thigh.

"I'm not - I mean, I've never-" stuttered the woman.  However, Laura was not
deterred. The words Dr. Adams said rang in her ears. ". . . *every* woman who
sits in this seat gets an orgasm. . ." Laura clutched the woman's thighs and
pressed her mouth tightly to her panty covered crotch. The woman struggled
briefly, but soon leaned back to enjoy, as Laura's tongue drove away her doubts.
Soon, the woman's panties were around her ankle and her skirt was bunched around
her waist. Her hand tweaked her nipples, and her meek demeanor forgotten.

"Lick my pussy! Lick it! Oh God, you sound so nasty when you do that," she said,
responding to Laura's loud licks and smacks. "Louder! Oh fuck, you are driving
me crazy!  Oh God, here it comes! Suck it! Suck my pussy! Oh-oh-oh!

Ahhh . . . " she cried as she came.

The woman thanked Laura and very nicely tried to get up before Laura could
finish her job. Laura fingers dug into her thighs, pushing the woman back down
as she proceeded to clean the mess from her sex.

"No, not there . . ." the woman said when she felt Laura's tongue sneak to her
other hole. Laura expected to have to struggle to finish her job, yet
surprisingly the woman rolled her hips so Laura could have better access. Laura
couldn't help herself and pressed her tongue past the tight grommet of the
woman's anus.

"Don't baby. Please stop. Please baby, you don't have to ugh-do that. Oh God, I
can't believe you are doing that. .  . " the woman whined, yet her hand was a
blur on her tiny nubbin. She came again with Laura's tongue exploring her ass.

After she left other women came in and sat down in the chair. One after another,
Laura pleasured them all. She repeated the Pussy-girl rules in her head so that
she would be sure to obey them. "Don't talk . . .make them orgasm .  . . head
down . . . loud sounds." It was working pretty well too . . . until Cindy came
in.

Cindy stripped down to her bra and heels and stood in front of the desk, but
didn't sit down in the chair. Laura remembered Dr. Adams words, but Cindy wasn't
sitting in the chair. She thought it best to go ahead and please the older
woman, so she began to kiss her way up her thighs.  When Laura reached the
woman's fragrant pussy, Cindy pulled back, but held Laura's head against the top
of the desk by her hair.

Cindy looked at Laura contemptuously. "I thought you were supposed to keep your
head down. Ha-ha, you better get used to those training panties slut, cause it
looks like you will be wearing them for awhile," Cindy said, before turning to
walk away.

Tears began to well in Laura's eyes. "Please. Please don't tell," she begged.

"And she talks too. How very interesting." Cindy smiled and walked back to the
defeated girl. "Start licking my shoes you stupid dyke."

Laura was thankful that at least she may have a chance to win Cindy over, but
things weren't off to a good start.  She bent down and took a tentative lick of
the woman's Birkenstocks. "You don't act like you like it very much," Cindy said
as she walked away to the full length office window.

Laura watched her plump ass retreat. 'She's got a pretty body,' Laura thought.
"Too bad she has to be such a bitch."

Cindy opened the blinds, then walked to the door and flashed the lights five
times. She took the chair in from in front of the desk and sat down in it, just
out of sight from the window. She placed her feet in front of her and smiled
evilly at Laura. "Crawl over here and do it again.  This time with feeling."

Laura couldn't believe how cruel Cindy was. The woman blinked the lights to
attract attention to the room and now she was going to force Laura to humiliate
herself in front of who knows how many people.

Blushing furiously and with tears in her eyes, Laura crawled over and began to
lick at Cindy's sandals. This time she steeled herself and pretended she was
enjoying it.

"The bottoms too, little dyke."

Laura couldn't believe how far she had sunk. She had been reduced to licking the
gritty soles of shoes. Worse, her pussy was burning with pleasure. She could
feel the wetness soaking through the leather and moving down her legs.

"Masturbate," Cindy ordered. She looked down at Laura's questioning gaze. "Oh, I
know you can't feel it, but they don't," she said, gesturing out the open
window.

Laura's hand moved up her dress and she began to slide it up and down where her
cunt would be. She tried to pretend she didn't have the chastity belt on at all
and began to hump against her hand.

Cindy kicked off her sandals. "Now suck my toes. Oh, yeah, that's right��suck
them like a little cock. Now, turn you head and look out the window. No, open
your eyes and take a long look."

Laura did, quickly scanning the building. Thankfully, it appeared that everyone
was going about their business.  However, to her dismay, she looked and saw what
appeared to be a whole office of people staring at her with rapt attention. On
another office she saw a man masturbating while looking at her.

"Yes, you're giving them quite a show tonight my little queer fuck toy." Cindy
pulled her toe out of Laura's mouth with a plop. "Why don't we really show them
what kind of slut you are?" With that Cindy stood up and bent down at the waist
and supported her upper body with the chair. "I want you to lick my ass."

Laura began to ease up Cindy's powerful thighs.

"No! I want you to get up and go at it from the top, facing the window. I don't
want anyone to have a doubt about what you are doing or what you are."

Laura couldn't believe how evil this woman was, but she was so desperate to cum
and she had done so much already, she couldn't let this woman stand in her way.

'Why am I doing this and why am I so hot?' Laura thought.  She was now standing
up and leaning toward Cindy's stuck out ass. She snuck a peek at the building
across from hers and noticed there were more people watching in fascination. 
Laura, spread the cheeks of Cindy's ass and danced her tongue around the tiny
puckered ring. Laura found this much more demeaning and humiliating than what
she did earlier with the shy girl, but she also found it much more arousing.

'What is wrong with me?' Laura thought, as she gave the little brownie one final
kiss before plunging her tongue inside.

"Lick my ass Samantha! Lick it in front of all those people you little dyke
bitch! You're nothing! You're useless!" Cindy spat.

'Who's Samantha?' wondered Laura. 'It must have been the girl who humiliated
her.' Laura's hand found Cindy dripping sex and began to explore her.

"Ahh, you're nothing but a whore. My ass whore. 

Who's sorry now bitch? Oh God! Who's the humiliated one?

Who's everyone staring at? Who's sorry now -oh - fuck -

whose ass whore? Oh Please. I need-"

Letting go of the chair, Cindy turned to face the window.  Standing spread eagle
with her breasts mashed flat against the cold glass, she looked out at the
leering people in the neighboring building. As their stares bored through her,
she thought back to that fateful day in college when she ran naked through the
campus with everyone pointing and staring at her. The worst part of it all was;
the humiliation turned her on. Every time she fantasized about it, it filled her
with guilt, but strangely, even with her breasts mashed up against the glass
window, she didn't feel guilty now.

"Fuck - c - c-cumming - ugh - ah - ahhhhhh!" Cindy moaned, before sticking out
her tongue and licking the window and then falling down. To Laura's surprise
Cindy started sobbing and crying.

Laura didn't know what else to do to comfort the poor woman. "I'm sorry Cindy.
Please Cindy, - I'm sorry." Laura soothed.

Cindy sniffed a few times and dried her tears. Standing up on shaky legs, she
closed the blinds to the room and pulled Laura to her feet. "No, Laura, I'm
sorry. I-I shouldn't h-have-" her eyes began to tear again and her lip quivered. 
"I shouldn't have done that to you. P-Please don't hate me," she said, clutching
Laura tightly to her chest.

"It's okay. It-I really didn't mind," Laura said. The truth was it turned Laura
on, but she didn't like the part where she felt that Cindy hated her. Laura
didn't like to be hated.

Cindy kissed Laura on her sticky mouth. "I didn't mean any of that stuff I said
to you. You-you're not nothing. You are the kindest and most beautiful girl I've
ever met." Cindy broke down sobbing again and Laura wished she could do
something more to comfort the poor woman.

"Laura, I can't - there is - there is something I need to tell you. You see - I
didn't know you at first. Oh God, Please promise you won't hate me Laura."

"I promise Cindy."

"Laura the next woman that is coming here-" Cindy warned, but was interrupted.

Just then the door opened and Dr. Adams walked in. "Laura, did you forget the
rules?" she asked.

"I-I-I'm sorry," Laura said, backing up to the desk.

"Pats," Cindy said, coming between the two women. "It's my fault. I made her
come out. I-I" Cindy struggled to find the courage to face Dr. Adams. "I can't
go through with this any more. It isn't right. Not to Laura."

"I know Cindy. I wish I could go back in time and stop all this. But, you know
as well as I, it is too late for that now. Besides, she's already on her way up
and you know what will happen if we don't see this all the way through to the
end. So, unless you have another idea of a way out of this, you are going to
have to leave - *right now*!"

Cindy looked toward Laura with a look of sympathy in her eyes. She mouthed a
soundless "I'm sorry," picked up her clothes and left out the side door.

Dr. Adams hurriedly sat down in the seat and spread her legs widely in front of
Laura. "Get to work sweetie and remember the rules," the older woman cautioned.
"Head down, lots of noise, and no talking." She opened the desk drawer and
slipped a pair of headphones on Laura's head and turned the music up.

Laura's mouth descended down to Dr. Adams sex and proceeded to do her duty. Just
then, there was a soft knock on the door.

"Come in. Come in," Dr. Adams said, as the door opened and a very professional
looking woman came in. "Please have a seat Vivian. I can call you Vivian can't
I?"

"Sure." Vivian shook Patricia's hand and then sat down in the chair. "Now, what
was this about a merger?"

"Mmmm. Well, Vivian, as you know. Your company has been  licensing our
software for some time now."

Vivian listened to the other executive go on about her company, but soon her
concentration shifted to the woman's obvious sexual arousal. As if that weren't
enough, it sounded as if someone was performing oral sex on the woman from below
- very loud oral sex to be precise.

"I-It seems I have come at a bad time. Ah, why don't we reschedule," Vivian
said, but stayed rooted in her chair watching the spectacle in front of her.

Dr. Adams originally planned to fake an orgasm, but the very fact that the
daughter of her hated rival was licking her pussy, while the mother sat there
watching and suspecting nothing, was too much for her. She felt the rolling
thunder of pleasure begin deep in her cunt and then spread out to every fiber of
her being. "Ugh - ugh - w-wait-just-one-m-minute-oh-god-oh-god!" The older
woman's toes curled and her thighs spread wide; her pelvis jerked uncontrollably
and she filled Laura's mouth with her cum.

"Mmmm . . . this is what I think I like best about being an executive. When you
get to this position, there is always someone willing to assume *the* position,"
Dr. Adams said, while Laura did her best to clean up the very wet mess between
her thighs. "You look a little flushed Vivian, are you all right?" Dr. Adams
smoothed her skirt down and walked over to the other woman. "Why don't you come
sit in my chair, while I go over the details of the merger. It is a most
comfortable chair, I promise."

Dr. Adams led the slightly reluctant woman to the executive chair. As Vivian sat
down, she felt hands move up her skirt to slip her panties down. "Is-Is she
clean?" she asked, the wrinkles on her forehead showing her uncertainty.

"But of course, she's an intern from the university. I gave her the opportunity
to work her way up the corporate ladder from the bottom up." Dr. Adams watched
as the other woman's brow knitted in pleasure. "As you can see, she's spent most
of her time on the bottom, so to speak."

"mmmm- Why would you go to college and then demean herself like this?" Vivian
asked the girl between her thighs.

"She's wearing headphones, so she can't hear you or the business we discuss. But
as to your question, you'd be surprised at the girls who would jump at the
chance," Dr.  Adams said with an evil grin. "After all, it's a *tight* market
right now."

"Now, let's get back to the details of the merger shall we?" Dr. Adams said, as
she casually reached down and unbuttoned Vivian's blouse.

From her vantage on top of the desk, Patricia freed one of Vivian's breasts and
began to tweak an erect nipple.  "First, I will be named CEO and be given
options on fifty-one percent of the stock."

Vivian, upon seeing this tactic tried to push the girl away from her crotch, but
Laura held on tightly, attacking the pink nubbin between her lips with renewed
ferocity. "I-I don't think now is a good time for negotiation," moaned Vivian.

"Next, you will step down as CEO and become my new personal unpaid assistant -
in short, my slave. So, you better pay attention to what is being done to you,
because you will be doing a lot of it in the future," continued Dr. Adams.

"Oh-oh-god! You  crazy bitch!"

"A bitch, yes, but not crazy. This is payback for what you did to me in college,
Viv. You ruined my life and now it's your turn." Dr. Adams eyes hardened to a
cold steely gaze.

"Patsy? Pats, is it  really you?" Vivian asked incredulously.

"I go by Patricia now, but you will call me Mistress," to emphasize her point,
Patricia light tweaks of Vivian's nipples turned into a painful pinch.

"Ouch! Please . . . Pats? Pats? Oh God, you have no idea how long I've 
searched for you," Vivian gasped, as she tried to push Laura away from her sex.
"Please girl, stop for just a minute," she begged.

Dr. Adams arched a dubious eyebrow. "Really? Was that before or after you
betrayed me and got me pregnant? All so you could get into your sorority."

"Pats, you agreed to it - remember? I did it for us. I didn't know he wasn't
wearing a condom."

Vivian was now crying and Patricia soon followed. This wasn't going at all like
Patricia planned. Had this all been a mistake - a huge misunderstanding? Had
Vivian actually loved her?

Dr. Adams was desperate to get the situation back under control. "Sign the
goddamn paper," she demanded, as she looked into Vivian's dilated eyes. The
flush from the executive's cheeks spread down to her chest. It was time.

"Sign the paper or everyone will find out about you and your daughter." Patricia
reached down and pulled the headphones off of Laura's head and tilted her head
up.

Vivian looked down aghast. There beneath the unfamiliar curly dark hair, was the
very cum drenched face of her daughter with her tongue extended and fluttering
over the small pink nubbin of her clit. For Vivian, it was already too late. The
damn was broken and there was no way to stop the flow. She reached her hands
down and clasped them behind Laura's head. "Oh-god-oh-god-oh-god!" she cried as
her hips bucked in Laura's mouth.

'Mother?' Laura thought when she looked up to see her mother's shocked face.
Laura panicked, not knowing what to do. However, when her head was pulled
tightly into her Vivian's sex, as her hips pumped uncontrollably, Laura's
instinct took over. She clamped her mouth down on the thrusting sex wrestled the
swollen clit into submission with her tongue.

Afterwards, Patricia handed the defeated woman a pen.

"Sign!" she demanded.

Vivian took the pen and while still slightly dazed from the after effects of her
climax, calmly but coolly picked up the papers and tore them in half.

Patricia was livid. This was not going according to plan at all. "You bitch!
I'll ruin you, I swear I will," she warned.

"Pats, calm down before you have a stroke. When you left school I tried to find
you, I truly did. You even changed your name, which made my search all but
impossible. And when I found out you were pregnant, I searched even harder.  I
never found you, but I did find your baby - thank God you used your real name
for that."

Patricia's face turned ashen with the realization of Vivian's words. "But-but
that means," she stuttered.

"Yes, Laura is your - I mean *our* girl." Vivian reached up and stroked Patsy's
cheek. "And you, Pats, you are my girl - you always have been. It is time for
you to come home with me."

'My girl?' Patricia thought. No, this wasn't going according to her plan at all.
It was completely opposite, but it still went beyond her wildest dreams. Not
only did she have a daughter, but the woman she loved wanted to be with her.

Laura looked up in amazement from between Vivian's splayed thighs. She wondered
how she was going to resolve the conflicting feelings between her mother and Dr.
Adams. It seemed she now had two mothers. "Mummy?" she questioned, looking up at
Dr. Adams in anticipation. Would the older woman still love her now that she
found out she was her *real* mother.

"Oh baby," Patricia said, as she knelt down and hugged her daughter tightly,
kissing her on her cum-soaked face.

Vivian ran her fingers through the hair of both the kneeling women. "Both of my
favorite girls - come on, give momma a kiss." However, instead of bending down,
she opened her legs wider. It was obvious what she wanted them to do.

Dr. Adams reverently kissed the swollen pink lips peaking out from the
dark-matted hair of Vivian's sex. Laura was a little more reluctant. Even though
she had already committed incest unknowingly with her real mother several times
over; it was Vivian who raised her. It was Vivian who taught her that things
like this were wrong.

"It's okay Laura . . . kiss it baby," Vivian moaned.

Hesitantly, Laura joined her mother in worship at the altar of Vivian's sex.
With her face pressed against her mother's, their tongues danced together as
they stepped through the moist pink folds of a very fragrant pussy.

Vivian was in heaven from the pleasure she was receiving.  She grabbed the two
kneeling women and pulled them tightly into her cunt. "Oh God, do it! Do it
together!" she demanded.

Laura stuck her tongue out painfully far and stuck it in Vivian's tight channel.
It was odd felt oddly erotic because she could feel her mother's tongue moving
along with hers.

"Oh God, you are going to make me cum," moaned Vivian. She grabbed herself
beneath her knees and spread herself for the mother and daughter. Dr. Adams
snuck her tongue into the tight nether hole. "Ugh," Vivian groaned. Laura joined
her mother at the lower hole and soon both tongues worked in the tight passage.
"Fuck, so- so *nasty*. Ugh!  Ugh! Nasty girls . . . Ugh, I'm cumming!" she
cried, pulling both of their heads to her clit.

Laura and Dr. Adams worked the engorged clit between their two tongues,
pleasuring it from every angle. Vivian gave a high pitched squeal and her pussy
began to squirt, while the mother and daughter battled for the orgasmic
discharge.

"My girls," Vivian breathed, as she pressed their two heads together in a kiss.




The Smell of Sex Ch.21

=================

Laura stood naked in the bedroom she lived in as a girl, hidden from view as she
looked out her window.  Her fingers gently brushed her small high set nipple
before traveling down to the smooth swell of her belly. She was very becoming
with the moonlight casting shadows on her skin, but her face was etched with her
conflicting emotions.

She caught the sound of one of her mothers crying out in pleasure. She was happy
for them both; they were very much in love and seemed happy together. Laura had
declined to join them when they got back to her house. It felt like they were
sharing with her, but there was still something special between them. It was by
the way they looked at each other ... it smoldered.

Her hand left her sex and drew a heart where her breath had fogged the window.
Laura had grown up a lot in the last week. She realized she wanted a
relationship with someone who would look at her the way her mothers looked at
each other. Monique had looked at her with lust, but not the same intensity. 
Apparently, she had traded her in for a car and a sorority girl.

Then, her thoughts drifted to Beth. Beth's gaze made her weak in the knees
whenever she caught her eye.  Laura's finger traced the letters of Beth's name
within the heart and she wondered where the Goth girl was this moment. Was she
with another girl? Would she go to Laura's dorm to look for her.

Just as Laura was thinking these thoughts, she saw a car park across the street.
As the person stepped out of the car and looked around, Laura's heart leapt when
she saw a familiar bald head. It was Beth!

Laura threw back the curtains, and began waving and knocking on the window.
However, Beth wasn't even looking in Laura's direction. Beth looked around
uncertainly as if she weren't sure she was in the right place, and Laura sprung
into action. She ran to the door and blinked the lights to her room on and off.
Then, she ran back to the open window and waved again. This time, Beth saw the
naked form of Laura waving her arms over her head in the window.

'Has she no shame?' Beth thought, grinning and waving back to Laura. 'I sure
hope not.'

"Wait for me!" Laura shouted through the window.

Laura threw on a small robe and wrote her both of her mothers a note, telling
them she was going with Beth.  Then she streaked outside and threw herself into
Beth's arms. They shared a long kiss, got into Beth's car and drove off.

***********************



Laura and Beth walked hand in hand through the department store, causing a few
heads to turn. Beth was wearing black leather and her hair had grown out to an
inch in length. She appeared to be looking around as if to see if anyone were
watching.

Laura walked next to Beth wearing an aqua stretch tube miniskirt. Her hard
nipples could easily be seen through the fabric and she had to keep tugging the
hem down with her free hand. By her shy glances, anyone could tell she didn't
want to be seen.

Beth took a sharp right turn to the apparently deserted arts and crafts section
of the store.  "Here," she whispered urgently to Laura.

"Here?" Laura blushed and gulped uncertainly. "Ca-can't we go to the bathroom?"

"We did that last week Princess. Hurry-quickly before someone comes."

"God Beth, this is so *crazy*," Laura moaned, as she squatted down in front of
Beth, and her head disappeared under the black leather miniskirt.

When she knelt, her legs were held apart by Beth's shins. She could feel the
cold air as it dried the fluid leaking from her denuded sex. She could also feel
the chill deep into her clit, thanks to the effects of the latest piercing Beth
wanted her to have. Every time Laura felt the little ring move, she couldn't
help but remember the way Beth probed it with her tongue, causing the little
ball on the end knock against her clit. She almost came from just thinking about
it.

Laura attacked Beth's wet cunt with wild abandon. She knew she had to hurry,
before they were spotted. Beth looked down and saw that Laura was covering her
beautiful pussy from prying eyes.

"Now Princess, you know where those hands go," she scolded.

Reluctantly Laura removed her hand from in front of her sex and it joined its
mate on Beth's bottom. Beth felt the vibration of Laura's moan in her cunt, as
the poor blonde exhibited herself.

Beth looked behind and saw a young female sales clerk watching their activities.
The girl's face was flushed with passion.

"Someone's watching Princess," Beth said. She almost had to support herself on a
shelf, when Laura fluttered the metal stud in her tongue against Beth's clit.
The metal stud drew out a sharp bolt of pleasure each time it beat against her
little nubbin of pink flesh.

"Fuck-fuck-fuck-fu-uck. . ." Beth moaned, as she threw a leg over Laura's
shoulders and gripped the blonde's head tightly between her thighs. The black
leather miniskirt slid up, exposing Beth's alabaster bottom as it thrust and
clenched with each spasm. The squatting blonde's fingers dug into the ripe
cheeks of Beth's ass, as she hung on for dear life.

"Oh God, that was a good one," Beth said, as her movements slowed. "You made a
mess of me again didn't you?"

"Yeth," came the muffled reply from underneath her skirt.

"You know what to do Princess." Beth held still while the bulge beneath her
skirt moved up and down and then back and forth. When Laura's face finally
emerged from beneath the leather skirt, it shone from Beth's secretions.

Beth helped Laura to her feet and kissed her deeply.  She savored her own sweet
flavor. As Laura raised her arm up to wipe away the wet secretions, Beth grabbed
her wrist.

"Leave it. You know I love it when you wear my perfume."

Laura's face blushed a crimson red, knowing she would have to leave the store
with her face coated and reeking of sex.

"Bend forward now, you little cum-slut, I have a present for you."

'Oh god, not here!' thought Laura. Horrified, but turned on to a fever pitch,
Laura bent forward at the waist. She heard Beth open her purse. Curiosity got
the better of Laura; she looked back and was shocked by what she saw. There in
Beth's hand, was a very large dildo; the girl could barely wrap her fingers
around.

"Oh God, no Beth - Please not here," Laura begged.  She closed her eyes, unable
to bear the thought of being watched like this in a public place, but her body
stayed in position, eager for what was to come.

"Are your eyes open honey? Watch the pretty sales girl looking at you."

Laura opened her eyes, watching the sales girl who openly stared at her. Laura's
blush spread down her chest; she could feel her knees shaking in fear.  Laura
tried not to show a reaction, but it was quite impossible, when she was being
opened by the large latex cock.

"Ughhh---ohhh-goddd. . ." Laura moaned, as she felt each ridge push into her
tight channel.

"Shhhh baby, you don't want to attract a crowd, do you?" Beth whispered.

Laura pursed her pouting lips to contain her moans.  Now the only sounds coming
from the cute blonde was a whining from deep in her throat. The whine became a
grunts, as Beth twisted and pushed on the ridged phallus.

Laura was relieved when she finally felt the plastic cock slide home. "Ahhhh,"
she moaned as she tried to straighten up. However, she was held down by a firm
hand on her back.

"Just one last thing, Princess."

Laura felt Beth fumbling around at the entrance to her sex, and then her cunt
was bombarded by intense vibrations. 'No, she wouldn't," she thought in horror.

But, she did. Laura's sex was filled with a very vibrating dildo and she knew
there was no way she was going to make it out of the store without cumming.

"You ready to go now Princess?" Beth asked.

"Please," Laura begged. "Just-just let me get used to it.

"Come on baby, walk it off," Beth said, as she grabbed Laura's hand and led the
pretty blonde towards the entrance of the store.

Walking slightly bow-legged, with her ass swaying from side to side in an
exaggerated motion, Laura did her best to keep from cumming.

"Oh, I almost forgot. I need a pack of gum," Beth said, stopping at the
check-out.

Laura could feel the vibrations in her cunt taking their toll. Each wave of
pleasure growing longer and more pronounced than the last.
"Ahh-please-Beth-ah-need-to-go," Laura moaned.

"It won't take but just a second Princess. See, I'm paying for it right now
sweetie."

But, it was too late. Laura felt the pleasant buzzing grow in intensity, and
then it washed over her body.  She grabbed Beth and hugged her body tightly -
even going so far as to wrap a lean leg over Beth's ass, so she wouldn't fall
down.

Laura's hips thrust in time to each spasm in her cunt.  The lower cheeks of her
perky bottom now displayed to the customers behind her in line.

Beth kissed her deeply, drowning out the cries of her lover.

Afterwards, Laura looked around sheepishly at the leering stares of the
customers and wondered at what she had become. Until she looked into the
smoldering gaze of her lover and knew.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





