BDSM Library - Drug Slaves




Drug Slaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The drug that gives the pleasure and that gives the pain make his a powerful master over his slaves.
     The following is a copyrighted adult story.  It may be
freely distributed, unchanged, to any bulletin board with an
adult only area.  If you find descriptions of graphic sex and
sexual situations objectionable, DO NOT READ THIS STORY!  You
have been warned!  The author retains all legal rights to this
story and it's characters.
     There, now after all that, I hope everyone enjoys this
story.  More parts will follow on this, the best adult bulletin
board in the U.S, NIX PIX WINDY CITY! (708 564 1092). Any
comments or suggestions for this story would be appreciated.
Please leave a note at the above bulletin board for "Don CA"
(don't use quotes).  Thanks and good reading!
     Or on R & E as a drgslv.cmt file.




          Triloxakin:  A colorless, tasteless drug to
          be taken orally, invented by the Matabin
          Pharmaceutical company.  A pain killer for
          those with severe terminal illness (cancer,
          etc).  Fuses itself to nerve endings blocking
          the sense of pain.  Sends a euphoric feeling
          to patient, and a relaxed, subdued feeling to
          brain.  Unfortunately, euphoric feeling only
          lasts a few seconds (although patients have
          described it as hours.  This seems to be an
          after effect on the brain).
       
          Side effects:  Drug is 100% addicting, both
          on a physical and psychological level.
          Physical addiction consists of a change in
          the brain and nerve centers.  Patient feels a
          need for the drug almost immediately after
          use.  After 12 hours, the effects on the
          nerves sends periodic spasms of fire like
          pain throughout the nervous system at one to
          two hour intervals, lasting for about five
          seconds. After 36 hours, the spasm rate will
          increase throughout the body from
          approximately one hour intervals to fifteen
          minute intervals, until 48 hours, when
          patient can expect spasms every fifteen
          minutes.  From 48 hours to 72 hours, spasms
          will remain steady at fifteen minute, but
          duration of spasms will increase until 72
          hours.  At this stage, the nerve spasm is
          continuous, patient losses all control of
          their nerve cells and neurological functions,
          making it appear he/she is in a coma.
          Patient will experience the pain spasms at
          all times in this stage.  There appears to be
          no way to remove patient from coma except by
          giving triloxakin or triloxan (see below).
          Psychological effects seems to be an extreme
          dependency on drug supplier as well as drug,
          with a heightened fear of loss of drug and
          supplier.  Appears to also act as
          aphrodisiac.  No know cure for addiction once
          given.  Matabin has stopped all research on
          drug.

       
       
          Triloxan:  Same as triloxakin, except does
          not give feeling of euphoria.  Will "reset"
          drug counter to zero to delay coma.

       
       
          Triloxcin:  An attempt to remove drug from
          nerve endings to stop physical addiction of
          triloxakin in patients.  Unfortunately, it
          puts patient into immediate pain coma without
          removing triloxakin from patients system.


===============================================================




                           DRUG SLAVES
                               By
                             Don CA

                           CHAPTER ONE
                       CATHY'S RECRUITMENT


     Cathy Breamer looked up at the two story house.  Its shape
was outlined against Fridays early evening skyline as she walked
along the cement path leading to the large double doors at the
front.  The heat of the summer sun struck her body, warming it as
she walked, her sweat glueing her red silk blouse and black skirt
to her skin.  It was a beautiful house, she thought to herself.
Sitting on about five wooded acres on a small hill looking over
the Pacific coast ten miles away, with the sleepy town of Oxnard
spread out below it.

     Very little had ever scared Cathy in her twenty three years
of life, but what waited for her in this house did.  She had
graduated from Harvard Business College a year earlier and landed
a job immediately in southern California as a vice president of a
large modeling agency.  She had originally applied there as a
model, her slim 5'4", 105 lbs, 35-23-36 body with long dark hair
and hazel eyes had made her a natural.  And when the company had
found out she had brains, too, she had gone straight to the top
in short order.  But last Wednesday, something had gone wrong.

     It was an early Wednesday afternoon party, being given by
the president for landing a contract with a large cosmetics
company, worth over 50 million.  She had just taken a sip of
punch when it hit her, a feeling of intense pleasure, like a
thousand orgasms at once.  It seemed to last for hours, such an
intense feeling she had never known before.  When it ended, she
looked around her, sure that everyone must be staring at her now.
To her amazement no one had noticed a thing.  Looking at her
watch, she realized hardly any time had passed.

     Quickly excusing herself, she grabbed a full cup of punch
and almost ran to her office.  She downed the punch, but to her
dismay, nothing happened.

     She went home that evening to her Beverly Hills apartment,
wondering if she had imagined it all.  No, she couldn't have.
She had felt that pleasure, and she wanted it again, at any cost.

     As she stripped off her clothes in her bedroom, she noticed
a wet feeling against her thighs.  Reaching down with her hand,
she realized her pussy was sopping wet with her juice.  When her
hand brushed her clit through her dainty panties, a low moan
escaped her lips.  Her hand slipped down her flat, hard, stomach,
reaching inside her panties to her cunt.  Her fingers brushed
against her clit, rubbing the outside of her pussy as her other
hand reached up into her bra and began to tug at one of her tits.
She molded the firm mammary in her hand, pulling on the nipple
until it hurt, then moved over to the other breast.

     She unhooked the latch on the front of the bra, removing the
elastic material, allowing her two mellon size orbs to free
themselves from their confinement.  Quickly her other hand pulled
her panties down, ripping them in her haste.  She lied down on
her bed, her smooth, tanned legs spread wide and bent at the
knees so she had easy access to her cunt.

     "Owwww", she moaned, as her hand raced down into her sopping
pussy.  Two of her fingers buryied themselves into her love
mound, stroking her hot clit as they moved into her.

     She licked her lips, her loud moans turning her on even
further.  She brought her other hand up to her face, sucking in
her fingers like it was a mans dick.  Her tongue ran along the
fingers, her mind wishing it was the real thing.  As her hand
worked on her pussy, plunging in and out to meet her thrusting
hips, she removed the hand from her mouth and started to rub her
titties again.  First one breast, then the other, tugging on the
nipples until they were hard and sore to the touch.  She
continued, the fingers moving like pistons in and out of her love
nest, bringing her closer to orgasm, the pain exciting her even
more.

     The orgasm shook her body, her fingers buried deep inside
her cunt.  She rocked back and forth on the bed.  Her legs closed
tightly together, her knees drawn up to her chest, locking her
fingers deep inside pussy, her other hand gripping her breast in
a vise like hold.  For 5 minutes she laid there and shook, but
when it was over, her mind went back to the feeling she had at
the party, wanting it again, not this pale comparison.

     She got up, took a quick shower, ate a light meal and went
to bed, still thinking about the party, and wondering what had
happened to her.

     Cathy awoke at 6:00 am the next morning, coming out of a
dream where she was making love, but couldn't quite cum.  Feeling
the wetness between her legs, she knew she had to shower again.

     Shit, she thought, what's happening to me?  Am I becoming a
sex freak or what?

     As she sat at her table, reading the morning paper and
drinking her coffee, she couldn't get the party out of her mind.
She wanted that feeling again, at any cost.  But how?  What had
caused it?

     Oh well, she thought, time to get to work.  As she rose from
her chair, it hit.  A giant wall of flame seemed to engulfed her
entire body, sending her sprawling across the kitchen floor.  She
laid there in pain for about five seconds, panic spreading
through her mind.  Then it ended.  Just as quickly as it had
begun, it was over.  She stood on shaking legs, her breast
swaying slightly in her bra as she sucked in air, trying to
control her panic.

     What the fuck is happening to me, she thought to herself?  I
don't know what's going on, but someone is going to pay!  She was
sure someone had spiked the punch, and was determined to find out
who!

     But she didn't.  No one at work knew anything.  She had
listened and talked to everyone discreetly.  No one knew.  By
noon she had two more attacks.

     Cathy was now a very scared young girl.

     When she got up the next morning, the attacks were becoming
more frequent, waking her up like clockwork all night long.

     By noon that Friday, she was ready to call a doctor.  The
attacks were driving her crazy, and she couldn't get her mind off
of them or her pleasure attack enough to get anything done.

     Right after noon, her secretary walked into her office,
"Excuse me, Miss Breamer, but a young lady asked me to give this
to you, saying it would explain your problem.".

     Cathy jumped up, "Were is she?", she screamed at the poor
secretary.

     "She's gone, Mam.  She just dropped this off and left before
I could even as her name.".

     "I see.", Cathy replied.  Damn her, she thought to herself,
stupid bitch!  "Give me the envelope and then you may leave.".

     "Yes Mam.", she replied, handing her the letter, and
hurrying from the office.

     After she left, Cathy ripped the envelope open.  Her heart
cried as she read it.

     "If you want to feel the ecstasy again, and stop the pain,
come to 3200 Lincoln way in Oxnard after 5:00 pm today.  If you
do not come today, do not come ever.  Do not come before 5:00,
and do not tell anyone were you are going.  If you do, I will
know, and you will never have the pleasure again, but the pain
will last forever!".

     Cathy read and reread the note.  My god, she thought, what
should she do.  But even as her mind raced with options, another
pain spasm racked her body, and she knew she would go to this
address, and give them whatever they wanted.

     It was 5:15 in the evening when she walked up to the house.
She stopped for a minute, starring at the huge house in front of
her, wondering if she should go on.  Even as she argued with
herself, the pain hit.  The attacks were coming more often now,
every fifteen minutes, and they appeared to last longer each
time.  She fell sideways onto some flowers, her ankles bending
from her high heels.  As the attack ended, she started to walk
forward to the house.  She knew that she had no choice.

     Cathy's trembling hand reached up and pushed the door bell
button.  She stood there for several minutes, getting ready to
ring again, when one of the giant doors opened.

     "You must be Cathy.  The master is expecting you, come in."

     Cathy stood staring at the young blonde.  She couldn't be
over eighteen or nineteen, Cathy thought, extremely pretty.  She
was about 5'1" or so, about 100 lbs with nice size breasts, not
giant ones, but adequate, with a nice butt, smooth legs, and long
hair, down to her ass.  She was wearing a black silk body blouse
with cute nylon running shorts on.  Around her neck she
appeared to be wearing some sort of collar.  As the wind moved
the blouse slightly, Cathy realized the girl wasn't wearing a
bra.

     "Just who is this Master, and who are you?", Cathy asked in
a defiant tone.  She already didn't like the way this was going.

     "My name is Linda, and that is all I am allowed to say.  The
Master will explain the rest to you.  You must come in or leave
here forever."

     "All right.", Cathy replied, taking a deep breath and
stepping inside the entrance of the house, the coolness sending a
quick shiver through her hot body.

     Linda closed the door behind her and started to walk down
the large hallway.

     "Follow me.", she said to Cathy as she walked away.

     Cathy followed her through the house.  As they passed
through one room, she could see a spiral stairway.  At the other
end she saw a plate glass window looking into the backyard. There
she saw a large swimming pool, with a young black girl doing
aerobics in a skimpy two piece bikini.

     "Wait here.", Linda instructed Cathy as they entered what
seemed to be study, with books engulfing two walls, from floor to
ceiling.  A large desk sat at the far end, with some chairs and a
sofa at the end she was standing at.

     "Where are you going?", Cathy asked, but not fast enough,
Linda had already left and shut the door.

     She looked around the room, sighing to herself, settling
into one of the chairs to wait.

     After ten minutes, and one pain attack, the door opened.

     Mike walked into his study, looking at Cathy as he entered
the room.  He stopped about five feet from her and stared at her.
She is a looker, he thought.  She will make a great slave.

     Cathy rose as Mike entered.  She looked him over quickly.
About 6'1", she thought, 180 lbs, short dark hair, and not bad
looking.

     "I do not like being treated this way, whoever you are.
What you have done to me is illegal and you'd better come clean
with me if you don't expect to spend the rest of your life in
prison!  Now what is your name, and why am I here.", Cathy said
to him with a false sense of courage, hoping to put this stranger
on the defensive.

     "My name is unimportant to you, you will address me as
Master from now on.", he replied coolly to her.

     Her anger flared as she yelled back at him, "I will NOT call
you Master, or anything else.  You have ten seconds to start
explaining to me what is going on or else!".

     "Or else what, Cathy?  You aren't going to do anything.  If
you don't like it, leave.  Right through the door you walked in
to get here, Linda will lead you out.  Just forget about the
elation you felt Wednesday, or the pain you've felt since."

     Cathy thought over her options for a few seconds, her false
courage quickly leaving her.

     "What do you want from me?", Cathy almost whispered to him,
the fight gone from her at the thought of never feeling the
pleasure again.

     He just stared at her for several minutes, before it dawned
on her what he wanted.

     "I mean, what do want, Master?", she asked, the tears
beginning to move down her cheeks.

     "That's better.", he replied.  "Your attitude is improving.
But before we go any further, why don't I give you another hit of
that drug you like so much.  It will stop the pain attacks and
make it easier for us to discuss payment."

     "All right.".  Cathy's body was beginning to tremble just
thinking about the pleasure.  She must have it, she seemed to
need it more than anything else.

     "Fine, just lie down on the couch there so you don't fall
down and I'll give you some.".

     Cathy lied down on the leather couch as Mike pulled a small
bottle from his pocket.  He took an eyedropper from the bottle
with one or two drops of fluid in it.

     "Now just lie back and open your mouth, and I'll put it
right in.", he said to her.

     She bent her head back slightly and opened her mouth wide,
giving him her tongue as a target to drop the liquid.  She felt a
drop hit her tongue and she quickly sucked it in, waiting for the
intense pleasure to quick in.

     It didn't.  What did hit her was pain, the same pain spasms
that had hit her before, only this one didn't stop.  She tried to
cry out, but her body refused to obey her.  It was as if her
entire body was on fire, and with each passing second it seemed
to get worse.

     In the background she heard the Master sit in a chair across
from her.

     "What you are experiencing, Cathy is the drug triloxcin.  It
was made as an antidote to the first drug that was given you,
triloxakin.  As you can tell, it doesn't work.

     "I know you can hear me, even though any doctor that looked
at you would assume that you were in a coma.  That is what
triloxakin does to you after 72 hours if don't have another dose.
I'm doing this to you to let you know what your life will be like
if you don't do as I say.  You will go into this coma, and the
doctors will put you on life support because your alpha brain
waves will show you are still alive.  You will spend the rest of
your life in a living hell, the pain getting worse every day with
no escape possible.  If, on the other hand, you are a good slave
and do as you are told, I will give you the pleasure drug once a
day, and you will be happy for the rest of your life.

     "I'm going to leave you here, like this for two hours to
think about it Cathy.  When I get back, you have two choices, 1:
get on your knees, pledging yourself as my slave to fulfill my
every wish, or 2: walk out the door, to never return.  Once you
leave, there is no coming back.  Think about it.", Mike told her
as she laid on the couch, her body showing no signs of the pain
going on inside.

     I'll do it, Cathy screamed to herself.  Stop the pain, I'll
do whatever you want!  But no words would come from her mouth,
and as she heard the door shut, she knew she was alone.  The pain
was building, and she swore once he came back, she would do
whatever he wanted.  She never wanted to go through this again.

     After what seemed like two years rather than two hours in
her pain coma, she heard the door gently open and then shut.
Footsteps came toward her, and she felt someone open her mouth,
even through the pain.

     And it ended, just like that.  As fast as it started, it
stopped.  She had control of her body again.

     "Well slave, time to choose.  Either go or kneel, make up
your mind.", the Master told her softly.

     Cathy struggled off the couch, still a little shaky from her
ordeal.  She looked over at the Master, standing back about five
or six feet.  She quickly moved over to him, not even bothering
to stand but crawling.

     She got on her knees before him, saying,"Master, I promise
to do whatever you wish.  I am your property to do with as you
please.  Please take me as your slave.".

     "Very good slave, not a bad little speech.  You did not feel
the pleasure when I gave you the drug this time.  That is because
you will only be given that drug when you please and obey me.
This drug will delay the pain coma for 72 hours.  Do you
understand?"

     "Yes.", Cathy lied.  She really didn't, but she wasn't going
to take any chances.

     She never saw the hand, it came quickly from her left side,
an opened handed slap on her cheek that sent her sprawling and
left a bright red mark on the side of her head.

     "You will refer to me as Master, don't ever forget that!",
he told her.

     "Ye, yes, Mas, Master.", she stuttered out to him, quickly
getting back on her knees, not wanting to get hit again.

     "That type of behavior will not get you the pleasure you
want. Understand?".

     "Yes Master.", she said.

     "Good.  Now stand up and remove your clothes.  Quickly!", he
barked to her.

     Cathy jumped up, not wanting to get hit again, but also
because she wanted to feel the pleasure again, and would do
anything to avoid the pain.  She quickly removed her blouse, then
her bra, her tits standing almost straight out, with very little
sag.  She lowered her skirt, down to her ankles and stepped out
of it.  Then her panty hose.  She carefully rolled them down her
smooth legs and set them aside.  Next came her bikini panties.
For some reason they were wet with her juices, leaving little
streaks on her legs as she lowered them to the floor and kicked
them out of the way.

     As soon as she was naked, she got back down on her knees in
front of her Master.

     "Very good, slave.  Keep this up and you just might get some
pleasure later after all.  Now stand up so I can have a good look
at you.", Mike told her.

     She stood up, hands at her sides, head bowed, as Mike slowly
walked around her, giving her the once over.

     "Spread your legs more.", he said.

     She moved her legs apart, giving him easy access to her
dripping pussy.

     He reached out to her breasts, standing in front of her
naked body.  He kneaded the firm flesh in his hands, enjoying the
hot feel of her skin.  He roughly pulled at her nipple until a
soft moan escaped from her lips.

     She was a beauty, he thought.  He reached down to her pussy,
parting her lips and slipped a finger easily inside.  She was
wet, her cum beginning to run down his finger as he pumped it in
and out of her.  He added another, so that he had two fingers
slowly moving into her, brushing her clit with every stroke.

     The fingers inside her pussy were driving Cathy crazy.  She
could not believe how turned on she was by all this.  She felt
the fingers moving into her, rubbing her little clit with each
stroke.  Her thighs began to move with his fingers, trying to
keep them buried inside her.  His other hand was still rubbing
her tits, keeping the nipples hot and hard, bringing her even
closer to orgasm.  She groaned as she felt his fingers leave her
pussy, not wanting him to stop.

     "Suck my fingers like a cock, slave!", Mike told her as he
moved his hand up to his mouth.

     Cathy opened her mouth when she felt his fingers pressing
against her lips.  She sucked the digits into her wet oral hole,
cleaning her salty fluid from his fingers as her tongue moved up
and down their length like a real cock.  She felt his fingers
leave her mouth after they were clean and move back down to her
pussy.  They plunged back inside her moist hole, coating
themselves again in her juice as they pumped up into her, only to
leave and head back up to her mouth.

     She didn't need to be told this time, her mouth opened and
she sucked the fingers inside her.  She quickly cleaned them of
juice, and they left again for her pussy.

     Mike watched his new slave squirm under his fingers.  He
moved his hand back and forth from pussy to mouth for about ten
minutes, as she continued to clean his fingers of her cunt juice
each time.

     "Ok, slave, now put this one.", he told her, handing her a
black dog collar.

     She looked at the collar for a second.  It looked just like
the one she had seen around Linda's neck.  She took it and put it
around her neck without a word, tightening it as best she could.

     Mike admired her for a second.  She looked great standing
there in front of him, head bowed, legs spread, and wearing a
collar!

     "Turn around and put your hands behind your back.", he
ordered her, "Time for some restraints.".

     She hesitated for a second, then turned around, her hands
locking onto each other behind her back.  She felt Mike pry her
hands apart and force each of her hands into some kind of glove
that ran almost up to her shoulders on each arm.  Then she felt
him tighten up the restraint, and realized it actually was one
glove and he was tightening it up her back, pulling her arms
together so her elbows touched, then continued the rest of the
way up to her shoulders.  When he finished, her arms were bound
tightly together behind her, her shoulders being pulled back and
toward each other painfully.

     Mike turned her around and looked at his handiwork.  With
her bound this way, her chest seemed to push even further out
from her arched body.

     "Kneel and suck my cock, slave.  Be warned, if I feel one
bite on my dick, your going to get a full 12 hours of pain
drug.", Mike told her as he pulled his pants and jockey shorts
off.

     "Yes, Master.", Cathy told him, shuddering to herself
thinking of 12 hours of pain.  The two had almost killed her, the
last thing she wanted was more!

     She slid down to her knees and stared at his cock.  My god,
she thought, the thing is huge!  At least 9", maybe 10", she
judged, but so thick.  She was going to have a hell of a time not
hitting her teeth on it.

     Cathy moved her face close to his erection, her nostrils
catching the putrid smell of urine, sweat, and cum from his groin
area.  She forced herself to ignore it and moved her mouth to his
rigid tool, opening wide to take in much as she could, working
her mouth half way down its length before starting back up.  Her
tongue lapped at the underside on each stroke, then twirled
across the sensitive top before starting back down.

     "Take it all slave.  All the way into your throat, till you
hit bottom!", Mike ordered her.

     Cathy cringed at the thought, but tried to force more into
her mouth.  When it reached the back of her throat, she started
to choke and couldn't get any more inside.  She continued to lick
as hard as she could hoping that would please her Master.

     The next time her mouth moved down his shaft, Mike was ready
for her.  As his penis hit the back of her throat and she started
to move back up its length, Mike grabbed her head and slammed
forward with his hips, burying his cock deep within her mouth,
her nose smashed into his groin.  She struggled to move back, but
he held her firmly in place.

     "Stop trying to move, your not going to die, but if you
don't sit still, I'll leave it in your throat until you pass
out!", Mike told her.

     Cathy had felt him grab her head and knew what was going to
happen, but it still surprised her when his cock slammed into the
back of her mouth and ground itself deeply into her throat.  At
first she panicked, not being able to breath, but once she heard
her Master tell her to stop she did.  She did not want to get him
mad at her again!

     After a few seconds he relaxed his grip on her head and
moved it backward, all the way to the tip of his shaft, then
plunged it back down until her nose was once again against his
groin.  He did this several times with her, keeping his dick
buried deep inside her throat for about twenty seconds each time
until he thought she had it down and then released her to carry
on alone.

     Cathy felt him let go of her head after a few more strokes
into her throat.  She quickly buried her head deep into his pubic
mound, eager to show her master that she would do anything to
please him.

     As her mouth moved up and down his hard manhood, her tongue
was licking all along its length, moving up and down its length,
tickling it with each stroke.  She was beginning to enjoy this
for some reason, the throbbing cock feeling good when it was
buried inside her throat, pushing against her air pipe.  The
thought of the cum inside his balls was forcing her to work
faster.  She wanted that cum inside her mouth.  She wanted to
suck it all down into her stomach, to try and please her Master,
who controlled the drug she so desperately needed.

     Mike could feel the orgasm approaching swiftly.  He reached
down and grabbed her head again, this time finding no resistance
from her.  He pulled her mouth onto his shaft, burying it deep in
her throat as he began to pour his jism into her.  After the
first few shots into her throat, he pulled her head back, forcing
her to take the cum into her mouth.  Making her taste his seed as
shot after shot hit her tongue, some dripping down the sides of
her mouth to the floor below because she couldn't swallow fast
enough.  He let go of her and watched her continue to suck on his
torrid dick, her tongue licking up along the shaft to catch what
was about to drip onto the floor.  After his shaft was clean, she
looked down at his spilled seed on the hardwood floor and bent
her head down and licked it clean, moaning to herself as she did.
Then her head moved back up to his spent rod, her mouth taking it
back inside.

     When her Master grabbed her head a second time, she knew he
must be ready to cum.  As her head slammed into his groin, she
felt his huge dick start to throb as it released its load into
her.  She worked on his dick, trying to massage it with her
throat.  As his hand guided her head back to his spewing tip, she
knew what he wanted.  He wanted her to taste his cum before she
swallowed it all.  She let her head rest with only a third of his
rod inside her eagerly sucking mouth, trying to swallow his salty
fluid as it poured into her.  She couldn't get it all.  Some
leaked out onto his stiff member and down to the floor, but she
still tried to get as much as she could, actually beginning to
like the taste and feel of his jism inside mouth.

       After she was sure his cock was through shooting his seed
into her mouth, Cathy used her tongue along the length of his
softening manhood to lick up all of his nectar that had spilled
out.  Looking down, she saw some had fallen onto the floor.
Moaning to herself, she lowered her head to the floor, her tongue
darting across the oak planks to gather the seed, now cold and
hard from exposure to air, licking up the dirt and dust as well,
swallowing it all as fast as she could.  She hoped this act would
save her from punishment from her Master for dropping his cum in
the first place.

     She moved back up to his soft dick, and took it back into
her mouth.  After all, she thought, he had told me to suck his
cock, and had not told me to stop yet!  Cathy moved her head
slowly up and down her Masters flaccid rod, licking along its
entire length as she went.  She got the entire amount easily into
her mouth.

     She was beginning to get sore from her sucking, her jaws
ached, and her arms and shoulders definitely hurt from the tight
restraint she was forced into.  But if she got the pleasure drug
tonight, she thought, it  would all be worth it.  Besides, this
didn't hurt nearly as much as the pain coma she had been in
before.  She would do anything rather then let that happen to her
again!

     Mike looked down at his new slave.  She had moved back to
sucking his dick without even being told!  She's going to be a
good one, Mike thought, allowing himself to enjoy the attention
Cathy's mouth and tongue were giving his tool.  Yes indeed, he
thought, as he felt his tool begin to grow hard again in her
mouth.

     As Cathy continued to suck on her Masters penis, she began
to feel the blood surge back into it, slowly making it grow in
her mouth.  She worked harder, her cheeks bulging in and out as
his stiff manhood began the long ride back into her sore throat.
She buried him inside her, her tongue roving around the base and
half the length of his tool.  For over a minute she kept him
inside her throat, before she moved her head back to get a breath
of air.  Up and down her lips moved, fitting him like a glove,
his now rock hard staff glistening with her spit as it moved in
and out of her oral cavity.

     "Stop slave, and stand up.", Mike ordered her.

     "Yes, Master.", Cathy quickly replied while standing up.

     Her legs were so cramped she could barely move after
kneeling so long.  But she stood before him as steady as she
could, ready for his next instruction.

     I wonder what he'll have me do next, she thought to herself?

                                END
                             CHAPTER ONE




                           DRUG SLAVES
                               By
                             Don CA

                            CHAPTER 2
                        CATHY'S TRAINING

      Mike reached out with both his hands, grabbing as much of
Cathy's firm tits as he could, kneading the pliant flesh with his
hard fingers.  He worked her nipples, hard and standing straight
out, with his thumb and forefinger, tweaking them until he heard
her moan with pain from his abuse.  He tormented her orbs for a
few minutes longer.  When he moved his hands away, he saw her
once milky white skin was now beat red from his abuse of her
breasts.

      "Very good slave,", Mike told her, "you are coming along
very nicely in your training.".

      "Thank you, Master.", Cathy replied to him, unsure of what
else to say.

      Mike grabbed her shoulders and spun her around, so her back
was to him.  He reached up and checked all the straps on the
glove restraint, making sure they were tight all the way up to
her shoulders.  Satisfied with the straps, he quickly put his
pants back on, then walked over to his desk and opened a drawer. 
Reaching inside, he pulled out a chain dog leash.

      "Come here.", he ordered her.

      Cathy had seen the leash when he pulled it out, and knew
what was coming.  Without hesitation she walked over to him,
lifting her head back so he could have easy access to the collar
encircling her neck.

      Mike smiled to himself while he watched Cathy walk towards
him, her breasts jiggling with each step.  As she lifted her head
back, Mike reached up and snapped the leash onto her collar.

      "Follow me.", he ordered, leading her out of the room with
the leash.

      As they walked through the door, Cathy saw Linda standing
next to the wall.  Had she been there all this time, Cathy
wondered?

      "Linda, go inside and clean the room.  Be sure to pick up
all her clothes.", Mike ordered at her.

      "Yes Master.", Linda replied, and then moved swiftly into
the room to do his bidding.

      Mike led Cathy through the house, into the kitchen were he
unlocked a door and led her down into the basement.  At the
bottom of the stairs there was another locked door.  Mike opened
it and reached inside, flicking on the lights.

      Cathy let out a small groan of despair when she saw what was
inside.  The room was obviously some sort of dungeon, with
various apparatus spread throughout the large stone room. 

      Against the far wall were several cages, the size for large
dogs, but Cathy doubted if a dog had ever been inside one.  On
the other wall were chains and cables connected to pulleys. 
Everywhere along the floor were rings set in cement.  There were
also various chairs and tables in the room, most with straps on
them for tying people down.  Some had electrical cords running
around and through them.  Cathy tried not to think what they were
for.

      "Hello Luan,", Mike said, "and how are we doing now?".

      At first Cathy didn't know who he was talking to, until she
heard the muffled moans coming from across the room.

      Looking over, she saw what appeared to be a young, dark
skinned girl tied standing to a pole set in the concrete floor. 

      Probably Mexican, Cathy thought.  Her head was covered with
a leather mask so she couldn't see her features, but she noticed
long dark hair flowing out of the bottom of the mask.  From the
moans and grunts she heard, she knew the girl obviously had some
sort of gag in her mouth.  Her hands were tied behind the pole,
and various straps crossed her body to hold it tight.  Her legs
had been tied to two of the rings on the floor, spread in a wide
v.  Under her pussy on the floor, Cathy saw some sort of machine.
It was a large box, about two feet long, one foot wide, and a
foot and a half tall.  There where several dials and gauges on
it, plus a red and green light.  The lights would alternate every
few seconds.  One of the gauges would go to zero when the red
light was on, and the girl would struggle and cry against her
gag.  A metal pole reached up from the machine to the girls cunt,
were it increased in diameter and disappeared inside her. 

      "Electric shock to her pussy.", Mike explained to Cathy. 

      "Luan was twenty minutes late with lunch today, so she gets
a few hours of this as punishment.  In the future, I'm sure
she'll be more punctual.".

      Cathy looked at the poor girl, a sudden feeling a dread
overcoming her.  My god, she thought, what have I gotten myself
into.  Still, it could not possibly be worse then the drug
induced pain she had felt earlier.  Nothing could be worse than
that.

      "Come here, Cathy.", Mike ordered her.

      While she wasn't looking, her Master had moved over to some
sort of restraint device.  It looked like the old medieval
stocks, but it had a short table connected to it.

      When she moved over to him, Mike undid her collar and glove
restraint, momentarily freeing her.

      Cathy sighed in relief, her arms and shoulder had begun to
throb in pain from being bound firmly in the same position so
long.

      "Lie down on the table Cathy," Mike ordered her, "with your
head and arms through the stocks.".

      Cathy began to lie face down on the table, moving her hands
toward the stocks.

      "No.", Mike said.  "Lie down on your back."  He raised the
half arm of the stocks so she could slip inside.

      Cathy obeyed him, turning over.  Her head and hands were now
in the stocks, her head hanging down without support as Mike
closed the stock on her.  It was a tight fit, the padded wood
holding her wrists firmly in place.

      Mike moved to her body after securing the stock in place. 
Her back was on the small table, but it wasn't quite long enough
to hold up her pussy and ass.  In this way, her lower anatomy was
completely exposed to him.  The table was just high enough that
her legs could not touch the floor.  He reached under the table
by her shoulder and brought out a strap.  He wrapped this around
her ankle and then tightened it to a tie down ring on the table,
pulling her ankle and leg, folded at the knee, up and back.  He
moved to her other side and did the same thing.

      Cathy felt the straps on her ankles pulling her legs back
and apart.  She could feel the cool air on her pussy and knew she
was completely open to her Master now.  She stared up at the
ceiling wondering what would happen next.

      Mike removed his pants and walked over to the front of the
stock, were Cathy's head stuck through.  He had made the stocks
at just the right height to hold his slaves head so they could
give him blow jobs.  He grabbed Cathy's head, pushing it down,
and shoved his semi erect penis into her open mouth.  He felt her
begin to suck him in and run her tongue along his manhood's
length as soon as he entered her.  He grabbed the top of the
stocks for support and began to pump his dick in and out of her
noisily sucking mouth, shoving his cock deep into her throat with
each thrust, his balls slapping her face, then moving it back out
till only the tip of the head was in her oral cavity before
slamming back into her.

      Cathy saw him remove his pants and move toward her head in
the stock.  She opened her mouth wide before he even had a hold
of her, her tongue reaching out to lick the tip of his hot,
fleshy missile before it entered her.  She moaned to herself,
liking the salty taste of his penis as it slid into her sucking
mouth and moved down her throat.  She ran her tongue along its
length, stopping at the tip to plunge in and try to get some of
his salty nectar, then back to its base as he shoved it back in. 
His rhythmic pumping was making his balls slap loudly against her
nose with each stroke, her nostrils filling with the pungent
aroma of his sweaty seed machine. 

      After several minutes, he pulled out of her mouth and moved
forward, his scrotum sack lying on her mouth.

      "Lick my balls, slave.", Mike ordered her.

      "Yes Master.", Cathy replied, reaching out with her tongue
to lick his sack of cum.

      She had a hard time licking his balls.  Not being able to
hold onto them, they moved sideways and around, never staying in
one place.  Still, she did her best, her tongue moving around
first one of his testicles, and then the other, licking all of
the sweat and dead skin off his hairy sack and between his
thighs.

      After a few minutes of this, Mike moved away.   He reached
under the stocks and removed a dildo gag.  He shoved the two inch
long and three inch wide rubber dildo into Cathy's mouth, pulling
the straps tight behind her head and fastening them.

      Now it's time for some pussy, he thought.

      He walked around Cathy, grabbing her tits and pulling hard
as he moved between her spread legs.  Her pussy lips were spread
slightly, a white stream of her juice leaking down into the crack
of her ass and falling on the floor.  Mike reached out and shoved
a finger up her pussy.  He thrust a second in and began to work
them in and out of her wet hole.  Her body reacted with each
thrust of his hand, her hips trying to move to meet his thrusting
fingers.  Taking his fingers out, he moved his penis against her
moist opening, first coating it with cum from his wet fingers. 
With one hard push he forced himself into her, his cock smashing
into her.  His huge member forced its way the length of her love
canal, hitting her uterus and forcing it backward against her
intestines.  He slowly withdrew his rigid tool, until only the
head was still inside her, then thrust his hips forward again,
sending his dick back into her depths, hearing her gasp when his
groin slammed into her mound.  In and out he moved, picking a
slow rhythm, enjoying the feel of her pussy walls grabbing his
rod, her hips straining against the restraints to meet his
thrusts, trying to keep it buried inside her.

      Cathy felt his hands move down her body, from her tits down
into her pussy.  She was getting excited, the fingers moving
inside of her were bringing her closer to climax. 

      When his fingers left, she knew what was coming.  His member
tore into her, making her scream in pain against the dildo gag in
her mouth.  As her Master started to fuck her pussy, the pain
faded away, to be replaced again by her lust.  She tried to move
her hips in time to his humping, the straps holding her body down
making it almost impossible.  She could feel his huge rod moving
up her canal of love, pushing her intestines out of the way as it
spread her pussy further then it had ever been before.  Forward
it went, only to withdraw again, sucking her walls together as it
moved backward.

      Mike increased his tempo now, feeling his orgasm approach.

      God, this cunt is tight, he thought to himself.  His tool
glistened with her juice as it moved inside her. 

      Finally he could hold off no longer.  He buried himself in
her with one huge lurch into her body, his hands reaching up and
grabbing a handful of her tits and squeezing as he started to
cum.  His dick started spewing forth his seed, sending shot after
shot into her hot depths.  As he started to cum, he felt her body
quiver and go tense, and realized she, too, was cumming.  He let
his cock stay inside her after he came, his jism mixing with the
juice inside her cunt, as he laid his body on top of hers, his
hands still clutching her breasts.

      Cathy felt him slam into her pussy the last time and knew he
must be cumming.  His groin was pressing hard against her pussy
mound.  As his cock began to spurt, she felt the shots of cum
inside her, coating her pussy with hot liquid, sending her to the
brink of orgasm.  When she felt his hands grab her tits, the
sensations overloaded her already strained nervous system and she
came with a pipeline orgasm, her body fighting against the straps
that held her firmly beneath him as wave after wave of orgasmic
pleasure engulfed her.

      Mike slowly pushed himself off of Cathy's body, their sweat
making a sucking sound when he did.  He looked down at his now
soft dick, covered with his cum and her juice, and saw that she
also was leaking steadily, their mingled fluid falling on the
floor.

      I'm going to have to do something about this, he thought,
looking over at Luan.  And I know just the Latin girl to do it
with!

      He walked over to Luan and reached down, turning off the
shock machine and unplugging it.  He quickly had her unhooked and
untied from the pole.  He gave her a few seconds to straighten
herself out. 

      She was a looker.  Very short, just 4'9" and 90 lbs, but
what a body she had at 22 years of age.  He reached out and held
one of her breasts, kneading it slightly until milk began to pump
slowly out it.  He had made Luan take special birth control pills
that made her milk glands develop.  What he got was a 36-22-34
figure on a very small frame!

      "Think you've learned your lesson, Luan?", Mike asked her.

      "Yes Master.  I'm very sorry, that will never happen again,
I swear it.", Luan answer him in a trembling voice, her Spanish
accent making the words seem slurred.

      "Good, I'm glad we got that straight.", Mike told her.

      "Now, do you see that dark haired girl tied to the stocks
over there?", Mike asked.

      "Yes Master".

      "She has an extremely wet pussy.  As a matter of fact she is
leaking all over the floor.  Now you get over there and clean up
her pussy, her asshole, and the floor with your tongue", Mike
told her.

      "Yes Master", Luan replied as she hastily moved over to
Cathy's spread legs and knelt between them, her head lowering to
her pussy.

      Mike moved over to Cathy's head and removed the dildo gag
from her mouth.  He moved his dick over to her mouth.

      "Clean it slave.", he ordered her.

      Mike saw Cathy open her mouth, taking his gooey dick inside. 
He felt her tongue swirl around his soft rod, her mouth working
to clean all their juice from it. 

      He looked over at Luan, who was busily sucking the juices
out of Cathy's cunt, her hands spreading her pussy lips so she
could get as much of her tongue inside her as she could.  She
lapped at the salty fluid like a dog dyeing of thirst, her tongue
moving deep inside of Cathy as she attempted to get every drop
from her used cunt.  After she was sure she had eaten all of her
Master's cum, Luan lowered her tongue to Cathy's asshole. 
Pushing it inside, she tasted Cathy's shit as she worked her
tongue into her ass.  She made sure she got every drop out of
Cathy's dark hole and off of her body before she lowered her head
to the floor. 

      Luan's nose scraped the smooth concrete floor as her tongue
moved in and out of her mouth, trying to capture all of the sex
fluid that had fallen from Cathy's pussy.  Her tongue moved in
large circles, getting smaller with each rotation, until all of
the pussy juice and jism had disappeared into her eager mouth.

      Cathy heard Mike giving Luan her orders, then watched him as
he moved over to her and removed the dildo gag from her mouth. 
Even before she told him what to do, she knew what he wanted. 
She opened her mouth wide, waiting for him to place his sloppy
cock within.  She quickly sucked his oozing rod into her mouth,
her tongue darting all over it, moving the foreskin back so she
could make sure it was clean, swallowing the salty ooze as soon
as she loosened it from his tool.  Once she was sure it was
clean, she just moved her tongue up and down its length, her
mouth gently massaging his tool.  She moaned to herself as Luan's
tongue moved up into her cunt. 

      God, that feels good, Cathy thought.  She could feel her
tongue darting in and out of her sore pussy, gently probing her
insides.  Luan's mouth sucked with all its force to clean the
jism and juice from her.

      "You like having Luan's tongue in you, huh.", Mike said to
her, more of a statement then question.

      Cathy nodded yes, and it was true.  The tongue in her pussy
was beginning to excite her again!  She felt Luan's tongue move
down to her ass.   The hot, wet, little spear pressed against her
rosebud until it wiggled inside, cleaning out her bung hole just
like her pussy.  After a few minutes she stopped, and Cathy
realized she had moved her head down to the floor to finish off
their Master's orders.

      "I'm done Master.", Luan said several minutes later, looking
up at her Master, hoping he would be pleased with her work.

      Mike removed his dick from Cathy's mouth and moved down
between her legs where Luan knelt waiting for him.  He inspected
her work for several minutes, feeling Cathy's pussy and ass,
checking for any fluid she may have missed.

      "Very good, Luan.  An excellent job.  See, you can do good,
when you want to.", said Mike.

      "Thank you Master.", Luan replied with joy, her cheeks
turning slightly red from his praise.

      Mike reached under the table again, and removed a large butt
plug that was hidden there.

      "Here, wet this good with your mouth.", he said to Luan as
he handed the plug to her.

      She quickly put the plug in her mouth, her tongue moving
over the uneven surface.  First she wet the skinny part by the
flat end, then moved up to the wider section at the other end. 
She worked on it for several minutes, coating it with a large
amount of her spit.  She had learned to always do a good job, you
never knew whose hole the Master would stick something in.

      "Ok, that's good Luan.", Mike said after a couple of
minutes, taking the rubber plug from her mouth.

      "I want you to go and get cleaned up.  Lets see, it's 9:30
now.  I want you cleaned and waiting for me in my bed with
something sexy on by 10:30.  Tell Linda and Melanie to get ready
for their nightly drug dose.  I'll be through here shortly and
then give it to them.", Mike told her.

      "Yes Master, I'll tell them right away and get ready for
you", Luan replied, a smile spreading across her face.  He must
really not be angry with me anymore, she thought.  After all,
this is normally Linda's night to sleep with him.

      "Ok, get out of here.", Mike told.  He watched as she walked
through the dungeon door, her butt swaying with her steps.

      Mike looked down at Cathy's spread pussy, her brownish
asshole just below it, still gleaming from the licking job Luan
had given it.

      He moved a finger down to her brown hole and pushed it in. 
It went in slowly, her flesh trying to turn outside in and follow
it inside.  He worked his finger into her ass slowly, then pushed
in a second.  A low moan escaped her lips when he began to work
the second finger inside her tight bung hole.  After a few more
strokes, he removed his fingers and put the large butt plug
against her tight opening.  He pushed, harder and harder, a loud
moan escaping from Cathy's lips as the tip of the butt plug moved
into her.  He kept shoving, until it was at its widest section,
three inches wide, with three inches inside her.  He looked at
Cathy's quivering chest and realized she must be crying.  Her
breath was coming in short, hoarse sobs, as he worked the plug up
and down her dark hole like a dildo.  Finally, he shoved it all
the way in and left it there, walking back to her head.

      Cathy heard her Master dismiss Luan, then felt his finger
probing her tight bung hole.  She had never had anything up her
ass before Luan's tongue, and she really didn't like the idea. 
But she bit her lip, the hope that she would get her drug fix
driving her on.  As the second finger worked it's way inside her,
she began to think this really wasn't so bad after all.  Then he
removed the fingers and she felt the cold rubber butt plug
against her dark hole.  At first she didn't know what it was, but
as the pressure increased, and the tip slipped into her tight
hole, trying to carry all of her flesh with it, she let out a
loud moan. 

      My God, she thought, that thing was to big, it would rip her
apart.  She felt it spreading her bung hole, until she was sure
she must be ripped in two.  It slowly moved out of her hole, and
she let out a big sigh of relief, sure her Master was through and






would not do this to her any more, only to feel it again press
back into her, trying to rip her into pieces.  Up into her and
back out it moved, grinding its way into her dark passage.  The
tears were rolling down her cheeks, her breath coming in quick,
jagged gasps.  Finally it moved even further into her, and her
bung hole closed around the narrow section, locking the plug deep
inside her ass.  She felt her Master let go of the plug, and she
strained to force it out.

      "You might as well stop straining, your not going to be able
move that plug.", he told her.

      Cathy was taken by surprise.  She had concentrated so much
on her pain, she never saw him walk back up to her head.

      "You've done excellent today Cathy.  So well in fact, I've
decided to give you the pleasure drug.  Most new slaves take at
least one day of adjustment before I let them have it, but you
have done quite well.", he told her.

      "Thank you Master, I really tried.", Cathy told him, more in
a cry than her actual voice.

      She looked up at him and saw he was holding a dropper with
some liquid in it.

      "Open wide, my new slave.", Mike told her.

      She opened her mouth, hoping this was not another trick.

      When the liquid hit her tongue, she knew it wasn't.  Her
mind exploded into a thousands orgasms, her body floating on
cloud nine, each of her nerve cells sending signals of joy and
ecstasy to her overloaded brain.  It seemed to last for hours to
her, yet when it was over and she opened her eyes, her Master had
not yet gotten the dropper back into the bottle.

      Mike reached down to Cathy's dildo gag, putting it back
inside her mouth, making sure it was secured tightly to her head. 
He reached under the stock just below her head, and pulled out a
board so she could rest her head without it hanging down.

      "10:00.  Well, Cathy, time for me to go to bed.  Have a good
night here.", Mike told her as he walked out of the room. 

      Cathy saw him walk toward the door.  The lights went out and
all she could see was the light from the open door.  This quickly
left as the door swung shut.  She heard the locks turning in the
door and her Master's footsteps going up the stairs.

      She was quite alone in total darkness.  She vaguely wondered
how she had got into this mess.  The thought soon passed, though. 
What mattered from now on was she must please her Master at all
times.  She wanted that pleasure drug, and never wanted to feel
the pain again.  As her mind worked on ways she might become a
better slave for her Master, she drifted off to sleep.  The
cramps in her legs not bothering her, as exhausted as she was.




                                  END

                               CHAPTER 2




                            CHAPTER 3
                         LUAN'S MORNING


     Mike awoke at the break of light the next morning.  Turning
to his nightstand, he looked at the radio alarm clock.  6:00 am.

     To damn early to get up on the weekend, he thought to
himself.  Oh well, Ted will be here in a half hour or so anyway. 
Might as well get up.  He moved back to his stomach, feeling
Luan's soft body next to his.  Then again, Ted could wait.

     Mike pulled the covers away from Luan's body, revealing her
smooth backside, firm ass, and slender legs to his eyes.  A dark
nylon body stocking covered her from neck to toes, with a small
opening for access to her pussy and asshole. 

     He rolled on top of Luan, his body pressing  her into the
soft mattress.  He rubbed his dick against the fabric over her
ass cheeks.  He reached beneath her, fondling her soft tits
through the nylon stocking.  His mouth pressed hotly against her
neck, sucking on the hot flesh as she moaned and writhed beneath
him.

     Lifting up his body, he rolled her over.  He lowered his
body back onto her soft flesh.  His hand moved her long, dark
hair from her face, her brown eyes locking onto his, as his mouth
covered hers.  His tongue danced inside her, playing tag with her
tongue as he darted it around her mouth.  His erection was
rubbing her cunt through the opening in the stocking, moving
against her wet pussy lips as she spread her legs wide, giving
him easy access to her womanhood.  His hands moved back to her
soft breasts, kneading them through the soft fabric until milk
began to slowly ooze from them, spreading through the nylon
stocking in circles from her tits.

     Mike felt Luan respond beneath him, her arms encircling his
body as his erect penis found the opening to her cunt.  As the
head disappeared inside her hot hole, he shoved forward, burying
his hard rod into her moist depths.  He heard her gasp and arch
her back when he slammed his tool into her.

     Mike put his hands under Luan's back, their bodies pressed
tightly together as his hips started a slow, rhythmic, fucking. 
His stiff penis moved up her moist channel, until it drove into
her uterus, then pulled back out.  He moved his hips again and
again as he fucked her hot cunt, their pubic hairs meshing
together at the end of each stroke.  The suction when he pulled
out of her made a loud slurping noise, exciting him as it mixed
with his panting and her moaning.

     Luan felt her warm milk slowly leak down the sides of her
body as her Master fucked into her pussy, her juices engulfing
his tool as it rammed her clit with each stroke.  His body
pressed her into the bed, smashing her tits against her body as
his pubic mound banged into hers with every stroke. 

     She moved her hips upward as best she could on his down
strokes, trying to bury his hot erection as far into herself as
she could.  Her vagina walls worked firmly on his manhood,
massaging his rod lovingly in its slick, vice like grip. With
each stroke she squeezed her pussy muscles, trying to milk the
cum from him.

     Mike rolled off of Luan onto his back, his breath coming in
short gasps as he lay on the firm mattress.

     "Get on top and fuck my dick," Mike ordered her.

     "Yes Master," Luan replied.

     Luan moved to her knees on the bed, quickly moving on top of
her Master, legs spread open wide over his manhood.  With a knee
resting on each side of his masculine body, she reached down to
guide his massive member into her wet depths.  Her hips moved
slowly downward, her pussy swallowing his rod in one smooth
motion.  Their groins pressed hotly against each other, sending
sparks from her love button to her pussy as it flooded with hot
juice, her excitement growing towards orgasm.

     Luan moaned to herself as she started to move up and down on
her Master's hard shaft, her body standing straight up from his
in a ninety degree angle.  Her hands pushed against her thighs as
she pumped her hips on his huge member.  She concentrated on
controlling the muscles in her pussy, stroking him gently with
each movement of her body.  She moved her hips in a quick rhythm
over his body, his 10" shaft disappearing into her soft cunt,
only to reappear a split second later, coated with her juice.

     She felt her Master's hands move back to her breasts as she
fucked herself on his staff.  His hands were kneading her soft
flesh roughly through the nylon fabric, making her milk flow even
faster from her enlarged nipples.  Her nipples squirted the milk
against the body stocking, running down her taught stomach until
it reached her cunt lips, mixing with her juice before running
onto her Master's shaft and onto the bed below them. 

     The sweet smell from her milk and the pungent aroma from her
fucking pussy wafted up to her nostrils, giving her an
intoxicated feeling as her orgasm built.

     God she's good, Mike thought as Luan moved her pussy over
his raging hard on, bringing him closer and closer to his
release.  He would cum soon he knew, her pussy massaging his
manhood with every stroke, her juice dripping down onto his body. 
His hands milked her breasts, sending a stream of her mothers
milk down her wildly fucking body, to finally come to rest on the
bed beneath them.

     "I'm Cumming Luan, don't stop!" Mike yelled at her.

     He could hold off no longer.  Grabbing her hips, he pumped
his cock deeply inside her, impaling her body on his rigid tool
as it started to spurt his scalding seed inside her.  He felt his
cock shoot spurt after spurt of cum into her depths.  Her pussy
flooded his tool with its juice as she climaxed at the same time,
her pussy spasms making his orgasm seem to last forever.  His
fingers held onto her gyrating hips, his body arching to shove
every last centimeter of his rod into her.  His cock eventually
stopped spitting his seed into her, and he relaxed back onto the
bed, her love nest still holding tightly onto his slowly
softening dick.

     Luan was on the verge of cumming as her Master slammed into
her the final time.  His hands roughly pulled her onto his
erupting cock, burying it deep within her womb.  Between the hot
fluid pouring inside her and his groin pressed hard against her
hot clit, the sensations were to much for her.  Her orgasm
exploded in her.  Her pussy contracted uncontrollably on the
flowing dick buried deep inside her, flushing her pussy with her
own hot cum.  Her hips struggled against her Master's strong
hands, unable to break his strong grip.  She ground her hips
downward, rubbing her clit against his pubic area, sending
lightening sparks up her cunt and throughout her body as it shook
in orgasm.  The orgasm rolled through her body for almost a
minute before it subside, leaving her weak and unable to catch
her breath.

     Mike felt Luan collapse on top of him after her orgasm.  He
reached up and removed the black hair that was covering his head. 
He listened as she worked to regain her breath, her head pressed
hotly against onto his chest.  Her wet tits were smashed onto his
chest from her weight, the milk still slowly leaking out and down
his body to the bed below.  He could feel her pussy still
quivering against his now soft penis, there juices flowing past
it onto his pubic hair and finally the bed. 

     Mike reached up and took Luan's head in his hands, moving it
to his lips.  He pressed his mouth to hers, his tongue searching
for hers, and playing with it. 

     They kissed for several minutes, Mike beginning to play with
the idea of fucking her again when there was a soft knock at the
door.

     "Come in," Mike yelled at the door.

     Linda opened the door, her long blond hair contrasting
nicely against the two piece black G string bikini she wore this
morning.

     "I hope I didn't disturb you Master?" Linda asked, a little
fear in her voice.

     "No.  What do you want?" Mike responded.

     "Ted is here Master, at 6:30 like you ordered him," Linda
answered.

     She was glad her Master wasn't angry with her.  He sometimes
woke up mad, even when he had told them to wake him.  And he
never liked to be disturbed when he was fucking.  She had heard
their love making while she was outside the door and had waited
for fifteen minutes after she thought they were done before
knocking to be sure it was safe.

     Mike looked at his watch.  7:00.

     "Ok, tell him to wait for half an hour, then come up here
with his reports and some coffee. 

     "Me and Luan are going to take a shower now," Mike told her.

     "Yes Master," Linda responded, quickly leaving the room and
closing the door behind her.

     Mike pushed Luan off his body, his wilted penis slipping out
of her wet pussy as she moved to his side.

     "Come on Luan," Mike told her, "time to get up and take a
shower.  I need a washer."

     Mike maneuvered his body off the bed, walking to his
connected bathroom.

     Luan raised herself off the bed, her legs a still a little
shaky from their screwing.  She removed the body stocking from
herself, the wet fabric sliding coolly over her flesh.

     Her Master was brushing his teeth as Luan entered the
bathroom.  Not stopping, she walked over to the shower.  Turning
on the water, she waited for him to join her.

     Luan stood back slightly in the spacious shower as her
Master entered.  She waited until he had soaked his body before
she reached toward him with a washcloth and soap.

     Luan poured some shampoo into her Master's hair, scrubbing
his scalp under the flowing water.  Moving to the top of his
back, she worked the cloth into a soapy froth as she rubbed his
hard body.  Her hands wandered down to his ass, the cloth moving
over his flesh in brisk strokes.

     Her Master turned around, allowing her to scrub his face and
neck.  Shifting her attention downward, she moved her cloth to
his hairy chest, cleaning her own congealed milk off of him. 
Next, she went to her Master's groin, washing his soft penis
tenderly.  Her hands gently rubbed his testicles, the soap
removing the residue of their fucking.  Going to her knees, she
washed his thighs and legs. 

     While she soaped her Master's feet, his soft dick was
directly in front of her face.  She gently kissed the head,
tasting the unrinsed soap that covered it.

     "Take the head of my dick into your mouth Luan, I have to
pee," Mike ordered her.

     Luan quickly moved her mouth over the soapy head.  Almost
immediately, her mouth was flooded with his hot urine.  It tasted
a lot like the warm salt water rinses she used to gargle with as
a child, but much stronger.  It had a pungent after effect that
she wasn't sure was tasted or smelled.  She swallowed as much of
his salty waste as she could, the hard stream striking the back
of her mouth and then shooting forward.  What she couldn't gulp
down spilled out of her mouth in a torrent, down her wet body,
disappearing in the shower drain.  She left her Master's rod in
her mouth for a minute after his piss stopped, cleaning the tip
with her tongue before washing it again with her cloth.

     Mike let loose of his pee as soon as Luan's mouth covered
the head of his dick.  His urine gushed forcibly into her oral
cavity, a huge quantity stored up from the previous night.  He
looked down, seeing her mouth gulp in desperation as she tried to
catch all of his fluid before it rushed out of her mouth and down
the shower drain.  His piss seemed to last forever, sending a
steady flow of his waste into his slaves eager mouth. 

     After he was through emptying his bladder into Luan's mouth,
he rinsed himself off and stepped out of the shower.

     "I feel nice this morning slave.  You can finish cleaning up
in my bathroom this morning, just don't be all day," Mike told
her.

     "Thank you Master, I'll be very quick," Luan replied.

     While Mike toweled himself off, Luan moved to the sink to
start her daily cleaning.  After brushing her teeth, she reached
into the cabinet below the sink, bring out her douche bag. 
Taking it with her back to the shower, she cleaned herself
thoroughly, making sure all her holes were squeaky clean and well
lubricated.

     As Mike walked back into his large bedroom, he saw Ted
Crawford sitting at his table by the window with two cups of
coffee and a pot of the same before him.  Melanie was tearing
down his bed, fresh sheets resting on his cabinet.  She was
wearing a tight red halter top, her 34 C tits and nipples
stretching the fabric from her chest.  Her bottom was covered by
tight gold exercise leotards, stretching across her firm ass down
to her ankles.  The outfit contrasted well with her dark black
skin, her  afro braided tightly in the back.

     Mike thought about Ted.  He was the only person addicted to
the drug triloxakin that Mike didn't order to call him master. 
Of course, Ted had taken the drug on his own, and then given the
secret to Mike.

     Two years ago, Ted had worked at the Matabin Drug company in
the research and development division.  He was actually the
person who invented triloxakin.  Ted had been so sure the drug
would work, that after just 2 days of laboratory testing on
animals, he had used himself as the first and only human  guinea
pig.  When he came in the third day, and saw his animals in a
coma, he had gone into panic.

     As the pain spasms started in his body, he knew he was in
trouble.  He worked feverously on an antidote, but the constant
desire for the drug made it impossible for him to concentrate. 
Afraid the company would use the drug to enslave the human race,
he had left, destroying all computer records and company notes
with him.

     He had gone to Mike, an old friend and molecular chemistry
student at Los Angeles university.  He told Mike his story,
giving him his notes, begging him to produce the drug for him and
find a cure.  The drug had worked its psychological effects on
Ted's brain, making it almost impossible for him to deal with the
thought of not having the drug again, and unable to help Mike
reproduce the drug.

     Mike was actually glad when, after three days, Ted went into
his pain coma so Mike could work undisturbed on copying the drugs
structure. 

     Thank God Ted had taken good notes before he had taken the
drug, or Mike would never had reproduced it.

     Four days after Ted had gone into his pain coma, Mike was
able to produce a batch of the drug.  He had given him the
triloxakin, quite surprised by how fast he came out of the coma.

     The next few months was a learning process for both of them,
especially Mike.  He discovered the two other drugs, hoping they
would remove the addiction to Ted, but both were failures from
that stand point.  He found Ted was almost completely
psychologically dependent on him, his two days of coma removing
all of his will when Mike asked him to do anything.  He was just
as bright, and just as outspoken with other people, but found
himself emotionally dependent on Mike.

     Mike had decided to use the drug to his own advantage.  He
had given it to Terri, a cute short haired blond living in the
apartment next to his.  Through experiments with her and several
other pretty women, he discovered the best way to quickly produce
a slave.  It was simple, let them have a good dose of the pain
coma right from the start, and they all became emotionally
dependent on him as their supplier, eager to do anything at all
to please him.

     He had spread out slowly, starting a high class escort
service in LA with twelve of his girls.  He didn't earn that much
money from their hooking, but got a great deal from the clients
afterward, mostly high power politicians who didn't want their
pictures smeared across the front page of the paper in very
compromising positions.

     He now had services in New York, Washington, DC, Chicago,
Miami, San Francisco, and Dallas, plus had managed to get a few
top executives from several fortune 500 companies, including the
entire board of directors from Matabin Drugs (he thought that was
only fair to Ted).  And of course, the prettiest he kept at home
for himself.

     Mike grabbed the jockey shorts and cut offs Melanie had laid
out for him, putting them on before he sat down next to Ted and
took a sip of hot coffee.

     "Good morning Ted," Mike greeted Ted.

     "Morning Boss, have a good time?" Ted grinned at him, eying
Luan in the bathroom.

     "Pretty good, as a matter of fact.  So, what's new Ted?  Why
this important meeting on a Saturday?" Mike asked him, his gaze
resting on the coastline stretched out below him.

     "Take a look at these," Ted told him, passing two personnel
folders to Mike.

     Mike opened the first one and looked inside.  He saw a
picture of a large blond woman, dressed in a black leather
corset, and hip high spike heel boots, a cat-o-nine tails whip in
one hand, a spiked paddle in the other.  Her hair stretched to
just below her shoulders.  He read the bio data on her.  Mistress
Donna, 32 years old, 6' even, 150 pounds, 38-30-36, address; 2345
J Street, apt 15, New York, New York. 

     Big girl, Mike thought.

     Closing the first folder, he looked into the second.  He
found a picture of a young oriental girl with long black hair. 
Looking down to the bio data he read; Sung Lee Kim, originally
from Singapore, 18 years old, 5'2", 105 pounds, 34-22-34,
address; 56890 Hemlock Avenue, New York, New York.

     Closing the folders, he looked over at Ted.

     "If Terri wants to make these girl slaves, I really don't
think we need anymore at this time Ted, especially in New York,"
Mike told him.

     "I agree Mike, but the decision was already made.  Terri
made them both slaves five days ago.  I just found out yesterday
from Becky in Washington.  Evidently Terri had faxed this data to
her, bragging about them.  She immediately forwarded them to me,"
Ted responded to Mike.

     Mike shook his head slowly.

     "That stupid fucking bitch!" Mike yelled out.  "What in the
fuck does she think she's doing?!"

     "I think she's just trying to impress you Mike, I don't
think she's honestly trying to usurp you," Ted said, trying to
calm Mike.

     "That's beside the point Ted.  The one major rule we have
here is that I and only I have the authority to give the drug
out.  This is the second time Terri has pulled this bullshit. 
It's time to reign her in.  Who do we have here in L A that can
take over in New York?" Mike asked Ted, the anger beginning to
dissipate from him.

     "I think Colleen would be a good choice, Mike.  She's smart,
a business school graduate.  She should do fine," Ted replied to
Mike.

     "Ok, have my jet ready to leave Oxnard for New York by 10:00
am, that will give her two hours to get packed and get here. 
Make reservations for me at the Hiat in New York.  Tell Terri to
be there waiting for me," Mike instructed Ted.

     Ted reached out for the phone on the table, dialing the
numbers from memory, to put Mike's instructions into action.

     Mike looked over at Melanie, who was just finishing cleaning
up his room.

     "Melanie, pack me a suit case.  Enough clean clothes in it
to last three or four days.   I shouldn't be gone that long, but
I may," he instructed her.

     "Yes Master," she replied, quickly going to his closet and
getting a suitcase, starting to pack.

     As she was packing, Luan walked out of the bathroom, her
naked flesh glowing from the hot shower and scrubbing she had
given herself.

     "Luan, go tell Linda to come up here," Mike ordered her.

     "Yes Master," Luan answered, leaving the room to find Linda.

     "All set Mike," Ted said, hanging up from his last phone
call, "Colleen will be at the jet by 9:30, ready to go.  You're
booked for the penthouse sweet at the Hiat, and Terri will be
there waiting for you.  She sounded awful scared when I talked to
her Mike."

     "She should be.  I am not at all amused by this little stunt
of hers," Mike said.

     "You wanted me Master," Linda asked as she walked into the
room, still wearing her black two piece bikini.

     "Yes, we are going to New York for a day or two.  Go pack
yourself some clothes, enough for three or four days.  Be ready
to go in one hour," Mike ordered her, "and tell Luan to come back
here."

     "Yes Master, thank you very much," Linda replied, a large
smile spreading across her face.  She loved to get out of town
alone with her Master.

     After a few minutes, Luan walked back into the room, still
naked, kneeling in front of Mike.

     "You wanted me Master," Luan asked, her head bowed to him.

     "Yes Luan.  I think Ted here is horny.  Give him a blow
job," Mike ordered her.

     "Yes Master Luan replied, scooting over to Ted on her knees,
her head moving down between his legs.

     "Thanks Mike," Ted said.

     Mike walked over to the bed and sat down just as Melanie
finished packing his suitcase.

     "Melanie, I left Cathy tied up down in the basement.  While
I'm gone, I want you and Luan to keep working on her for me,
understand?" Mike asked her.

     "Yes Master," Melanie replied to him.

     "Go through the house schedule and explain to her what is
expected of her," Mike instructed her, "You can start her
bisexual training and her toilet training.  She is to go to work
Monday morning.  Make sure she is not late.  You'll be in charge
while I'm away.  I'll leave a four day supply of drugs for you. 
It's your discretion on whether you give her the pleasure drug or
not.  Luan's been very good so far this morning, so unless she
totally screws up, she can have hers.  Any questions?"

     "No Master," Melanie answered him.

     "Good, now go downstairs and untie our new slave.  Bring her
back up here, but don't enter the room until Luan leaves.  You
can use your time explaining the way things work around here to
her," he told her.

     "Yes Master, I will," Melanie responded to him.

     She left the room quietly, going down stairs to untie her
new sister in slavery.

     Mike reached over to the fresh clothes Melanie had left for
him.  A pair of blue jeans and a comfortable shirt plus tennis
shoes completed his wardrobe for the trip.  No reason to be
sitting in tight clothes for a five hour flight, he thought as he
slipped into them.

     Mike looked over at Ted and Luan as he sipped his coffee on
the bed.  He watched her head move up and down on his hard cock,
her arms encircling his waste to draw him closer to her.

     Luan moved over to Ted as her Master ordered her.  Reaching
out with both her hands, she quickly undid his belt and pants. 
She pulled his pants and boxers down his muscular legs until they
were around his ankles.  Bending her head down, she sucked his
semi erect tool into her moist mouth, her nostrils filling with
the pungent aroma from his groin.

     She moved her tongue around the base of his penis, the salty
taste exciting her as it moved further into her eager mouth.  It
began to grow from the attention of her expert mouth and tongue
until it was fully erect, sliding easily into her throat with
each thrust of her head.  It wasn't as long as Mike's, about 8"
she judged, but it was still a mouthful.

     She let the hot tool leave her mouth, her tongue running
along its length from the tip to the base.  She was mouthing the
side of his rod, her lips wrapped halfway around it as she move
her head downward.  At the base of his tool, she worked her
tongue into his pubic hair, going until she reached his hairy
scrotum sack.  She gently sucked on his balls, listening to Ted
moan with pleasure from her action.  His pubic hairs tickled her
nose, making her want to sneeze.  She massaged his testicles for
a few minutes before moving her head back to the top of his hot
erection.  She sucked the head into her hot mouth, moving her
lips along its length until the entire tool was again buried deep
in her throat.

     While she lovingly moved her mouth over Ted's manhood, she
felt him start to hump his hips into her mouth, his soft moans
telling her his orgasm was approaching quickly.

     She felt him tense, his cock expanding inside her mouth as
it began to pump its salty seed into her eagerly sucking mouth,
shooting against the back of her throat. 

     Her mouth moved backward, opening as wide as she could when
he started to shoot his load.  She laid the head of his dick on
the top of her tongue, giving her Master as good a view as she
could as he shot his hot jism into her.  One hand reached up to
gently massage his balls, trying to squeeze every once of his
seed into her mouth.  Her other hand moved to his shooting rod,
steadying it so all the spurts of cum landed on her tongue and
rolled back into her throat where she sucked it down like it was
water from the fountain of youth. 

     When his penis had stopped pumping his hot jism into her,
Luan closed her mouth back over his softening tool, her tongue
darting into his pee hole to clean out as much of his nectar as
she could.

     "Whew, that was great Luan," Ted told her, picking her up
and planting a wet kiss on her lips, his hands squeezing her tits
when they were within reach.

     "Thank you Ted," Luan replied, looking over at her Master. 

     "Was it ok Master?" she asked him.

     "If Ted said it was great, it must be.  You know he doesn't
lie.  You better go now Luan, if the others are out there, send
them in," Mike instructed her.

     "Yes Master," she said, "have a nice trip.  I'll miss you."

     As soon as she left, Melanie and a naked Cathy walked into
his room.

     "I'm going away for a few days Cathy.  While I'm gone, you
will obey Melanie and Luan just like you would me.  Understand?"
he asked her.

     "Yes Master.  I will do whatever they order me to do.  I
will try to be a good slave," Cathy answered him.

     He noted with satisfaction that she had moved to her knees
as soon as she entered the room.  He knew her muscles must still
be terribly cramped from her night bound to the stocks and any
movement very painful to her. 

     Yeah, he wasn't going to have any trouble training this one. 
Not like that stupid Terri.

     "Good, now take my bag downstairs to the door and then wait
for Melanie.  She'll be right there to continue your training,"
Mike ordered her.

     "Yes Master," Cathy answered him.

     She got up off her knees and picked his suitcase off the
bed, carrying it in front of her as she left. 

     Mike followed her bouncing ass cheeks as she walked out the
door. 

     Nice ass, Mike thought.

     "Melanie, in case of an emergency either get a hold of Ted
or myself, preferably Ted first.  This trip shouldn't take to
long," he told her.

     "Yes Master, I'm sure everything will be ok while you are
away," Melanie answered him from her knees.

     "Here," he said, handing her a small vial with about fifteen
drops of liquid in it, "this will last you four days.  You have
plenty of pain drug if you need to punish anyone."

     "Lets go get Linda Ted and you can drive me to the airport. 
It's 9:00 now, maybe we can get an early start," Mike ordered
him.

     "Ok Mike," Ted replied.

     Mike left his bedroom and walked over to the slaves room and
opened the door.  He looked inside and spotted Linda just closing
her suitcase.

     "Are you ready yet?" he asked her, eying her in the clothes
she had chosen to wear.

     He had given all his slaves orders to dress sexily around
him, but somehow Linda always seemed to outdo everyone else.  She
was wearing a dark blue spandex top, the material clinging to her
upper body, her breasts pushing the soft fabric away from her
body, the outline from her nipples quite evident in the fabric. 
Her legs and ass were covered by a pair of white slacks.  They
clung to her buttocks and thighs tightly, then slowly spread
wider along her legs, flaring out loosely at the bottom.  Her
golden hair hung neatly down her back, her ears adorned by a
small pair of gold earrings.

     "Yes Master," she answered with a smile, "I'm all backed and
ready to leave."

     "Good, lets get out of here then," he said.

     They walked out to the front of the house, Ted stopping to
grab Mike's luggage and throw it in the trunk of the Cadillac he
was driving.

     Mike and Linda climbed into the back seat, sinking into the
soft leather.  Linda snuggled herself against Mike' body, pushing
her breasts into his arm as she clung to him.  Ted climbed
silently into the front seat and drove them out of the yard.

     9:10, Mike thought.  With any luck they would be at the
airport by 9:30 and in the air by 9:45.

     And then he could think about what to do with Terri!





                                 END

                            CHAPTER THREE
                            LUAN'S MORNING




                         * * * * * * * *
                           DRUG  SLAVES
                            By Don CA
                         FLIGHT TO NEW YORK

   Mike stepped out of the car almost before Ted had brought it to
a full stop, holding the door while Linda stepped out, a little off
balanced from her high heels. Beside the jets open hatch he saw
Colleen standing next to the copilot, waiting for them.

   "Get the baggage and wait for me in the plane with Linda," Mike
instructed her as Ted popped the trunk latch from inside the cab.

   "Yes Mr. Brannigon," Linda answered him, remembering to use his
proper name when out in public.

   "I should be back by Sunday night late, or Monday, hopefully,"
Mike was telling him.

   "Just give me a call when you know for sure, Mike, and I'll have
the jet waiting for you," Ted returned.

   "Right. As long as Terri hasn't messed up to much, I'll just
stay long enough to make sure Colleen has it all under control and
then split back here with Terri," Mike told him.

   "See ya later Ted," Mike said as he walked to the open hatch.

   "Have a good flight," Ted yelled as he drove the Caddie away
from the plane.

   "Glad to have you with us, Mr. Brannigon," the copilot greeted
him as he walked up, having just finished stowing their luggage.

   "We're all ready to go, sir. About a 5 hour flight today," he
told Mike.

   "Ok, don't disturb us until we arrive", Mike told him.

   "Of course sir," the copilot replied as he latched the cabin
door shut. This was normal for this guy, he didn't ever want to be
disturbed. He and the pilot always stayed in the cockpit during the
flight. He thought it was silly, but he also knew Brannigon was
some big stockholder in Matabin, with a lot of pull. Sometimes it
seemed the jet was owned by him, and not the drug company, the way
they scheduled it around Mike and not the executives. He quickly
walked past his passengers into the cockpit, closing the door
behind him.

   Mike looked around the compartment, taking in the familiar view.
There were six gray leather chairs on one side of the jet, with six
on the other side, each facing each other in a club seating
arrangement. In the center aisle were several small holes in the
floor where a small conference table could be set up. The chairs
swiveled on their base, so they could face forward during takeoffs
and landings. Between the first row of seats and the cockpit door
was a small bar area, with bottled drinks in a refrigerator. Behind
the last row was a small fold out desk and a stored typewriter. At
the very back was a lavatory.

   Mike studied Colleen while the jet taxied out to the runway. She
was sitting directly across from him, her chair facing his. He was
glad to see she had remembered his orders to always wear sexy
clothes around him. Her green eyes looked at him as he studied her,
a wry smile spreading across her delicate face.

   She had a tight, shiny, long sleeved silver body suit on.  It
appeared to be made from either silk or a silk like fabric, 
encasing her ample 36" bust tightly. A nipple's outline protruded
from the soft material, her other one hidden by her long auburn
hair as it lay across her shoulder, falling almost to her waist.
The fabric continued to hug her body, squeezing her 26" waist, the
stretch band making a line across her lower stomach. Her pussy was
tightly sealed in the suit, the material pulling in underneath her,
enclosing her hips and protruding ass. From her enclosed groin, the
body suit hugged her thighs and legs firmly until it reached her
ankles. A pair of slim silver slippers adorned her feet, completing
the outfit.

   A loud bell chimed in the cabin over the whine of the jet 
engines. Mike looked up, seeing the "Please Fasten Your Seatbelts,
and Lock Your Seats in an Upright and Forward Position" warning
light on.

   They all did so as the Captain's voice boomed over the 
loudspeaker, repeating the message to them as the jet accelerated
down the runway.

   Mike felt and heard the landing gear raise beneath him as the
jet raced upward toward the distance clouds, some 35,000 feet above
them.

   After a few minutes, the plane lowered its nose slightly, still
climbing upward, and the warning light blinked out.

   Mike swiveled his seat so he was facing Colleen again.

   "I'm thirsty, Colleen, get me a beer," he ordered her.

   "Yes Master," Colleen responded to him, unhooking her seat belt
and going quickly to the front bar area.

   "I know you brought some toys with you," Mike said, turning to
face Linda. "As soon as she returns, I want you to put on a show
for me with her. Put her through her paces."

   "Yes Master," Linda said.

   She reached under her seat, grabbing the large purse she had
brought on board with her. Opening it, she removed an 8" strap on
dildo, several lengths of rope, some leather bondage straps, and a
full leather hood with gag.

   Linda watched Colleen hand Mike his beer. Before she could sit
back down, Linda reached out with her hand, grabbing her chin and
turning her head to face her.

   "The Master wants a show. You will do as I say," Linda told her.

   "Yes Mistress," Colleen replied, her eyes lowering as Linda
gently held her head.

   Linda's other hand reached up, her fingers seeking the soft
outline of Colleens breasts through her jumpsuit. Her mouth moved
to Colleen's, her lips parting as her tongue darted into her oral
cavity, seeking her tongue.

   Linda let go of Colleen's chin and moved it to her other breast,
both hands now working the firm flesh under her clothes. She
roughly pulled at the nipples through the jumpsuit, pinching the
tops, forcing Colleen to moan into her open mouth.

   Her hands moved to Colleen's back as her tongue continued to
push inside her mouth. She found the zipper to Colleen's jumpsuit.
With one swift motion, she unzipped the suit to the bottom of her
firm ass.

   Linda stood back, pulling the tight fabric over Colleen's 
shoulders and down her taut body, exposing her breasts and pussy
slowly, as the silver cloth moved downward.

   "Kick off your shoes and step out of your bodysuit," Linda 
ordered her.

   "Yes Mistress," Colleen replied as she quickly did as she was
told.

   Linda studied Colleen's naked body in front of her, swaying
slightly from the motion of the jet. Her right hand reached back to
her breasts, as her mouth again locked onto her red lips, smearing
her lipstick over both of them. Her left hand moved down to her
pussy, the fingers slipping inside of Colleen's already dripping
cunt.

   When Linda's hand moved down to her cunt, Colleen quickly spread
her legs, giving her easy access to her moist womanhood. She wanted
to feel Linda's fingers inside her, her mouth and other hand having
already started the juices flowing.

   "Turn around and put your hands behind your back," Linda 
instructed her as she reached for the rope sitting in the chair.

   "Yes Mistress," Colleen said to Linda.

   As she turned around, she felt Linda grabbing her hands, 
solidly binding them behind her back with the rope an leather
straps. After her wrists were bound, she felt her move up to just
above her elbows, the rope pulling her arms in firmly, so her
elbows almost touched behind her back.

   She stood there for several minutes, hearing Linda doing 
something behind her, but not sure what.

   "Turn around and kneel," Linda ordered her.

   As she moved to obey, she saw Linda had been busy removing her
clothes, and now stood before her kneeling body totally naked, her
breasts pointing straight out from her chest.

   Linda reached out to Colleen's long auburn hair, grabbing a
handful of it and pulling her head back.

   "Ok, bitch, lets see how good you are at using your tongue. Eat
my pussy," Linda instructed her as she moved her body up to
Colleen's face, her legs spreading to allow Colleen's mouth to
slide under her pussy.

   Colleen smelled the strong odor of Linda's pussy as she moved
over her face, the pubic hairs tickling her nose. She stuck her
tongue out, lapping at her pussy lips, moving it up and down her
wet slash. She gently tongued her clit, her mouth closing around
the little bud as she sucked on it and moved her tongue across its
sensitive surface. Moving back down the gash, she pushed her tongue
into Linda's hot hole, greedily sucking as much of her love juice
into her mouth as she could, before moving back up to her clit.

   Linda felt Colleen's tongue start to work on her love box.  She
moaned to herself as it worked on her clit, gently sliding along
the length of her love nest, to bury itself as far as it could
reach up her cunt. She grabbed harder on Colleen's hair, trying to
force as much of her mouth into her pussy as she could, not really
caring if she could breath or not. She loved this part of being
Mike's slave, to be put in control of the other girls, able to make
them do whatever she wanted them to.  To please her in any way she
could think of, and she could think of quite a few!

   "Ohhhhhhhhh, that's good. Lick faster bitch," Linda ordered her
captive slave.

   Colleen sped up her pace, her tongue pressing deep into Linda's
hot orifice, her mouth making a tight seal against her hole,
sucking out her pussy juice, drinking it quickly down her gulping
throat. Her tongue moved back up to her clit, darting over the
sensitive knob.

   She felt Linda press her head even harder into her cunt, her
groaning now almost a continuous moan escaping her lips.

   "Keep licking slave, I'm almost ready to cum!" Linda ordered
her.

   The orgasm was racing toward Linda at breakneck speed, Colleen's
talented tongue bringing her closer and closer with each flick.

   "Yes, yes! I'm Cumming!", Linda yelled to Colleen, her breath
coming in rapid gasps. Her hands pulled her head tightly against
her cunt as the orgasm wracked her body, the spasms shaking her
body.

   Colleen pushed her tongue deep inside Linda's cunt as she heard
her yell, her upper lip massaging her love button as her tongue
worked inside her moist hole. As the orgasm shook Linda, Colleen
pushed her head hard against her pussy, her tongue trapped inside
her spasming cunt, lapping at her salty fluid.

                         * * * * * * * *
                           CHAPTER 4B
                        FLIGHT TO NEW YORK

   Linda held Colleen's head against her pussy after her orgasm
subsided, enjoying the feel of her tongue moving around inside her.

   "That's right Bitch, lick it clean, don't miss a drop, and don't
stop till I tell you to", she said to her in a gasping voice. She
pulled Colleen's hair even harder, forcing her nose into her pubic
mound until it bent sideways.

   Colleen worked her tongue gently around Linda's wet cunt, 
lapping up into her as far as she could, draining her hole of all
its pungent fluid even though she could barely breath with Linda's
vice like grip on her hair.

   After a few minutes, Linda pulled up on her head, bring
Colleen's mouth even with her tits.

   "Suck them", she ordered her as she let go of her hair and 
reached down to grab Colleen's own breast.

   Colleen moved her mouth over the right nipple, taking as much of
it and the soft breast into her mouth. She felt Linda grab her own
breasts, roughly squeezing the 36 D's in her grip. Her tongue had
worked Linda's nipple into a mini erection, the aureole swelling
and the nipple standing straight out from her chest. She moved her
mouth over to the other breast, tasting her salty sweat as it
engulfed the soft orb.

   Linda continued to knead Colleen's breasts roughly, squeezing
them one second, then pulling hard at the nipples.  She could hear
soft, muffled moans from Colleen whenever she pulled really hard on
the nipples. So she pulled hard often.

   "That's enough, slave ", Linda told her as she moved slightly
back from her. 

   "Stand up straight, I have something for you", Linda ordered as
she reached behind her grabbing a leather hood that had been in her
hand bag.

   "Yes Mistress", Colleen replied. Her arms were beginning to
hurt, being tied so far back behind her. She stood as straight as
she could in the jet, her cum smeared face looking toward Linda and
the hood that she held.

   Linda pulled the hood over Colleen's face, tightening it with
leather straps. She left the attached dildo gag loose for the
moment, she had other plans for that mouth.

   "Kneel slave", she ordered her.

   Linda watched Colleen move to her knees as she fastened the 8"
strap on dildo to herself. She moved forward, so that the dildo was
just inches from her mouth.

   "Open your mouth Bitch, and suck me like a man", she ordered as
she shoved the head of the dildo against her lips.

   Colleen opened her mouth when she felt the dildo push against
her lips. Her tongue eagerly began to work on the rubber member
like it was the real thing. She moved her mouth down its length,
swallowing the entire thing into her massaging throat. She began a
slow in and out motion with her head, taking the length into her
throat till her nose pushed against the leather strap holding the
dildo to Linda's pubic region.

   Linda let Colleen continue her sucking for several minutes,
letting her coat the dildo with a slippery film of spit, before
pulling back from her. She reached out to the kneeling girl,
putting the attached gag into her mouth and securing it tightly.

   "Lie on your back and spread you legs", she ordered her after
the gag was secured. 

   Colleen quickly laid back onto the jet's floor, bending her
knees and spreading her legs wide in the process. She was now lying
on the floor, totally naked, blind and exposed, her tied arms
pushing into her back as she waited for Linda to fuck her with the
dildo.

   Linda wasted no time. She quickly moved between Colleens spread
legs, her mouth moving to one of her reddened tits. She took the
soft flesh into her mouth, biting hard on the nipple.  She enjoyed
the muffled cry of pain from Colleen's gagged mouth as she worked
her teeth roughly over the already abused mound.  Her hand moved
down to Colleen's wet cunt, guiding the dildo into her female
cavity. She removed her mouth from her nipple and replaced it with
her hands, one on each breast. Holding Colleen's breast for
support, she thrust her hips forward as hard as she could, burying
the entire length of the dildo into Colleen's pussy with one shove.
Linda smiled to herself when she heard the muffled scream beneath
her.

   The pain was almost unbearable for Colleen. She honestly thought
she might pass out when Linda grabbed her poor tits and shoved the
huge dildo into her all in one stroke. The gag in her mouth halted
the scream of pain that tore up from her throat. As she lay beneath
Linda, she felt the dildo begin to slowly withdraw from her tight
hole.

   Mercifully, the hands ceased their vise like grip of her 
tormented breasts, moving to her side as Linda started a slow in
and out fucking motion with the hard plastic penis. As the dildo
moved in and out of her hot love nest, Colleen caught herself
beginning to enjoy the fucking Linda was giving her now that she
wasn't being so rough. She began to arch her back and send her hips
up to meet Linda's thrust with each pump of her hips, now moaning
with pleasure beneath her masked face.

   "That's right Colleen, fuck that dildo hard girl", Linda said to
her as she moved the dildo in and out of the captive girls pussy.
She picked up her pace now, shoving into the helpless woman beneath
her as hard as she could. 

   With each stroke, she could feel Colleen thrust up her hips to
meet her, trying to suck the fake member back into her hole. Then
Linda would reverse her stroke, pushing the strap on dildo back
into her moist depths, spreading her pussy walls, shoving her ass
hard onto the jet's carpeting.

   Colleen's breath was coming in short, muffled gasps now as her
orgasms was approaching. Each shove of the plastic phallus into her
brought her that much closer, the rubber dildo holder smashing into
her love button with every down stroke. She slammed up at Linda
with each stroke now, her orgasm only seconds away, needing to feel
the climax rock through her.

   Linda pulled out of Colleen just before she came.  Colleen's
gagged cries of protest following the removed of the dildo from her
wet cunt.

   "Roll over, and on your knees Bitch", Linda barked at her. 
Grabbing her sides just below the ribcage, Linda spun Colleen onto
her knees.

   "Spread those knees apart", Linda ordered her as she shoved the
poor girls bruised tits into the rough carpet of the jet.

   Colleen felt Linda move behind her, dreading what she thought
Linda might due. She felt Linda slide the huge dildo up to her
cunt, pushing in slightly.

   Thank God, Colleen thought. She's not going to fuck my ass after
all. Then she felt the dildo leave her wet pussy, and move up to
her brown butt hole. It pressed against her rose bud, forcing
itself into her shit hole. Her sphincter muscle grudgingly opened
up to the relentless pressure of the fake penis as it buried itself
into her dark tunnel, shoving her intestines aside.

   "You have a tight ass Colleen, you need to be fucked more up it.
I'll help", Linda whispered to the helpless girl.

   "STOP!", she screamed against the gag filling her mouth.  She
tried to move away, but Linda held her solidly in place, lying over
her tied arms, pushing her face and chest into the carpet as she
began to fuck in and out of her tight crap hole.  It felt to
Colleen as if the dildo was tearing her inside out, trying to pull
the very guts out of her shit hole with each outward stroke, only
to have them shoved painfully back in as the plastic penis buried
itself back into her.

   As Linda fucked into her, Colleen felt Linda reach under her and
begin to rub her clit, starting the slow climb back to the orgasm
that she had been cheated out of earlier.

   The pain began to leave as Linda fucked her asshole with slow,
powerful thrusts of her hips. A warmth started to spread out over
her bottom, spreading to her excited clit that Linda was busily
massaging with her right hand.

   Colleen rocked backward toward the fake penis now, trying to
shove it further into her shit hole with each stroke, her bruised
tits rubbing the jet's carpet when she did. Her sphincter muscle
was now relaxed enough to allow easy movement of the plastic dick
in and out of her back door.

   Orgasm raced over Colleen, her knees coming together so tightly
Linda could not remove her hand from between her legs, or the dildo
buried deep into her ass. Muffled cries of joy gushed out through
Colleen's mouth as she pushed back against the dildo, feeling as if
sparks of pleasure were shooting from its tip as the climax raced
throughout her body.

   She must have passed out for moment, because Linda was no longer
on top of her and she didn't remember her getting off.

   "See how nice I am Colleen", Linda smiled at her, "I let you
cum. but now you've dirtied your toys and have to clean them".

   Colleen felt her head being lifted up and realized that Linda
was now standing in front of her. As she raised her head, she moved
to a kneeling position. The smell of shit and pussy juice began to
fill her nostrils as she felt Linda undoing the gag portion of the
hood she was wearing.

   When her mouth was free, she the plastic prick brush up against
her lips, a coating of slimy shit covering her lips.

   "Clean it with your mouth, slave", Linda ordered Colleen.

   Colleen moaned to herself, knowing she had no choice. If she
resisted, Linda would just force her, and then her Master would
really work her over!

   The smell of shit ascended to her nostrils as she opened her
mouth to take the putrid dildo into her mouth. The taste of her
bodily waste mixed with her pussy juice filled her mouth as she
slowly sucked the plastic penis into her oral cavity.  She worked
her tongue around the dildo, making sure all the ribs were clean as
she moved down its length. The head moved into her throat as she
worked down to the base, licking every inch to make sure she
removed all of her own shit and swallowed it. She let the dildo
fall from her mouth, moving her tongue to the rubber holder,
licking every part of it until it was as clean as the plastic penis
slapping her face.

   She sucked the fake dick back into her mouth, pretending to give
it a blow job after it was clean. She wasn't sure if Linda wanted
her to do this, but she figured if would give her more of a rest
until Linda thought of something else to do to her.

   "Colleen, lie on the floor and spread your legs", Mike ordered
her.

   Colleen started, she had almost forgotten her Master was there
watching her and Linda all this time. She quickly fell backward,
her tired arms, turning slightly blue from the ropes, pressing into
her already sore back.

   "Linda, put the gag back in her mouth and then get dressed for
New York. She can stay like that until we're almost to there. I'm
going to take a nap for a while. If I'm not awake when we are about
an hour out, go ahead and untie her so she can get dressed", Mike
instructed her.

   "Yes Master", Linda replied, bending over Colleen's body and
gazing at her tortured tits. A nice shade of spotted red and blue,
she thought as she reached up to the leather hood covering her face
and placed the gag securely in her waiting mouth.

   "And Colleen, if anything leaks out of you while your down
there, you will clean it with your mouth before we leave", Mike
told her.

   Linda quickly moved to the rear of the jet and put her clothes
back on. As she moved by her Master she saw he was already fast
asleep. Reaching out, she took his empty beer and threw it away
before settling into her own seat for the remainder of the flight.

   

   

   End Chapter 4




                                    DRUG SLAVES
                                        By
                                      Don CA

                                   Chapter 5A

                                 Cathy's Training        

        Cathy heard Melanie's footsteps coming up behind her as the   Cadilac
pulled away from the curb.  Tears were swelling up  behind her  hazel eyes as
she thought about her predicament.

        "Turn around slave", Melanie barked at her.  She eyed the  pretty  dark
hared girl as she slowly turned her naked body  toward her,  her nipples
standing straight out from the cool  mornings air.

        "You don't have to talk to me like that", Cathy told her.   "I'll  do
whatever you tell me to just like our Master ordered".

        The speed of the black girl surprised Cathy.  The hand  flashed up  from
her side, slapping her full force across her  cheek.  The  blow caught Cathy off
guard, sending her naked body  sprawling to the  cold concrete sidewalk.  An
angry red mark  noted the spot of  impact on her delicate face.

        "On your knees Bitch", Melanie ordered her as she reached  out  with
both her hands, grabbing handfuls of her hair and  pulling her  violently to her
knees.

        "You will address me as Mistress while you are in  training.",  Melanie
coolly told the kneeling girl as she pulled  her head back  painfully by her
hair to look into her eyes.    "Don't think because  our Master is gone you will
get off  easily.  If you are not well  trained when he comes back, I will  catch
the heat, not you.  And I  have no intention of being  punished for some stupid
white bitch!   Understood?"

        "Yes Mistress", Cathy replied in a hoarse voice as tears  flowed  down
the side of her face and dropped onto her breasts  before  hitting the ground in
front of her kneeling body.

        "Follow me", Melanie ordered her as she grabbed the leash   attached to
the collar around the girls neck.  She led her back  into the  house, stopping
in the middle of the living room.

        "Back to your knees slave", she told Cathy.

        This time Cathy quickly obeyed her Mistress.  Her knees  sank to  the
soft carpet as she waited for her next order.

        As Melanie walked around her kneeling subject, she kicked  off her 
shoes.

        "Lick my toes and feet slave", Melanie told her , stopping  in  front of
the kneeling girl.

        Cathy's mouth quickly bent down to  her Mistress's toes,  her  tongue
reaching out to lick  her big toe first, then moving  to the  next.  The salty
taste of sweat entered her mouth with  each lap of  her tongue as it worked its
way around and over  each of the black  girls toes.

        Melanie removed her red halter top as Cathy sucked and  licked at  each
of her toes.  Her nipples stood straight out,  hard and erect  as she tossed the
top aside.  Next she undid her  leotards, sliding  them down her slender legs
onto Cathy's  licking head.  She  quickly stepped back from her, kicking the 
garment away, then moved her  feet back to Cathy's licking mouth.

        "Lick and suck my nipples, slave", Melanie told her.  She  tugged  on
the leach,  pulling her head up toward her waiting  bosom.

        My God, Cathy thought.  I don't want to make love to this  woman.   But
I have no choice, if I want to keep my drug supply.   Her  mouth moved up
Melanie's taut body, her legs lifting her  face until  her mouth was against
Melanie's hard nipple. 

        She opened her  mouth, taking the hot nipple into her oral   cavity. 
She moved her tongue around the hard tip, making larger  and  larger circles as
she  sucked the mammary into her mouth.

        Cathy actually began to like the feel of the salty flesh in  her  mouth
as her talented tongue worked its way around the  ebony orb.   She felt
Melanie's hands on the back of her head,  pushing her  sucking mouth harder onto
the black orb.

        Melanie began to get turned on from her sucking mouth, the  tongue 
working her soft flesh with more skill then she thought  possible.   She moved
Cathy's head over to her other nipple,  enjoying the  feel of her roving tongue
on her hot tit.  She  reached down, taking  hold of Cathy's breasts with both
hands.   Her hands worked Cathy's  pliant flesh with gusto, her fingers  digging
deep into the girls  tits.  She squeezed the soft tits  with force, rubbing her
palms  roughly against the protruding  nipples. 

        Muffled moans escaped Cathy's mouth as it pressed tightly  against 
Melanie's tit.  The feel of Melanie's hands roughly  massaging her  breast was
beginning to turn her on.

        "Now, down to my cunt Bitch, and lick me good", Melanie  ordered  her. 
She let go of Cathy's breast and pulled the leash  downward,  forcing Cathy back
down to her knees.

        Cathy tilted her head slightly back as Melanie maneuvered  her  dripping
pussy over her waiting mouth.  The musky smell of  her  excited cunt engulfed
Cathy as her pubic hairs brushed her  nose.

        Cathy moved her tongue slowly into the wet hole of  Melanie's.   The
pungent taste of her love nest overwhelming the  taste buds  inside her sucking
mouth.  She worked her tongue up  into Melanie's open  gash, pushing inside her
as far as it could  go, then moved out,  licking along her labia until it found
her  excited clit.  She  sucked the entire clit area into her mouth,  working
her tongue around  the sensitive knob.  Melanie's moans  of pleasure told her
she was  doing a good job on her.  She  worked her mouth back and forth, from 
her cunt to her swollen  clit, drinking as much of her cunt juice  as she could
get into  her mouth.

        "Ohhhhhh yes, that's good", Melanie told her as Cathy  worked her 
tongue deep into her cunt and back out. 

        Damn, this girls good, Melanie thought as the tongue found  its  way to
her love button.  She pulled up on the leash, and at  the same  time let her
legs move further down, forcing Cathy's  sucking  mouth tightly against her
pubic area.  I'm going to cum  soon at this  rate, Melanie thought, as Cathy
continued to work  her eager tongue  into her cunt, pushing up into her wet
depths  with each thrust.

        "I'm cummmmmng!!!  Don't stop, don't stop",  Melanie cried  out as  she
pulled Cathy's face as hard as she could into her  dripping  cunt.

        The orgasm rocked through her, her clitoris sending waves  of  pleasure
through out her body as a pipeline orgasm engulfed  her.

        Cathy guided her tongue as deep into Melanie's wet hole as  she  could
when she heard Melanie cry out that she was cumming.   Her head  was jammed into
her pubic mound, her nose crushed  forcefully  against  her clit.  Melanie's
tight vaginal muscles  clamped down on  her wiggling tongue so powerfully she
could  only move the very tip.   She sucked hungrily at her cunt hole,  drawing
her cum juice past  her tongue into her waiting mouth.

        After several minutes, Melanie slowly relaxed her grip on  Cathy's  head
as the orgasm slowly subsided.  She felt Cathy  continue to  lick into her as
she relaxed, the feeling of her  tongue up her love  hole soothing her after her
violent climax.

        Cathy kept her tongue inside Melanie, licking up all the  juice  she
could as she knelt underneath her body.  She couldn't  believe  it, but she
actually liked the taste of Melanie's cum  juice as it  slid down her eager
throat.

        "That was very good slave.  You deserve a reward for that",   Melanie
told her as she backed away from the kneeling girl.   She looked  down at her,
and noticed her nipples were still  standing straight  out from her firm tits. 
Her Master was  right, she thought, she  was a natural slave, a natural slut.

        Cathy watched as Melanie walked over to an intercom on a  wall.   Her
emotions soared at the thought of a reward.  Surely  that meant  the pleasure
drug.  She felt her cunt begin to drip  at the thought  of it.

        "Luanne", Melanie spoke into the intercom, "bring Rolf down  to  the
dungeon please.  I need to reward Cathy!"

        "Yes Mistress", the box spoke back to her in Luanne's voice.

        Melanie walk over to her clothes, putting them on.  All the  time  she
stared at the kneeling Cathy and grinned in a way very   disturbing to Cathy. 
She wasn't sure what was about to happen,  but she  was now sure the pleasure
drug was out.

        "Come along Bitch", Melanie said to her as she grabbed her  leash.   She
led her back to the kitchen and down into the  basement  dungeon.

        Cathy followed her obediently down into the dungeon.   Melanie  stopped
her before a low, short, bench.

        "Lie down on this, stomach down", Melanie ordered her.

        Cathy did as she was told, feeling the cold metal press  into her  soft
flesh as she lied on the bench.  It was barely  big enough for  her body,
holding her maybe 1 1/2 feet above the  floor, with her  head sticking past one
end, and her ass  sticking out the other.

        Melanie grabbed several lengths of rope that were lying on  the  floor. 
Grabbing Cathy's right arm, she pulled it out at a  90 degree  angle from her
body.  She tied one end of the rope  tightly to  Cathy's wrist, the other end to
a ring in the floor.   She did the  same to her left arm, pulling tightly to get
the  slack out of the  rope, so Cathy's arms were stretched out from  her body
in both  directions with no slack to move.  She moved  down to her legs, doing
the  same thing, pulling her legs apart.  

        Cathy looked like she had been trying to do a split but had   missed the
floor and hit the bench instead.  Her legs were  already  beginning to cramp
from their stretched position.  As a  final touch,  Melanie looped a piece of
rope through a ring in  her neck collar,  pulling her head up and back. She
secured each  end of the rope to  either side of the bench, centering her head.

        Luanne entered the dungeon leading Rolf by his leash.  She  walked  over
to  Melanie, who was standing in front of the tied  Cathy.

        "Here is Rolf Mistress", Luanne said to her.  She handed  the  leash
holding the 75 lb. German Shepherd to Melanie.

        "No!  Not a dog!", screamed Cathy as she struggled  uselessly  against
the ropes tying her in place.

        "You can leave now Luanne", Melanie told her as she took  the  leash
from her hand.

        Melanie walked over to the struggling Cathy.  Her hand flew  out, 
striking a hard blow to the side of her face.

        "Quiet.  You will do as you are told, with whoever or  whatever", 
Melanie told the sobbing girl.

        Cathy tried to duck Melanie's hand, but the rope tied to  her  collar
kept her head in place.  All she did was manage to  choke  herself.

        She stared in dumb shock at the huge dog in front of her.   It  looked
liked a police dog, with  the light tan and dark fur  markings  of its breed. 
Looking under the dogs body, she saw  the head of  his canine penis poking out
from its fury sheath.

        "Rolf", Melanie spoke to the dog, "kiss Cathy's face".

        Melanie pointed toward Cathy for the dog, unhooking its  leash  from the
collar so it could move toward the defenseless  girl.

        Cathy moaned in despair  as she saw the huge dog move  toward her  head. 
She noticed he had opened his mouth as he  approached her.   He jumped up upon
reaching her face, his paws  digging into her  soft shoulders. She smelled his
strong canine  scent as his hot breath  panted into her face. Cathy kept her 
mouth closed as the dog  licked his rough tongue over her  sensitive lips.

        "Open your mouth and take his tongue", Melanie ordered the  girl.

        Cathy slowly opened her mouth, her tears mixing with the  slobber  of
the licking dog as Rolf continued to lick at her  lips.  Her  mouth now open,
Rolf moved his  tongue into her, his  hot breath  panting into her nostrils. 
The dogs tongue moved  around inside her  mouth, its rough sides scraping her
saliva  from her, replacing it  with its own.  His tongue lapped into  her
mouth, his cold nose  pressed into her nose. 

        God, his paws need to be clipped, she thought as the huge  dog  kept
licking into her open mouth.  The claws dug into her  soft  shoulders, sending
stabs of pain down her tightly  stretched arms.

        "Rolf, lick her cunt", Melanie ordered the German Shepherd.

        Cathy felt the dog remove his front paws from her shoulders  and 
watched him as far as she could as he walked around to her  rear.

        Rolf moved around the prone girl, moving in behind her as  he had  been
trained to do.  His keen canine smell picked up the  scent of  her pussy as he
lowered his head to the quivering  hole.  This part  Rolf liked.  His dog
instincts took over as  his tongue began to  lap at the tied girls pussy.  He
worked it  into her tight hole,  liking the taste of her salty fluid as his 
tongue moved up her wet  channel.  He moved his tongue back out,  licking down
her slit to her  love button, getting all of her  tasty fluid that he could. 
Back  into her hole he drove his  long tongue, finding more of her juice  where
only moments  before he had cleaned them out.  Into her moist  pussy Rolf 
worked his rough tongue, lapping at any drop of fluid  that  escaped her
widening hole.

        Cathy tried to mentally prepare herself as the dog moved to  her  rear. 
Tied like she was, she had no choice but to except  her fate.   What she didn't
expect was for it to feel so damn  good!

        Rolf's rough tongue was driving her wild as it bore into  her  cunt,
licking up into her until its tip touched her very  uterus.   Cleaning her out,
it moved down her gash, the  sandpaper like surface  driving her wild as it
licked her clit  clean.  Back into her hole  it went, finding more of her juice 
flowing out as she became more  excited.  She felt the stiff  tongue moving
inside her, much larger  then any mans, probing  every side of her pussy walls
as it licked  her clean.

        Cathy felt her orgasm approaching quickly.  She could  hardly  believe
it, made to cum by a dog!  She began to squirm  back onto  Rolf's tongue, trying
to keep it inside its pussy as  she climax.

        Rolf felt his tongue flooded with Cathy's hot fluid as she  came.   He
lapped hungrily into her, his tongue moving quickly  in and out  of her moist
tunnel.  As he licked, his tongue again  was flooded  with her juice. Happily,
he moved his tongue far  into her depths,   pressing even harder to find the
source of  her fluid.

        Cathy couldn't believe it.  She was cumming again.  That  damn dog  had
moved even further up into her love tunnel when  she came,  searching for more
of her sweet nectar.  The roving  tongue sent her  into another orgasm, then
another as they  racked her tied body.   Climax after climax surged through 
Cathy's body, the tongue inside  her driving her wild with  desire as it moved
inside her.

        Melanie watched as the multiple orgasms rocked Cathy's  body.   That dog
will do it every time, she thought.  After  several minutes,  she could tell
Cathy had stopped cumming and  ordered the dog off  her.

        "Ok Rolf, stop", she told the dog.



        The dog sat down directly behind Cathy, looking at Melanie  for  his
next instruction.

        "Fuck her Rolf", Melanie told the dog.

        With a happy whine, the huge dog jumped up behind Cathy's  ass,  moving
his front paws back up to her sore shoulders.  His  groin was  directly behind
Cathy's pussy now as he began to hump  at her body,  searching for her cunt with
his erect canine  penis.  His penis  hit the opening to her hole, moving in
about  an inch.  With a loud  yelp, he humped his canine haunches  forward,
sending his hard penis  into her soft depths.  Lowering  his head next to her
soft neck,  Rolf humped away happily at her  hot pussy, pistonning into her with 
a speed that no man could  ever have matched.

        Cathy felt the heavy paws once again on her shoulders as  the dog  moved
behind her.  She felt him stabbing at her cunt  with his  prick, hitting her
clitoris several times before it  found her wet love  hole.  As it rammed into
her wet cunt, she  realized it felt  different than a mans.  She remembered her 
brother had once said a dog  had a real bone in his boner.  That  must be the
difference she  thought.  It felt weird in her,  rubbing her in places that a
mans  dick had never touched before.

        She liked the fast pace the dog had set.  With each thrust   forward,
her clit bumped against the metal bench she was lying  on,  moving her again
towards another orgasm.  She rocked back  and forth on  her stomach, trying to
match the fast pace her  canine lover was  setting.  The dogs tool worked
further into  Cathy's wet pussy as she  rocked beneath the madly humping  German
Shepherd.  His dick was  driving into her like a jack  hammer, his drool falling
onto her  back and neck as his penis  brought her closer and closer to climax.

        Cathy felt the dogs dick swell inside her, a hot feeling  erupting 
inside her womb as she realized the dog was cumming  inside her,  his puppy seed
spraying against the back of her  uterus.  It felt  like his tool had swollen to
twice its width  in her, her vagina  muscles contracting on it tightly as the
hot  dog sperm triggered her  own orgasm inside her.

        "I'M CUMMING", Cathy screamed out, her pussy clamping down  on the 
swollen dog dick with such force Rolf could not move it  any  longer inside her. 

        She heard the dog let out a low growl, biting at her neck  to hold  her
in place like any other bitch as he came.  Luckily  the collar  that she wore
stopped him from finding her soft  flesh.  She began  to choke slightly as the
dog pulled back on  her collar with his  sharp teeth, his haunches still trying
to  hump his swollen member  inside her.

        Cathy lay beneath the dog, her  cunt slowly releasing  Rolf's dick  from
within her.  She was exhausted after the  orgasm, wanting  only to fall into a
deep sleep. 

        Rolf, however, had other ideas.  As her cunt relaxed,  freeing his 
penis, he began to hump back into her, his  reproductive instincts  taking over
his canine body.  His teeth  stayed glued to the  collar around the helpless
girls neck as  his dog dick hammered into her  pussy for a second time.

        Cathy felt him begin to fuck her again.  She moaned beneath  the 
animal, her abused pussy still sore from the stretching his  cumming  had caused
earlier.  The pain was becoming unbearable  for her,  the dog's dick slamming
harshly into her cunt with  each fast stroke.   Her arm and leg joints felt like
they were  on fire, the ropes  pulling her apart like a medieval torture  rack. 
She began to see  everything through a red haze, her eyes  barely able to focus.  
Melanie was a blur in front of her, but  she could make out the grin  across her
face and knew there  would be no reprieve.

        With a start, Cathy realized her hips were bucking back at  the  humping
Rolf.  In a contest with her pain, the pleasure of  his dog  dick was slowly
winning out in her pussy.  In a daze,  she began to  hump back at the dog as
best she could, his penis  bringing her  again toward another orgasm.

        No, Cathy thought, not another one.  Her mind was losing  control  of
her body, her brain barely able to note what was  happening to  her.  Her
reflexes slowly took over, her hips  gyrating at the dog  dick fucking into her. 
From somewhere deep  within her mind, she  sensed the dog tense inside her,
pulling  back fiercely on her  collar.  The canine penis again swelled,  the tip
spewing forth its hot  load of dog cum deep inside her  cavity.

        The canine orgasm triggered Cathy's, her body clamping down  once  more
on the swollen dick inside her mistreated love canal.    Pulling at the ropes
holding her limbs in their agonizing  position, she  felt her orgasm join the
flames of pain from her  body, rolling  over her with such force that she passed
out.

        "Off Rolf", Cathy heard Melanie order the dog from  somewhere far  away. 
She thought she felt the dog leave her  pain racked body,  but she wasn't sure
of anything at this  point.  She heard a choking  sound from somewhere, and
realized  it was her own, her head  straining against the tied dog collar  that
held it in place.  With all  her effort, she moved her head  backward so she
could breath.

        Consciousness came flooding back to her as she lay on the  cold  metal
bench, as well as the pain from her outstretched  body parts.   She could make
out Melanie tying Rolf to a ring in  the floor about  20 feet away from her.

        "Very good slave", Melanie said with a devilish grin.  "I  have a  treat
for you now.  I'll bet your thirsty, aren't you?"

        "Yes Mistress", Cathy answered, not really wanting to.  She   wasn't
sure what Melanie had in mind, but was pretty sure she  wasn't  going to like
it.

        Melanie walked over to a cabinet on the wall, opening it  and  removed a
large glass.  Moving back to her tied captive,  she placed  the glass next to
her reddened pussy and slowly  began to milk the  dog cum mixed with Cathy's cum
out of her  cunt hole.

        Cathy had seen the glass in Melanie's hand and knew what  she was  going
to do when she walked behind her.  Melanie's  fingers worked  into her sore
cunt, scraping out every drop of  fluid that she  could, Cathy prayed it would
not be very much.

        "Hmm, not very much, is it?", Melanie asked Cathy.

        "No Mistress", Cathy replied to her, eyeing the 1/4 full  glass  that
Melanie showed her after milking her cunt.

        "Now, what can we do about that", Melanie asked in a  chilling  voice
that told Cathy she did not want to know the  answer.

        "I know, we'll get Rolf to fill it", Melanie told the bound  girl.

        Cathy watched as Melanie walked over to the German  Shepherd,  patting
his head as she kneeled beside his body.

        Melanie reached under the standing dog with the glass of  cum,  placing
it in front of his fury penis sheath.

        "Rolf, pee", Melanie told the dog.

        God please no, Cathy thought as she saw Melanie walk back  toward  her a
minute later, the glass now full in her hand.

        "Drink", Melanie ordered the girl, holding the glass of  rancid  fluid
next to her waiting lips.

        Cathy looked at the glass.  It was full of a yellowish  liquid,  with
white swirls of Rolf's dog cum slowly rotating  inside.  As the  glass pressed
against her lips, her nostrils  caught the smell of  male dog piss, mixed in
with something  else.  Knowing she had no  choice, she opened her mouth, 
allowing Melanie to pour the drink  into it.

        "Now, don't you spill any", Melanie warned her in a cold  voice.

        The salty taste of piss entered Cathy's mouth as she  quickly  swallowed
what Melanie poured into her, hoping she  wouldn't throw up.   The glass slowly
tipped further back, its  contents disappearing  into Cathy's waiting mouth. 

        She's pouring it slowly on purpose, Cathy thought, making  me  taste it. 

        The cum had clumped together at the bottom of the glass.   Melanie  held
the glass straight up, letting it slowly ooze into  Cathy's  waiting mouth.

        "Lick the glass clean", Melanie ordered her captive.

        Cathy stuck her tongue into the glass, moving it around the   inside as
far as she could.  The cum had left a bitter after  taste in  her mouth and she
actually liked the taste of the  salty pee  compared to it.  As her tongue
reached further back  into the glass, she  caught  a large blob of cum. 
Quickly, she  sucked it into her  mouth, swallowing it before it clumped 
together.  She kept working her  tongue around the glass even  after it was
empty, not wanting to  stop and get Melanie mad at  her.

        "Not bad slave", Melanie told her after several minutes.   She  looked
at the glass.  Just about clean enough to drink  from, she  thought.

        Melanie walked over to Cathy's right wrist, untying her  from the  floor
ring.  She slowly moved to the girls other  limbs, freeing  her from her
restraints.

        "Stand up", Melanie ordered her.

        Cathy stood up on wobbly legs, barely able to keep her  balance,  her
cramped muscles complaining with each movement of  her abused  body.

        Melanie walked over to the cabinet again, removing a  special pair  of
rubber panties.  These panties had a 6" dildo  imbedded to its  insides.

        "Put these on", she told Cathy, tossing her the panties.

        Cathy eyed the dildo for a moment, then raised her leg to  step  into
one side, then the other.  She pulled the panty up  toward her  pussy, the dildo
approaching her painful cunt.  She  slipped the  unlubricated head into her
hole, pushing it up into  her as far as the  pain would allow her.

        Melanie reached out to Cathy's pussy, shoving the dildo  hard up  into
her cunt.  She smiled as she saw the grimace of  pain spread  across the girls
face.  Reaching to her waste, she  pulled the  panties as far up her waist as
she could.  She used  a leather belt sewn  onto the panty to tightly hold it
around  her waste.

        "Go over and get Rolf", Melanie ordered her.

        Cathy started to walk over to the dog.  The dildo buried  inside  her
rubbed hard against her already sore pussy, making  every step a  painful
experience.  When she bent over to unhook  the dog, the  unyielding plastic
stabbed at her insides, taking  her breath away.   As she turned to walk the dog
back to  Melanie, she saw that she  had moved over the wall intercom.

        "Come down her Luanne", Melanie spoke into the plastic box.

        "Yes Mistress", Luanne replied after several seconds.

        "Follow me", Melanie ordered Cathy, turning to head up the   dungeon
stairs.

        Cathy followed her, leading the huge German Shepherd behind  her.   Each
step on the stair sent spasms of pain reverberating  through  her pussy.

        They met Luanne at the top of the stairs.

        "Take Cathy outside and show her how to feed and care for  Rolf", 
Melanie ordered the Mexican girl.  "Then bring her  inside, feed  her, clean
her, and have her help you with the  house work".

        "Yes Mistress", Luanne answered her.

        Cathy followed Luanne out through the house leading the dog  to  its
outside kennel.  When she had heard Melanie say feed  her, it  reminded her she
had not eaten since lunch yesterday,  and she was in  fact very hungry. 

        Glancing out a window as she moved through the house, she   realized it
was now late afternoon, almost early evening.  How  time flies  when your having
fun, Cathy thought sarcastically to  herself.  As  she stepped outside after
Luanne, she had another  unpleasant  feeling.  The hard dildo in her pussy was
rubbing  her as she walked,  slowly beginning to excite her.  The dildo  was
working in her cunt,  beginning to slide minutely inside her  pussy as the walls
began  to lubricate.

       
        END

        CHAPTER 5




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Don CA(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





