BDSM Library - 2 slaves for Mistress




2 slaves for Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mistress trains and disipline both Her female and male slave.
2 slaves for Mistress

I arrive promtly at 4 pm as instructed, wearing my blk silk thong and
cock
and ball spreader under my street clothes as instructed in the letter. As i
knock on the door, slave girl opens the door and i enter. 
In a scene we are only
permitted to address each other as slave girl and slave boy.....to each other
as slaves, we have no identity. As a male slave......i am always submissive
to even a female slave, and slave girl takes my bag and sets it down and asks
me to please strip for Mistress. Once i am stripped down to my thong and
leather cock harness........slave girl leads me down a hall and into the
disipline room where Mistress is awaiting me............Immediatly upon
seeing my Mistress, i drop to my knees as does slave girl....with my head
bowed in submission with legs spread as wide as i can for Mistress'
inspection. After Mistress inspects me...seeing that my cock and balls are
clean shaven she orders me to stand and return with my toy bag and lay
everything out for her to see. Once that is done...........slave girl
blindfolds me.....and Mistress orders me to place my wrists behind my back
while she fastens my locking leather cuffs around my wrist and slave girl
kneels to do the same with my ankles.....then i am ordered to kneel while
Mistress places my training collar around my neck and also locks it in place.
Then slave girl places a 4 foot wooden spread bar on my ankles and fastens
them so my legs are spread as wide as possible......and Mistress places a
ball gag between my lips to muffle any sound i may attempt to make. 
Mistress then proceeds to instruct me as to how as a slave i will address
her, and that as a slave i will always be naked in her presence from now
on..unless it pleases her for her slave to wear his thong panties for her.
Her slave will never speak unless spoken to.......and his eyes will always be
down cast unless Mistress orders him to look at her. He will always submitt
to any other Female slave, Mistress may choose to introduce into my training.
Adding that after all.... even a female slave is superior to a male
slave.............in her world. After going over all these rules slave girl
removes my ball gag and Mistress asks me if i have any questions and i
answer...................." no Mistress, i do not." ....................
With that Mistress steps to the table and returns with a med size anal plug
and some lube...after giving it a nice lubing she orders me to relax ...and
slowly slids the plug into my ass. Once i am plugged my wrists are unhooked
from one another..............and Mistress hands me a large roll of rope as
slave girl removes my ankles from the spreader bar. When slave girl is
finished Mistress orders her to stand in front of me...and Mistress instructs
me to place a nice tight rope dress on slave girl. Slave girls stands in
front of me as ordered....legs spread...... hands over her head...as i begin
to wrap her breast in multiple layers of soft nylon rope, next i begin to wrap her
crotch area...as well as back up over her shoulders making sure it is
comfortable as well as tight. ........Once this is done to Mistress'
satisfation...slave girl is lead over to the wall and her wrists are chained
above her head, and her ankles are spread wide and chained as well. Once
slave girl is fastened to the wall, Mistress turns her attention on
me.............
Mistress removes my cuffs and places leather suspension cuffs on my
wrists...and orders me to raise my hands as she hooks them to the rope above
my head......once this is done Mistress begins to crank me up until my feet
are just off the floor. Once i am fully hung...Mistress takes each thigh
and
places a leather strap around it..and hooks each ankle to each
thigh...completely immobilizing my legs and all my weight is on my wrists.
Next Mistress places a ball gag trainer over my head tightning the strap that
go around my neck, my chin and back over my head as well..........Next
Mistress removes my cock and ball harness and takes a legnth of rope and
wraps my balls in the rope stretching it over to slave girls hook on her
collar. Next Mistress placed nipple clamps on my nipples and i fell pain
serge through my chest but could only cry into my gag....as drool begin to
seep from the corners..........Then Mistress began to lightly carress and
whipp my exposed ass cheeks as slave girl look
on...................occasionally taking one of my feet and lightly smacking
the bottoms to add to my excitement.....after a few Misnutes of this and my
ass began to turn a nice shade of red Mistress Lowered me to the floor
gently, but keep my ankles bound to my thighs and placed my wrists behind me
and effectivly hog tieing me..........
Then Mistress turned her attention to slave girl as i looked on best i
can 

Mistress returns to slave girl, removeing the rope connecting my cock and
balls to her collar............slave girl is bound to the wall, in her rope
dress. Mistress chooses a small but course penis whip and begins flogging
slave girls small upturned breast....".the rope dress forces them up and out
away from her body" as slave girl is moaning, squirming in her
bondage......i can see the pain in her eyes as Mistress turns her breasts the
lovelest shade of red.....once Mistress is pleased....she removes slave girls
ankles..turning her to face the wall...and begins redding her firm ass
cheeks..............Mistress hooks her ankles to a spreader bar......because
slave girl keeps trying to close her legs............Mistress is swinging the
flogger harder..alternating between cheeks, and her upper back occasionally
catching her lips between her legs......slave girl is screaming now..so
Mistress forces a ball gag between her lips to silence her
crys.........slavegirl is thrashing pulling on her bonds but Mistress
continues...working slavegirl into a freanzy......until slave girl is hanging
limp in her bonds............Mistress turns to me.......releases me....and
orders me to take slavegirl down. Once i unhook her ankles.............and
remove her drool covered ball gag i release her arms...taking her sweat cover
body in my arms...and slowly lower her to my lap.........lightly stroking her
hair....and lightly rubbing her burning flesh with a fur mitten Mistress left
for me................I lay slavegirl down on a blanket and softly rub her
while removing the rope dress Mistress had me place her in.............Once
she has regained her composure i fix her a glass of water.....and kneel on
the floor lightly stroking each others flesh......placing my hand on her
cheek to take her lips in mine...........suddenly Mistress appears in the
doorway...... " slaveboy do u have permission to do that" Mistress
barks....... ..i answer "no
Mistress"................she looks angry and walks over taking her leash
and
snapping it on my collar..........Mistress leads me over to a whipping bench
and forces me to bend over locking first my ankle cuffs to one side then my
wrist cuffs..................My arms and legs are spread very wide and
Mistress removes the rope bondage consuming my cock and balls...but there
freedom is short lived as she places a cock and ball cage on my member
tightly securing it.......just feeling her hands on my cock, causes it to
stiffen , but not before i am caged in tight leather and steel rings..causing
great pain as i stiffen into my harness........ Next Mistress returns to
me.....what look like ear plugs and place them into my
ears.............depriving her slave of hearing any sounds. Next Mistress
returns to me with some sort of a bondage hood, removes my collar and tightly
stretches the stiff leather over my head............restricting me from any
vision as well. Now Mistress retreaves slave girl...........first placing
her in front of me..........placing ear plugs in her ears and placing a
bondage hood on her as well...effectivly placing her into sensory
deprevation as well, except slave girl has a penis gag buckled into her
mask........next Mistress places fur lined suspension cuffs on slave girl and
as she spreads her legs...Mistress forces her to wear a dildo harness with a
rubber butt plug and a strap on dildo attaced to the front...this dildo is
double ended and it slips softly between her pussy lips as it is bucked to
her
harness......finally Mistress stretches her arms up...hook them into
suspension chains and cranks slavegirl up until she is on tip toes.....now
Mistress positions slave girl and her dildo in front of
me...............nudging her cock to my lips.......i instinctivly part my
lips and Mistress works slavegirls hips so she is fucking my face with her
cock....... Mistress is pleased with me as i cover her rubber cock with my
drool..............and i am fucking her with the other end of the cock that
is slidding in and out of her pussy lips.................Mistress begins
smacking slavegils ass again with a paddle as we are fucking each
other...Mistress is controling the rythum with her paddle...once slavegirl is
worked into a freanzy.....Mistress orders her to stop fucking my
face...............pulls slavegirls cock from between my lips and removes her
from the front of me......only to postion her behind me.......still
suspended in her cuffs......Now Mistress abruptly removes my butt
plug.....relubing my slut hole with more lubricant...............Then
Mistress returns to the front of me..........forcing a gag between my lips
again..and snapping it into place. Next Mistress....slowly postions the
head of slavegirls cock at my lubed slut hole...and slowly pushes her hips
forward.....i can feel slavegirl trying to resist, but as the cock slips
between her pussy lips as well..... she surrenders and allows her hips
forward...filling my ass hole slowly with the rubber
cock..................slavegirl begins to slowly fuck, both my ass and her
pussy with the rubber member as she sways back and forth.......forcing both
of us to moan and drool into our bondage
hoods.........................Mistress comes around in front of me kneeling
she places clover clamps on my dime size nipples..........hooking the clamps
together with a chain. Slavegirl is working her hips back and forth.......i
feel her body tensing...my cock is becoming rock hard....but the cock cage
Mistress placed me in is preventing me from obtaining a full erection.....and
it is very painfull as well...once again Mistress begins flogging slavegirls
ass ....as she begins to jerk and spasim in her bondage as she
cums.............once she is done spasiming from her orgasms...Mistress
releases her ..........with her cock still swaying in front of
her...............and chains her once again to the wall. Now Mistress begins
to lightly slap me with a very soft leather flogger......warming my
skin........i instictivly................wiggle my ass from side to side
enjoying the attention Mistress is showing me............but my enjoyment is
short lived as Mistress switches to a hard, coarser leather flogger and
begins to swing on me with more force...................slap after slap...I
am moaning "thank you Mistress into my gag"........soon i am feeling my
cheeks on fire as Mistress is now flogging me with all her strenght. All of
a sudden Mistress stops and begins to smooth over my skin with a fur lined
mitten.............stroking my burning flesh.......allowing me to catch my
breath.............then i feel Mistress slowly inserting something into my as
hole again...this is small and smooth............but then i feel the object
inflating...........an inflatable plug this time...stretching me wider than
ever..........as i begin to see stars..thinking i cant take anymore....as
Mistress allows the handle to the plug to fall between my legs.......Again
Mistress begins her flogging of my ass cheeks........harder than before
again.....................i begin to moan once again...almost seeing
stars......i feel my flesh on fire...this time screaming into the gag
buckeled into my bondage hood..Once Mistress feels i have recieved enough
attention from her flogger........i am released from the horse....and
stripped of all my leather restraints..including my plug....but my wrists are
shackled with steel cuffs......slave girl is also released from her
bondage...stripped of leather restraints.........and placed in steel
shackles.......and we are both lead into a small room to what looks like a
shower...where we are order to step into the middle of what might be a
bathtub....our cuffed wrists are bound above us...to a hook. Next Mistress
begins spraying us with some type of soap..................and then sprayed
of with cold water from a shower hose.....................Once Mistress is
pleased we are clean....we are released..... allowed to dry one another off
with a
towel before being lead back into the disipline chamber.........where once
again we are cuffed next to one another from the ceiling................Now
Mistress reenters the room with matching thong panties and blk platform heels
for each of us to wear.............. We are forced into our slut
outfits..................Once we are dressed in our blk thong panties and
heels........we are placed in leather wrist suspension cuffs, elbow cuffs,
thigh cuffs, ankle cuffs and posture collars as well..................we are
bound facing on another..and our wrists are hooked so our bodies are just
touching..........slave girl is lifted up so our faces are right in front
of each other. Mistress produces a twin ball gag,..... it is two ball gags
connected in the middle by a small dowl, Mistress places the balls in each of
our mouths...and buckles each one around each of our heads. Next Mistress
places clover clamps on each of our nipples, but she connects them as well so
our nipples are connected to one anothers.................a sudden pain
shoots through my chest and i try to pull back, pulling on slavegirls nipples
and her eyes widen in pain...as she moans around her gag, that is connected
to mine. Mistress smears lube on both our ass holes..and shoves
anal plugs into us.....allowing our thongs to hold them in
place.............I try to look down............admiring my panties and
heels...........feeling the way they make my legs feels and my calves stand
out............feeling
the straps holding my feet in the heel bondage...and feeling my panties
hugging and gripping my crotch like a velvet hand..it is difficult to look
down because of the posture collar...and i realize i am already drooling from
my ball gag onto slave girls breasts........as she is drooling onto my
chest.............we look right into each others eyes.........not knowing
what
to expect from Mistress or our selves..........Finally Mistress places a
stool under slave girls heels. Then Mistress cranks me up a few notches in my
suspension so i am standing on my tip toes of my high heels..... Before
leaving us to hang alone Mistress removes my cock cage and replaces it with
a cock and ball spreader............I let out a sign of releif as Mistress
removes the cage, but then just as quickly.......i am incased in a cock and
ball spreader............. once my cock is tightly bound again in the
spreader and Mistress straightens my panties so my cock is pointed upwards
trapped between my belly and panties...i feel it stiffen and become rock
hard.....I try awaying my hips to rub the tender side of my cock that is
exposed against slavegirls panties.....Mistress see me and angrily slaps my
ass hard twice telling me, " if so much as cum, i will be so sorry". As
Mistress leaves the room she swithches off the light, and locks the door
behind her. As we hang there.......i cannot see a thing, the room is so
dark...........i can feel the heat of slavegirls body touching mine....and i
can feel her breathing through her nose.....onto mine........I gently begin
to rub my rock hard panty incased cock against slavegirls belly and i hear
her let out a moan......I want to be inside her so much........i begin to
squirm and struggle in my bondage in frustration, and i pull on our
nipples......causes us to moan even more...................slavegirl begins
to also sway and rub her body against mine......we are both sweating
profusely......the sweat act as a lubricant against our flesh. This goes on
for what seem like hours...........and suddenly the light switches on blinds
both of us.....Mistress enters.........." Hello my pet...how are you two
doing?", we hear her say...........we both try to turn to look at her....but
our gags prevent us from turning our heads.............Mistress asks"
slaveboy..........i know you want to fuck slavegirl" dont you.......? I
moan ..." yes Mistress....please....." trying to shake my head yes at the
same time, but all i do i shake slavegirls head alone with
mine.............Well then slave boy..you have been good, and that wonderful
rock hard cock need a home anyways.......... From a drawer Mistress produces
a condum and pulling my panties to one side...my cock falls out..the head
poking slavegirl crotch.....Mistress unrolls the condum onto my
cock........pulling slavegirls panties a side as well........Mistress guides
my cock into her wet warm pussy.........it slide in so easily............I
try to push as much as i can... looking into slavegirls eyes...her eyes the
size of silver dollars.....she lets out the most beautiful moan...as i
push..... filling her pussy with my cock............I begin trying to fuck
her, and Mistress wispers in my ear...not yet slaveboy.............and walks
to the wall and returns my me with a stiif flogger and something else....I
feel Mistress pull my thong to one side and she pulls my butt plug out, but
only to replace it with a med sized dildo................suddenly i feel it
switched on and it begins to vibrate................oh god i moan and
Mistress returns the thong to the crack of my ass.............As Mistress
begins lightly flogging my ass she wispers to me again.........fuck her
slaveboy.......i i start sliding my cock in and out of slavegirls
pussy........along with the rythum Mistress is creating by whipping my
ass...the harder Mistress is flogging me.........the harder i am slapping my
cock into slavegirls pussy.......i feel my bound balls slappingbetween
slavegirls legs as my cock fills her, then retreats to almost coming out..the
all the way back in..............we are both pulling hard on our
cuffs.......swaying and squirming......our nipple clamps being pulled
taunt.........pain corsing through both our bodies.........so many feeling at
once....i begin to feel as though i am floating....the pain of my nipple
clamps pulling against slavegirls........the anal plug spreading me open and
vibrating............and Mistress, now whipping my burning ass
cheeks............conducting the tempo we are fucking to..............and the
feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her warm tight
pussy....................i begin to grunt as does slave girl...........in our
gags " Mistress. may i cum, Mistress may i cum......."over and over
..........with out even hearing her responce........i feel my body
tightens........as does slavegirls...........we are bucking.. pulling
against our restraints......i lose my balance from standing in my
heels......i begin to cum as i am hanging limp in my suspension
cuffs...slavgirls pussy lips are milking my cock..........over and over... i
feel waves passing through my body...as i hang there.............My body is
trembling now.....as is slavegirls from our orgasms. Mistress is petting
both of us......lightly stroking both of our sweat soaked
hair...........Mistress removes our ball gags as we regain out strenght, i
stand back up on my heels...taking the pressure of my wrists.......and
Mistress says to me...kiss her slaveboy.........both our faces are coverded
in drool and spit as my lips lightly capture her lips with mine and kiss her
very passionitly..........for what seems like forever.......our mouths now
making love to one anothers our tongues exploring each others......our nipple
clamps are remove...sending shooting pain from our chests, interupting our
kiss......and we are released from suspension, Mistress removes our
plugs..... and both of us are allowed to remove the others leather
restraints. Then we undress each other...and Mistress instructs us to clean
everything up and put our toys away...............and not to speak to one
another....... or else, she warns..........After everything is put away and
cleaned up and we are dressed we report to Mistress who is laying in her hot
tub......we kneel by the side............." You both have pleased me very
much pets............." Mistress says....".and i would like to keep you for
the weekend next weeks........"she says......." you would like that wouldnt
you?" Mistress asks...........we both chim in..."yes Mistress please"." Then
so be it.......slaves..." Mistress says. With that orders us to be
gone.............
The End........until next week : )~~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jessie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





