BDSM Library - Sold




Sold
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The husband sold his wife to a SM club/organization and she was supposed to be back after 10 days of slavery. Will he get her back?
Sold by Golffdude45@aol.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sold


It started as little more than an embarrassing fantasy. My husband of nearly ten
years and I were watching TV one evening. Our two kids, ages 8 and 6, and were
already off to bed and sound asleep for the evening. It was one of those cop
shows that have become so popular of late. Well, the theme for the episode was
some sort of bondage event... He commented about being tied up and I countered
with some flip comment or another. Dan, my husband, disappeared into the garage
during the next commercial segment. I thought nothing of it. A few minutes later
he reappeared with a roll of duct tape and a length of nylon cord. I laughed and
asked just exactly what he thought he was going to do with that stuff.

"Tie you up! Now get naked, woman." And with that he went into the kitchen.

"Yeah, right!" I grunted in disbelief. He returned with a metal folding chair,
which he placed next to the couch and in front of the TV.

"What's this? You don't believe me? Now get naked."

I giggled, stood and laid my clothes neatly on the couch next to where I had
been sitting. The chill of cool night air puckered my nipples.

"Sit here." He pointed towards the folding chair. I sat. The metal was cold
against my bare skin. "Get comfy." And with that he ripped out a length of
shinny silver duct tape. With two quick wraps my left ankle was secured to the
metal leg. And in another second the other ankle was done too. I fidgeted about
and was very surprised at how immobile I had become. My thighs tingled. I
flushed with a bit of embarrassment at my own reactions. Dan looped the rope
about my thigh just below my twat and tugged the flesh outwards from my groin.
Then under the chair and around the opposite thigh, tugging the flesh about my
pussy into an open area. My pussy rushed warm. Beads of moisture forming on the
labia. I blushed again. My elbows were tied to the back of the chair. A wrap or
two about the tummy and I was secured to the chair. Moisture dribbled from my
exposed twat. He taped my left wrist to my thigh.

" Now stick your two middle fingers into you pussy." I was sopping so that was
easy enough... and a bit welcomed too. Dan taped my index finger to the inside
of my thigh and my little finger to the other thigh. My fingers were fixed upon
my twat. So I diddled while he played. With a wash cloth to the back of my head
and one, two, three wraps of tape around the circumference I was quite mute. I
was nearing a quiet orgasm as Dan looped a slipknot around my left breast and
tugged it tight. The surprise and instance of pain shooting through my chest
triggered an instant orgasm... and not as small as I had hoped for either. Dan
lassoed the other breast as my insides shook. He looped the rope several times
about each breast tugging firmly. Well, I was finished shaking... and my breasts
were well separated. The last bit of rope he wrapped around my chest... over and
across my nipples and cinched tight, cutting my protruding breasts in half. I
tried to yelp in pain but all I could do was a muffled grunt. With another too
tight a wrap he tied off the rope. I was diddling again... and focussing upon
the building pressure in my tits. The TV show ended about the same time as Dan's
rope tricks.

"Good night, My Love."

My eyes bulged wide.

"NO!" I wanted to scream... but I only grunted. The lights went out. Dan left. I
sat and diddled my pussy... Most all night I diddled. Dan fetched me to bed
about 3 AM.

Anyway, I spend most Saturday nights tied up here or there. And for my birthday
that year I received a tennis bracelet, a card, and a "Bill of Sale" with the
following note-

My Dear Wife: You have been "SOLD" into "BONDAGE" for a period of ten days. The
money received from this sale was used to purchase your tennis bracelet. At some
time unknown to me during the next six months you will be "abducted." Your
abductors will inform you that your servitude is about to commence. Neither you
nor I will know where or when. You will go then and there, and be returned to me
in ten days substantially unharmed. I do hope that you enjoy yourself!

Happy Birthday, Dan

"What exactly does sold mean - and exactly to whom?!" The tennis bracelet was
gorgeous. I was thrilled. But the Bill of Sale and note left a hollow tightening
feeling in the pit of my stomach.

"Well, I know how much you like being tied up and all. And one day while poking
around on the Internet looking for ideas I came across this ad for a Bondage
service. They buy women at $50 a day for services rendered. You determine how
many days of servitude and they pay you in cash in advance. The bracelet was
just over $750. I thought it might be fun, so I sold you for $500.00."

"But what if I don't like being "SOLD"? And did you check to see exactly what
this "servitude" might involve?"

"Yes, actually I did some checking. They have a list of references, which I
called. They are very secretive about the specifics. But everyone I called said
they got what they paid for, and their wives were returned substantially
unharmed as agreed. Some of the references were husband and wives, and some were
just single women. So I felt comfortable about your safety."

"What if I don't want to?"

"Then all we have to do is refund the money by the end of the week."

"And the bracelet?"

"Well, I don't see that we can do that without the cash advance."

"Why didn't you ask me first?!"

"Would you have agreed to being "sold"?"

"No. Well, maybe..."

"And that would have ruined the surprise too, would it not?"

"But what if they ask me to do something I don't want to do?"

"Then tell them no... I don't think it will help much... but now's the time to
decide."

"And why is that?"

"Because we both have to sign a release and E-mail it back. There is no contract
without the release. And once it is sent back... well, you will be "sold.".. and
must do the ten days within the next six months."

The more we talked about it the more I warmed up to it. It might be fun. I was
actually getting a bit turned on by the idea. "And you have no idea where or
when?"

"None."

"And will they notify you in advance so we can plan a week or so before?"

"From what I understand, no. You will just be abducted one day. And in ten days
I will receive a message about where to pick you up."

"That sounds a bit spooky."

"The whole things seems a bit medieval. A bit Marquis de Sade-like... Yet fun
too." And with that he signed his name to the release. Then pushed the paper in
front of me. I looked at him a long moment, then signed the paper. I was still
very uneasy about the whole thing.

Dan stood the paper in his hand. "Now we e-mail this to them."

He walked to the computer, turned it on, lifted the scanner lid, laid the
document on the glass... I sat mesmerized. The computer blinked, clicked, and
whirred to life. Dan did not look back. He sat to the computer and began to
type. I could see the screen clearly from where I sat. The computer dial
on-line. And with a bit more clicking and buzzing the screen flashed a large red
Hello, and nothing else. Dan hit the send button. My heart skipped a dozen or so
beats. Then the screen flashed and a very large red bold print SOLD appeared
across the screen. Fear shot through my whole body. I had been sold - and I
didn't even know who the buyer was! I starred dumb founded at the screen. It was
"I" that was sold. Dan shut the computer off. I sat motionless, frozen in time.

"You okay?" Dan asked.

"No..." I said quietly. "I was just bought and sold over the Internet. Can I
change my mind?"

"Not from what I know about this."

"Any idea when they, whoever they are, will show up to claim their purchase." I
felt sick, filled with dread.

"None at all."

I rubbed the bracelet around my wrist. There is no way to prevent what you
cannot find out. Those next days and weeks were filled with fear, expecting to
be kid-napped by unknown monsters at any moment. A month passed. Life moved
along without event or interruptions. I all but forgot about the sale by the end
of the second month. And by the passing of the third month I, we both, just
assumed the best dismissing the event as some strange bonus to us. I loved the
bracelet!




The Abduction

I was returning from the grocery store and babysitter. The door closed shut
behind me, as I became aware of a presence from behind. Failing to turn in time
I was seized from behind. Huge arms encircled me lifting off the floor. I kicked
violently, but only thrashed about in the air. The groceries dropped from my
arms scattering about the floor. Another man grabbed my legs struggling to get
them under control. I lost the battle rather quickly. These were big men dressed
in black with hoods covering their faces. I was beyond terrified. I feared the
worst, for my safety and my life. I struggled fiercely. A third man placed a
large leather belt around my waist cinching it tight enough to hurt. I screamed
bloody murder. A ball gag was placed in my opened mouth and secured behind my
head in an instant. I was muffled. I writhed about fighting with all my
strength. First one arm was held firm. A leather band attached to my wrist. It
was bent forcibly downward. Then fastened to the waistband. Then the other arm
was attached to the belt around my waist. I stopped fighting. The struggle was
lost. I watched wide-eyed as a leather strap was tethered about my ankle. Then
the other ankle was fastened in a strap. Small locks found the side of each
wrist and ankle strap. A black tube about two feet long was fastened into a
large metal ring attached to the ankle. I was placed upright upon my feet.

"I bought you, and for the next ten days you are my property. You will do
exactly as you are told, and speak only when spoken to. You will answer with a
simple "Yes, Master/ No, Master." Shake your head if you understand."

I nodded my head in the affirmative.

"You will be given a chance to ask questions when we arrive at the compound. Do
you under stand?"

I nodded again. One of the other men gathered up my groceries and placed them on
the table. He pulled out a piece of paper. It was a copy of the Bill of Sale and
the release form. It was stamped SOLD in large red letters. And just below that
was today's date with a large red Item Collected stamped across the release
form. Tears welled up in my eyes. I choked on the gag. He placed the paper next
to my groceries. I stood in shock, starring at the table. The glint of steel
brought my focus back to the present. It was a scalpel. One of the men stepped
forward. I retreated as best I could but found my back blocked by another's
chest. Quickly and without so much as a spoken word every stitch of clothing was
cut away. Electric hair clippers removed the velvet from between my legs. My
pretty muff was placed in a baggie. All my clothes were placed into a small
plastic grocery bag along with the baggie containing my muff. The bag was set
upon the table next to the Bill of Sale.

The terror of a few minutes ago had subsided. I realized that it was time to pay
up. And this would be over in ten days or so. I felt very much on the side of
panic still. I was securely bound and naked in front of my captors. My hands
clinched into balls of clammy sweaty rage.

A leather collar with several metal wrings was strapped around my neck, and
locked into place. I shook my hair out. It was caught in the strap.

"Bend over." The voice command was simple enough, void of all emotion.

I shook my head no. I was not about to expose my bottom to these brutes.

"You don't understand yet. I own you and your body, every bit of it and you will
either do as you are told or it will be done for you... but it will happen."

With that he pressed a button on a small box he was holding. Nothing much happen
until the man from behind pushed me forward. As I stumbled to take a step the
tube between my legs sprung wide, spreading my legs to some three feet wide. The
force of having one leg shot apart from the other sent me stumbling forward
completely off balance. Guided by one of the men, I topple over the back of the
couch, burying my face in the cushions on the other side. I screamed but only
muffled noise escaped the ball gag in my mouth. My arms thrashed but made little
real movement as they were fastened to the leather band around my waist. I lay
still. My lungs heaved for air but struggle was futile... and my bottom was
sunny side up.

"Now you see. That's much better!"

I lay still. Moments passed slowly. I stiffened as a finger began spreading a
cold cream around the openings of my bottom. A cold object touched the skin of
my anus. Gentle but firm pressure began spreading the opening. Slowly, and I was
so thankful that it was slowly, I felt something penetrating the opening.

"Relax and accept the butt plug. It will hurt less."

I tried to comply. But the object was spreading me wide. I felt like the tissue
was about to rip apart. Tears streamed down my face. My bowels felt stuff as the
tissues around my ass began to close at the base of the plug. Another leather
strap was fastened to a metal ring at the back of my waist strap.

"Stand her up." The other two took me by the shoulders and helped me struggle to
my feet. I felt violated, stuff, sickened at the pit of my stomach.... And my
ASS hurt! I stood and watched as a large and very, very thick dildo was slowly
inserted into my twat. I felt miserable, invaded, violated, and raped. Absolute
despair began to overwhelm me. The strap from the back of my waist was brought
between my legs. There was four-belt buckle like straps at the end of a two-inch
wide leather strap. These were then buckled up to the leather waistband forming
an enclosure about my pussy and ass, securing both the butt plug and dildo into
their respective orifices. From the outside it looked very much like a leather
panty. I had never felt so stuffed. I felt like a thanksgiving turkey, about to
over flow.

"Close her up." And one of the men bent down. He depressed a small button on the
tube between my ankles and pressed the tube between my ankles back together.
Another man began gathering and stuffing my hair from behind into something. A
leather bag was snapped to the strap around my neck. I stood still, puzzled at
what they might be doing. The other man soon joined him. I could feel a tugging
at the base of my skull... And then a zipper making its way upward behind my
head. I began to feel panic again as I realized that I was being closed off. In
another moment the front was zipped closed over my eyes. To my surprise there
was an opening around my nose and I could breathe rather easily. I could feel my
self-relaxing as the oxygen flowed freely to my lungs. The leather hood was
snapped down in front.

"This will hurt. It is in preparation. Upon your arrival at the compound your
nipples will be pierced." I began to shake. "The loops will be press stainless
steel attached to a stainless steel nipple chain. The chain will be welded into
place. These will be permanent. So get used to the idea now."

Someone rolled my right nipple to elongate and enlarge it. Then a clamp of some
type was depressed over the center. I lurched forward at the waist in pain. I
cried under my hood. My knees buckled as the other nipple was clamped down. My
tits were on fire. I could not walk. I stumbled from the shackles, racked with
pain in my chest. I was half dragged as I stumbled along. I felt the kitchen
tile under my feet. The back door opened. I stumbled down the back stairs being
both helped and dragged with one man on each shoulder. I heard a motor start. I
was lifted quickly upward. My chest was on fire. My nipples raging in
excruciating pain. I was disoriented in the dark under my leather hood. My legs
shook, barely supporting my weight. Terror had once again filled my mind. The
Man, my Owner's words ran screaming over and over through my mind. Panic began
to take over... I stood up right. My hands were released from my waistband and
reattached to another ring. My arms resting forward in grooves that seemed
formed for small wrists. I tugged at the attachments, first one then the other
searching for some weakness. Escape was a distant second to the fire burning in
my breasts. My arms were secure. One of the men pressed my head forward to about
the same level as my hands and attached one of the rings on my neck strap to the
object in front of me. I tried to stand but was securely fastened at the neck.
This too felt grooved as if to fit about my neck. Then an image flash into my
mind. That of a medieval pillage stock. At that one and the same instant the
stock closed down over my arms and head. The latch clicked closed. The fire was
subsiding into a dull ache radiating through my breasts, into my chest muscles
and along my shoulders. My nipples had become thankfully quite numb. The step
van/ delivery truck rumbled down my drive. I lost my footing at the turn and
promptly discover that the spreader bar had been released. My ankle sprung
sideways. With a great deal of stumbling and struggle I finally found a
ride-able balance to my position. My chest hurt. I could not feel my nipples any
more. My ass began to ache, and I remembered what was stuffed into every hole in
my bottom. No tears flowed for the time being. Survival instincts had taken
over.

We were off to their compound and ten fun-filled days...




DAY ONE

The trip had taken several hours, with many twisting turns, stopping, and bumpy
roads. I was unloaded as soon as we arrived at the compound. It felt really good
to stand up straight. The spreader bar collapsed and was removed from my ankles.
My arms were reattached to my waistband. I was lead across several yards of soft
sandy soil. A shackle chain was attached to one ankle loop and then run up and
through a loop in my waistband. The chain was then measured for length; a stride
and not one link more. Then attached to loop of my other ankle.

I was lead through a doorway and into a cool, no, cold room. Someone took hold
of my breast and swabbed it with a cold liquid placing it on some kind of cold
metal tray.

"Remove the clamp." Thank the good Lord! Now let me tell you that the only thing
more painful than a clamp on your nipple is the rush of bodily fluids back into
the nipple. My knees buckled immediately! I felt another very sharp stabbing
pain run through my breast and then it was gone. I felt a tugging at the nipple.
It hurt as the flesh was stretched but nothing compared to the clamps. Then I
felt something hot radiating in front of me. My mind told me that must be the
welding of the chain and loops. I wept at the image of my beautiful breast with
a nipple ring and chain hanging from them.

"Now the next one." The cold of the swab was followed by the agony of the
clamp's removal. That stabbing feeling. The radiant heat and it was done. As I
was lead along the chain swayed gently tugging softly at tender nipples
gradually regaining their feeling. Only the pain in my bowels remained... and I
had to pee!

I was led into a warm room with carpet. It felt good under my feet. I felt much
better for the moment. A wrist was released. A chain attached. By now I knew the
ritual. The chain was run through a loop in my waistband and attached to my
other wrist. I could move my arms again. And I could walk. Then the zipper
tugged open on my leather hood. Light began to flood my eyes. It was far too
bright. It made my eyes water. Tears of relief began to flow down my cheeks. I
could survive this! My sight was beginning to clear. The images were blurry at
first but in another few seconds I could see five other women clad much the same
as I. A large man in a leather mask stood in front of us.

"This will be your only question and answer period. After this time you will be
allowed to speak only when you are spoken to. You will answer with Yes, Master/
No, Master. You will do everything you are told to do. Some of you sold
yourselves. Some of your mates sold you... but I bought each of you. You belong
to me for the term of your servitude; each of you knows that term. A schedule of
daily events will is being given to each of you. Learn it. We will live it. To
recap the high lights:

"The club open to the members at three PM daily. We make our money in three
ways. 1- We are a Bondage and S&M club, 2- I buy, train, and sell women of
bondage, 3- I breed dogs with kennel bitches Each of you will be used in all
three of these areas. One of you has sold herself to me to be trained and resold
at auction. Each of you will be auctioned on the second to last day of your stay
with us. An offer of purchase will be made to the appropriate party upon the
completion of your auction. If they accept my offer you will be sold to the
bidder and will depart with him immediately. No deception or coercion will be
attempted upon your significant others. This will be simply buying and selling
of goods. If you wish to accept the offer of purchase you may do so. Your
significant other will be properly notified of the transaction. There are a
number of different rooms in the dungeon. You will each serve in every room. The
members pay to whip, chain, wax, and tie you up, down, or any other such thing
they may desire. You will comply. Many of our members leave tips... some do not.
Tips for any number of activities, shows, or services will be collected and
deposited into an account, which you will receive upon the completion of your
term with us. You will work, clean, and service the kennels daily beginning on
the third day from today. Two days before the completion of your term with us
each of you will receive your marks of training. Upon completion of your
individual terms you will be deposited at a location that will be given to your
significant other just after you are left."

A man began moving among us removing each of respective gags. My jaws ached for
several long seconds.

"I didn't sign up to be sold at auction! I have a life," The blond yelled. I
nodded rigorously.

"Then you had best hope that you mean more to your boy friend or husband than
the low bid of five thousand cash." She paled immediately. Apparently she wasn't
too sure about her worth to him.

"And how much does woman of bondage normally fetch?" She spoke with a great deal
less aggression.

"The average is around ten thousand." The blond began to weep. A sum that large
might even turn Dan's eye. The reality that someone might buy me didn't seem any
too far fetched any more.

"But I have children at home," I cried out involuntarily.

"Then you had best hope that anchors you to your spouse. Good breeders bring
another three to five at auction, My Dear." I flushed at the numbers. I just had
to hope I was worth that much to Dan in ten days, or... A knot formed in my
stomach... Surely I was safe...

"What's this about shows, and services?" a woman with jet-black hair asked.

"Just what it sounds like. You will be shown upon request in any manner any one
asks. And Ladies, you be will be fucked so get used to the idea. Remember tips
are on the line." I choked. The thought of fucking someone other than Dan had
never crossed my mind.

"And what does kennel work involve?" A woman with auburn hair asked.

"I breed and train dogs in the service of wealthy women. These are usually Labs,
Danes, or Shepherds. Some of our dogs are brought to me for training. Others are
bred in house. You will clean their kennels and help in the care of these fine
animals. Each of you will be assigned a single dog to train."

"I've never trained a dog before," I spoke out, puzzled.

"Like I said I train "Breeder Dogs." You will be bred, mated with one of these
fine animals."

A gasp went through the air.

"You mean..." I choked out weakly.

"Yes. Each of you fine women will be mounted by one of our dogs daily. You will
teach him to lick your pussy upon command and to fuck you upon command. Dogs are
very possessive. You will become his bitch. The dungeon is monitored for safety.
But let me assure you that what happens there will be painful. Remember tips are
in the balance there too."

"What about these marks of completion?" a tall slender woman asked.

"You will each be branded in the soft flesh above your clit. One mark is B/S&M
of the school the other will be the price you fetched at auction. So if you want
everyone to know you're a cheap cunt you can. So fetch a price you can be proud
of! That is all the time I have for your questions. On a closing note, a Doctor
will examine your piercings, your general health, and each orifice of service
daily. Other than when the need arises you will remain locked down exactly as
you are now. So get used to it. Good day. Enjoy your stay. We always do." And he
left the room...

Several of the women began to grumble some of them very loudly. And not without
reason! Only one of the women in our little group seemed to have truly
understood what that big red SOLD on the computer screen had meant. Dan and I
surely had not. And I had never given any thought to what working in a bondage
club or being SOLD into bondage might involve. I stood in quiet shock. I was
naked in a room of strangers, in a compound that was who knows where, bound in
leathers, chains, and locks.

Several women entered the room. They were clad very much the same as I. They
walked among us replacing the ball gags. Not one of them spoke a word. I looked
directly at the woman coming towards me.

"I have to pee." I spoke softly. She smiled and nodded. She stepped next to me
and whispered.

"In a moment."

"Is all this for real," I whispered back. She winked at me and nodded her head a
quick yes. Then stepped behind me and replaced the gag.

"Ladies." A woman called from the front of the room. I looked at her. "A
Mistress will accompany you to your room. There you will be prepared for to
night's duties. Tonight you will waitress the evening and provide other services
as maybe requested. Remember to speak only when spoke to. And Ladies no one says
'NO' around here."

With that we began to file out of the room behind the Head Mistress. I followed
the woman who had whispered to me. We walked down several halls and up a number
of stairs to a single room.

It was small, semi-private, with a bed, wash basin, and toilet. Clean sheets sat
folded upon the mattress. The door closed behind us. She produced a key and
unfastened the locks covering the belt buckle straps. I quickly unfastened
these. Then with a little bit of urgency I deposited the dildo upon my mattress.
It felt good to pee. Then I stood to remove the butt plug.

"Unless you've the need it is best left where it is for the day. I will hurt to
replace it for a while." My Mistress spoke softly.

"This is all so much more than my husband & I bargained for." I stood awkwardly
in front of the woman. "Is this for real?"

"Very much so." She spoke softly.

"We're sold at auction?" I strained at the thought.

Her eyes dropped to the floor. Moisture glistened in the light. "Yes. My husband
of two years accepted their offer last Sunday."

"I'm so sorry." I stammered. "But I need to know..." I trail off hesitant to
continue.

"Twelve-five. I leave day after tomorrow with my new owner. It's not that bad
really. These are generally wealthy men or women. They prefer fresh young girls.
So I'll do four or five years with this owner. Then he will either sell me to
another or set me free. In time I'll be my own woman again. It just really hurts
to have your spouse cash you in."

"Do you really train dogs... I mean like he said?"

She brightened up, "Oh, yes. And believe it or not that is the best part of this
place. I get to keep my dog too."

I could hardly believe my ears. A shudder ran through my frame at the sound of
her words.

"The dungeons are fun too, but run long before you shift is over. Some of the
Masters are better than others. I don't mind this place really. It just broke my
heart to be sold out by my husband."

"How many of the women get sold?"

"Well, there is some pretty big dollars thrown around at auction... so I'm
afraid that more than you would be comfortable knowing."

"Does everyone get sold?"

"Oh, heavens no! Just under half, usually. You had a life choice in your
group..." she paused in thought. "Probably, four or five out of you six."

I gasped.

"Not very good odds," she acknowledged.

But I just had to be one of those two... or the 'one'. Dan just had to come
through for me. But would he if he knew what I was doing here? And with all that
money... I just had to believe!

"Do they tell... what goes on here... to you know..."

"Daily e-mails are sent to the seller, including pictures. I think that's what
turns the tide so often." Her eyes teared again. "I'm sure it did for me
anyway."

Dan might see me fucking dogs, or behave wantonly with other men. My heart sank.
So I too might be sold... I had to accept that as a real possibility.

"Now for the schedule," she pointed to the paper on the bed, "mornings are easy
times. Breakfast is prompt. The Doctor is good, but, well, you'll get used to
it. And kennel work is fun."

I winced squeamishly.

"Me too at first! But you get used to it. Lunch is prompt. The early afternoon
is your time. Rest, primp, clean your room, whatever. Hygiene is crucial. Keep
yourself very clean. Report anything and everything. The real work begins at
three. Check your assignments at the door. For tonight, the new girls waitress.
And remember this always. Do not say NO. If they want to see it, show them. If
they want to touch it, give it to them. If they want to fuck it, provide it.
Disobedience will result in punishment. It's 2:30 PM. I have to go now."

She stood and retrieved the dildo. Without another word she knelt between my
legs. Her delicate touch dance across my vulva sending shudders through my legs.
In another moment, warmth flushed at my thighs. Gently she pressed the dildo
into place redoing each of the four belt buckles. She closed the leather flap
across the buckles and relatched the locks.

"You must shave yourself daily, My Dear." She bent forward placing a small
gentle kiss on my lips. I had never kissed a woman before. I was dumb founded.
But ten this whole day seemed like an episode from the twilight zone. And with
that she turned and left the room.

At ten minutes to three I left the security of my room. My nipples ached from
the swinging of the chain. My ass hurt from within. But I simply did not dare to
defy anything I was told. The utter reality of the place was over whelming,
intimidating by existence. After all I really was here. The loops through my
nipple were really there. I really was wearing chains and locks. My ass and
pussy really were stuffed. I was really naked in God knows where... and as much
as I wished it to be different I was going to be here for at least ten days.

It was easy to follow the straggle of woman heading into the dungeon. Upon
entering the dungeon I was greeted by the Head Mistress. I was to do hat and
coat check duties for tonight. There was a closet room directly to my right. A
tin bucket stood near the door. It was full of clothespins. I was given a
numbered pad to check the guests upon arrival. The Head Mistress would return
every hour or so to collect the tips. She would log them in for me. I discovered
that my leather waistband had a brass number embedded in the side that was
supposed to correspond to the invoice number on my bill of sale. Names were not
to be used.

I felt very uneasy about standing at the door to greet complete strangers in the
buff. When the door creaked open the first time I looked for a place to hide.
Finding none my next instinct was to cover up. Since the leathers about my loins
seemed to provide some cover my hands reached for my breasts. The touch of my
palms upon my newly pierced nipples sent a pain radiating down both arms. The
man looked at me and laughed.

"A newbie!" he chided. I bowed my head with embarrassment.

"Yes, Master."

"Well, take my coat silly woman."

I took his over coat from across his arm and scurried off to the closet. When I
returned with the claim stub he was holding a clothespin in each hand.

"So these are new?" He traced a circle at the outer edge of my areolas. My
nipple reflex tightened and puckered immediately. The moving flesh also reacted
to the new piercing shooting pain through my breasts. I winced at the touch.

"Yes, Master." And with out another word he depressed the pins and attached one
to each nipple. The pain was immediate and intense. My nipples screamed. My
chest burned again. Tears welled up and rolled down my cheeks. He stood in front
of me placing his coat-check stub in his wallet.

"There's a fifty in it if those are still there when I get back." He waved a
fifty-dollar bill for me to see. Not for five hundred I screamed in my mind. He
walked away as my hand found it's way towards the clothespins. At the touch of
my finger to the pin a new fire burst across my ass. A telling crack resounded
in my ears. A scream exploded from my lungs as my hand shot down to address my
bottom. I could feel the welt forming on my bottom. I sobbed heavily as I turned
to find the source of such a blow. The Head Mistress stood only a few feet away.
A riding crop dancing above her shoulders.

"You will not ever remove anything placed upon our property by any member of
this organization. When it is appropriate I will remove any items I choose from
company property. The clothespins stay put. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress. I did not understand." It was a painful lesson. But I would not
try the whip again if I could help it. My heart wrenched as I began to really
comprehend the big red SOLD stamp on the bill of sale. I did not own my own
body. For the next ten days the company owned my body and me. It was company
property! I was company property! And the both us could be resold in ten days
too...

The door opened and I quickly returned to my duties as 'coat clerk'. My nipples
became numb soon enough, and the burning in my chest resumed. But the
clothespins remained. The next man in fastened a five-dollar bill to my left
breast with another clothespin. By the time evening was upon me my whole body
was tingling with money pinned to various places. I was getting used to the
routine. It didn't seem so bad for now.

About seven PM the Head Mistress returned. She seemed pleased to find an
adequate amount of money pinned to my skin. She began removing the clothespins.
I counted the money as she collected it. I had earned nearly $75.00 already. The
nipple pins remained. As the Mistress reached to remove them I gently held her
hand away.

"Please Mistress. They're worth fifty bucks where they are." She smiled and
withdrew. This really wasn't so bad, I thought to myself. My bottom seemed to be
very uncomfortable from time to time. But I felt safe enough in my little closet
routine, for the moment at least. As Members would pass into the inner sanctum I
could hear periodic cries of pain. That concerned me quite a bit. I knew that my
time in there would come... and those cries would be mine. But for now, this was
okay.

The man handed me his coat check stub. I returned quite pleased at my own
efficiency. He stood there with his dick hanging out of his pants. I froze dead
in stride. This was out of my routine, my circle of comfort. I did not budge.

"Well, come on woman!" he quipped. "Surely you know how to give a blow job?"

He just had to be kidding right? Not! "Don't make me call the Mistress."

My heart sank. I fell to my knees in front of him. Maybe I'll just bite it off
for you! I thought to myself. It felt yucky in my hands. No rigidity. No form.
Just an old shriveled dick waiting its demise.

"Yes, Master." I began slithering my tongue around it. My heart filled with
anger as the salty savor passed about my mouth. I had never performed fellatio
on anyone other than Dan. I really resented having to do this. I fought off the
urge to bite down the first time he pushed his nasty cock deeper into my mouth.
He was beginning to respond to my attentions, and that made me angrier.

"Don't you spill a single drop on my pants or I'll come back tomorrow and whip
the shit right out of you."

I gagged as he forced his nasty cock deeper into the back of my throat. I rarely
let Dan come in my mouth, and this pig was demanding - no, threatening me. I
could feel the swelling at the base of his cock. I pressed my lips against him
and prepared to allow his jism to slither down the back of my throat. He was
quick. He was a pig! And I was done. I stood up. He zipped his fly, turned, and
strode out of the door. I didn't feel cheap. How could I? I felt used! I did not
cry. I was far too angry to cry. As I turned about the man with the fifty
reappeared.

"My coat?" He passed me his coat check stub. "Nice to see you still have the
clips on."

He reached over and quickly flicked the first clothes pin from my nipple. It
felt like he was going to jerk the end off. And then came the terrible rush of
blood back into the depressed flesh. Tears burst from my eyes. My knees buckled.
My hand shot up to cover the pain. In another second he ripped the other free. I
staggered up against the wall just to keep my balance. Both hands were gently
cupped about my breasts. Sobs and tears escaped softly.

"There's another fifty in it if you'll beg me to put them back on for the
night."

His stare was just plain mean. I sagged and shook my head no. Enough was enough.
I hurt badly.

"Fine. Here's the fifty." He pinned it to the side of my breast. "Move your
hands woman."

I obliged.

"Stand tall now." His hand moved towards my breast. I withdrew.

"Please, don't, I hurt really bad."

Instantly I knew of my error. He smiled wryly and strode into the lounge. A
moment later he returned with the Head Mistress.

"You have broken two rules and must be punished."

I wept, trembling with fear.

"Come here."

I followed her to the adjacent wall where I discovered a heretofore-unnoticed
ring attached to the wall at about shoulder height.

"Face the wall."

She removed the lock that fastened my nipple chain to the collar about my neck.
She reached it over and fastened it to the wall. I stood attached to the wall by
my nipples.

"Would you administer three lashes per infraction, Master?"

And she passed the crop to the man. The first lashes fell across my bottom. I
yelped loudly and, very unfortunately jumped at the pain. The chain pulled
brutally at my nipples. Both sides burned as the next lash fell. It took all my
concentrated focus to stand still. My ass had purple welts forming. My nipples
and breasts raged in pain. I sobbed uncontrollably as the Mistress released me
from the wall.

"Stand tall, woman."

I stood as best I could. The beast was intent on replacing the pins upon my
burning nipples. I sobbed, but stood tall.

"See that these remain until the end of her shift." he instructed the Mistress.

"Yes, Master."

They left. I cupped my burning breast in each hand and wept. I ached all over
with pain. I struggled with waves of hopelessness. I was not having fun here.
Slowly, painfully I struggled back to my coat closet. Several of the members
were waiting. I had no smile to put on my tear stained face. Any pleasantness
was burning in my ass and breasts. I got their damned coats and wished them
gone.

My first day came to an end an hour or so later. The Mistress came removed my
tips, and the hurtful nipple pins. Dinner was in a small cafeteria like room.
They had a good salad, soup and fish-plate. Though sitting was unpleasant with
my bottom plugged and whipped, it was good to be done with this day. I sat and
ate alone... in silence and despair. I didn't feel like eating much. My stomach
seemed to unsettle as I sat. Soon I stood and walked to my room.

I still had my bed to make. I had to use the bathroom... and I wanted to take a
very hot bath. I starred blankly without moving. A sound from behind startled
me. It was a woman holding keys. In silence, for I truly had nothing to say, she
approached. Each lock was removed. Each leather strap & belt was removed. Each
chain, save that which had been permanently attached to my nipples, was removed.

"Lock up is in one hour. You must clean up before I return." And with out
another word she turned and left. I later learned that some of the 'life choice'
women and a few others with weak ties that had brought low bids at auction were
retained as staff. They were treated well and seldom worked the dungeons. I
removed the plugs from my lower orifices and sat on the bed. My gaze fell upon
the tools of the day. Despair welled tears into my eyes. I missed my family. My
heart was breaking as I thought about my two kids lying asleep in their beds.
This was usually my time with Dan. We would cuddle close and sometimes make
love. And now I wasn't sure I would ever see them again. I struggle with
hopelessness. I just had to believe that Dan could never sell me off. I sobbed.

Still weeping I made my way to the bath. The hot water felt good. I was
exhausted! The terror of this morning's abduction, the horror in the reality of
this place, and the painful discipline of the dungeon had drained me as much as
childbirth. I lay hurting and exhausted... but dared not fall asleep. Being late
for lock up was not an option I wanted to explore! I lathered my body gently.
Carefully I shaved my legs and pussy. I had never even considered shaving my
soft pubic hairs until this day. But I remembered the advice of this morning.
Soon I was glisteningly smooth... and somewhat more relaxed. It hurt to dry my
breasts. My beautiful breasts had been viciously abused today! I held them
gently in the soft towel. As I left the bathroom I realized that I had NO
clothing. I was going to be essentially naked for the next ten days. Well, it
wasn't like I was going to be able to keep anyone or anything away or off of my
body... Then I remembered the thoughts of earlier today. It's not my body
anyway. I made the bed up. I was very tired.

The woman entered only minutes after I lay down. Sleep was already upon me. The
sound of chains started me. "What?" I protested through the sleep in my mind.

"It is time to lock you up again." Deftly she reattached the ankle and wrist
straps. "Please stand."

I obliged wearily. She replaced the neck strap and waistband. The shackle chains
were next. Finally she removed a longer heavy chain from dresser. This she
locked to the wall adjacent to the bathroom and then to my nipple chain. "This
will keep you from trying to escape at night. And should you damage those fine
nipples in an effort to leave, they will attach it to your pussy just as they
have to your breasts." She handed me the chain. Its weight alone could drag my
chest to the floor. I could not imagine trying to escape from this. Pain
avoidance seemed the best idea. "I will wake you for breakfast in the morning.
Before you come down you must replace your plugs and fasten your chastity belt.
The locks are on the dresser. Any questions?"

"What about my family?"

"While you are here, you have nothing. You are owned."

"And tomorrow?"

"After breakfast you will be checked by the Doctor. Then you will be introduced
to your dog. You will scrub his kennel. Feed him. Walk him and spend time with
him. You will not be mated until your third day." I asked nothing else, and she
left. I lay my new shackle upon the bed beside me. Sleep, blessed
unconsciousness befell me almost instantly. The day was done...

* * *

Dan arrived home to a very empty house. He called to his wife several times from
the kitchen. Her car was in the garage, but where was she? Maybe in the back
yard fussing in the garden. He walked out of the kitchen to find the groceries
sitting on the dining table along with several papers and another odd bag. The
bold red stamp on the bill of sale brought recognition to his mind. The next
paper confirmed his suspicions. His wife had been sold and the property
collected on this day. He was confident that she would be returned in ten days.
His lions flush with a spark of excitement just as his heart filled with
loneliness. He already missed her so much! He would have to get the kids from
the babysitters and call in a family leave to work.

Next he picked up the odd bag. Concern spread across his face as he realized
that her clothes were cut apart... must have been cut from her body. Was she all
right? He looked about the house in panic. There were no visible signs of a
struggle. Yet she would not have left the groceries just sitting on the table.
She must have been surprised and take before she got to the kitchen. He stood at
the table fumbling the article of clothing when the baggie fell out. He looked
at it puzzled for a moment. It was hair, obviously hers. But such a small
amount... short and curly... MUFF! They had shorn her snatch! She had been
attacked. Her clothes cut off her body. They had shorn her snatch and taken
their merchandise, his wife. Concern for her safety filled every the whole of
his heart.

He raced to the computer, booted the Internet, and typed in the buyer's address.
The screen flashed the web page. He keyed the buttons.

"Hello, Dan. We have obtained our property from your address while you were out.
It will be returned to you in ten days as per our agreement." Flashed across the
screen. "To put concerns aside pictures of our property will be posted to our
site daily. You may obverse the merchandise in its various daily activities.
Press any key to continue."

Dan pressed a key. The screen blinked. A dozen or so thumbnail photographs began
to appear. Dan clicked on the first. It was a very clear picture of a woman clad
in leathers and chained to an old pillage. The next showed a very similar,
possibly the same woman, walking across a dirt floor wearing a leather hood,
panty, and shackles. The next showed what seemed to be the same woman standing
in a room. The face was definitely that of his wife. She was ball-gagged and
shackled... and her nipples were pierced! A large metal loop passed through each
nipple. Each nipple appeared to be chained to a leather collar about her neck.
Dan's concerns rose. His wife had had no such piercings. The next showed a
woman, his wife with money attached about her body with clothespins. The next,
again his wife was kneeling before a man... She appeared to be performing some
sex act on him... and there seemed to be some kind of a welt horizontally across
her bottom. The next showed her fastened to a wall by the chain through her
nipples with someone whipping her. It was definitely his wife.

He was ill, nausea swept through him. This was not what they thought they had
signed up for! And she was gone, lost to him for the next ten days. Dan
reviewed, down loaded the pictures, and signed off. He had to get the kids. His
head swam. She was all right - kind of. She was there, wherever that was. And
she would be back. He would have to hold onto that.

Dan put the groceries away before calling the babysitter. He would have to
explain her quick trip to the kids. They had planned a paper-link chain for the
kids to count the days as they passed. Dan dialed the babysitter...




DAY TWO

"Good morning. Time to get up. Breakfast in one hour."

I had not moved since sometime last night. I started to sit up slowly. My ass
hurt inside and out. The woman unlocked the chain from the wall to my breasts.
She quickly left the room. Gingerly I arose. I was still here. The nightmare was
all too real. I stood and stretch as best I could, being shackled as I was. I
walked to the bathroom. I had to relieve myself, brush my teeth, and run a brush
through my hair. My eyes were swollen and red from the tears of last night. I
allowed myself to miss my family, my kids and Dan. I needed to love them, to
find strength to hang onto in my family. Then I closeted those emotions. There
was no way I could function in this environment with Dan and the kids on my
mind. My hair brushed slowly...

I was time to suit up long before I was ready. I looked with hatred at my
attire, chains, leathers, and plugs. I even for a fleeting moment considered not
inserting the plugs. No one would know under the leathers. Then I remembered the
Doctor's exam... and the whip from last night. I lubed the butt plug with KY
from the toiletry supplies provided. It was painful. My anus was tender from
yesterday. In a few moments though I had worked the device into place. Next I
inserted the dildo. Retrieving the strap from behind toke more effort than the
plugs. Finally I had the contraption buckled and locked into position. It was
just very uncomfortable! I felt like I was waddling down the hall... Like I was
walking with something stuck up my ass.

The breakfast area was busy. There appeared to be about fifteen woman dressed
about the same as I. I noticed quickly enough the red eyed waddling of the other
abductees from yesterday. The others seemed no worse for wear. There were a few
welts here and there but most of the woman seemed well enough. I took some hope
in that. Either they adjusted to the attire and life style or there was some
difference between them and I. Either way things seemed to get better in time.
No one spoke. A few risky whispers here and there. Breakfast passed... Then came
the Doctor.

Women hate Doctor's visits. And with good reason mind you. This was brief
enough. He examined my piercing and gave me a salve to help with any possible
infections. A five-second look at the tissues around my bottom and I was done.
He commented on how well shaped my breasts were and how pretty my shaved snatch
was. Fairly unprofessional, but then what could some one expect from a place
like this.

I started to walk back to my room when the Mistress appeared. It was time to do
kennel duties. I followed her with great reluctance. We entered an enclosed area
where a number of animals were tended in cages.

"You may choose your mate."

The very words turned my stomach. But I fell immediately in love with the
prettiest black Lab. His eyes were bright and his coat a shiny jet black.

"This one will be just fine."

The Mistress took out a leash handing it to me.

"Follow me."

I attached the leash to his collar. He scampered out of the open door nearly
knocking me over in his vigor. We walked along a concrete path and out into the
warm sun. The Mistress showed me a large enclosed cage. The number on the door
matched the number on my waistband.

"You are in charge of this area. You will feed and water him daily. Every
morning you will walk him and have exercise/play time. You will bathe and groom
him weekly. He must be trained to lick your pussy upon command, and to fuck only
with permission. You will learn to give him hand and oral sex before you leave.
You progress will be monitored. A lack of progress will get you severely
punished. Any questions?"

"When does this begin?"

"Now. You will be mated tomorrow morning under supervision. Tomorrow afternoon
you will mate by yourselves. The training will proceed from there, as you
desire. You progress will be monitored. Now and until lunch you are free to bond
with each other." She snickered. "The honeymoon is today."

I knelt to scratch his ears. "Well, I guess we better get to know each other. I
don't want to sleep with a complete stranger."

He jumped up knocking me back upon my bottom. I corrected him before we strode
off into the play area.

"Ever fetch a stick?" I bent down to fling a stick. That's when I saw one of the
other women being mounted by her Great Dane. He was very large. She guided him
right into herself. He pummeled away. I stood mesmerized. After several minutes
she was coming and screaming praises to her dog. My pussy flushed wantonly...
and embarrassed me. Then she was knotted, tied to the beast. He was so big he
drug her about rather easily. Mine was not so large but I could see that I was
no match strength-wise either. Well, we'll see what we see tomorrow. I tossed
the bone. He fetched it back rather quickly. Then we played keep away... which
he won.

Lunch came and went. I played with my dog. Then groomed him shiny again. It was
time to work the dungeon again. I feared this place. Dread filled my mind as I
walked to the door. Tonight I was simply waitressing the lounge. A few blowjobs
and hours later I had dinner and went to bed. Day two passed without a single
lash. I was tired, but okay. I missed Dan and the kids terribly. Sleep came more
easily...

***

Dan called his wife's work and explained the family emergency. His wife had
flown out suddenly yesterday. He had gotten busy and forgotten to call. He was
sorry and she should be back in ten days or so. He and the kids had hung the
paper-chain next to the refrigerator. This morning they had taken the first link
off... nine days remained. Dan was off to work with the kids in-tow. He would
check the web sight when he got home.

Sure enough there were another dozen or so pictures of his wife. One showed her
sitting at a table apparently eating. Another, frolicking in the sun with a
beautiful black Lab. Then she seemed to be waiting tables with a bunch of people
in leather bondage garb, but then that is exactly what the two of them had
thought they were selling her into. She seemed to be well enough. There were
another few pictures of her performing oral sex on some of the patrons. This
hurt and angered Dan to some degree... and turned him on just a bit too. He was
jealous. They had never been apart in ten years. Though Dan knew that his wife
had been with other partners before they marriage, they had both been faithful
since that first date over tens years ago. Yet, he reasoned you couldn't be in a
sexually oriented compound without sex being involved. So he would just have to
deal with it. She wore the same attire in every photo. She looked good. He
reviewed the pictures for an hour. He missed his wife very much.




DAY THREE

I lingered at breakfast contemplating my fates for the day. Yesterday had passed
quietly without pain or incident. And though I longed to be home I was not
terrified today. Funny thing though, as I contemplated this day with a great
deal of trepidation, I found myself lacking the despair, terror, and confusion
of that first nightmarish day. My body still ached, but even that was feeling
better. I knew that at sometime this morning I would be mated with my knew Lab
and that tonight I had to work one of the dungeon rooms, one day on with one day
off until I left. The images and thoughts were enough to cause considerable
anxiety, but not the panic of two days ago.

The Doctors visit went without much to do. My nipples were healing up just fine,
my bottom becoming accustomed to its environment. I was released to the kennels.
This brought a wave of anxiety sweeping over me. I knew it was entirely
unavoidable and had made my peace with its inevitability... but when no one was
at the kennel. I felt such a great relief.

The Lab was happy to see me. I scratched his ears and tummy. I cleaned up his
kennel pen, got him fresh clean water and food, and sat to curry him. That
didn't seem to appease him much. He wanted to play. So I attached the leash and
escorted him to the play yard. I saw the Mistress waiting as we approached the
play yard.

"I guess you get another kind of play this morning, Bud." I spoke softly bending
down to scratch his ears.

"Follow me." The Mistress spoke flatly. I wanted to scream at her, not for what
she was about to do but for the complete stoic manner in which she approached
the thing. I at least had some emotions about it. As I struggled with my
emotions we entered an out-building. It reminded me of stables. I could see two
men at the far end struggling with one of the woman that had arrived with me,
the blond. She was cursing, refusing to be fucked by some damned dog. I ached
for her foolishness. It was going to happen, period. And now she would get the
lash for her efforts. She disappeared into a room at the far end. Then there was
silence. I followed behind the Head Mistress in silence.

The Mistress stopped in front of a room. I entered. It was small like a prison
cell. A concrete floor with a drain. And a small leather couch/cot raised and
curled at one end. A sink hung from the wall across from the couch. My leather
panty buckles were unlocked and removed. I removed the dildo from my twat. The
butt plug remained. I lay down on my stomach with my hips over the curled end of
the couch, as I was instructed by the Head Mistress. My bottom raised above my
torso in the air. My ankle shackles fastened and locked to the floor. My nipple
chain fastened to the wall in front of me.

"Do you need the ball-gag?" the Mistress asked.

"No, Mistress." With that she removed the dog's leash and stepped outside.

"Come here, Bud. Fuck Mommy. Come here, Bud."

He came up and slurped my face. I scratched his ears. Then gently pressed his
head back toward my waist. With a little effort and guidance from the Head
Mistress he soon found my sex. His cold nose bolted me. His tongue began to
slide across my pussy lips and over my anus. The next pass parted my labia.
Tears filled my closed eyes. I turned my head to the wall. I felt disgusted with
myself. It felt too good. I hated what was happening to my body, and worse the
way it was responding. Bud's paws scratched my back when he mounted me. His cock
felt hot against my wet wanton flesh. I reached my first orgasm just as Bud's
cock found its mark. It was all an orgasmic blur from there until I felt his
knot for the first time. It filled me, pressured me, and orgasmed me out of my
mind. Then there was the hot jism spraying deep inside... and we were tied,
mated. I was surprised at the stimulation I got from being tied. I decided I
would have to hate myself later this just felt too good to ruin. I was hooked.
In that instant I knew some part of me would be a 'Bitch' for the rest of my
life. I was a gooey mess! The Mistress returned after Bud slipped free. I was
released from my restraints and given a cloth to clean up at the sink. Bud was
right there beside me with a silly grin, his tail wagging. I scratched his ears.

"Yeah. Me too!" I cooed at him.

"These will be returned to your room." The Mistress held up my panty strap and
dildo. "You will wear them to the dungeons and at meals."

"Yes, Mistress." She left. I hooked Bud up to his leash and strode onto the play
yard. I still had many issues to resolve. I found the concept of mating with
strangers disturbing. Then somewhere way past that was mating with this dog. I
knew that I had NO choice in these matters at the moment, and could excuse my
behaviors as survival. The problem was that I really was enjoying some of these
things... and I had enjoyed Bud way too much. There was Dan to consider too. He
would have some reaction to all of these things. And I had to hope in the depths
of my heart that his reaction would not be one of disgust... and eventually
accept my sale at auction. I took Bud out to play.

After lunch I took Bud back to the "couch barn" for another good fucking. I
found myself quivering with lustful anticipation as he mounted me. My orgasms
were exhausting. I returned Bud to the kennel to prepare for tonight's work. He
was happy. I was an exhausted bundle of confusion.

Frankly I was very scared about tonight. I was to actually work in one of the
dungeon rooms. Women were assigned to a room where particular events took place.
As I had only waited tables, drinks, and coats I had no real knowledge of what
to expect - except pain. I was instructed to leave my leather panty and plug in
my room. I was instructed to bring my leather hood and ball-gag. I arrived on
time... frankly I just didn't dare to be late. I had seen the bruises from the
riding crop both on my bottom and on several other women's flesh. I was in the
candle room.

There were several large wooden structures in the room about the walls. These
were in the shape of an X with a small bench seat just below center. In the
center of the room was an inclined bench with arms at either end. The Mistress
entered just behind me. I didn't like her. She represented unacceptable
behaviors... and pain.

"Come here woman." She pointed to one of the 'X'.

"Yes, Mistress." I stood before her. She slipped a stool in front of the bench.

"Sit."

I could barely get myself upon it was so small. She immediately fastened the
metal loop of my wrist cuffs to each side of the 'X'. I hung mostly by my arms,
barely able to sit. My legs were spread apart and fastened by the ankles to
opposite side of the 'X'. Another woman walked in. She walked to the other
wooden 'X' and waited. The Mistress walked to the other woman. We were soon both
"seated" and the Mistress left. We sat for what seemed like forever before one
of the male Masters came in.

"Very good! The newbie." It was the brute that had so brutalized my nipples that
first day. I shuddered in panic. I was in trouble tonight!

He uncuffed me and helped me down. My legs wobbled as he lay me out upon the
table. My arms straight out from my sides... my legs spread as far out from my
sides as he could without pulling one of them from its socket.

"Have you ever felt the sting of hot wax?" he asked as he returned from the
cupboard. He was fussing over a fondue like pot.

"No, Master."

"Ever hot waxed your legs?"

"Yes, Master."

"Well, this will be much worse... fell free to express yourself." And with that
he lit a tall dinner candle. The flame rose, then flickered as it set into a
steady burn. My eyes were wide as he turned the candle about. A bead of wax
fell. I watched it like a slow motion film till it hit my tummy. The hotness
really didn't get through the surprise as a stinging sensation shot through my
tummy. Then another and another... It was hot! It hurt... but I held my tongue.
I thought it might do better if I took away his pleasure in my pain. He trailed
dribbles of wax up my tummy and over to my breast. I could not fight off the
pain in my breast as he dribbled circles about each breast. I screamed and
begged. To no avail, as I knew it was the painful cries he sought. I sobbed as
quietly as possible as he approached my head.

"Open your mouth woman." I did as I was told. He placed the lit dinner candle in
my mouth.

"Hold it still and most of the wax will burn off. Move it and it will spill." A
droplet fell upon my tongue. I could not scream in pain. I dare not move. I
closed my lips around the base and waited. He walked to the bottom of the table.
"I have wanted to take you since that first day." And he proceeded to fuck my
pussy. His constant giggling of the table did not allow me to keep the candle
very still. Within minutes my mouth, chin, and cheeks were covered with wax.

When he was finished he brought a plug on a four-foot pole to the table. He
placed this into my cum-stained twat and tied the end solidly between my knees.
He removed the candle from my lips lowering my head almost to the floor.

"Please, Master don't hurt me." I begged knowing that that was exactly what he
wanted me to do, beg for his non-existent mercies. It was purely involuntary,
but I just had to do something. I was scared to death of this man. He took the
small fondue type pot in his hand.

"Now, this will really hurt." He began to pour a slight but steady stream of
liquid paraffin wax directly on to my plugged pussy. I let out a scream that
would curl paint from the walls. Burning pain raged from every nerve ending. The
tendered sensitive areas of the inner thigh, my labia, and ass were covered in
scalding wax. I nearly passed out... my eyes squeezed tightly shut.

"Have a good nap?" He was till there. I was still here. But my pussy didn't burn
like normal burned flesh. In fact I could not feel fire in any of the waxed
areas. I was puzzled. Wax still coated my facial areas so I knew that I hadn't
dreamed this whole thing up. He sat the table up to the horizontal again. With
the fondue pot wax he scalded my navel then each breast. He replaced the candle
in my mouth and lit a large hurricane candle. This he began to dribble/pour over
the whole of my body. It hurt! I brightly conscious of each fiery speck.
Unfortunately this did not take all night. He released me and reattached me to
my 'X' chair. Two other men had come in and were busy working their painful play
upon the other woman. I waited and watched. As it turned out I was waxed twice
more before the evening was done. I WAS TIRED AND I HURT! The night was too long
for fun! I barely though about Dan and the kids as exhaustion over came me in my
room.

* * *

Dan missed his wife more with each passing day. He ached for her to be home. He
fixed dinner for the kids. He found a respite in the time he spent with his
kids. It helped anchor himself... and re-enforced the notion that she would be
home soon enough. He really missed her.

Dan's mouth gapped at the sight of his wife being fucked by this big black Lab.
As he gaped at the computer screen he realized that she was chained over the end
of the couch. But... He was stunned. Then she was tied to it. His stomach
twisted. His anger rose at what they were doing to his wife. No one had said
anything about this to either of them. In the next picture she sat chained to an
'X'. Then some man was fucking her while she was tied to a table. And she was
screaming as wax had been poured about her genitals. She was in obvious pain.
Her body covered in wax.

Dan was steaming mad. He fired an angry e-mail to the address. He waited...
nothing. He was angry at himself, and at this place! He hurt for his wife. He
wanted to rescue her. But nothing returned in the e-mail.




DAY FOUR

I was surprised that the wax had left no blisters. It had seemed so burning hot
upon my skin. I shaved my body smooth. Then filled my bottom with its plugs and
set off to breakfast. I was off today. I had my time with Bud. Then it was
recovery day. The day after working a dungeon room was for recovery. I worked in
the lounge, kitchen or laundry, etc. but it was my day off. I needed it too.
Emotionally I was spent. My body was tired. I found myself trying to wish Bud
away. I didn't want to deal with anything. And though 'doing Bud' felt good
enough the 'thought' of doing Bud was quite another matter. I walked to the
kennel slowly. It was not what I wanted to do today! But then that really didn't
matter much to the situation. Bud was glad to see me...

Dan was fixated with the pictures. There was nothing but his wife frolicking
with this black Lab, and him fucking her. He was mesmerized... but relieved that
she was in no particular pain today.




DAY FIVE

The routine was pretty much set in place by now. I was just counting the days
off. Today I was half way done.

"You must teach Bud to lick and not just to fuck." The voice of the Mistress
brought me back to this bizarre reality.

"Yes, Mistress. Today." What the hell did I care! So I will teach him to lick my
pussy - Then he can fuck me... I was passed giving a crap about what they did to
me. I couldn't do anything about it anyway!

It was dungeon day again. I drew duty at the torture room. I felt dread fill me.
The idea of torture felt over powering. And so far nothing that had happened to
me was less than extreme. I knew I would be hurt tonight. That just scared me!

I walked to the room and awaited the mistress. There was the familiar wooden 'X'
frames around the room. Soon enough I was seated, chained to the frames, and
awaiting someone to inflict pain. That did not take long. It never did. The
masters either began or terminated their abuse with a fucking. I had been fucked
more in the past five days than I had been in the past five months! I had sucked
more cocks in five days than I had in the past five years. This one waited...

"Ever ridden a horse?"

"Yes, Master." I answered, remembering the large animals of my youth.

"Good. Then you'll recognize the rhythm." He tied my arms behind my back from
the wrists to the elbows. I stood in silence. He presented at sawhorse with a
smooth pointed top edge.

"This is your mount tonight. Mount up."

I stepped over the center. He adjusted the leg height until it was pressing firm
into my pubic bone. Then he strapped my ankles to the legs of the sawhorse. He
positioned another woman about four feet in front of me. Her eyes open wide in
panic as the centerboard pressed into her labia. Another Master showed up. He
began looping a rope around my tits. With each loop it pulled tighter. Within
several long minutes the other woman and I sat facing each other with our
breasts bound up in ropes. I could see her breasts taking on a purplish hue.
From the burning my breasts I was sure I appeared the same. I stood. Sitting
upon the pointed board was uncomfortable though I knew that all too soon that is
where I would be. In another few minutes the tag end of both ropes were fed
through a pulley system suspended from the ceiling. I looked up and began to
worry. One of the men clipped a chain on to my nipple chain and the to the other
woman's nipple chain. Any tugging by one or the other or both of us would pull
hard upon both of our nipple piercings. She began to whimper. I felt a knot at
the bottom of my stomach. Then each Master took the end of a clamp attached to a
short length of rope. I began to tremble as he fumbled around my labia. I
trembled in fear as he attached the clamp to my clit. I yelp at the instant and
intense pain that shot through my loins and thighs. Tears began to roll down my
cheeks. The other woman startled me as she cursed and screamed in pain. I felt a
tugging, lifting, pulling upon my breasts. The burning in my groin had
completely distracted me. I was being hoisted from the ground by the rope around
my breasts. I was terrified as my toes cleared the ground. I caught the look in
the eyes of the other woman. She began to thrash.

" Oh, God, NO!" I could barely utter the sound as I began to feel the pain of
her thrashing about. It ripped at my nipples and shot fire through my pussy.

"NO!" I screamed! "Hold still!"

Somehow she began to coordinate the pain and her thrashing about. Slowly she
began to calm down. Tears flowed freely. Relief was replaced by simple pain as
we both hung several inches from the ground. I felt myself begin to lower. The
ground touched my toes, then the balls of my feet. I could only just support the
weight of my body from hanging by my breasts. I stopped. My breasts ached. My
nipples hurt. My clit was on fire. My head spinning with confusion and pain. I
watched as the other woman was lowered just as I had been.

I felt the weight of my own body upon my toes. My feet hurt. My toes began to
tire. I could relieve the pressure and pain of my breasts only by standing on my
tiptoes. I sagged slightly to relieve the stress in my feet. I literally hung by
my tits! The stress and pain in my chest was worse than that in my feet. I
rested very briefly. Then struggled to my tiptoes.

I watched as they adjusted the centerboard more upward, deeper into and against
the other woman's twat. I was next. At first I assumed that this would aide in
resting my feet and/or the hanging by my breasts. I was so wrong. The board was
only uncomfortable at first... Then after time I discovered that its edges were
much worse than the pain of hanging. So I stood.

Whack! I watched in utter horror as a small crop crashed against her bottom. She
screamed in pain. Her immediate response was purely a reflex. She jumped away.
She flung her hips forward. Her torso pulled back. My nipples scream as the
chain pulled abusively. She crashed her twat hard upon the board. As she
struggled to her toes she pulled hard on the clamps connecting our clits. Damn
her! I knew she was in pain... but God how she was hurting me! I also knew that
I was next.

Whack! I staggered but vowed to hold my balance. Whack! I staggered again. I
screamed in pain. I fell hard upon the board. Its edges bit deep into my twat. I
cried. I struggled to hold my own.

Whack! She screamed and jumped again. My nipples raged. My clit burned. Damn
her! Whack! Damn her! I screamed in pain and sat down hard. With another few
lashes my pussy hurt more on the board than my tits did from the hanging. She
passed out momentarily.

The terror, the pain, the very lashes themselves removed the ability from my
legs to support my body. That's when I began to ride their horse. Up, and my
legs cramped painfully. Down, and I hung by my tits forcing the smooth pointed
edge of their horse into the tender delicate flesh of my twat. The pain
immediately forcing me to my aching feet... And so on. I literally beat up my
own pussy on their horse. When the other woman recovered she too began her ride.
She... I... We pleaded and begged. It seemed to go on for hours though I'm sure
it was much less. In the end my feet simply would not support me any longer. As
painful as it was I simply collapsed upon the 'horse', hanging there by my tits,
exhausted and in pain. After several minutes of stillness the Masters released
me.

"One hour - ten." The one Master spoke cheerfully. "That's the longest ride this
month. She's some kind of a Mare. Bet I could make some money with this one."

"So you going to bid on her?"

"I might. She could pay for herself in six months. Then she's all profit!" Good
Lord NO, I screamed through the fuzzy pain in my head. Surely I won't have to
endure this just to turn a profit! I could barely move as they strapped me to
the table. His cock parted my battered pussy. I cried, simple sobs of defeat and
pain.

The Doctor examined both of us after we were released from their horse ride.
Neither of us had sustained any real damage. My pussy was red, inflamed from the
battery. But I was not done for the night. I was simply hung from my 'X' seat.
The next Master was none the better.

I remained seated in my 'X' frame. I was strapped in tightly. I was gagged form
silence. He extracted a long hatpin from an alcohol vile. This, he proceed to
press against the outside of my breast. It was sharp. It pricked painfully. My
eyes bulged wide as I watched an indentation form at the apex. Then I felt the
pressure lightened, the indentation slackened. The hatpin began to disappear
inside my breast. It burned as it passed through the flesh. I felt a prick
against the opposite side of my breast. I could see a tent pole effect expanding
with the pressure. A tip of steel began to protrude from the inside. A trickle
of blood escaped the edges of the steel pin. He extracted another hatpin and
began at the bottom of my breast. Within several minutes three or four pins
protrude from each breast.

Another Master began where he had ended. Clothes pins! He began just above my
knee on the inside of my thigh. One, then another, then another, less that 1/2
inch apart they were attached... upward toward my tender, bruised vulva. And
soon the vulva, labia, clit, and the opposite thigh were lined with pins. The
pain was replaced by a continuous burning piercing my navel, expanding upwards
through every muscle of my body.

And yet another Master began to press 11/2 inch pins against the flesh of my
breast, much the same as with the hatpins. Only these failed to find the other
side. Tiny steel lances pieced my flesh, a dozen or more per side. My body
ached, wracked with pain and burning sensations. I wept in silence, my eyes
closed. I refused to watch what was happening to my body. I was these three
men's pincushion. And for a final touch he pressed the last two down through the
center of my nipple. The nipple fiber is hard. He pressed hard. The point of the
first lance hit the piercing ring. A wiggle and it slipped to the side. My
breasts hurt! My pussy hurt! They left!

The three Masters returned some time later. I was still hanging on the 'X' seat
tending to their needles and pins. Another man followed carrying a small medical
type bag. I watched as they pointed to my midsection and talked amongst
themselves. One of the Masters stepped forward and began to remove the
clothespins. Only a few about my labia remained. Then the new Master opened his
bag to set up shop. My eyes bulged again. I shook my head no and yelled through
the ball-gag. He looked at me and smiled wryly. He was the piercing man. In the
next thirty minutes or so I was neatly fitted with two labia rings, one per
side, and a navel ring. Great! Just fucking great! I watched as the mad-pinner
removed his little lances, and the creep with the hatpins tugged his free. My
breasts were swabbed with alcohol. I screamed in anger more than pain.

Soon after they were done the Doctor came in. My new piercings were examined. My
breasts were examined. I was released and sent to my room. I was done for the
evening. I was furious! I stormed back to my room. I examined my body in the
mirror. It was still in very good condition. My breasts had a few specks from
the pinpricks; a tiny bruise was forming from one of the hatpins. These fucking
hurt to touch! But really did not look bad. My navel ring had a tiny red stone
at the center. Frankly I think it looks pretty good. But what pissed me off were
the labia rings. I wasn't sure how they would work with my sex life. But then I
suppose I would find out here all too soon. I showered and got ready for bed. My
Mistress appeared to chain me to the wall for the night.

* * *

Dan went straight to the computer. He had a woody even before he sat down. He
blushed a bit from simply being embarrassed at his reactions. But then this was
his wife he was going to be watching in all these sexually explicit pictures.
And that really turned him on. It really wasn't like he was surfing the porn of
the Internet.

The first several were of her with her Lab. She was playing with him in the
yard. She was stroking the sheath around his dick. He was fucking her. Dan's
dick was hard as stone.

The next set was of the dungeon. These were the ones that tormented him the
most. He really liked seeing her get sucked, fucked, and abused... but he felt
really conflicted because he loved his wife and really hated to see her being
abused in this manner. Problem was that it turned him on.

The sawhorse was a puzzle. Without real time action it was impossible for Dan to
appreciate the nature of her 'Ride'. But he could see her literally hanging by
her tits! And then attached to the other woman at the nipple and twat! He could
appreciate the crop landing upon their flesh. And the screaming at the tension
in the nipple and clit lines. And he could fully appreciate the cock
disappearing into her swollen twat!

The whole needle-pin thing found him a bit queasy. The needles and pins
protruding from her flesh really didn't turn on Dan. He was much more concern
about her safety. But then the labia piercing? What a turn on! He nearly came in
his pants. And the navel jewel was just down right sexy. He turned the computer
screen off. It was late... and Dan needed to find some release from his sexual
tensions.




DAY SIX

I was sore when I awoke. My breasts ached. My pussy just plain hurt. The night
chain had not been used last night. I arose and staggered to the shower. The
warm water felt good upon my back. There was still a faint trace of the lash
upon my firm thighs and calves. The water colliding with the flesh of my breasts
hurt. There were only very slight pin spot. The hatpins had left a small round
bruise. I lathered them gently. My pussy just plain hurt from the pummeling of
the horse ride... and the piercing too! I stepped out and patted my body dry. I
stood in front of the mirror for several long minutes inspecting and admiring.

I looked good, sexy, no; I looked great. I liked the shiny chain that swayed
from the firm protruding nipples. The red of the navel jewel flashed in the
light of the room. And as I turned about the labia ring clinked together. My
pussy was smooth glistening in the light. A reflection of light sparkle off of
the rings between my legs. I like the picture before me. But I did hurt.

"Yeah, girl!" I complimented myself out loud.

I found myself relieved at the prospect of the day off. The dungeons seemed to
wear long. But then I kind of like all the sucking, fucking, and intense sexual
sensations I found there too. It was just a bit over whelming at the same time.

Carefully I dressed for breakfast. I was considerable more tender than I had
been since the first day I arrived. I sat gingerly, quietly, and ate.

The Doctor was next. He took his time examining me. And his exam of the labia
rings was more than borderline finger banging. I flushed warm at his
examination. I was embarrassed by the moisture I knew he sensed. He continued
until I had a small discrete orgasm.

"You'll need to keep these piercings very clean for the next several weeks. Was
every time you visit the kennel and after every shift."

"Yes, Master." I carefully replaced my things and left to get a Bud. I had
changed a lot in the passed week.

* * *

Dan too was getting the feel for things. One day on, one day off. He did not
expect too much from the computer screen tonight. But then he could at least SEE
his wife. He missed her very much. She did not seem any worse for wear. She
looked happy as she played with her Lab in the yard. They mated. Dan smiled and
closed the computer for the evening.




DAY SEVEN

Today was dungeon day. I felt a sense of dread. Even though it was fun, it was
always much more than I really wanted. Kind of like a cup of ice cream v. two
gallons of ice cream. That kind of too much! I cleaned up, shaved my twat
smooth, and diddled my labia rings. A smile curled along my lips. The rings were
not as sore as they were yesterday.

I dressed and went to breakfast. The Doc gave me a clean bill of health. I felt
alive today! It was fun to play with Bud. He was learning the commands quiet
well. I was just enjoying myself. Lunch and more time with Bud. Then it was time
for the dungeon.

I was to be in the whips, ropes, and chains. Well, now, that could only be a
tough as the pins and needles, right? As it turned out it was no where near a
difficult. It was almost easy. I am fairly flexibility still. So the ropes and
bindings really only stretched the limits of my flexibility. I was tied this way
and that. One foot up, one foot down. My tits were lassoed and a rope pulled
tightly through the crack in my bottom and up my twat. I was tied and hung by my
tits. But too late, been there done that, so I knew I would survive.

I was fucked twice and had one Mistress sit upon my face until I satisfied her.
Not been there nor done that. Though it was my first pussy it really wasn't that
bad... and I was good. She was screaming with pleasure in only a minute or two.
Then I bit her clit for fun! She yelped and returned the favor. Actually this
was a fun night.

Then the whipping began. I hated the whips. For a week I had done everything
anyone asked just to avoid the whips. They hurt! And I hated it! This was from a
Mistress. She knew the female body! I was suspended upside down from the 'X'
seats. She began with a short length of rubber tubing across my bottom. Gently
but stinging lashes progressing down each thigh. My skin was a tingle with a
stinging sensation. Next she began just below the knee lashing out more firmly
towards my upper thigh. By the time she reached my tender twat she was
approaching a full swing. Each lash brought a scream of agony. It no longer
tingled of stinging. It stung in pain. Then there were two full swinging lashes
directly across my pussy. I howled in pain, tears streaming down my face. She
paused for a few minutes. I regained my composure. She returned from the lounge
only to begin on the other thigh. I begged and pleaded. She cooed and laughed,
and flogged my tender thighs. She left me hanging upside down after a full
minute of pussy whipping. I sobbed until I could barely remain conscious.

Then she returned with a cream, salve, or lotion of some sort. She began to
caress, oil, and massage the striped flesh. In a few minutes I was writhing in
ecstasy to her tender touch. She retrieved a vibrating dildo and began to
address my wanton pussy. She was gentle, methodic, tender... I came slowly to a
very powerful orgasm. She was relentless. I came three times before she released
me to an upright position. Then we kissed long and passionate while she fingered
my twat. I cupped her tits and squeezed them through her leather halter-top.
They were large, firm. She laid herself down on the bench and beseeched me to
her pussy. I obliged. Her came almost violently. I was ecstatic at her pleasure.
It was sad to see the night end...

* * *

Dan was a stone statue as he starred at the pictures for the day. He thumbed
through the pics. He had seen the Lab so many times that he just scanned them
through barely evening noticing them at all. He studied the knots that suspended
her from the ceiling, chuckled at her standing on one foot. His dick nearly
exploded as she was fucked the second time. He saved to his 'Special File' the
one where she was hoisted from the ground by her tits.

He froze stone solid at the woman seated upon her face. He perused the whipping
and saved a pussy lash or two. Then he stopped and stared at his wife's
attention to this Mistress. His heart stopped cold as his trembling fingers
barely fingered the keyboard. His dick exploded in his pants instantly merging
reality and fantasy. He was embarrassed! SAVE! Save! Save.... He was going nuts
without her home!




AUCTION DAY - 8

Today was auction day for several other women, as well as myself. One of the
women that had arrived with me was already at auction. She sold for $19,550.00.
Another was a 'Life Choice'. And three more had been there for several weeks
before I got there. The next up was the 'Life Choice'. It auction lasted about
an hour. She sold at $21,225.00. There was some really big money being tossed
around today. My stomach knotted and twisted as the Mistress reach for me.

I was lead to a stage, and chained to the floor by my ankles. I looked out into
a darkened room. No one was there. How can they have an auction with no one
there to bid? I looked at a small camera. Several spotlights illuminated the
stage. I squinted and looked about the room. I could see two more cameras. At
the far end of the room was an LED billboard. Posted was my invoice number. I
had come to recognize it. I stood staring at the camera in front of me. It
pivoted. The lens protruded and readjusted. My eyes were adjusting to the
spotlights so I could see slightly better now.

The billboard flickered, $8000.00 appeared next to my invoice number. My heart
pounded in my chest. Some small fragment of misguided prided wanted to see an
outrageously large number... but I knew how utterly imperative it was to have a
reasonably small figure. No need to tempt the fates or Dan! $8500.00. I knew
that at least one Master would bid on me for his 'horse races'. I feared him
most because for him I was not a pleasurable possession but a profitable
purchase, and as such he would recover his price at my expense. $9000.00...
$9500.00... $11,000.00... $13,500.00.

My hands were cold and clammy. I was sweating large beads of sweat. My skin was
cold. My knees felt weak. My throat was parched this was not good, not good at
all! There was just too much money being bid. I feared for myself. My mind
yearned for my kids. My heart cried for faith in Dan.

The billboard had not changed from an even $16,000.00 in almost a full minute. I
heard someone behind me. Several of the Mistresses were dragging a kennel couch
toward me. The Head Mistress appeared from the dark.

"Remove the chastity belt and your plugs."

She unlocked the locks. I unbuckled and slipped the various leathers and toys
from my body. I felt more than just naked. After a week my body felt empty from
inside. My navel jewel glowed red in the light. My labia rings glimmered. And
though I was alone again I knew I was on display. Though I wished for some
particle of modesty I knew how utterly trite the very effort was. I stood
tall... and very still. I could hear cameras move, lenses focus and refocus. The
billboard flickered. My heart sank as it displayed $17,000.00. Dan would have a
very difficult time with these numbers. My trust began to falter. $18,500.00 it
paused again. I remembered the words of the Master from the horse ride... I
could earn that much back in six months. Then I heard to scratching pads of
Bud's paws coming across the stage floor. My heart sank deeper.

I knew what was expected of me. I scratched Bud's ears. He was very happy to see
me. We had not yet been together today. I had thought that this was do to the
auction. But I was wrong. It was for the purpose of the auction. I bent over the
couch for comfort. Bud sat awaiting my call. I gave the command to lick as I
patted my bottom. He approached giddily. His tongue felt good as it snaked along
my twat. After my first orgasm I gave another command. Bud mounted me from
behind. I looked at the billboard another number had appeared below mine,
$1200.00. My heart raced as Bud's paws found my back, then slipped down to my
hips. $19,000.00... $19,500.00... $19,750.00. Bud thrust several times before
find my twat. I closed my eyes. I was a goner. Dan would never hold out at over
twenty. I had who knows how many people watching me get fuck by this big black
Lab. I was filled with despair... Fuck It! I hunkered down to put on a show. I
really got into Bud's fucking and I let everyone know! If I was going to be
bought then someone was damned well going to pay a bundle. As Bud finished I
reached between my legs and found my clit. In moments I exploded into another
quivering orgasm. I could feel Bud turn his bottom to me. I turned to the
camera. I licked my lips with a dry tongue while fondling my visible breast. The
billboard fluttered to $25,750.00... $26,000.00...$26,250.00... Then paused...
and finally stopped at $26,550.00. Bud was at $1750.00. I waited and watched...
A large red SOLD flashed across the screen. I had been sold! Bud was gone too. I
knew that Dan could never pass up those dollars. My heart sank. I began to cry.
I would not see my husband and kids again for a long time. I could not hate Dan.
I was just heart broken.

The Head Mistress came and removed my shackles from the floor.

"Follow me."

I swiped my tears dry. She handed me a towel to clean up with. I obliged and
staggered after her. We entered a room just off the stage. This was where I had
been shackled and pierced just over a week ago.

"Well, Missy we don't see too many with a sales price like this. Lay down,
please."

The Doctor walked in as I lay there. I could feel cum oozing from my twat. I
really didn't care though. The head mistress began to strap my arms, legs, and
torso down tightly. What now? I couldn't move an inch. Breathing was a little
difficult. The man stroked his hand gently across my pubic mound. I lifted my
head to see what he was up to. Oh, God! I wished I hadn't looked.

The rod glowed red. Then it darkened to black. It smoked slightly. I could feel
the heat radiate from it when it was still several inches from my skin. It
seared deep into my flesh! My skin raged in burning pain... then nothing... then
only a burning aching. I felt two more red hot rods leave their mark before I
passed out. I had forgotten about being branded with the company marks and sales
price!

I awoke in my room. Salve attended the pain upon my mound. A Mistress attended
my needs. I hurt!

"Hold as still as you can. It will clear up substantially in the next day or
two."

I lay quietly.

"Can I have a glass of water?"

She stood to fetch it for me.

"How much was it? I have heard rumors... and the price will not be clear for a
week or so."

"$26,550.00. I think."

I struggled up right to sip my water.

"Wow. I was less than half that. And your husband has refused to settle... you
must be something real special."

"What? What was that about my husband?"

"He has refused to settle. Or at least that's the talk. But then they've got
till two more days to talk him into it."

My heart jumped at the news. Dan had held out for me! I was not someone else's
property. I was Dan's wife... and a mother to my kids. I began to sob with the
joy of the news. This was the first real hope I had in the past week that I
would soon be back home.




DAY NINE

I hurt from the branding iron. Bud was gone. I was a bit at odd ends. I paced
about then got ready for breakfast. Today was my last day by my count. That at
least was something to take heart in. I was still very worried about Dan and the
money.

"There will be some new arrivals this afternoon. You will be helping." The voice
of the Head Mistress startled me. I had not noticed her standing at the doorway.

"Yes, Mistress."

"You'll be working the lounge tonight. We are negotiating with your husband over
a final price. You've been a good investment."

"Has he agreed to the sale?" I was stunned.

"Not yet, but we are still confident." She turned and left. I felt like someone
had knocked the air right out of my chest. Surely Dan wouldn't sell me off!

I went to breakfast. I had no appetite. I diddled and finally gave it up. I
wandered about until I found myself at the laundry. I busied my self there. At
least it was something to do...

After lunch I returned to my room. The newbies began arriving during the early
afternoon. Seldom did they receive more that eight at any given time. Today six
arrived, one at a time. I reflected on the terror of my abduction... and that
first day. It was horrifying, and painful. The Head Mistress assembled one
Mistress for each newbie at the receiving room. We waited in silence. After
fifteen minutes or so we were directed to the newbies. I found one that appeared
particularly frightened and removed her gag. She sputtered. The question and
answer period went just as I remembered it. The shock on the newbie's face said
all that one could about the realities that had just been set upon them.

"Follow me. I whispered." And replaced her ball-gag. She stumbled after me. I
found her room just down from mine.

"Is what they said real?" she asked after we entered her room.

"Every word of it." I smiled remembering that very question. It must be part of
the orientation to this place. I removed the locks about her loins. She just
stood shaking.

"It will be alright." I tried to be reassuring. "You can survive this, and then
it's really not so bad."

"But the whole idea of really being sold is so... primitive!" she stammered.
"And if they think I'm going to fuck some damn dog..."

"Not only do they think so, but you will. And you'll enjoy it too," I said
remembering my feelings and the Bud I lost. "And you will do everything that is
asked or be whipped into it. They own you and your body in ways you can not even
imagine right now."

"Were you sold?" she said as she turned away for a bit of modesty as she removed
the toys.

"Leave the butt plug as long as you can. It will help in the end." We both burst
out laughing at the stupid pun. "My husband is holding out."

"I'm sure mine will, without question." She stood.

"Don't be too sure. I've seen most of the women sold. Only a few go home."

Her eyes steeled against the tears. The puffiness about them betrayed her day so
far.

"How long have you been here?" she asked.

"Nine days today. I leave tomorrow. How 'bout you?"

"I've got thirty days. We took $1500.00 from these animals."

"Greed. Well this will cure you of that!" I was surprised at the amount. Dan
could have taken much more. I was glad that he only took just what he needed for
the tennis bracelet... and not one day more! She began to cry again. I held her
for several long second after she regained her composure.

"I, we really didn't need the money either. I just wanted the trip. And now I
may pay much more for it than it was ever really worth." She shuddered.

I reviewed the schedule paper with her and left. I figured that she would be one
of those beaten several times before she got the message. And thirty days, well,
she'd get plenty used to it by then. But then again she'd earn enough in tips to
cover several unnecessary trips.

I went to the lounge for my shift. I didn't my working the lounge. I had grown
accustomed to the tips pinned to various places about my body. I didn't mind the
fellatio after I'd had a drink or two. And tonight my ass was off limits due to
the branding.

"I bid a bundle on you." It was the Master with the 'Horse Ride'. I smiled. "I
gave out at 22. To rich for my blood."

Thank the Lord for that! "Has your man settled up yet?"

"No, Master." I was safe so far as I knew.

"Good man. I don't mind loosing to your man, but, well, it's a matter of pride
in my stables you understand. Tell him he's getting one of the best 'riders' and
fucks I've ever had."

"He knows, Master." I assured him. I am going the make sure he never forgets
that either! He tossed a $100 bill on the table.

"I give you one of those for each ride if you come back." He goaded me.

"Thank you, Master." I lifted the bill and smiled. Fat chance... but then who
knows, I might just to break up the boredom.

"Now suck my dick," he ordered. I smiled and complied without a word.

My shift went quick and easy. I knew the routine and was comfortable with it. It
was late. I was tired. My heart raced as I sat upon my bed. I was going home
tomorrow. I thought of Dan. My heart yearned for my kids. I wanted to hold them
close. I heard sobs in the silence. My heart felt for that poor soul... but I
was going home. Sleep was difficult but came in time...




PAID IN FULL

By my count this was the tenth day. My time was up. I was excited at the
prospect of going home. The Head Mistress appeared in my room just after
breakfast.

"We have negotiating a higher percentage with your husband. Twenty-six thousand
is a lot to walk away from. We are prepared to pay to your account the sum of
twenty thousand dollars. With tips to-date that will bring your total to
$23,347.00. Your sale will be final & your husband notified immediately."

"I don't think so. I want to go home." I was really annoyed that they though I
might really volunteer for this nightmare.

"Consider carefully my Dear. We offered $15,000.00 to Dan at the time of
auction. He turned us down flat. We have upped the offer twice each day. Last
night we offered him $20,000.00. He has yet to decline. If he deals you get
nothing." My anger flared wildly. Even Dan had his limits...

"How dare you! I am not an object to be sold. I am a human being!" I yelled at
her for the first time since I had arrived.

"That is exactly what you are until your time with us is up. We own you. We own
your body. We can and will do with them as we wish. Have you forgotten?" She
spoke flatly.

"No, Mistress. I have not." I only needed to be reminded of my true position.
"But I must trust Dan." My future was in his hands now. This life was not going
to be my choice. I wanted my husband and kids back!

"I will return after lunch. If we do not hear from him by that time you will be
shipped to your new owner and a check made out to Dan." She left. I sat on the
bed in utter despair. Tears began to well up in my eyes. My heart sank. My mind
raced over the events of the passed ten days, the pictures Dan must have been
sent. Why would Dan even wait to respond? The money of course... and maybe he
just didn't want a well used, dog fucking bitch back. And if he went to work to
think about it I would be gone before he did respond. Sobs began to fill the
air. Time stood still. It did not crawl by. It just stopped for me. Each second
was etched in paralyzing misery. I sat absolutely immobile.

The blond woman that had arrived with me stopped by soon after the Head Mistress
left. She had been crying too. She sat on the end of the bed. Her head hung low.

"You too?" she asked.

"I don't know yet. You?" I starred at her.

"Yes. My husband sold me to these monsters." She sobbed again. "They offered him
$12,000 and he took it. Just like that! Not even a word to me." She sobbed
again. "I feel so abandoned... helpless." She sobbed.

"Dan is considering..." I sat unable to continue. "When...." not able to finish
the question.

"Next Friday. I go to someplace in South America. To run some guys breeding
kennels. I'm not going to be a wife and mother. I'm going to be some dogs bitch
for the rest of my life." She sobbed uncontrollably. One of the other women was
being shipped to San Francisco later today. She was going to work in a Bondage
House. Another had been shipped two days ago to Europe to become someone's
Mistress. This was the least appealing sale I had heard of in the ten days I had
been here.

My heart was breaking for her. Yet my own fears mounted. She stood and left the
room. I sat starring into the twilight light zone in utter silence...

The presence of the Head Mistress alerted me that I must have sat through the
lunch hour. I looked up. My eyes were swollen, crusty from tears.

"He declined our last offer only moments ago. Follow me and you will be returned
immediately." My heart beat harder than I have ever felt it. I thought my chest
would explode. Tears long since spent returned freely. I followed in silence.

I was at the back of a step van in moments. I expected some sort of clothing. I
was wrong. I was loaded into the back in nothing more than my leather chastity
belt, gauze to protect my brand, plugs in my bottom; the ball gag fitted, and
shackles about my ankles and wrists. Just as I had spent the last ten days. A
leather hood was fastened about my head. I was placed in the pillage. I heard
the door close, the motor start, and we began to move forward. Relief replaced
the fear and terror of the last ride in this van. We drove about for what seemed
like hours before we came to a stop.

I heard the door to the van's over head door open, someone walking, the pillage
opened. I stood, still hooded I could see nothing. Someone helped me down from
the van. I was not afraid this time. He led me forward. I was going home...

"Stand still, woman," the man said. He removed my wrist shackles. "Place your
hands behind your back."

I did as I was told. He fastened the wristbands together behind my back. Next my
ankle shackles were removed. "Feet together."

He fastened one ankle closely to the other.

"Step forward."

There was a wooden pole between the arch of my feet. My forehead pressed upon
the pole. It was uncomfortable. I felt something pinching, tugging at my right
nipple. I felt a sharp prick against the upper part of the aureole. My mind
struggled to comprehend what I was feeling, a splinter maybe. No it was to the
outside away from the pole. An involuntary shudder ran through my spine. The
sound and vibration told me that something was being driven into the pole. Pain
flamed in my breast. The pole vibrated through my skull where it met the pole.
My breast was fastened, nailed to the pole. In another instant a prick at the
bottom of the aureole, whump, and it was done. Then the pinching, tugging on the
left side...

"Your husband will receive directions to retrieve you as soon as I call in. He
will arrive in an hour or so if he can follow instructions well. That is if no
one else finds you first." And he left. He left me there half-naked, nailed to a
post. It was dark under the hood. I could not see. My nipples hurt. I had no
idea where I was. Suddenly I became very afraid. I strained to hear any sound.
There was nothing, no motors, no voices, nothing. I stood. I had no choice. This
was perfect. I was abducted in terror and returned in fear and pain...

I heard the engine first. Then the rattling rumble of tires over rocks and
debris. The engine shut off. A door closed. Footsteps approached from behind.

"Honey, is that you?" It was Dan's voice. Tears welled up in my eyes. I shook my
head.

"What have they done to you?" He unzipped the hood. He ran his fingers through
my hair. It felt so good to have him touch me. He removed the ball-gag. My eyes
began adjusting to the light of day. My jaws ached. Dan undid my wrists. Next he
released my ankle shackles. It would have felt good to be free save that I dared
not move about due to the tacks through my breasts. They were thin upholstery
nails.

"Oh, Honey it's so good to see you!" I sobbed with joy and relief. Dan returned
from the car with the small hammer that I use to hang pictures. "I was afraid I
might never see you and the kids again."

"They said I would need a hammer to take you home, but I had no idea..." He
fumbled dropping the hammer. "Maybe you better. I don't want to hurt you." I
reached about the pole with one hand. Pressing the breast to the pole I tugged
at the head of the nails. They can loose rather easily and slipped out of the
flesh of my breast easily with only a droplet of blood. As the last nail slipped
free I nearly jumped into Dan's arms. It felt so good to be held. I felt safe
again, finally.

There was a passbook; a savings passbook tacked to the pole above my head. I
took it down. The balance read $3, 347.00. Well they had returned me with the
money I had earned. I didn't know whether to be angry or grateful. The money
represented a great deal of pain, trauma, sex and pleasure. I had earned it. It
was mine. And it was a pretty fair amount of money.

"Let's get you dressed." Dan held my hand as we walked to the car. "Are you
okay?"

"Oh, yes. I was so scared that you'd take the money."

"No chance!" Dan squeezed my hand.

"Not even at the end?" Dan paused as we walked to the car.

"No, not really. They kept upping the ante... but there was never really a
question." I was so elated. Tears rolled down my cheeks.

"They offered me twenty and told me you were considering their offer. I almost
accepted out of fear that you might, well, you know... that's a lot of money."
We stood in silence. "I'm glad I trusted you."

"Me too," was all Dan said.

I began to unbuckle my leather chastity belt. I removed each piece and tossed
them into the trunk. Finally I stood quite naked. The burns from my branding not
yet healed, a fuzz beginning to grow. Dan stared for a moment.

"I was branded with my sales price. It says $26,550. That's what you paid to get
this body back... and it's was one of the highest sales prices this year." I
boasted. I stepped into my panties. Gently I slipped on my jeans.

"Does that come off?" Dan asked looking at the chain between my nipples. I ran
my finger along its length. I had become accustomed to its weight and presence.

"Not in this life time. It is welded, tempered, stainless steel." It felt
awkward to fasten my bra about the chain and piercings. I had not worn one in
ten days. My breasts were sore from the nails but I had grown used to dealing
with soreness and pain. I pulled on my blouse. I looked almost normal again.

Dan looked quizzically at me. "You look the same... yet seem somehow different."

"How much did they tell you?" I asked as I put on my shoes and socks.

"Nothing... just the pictures everyday."

"Well, they would pretty much tell the tale." I winced as I though about the
tale they had told. I swung my feet into the car and closed the door.

"Wow, that had to be tough on you." Dan said as the door closed. He walked to
the other side of the car. The engine started. Dan backed up and started down a
dirt road.

"Where are we?"

"North of town... Where were you?"

"I don't know. I was hooded and closed in a van. They drove around for hours."

"Was everything real? I mean, well, you know..." I closed my eyes leaning back
into the seat in reflection.

"Yes, very real."

"Was it bad?"

"Not too. You get used to it mostly. What was the hardest part was knowing that
someone else owned me... and that they own my body too. I had no choice in what
they did with my body or me. They made real sure I knew it too!"

"Is there anything you want?"

"To sleep in my own bed... and a black Lab." I paused, my eyes still closed.

"Sure. I though you might. He's a cute pup... waiting at home with the kids." I
smiled, squeezed Dan's hand tightly and drifted off to sleep. I was on my way
home.

Comments to Golffdude45@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





