BDSM Library - Mother and Daughter Reunion as seen on T V




Mother and Daughter Reunion as seen on T V
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mother is taken to see her kidnapped daughter but the reunion is not what mother expected.
Another Story by Pagan.

Mother and Daughter Reunion as seen on T V.


To understand this story you must have read:-     Look,  That's you on T V.


 The ugly smelly little man sat brewding in the filthy bed-sit,it had been 18
days since he had watched the red car pull away with the pretty Alison helpless
gagged and bound in the boot,he had been on a couple of trains but little or no
chance had offered itself and he was fed-up with wanking over the memories of
fucking the pretty teenager.He turned the T V on and went for a piss,he was half
way through when he heard,"Police have scaled down their search for Alison
Enwall",with his cock still dripping piss on to the mouldy carpet he scurried
back in front of the box,"Police have taken her computer and are checking it for
chat-lines that she may have been using,her mother still believes she has been
abducted,at a news conferance today she had this to say,---We can`t believe she
has run away,we know we must carry on in some way,my husband has had to go back
to our business but I am here,please Alison you must contact me I need to know
you are safe, for god sake",the man stared at the screen,drinking in the
beautiful sight of the woman as she broke down in floods of tears. As she left
the news conference he dribbled as he saw those long slim legs,the outline of
her firm thighs,her trim waist and the way her chest heaved up and down to her
pitiful sobbing,he looked down at his cock,it was stirring, he put his hand
around it enjoying the feeling as he slowly pumped up and down , he was starting
to think.

It was about 10pm when he drove into the tree lined avenue of a very expensive
part of town,he could see the police car about half way down,he saw a small cut
through between two other house`s,light`s off,coast to a stand still,out and
close the door quietly,he went up the back of the two house`s,Yes the large
house`s were connected,he smiled as he thought,they were to posh to have
dust-bins at the front,he worked out which house was her`s and he slipped in the
back gate,across the lawn and up to the back of a very big house,he looked round
the corner,good the police officer was still dozing.He looked in the bottom
windows but could see nothing,he heard a toilet flush and suddenly there she
was,she looked lovely,no need for make-up,she had  slightly dark skin,oh but
that figer,it was showing nicely under her house dress,he waited and waited, she
had to get close to a window.After about 5 minutes she approached a window,he
moved quickly to it bent down and put his hand up to the glass,he had Alison`s
green frog purse,he watched her face change,he pointed to the back door,she
opened it still with the chain on,he showed her Alison`s wallet with the picture
of them both in it,"You want  see Alison",she was speechless but she
nodded,"Come now or I go and you not see her",she looked around as he started to
move from the light,suddenly she blurted,"Wait please wait,I will come",she
grabbed her bag and ran after him.

They reached his car in silence,"Get in back",she got in the back of his car and
went to speak,"No talking just turn around while I blind-fold you",she turned
and he tied a strip of material over her eye`s then tore off some tape and stuck
it over so it would`nt move,"Put your hands behind you",she didn`t,"You want see
Alison,I now were she is and if you want to see that little birth mark on  back
of her pretty little neck again",reluctantly she put her hands behind her.He
felt his cock move as he taped her hands tightly behind her,he shoved her down
in the foot well,got in the car and drove off,good the police car did`nt move.

He pulled up outside his flat and waited until no-one could be seen,he got out
and open the back door,he smiled as he had to help her because of the way her
hands were tied,she struggled out of the car and much to his delight she was
showing a great deal of naked leg and thigh,he grabbed her bag and pushed her
through the door up the stairs and into his bed-sit.

He sat her on the same chair her daughter had occupied,pushed her legs together
and taped them at the ankle`s then stood up,checked the room was laid out how he
had left it,he was ready for her and he removed the blindfold.She blinked as the
light hit her eyes then slowly took in her new surroundings,she looked at the
tele then the furniture it was when her eye`s meet the breakfast bar that she
cried,there was Alison's school  blazer,blouse skirt and bra,"Oh god no please
no,say she`s allright please tell me she`s alive",he burned with power as he
looked at the trembling beauty,"She`s sort of allright and she`s alive,do you
want see her",she was almost incoherent,"Yes yes oh god yes please,please let me
see my baby",he went behind the breakfast bar and picked up some cloth",You want
see her,then I take you,but I need you quite,open your mouth",almost in
asterisks,she opened her mouth and he shoved the cloth in,three strips of duck
tape and she was helpless,she looked at him as his mouth began to salvia.

He bent slightly and stared in her face,"So rich bitch lost your little
baby,good looking woman,marry in to money,easy to get man with money when you
look like you do,would`nt be seen dead with the likes of me,oh no to good for
ugly me and I bet you gona get the pretty Alison off with some rich folks
dork,yes",she looked at him as he spat his words out at her.

The silence was broken by the sound of a mobile phone ringing in her bag,he let
it ring until the room was silent again,"Fancy phone,I wish I could afford nice
things,you got money in that bag,"she nodded,"You got credit cards",she
nodded,"You gona give me the pin numbers",again she nodded,"Your in my world now
rich bitch, you gona do anything I say to get little Alison back",she bowed her
head,her huge breast`s rose as she sobbed in to the gag and slowly nodded.

"I take you see Alison but first we should get to know each other",before he
could finish his sentence the phone rang again,he picked her bag up and rummaged
in it until he found the phone and switched it off,"That`s better,now we are
alone and won`t be disturbed and it would seem that I`v got you so I will have
some fun with you stand up,let me look at you".With difficulty she got off the
chair,he moved it back and walked around his prize,he ran his had over her
bottom,"Nice ass,a bit bigger but just as firm as Alison`s",she moaned through
the gag,"Is that gag allright,does it taste good,those are Alison`s pants you
got in your mouth,never did get to lick her out so you can have taste of her I
was to busy fucking her",she let out another smothered moan as his hand
continued to squeeze her ass-cheeks,he came round and stood in front of her,"Saw
you on the T V,thought then you a good looking piece,what I liked best was
these",he squeezed her tit`s,all she could do was stand there gagged,bound hand
and foot and let this gruby little man molest her body as he talked about all
the foul things he had done to her little girl."What's your cunt like,has it got
a nice bush,you don`t mind if I take a look do you",he unbuttoned her house
dress from top to bottom,it hung on her, gapping open showing the cleavage in
her bra,her trim waist and the crutch of her pants,her lovely inner thighs were
all on display for him and he was`nt in a hurry,he just stood and admired the
view,"Nice,very nice",he stepped back to her and ran a finger between her
legs,up along the slit to her bush then to the elastic on the nylon pantie
waistband before pulling it forward so he could look down,"Very nice,all trimmed
up for hubby,he did`nt look the type,but it`s a nice well cut triangle,it points
the way,very nice,I think I take a closer look".She started to tremble as he
knelt down in front of her,she felt his fingers pushing in to the side of her
pants and then pulling side-ways,then he started to tickle her clit,as her
ankles were tied she couldn`t open her legs but he still had his fun,he pinched
her clit and she jumped,looking up at her he said,"Naughty girl,should stand
still,must make you learn".Pulling the chair to the side he sat and pulled her
to him,"Bend over my knee",she looked at him trying to see any sign of mercy,he
crooked his finger at her,tears formed in her eye`s as she bent forward until
she fell over his lap.Slowly he pulled her dress up until it was over her ass,
he ran his hand up and down the back of her thighs and then over the smooth
pantie covered bottom before delivering the first slap,he laughed at the
"ooooommmmmppp" sound from his victim,"Never had your ass whipped before,think
you may like it,let`s try again",another slap and another,he gave her ten before
he slid the pale blue pants down her thighs,he gazed at her naked red ass,spat
on his hand and gave her ten more.He left her sobbing over her knee for about
five minutes he felt his cock getting hard as he sat there stroking her hot
naked ass,until he pulled and pushed her back to a standing position in front of
him,he remained seated looking straight at her cunt,he looked up at her before
he bent forward and started to salvia and kiss it while he squeezed her burning
ass then he moved kissing her thighs and slowly working his way up her body."I
like the way your cunt is cut but now for those tit`s",he pushed his hand inside
the bra and lifted first one then the other out over the cups,he eyes sparkled
at the size of the areoles and the large dark red nipple that patrueded from
their middle,he licked his lips and them clamped them over them,sucking like a
new born as he enjoyed flicking his tongue over the ends trying to get them
hard.

"Are we having fun lady,you very beautiful,see where Alison got her looks
from,she had nice tit`s I liked playing with them so I think it`s time to get
you naked and play with you some more".

He took her clothes off the same way he had taken Alison`s,not allowing her any
chance of freedom,when he had finished she was naked, knelt on the bed,her knees
tied tight,her ankles tied then fastened up under her ass to a rope running from
her waist,her elbows tied,her wrist tied ether side to the rope around her waist
and three coils of rope took the place of her bra forcing her tit`s out and
balloon shaped,she was still gagged and sucking Alison`s pants,not being as
supple as Alison the way she was tied was causing cramp,she was in agony.He was
sat looking at her,he had her hand-bag on his lap and her phone in his hand,"You
have two messages,think I look",he fiddled with the buttons,"Oh yes,what's
this,--(I know it`s hard but I must c u he is back in L I need 2 b with u,I will
help,LOVE YOU)---you got a boy-friend,gona tell me about him",she shook her
head,"I think if I leave you tied like that long enough, you will".



Her whole body ached,her tit`s throbbed, they were already a pale shade of
blue,her legs screamed to straighten,her arms fastened hard back at the elbows
forced her shoulders to bend inwould giving her great pain because they were
holding back the weight of her large tit`s,she moaned as he looked for her
credit cards and any money,plus reading anything personal he could humiliate her
with,"You want to tell me about lover-boy,I can always tie you tighter,I bought
plenty of rope for keeping you,I prove it".She watched in fear as he got
up,moved behind the breakfast bar and came back with more rope,he leapt on the
bed and grabbed her hair,pulling it into a pony-tail he looped the rope around
it and pulled back and down,tying it off between her elbow rope,she stared
hopelessly at the ceiling,"Just two things to finish you off".Unable to move her
head she only heard him moving about, suddenly her nipples were clamped,the pain
in the already swollen ends was unbearable  he got off the bed tweaking the pegs
sniggering as he did. She could`nt stand it any-more,making moaning sounds she
tried to look at him. He continued to look through her bag he waited long enough
then he looked up knowing she would be ready to tell him all,"If I take your
daughters pants out of your mouth you will not scream,if you want see her you
say fuck all,you say only what I want to hear,understand Mrs Rich Bitch",unable
to move she just blinked away the tears.

He stood over her deliberately bouncing the bed with his feet,his hands held the
clips tight on to her nipples, she fought to stay upright all the time moaning
in pain,"This is nothing to the pain you will get if you don`t do as you
told,you are going to tell me every-thing about how you meet lover-boy,how he
first get to fuck you,you tell it in my language, real dirty or we go see Alison
and I give her the pain and you will tell us both,you want her hear what you
do",she blinked at him,"I think you say you understand".

He ripped the gag off and slowly pulled Alison`s pants from her mouth,she gasped
in air,he looked down at the open mouth,she whimpered,"Please untie me I will do
all you ask,I want to see Alison so I will be good,I--",he snapped,"Stop talking
about Alison,your going to be good,with a body like yours you have to be fucking
good,but first a test,do you like me,do you want to be my girl-friend?"Her head
tied hard back she had to swallow every time she spoke,"Y- Yes I-I like ya-
you,yes I want to be your girl-friend",she knew the hopelessness of the
situation she had no choice but to indulge him.She swallowed again as he leered
down at her,"My girlfriend would kiss me,you my girl-friend, open your
mouth",she closed her eyes and reluctantly opened her mouth,he watched the
pretty blue eye`s close and then spat in her mouth,she fought hard not to be
sick but worse was to come as she smelt his breath,then the foul slobbering
mouth closed on her`s,his tongue immediately darted in to her and she knew she
had to do the same to him,he stayed kissing her for a long time and he made her
tongue him what seemed an age to her.



He pulled his mouth away as his right hand played with the peg on her
nipple,"Now you tell me all about lover-boy and remember what I want,real
dirty,does posh lady know how to talk dirty",she swallowed again,thought hard
and started."We meet at a party,I had a lot to drink and he was flirting with
me, my husband was ignoring me,talking to another woman,it was about business
but I did`nt know that at the time,so I flirted back to him.He kept plying me
with drink and I found myself out-side with him and suddenly he spun me round
and kissed me",she swallowed again giving him time to speak,"Is that when he got
in your pants,did he feel you up your cunt,did you spread them for him so he
could get a finger full?"She squeezed tears from her eyes,"No not then he just
felt my bre---tit`s through my dress but he got me excited,it was when we were
leaving when I went for my coat he followed me upstairs,trapped me in the
bed-room and kissed me again and he rubbed himself hard on my,my cunt,I could
feel his cock pushing at me,when he pulled away he said he wanted to fuck me and
he would ring me".Again she swallowed,he was smiling,"I bet he wanted to fuck
you,who would,nt,tell me about the first time and don`t leave out any
detail".She continued,she knew the faster she told him the sooner he would untie
her,she caught sight of him at the side of her as he moved round to play with
her breast`s with his other hand,he had his cock out and was playing with it."My
marriage was going through a bad time,I thought my husband had been having it
off with some-one so I arranged for him to visit me and take me to lunch, he
arrived early and came in we sat on the sofa and talked,he sat close to me and
put his hand on my leg he was getting me very excited as I had not been fucked
by my husband for a while and I let him touch me",she swallowed again,he was
getting impatient,"Come on get to the juicy bit when he get his hand on your
cunt",she stammered on,"He was all over me I could`nt stop him he pushed his
hand up under my skirt,I tried to stop him but he was kissing me very hard,it
was like a electric shock with he touched me, he new my pants were wet,he told
me he was going to fuck me on the lounge floor so when I sat there with my
husband I would be able to see us both fucking there,he got his fingers inside
my pants and touched me,I could`nt help it, I opened my legs and I was so wet he
just pushed in to my cunt,he fingered me hard trying to get two fingers in me,he
told me to open my legs and I did,he said it was no good I would have to strip
so he could fuck me naked".The painfully bound woman was trying to tell her tale
as fast as she could,thinking of the most disgusting words she could,swallowing
quickly as the pain in her neck grew by the minute."We both stripped he pushed
me wide legged on to the sofa and got between my legs,sucking and licking at my
cunt,it had been a long time since any-one had sucked my cunt so I orgasmed in
his mouth as he tongued me out.He pulled me to my knees and made me give him a
tit wank,I had to hold them together as he fucked of between them until he
shoved it in my mouth,I did`nt know much about blow-jobs but he fucked my mouth
till I was swallowing him.I thought that would be it but he took me naked up to
my own bathroom playing with my ass as I walked upstairs, to my amazement I got
hot again as he trimmed my cunt hairs,he said that,it was his cunt and that's
the way it always had to look,then he did fuck me on the lounge floor,he took me
from behind the first time,fucking me doggie style while he grabbed at my tit`s
then he had me on top for the second,bouncing up and down enjoying me fucking
him.He has a big cock and he knew what to do to get me hot. He fucked me again
that".Suddenly hot sticky cum splattered on to her tits,he had cum on her,"Nice
story very nice",he undid the rope holding her head back,pulled her head forward
and waved his cock in front of her face,"Clean your new boy-friends cock with
your mouth,keep sucking till it`s hard then I`m going to fuck your holes all
night".

Just before he stuck it in her mouth she looked at him,"Please wait what about
Alison",he smiled,"I`ve already fucked her but she will tell you that, I want 
see who is the better fuck,Alison or,what is your name?",as she went to reply he
rammed his miss-shaped cock in her mouth,"You tell me later".

Bending his knees he held her between them pumping his cock in to her pretty
face,his hands on the back held her firmly,he wanted to fuck her mouth hard,he
enjoyed it as she chocked and gagged  every time he went down her throat,"Posh
rich bitch don`t take it all the way,you will,it took Alison a couple of times
to get it all the way down,that`s what she was doing when you was on the T
V,did`nt know if she were crying over you or the big cocks fucking her,one in
her mouth and another up her cunt,she were all tied up,they could do what they
wanted to her,you know my two mates took her all night,fucked her great,she
takes it up the ass now,my mates have her,I bet she fucks and sucks real good
now,trouble is,mum needs to learn how to face fuck I be happy to teach you",he
laughed as he rammed hard between her lips.Grining down at her he moved her head
around almost waggling it like a childs doll. As he did her rotated his hips
pushing his miss-shaped male meat in to every craves of her mouth then shoving
again down her throat,he did this all the time until he finally started to use
her throat harder bringing him on till he filled her mouth with his filth.As he
got off the bed she finally fell on to her side,he stopped and looked back at
her,a vision for any pervert to enjoy, a beautifull bound woman,helpless on a
strange bed with cum dribbling out of her mouth,"Just gona take a piss,then you
can,got to get you comfy before I get between your legs for a little play, it`s
your cunt`s turn to get the fucking",she sobbed.

He carried on and took his piss,when it was her turn he untied her waist rope
and let her legs straighten then untied her knees rolled her on her back,"Open
them,I want to play",she obeyed him and he bent over the bed sucking her swollen
nipples while he fingered her cunt,"I did`nt lick out Alison so I not going to
miss you", he moved down her body until his head was buried between her legs.She
had to endure the licking and sucking all the time bursting to go,she
whimpered,"Please I,m so sorry but I must go or I`ll do it over you",he smiled
up at her,"What a nice thought but we need the bed,any-way I hungry now, I want
to fuck you on a full stomach".As he dragged her half stumbling to the loo,he
asked her if the posh lady liked beans and she mumbled," Anything thank you".

He watched her as she relived herself then took her to that hard backed
chair,tied her ankles and opened the tin,sitting beside her he spoon feed her
again letting bits fall,"I had to lick Alison`s tit`s clean so don`t worry I`ll
do the same to you,then I should untie those tit`s they really blue now".

She had to sit there and have him lick all over her bound tit`s telling her it
was the only way to eat beans then he waved her pants infront of her,totally
beaten she opened her mouth,in they went followed by the duck tapeing,"You suck
on your juice on your pants I want to play with the real thing", he untied her
ankles and pulled her back to the bed,"Get them open again your little bush is
pointing the way",he got on the bed between her legs,"You want me to untie your
tit`s",the throbbing pain in her tit`s was incredible,she nodded furiously,"Then
you wiggle your ass and  pump your cunt up and down while I fuck you,then I
will, you understand",a pathetic nod was his signal for him to wet his fingers
and rub them over her slit before he lay on her and guided himself in to the
warm cunt.As he filled her he smiled down,"Tight comfy fit,got to get it wet,how
about I suck on these",her tit`s being bound the way they were had ballooned to
twice their size and stuck straight up with the huge red nipple a perfect peek
to suck on and he did.She humiliated herself by wiggling her ass around and
pushing up to him as he thumped in to her all the time squeezing the painfully
bound globes or rolling the nipples in his fingers,grunting himself in to
her,she could`nt help but lubricate herself. He noticed he was slipping in
easier so he changed positions,he brought his knees up pushing hers up and wide
then he pulled himself up to the kneeling position so he could fuck her and play
with her cunt at the same time,she knew if she had not been in so much pain that
was one position that her lover would use to get her turned on.

She could start to feel herself respond but thankfully he came filling her cunt
heavily before collapsing on top of her,grinning at her and kissing the duck
tape over her mouth,"You a lovely fuck,you want another piss before some
sleep",reluctantly she nodded.He took her again,this time tickling her cunt as
she urinated all over his hand before licking his fingers,"You taste nice,come
on my girl-friend we go to bed".It was five in the morning as he tied her ankles
then bound each knee up to her waist roping her around her neck,rolled her on
her side and moved in behind her,she could feel his cock as he tucked himself up
under her,"Don`t worry when I wake you I will be fucking you doggie style just
like lover-boy,that's how I woke Alison up,she fucks lovely that way,don`t need
no bed clothes I`ll keep you warm,night night posh lady".

Much as she felt it wrong to sleep she was exhausted and could`nt help but drift
off.He was right she woke to feel him penetrating her,as soon as he was in he
violated her again ramming her very hard,ramming her towards the side of the
bed,suddenly,with all his strength he rolled her on to him and she was laying on
him,he held her steady as her knees were up in the air,he held her firm by her
tit`s the pain of being fucked that way and him gripping her bound tit`s forced
tears from her and she had to endure it that way until another load of his filth
was deposited up her,he took his time to empty himself  and let go,she rolled on
her side and lay there as he grunted,patted her ass and got up to relieve
himself once more,"You want to piss",she nodded through her tears.

He picked her up as she was, took and sat her on the seat,Tied as she was she
could`nt sit up, he took the advantage to rip the tape off,pull out her pants
and replace it with his filthy cock,she had to sit there trying to piss while
sucking and licking her juice and his cum off the huge thing stuck in her
mouth,to add to her humiliation he laughed at her,"Better clean it quick,if it
go hard I have to fuck your mouth again".He took it out and picked her
up,carried her back to the bed,"Gona tie you to the bed,you gona give me your
pin numbers and I go get some money,when I come back we may go see Alison,now
first I want pin numbers".He picked each card from her wallet and she told him
the numbers,he untied her neck ropes and laid her in the middle,tied her knees
together and then across to the sides of the bed,he tied another rope to her
ankles and down under the bed,she could`nt move the way her arms were tied so he
left them as they were. Next a rope around her neck and up to the hole in the
head board,her pants went back in her mouth and four pieces of duck tape sealed
them in,he got ready to go, switched the T V on and,just before he left he
kissed her enlarged nipples and untied her tit`s as he closed the door the tears
of pain ran down her face,the sudden surge of blood back to the swollen breasts
was horrendous.

After the pain had subsided she watched T V,she thought how ridiculous,there she
was raped,bound and gagged,totally naked at the mercy of a sex maniac looking
between her large bruised breasts over the top of her trimmed cunt hairs to a
bloody T V that she could only see if she looked round her bound feet,the pain
in her neck would only allow for short sighting,it was when she was just
listening that the news came on and the head-line was,"The hunt for the missing
teenager,Alison Enwall has taken a more sinister turn,her mother Mrs Janice
Enwall had gone missing,Police believe she has been loured away by some-one
pretending to have knowledge of her daughters where-abouts,here is a recent film
of Mrs Enwall taken at a news conference a short time ago,Police are urging her
or any-one who knows where she is to contact them".

She lay there for hours.it was getting dark when she heard him come up the
stairs,he entered with bags of shopping,he was wearing a leather coat,"You done
good telling me the right numbers,had to go far so as would`nt find out where we
are but I buy lots",he took the coat of,then his trousers and pants,he lay
beside her and started to stroke her cunt,"Got to keep you for a while so I can
go get more money and any-way I like fucking you,I been thinking about you,I got
hard so I need to use your holes again",he untied her neck and ankle ropes then
released her knees,took off the gag,coughing and spluttering she asked,"Can I
have a drink, please",he got hold of her head and pushed her down to his
cock,"Ya,after you suck me off and do it good with plenty of tongue,plenty of
kissing the snake,plenty of licking my balls,plenty of licking the whole big boy
or you get drink alright, I piss in your mouth",he put his hands behind his neck
and relaxed back as the beautiful woman went to work on sucking his cock just
how she had been told just the way he wanted.

She had been using her mouth on every bit of his cock for about twenty minutes
when the door burst open,two men broke in,he looked at them,"Barry,eerrr Bert
what eerrr what",one of the grabbed her and stood her up the other grabbed
him,"Thought you had snatched mother when we saw the news,knew you fancied
fucking it",he turned and looked at Janice,"Thats one good looking woman,your
daughter`s a good fuck but I bet you now a trick or two you gona put it out for
us,give us a little play with you,it`s the only way you will see her",Janice
shook,"Yes oh god yes please,anything,but take me to her",the one holding her
squeezed her breast`s,"This should be a fun weekend".

They tied her tightly and sealed her mouth,wrapped her in a blanket and took her
down to the car,they dumped her in the boot and speed off,as he had money,her
cards and knew the pin numbers they took him along.Half an hour later they
turned in the drive of a derelict house with an old barn behind it,hind the car
and opened the boot,the three of them looked down at the helpless beautiful
woman laying there,they untied her ankles,lifted her out and frog marched her
naked bound and gagged towards the barn,they pushed her threw the door.The sight
that meet Janice took her breath away.

In the middle of the barn was a post that supported the roof,tied to it totally
naked and suspended of the ground was her pretty baby,Alison.her hands tied
behind her round the post,a rope ran across her chest under her breasts then
under her arms behind the post to a cleat that held her weight she was gagged
and rope ran across her eyes around the post holding her head securely back,her
ankles were individually tied and bent up, the ropes going to the cleat leaving
her hanging in the kneeling position,Janice groaned. The one good thing was that
she looked allright ,she was not heavily marked and still seemed to be the same
weight but they had shaved her,she went to run to her.

They grabbed her arms,"Not so fast",they slowly lead her towards the helpless
girl,"You happy to see your little girl,do you want to give her a motherly
kiss",Janice looked at them,they had evil in their eyes but she nodded,they
ripped the tape from her mouth.She was now in front of her,Bert whispered to
her,she shouted,"No,I could`nt",he yanked her to him,"You and baby fuck here
would like to see the out-side world again",she nodded,"Then you do as we say
and you know what I said,now do it.Struggling to her knees Janice looked up at
her daughter hanging above her and kissed her cunt,Alison jumped but could do
nothing else,Janice kissed it again this time staying on it and licking making
sure the three men could see her tongue working on the naked slit,Barry knelt
down behind her put his hand between her legs under her ass until he found her
cunt and started to finger her,"Go on get it all the way in,can you manage this
far",he pushed his fingers up Janice`s cunt making her squeal into Alison`s
cunt,Bert looked down at him,"What say we take mother and daughter in the house
and see some real family fun,you game mum for some, up close and personal".Barry
got up pulled Janice up by the hair,keeping hold he dragged her out of the barn
and in to the house.

He stood her in the middle of the room,held both her nipples and twisted
them,"We have looked after your kid,we liked her to look nice when we fucked her
so she has been bathed and feed,we did`nt have too so be grateful, be very
grateful,now we want some fun out of you to,just a lot of fucking nothing bad
unless you want it that way,lets look on the bright side you may enjoy it",just
then Alison was carried in her arms still tied behind her as they rolled her on
to the old sofa Janice saw the marks on her ass,she had been caned.Their eye`s
meet,Janice saw how tired she looked but a least they were together and
alive,how long that would last was up to how they would be made to perform for
these sadistic bastards

The three men sat on the assorted old chairs that were dotted around the large
room,Barry put his hands behind his head,"Alison get up",Alison immediately got
up though very slow,she struggled to stay straight,Barry laughed at her
effort,"Come on Alison,you`ve done nothing since this morning`s fucking,you only
sucked me off twice while Bert gave your ass a good buggering,then you`ve been
hanging about all day,fine way to greet your mother".She looked pitifully at
Janice trying hard not to cry but tears ran down both their faces.Bert lent
forward and stroked Janice`s ass,"You know if you cry or annoy us we have a
lovely whippy cane,don`t we Alison,do you know your mother has a fine firm round
target just right for a stinging",Janice shook as the three men scanned the two
naked bound women,she knew they were going to have some fun with both of them. 

Bert and Barry got up and took rope,they knelt down in front of the women and
tied their ankles with about a six inch gap,they could move but not run,they
smiled up at the women then kissed their cunts, then their hands were
released,Bert took Janice under the chin and kissed her hard,"Your cunt and your
face are as beautiful as I have ever had but these are unbelievable",he jiggled
her tit`s around,"Now you and your pretty daughter are going to get it on for
us,we want the works,tonguing,fingering,cunt licking,plenty of snogging with
mouths and cunts,we want to see cunt`s rubbing together and most of all we want
to see you both cuming and drinking the juice,if you don`t then the cane may
just change your mind,got it",he waited for her to nod before he stopped playing
with her nipples.

As he moved away she saw the ugly little man who had tricked her in to this
hell,he was standing beside her Alison playing with her tit`s then moving down
to her bald cunt,he kissed her face then slobbered down her so he could lick and
suck on her nipples,Alison stood still, her hands by her side looking straight
ahead as he pushed hard in between her legs,shoved into her cunt fingering her
violently,he looked at Bert a sick grin on his foul face,"She still feels nice,
can I fuck her,"Bert laughed,"So you like the way we have her trained,she`s real
co-operative, she`ll let you do anything,so after you give us the pin numbers we
may let you take her some-where,it`s a small price to pay to get to fuck any
hole this beauties got,and you can do her as often as you like,we have, she has
given us a great deal of pleasure but first we want to see mum in action,come on
mum get on your back your daughter wants to suck your cunt",he laughed as he
said,"And I`m sure you want to get your mouth on her sweet well fucked cunt,now
move it".

Both Barry and Bert started to take their trousers off,he looked over to
Alison,"Stop fingering the bitch and get comfortable for the show",he looked
back to Janice,"I said on you back,we can teach you how to obey quickly,just
like we did with Alison".the trembling woman got down and lay in front of
them,"Alison,spread your mothers legs and start sucking her out,now".She was on
her knees and pulling her mothers legs open immediately,"See mother you will
soon be as quick as that,now remember what I said,Get your knees up,with them
ropes you have to make it easier for your daughters tongue,now get each other
off".

The three men now naked from the waist down sat around the two women,there was a
fleeting glance from Alison to her mother before she lay sideways to her and
pushed fingers up her mothers cunt while her tongue lapped over the exposed
clit.The three men smiled at each other,uncapped beer bottles then settled back
and played with themselves,they knew they had a long time to have fun with the
two naked captives.

The cat calls started as they watched Alison performing on her mother the,"Play
with your tit`s ma",suck your finger like a cock ma and get used to some-thing
in your mouth",the little man turned to Barry,"Alison`s going at her like a
pro,she really can lick a cunt",Barry laughed,"I should think she can, we let
Doreen and her butch mate June have her for two days last week,they made her
work hard to save a slappen,I`m sure her tongue has grown 2 inches."Make her use
her tongue in mothers mouth",Barry gave Alison the order and soon she had her
tongue in her mothers mouth,snogging her,"How about some pussie rubbing while
they are kissing,"Again Barry told Alison to fuck her mothers cunt with her own,
she immediately obeyed by grinding her hips in to her mothers,rubbing her bald
cunt up and down her mothers triangular bush while pushing her tongue as far in
to her mothers mouth as she could. Suddenly Janice moved and gave a
moan,"Daughters got mum on the juice must be time for a little bit of 69,time
for mum to have some cunt in her mouth".Bert and the other one got up and lifted
Alison round to sit astride Janice's face,Barry said,"No that's wrong, get them
the other way round,Alison knows how to suck cunt lets have mothers ass up for
some instruction",a bit of pushing had Janice above her daughter,sitting on her
face while the tongue worked furiously up her she bent over to try and do the
same to Alison.She was trying when Barry`s belt struck her round firm globes,she
howled,"Face down and tonguing her cunt",sobbing she bent down,SLAP,another
scream,"Faster next time",she bent straight down,Alison had not stopped even
though the belt missed her face by inches as Janice worked her face hard in
between the open legs, sucking and licking praying for her daughter to get wet.

After two more whacks with the belt and endless work with their tongues their
bodies started to responded,their hips pushed in to each others faces and they
got wetter,Janice worked so hard she knew her daughter had been badly abused and
she wondered  if she would ever feel an orgasm again but perseverance paid off
and she did cum,little spits of wet juice hit Janice`s face as she herself gave
a shudder and came.Barry was the first to pull her off Alison,"Not bad for the
first one but we are nice and hard now so it`s our turn,you,short ass,you got
those pin numbers",the short little man wrote down Janice`s pin numbers and
handed them to Bert,"If these ain`t right I`ll personal break both you legs",he
held Janice firmly to him,"Me and Bert are going to have some fun with mum
here,now you tell mum what you are going to do to her daughter,if it`s sounds
good we will let you have her".

"She`s know what I like to do with her daughter,I like fucking her",he stood
beside Alison stroking her like a pet,running his hand all over her,paying a lot
of attention to her ass,"But this time I want to put it in her ass,missed out on
it last time then she can clean me off with her mouth before I fuck her pretty
bold cunt some-more,is that all right mummy?"Janice wanted to cry,wanted to hold
her baby,she knew it was useless to try as they stood, held by these perverted
bastards."Ya, go on, take the little fuck toy upstairs,fuck the shit out of her
but don`t mark her,there is a reason,we will tell you later,now fuck of while we
play with her gorges mother",

He looked at the naked woman,"Janice is`nt it,that's what they said on the T
V",she nodded,"Well Janice when we first saw you,you had your cute little mouth
wrapped around that old farts dick,I thought it would look better wrapped round
mine so how about it",she just stared at him,"I`ll take that as a yes,what about
you Bert ass or cunt",Bert said "When she`s bent over I`ll see which,maybe
both", Barry stroked the side of her face,"You heard the man bend over and get
stuck in,pleasuring people will become a way of life for you,so get used to
it",with what he had just said echoing in her brain she bent over and took his
cock in her mouth.She sucked his cock as much down her throat as she
could,knowing if she did`nt he would shove it down any-way,she felt Bert behind
her fingering her cunt and ass pulling the lips apart and tickling up inside
her,he said to Barry,"Her daughter got her wet so lets see how long it takes
me,I really don`t fancy a dry fuck in a hole a nice as this one".She had to
endure the humiliation of the finger fucking while she concentrated on trying to
get Barry to cum so she could get his filthy cock out of her mouth,he knew she
was trying so he took it real slow as Bert started to get her ass wiggling
before ploughing in to her.

Barry final let the silky smooth mouth bring him off,making her swallow then
suck the last drops out of the end,Bert was still pumping away up her cunt while
he pulled her ass-hole apart with his fingers and poked inside,Barry
said,"Thanks for cleaning my cock now clean out my ass-hole",he turned round and
shoved his ass in her face that was to much for Janice and she bit him.

He jumped across the room holding his ass,Bert roared with laughter but he soon
came back,slapping her face hard,he pulled her up and off Bert`s cock,"You
fucking bitch,you`ll learn to do as you are told",he picked up the rope and
bound her hands infront of her then dragged her out of the house and back in to
the barn,she fought and kicked at him all the way until he punched her in the
stomach and she passed out.

When she came too she was hanging about four feet off the ground by a rope
around her waist,her legs were pulled out behind and roped to a beam, her arms
roped to the beams in front she was heavily gagged,the two men stood looking at
her,"Oh just in time for the bar-b-q",she looked down at a metal table under
her,it had holes in it,she saw Barry move,he flicked a switch and then pressed a
button,there was a click-click-click sound then the holes in the table burst in
to flame. The sudden surge of heat burned Janice`s nostrils as she tried not to
breath,Barry`s evil smile returned,"Do you want a low,medium or high
heat",Janice made muffled noises behind the gag as she felt the heat
raising,"Don`t worry we will know when your done,you cunt hairs catch fire and
your nipples melt,besides your only on low,I thought I would give you a while to
get a sun tan before I turn it up",they turned and left,she heard him say to
Bert,"I wonder if she will last longer than her kid".

She fought the heat,she could hardly breath the burning in her nostrils was hell
she squirmed her body turning trying to stop the pain in her tit`s and under her
arms,she was going to be sick but gagged she could`nt as she may choke on her
own vomit,sweat was pouring from her as the two sadists walked back in the
barn."Having a nice time or would you rather be licking ass", she nodded,"Well
we will see,turn the flames off", Bert moved and shut the table down,it was
still red hot.Suddenly she felt her-self being lowered,her arms and legs stayed
up but her body was starting to bow, her tit`s and cunt were lowering towards
the hot table she moaned and tried to lift herself away,Barry laughed,"You sure
you want to lick ass,"she nodded furiously as she felt her tit`s get hot,"You
sure you want to do what ever we tell you",she was in a blind panic,nodding as
fast as she could,"You sure you are going to take it up the ass and cunt,suck
any amount of cocks and let anybody do what ever they like to you",by now the
heat was unbearable she was almost in a faint as she groaned her last nod and
her head laid limp,"If I did`nt want to fuck that cunt of yours so much I`d drop
you down and fry the fuck hole".Bert wheeled away the table as her legs and arms
were untied and she was lowered on to the cool ground.She didn`t lay there long
as her wrists were bound again and she was dragged,still gagged back to the
house,once inside Barry said,"You want to see what a good slave does",she looked
at him,beaten then blinked a defeated "Yes".

They dragged the poor woman back to the house,Barry was pulling her by her bound
wrists,"Straighten up don`t slouch,get your head up and your tit`s out,start to
walk and act like a slave",they pulled her through the door and carried on up
the stairs until they reached a door, they stopped and made her look
inside.There was Alison bent over grasping her ankles while the ugly little man
fucked her from behind she could`nt see which hole he was fucking but he was
giving it to her daughter very hard,Barry nodded to him,"Watch and learn
mother",the ugly man slapped Alison's ass,she said,"Thank you sir", and she did
every time he hit her then he pulled out she immediately turned,dropped to her
knees and took him fully down her throat,her nose pushed hard against his hairs
as her head pumped up and down the shaft,he said,"Tit`s" her hands went to her
breasts and she started needing them and twisting her own nipples,Janice stared
at the seen as the slobbering man stroked Alison`s head gloating back at
her,Barry pulled Janice to him,"See what a good slave your daughter is,now you
must learn the same,you can shower and clean your self up for me and Bert to
fuck you and you will do anything we tell you too,our pleasure is your
problem,by the way the waters cold,have fun",he opened another door and she saw
an old bath with a shower above,he pushed her in.

Still with her hands tied she pulled the tape from her mouth and spat out the
small ball,turning to the bath she switched on the taps turned the handle and
felt the freezing water,she looked towards the door where the two men stood
watching,resigned to her fate she stepped in.Standing naked she washed herself
in the cold water,she knew they would expect her to clean all of her and with
her hands tied she must have looked laughable as she tried to  wash her ass,soon
it was over and she dried her self the two men came over and took the towel from
her and enjoyed drying her, groping every part of her before they took her to
another room promising her the fucking of a life-time.

The room had two beds in it,metal framed,she knew they would be perfect for
tying too,"O K mother were where we,oh yes get bent over and suck and suck like
your daughter with your mouth open and using your throat,Bert will look after
the other end,so say thank you and get to it",she looked at him,"Thank you for
fucking me",she bent over and took the cock back in her mouth as Bert went back
to playing with her ass.

Janice had never given full deep throat and as she tried she choked and wanted
to be sick but concentrating she managed to breath through her nose and open her
throat she wiggled her ass and bent her legs clenching her cunt muscles to get
Bert off,any thought of her being forced in to an orgasm were gone as everything
she did was for their enjoyment, not hers and in the back of her mind was what
they would do to her if she didn`t give him a good blow-job.Hands came under her
as her tit`s and nipples were pulled,she had to endure the slapping of her ass
as both men fucked her furiously pumping her as hard as they could,Bert tried to
thump it in enough to lift her of the floor while Barry was happy to see her
cute little nose covered with his hairs,both of them were loving the power they
had to make her do what ever they wanted.Still with her wrists tied they told
her to wank herself they were determined to make her come,she knew the only way
was to fuck them hard enough to make them fill her then she would be able to
play with herself until they humiliated her in to cuming for them and that's
what happened.After they had filled her both ends they pushed her back to the
wall and made her stand open legged while they sat on a bed watching her hand
rubbing quickly over her clit until she managed to spit some cum juice over her
fingers.Barry stretched,"I`m fucked lets get her tied for the night,go and see
what that shit-head is doing to Alison,bring her in here and tie her down
too,must get some shut-eye I want to fuck the pair of them a lot more before
tomorrow night.

Barry tied her spread-eagled and very tightly to the metal framed bed,the little
ball was taped into her mouth,while that was happening Alison was brought in she
just lay on the bed and put her arms and legs in the position to be tied she had
obviously been tied like that many time before.An old sheet was thrown over them
and the three men left, a small dim light was the only illumination in which
Janice could look at her pitiful baby,now a brainless sex toy to serve any
bodies depravity,suddenly the words,"Fuck them a lot before tomorrow night",
screamed back in to Janice`s mind and a new fear brought a sob to her well
fucked throat.

She drifted in to some kind of light sleep but it wasn`t long before it was
distrubed,she heard footsteps and she could make out the shortness of her
captor,he went to Alison`s bed and pulled away the sheet,"Hello little girl I
have been thinking about you and how nice you look,thought you might be cold so
I`v come to warm you up",he looked over to Janice,"You don`t mind if I fuck your
daughter for a while do you,you both nice sexy ladies and I won`t get the chance
soon so I thought I`d fuck the both of you again tonight,I did say I wanted to
see who was the better fuck".She watched helplessly as he got on top of Alison
she could see him slobbering all over her face and down to her tit`s his fingers
were down between her legs,"O K little one in it goes",and he grunted as he
shoved himself in to her,the sight of his ass pumping up and down on top of her
baby was to much and she shook as she cried, the tears running down ether side
of her face,she had never felt so alone and helpless in all her life,the feeling
only got worse as she watched him grunt and shoot his load up her baby,he lay
playing with her tit`s and slobbering all over her.He smiled as he looked over
to Janice,"Nice fuck your kid,knows how to use her cunt a real bumper and
grinder she can get any man off, she learnt the hard way,she knows what will
happen if she don`t", he pulled himself up and got off,still smiling he came
over to her,his cock hung down still smeared with her daughters juice and his
cream, he looked down saying,"Now for the main course,want to fuck me mummy".

As he walked round the bed he pulled the sheet off then he knelt down at the
side and spent the next 15 minutes playing with her,as his fingers tickled her
cunt he said,"Nice of you to lay there while I have some fun with your cunt and
tit`s it must be because you like me".With his left hand he rolled her nipples
as his right was in between her legs,"I take gag of and we could talk and snog
like we did when we were together at my place but if you make noise then Barry
and Bert will come and spoil my fun,no we leave gag on while I fuck you". Janice
laid there as the little pervert played with her,she had been forced in to every
possible depravity in 36 hours,to her right was the foul man who was invading
every part of her body that she had held to be hers.If she looked left all she
could see was her sweet child tied and still exposed,she thought, what was to
become of them.Suddenly something  was happening to her, this ugly filthy man
had his finger up her cunt and was wanking her at the same time,she was getting
wet,she could`nt help it,she groaned and tried to move but he knew it and held
her, working harder.it was no use he had found how to turn her on. All the
things that had happened and what else could, were out of her mind she was being
forced in to an orgasm,his fingers worked faster and the rubbing on her clit
became harder,she was tied tight but still tried to move but he followed then he
bent to his left and started to flick his tongue over her nipple that did it she
was on course for a full blow orgasm,her head thrashed from side to side and her
hips rose to his fingers as they fucked in and out of her,her moans were
becoming shorter as she fought to breath in through her gag suddenly he stopped
and looked at her,her hips carried on gyrating as they searched for relief, her
gagged mouth moaned as he tickled her nipples sending waves of pleasure through
her body. He climbed between her legs and held his cock at the entrance to her
slit it was soaking, she pushed up to him to try and capture his meat,as she did
he gentle slid it in but never moved he held him self stright up with his arms
staring down at her as she unashamedly fucked herself off on the huge hard rod
until she flooded the bed in her juice,As she lay exhausted he started at her
again pumping her hard with his still hard fat cock,Janice could do no more than
start to cum again,with her body responding she laid still and let him fuck her
and play with her tit`s until she had another moaning orgasm. 

After he left she cried herself to sleep after humiliating herself for the
disgusting pervert, it must have been late when she woke as the sun came through
the door when Barry and Bert came in,"Morning ladies,Now I feel like pumping
some-ones face,It`s funny I just can`t seem to start my day with out a good
blow-job which one of you lucky girls get to suck breakfast out of my cock,I
don`t know about Bert I think he want`s to put it in the way it should cum out
but he always was a bum man,I fancy seeing if mother has remembered the tricks
we taught her".

They untied the two woman then hobbled them with the ropes on their
ankles,Janice was kneeling in front of Barry with all his cock down her
throat,Alison was bent over the bed while Bert was fucking her ass,Barry made
Janice look at him all the time he fucked her face,"Just get me off then you can
wash and have breakfast".Both women worked to give their tormentors the
satisfaction they wanted and soon Alison was walking to the bathroom with cum
trickling out of her ass and down her legs,Janice waited her turn,Barry didn`t
allow her to wipe his filth from her face,she sat there now with her hands tied
behind her back and lines of cream over her pretty face as he mauled her
tit`s.Alison was also tied and Bert enjoyed having the young beauty stood in the
bath while he washed her,she just stood and let him abuse her lovely soft
body,he grind at her as he covered his fingers in soap and finger fucked her ass
and cunt.He was drying her as Barry brought in Janice for the same
treatment.After both women had been cleaned and dried they were taken down
stairs,a table had some breakfast cereal on it,the ugly little man smiled at the
two naked women,they were stood at the side of the table,cereal and milk poured
in two bowls,Barry told them to eat,Janice looked as Alison bent forward and
started to lap at the bowl as if it was the most natural thing to do, she slowly
did the same.Stood bent over, they were easy prey to Barry and Bert who took the
opportunity to stand behind ram their cocks up in to each defenceless cunt and
fuck them while they tried to eat,the ugly man laughed as the two women were
pushed and bounced around by the force of being taken,their faces getting
covered in milk and cornflakes,he looked at Barry,"Can I lick them clean after
you`ve finished with them",Janice felt sick as she heard Barry say,"Yes".

Barry and Bert had the credit card and were disguising where to get cash,it
would have to be way out of the area,as the little man licked and slavered over
the two women,licking their faces and down to their tits,looking round to make
sure the other two were taliking before getting his hand between their legs for
a nice handfull. Janice heard then talking about the ride tonight and something
that could be worth a few readies.They were taken back upstairs,sat on the bed
and their wrists tied by a short rope to the bed rail,regagged and left to sit
looking at each other,Janice heard a car drive off and Barry outside on the
mobile.An hour went by,almost two when Barry came back in,"You two look sorry
for your-selves thought we were having fun or are you bored with nothing to
do,see if I can`t change that".He untied Alison's rope and brought her over and
retied her to the bottom rail on Janice`s bed,took of their gags and had them
both blow him taking it in turns to suck him all the way while the other was
forced to clean his balls,after he came in Janice`s mouth again he took them
both to use the toilet, took them back, fastened them to the bed, regagged them
and returned to his phone calls.

Bert returned and they both went in to the barn with a bag of clothes.Janice and
Alison still sat there gazing at their helpless state,Janice moved the ball
around in her mouth so she would not choke,she looked at her pretty daughter
thinking is this what she had brought her up for, to be tethered like a pet
waiting for the owner to come and amuse himself with her when ever he wanted.She
was deep in those thoughts when the door quietly opened,Janice gave a muffled
groan in to the gag as she saw the ugly little man sneak in and close the door
without making a sound,he looked right at her,"Don`t want them to know I`m
here,must have you to myself now".

Janice tried to make some kind of loud noise but all that came out was a
pathetic moan,he looked at her and put his finger to his horrid lips,"SSHHHHH be
quite I only want to bend your daughter over and fuck her ass,no need to get
silly,I look after you as well,just don`t want them to know I fucking
you",Janice struggled against the rope but Alison just sat there as though
waiting her fate.

With hate in her eyes Janice watched the obscene dwarf walk round the bed untie
the short rope that held Alison to the bed end and then tie it around her throat
forcing her arms half way up her back,all Alison did was give a short moan at
the pain,he moved her off the bed and bent her forward,she was now laying beside
Janice with her face buried in the sheet, he took off his trouser and let his
miss-shaped cock free he slavered as he looked first at her naked ass and then
at Janice still tied to the bed head beside her.

The evil smile grew wider as he poked his end in to Alison`s puckered
ass-hole,it had lost it`s innocent tightness because of the amount of times it
had been abused but he was still finding it hard to shove his length in,"Need a
bit of lubricant,how's about it mum",as he ran his right hand up Janice`s leg
touching her bush the hate in her eyes was unbelievable,she held her legs
together as tight as she could,he still grind at her.His left had slid down and 
around Alison`s legs and got hold of the hood on her clit he got hold of it with
his thumb and fore-finger and squeezed, pressing his nails into her tender flesh
as he twisted,she squealed even as subservient as she had become she was in
agony and showed it,Janice quickly opened her legs.

The grin never left his ugly face as he pushed into her cunt,pushing up as far
as he could,then he rubbed his fingers on to Alison`s ass-hole, again he did it
and a third time.He pushed his cock into Alison`s ass and started to fuck her,he
looked at Janice and pushed his finger back up her cunt,"I want to finger mum
while I fuck your little girls ass".Janice shook her head at the creep but he
showed her his left hand and moved down towards her daughters cunt she
sighed,shook her head at him and opened her legs and offered her cunt up for his
abuse.

He pushed in,he looked at her in triumph,"Move forward and sit on it,you fuck
youself back and forward on it,oh and shake your tit`s for me,I like to see big
tit`s bounce,if you don`t I hurt her bad and then fuck you any-way,come on mum
shake them tittie`s".Janice moved forward as much as the rope would allow and
started to move on the finger stuck up her,she wiggled her shoulder from side to
side making her tit`s bounce and shake for the perverts pleasure,he looked at
the once rich,happy, very beautiful sexy woman and gloated at what she was being
forced to do just for him as he fucked her daughters ass.He wiggled his middle
finger up the moving woman,"Come on mum you can make them tit`s bounce better
than that,you want me tie them up,I got some rope in my pocket",Janice
groaned,shook her head and moved very fast on the finger she threw her tit`s
about,she ground her cunt as hard down as she could searching for the whole
finger and using her cunt muscles to squeeze it she knew what a depraved bastard
he could be,"Come on mummy fuck the finger you know you like it",both he and she
knew he had full control over both of them,"Bounce up and down on it that should
make them tit`s move real nice for me",the poor woman did everything he
asked,degrading her-self to protect her daughter,she wanted him to cum and cum
fast.He slowly moved his hand further and she had to follow but the rope
tethering her to the bed head held her back,his grin got wider as she was
fighting hard to stay upright her tit`s being forced out as her hips worked
remorselessly keeping him amused,she was disgusted with her self as her cunt
sucked on this revolting mans finger as she fucked herself up and down on it but
he knew what she was trying to do and made her keep going, again his mouth
dripped salvia at the beautiful woman at his mercy,he now started to move his
finger inside her,he wanted to see her suffer,he took as long as he liked,
pumping slowly up Alison`s ass,he was enjoying her show far to much to speed
things up.

When he finaly did came he filled Alison`s ass then pulled his finger from the
sore cunt,he laughed at the bound woman,telling Janice it was a pity she had to
stay gagged,he would have liked her to suck him clean,he retied Alison in the
sitting position on the bed,slobbered over both women's breast`s and face`s and
left.

Time meant nothing to the two women,Alison sat zombie like,Janice stared at her
unable to make conversation,to tell her every-thing would be alright,not knowing
what these three men planed for them all she did know was her and her daughter
were now just things to fuck.She heard Barry and Bert coming up the stairs and
waited there pleasure but when they came in they were carrying a bag,they
emptied it on the bed,Alison`s school uniform, blazer,grey skirt and blouse and
her house dress, of course there was`nt any underwear,they were untied and told
to go to the toilet, wash, and get dressed,their gags were left on so it all had
to be done in silence.The men watched the women do as they were told until they
were dressed then the tape gags were removed,they were given a drink before
their mouths were fitted with  ball gags and thick cable straps held their
wrists firmly behind them,Barry was the first to speak,"O K ladies time for you
to leave this place,your going for a little ride",Janice panicked,shaking her
head and started trying to make noises behind the gag,"Don`t worry we ain`t gona
kill you,no, your in for a fate far worse than that,you two are far to pretty to
waste",Bert joined in,"Alison you look fucking adorable in that little
skirt",Barry stood beside Alison and lifted her skirt,"You thinking what I`m
thinking,"Bert nodded,"Ya lets fuck em both one more time",Barry grabbed
Janice's jaw,You heard the man,turn round and bend over we want to make one last
deposit".

The women knew there was little point in fighting so they turned and bent
over,both men stood behind their chosen one and lifted ether a grey pleated
skirt or a pale blue house-dress over two pert firm bottoms.Both men fucked the
women in total silence just the grunts of men taking pleasure,the two women bent
their bodies,pushing their knees into the side of the bed to keep their balance
as their bodies took the full force of being fucked hard from behind also taking
the slapping their cheeks got when their rapists wanted their ass`s to
move,increasing their own pleasure at the cost of the women's humiliation.It
took them about ten minutes to cum and fill the abused cunts,it was after they
had pulled out that Bert spoke and all he said was,"Come on get the fuck out and
in the car we don`t have long to get there".They were herded down the stairs and
out,being thrown in to the back seat with Barry in between them,the car sped
off.

They were forced to ride with their heads bowed into the seatbacks and they did
that for 22 miles before being allowed to sit upright as the car drew into a
large farm or was it a riding stable,they were pulled from the car and lead up
past some stalls,Barry looked in one and Janice could see in through the small
window,what she saw sent shock waves through her body,it wasn`t a stall.In the
small cell was a bed, a chair, a table and a women,naked, gagged with her arms
fastened behind her chained to the wall,she just sat on the chair staring in to
nothing,the second stall was the same only the helpless woman was laying on the
bed,the third had a very pretty young girl she also was laying on the bed,the
fourth cell was empty,so was the fifth,Barry said,"These two will do and Janice
was taken in to one and Alison the other,Janice heard the rattle of a chain and
realised Alison was being chained to the wall,then Barry chained her,he grinned
down at her,"You look good with a dog collar round that pretty neck something to
hang on to when fucking your mouth,I`ll let you in to a secret,as I know what a
pleasure it is to stick a cock in between your lips a lot of blokes are going to
be hanging on to this"and he gave it a yank.

There was a cough that made Janice jump a tall elegant woman in tweeds walked in
to the cell,"So this is mother",Barry nodded,"Stand up woman",Janice stood and
the woman walked round her feeling her ass and tit`s pulling on her nipple then
lifted Janice`s dress and looked between her legs,"MMM nice,good looking
mother,I especially like the firmness of her big tit`s and very pretty
daughter,curvy and well rounded,well done,Barry, come with me",the two of them
went outside,shut the door and the lock clicked,Janice could hear her".

The woman asked Barry,"What's the daughter like,did she train well,"Barry`s
words about her daughter made Janice sob,"She fucks well takes it hard,ass and
cunt she will suck all the way down and can swallow,there's nothing she won`t do
to male or female and she is one of the best at playing with herself for other`s
to watch,she trained well",the woman asked,"What's her fear",Barry told her,"We
had her tied tight to a beam and pushed a electric hair curler up her ass,when
it gets hot she really does`nt like it, also the bare wires taped to the
nipples,only had to switch on three times before she was on her knees sucking us
so far down her throat you would have thought she was a pro,she was ours to do
with as we pleased",Janice sobbed,then she heard,"And mother",Barry voice was so
matter of fact,"We used the bar-b-q,but I think she`ll eat shit or let a dog
take her cunt to save her daughter any major pain,"the woman's voice sounded
pleased,"Good I have two bidders for a mother and daughter team,take some
pictures of them dressed and naked,show the mothers big firm tit`s off and work
well on the little grey skirt and school blazer of the daughter, get her to look
innocent,you know pig-tails and the like but leave the ball gags in,men seem to
look at them as though it were their cocks in their mouths, that  should up the
price,remember you get 30% and I`ll add 3% for Sid the dwarf to keep him
silent,Barry said"I`ll take the shot on the video so you can hook it up to your
clients via the web-cam,"the woman agreed,"Yes it will by a good sale,incest
always fetches a good price, men like to see mothers fucking with their
daughters,I`ll sell, as seen on T V.



                                                                     PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





