BDSM Library - How to Slaughter Human Cattle




How to Slaughter Human Cattle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short synopsis on how to slaughter human cattle for fun and profit. There are some descriptions of equipment and methods used in this process. This is all fiction, the product of a sick mind. That is me. Nothing I write about is real and nothing that I or any other sane person would do. So kids please don't try this at home. And most of all DON'T take me seriously, this is only FICTION.
HOW TO SLAUGHTER HUMAN CATTLE

Methods Used In Most Slaughter Houses and Packing Plants

GUILLOTINE:This method is the most commonly used.This is a device modeled on the
18th century French  design .The blade is set up inside the Slaughter House
usually at the end of the cattle shute  where the human cattle are driven
through to the killing floor.Most plants use a low metal top table on wheels
that run on a short set of tracks that allow it to travel up to the base of the
Guillotine.The table top has a4 or 5 inch raised block at its very front end a
12 inch raised block set back 14 inches from the front block.The human cow is
strapped to the table face down with her neck extended over the front block and
strapped down,thus allowing the Guillotine blade her exposed neck.She is on her
knees over the second raised block with a strap across her back.The human cow is
now available for sexual service in all three orifices before rolling her up to
the blade and slicing her head off.

THROAT CUTTING:This method is used in some Slaughter Houses  although the number
is small.The use of the table on tracks is also used or some other device to
lock the cows head in.Again the cow is driven into the killing floor shute and
either strapped on the table or locked in a set of head stocks .These are set
about waist high for access to her for sexual pleasure before cutting her
throat.

HAMMER:This method is used is a small number of a slaughter houses the human cow
can be restrained in the manner described above or any number of ways to present
her head for the blow.(NOTE:Although any number of killing methods can be used
most are not efficient methods in a modern Slaughter House.)

PLEASURE KILLING OF HUMAN CATTLE:

This is a long list but we will outline only the most popular methods at this
time.

LIVE SPITED:This by far the most popular method as it provides a very sexually
erotic scene both while the human cow is being skewered and roasting on the
spit.The Live Spit requires very little equipment and this makes it popular at
family gatherings and private parties.The human cow is placed face down on a
table,saw horses or almost anything she can be placed over in a leaning
position.The cow can be restrained of held in place by several helpers as the
spit rod is inserted.The Spit rod is  steel pipe or rod 1 to 2 inches in
diameter and 8 foot long with one pointed end.The pointed end is inserted in to
the live human cow through her anal  or her vaginal opening,this is optional.The
cow can be restrained on the spit rod in any number of ways and is then placed
over a hot cooking pit .She is then turned by hand or mechanical means until
roasted.

LIVE ROASTING:This method does require more equipment the Live Spit.To achieve
the greatest erotic sexual thrill a clear Pyrex Roaster is used.This gives a
clear view of the roast  as she slowly succumbs to the heat.(NOTE: Most of the
newer roasters have a turntable in the bottom which has a spit pod protruding up
from it of varying lengths.This spit rod is usually from 8 to 18 inches long and
1/2 to 1 inch in diameter.The cow is restrained and placed in a kneeling
position in the roaster skewered on the spit rod.(NOTE:Again it is optional
which orifice she is skewered in.)

LIVE BAKEING:This is another popular method as it also presents a very visual
sexually erotic scene .Again the newer clear glass Pyrex Oven and Baking Pan
should be used.As this gives a clear view of the human cow through the entire
process.The cow is placed in the baking pan on her knees and restrained  to the
pan then placed in the oven to bake.

NOTE: Since all the killing and cooking methods listed above are used to provide
the greatest sexually erotic scene it can be greatly enhanced by not using a gag
on your cows and be able to hear there screams until they succumb to the
heat.Also all the newer roasters and ovens come with large sound ports which can
be opened during the cooking.All the Slaughtering and Killing Methods listed can
be done with bulls as well as cows.

BOILING: This is another method of pleasure killing although it requires a
little more special equipment than other methods.First you will need a large
Boiler ,this is usually a clear glass Pyrex Boiler about 5ft deep and 4ft in
diamter.This unit can be heated by gas or electricity.Across the top of the tank
is a set of lockable metal stocks with padded wrist and neck holes,you don't
want your cow to injure itself and damage the meat as it struggles.The cow
should be locked into the stocks with water warm water up above her
shoulders.The cow should be soaked at least four hours in this warm seasoned
water.The cows should have metal Speculum inserted in their anal and vaginal
openings,this allows the seasonings to soak into these openings.Clear class
Pyrex over size breast covers are filled with seasoning and secured on her.This
is important since the breasts and vagina are delicacies and are removed after
cooking and served as specialty items.(NOTE:The preparation is slightly
different with Bulls.He should have an anal Speculum inserted in him and a clear
glass Pyrex Cock and Ball seasoning filled cover attached to him.His cock and
balls are highly prized by many females as a delicacy and also served as a
specialty dish.The bull should be in a highly aroused state and a very tight
rubber band placed at the base of his cock,this will help keep his erection
during his Live Boiling.As with the cows he should be soaked first in the
seasoned water.)

To ensure the full sexually erotic enjoyment of your Live Boil you should not
gag them as this will allow you to hear their screams as well as watch them
struggle as the water heats up to boiling temperature.(NOTE:You can extend your
sexual erotic pleasure watching your cow die if you control the temperature and
let it rise slowely to the boiling point) Restraint of the cows is optional most
chefs use a pair of knee spreaders to better display the cows genitals.This
display is also enhanced by the use of a pussy spreader on her,it also gives her
more visually sexual erotic pain..Caution when you are masturbating as your cow
is cooking and struggling beware the outside of the Boiler will cause severe
burns to your hands and privates.

OTHER PLEASURE KILLING METHODS:

As stated above there are many other  killing methods which this author does not
have time to go into all the details of  at this time.So I will list some of
them.

DROWING

HANGING:

CRUCIFICATION:

IMPALEING:

DRAWN AND QUARTERED:

LIVE TARGET PRATICE:

WHIPPING and FLOGGING:

And many others devised by the human mind just as grisly.

NOTE:The new laws concerning lowering minimum age requirements foe slaughtering
Human Livestock and lowering the requirements to have a female converted to
Human Livestock they have caused quite an uproar in certain circles.This mainly
being the Feminist Movements as many of their members are being converted to
Human Livestock.This should more livestock on the market,younger girls and many
former Feminist of which a great number are very beautiful and will make
wonderful Live Roasters.

FOR A COPY OF THIS BOOK AND A COPY OF OUR HOW TO COOK YOUR HUMAN COW send $30.00
to.
DENTON FARMS
P.O. Box 55555
Denton,IA 21000




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





