BDSM Library - A Modern Human Dairy And Meat Farm The Orphans Barbecue




A Modern Human Dairy And Meat Farm The Orphans Barbecue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story set in same time as A Special Catering. It is about a large cook out held for a large Corp and Live Roasting some of the Human Cows out of the Orphanage.
A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:STORY TWO

The Orphan Barbecue:PART ONE:

Well it was time to get back to regular farm business after the Senators big
cook out,I hope not to get into a deal like that again.My morning is taken up
the milk production building meet with my Milk Production Manager Joanie once a
week to go over milk production and to cull burn outs,which are milkers that no
longer produce enough milk.We need to keep our production up as not only is the
milk sold in stores but is bought by the government for the School Lunch
Program.We also use a lot of it here on the farm in our Orphans Program,we also
do a good bit of counter sales in our retail meat store here on the farm.Then
there is our cheese and butter production which are made here in our own
plant.We must keep our production up to supply all these programs.The only way
to do this is to replace burned milkers with new high producing human cows.We
have some milkers coming out of the Orphan Program but even with the new drugs
enhance breast size and milk production these young human cows must reach ten
years of age before they can be turned into milkers or used as a human food
source.We do have requests for young cows to live roast at this age.There are
places in the Far East and the Orient they live roast much younger at five or
six years of age. Although we have some of them maturing all the time we must go
to outside sources to maintain our milker herd size.Although we do buy a few
human cows from smaller farms and private sources.We have had private parties
bring family members in for sale,although this is quite rare it is legal and as
long they have the proper legal papers we will buy them.But although these
sources do provide some fresh stock all of them are not suited to be
milkers.Some of them are bulls and some don't have the body structure to develop
and carry the over sized breasts needed for milkers,And some are to young and
are used in the meat production unless they can be put into the milk program in
a year or two.Federal prohibits buying or selling human cows under six years of
age.But they can be used in any of our programs and used as human food at the
age of ten. Therefore local area and state wide auctions provide the largest
part of stock for not only our milk herd but our meat herd also. Although most
of our burn outs are butchered for our meat sales these are usually older cows
in there mid to late twenties the constant milk producing on the high protein
feed along with the constant milking takes a heavy toll on there
bodies.Therefore these cows are used for roasts,stew and ground meats for the
most part.We also sell some at auction when not needed in our own meat
program.This helps cut the feed bill and provides cash flow to the farm.This
allows us to purchase some younger stock for our different programs.One great
advantage of buying young stock at auction is we can pick the most beautiful
human cows,as the most will go into our Catering herd.The Catering Herd gets the
choice young cows as it is our largest money making project.

Joanie are I are going over the production and choosing the cows to take to the
auction or the packing plant for processing as those not going to Thursdays
auction will be slaughtered right away.Since we maintain a small herd of human
meat cows and bulls for our catering service and sales to private parties who
want to do there own butchering.The burn outs are not put in this herd as it is
made up of younger stock from ten to twenty years old and chosen for there
looks.The human cows in this herd are almost all used for live roasts,and live
spits,and everyone wants a beautiful young girl live roasting on there spit.And
many want the cows who have just become of age for their live roasts.We also
keep several very young bulls for special requests.Many women's groups want to
live roast a young bull.After they finish fucking and sucking his young cock
they want it roasted and served on a patter under bull cum gravy.

After selecting the culls and making a list of ear tag numbers and taking the
red tags and special pliers to fasten them to the selected cows left ear as
there ID number tag is stapled in there right ear.The cows selected for auction
will have a large A on there red tag the others will have a large P on theirs.As
we walk through the milker holding pens Joanie's crew is bring the selected cows
over and locking them into the sets of stocks.These are like old time stocks set
up in the town square in early america,they hold the cows head and wrist.This
bends the cows are bent over at the waist exposing their naked bodies for
inspection. The cows all have had surgery to prevent then from being able to
speak although they can still make all other vocal sounds.As the cows are
inspected and tagged the all start to scream and break loose when released from
the stocks,the farm hands hold them as others bind there hands behind there
backs and hobbles on there legs.They are all crying as they know what the red
tags mean.The ones with the P on there tag are hysterical as the know that is
the slaughter house for them. When we are through there are thirty cows selected
ten go to be slaughtered and the others go to the auction.

Now I go with Joanie to our other holding area to check the new milkers which
will be added to the herd.There are fifteen new milkers in the pen.ten of these
have been on the drugs for two weeks and there breast are fully enhanced and
there milk production will reach its peak output in a few days on the milking
machines.The other five cows came out of our Orphan Program and just turned ten
years old and have only been on the milk and breast enhancement drugs one
week.These young cows will be milked by hand for the next week to help stimulate
their milk production.Since they are all still virgins Joanie will break them in
with a dildo before allowing the farm hands to use them,she will not use the
breeding bulls on them for several months until they are broken in by the farm
hands.Of course I will fuck them first,I love that tight young pussy.All the
milkers are restrained and breed by the breeder bulls once a week as this help
keep the new calf production up.All the new calves are taken as soon as thy are
born and raised in the Orphanage.If any of them are not adopted by ten years of
age they go into one of our programs.

Now I spend the rest of the day selecting the other human livestock to take to
the auction. First to the bull pens where my bull herd foreman James and I look
over the bulls we will take to sell at auction.He has five for me to look at
which are older bulls in there mid twenties and since we have four young
thirteen year olds to put in the herd we can sell the older ones.The new bulls
came from our Orphan Program and are keep separate from the larger bulls until
the get enough size to join the main breeding bull herd.These young bulls Joanie
will use to breed the young milkers,this will be easier on the young cows and
give the young bulls some breeding experince.Ashley my breeding foreman will set
up a time for the young cows take the bulls and her and Joanie will put them on
the young cows.

My next stop is the orphan herd,these are all the young cows and bulls that are
not needed in the milker and breeding herd and young bull not going in the
breeder bull herd.There are a total of twelve cows at ten years of age and two
bulls that range in age from ten to eighteen years of age.Both bulls small cocks
and will not do as breeders or milkers,their cocks are to small even when fully
erect to cut off and use for specialty items.These will go to the auction,as
they are not overly attractive and hard to sell as live roasts.I look them over
and all are in very good shape as they have been in the feed pens for six months
and are all slicked out,the special feed does not overly fatten them up but puts
good weight on them and assures they will bring a good price.Now that all our
stock is selected for the auction my Make Ready Crew will spend Tuesday cleaning
them up and ringing them as we don't ring the orphans until they are sold or put
into service on the farm.All the livestock on the farm are ringed as this serves
a duel purpose one is control the other is it instills a immediate sense of
ownership in the human livestock.The rings are put in both the cows nipples and
both pussy lips and her clitoris.The young bulls are nose ringed and a larger
ring is attached through their ball sac,this is all that is needed on them for
control.The large breeding bulls going to the auction are fitted with a steel
wire locked around their nut sac with a electrical attached to a metal but plug
which houses a battery powered remote controlled generator.An electrical wire
from this is attached to a metal Catheter in inserted into his cock and like a
cattle prod which it is capable of delivering a very painful shock and bring a
bull to his knees if the is depressed for several seconds this insures control
over large unruly bulls and even our female employees can handle him.These units
will be fitted to them early Thursday morning before loading them on the stock
trailers.Now the work day is over and I feel like having some fun this evening.

I call Joanie and tell her I will be down at seven-o clock and I want some of
her lovely ass and for her to get Ashley to fix her up in the Special Milking
Room and I will see both of them there.She laughs and replies oh boy us girls
are in for it tonight.

After supper I head down to the milking barn to meet the girls.When I arrive
Ashley has Joanie no the table.This room is set up as a Special Milking Room
whose purpose is on the most part for use on our weekly tours.This a tour
program for the general public to tour a real human dairy and meat production
farm operation.Of course they are only shown selected areas and kept away from
the more harsh and grisly areas and operations.This room is for tour group
members who want an added kick to there visit to the farm.Although these are
usually males we do get a few females who use the room.Many times after visiting
the milking barn and the stalls in the what we call the ready barn,which is
where we hold the cattle who are ready to process in to human food.These will be
older milkers who are burned out and don't produce enough milk,also older bulls
who don't produce enough calves anymore.We also hold the younger human livestock
for our on site slaughter house.One section is set aside for our Catering
Service.This is the stock to be used in the next seven days for live cooking at
parties and cook outs.these are all young cows and a few young bulls.The cows
are chosen for here good looks and good body structor,everone wants a beautiful
young cow roasting on their spit rod.The young bulls are chosen for their build
but mainly for the size of their cocks,as the ladies who order them want a bull
with a large stiff cock cooking on their spit rod.So many tines after tour
members get here some are very sexually excited and pay the fee to ether take
there mate in the room and get relief.and for a fee we will bring a young cow of
a young bull over for their use,in these cases for safety to our customer one of
our Tour Guide assistants will stay and assist them. The room is a twenty by
twenty foot square,in the center is a twenty eight inch high table.The table is
mounted to the concrete floor on four steel legs,its top is flat except for a
small raised pad at the very edge at one end of the table top where it is
narrowed down from its two foot width to six inches wide.Set back from the pad
about ten inches is a cut out in the top six inches by fourteen inches.The table
is only thirty inches long end to end,it has numerous sets of restraint straps
mounted all around the edges.Set down inside the cut out in the top is a milking
machine like the ones we used in the dairy,but this one has several
modifications.The milking machine has different breast cups than our standard
milkers and a much wider suction setting range.The breast cups are designed to
fit over the whole breast with a flared plastic ring at the base which fits
against the chest.The cups are four inches in diameter and extend out four
inches where they narrow down to a one inch tube four inches long to the clear
plastic tubes that run down to the suction pump.One of the restraining straps
then goes over the back holding the female securely down on the cups.There is
also a chair which looks like a wheel chair with small wheels like a
lawnmower.The metal seat has a large cut out in its center leaving a four inch
wide lip in the back and sides to sit on,attached to the front of the seat are
two flat metal  extensions about thirty inches long .These extensions are spread
out and form a long flat V straight out from the seat. The chairs back is made
to recline back like a home recliner,as it lays back it raises the flat V
extensions up in the air.And like the table it has numerous restraint straps on
it.Under the chair is mounted a milker vacuum pump with breast cups like the
ones on the table but these are designed to strap on the female like a bra.Along
the walls are several dozen chairs and a large metal storage locker which holds
which holds handcuffs,clamps,whips,dildoes,butt plugs,gaggs,cattle prods and
other toys.Hanging from the ceiling are several rope pulleys. Both Joanie and
Ashley smile at me as I enter.Ashley has Joanie strapped on the table bent over
at the waist and her legs strapped to the table legs.She is held down with
straps across her thighs,back and sholders.The shoulder strap holds her firmly
down with her beautiful 38B breast fitted snuggly in the breast cups.The punp is
not on yet as they know I love to do that part.Joanie's head is strapped down
with her chin firmly against the small raised pad forcing her face straight
ahead and her hear slightly tilted back.I have a quick vision of me shoving a
spit rod up her fine ass while she screams,but shake my head to clear it.Damm I
have gotten to look at ever woman I see and wonder how she would look live
roasting on a spit rod.Ashley is smiling at me with an excited look on her face
as she stands there naked with her drop dead body.Her 36D breast with the little
cherry nipples pointing straight at me.I take in her smooth tummy and on down to
her smooth shaved crouch with her pouting pussy lips spread just enough to see a
little pink.

Ashley says Well boss how are you going to fix me with excitement in her
voice.Joanie doesn't speak as she has large penis gag in her mouth she just
smiles and I can see the excitement in her eyes.I know both girls have very wet
pussies already. I ask her which way she wants to be fixed,she excitedly replies
all of them.No don't have all night to work you girls over so I thought about
hanging you over Joanie's mouth so she could eat your pussy while I whip you bat
we would have to turn her over.Ashley very excited now says oh yes, yes do that
to me.No I think the chair that way I can milk you and whip inside your thighs
as Joanie eats you and I face fuck you.Ashley almost has an orgasm as I tell her
this.Joanie is trying to talk as she doesn't want be left out,ok Joanie you will
get yours too.And just so you don't feel left out I will raise the setting on
your breast pump and pull your breasts all the way into the end of the cups,that
ought to give you some delouses pain.She mumbled something and tried to shake
her head yes.I see Ashley removed her nipple rings I hope she removed yours
to,Ashley shook her head yes.And Joanie I have a surprise for you,I left it
outside the door and will bring it in when I have you ready for it.Ashley smiled
at me as she knows what it is.When I brought the miniature display twenty four
inch spit rod home and showed it to her. I could it excited her,as she held it
ran her hands up it,then put her fingers around its two inch diameter I could
hear the trembling excitement in her voice as she said this is just the right
size with her breathing coming quicker.I knew Joanie got all hot and excited at
live roast when we were spiting a cow but dident know Ashley did also.I knew I
would have to get her one also.This also put a thought in my mind of a new game
the three of us could play.I also had a thought in the back of my mind that I
might be spitting these girls for real some day,that really gave me a huge hard
on,had to get my mind on other things.Unknown to Ashley I had went back and
bought her a spit rod also.

I had Ashley get in the chair and then I strapped her down,with straps around
her legs and below her breast which also pined her arms to her sides.Then I put
the breast cups on her and turned the milking machine on,as soon as the suction
was built up with her breast sucked about half way up in the cups I moved over
to Joanie.First I removed her gag which made her happy and after she spat the
taste of the leather dick out of her mouth I said I would give you something to
wash that out but in just a second you will have Ashley's pussy juice to kill
the taste.She smiles and returns with push her over here I need to lick that
thing. I switched her pump on and rolled Ashley up to her head and hooked the
two short chains from the chair to hooks on the end of the table.Then when I
reclined her chair it pushed her couch snugly into Joanie's face where her
tongue was up inside Ashley's pussy.The girls liked this game and they swapped
places each time we played. Now I kneeled down by Joanie's pump controls so I
could watch her breast as they were sucked all the way into the tubes when I
turned the controls up.I told her to scream when she had all the pain she
wanted,she mumbled ok from inside Ashley's pussy.I removed my pants and
underwear to free my hard cock then got down to watch her breast as they were
sucked into a round long shape inside the cups,I stroked my hard dick as I
watched this erotic sight,between this and Ashley's moans combined with the
smell of her pussy juice I almost cum right there.Just as her nipples are almost
sucked down into the suction hose she screams,I cut the pump off and let the
vacuum hold her breast as they are.Now I check Ashley's pump which is set on
standard milking pressure,it has sucked her breast up into the large part of the
cup and is holding there and is ok.Joanie loves the breast torture and can take
more than Ashley on her breast and nipples.Ashley is moaning and lets out a
scream as she has her second orgasm from Joanie's mouth and tongue.I move behind
Joanie and run my hand between her legs and feel inside her pussy lips.She is
soaking wet.I bend down to inhale the sexy odor of her wet pussy,then put two
fingers in and slip then around until they are wet.I pull my fingers out and
take them around and put them in Ashley's mouth to suck on.She greedily sucks
and licks the juice off them.Now I move back to Joanie's pussy and put my hard
cock just inside her pussy lips and feel the wet warmth of her lovely body and
then I slip on in as she moans inside Ashley's wet pussy.I start a slow gentle
rhythm fucking her as I don't want to cum yet.Soon I feel it coming on so I pull
out,this brings a muffled protest from Joanie.I go to the door to get their
surprise,Ashley has her head laid back having another orgasm and doesn't see me
and Joanie's face is in Ashley's crouch and can't see.Ashley looks up as I come
back in the door,her eyes light up and she lets out a loud squeal as she sees
the two spit rods Then she has another mind blowing orgasm as she screams OH I
WANT MINE,I WANT MINE.I move over to her and  put the tip of one spit rod in her
mouth and she went nuts and tried to swallow the whole thing as she sucked and
had another orgasm.I told her I was going to release her and tie her across
Joanie's back and then I am going to spit both of you.She screamed OH MY GOD
SPIT PLEASE SPIT ME.Joanie is trying to figure what is going on as she can hear
us but cant see the spit rod.I lay both rods on the floor behind Joanie and hold
my finger to my lips for Ashley to keep quite and we will surprise Joanie.

Now I release Ashley and Joanie wants to know what is going on as her head is
still tied down to the chin pad on the table and can only look forward.Ashley is
so excited she runs around and flops down across Joanie,s back ready to be tied
down.I pull her out stretched arms over and tied them to the side of the
table.Now with Joanie still asking questions I picked the spit rods up and went
around to her face.As I held the spit rods up for her to see she screamed OH MY
GOD, OH MY GOD as her eyes rolled back in her head and shuddered into a massive
orgasm as she screamed SPIT ME, SPIT ME,PLEASE SPIT ME.I walked behind her and
put my fingers in her pussy to get them wet,then put them to her but hole to
lube her up then I put the tip of the spit in her pussy about six inches to get
wet.She is screaming DO IT,DO IT,I pulled it out and looked at Ashley her eyes
were glued on the spit as she licked her lips she was shaking with sexual
excitement.As the tip of the spit touched Joanie's ass hole she went to
screaming and orgasming while shaking and jerking.Yelling OH MY GOD ,OH MY GOD I
AM BEING SPITED ,I AM BEING SPITED.Ashley is having another climax as she
watches me start to push the spit into Joanie who is having multiple orgasms.I
push the spit in about eight inches and between Joanie's screams I tell to keep
her mouth open that I don't want to break her teeth with the tip.Now she goes
nuts screaming and orgasming.I shove the spit in until I feel resituates and
stop with about eleven inches inside her,she is still orgasming.I look at Ashley
who cant take her eyes off the spit in Joanie's ass,she is moaning and shaking
with sexual excitement.Do me please do me.Ok honey you are next,she screams
YES,YES.I take the other spit and tell her I an going to wet this in your pussy
so it doesn't hurt you to much ,now be a good cow and I will have you spited and
on the fire in a few minutes.She went nuts she screamed and jerked as she yelled
I WILL BE A GOOD COW SPIT ME, PLEASE SPIT ME,PUT ME ON TO ROAST, SPIT ME She is
climaxing as I start the spit in her ass.I don't know how many orgasms she has
had tonight but she must be worn out.I am able to get about ten inches into her
as she has her last orgasm.I release the suction on Joanie's breast and release
Ashley and must help her stand as she is so weak from all her orgasms,then I
release Joanie and she is also weak.As the girls recover from there ordeal I
tell them that I will whip them next time we play before I spit them that they
have had enough tonight,They smile and shake their heads yes.Then they tell me
to lay on the table and both will suck me off.It doesn't take long to shoot my
load in Joanie's throat.The girls both take there spit rods with them telling me
that they love me and how much they love their presents.

Saturday morning and I am checking our Catering schedule for the next week,have
to make some changes,just received a e-mail order from A.T.A.Corp one of my
largest customers.They rescheduled their annual company cook out for a month
earlier than usaual.I have to get ready as it is to be held this coming
Wednesday.We will have to work late today as we must have our Vet inspect
fifteen young cows and three young bulls for the cook out.Then we will move them
over to the ready barn.We have a Operating Room there to disable the speech
chords on any out of the Orphan Herd who can still speak,as the cattle in this
are left with there power of speech for adoption or outside live sales as this
process is permanent.This operation is necessary as in some cases under extreme
stress and pain the cows regain the power of speech and this can up some guests
at a live roasting,their screaming is ok.

The other news this morning is about the Senator.He is in some trouble in
Washington along with a number of his cronies.The news didn't give a lot of
details but something about some illegal deals they are involved in.Well I don't
want anymore dealings with him.

END PART ONE




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:STORY TWO:

The Orphan Barbecue: CHAPTER TWO:

I call down to the Ready Barn to check the status of stock available with my
Ready Stock Foreman Becky.She always keeps a few extra cows on hand for
emergencys,she doesn't think I know but that is one of the reasons she is my
foreman she takes care of business plus she is one hell of a fuck and built like
a brick shit house.She has four cows and one bull we can use,I tell her to meet
me at the Orphan Holding barn at ten o clock and we will make the
selections.This barn is where we hold all who have reached there thirteenth
birthday until they are sold or put in one of our programs.I call our vet to
meet us at the barn.Since all the stock for this cook out is to be live cooked
and this is one of our best customers we will need to pick the best looking
cows.We should be able to find one bull to fill the bill.I quickly finish my
other paper work and head to the holding barn.

Becky and the Doc are already there and the two stock tenders have released all
the cows from their restraints in the stalls and have lined up against the barn
wall.We have forty cows and eight bulls to pick from.Becky agrees we should be
able to find what we need here.It is very noisy as all the cows are crying and
screaming in fear but don't know what is happening several try to run but are
herded back by the stock handlers who menace them with cattle prods.Their arms
are restrained behind them but their legs are not restrained as the barn has
solid steel door that operate on a coded key card.The stock handlers order them
to shut up and they comply except for a few softly sobbing as they don't want a
shot from the cattle prods.Becky starts at one end of the line and takes each
naked cow and turns her around for us to inspect we are looking foe several
things in the cows.Frist they must have a beautiful face,they must have a nice
set of breast and a nice ass and lastly  their body weight needs to be between
60 and 85 pounds,these wont dress out a lot of meat but these cows are more for
entertainment than meat.As four hundred ponds of roasts,ribs and hamburger is
also on this order.The fifteen cows and three bulls were ordered for live roasts
and although they will be eaten they are evenings entertainment after all the
guests have rested up from the morning sex ogre and large meal.The Morning
entertainment is provided by ten A.T.A employees who won the contest held each
year.The contest is called WHO YOU WOULD LIKE MOST TO SEE SPITTED.There are 5
women and 5 men winners by most employees votes.These winners will not really be
spitted but will be restrained on spitting tables just like they were really
Live Roasts.As strange as it may sound many women have a secret fantasy about
being live spitted and roasted,and a few men also.The women who sign up for this
contest all have this fantasy,usauly the males just want to have sex with all
the beautiful female employees.

Becky is going down the line of cows and picking the ones she thinks will work
for us and as she selects one the cow is moved over to the side.This causes a
lot of screaming and crying but the stock herders handle them with out any
problems.The young cows do not why they are being separated from the herd but
they fear everthing.Since they were taken from the orphans home and put in this
barn they have received a shot every three days to block there speech.They can
not talk to each other and none of the farm workers talks to them except to give
them orders.Here they are frightened and bewildered and naked with there arms
tied and people separating them from the rest of the herd.When she has the cows
selected she moves over to the bulls who are separated from the cows.She has the
stock handlers back the bulls up to the sets of restraints on the wall and strap
them up.Now she takes the first bulls cock in her hand and slowly jacks his
cock,it is not long even with the bull completely terrified that his cock starts
to harden as his body responds to her hand.Becky continues on him until he
reaches full erection. Becky appraises his cock size and moves to the next bull
leaving the bull with his hard cock pointing straight out and him breathing
hard.She performs the same thing on each bull before she makes her
decision.Becky has picked out twelve cows and three bulls for us to take a good
look at and pick the ones we want the others she will take to the Ready
Barn.This will give her a few extra head for an emergence.

When we have made our choices they are taken to he Ready Barn for surgery and
gotten ready for Wednesday.While in surgery they will be ringed also.The cows
get two rings in each pussy lip,one in her clitoris and one in each nipple,these
are for display purposes while they are cooking.The rings are used to attach
small chains,weights,small bells,pussy spreaders and other devices to enhance
the sexual erotic appearance of the live roasts,and of course to make them
scream more from the added pain.Many customers leave this up to the discretion
of the chef,but many have a custom order such as this one and specify how they
want their roasts dressed out.The order calls for The bulls for this customer
are ordered for the entertainment of the top ranking females in management and
their sectaries and these ladies place their own custom order for them.They
ordered the see through Pyrex cock covers,Bull Ball Busters and nipple rings
with weights on all three.Two of the bulls are to be impaled on the spit rods
and one is to be on the special Non Impale spit rack.The standard order for this
customer is none of the roasts are to be gaged.The order calls for ten cows live
spited and cooked on open pit.Three cows live roasted in clear glass Pyrex
roasters.Two cows baked in clear glass Pyrex ovens.Two bulls live spited and
cooked on open pit. One bull on non impaling spit rack and cooked on open
pit.All to have clips,weights.bells,pussy spreaders,cock tubes and ball
busters.Since this cook out party is to be held at our club house cook out
picnic grounds this means it is much easier for us to do this cook out as we
don't have to transport everything to another location and set up all the
equipment we can set up Monday and Tuesday and be ready.The Catering Crew will
need to move the extra pits,roasters and ovens over and set them up,we don't
have that much equipment permanently set up at the club house.Another advantage
to it being held here on the farm is the cows be prepared and ready foe our Chef
and brought over as needed and not have to be loaded and transported on our
special meat trailers.I was to set up for three hundred and fifty to four
hundred employees and spouses.

Now the rest of that job will be finished by Becky and our vet I need to get
back on finishing the details for Tuesdays Auction.

Since the very large A.T.A.Corp order came in I have to rework the whole auction
schedule,now we will be buying cows instead of selling them.We will still take
the milkier burn outs and the burned out bulls but will not take the canners and
cutters from the orphan meat herd.Canners and cutters is an old term left over
from the four leg cattle days.This term means cattle that don't make the Grade A
standard and are used as ground meat and other less expensive meat cuts.Although
these cattle don't bring a big price in the commercial market they usually bring
a good price at auction.A lot of people cone to the auction to buy a roaster for
the family and buy them as most cant afford the more expensive  beautiful young
cows to roast.The milkier burn outs bring a better price also than they would in
our packing house as they are also bought to put in the home freezer the older
bulls are usually only good for ground meat and specialty cuts such as their
cocks and balls,which are highly prized by the ladies.

The whole schedule is the window and have to spend the evening making the
changes.we have several more cool outs scheduled in the next two weeks so now I
must decide how many and what kind of stock to buy at the auction.There is still
enough stock on the farm in various programs to take care of our commitments but
I don't want to operate that close.I have a cattle buyer up north who makes all
the large government auctions  around the large cities and picks up some very
good bargains for me.He is sending a shipment of three hundred head,they are due
here week after next.This shipment is a mixed lot.Some of them are orphans ,but
the rest are former humans sentenced to become livestock.These are criminals and
repeat offenders juvenile delinquents and a few who were from families who had
them converted to human cattle.The cows range from 10 to 20 years of age,there
are 25 bulls also ranging between 11 and 18 years of age.Bob my buyer tells me
some will make good breeder bulls and the rest will make milkers.This is another
program that is very important to the farm.This program provides bull sperm
which we sell to small farms artificial insamution,but it is most important for
over counter sales in our meat market.The other important use of bull semen is
for our Catering Service as it is used for many specialty dishes.These are in
great demand by the ladies.The bulls are milked three times a day,they are taken
from there stalls each morning and restrained in a special set of stocks.these
lock their heads and wrist to a cross bar which puts them in a leaning position
with their legs spread and ankles restrained to eye bolts in the floor.The floor
is concrete with a slope to a drain so it is washed down several times a
day.After the bulls are locked in the stocks the milking sleeve is put on their
cock,this is secured by a Velcro strap around their waist.The milking sleeve is
three inches in diameter and twelve inches long with a vinyl liner inside,the
sleeve is vacuum operated and pumps up and releases as it jacks the bull
off.This and an anal plug are connected to a computer program which the bull
automatically.The anal plug is designed to deliver a severe shock when the
program senses he is not cooperating.

After allowing for some extra stock to handle our needs plus a 10 percent over
stock I feel we will be ok,we will not sell any stock this time.We will buy
stock and keep everything we had scheduled for the auction.We need to buy 50
head all them cows.

Sunday I give everyone the day off except personal needed for essential
services.Then I call Becky and tell her to have Ashley fix her up to the short
table in the Special Milking Room at one o clock,I want you face up as I want to
work on the front of you.She exclaimed Oh Boy Its Been A long Time.

At one o clock I meet the girls,both are naked and Ashley has Becky restrained
to the table on her back.Her head is strapped down to a padded headrest and she
is strapped to a four inch high pad under her hips which pushes her pussy up
between her wide spread legs which are sticking up in the air.Ashley has
attached them to a four spreader bar from an overhead pulley rope.Becky looks at
me and says its been a long time since you gave me a good working over I hope
this is a good long one and smiled at me with that beautiful face.I surveyed her
gorgeous body all laid out on the table awaiting my hard cock and whip.Ashley
wants to know what have you got in mind for me,I hope it is yummy.I undress and
hook Ashley's hands to a 4 ft spreader bar and lift her up above the table on a
rope pulley.Then I remove both girls nipple rings,they know now that I am going
to whip there breast's,amoung other things.Now I lower Ashley down with her
pussy on Becky's mouth and tongue.She squealed as Becky stuck her tongue inside
her pussy,I had Ashley facing me so I could whip her as I fucked Becky and
whipped her also.I go to the cabinet and get a small horsehair whip and thin
riding crop.Moveing between Becky's legs I enter her wet pussy with my hard cock
and start a slow fuck in her.Ashley is already moaning and breathing hard from
Becky's tongue strike her hard with the horsehair whip across both her
breast.She throws her head back and screams and thrust her pussy down hard
trying to impale it on Becky's tongue.quickly I slash Becky across her breast as
I continue to fuck her,She screams into Ashley's pussy and both girls convulse
into an orgasm.Now as I continue to fuck Becky I Ashley's inner thighs and
Becky's breast and stomach.Both girls continue to scream and convulse in
multiple orgasms.I can feel my orgasm coming on as I continue fucking Becky and
whipping both girls then I explode and pump my load of cum into Becky's hot
pussy.Spent I pull out and use the whip on Becky's inner thighs which brings a
blood curdling scream from her as she climaxes again.Then I move behind Ashley
and use the riding crop on her legs and butt,as she screams and goes into more
orgasms.Now I stop to let the girls recover.

I then lift Ashley up off Becky's mouth and release Becky from the table and let
Ashley down until her feet are on the floor.Becky helps me blindfold Ashley and
helps me bring Becky's surprise,Ashley is in on the surprise.I now lift Ashley
up about four feet in the air.With Becky's help and over Ashley's questions we
tie her ankles to her upper thighs.Then we put a fifteen inch spreader bar
between her knees.Over her screams we attach weighted nipple clips on her and
then a pussy spreader.This is a oval steel ring 4 inches in diameter with six
metal spring loaded clips attached to it.The clips attach to her pussy lips and
four small chains go around her thighs and attach to a small chain around her
waist ,this spreads her pussy wide open.She is still screaming as we insert a 8
inch metal dildo in her pussy and attach it to her waist chain with the two
small chains attached to the outward end of it.Now she is ready and I lower her
down enough to remove her blindfold.She is still asking what we are doing
between her screams.Her surprise is Pyrex Roaster I had out work shop fitted
with small wheels,we did not plug it in as we were not going to roast her.As I
remove her blindfold and she sees the roaster with the 12 in skewer rod
protruding up from its center she goes nuts.Screaming and shouting OH MY GOD
YOUR GOING TO ROAST ME,PLEASE ROAST ME PUT THE SPIT IN MY ASS, SPIT ME ROAST ME
as she convulses into a massive orgasm.Becky and I both smile as we know this is
one of her fantasies.I then start to slowly lower her onto the spit rod I stop
as her butt hole touches the spit and Becky guides it into her.She screams at
the top of her lungs as she feels it start to penetrate her.I slowly ease her
down onto the greased spit rod as she screams and orgasms several times until
she is all the way down with all 12 inches of steel in up her ass.She is still
yelling between screams OH MY GOD I AM SPITED AND THEY ARE GOING TO ROAST ME
ALIVE ,OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD then she screams and convulses into more orgasms
look at Becky who has one hand pinching her nipples and the other hand buried in
her pussy.She is staring at Ashley in the Roaster with glazed over eyes.Her
breathing is rapid and her face flushed as she gazes at the sight before her
while having a massive orgasm smile as I realize she has a fantasy also.I will
work out a nice surprise for her next time we get togather,but now I will give
her a small surprise I tell her to stay with Ashley for a few minutes and I will
return I slip my pants on and make a quick trip to the house.

When I return Becky has the horsehair whip using it on Ashley's breast,both
girls are screaming in sexual excitement as they orgasm again.I take the whip
from Becky and lay her across the table and restrain her wrist to the other
side.I had set the 18 inch display spit rod outside the door and tied her with
her head away from the door.I retrieved the spit rod and when I put it in front
of her face she went berzerk.She started screaming until she ran out of
breath,when she could breath again she is yelling OH,OH,MY GOD YOUR GOING TO
SPIT ME.PLEASE SPITME,SHOVE IT IN ME PLEASE.I look at her fine body and it's a
hard decision if I want to fuck her first or wait and fuck her beautiful face.I
decide to skewer her first,Ashley is still moaning and pushing herself up and
down on the spit rod up her ass.I don't know how she can still be orgasming
after all this time.I move behind Becky who is straining her head to watch me as
she is moaning SPIT ME,OH PLEASE SPIT ME.I slap her on her gorgeous ass and tell
her now be a good cow while I spit you.Your fine ass will taste good sliced on
my plate,She screamed and climaxed again.I stuck the spit in her wet pussy to
lube it up and then started the tip in her butt hole while she is still
screaming and convulsing on the table.When her screams die down I tell her,I am
going to cut your breasts off and eat them with barbecue sauce.Hold still now be
a good cow while I spit you,this sets her off again.Screaming yelling and
climaxing.Ashley is going nuts also as we watches me shove the spit up Becky's
ass.Becky calms down a little and I tell her as soon as she is cooked I am going
to slice her pussy off and eat it with my finger.She screams YES COOK MY
PUSSY,EAT MY PUSSY.As I slide the spit in her she orgasms again as it is in
about eleven inches,then she just lays panting on the table totally spent.I see
Ashley is just hanging from the wrist cuffs ,she is also spent.But they are not
through yet and I lift Becky's head and hold her by her hair.I tell her to open
her mouth as she does I slip my throbbing cock is and fuck her face.her lips
fold around my shaft and I slide down her throat.It dosen't take long until I
feel my climax approaching and tell Ashley to open her mouth,as she opens her
mouth I pull out of Becky's and rush over to her.I shove my cock in and
instantly shoot my load down her throat as she tries to swallow it all.Now we
all three are spent,and after getting my breath back I release Becky and then
Ashley who moans in pain as we remove the metal clips from her nipples and pussy
lips.Then they both hug and kiss me and tell me that was the most fantastic time
they had ever had.They wanted to know when we would do it again.I told them
after the A.T.A. cook out as those things always made us horney,and we would
have Joanie and Patty with us.Patty is in charge of the Orphans Home and she is
one fine piece of ass also.

We are going to have a big party the weekend the big shipment of human livestock
arrives.Susie and Cathy my stock buyers will be arriving with the shipment.They
check auctions and private sales to appraise the stock for any good buys,they
have given me a good report on the big shipement.Both these girls are drop dead
beautiful.Over half my farm crew are women,ten are in charge or all major farm
programs.This is not only because they are beautiful but they are very good at
their jobs.And loving to play our little sex games doesn't hurt.

END CHAPTER TWO




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

The Orphan Barbecue:CHAPTER THREE:

Well it is Wednesday and as I get ready to go check on the crews I am watching
the news while trying to make sense of the E-mail I received this morning.It is
from Ambassador Johnson.Since I don't pay much attention to politics I did not
know he is Americas Ambassador to Germany.He explains that he is the brother of
Linda Carson who the Senator had converted to human livestock along with her two
children .Then the Senator tricked me into killing and cooking them.The
Ambassador explains that he is investigating the Senator and his gang and he
knows most of the story but would like to call me  get the whole story.He adds
that he is not after me but he needs to know what really happened.He will call
at seven o clock Friday evening.So that is the big trouble the Senator is in I
hope I am not in it with him.

Time to check out the preparations for the A.T.A.cook out.We plan to have the
morning entertainment ready at 9 O clock.The Setup crew moved in all the extra
cooking pits and roasters and ovens that we will need.The crew has set up 15
spitting tables and 5 special bull tables.The bull tables are 3ft wide and 25
inches long on end I narrowed to 4 inches 10 inches from the end this allows a
female to push her pussy tight up into the bulls mouth.The other end is squared
off and has a raised padded block 4 inches at the very end.There is a pad
running down each edge for a person to climb on the table to fuck the bull in
his ass.These tables are not quite waist high to allow stsnding behind the bull
to fuck him or torment his genitals.the tables have restraining straps all
around the sides.The bull tables are to restrain the 5 bulls for the ladies
pleasure this morning.Restrained on their backs the ladies will have full access
to their heads,cocks and ass holes.The 5 winning female employees will be
restrained face down in the spitting position on the regular spitting
tables.Along table is setup filled with all the toys the guests will use on the
temporary cows and bulls.The table is loaded with several types of whips
dildoes,strapons,penis gags,O ring gags,pussy stretchers and all types of spring
loaded nipple and pussy clips.

The temporary A.T.A cattle were picked Tuesday afternoon by our Catering Crew at
the Corporate Offices.This is all part of the Contest Winners Fantasy Roast
treatment.The crew is taken to each winners office where she is pronounced to be
converted to human cattle,she is then gagged and restrained.Her arms are tied
behind her and leg hobbles with 12inch chain are put on her.The males receive
the same treatment.This is done with a lot of hooping and whistles and cat call
from fellow employes.And this sight causes a lot of hard cocks and wet pussies
among the watching employes.Some time one of the converted cows wants to change
her mind at the last minute,then the crew must catch her and restrain her.The
cattle are taken down to the stock trailer and have hoods put on their heads and
restrained standing against the walls.At this time most of them want to change
their minds,but it is to late as they have all signed a waver which makes this
legal.

Upon arrival at the farm they are unloaded and we process them just like any
other livestock except for the chemical tank which removes all body hair except
the hair on their heads.Instead they are taken to the breeding barn where Ashley
and Joanie strip them and restrain them one at a time on one of the frames.Then
they shave all their pubic hair.The converted cattle are then put in stalls in
the milking barn as it temperature controlled.They are restrained for the
evening.After Ashley and Joanie feed them supper they are brought to he Special
Milking Room here they are blindfolded and restrained to the wall.When I arrive
Becky and Patty my Orphan Home Manager are there with Ashley and Joanie.Earlier
Joanie had some of her milkier crew move 3 spitting tables in the room.I
instructed the girl to put Jill the little 19 year old  blonde on one of the
spitting tables and Karen the big breasted red head on the Special Milking 
Table.I then told the 4 girls that the Special chair and the 3 other spitting
tables were theirs.They could put the other cows and bulls on them.I explained
that we would keep the blindfolds on them but other than that they could use
them as they wanted.For the next few minutes the girls were busy as beavers
restraining the unwilling temporary cattle to tables.Darla a beautiful girl with
long black hair was on one table with Patty removing her gag and telling her
what she was going to do to her.Ashley had one of the bulls on the other table
and although he still had his gag in his mouth he was smiling with his hard cock
waving in the air.Joanie had Peggy a 20 year old pretty brunette strapped to the
Special chair and had her head laid back.Peggy was raising hell as Joanie
removed her gag and sat down on Peggy's face and buried her pussy in her
mouth.Peggy was still trying to protest and move her head away when the little
horsehair lashed across her breasts.She was silent for a half a second until the
pain reached her brain then she screamed bloody murder and went into a wild
jerking fit.As she was screaming Joanie pushed her pussy down and fucked her
screaming mouth and tongue.While this was going on Becky had put a 8inch strapon
cock on and was shoving it into a still gagged Barbie a beautiful little 18 year
old blond who was screaming her head off behind her gag.I had just removed
Karen's gag she had started to yell wanting to know what we were doing to them
when I turned on the breast milking pump on the Special Milking Table she was
strapped to with her breasts in the milking cups.She stopped in mid sentence as
the vacuum pump sucked her ample breasts inside the plastic cups.Her mouth flew
open in surprise,she could not believe her beautiful breasts were stretched out
8 inches long.Then she started screaming as her nipples were pulled into the
ends of the suction tubes,then I turned the pump off as the suction would them
there.Leaving Karen screaming I moved over to where Jill a beautiful 19 year old
with long blonde hair was strapped to the other spitting table.She was strapped
down with her head restrained and her lovely ass up in the air.I stood beside
her and leaned over to look in her terrified face and as I slapped her on the
butt I said.Now you be a good cow and I will remove your gag and fuck you in
your ass so I can hear you scream.Now she is trying to scream around her gag an
trying to shake her bound head.I move behind her and feel her pussy is very wet
despite her protests this is exciting her.The I remove her gag and she is
begging me not to hurt her,but her wet pussy gives her away she is loving this
it is part of her fantasy.For the women who fantasize about being a human cow
and being live spitted rape and sexual torture is part of that fantasy.As I
shove my hard cock in her pussy to lubricate it with her juice she screams and
ahs a massive orgasm.I know then this girl is really in to this human cow live
spit thing.I look over at Ashley as she is riding the young bull's hard cock,she
has left him gagged and is telling how she is going to fuck him in the ass.His
happy look fades from his face as he hears that.The 3 other girls have all the
cows licking there pussies now as they urge them on by whipping there backs and
letting the tip snap down into their pussies.I pull out of Jill's pussy and push
the head of my cock into her ass hole,she screams and yells.OH PLEASE SPIT
ME,SHOVE THAT SPIT UP MY ASS.I slowly ease my hard cock in her as she climaxes
again.dam she is tight.My cock is the first one in here and this girl is into
this.As I finally get all the way in her she is still going nuts and yelling to
be spitted and put on the pit to cook.As I fuck her ass I grab her long blonde
hair and lean over so she can hear me and tell her.Little cow tomorrow I am
going to live spit and cook you,She start screaming like crazy and convulsing in
another orgasm.I continue fucking her and as soon as she is calmed a little I
tell her .Little cow when you are cooked I am going to slice your breast and
pussy off and eat them.This sends her over the edge she is screaming and yelling
so loud I cant even understand her.Then as she jerks and shivers into multiple
orgasms I shoot my load in her tight ass.I am spent and must rest before I work
on Karen who is still moaning and carrying on about her stretched out breast.

As I stand back to catch my breath and recover I see my girls giving the cows a
real bad time,they have the other 4 bulls hog-tied on the floor and are whipping
and fucking them.

As I am recovering a plan is forming in my mind about the cute little Jill,I
will call Dave Jackson at A.T.A first thing in the morning and get an ok on it.

Now I have recovered I go over to Karen who is still going on about her
breasts.I go around to her face and lean over to her ear and tell her.Well milk
cow you haven't given any milk yet I will have to turn the suction up while I
fuck you in the ass and see if we can get some milk out of you.With this she
goes nuts jerking and screaming while yelling NO NO NO.You know little Milk Cow
if you don't give any milk I will we are going to spit and cook you tomorrow.Now
as I move behind her and she has a wet pussy so I know this is a turn on for
her.I slip my cock in her pussy and she orgasms as soon as I am inside her.I
slow fuck her as I look around the room and see my girls are enjoying
themselves,The bulls who joined the contest thought only about all the pussy
they would get.They didn't know there was more to it than having a lot of their
beautiful coworkers fuck them.None of the temporary cows ever read the fine
print in the contract they sign for us when they enter the contest.The contract
is for 48hrs as real human livestock,the exceptions being no permanent damage or
overly cruel treatment.The females usually just sign the contract with a vision
of themselves naked on a spit pole turning slowly over a cooking pit with all
there friends and coworkers looking on.A few of the females are shocked when we
tie them down and whip and fuck them,but for most this is part of their
fantasy.Then for a few like the cute little blonde Jill who will probably end up
on a real spit someday this is a dream come true.I hope when it does happen she
is on my spit pole.

Karen is still moaning and screaming as I fuck her to another orgasm,then as I
pull out and put my hard cock head in her ass hole she screams NO,NO PLEASE
NO,I'VE NEVER I cut her off as I forced half my cock in her OH MY GOD NOOO.She
screams and has another orgasm as I pull back a little and then start to fuck
her ass,she is very tight and she has several more orgasms before I climax and
fill her ass hole with my cum.I pull out of her and clean up at the sink before
releasing the suction on her breast milkier.I tell my girls to finish up with
their fun and then put the livestock away as I head for the house and a shower.

END CHAPTER THREE

Thanks for reading my stories.  PICK UP MAN 




Now A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

The Orphans Barbecue:CHAPTER FOUR:

Jill is terrified she doesn't know what is going on.The beautiful little blonde
19 year old was one of the contest winners at her job.She was excited about
being one of the winners and getting her fantasy fulfilled or being a temporary
human cow.This was all supposed to be pretend not the real thing,now she was
very scared.Two of the girls who work here came and gagged and restrained her
and separated her from her coworkers in there stalls.She was put in this other
building with a lot of young girls,they were tied in stalls.each had a chain
running from a neck collar to a steel post.The girls could only make strange
noises although none were gagged,each had a red on a small ring in their right
ear.She was shocked when a red tag was clipped to her right ear with a little
clip,the clip didn't hurt but it scared the hell out of her.She was put in a
stall and chained to a steel post like the other girls who she knew were human
cows.One of the workers told the other,put her on the list she is tag number
906.We don't have time to have her speech cords cut so the boss said just keep
her gagged until the big event this evening.Now she was really scared all the
contest winners were supposed to be in the big sex party this morning,but she
was with what she now knew were the cows who were to be this evenings live
roasts.She could see some of the other cows and they were all crying and making
strange noises she could tell they knew what awaited them this evening.Now she
awaited the same fate.She was terrified but it was also sexually exciteing.She
could feel the wetness between her legs as she pictured herself tied down on a
table and she could almost feel the tip of the spit rod start up her ass hole as
she screamed with all her might.She leaned against the steel post and moaned
through her gag as an orgasm came over her.

Now the farm crew girls are back with three men who have cattle prods,the girls
start releasing some of the other human cows.Two of the men go to the end of the
building and come herding five young bulls who have arm and ankle restraints,the
chains between their ankles make them take small steps.The girls are herding the
cows in with the bulls and they are restrained like the bulls.all are crying and
making loud strange noises.Jill can tell they are all in a panic as they know it
is almost time,she notices they are all very young.Now the girls come to get
her,the girl Ashley who was in the milking room last night tells her not to make
trouble or she will use the cattle prod on her.She wasn't sure what that was but
she knew she didn't want to so she shook her head yes.She was released from the
post and ankle restraints put on her and then led over with the other human live
roasts,she now knows this is what she is.She cant believe they can do this,she
is not a cow.

They are herded out of the building and down by what looked like corals with
many other cows and bulls in them.Then to a very large coral with a narrow
walled chute at one end,they were herded into the narrow chute.A large sliding
door opened at the end and they were inside a large building.She could hear many
strange noises from back in another part of the large building,she could
machines running and something that sounded like power saws running.Then she
could hear female screams and then a very loud chopping sound,then the screams
stopped for several seconds then started again.She thought she knew where she
was but her mind would not go there,a slaughter house.The workers were removing
all the ankle chains and putting 4ft spreader bars on all the other cows wrist
and ankles,then they put them on her and still no one talks to her.She feels
like a side of meat,she is spread wide open nothing is hidden.These people are
sticking their fingers and rubber hoses in all her private places,she feel just
like one of the other cows.Then she realizes that is what she is a human cow
being readied for the slaughter.Although she is paralyzed with fear this is also
incredibly exciteing.Her fantasy was about being live roasted and had always
been with her with the spit going up into her,or her turning on the spit
cooking.She wakes up in the night with her panties soaking wet as she has an
intense orgasm.She cant put the image of herself on a spit or setting on a
18inch spit rod in a large glass roaster screaming as she slowly turns and
cooks.She is aware that the girl who has her fingers in her wide spread pussy
can feel her wetness and knows she just had an orgasm,the girl looks at her and
gives her a knowing smile.The others are screaming and trying to break away from
the workers.One of the  well built husky bulls pulls free but he is brought to
his knees by a cattle prod.One at a time the cows are lifted struggling and
screaming up and their wrist spreader bar to a large hook in a long rail.The
long rain down the ceiling and disappeared through a set of hanging heavy
plastic curtains.Now all the cows were screaming and trying to kick there
restrained legs,then they lifted her and hooked her up to the rail.They were
slid on the rail through the plastic curtains into a room that looked a lot like
the inside of a car wash.She thought my god they are going wash us and slaughter
us,This is not in my fantasy not with them chopping my head off in this
place.She now knew what the chopping sound was.Then she was having a large
nozzle inserted in her anus and vagina,then she has her gag removed and a nozzle
shoved in her mouth and strapped to her head.This happened so fast she could not
speak.Then she was shocked as water was forced into all her orifices.She knew
they were flushing her out for slaughter.Now all the tubes are removed and again
her gag was replaced before she could speak.Next they were washed down with
pressure sprayers mounted all around the walls.Then they were slid along the
rail to a drying area where large fans blew warm air on them.She was thinking we
are meat on a hook and next stop the killing floor.

She is surprised when she is removed from the hook and along with the others is
again restrained with wrist and ankle chains.Then the girls herd them into
another room,Jill is expecting to see a chute to the killing floor but instead
they are in a large room with many hanging rows of what look like long heavy
clear plastic rain coats.As she watches as Ashley and the other girl are fitting
the plastic coats or as she can see now plastic bags over the other human
cows,then she gets hers.For an instant she wonders if it is raining outside,but
then realizes she is not going to leave this building alive so she doesn't care
if it is raining outside.

Now they are herded into a narrow chute at the end of the room.she thinks this
is it these plastic bags or to keep blood off our bodies when they chop our head
off.A door opens at the other end of the long chute,several cows try to turn
back and are greeted with zaps from the cattle prods and scream very loud but
turn and around and continue down the chute.When Jill reaches the open door she
is surprised to see they are on a truck loading dock.There are a lot of trucks
backed up to the docks,some are being loaded with boxes of milk and some that
look like boxes of meat,human cow meat.In front of them is a large stock trailer
designed to haul human livestock.A man holding a clipboard with coveralls on
with DENTON FARMS CATERING SERVICE on the backs speaks to Ashley and says,my
order for the A.T.A barbecue is for 15 cows and 5 bulls you have 1 cow to
many.Jills heart leaped as she herd these words,she was going to be live roasted
after all.Strange this should make her happy but her crotch was getting wet
again,at least if they were going to kill her she could go out as in her dreams
,on a spit pole.The girl tells him as she pulls Jill over this is tag number 906
and she was just converted to human livestock this morning the Boss has the
legal papers with him.Jill is shocked,this is real but how can they do this.She
knew people were converted to human cattle but how could this happen so
quick,she didn't even get to go to court.Ok the driver says load them up the
Boss is waiting for them so he can start the evening party.Jill knew what that
meant,she was getting wet again as she envisioned the wild sex party ahead of
them.She knew they would be tied to tables and all her ex coworkers would fuck
her and do all kinds of things to her,and make her do things to them.This
picture in her mind brought on a intense orgasm.Jill staggered a little with the
intensity of her orgasm and Ashley grasps her by the shoulders and whispered
it's ok it affects me the same way.But you will have more this evening and then
your ultimate fantasy.Jill's knees buckled as she heard those words and she
climaxed again,Joanis gave her a knowing smile.Then Ashley led her onto the
stock trailer and restrained her standing against the wall.Then she moved to
help load and restrain the other human Live Roast's.All the cows are crying and
struggling as they know where they are going.

The ride was short then the trailer doors opened and a walk way put up to the
trailer.Jill could see a large crowd gathered to watch the unloading.She could
see many of her former friends and coworkers,most of whom were laughing and
calling for the fuck party to begin.She heard one man she knew yell,I WANT TO
FUCK THAT LITTLE BITCH JILL IN THE ASS.She felt a slight shiver up her spine,she
knew a lot of things would be shoved up her ass the last one a spitting
pole.this thought brought on another orgasm,she didn't fall this time as she was
still strapped to the wall.One by one they were untied and taken off the
trailer,the guests both women and men were cheering as the plastic bags were
removed and they could see the young beautiful human cows they were going to
fuck and then cook.As they bring Jill off and remove her plastic bag she sees
Marsha Cole the C.E.O of A.T.A in front of the crowd,Marsha comes over to her
and feels her breast and with her other had she feels Jill,s wet pussy.Then she
pushes two fingers inside Jill and leans close to her and tells Jill,I have been
wanting that beautiful body for a very long time. Since I am the Boss I get you
first, with that she pulled her fingers out of Jills pussy and put them in her
mouth and sucked Jill's cum from her fingers.She then smacked her lips and said
damm you taste good,Jill felt herself getting wetter as Marsha smiled at her and
told her just wait until you taste me yum,yum.And guess what I have ordered the
Chef to serve me your breasts and pussy on a platter covered in bull cum
gravy,then she licked her lips again.Ashley had to hold Jill's shoulders as she
moaned loudly and had a massive orgasm.When she recovered and looked around she
could see most of the cows were already restrained on the spitting table that
were lined up in a row close to the cooking pits.She was strapped to the 2X2 ft
table top with her chin hard against a 4inch high raised pad at one end,this
caused her head to be tilted back and she could only look straight ahead.Her
arms were still bound behind her back and a strap was pulled across her
sholders.The she had a strap across her lower back pressing her down on a 10inch
high pad with her knees on the table top.Her legs were spread wide and her
ankles tied to the table legs.She realized she was all spread open for the fuck
festival and later for the skewer.She could see the bulls across from her as
they were strapped to the special Bull Tables.These tables were 3ft wide and 3ft
long with a padded knee rest on each edge.One end was tapered down to 4inches
wide and the bulls were strapped down on their back.Their heads was strapped
down on the narrow  4inch board.Their hips were strapped down a 3inch high pad
which raised their  pelvic area and exposed their anal hole for use by the
guests.Their legs were spread wide apart and tied to the table legs.All the
human cattle were terrifed and crying and screaming.They all knew that their end
was near.Jill knew that soon she would spitted and cooked also.Strange but this
scene was also in her reoccurring dream except she woke up as the spit was
pushed into her.This time she wouldn't wake up.With her limited view she could
see many of her former co workers undressing and descending upon the bound human
cattle,she knew the sex ogre was starting.She saw one of her best friends a
beautiful little brunette move over to one of restrained young bulls and pulled
her skirt up and remove her panties.She then straddled the bull's head and
buried her pussy in the bulls face.Then Jill's vision was blocked a neatly
trimmed bush above a puffy lipped pussy,then Marsha leaned down and removed her
gag.Hello Jill darling I have a whip in my hand and I want your pretty little
face buried in my pussy,you will lick me until I orgasm or I will whip your cute
little pussy.Jill tried to speak but her mouth was dry from the gag and then it
was to late as Marsha's pussy filled her mouth.Jill was startled and was trying
to breath when the pain streaked from her right but cheek to her mouth.She
screamed into Marsha's pussy,then another streak of fire lanced up from her
inner thigh.With her mouth open screaming she tried to start licking Marsha's
open pussy.She heard Marsha say if you don't want one between your legs get to
licking,Jill sucked Marsha's clit between her lips and started flicking it with
her tongue.Now Marsha starts to moan as Jill's tongue caressed her.Jill could
taste her juices as Marsha was getting wetter.Jill was also getting wet she felt
her nipples harden as her excitement started to build.This was so strangely
exciting to be forced to make love to another woman,this was her first taste of
pussy and she liked it.Now she feels something in her crotch,it feels like
fingers and they slip inside her pussy.Then she hears a voice she
recognizes.Jill baby you are sopping wet,it was Jenny her roommate.Jenny tells
her oh Jill darling I have been wanting to get in your panties since we meet am
going to ride your tongue when Marsha is finished with it.Marsh tell her I am
going to fuck her ass when she is through licking me.Then Marsha speaks to
someone else saying oh thank you just lay the clips and things on the table
under her belly.Marsha tells Jenny to start putting clips on Jill's nipples and
pussy.Jill moans into Marsha's pussy them screams into it as the first clip
bites in to her left nipple.She continues to scream as the little clips bite
into her other nipple and pussy lips.She can tell there are more people around
her as many hands stroke her all over.She has fingers in her pussy and ass hole
and hands caressing her breast.Now Marsha is holding her head and roughly
fucking her tongue as she climaxes.Jill is also having an orgasm as she tastes
Marsh's female juice in her mouth and greedily licks and swallows it.

END CHAPTER FOUR.    By PICK UP MAN      




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

THE ORPHANS BARBECUE:

CHAPTER FIVE:

As Jill kneels strapped to the raised pads on the spitting table she hears many
voices around her and most are her best friends,or they were before she was
converted to human livestock.She can feel their hands all over her ,in her most
intimate places.Well that was before she was a cow ,now as a cow you don't have
intimate places now she is a piece of meat.A piece of meat that will soon have a
large meat skewer shoved up in her ass hole and be over a fire cooking.She feels
a greasy finger in her ass hole she moans as she knows what will follow the
finger but before she can protest a face is before hers,it is Tina one of her
best friends at work.Tina is a very beautiful girl that was in the contest and
just lost out so she became runner up.She tells Jill since I was runner up I get
you.Remember the contest Marsha held for just us girls,well I lost that also.You
know the winners get to help the Chef prepare the cows for roasting.So guess
what since we have a extra cow,you I get to help prepare you.That means I get to
work on those lovely little nipples little metal clips with tiny teeth OH I
can't wait yummy as Jill starts to yell at her Tina grasps her head and gives
her a big tongue kiss.Jill screams into Tina's mouth as she feels Marsha's 8inch
strap on dick penetrate her ass.She then feels several fingers in her pussy and
tweaking her clitoris.Jill knew it was Marsha because she could hear her scream
OH YOU TIGHT ASS LITTLE BLONDE BITCH COW!Tina broke her kiss and leaned down and
told Jill I also get to put the pussy spreader on you,Jill screamed from the
thought of that and also from the rubber cock Marsha was shoving into her
ass.Tina continued telling her and I am going to squeeze the melted butter up
your ass and pussy,Jill screamed again and climaxed.Tina then tells her but
first you are going to eat my pussy and with that spread the lips on her
fabulous pussy and shoved it into Jill's mouth.Tina runs her fingers through
Jill's blonde hair then holds her head tight as she pushes her pussy tight into
Jill's mouth.Tina is screaming at Jill.LICK MY PUSSY AND MAKE ME CUM,TASTE MU
JUICE IT'S THE LAST PUSSY YOU WILL EVER TASTE!Jill had another massive
orgasm.Marsha was pounding away in her ass and the finger tweaking her clit took
her into another climax as she savagely licked Tina's pussy and clit.Then Tina
pushed her pussy into Jill's mouth and cut her breath off as she hung onto
Jill's head and shuddered into a massive climax while screaming her head
off.Marsha is having her orgasm fucking Jill's ass with the 6inch rubber dildo
attached to the inside of the strapon up in her pussy.Jill is having wave after
wave of orgasms with all the attention she is getting.Finally she is spent and
every one pulls away from her.Tina kneels down and gives her a long kiss.She
then tells her darling it is almost time and we wanted to give the best time we
could since it is your last.Jill moaned as Tina continued Bob the farm owner
told me you will have several more orgasms while we prepare you I will help you
as we put the nipple and pussy clips on,Jill convulses into another climax with
the vision of that.He says most cows have one massive orgasm when the spit rod
goes into her,Jill has another climax while screaming with that picture in her
mind.

Jill can see men coming to her table and thinks OH GOD IT'S TIME.But no she
feels her table being picked up and carried over in front of all the other
tables with the other cows and bulls tables.Her head restraint is removed and
she works her jaw to get it working again as she can now look around.But then
out of nowhere a penis gag is stuffed in her mouth and strapped to her head.She
tries to struggle but it is done.She at least hoped to be able to tell her
former best friends goodbye.       All the guest are still naked as they will
rest up until she and the other human cattle are prepared and put on to
cook.Then they will have another sexual orgy among them selves as they watch
them cooking and screaming.As they masturbate and fuck watching her screaming in
the Roaster turning slowly around with the spit rod up her ass.

She looks at the other cows and bulls who show the signs of the rough treatment
they have received from the sex crazed groupe.The young cows are all crying and
trying to scream around the gags in their mouths.The young bulls have suffered
also she can see cum allover them and on their now limp cocks.Jill watches as
several male farm workers move a very long table over close to the tables which
all the other cows and bulls are restrained to.She can see the table is top is
loaded with all types of cooking utensils and many other things. She doesn't
recognize but she knows that they will all hurt and many will be used on her.Now
the men are bringing long thin bundles wrapped in plastic over to the work
table,she knows what these are.They are the Spitting Rods to be used on the
human cattle,she will not get one of these she is to be roasted.Hers will be a
18inch skewer rod protruding up from the bottom of the Roaster.Then she feels
warm water on her and hands with a sponge washing her then a rubber nozzle is
inserted in her anal cavity and then up inside her pussy,she is being washed out
removing all the pussy juice on and inside her.Then they move over to the other
cows and perform the same thing on them.The Catering Crew are moving five
strange looking table over by the spitting tables were the bulls are
restrained.The table has a flat metal top with a 4inch raised ridge near one
end.They have a 2ft high steel pole at each Conner.The men release the bulls one
at a time and with the bulls hand and leg cuffed they are transferred to the
strange tables.With cuffs released they are tied to the 4 conner posts.She sees
the two post at the end has a small hand winch and a short cable.One of the men
tightens the winch which pulls the bull in a large X.Then the table top folds
away down to the side.The bull is now spread taught in a X suspended from the
Conner posts.The other cows were left restrained on their knees and shoulders
with their heads restrained to the chin pad,the same as Jill was restrained.Now
she sees the Chef and one of her former fellow workers move over to one of the
restrained young cows who goes crazy as they approach her carrying a tray with
strange items on it.All the cattle are trying to scream and pull themselves
loose from the tables and only make strange noises around their gags.They all
know they are to be readied for spitting and cooking.

Now all the girls who won Marsha's contest that allows the winners to help
prepare the cows to cook,Tina among them as they line up beside the tables.Tina
moves away from the group and comes to Jill's table,she leans down and gives
Jill a long kiss and tells her you are to be the last one prepared.But don't
worry I will stay with you through all of it.Tears come in Jill's eyes and she
her head that she understands.Tina stands beside her and rubs her back and head
to sooth her.

The other cows and bulls are in a panic as they see the Chef and the Catering
Crew setting small tables up beside each their tables,then bring large trays of
cooking items and sitting them and the small tables.Then a pretty girl comes to
stand beside each table.The Chef moves over to the first table which holds a
young dark haired cow of thirteen,she is in a panic.She is screaming through her
O ring gag and struggling to pull free of her restraints,this set all the other
human cattle off also.Then her legs are released from the table leg restraints
and her ankles are tied to her upper thighs.Then their wrists are tied behind
their necks,a 8ft spit rack is laid the length of her back.The spit rack is a
8ft steel one and a half inch in diamiter.It has 4 six inch round braces wielded
at right angles down each side of the 8 ft rod.Two 5ft steel poles are wielded
to the braces down each side thus producing a rack 5ft long and 13inches wide
with the 8ft center protruding one and a half foot out each end.The protruding
ends are used to hang the cow on the two V poles at each end of the cooking pit.

The spit frame is tied to the cow with heavy wire under and above her
breasts,then a small chin is secured tightly around her waist.The pretty little
cow is screaming and making loud noise through her gag,she tries to fight but is
too well restrained.The other cows are making so much noise that hoods are
placed over their heads to quite them down.Now the young cow is tied to the spit
frame with heavy wire around her abdomen.Thus secured she is lifted and laid on
her back on the table.With her hips resting on the 12inch raised pad it puts her
head lower at the other end of the table.First a small metal pipe knee spreader
is placed on her and is adjusted to splay her legs wide open.Thus allowing
access to her pussy and ass hole.Jeniffer the contest winner assigned to this
cow is now instructed by our Chef how to put the special nipple clips on
her.These clips have tiny metal teeth and a small stainless steel spring on the
outer ends,Then the clear Pyrex breast covers are filled about 1/4th full of
seasoning the covers are available in different sizes to fit any size breast.The
Chef uses over size covers to allow for plenty of seasoning.Inside the breast
covers is a small hook which is hooked to the small springs on the cows nipple
clips,this holds her nipples in a painful streach.This is not only painful but
presents a very sexually erotic view to the guests,many of them have gathered
around the tables to watch.The covers have an electrical terminal on the outside
end which ties the spring and clip into a circuit.Already there are hands
stroking hard cocks and many fingers in pusses.

As Jill looks on and her breathing becomes quicker with Tina playing with her
breast as she watches the erotic sight,she does not notice that the crowd over
watching the preparations have left a wide gap in their ranks which allows her a
full view of the young cow.The young human cows upper body is lifted up high
enough to allow the seasoning filled breast covers slipped on and the springs
hooked without spilling the seasoning.The covers are strapped tight around her
back like a large glass bra.The pretty little cow is in hysterics and screaming
her lungs out.Jennifer is instructed to fill the cows anal and vaginal cavities
with warm melted butter using a turkey baster.At this sight Jill shudders into a
orgasm with the help of Tina's fingers in her pussy.The Chef hands Jennifer the
8inch metal but plug and she slips it into the pretty little cows ass hole
accompanied with her screams of protest.Then Jennifer inserts the 8inch metal
dildo in her pussy,both plugs have small chains that connect them to each other
and to the cows waist chain.Each dildo has two short electrical leads which hook
to the breast covers and tie them into a circuit which attaches to the metal
pussy spreader ring.The electrical leads then tie to the Spit Frame and to the
control box.With the chains tightened up the cow cannot push them back out.She
is still screaming and making strange noises of protest.Next the Chef shows
Jennifer how to put the Pussy Spreader on.This is a steel oval ring 4inches wide
and 5inches long attached to it are 7 small metal clips with tiny metal
teeth.Each clip has a small hook on the outer end.Jennifer attaches the little
clips to the young cow who is going nuts as the little metal teeth bite into her
pussy lips.Moans and a few screams of ecstasy can be heard from the crowd,also
from Jill as she climaxes again with Tina massaging her clit.With the six little
clips on the young cows pussy lips Jennifer rolls her clitoris between her thumb
and finger and clips the last little metal tooth monster on the little cows
clit.This brings on more screams and many more orgasms among the gathered crowd
with screams form a number of women as they have massive climaxes.Then the Chef
has Jennifer hook small chains to the little hooks on the clips which are then
pulled and hooked to the spit frame sine rails.This applies even more pain to
the young human cow who is still screaming like crazy.Now the little cow is
ready for the fire,she will lay as she is until the other cows are prepared at
that time all will have a heavy coating of melted butter brushed on them.The
last thing is to remove the O ring gag and insert a solid rubber gag with a
large hole in its center.This gag is to prevent her from biting her tongue into
when the electrical charge is sent through her,this would cause the cow to bleed
to death to soon.

Our Chef now directs Ashley,Joanie.Silvie and Becky who are assisting him since
there are twenty one cows and bulls to get ready to start on the other spit
frame cows.The Chef moves over to one of the young bulls where a beautiful
blonde girl about nineteen years old is waiting beside her young bull who still
has a hood over his head.The Chef removes the hood and directs Barbara the young
blonde helper to play with the bulls cock and bring him to full erection as her
wanted to do his cock first.His reason for this is it is easier to get the bull
hard before any pain is applied to him.Barbara didn't miss the opportunity to
such the young bulls dick to erection.As she leaned over and sucked his limp
cock in her mouth she could hear cheers from her coworkers around her.Despite
the fear and terror the young human bull was feeling his body betrayed him and
soon he had a raging hard on from Barbara's soft wet mouth.The Chef told her not
to let him climax as his cock would quickly loose it's stiffness.As soon as he
was at the point of orgasm she pulled her mouth off his hard cock.quickely the
Chef slipped a heavy rubber band over it and slipped it down tight against the
base.This serves to help retain the blood in his stiff cock and keep it hard as
possible during the pain and cooking that was to follow.Since this bull is one
of the three to be put on a Spit Frame and be electrocuted he and the other two
bulls are prepared first.This is done with all the human cows and bulls who are
not to be full spited since the full Live Spits die sooner on with the 8ft spit
rod in them.Since there are so many cattle to prepare this will keep them alive
as long as possible for the crowds enjoyment.Now two of the Catering Crew bring
the three foot pipe stands with flat bases on one end and a large V cut in the
top.A Spit Frame is placed under the suspended bull and the ends set on the pipe
stands.His wrists are released and tied behind his head and to the Spit Frame
side rails.His legs were released and tied with heavy wire to his upper thighs
them to the frame rails,an adjustable knee spreader is put on him and he is
spread wide.The Chef has Barbara fill his ass hole with melted butter after this
is finished the Chef tells her to insert the butt plug.This is a special metal
plug 8inches long and 2inches in diamiter.The plug has a two electrical leads
attached to its base it also has two small chains which attach to the Spit frame
rails.The bulls screams become louder as Barbara shoves the large butt plug up
in him.Jill screams into another as she watches the young cows and bulls being
prepared,Tina's hand is still in her pussy helping her along.Moans and screams
of orgasms come from the crowd also.Many cum soaked rags can be seen wiping wet
pussy and cocks there several wet pussies being licked clean by beautiful female
coworkers.The Chef shows Barbara how to put the Bull Ball Cage on the young bull
this is not for crushing as the one to be used on the two spited bulls.This one
has two electrical leads on it.The cage on him tight around his separated balls
which are visible through the wire cage will make a very erotic sight as the
charges of electrical voltage is increased and his balls explode.Six girls won
the raffle to get to operate the electrical control boxes on the three cows and
three bulls.Now the Chef gives Barbara the melted butter and instructs her to
grease up the young bulls still hard cock up with it,as she liberally applies
the butter the bulls cocks regains it's stiffness.Then the Chef hands her the
clear Pyrex Cock Cover.This is a clear glass cover with metal strips inside and
a metal probe inside the end of the tube which is inserted into the bulls penis
as the tube is slipped over his hard cock.The tube has two electrical leads
attached to it ,there are two small chains which attach to the spit frame rail
to hold the cover on tight.The cover also has a small one way valve which a hand
suction pump is hooked to and pumped up ,this helps hold the cover on and also
serves to hold suction up to retain his hard on.Barbara removes her hand and
slips the cover over his cock ,his screams increase as the metal electrode slips
into the end of his cock.Then the cover is chained to the frame rail and the
bulb attached and pumped up,then the hand pump hose is removed and the bulls
cock is held in a vacuum.Next comes the nipple clips which also have electrical
leads on them,the Chef hands Barbara a long set of electrical wires with plugs
that hook up to all the electrical leads on the bull.This hooks him up to the
main rail on the Spit Frame and when he is placed on the cooking pit the voltage
will travel through one of the V forks which the main spit pole will rest.This
pole is wired to the control box which one of the raffle winners will operate.

Jill is watching all the Catering crew girls preparing the human livestock on
several tables,She is having another orgasm as watches the Chef making the
electrical hook up on the young bull,with a vision of herself hanging on the
spit jerking as the electrical current hits her breast and inside her pussy.

END CHAPTER FIVE
By  PICK UP MAN




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

THE ORPHANS BARBECUE:

CHAPTER SIX.

As she looks on still restrained to her spitting table Jill knows that soon they
will be getting to her,it will be her time to be prepared for Live Roasting.The
Chef and Carla one of the girls who she knew at work is assisting him.They are
by a table with a young beautiful blonde headed human cow strapped to it on her
knees and shoulders with her chin strapped down to a rubber pad.Carla was one of
the winners of the drawing held by Marsha Cole the CEO of A.T.A.CORP whose
Barbecue this is.Tina is still beside Jill as she is the winner who is to help
prepare her when her time comes.

The Chef directs four of the Catering Crew to bring one of the special
preparation table over beside the young cow who he is going to work on.These
tables are new and were just purchased for this Barbecue since so many cows have
to be prepared.The tables have a narrow top about 30inches long with a raised
rubber pad 10inches high to lay the cows hips on and at the other end is a
raised 4inch rubber pad.The cows wrist are tied behind her neck then she is
placed on her back with her hips restrained down to the 10inch pad.Her head is
restrained to the table top with the 4inch rubber pad under her neck,the table
top can be raised at one end putting her head a foot lower than her hips.This
position allows access to her breast and crouch.With her head pulled back
against the table she is in position for the spit pole.

Jill watches all this and is in a fever of sexual arousal as Tina continues to
manipulate her wet pussy.Carla is instructed by Our Chef to suck on the human
cows nipples and get them hard.The young cow is almost in a state of shock at
what is happening,she is crying and moaning from behind her gag.Despite the
terror the cow is in her nipples respond to Carla's mouth and they are soon hard
she removes her mouth and puts a nipple clip on each nipple.These clips are
small stainless steel with tiny metal teeth and have a stainless steel spring on
the outboard end which attaches to the inside of the breast covers.This holds
the breast covers on while enhancing the pain and the erotic view.The young
thirteen year old human cow is screaming in pain and through the whole
operation.

Jill is screaming through another orgasm with Tina still playing with her breast
and pussy,as the waves of her climax pass she can see many other women and a few
men climaxing also.As she looks around the catering crew is in varies stages of
preparing the cows for the cook out,she can also see many wet pussy on her
former coworkers with hands stuffed in them.

The Catering crew are getting all the stock ready for our chef who will
supervise the spitting of the cows since this involves more than just shoving a
steel up a cows ass.Our Chef prides himself on keeping his spitted cows living
longer than any other Chef in these parts.The spits will be inserted only after
all the other cows are started to cooking this allows them to live longer over
the fire.He also will also supervise the preparation of the Live Bake and Live
Roast cows.

The young cows legs are now drawn up and her ankles are tied to her upper
thighs,The adjustable knee spreader is strapped on her.The spreader is adjusted
to splay her pussy wide open and reveal her anal hole.Carla is instructed to
fill both anal and vaginal cavities with melted butter as the Chef lowers the
table top end,this lowers the screaming cows head.In this position the butter
wont run back out and Carla inserts the 7inch metal dildo with two small chains
which hook to a 3ft small link chain the Chef tightens around the cows
waist.This prevents the young cow from pushing the dildo back out.The dildo
makes a squishy noise as the melted butter squirts out as it is inserted.The cow
is still screaming around her gag.

Jill is still a sexual excited condition even though Tina is only stroking her
head now to let regain some of her strength after so many orgasms.All around her
she can see her coworkers having a sexual ogre watching the cows being prepared
for cooking.It excites her to think about how many orgasms she will cause among
her former coworkers when it is her turn.She wishes Tina would remove her gag so
she could tell her goodbye and to have many orgasms as she watches her roasting.

The Chef has Carla put the Pussy Spreader on the young cow,since she has watched
it being done she has no trouble.She clips the three little clips to one pussy
as she pulls the lip out with her other hand,and then the other lip next is the
clit clip which brings even more frantic screams from the little cow.Then she
pulls two of the small chains between the cows legs and attaches them to her
waist chain.The two other chains are pulled over the top of her thigh and hooked
to the back of her waist chain.This brings several women stand watching
screaming to a climax with hands in their pussies.With this cow ready to be
spitted she will be left while the others are made ready.

The Chef goes over to the next table where a young thirteen year old cow with
dark hair and a beautiful face .She has a perfect little body.The Chef tells
Susie the girl who is to help him prepare the little cow,I want to bake this one
she will look very nice in a Pyrex Baking Pan.The little cow hears this and
starts screaming and trying to jerk herself loose from the table.

The Catering Crew brings one of the new preparation tables over to the Chefs
side.Then they bring a small table with a large clear glass pan sitting on
it.The pan is a special new type Pyrex Baking Pan,the major new features are the
three slender spit rods of 8.10 and 15inches.One of these will lock into a
bracket in the end of the pan with the cow impaled on it.The Chef directs Susie
to hold the little cows wrist behind her head while he ties them with heavy tie
wire.Then they tie her  ankles to her upper thighs,next the spreader bar is
strapped between her knees and adjusted out.This spreads her little bald pussy
wide open,now she is lifted up and a 6inch rubber pad is placed under her
hips.Susie is directed to use the turkey baster and fill the little cows anal
and vaginal openings with melted butter.Our Chef explains to Susie that the
butter which is made from  milk out of our own human milk cows and will keep the
cow tender and juicy inside.This is important because after cooking her pussy
will be cut out and served as a special dish to the one of the ladies who won
the raffle for breasts,vaginas and bull cocks and balls.The girls who won this
raffle have already placed their orders as to how they want them served,most
want the vaginas sliced and served covered with Bull Cum Gravey.All the winners
of the Bull Cocks want Bull Ball giblet gravy made with bull cum served over the
bull cocks.

Susie inserts a 7inch metal dildo in the young cows pussy and squeezes butter
out which runs down between her legs.The Chef directs Susie to suck on the
little cows nipples to harden them,after they are hard Susie puts the nipple
clips on her.Then the Chef has Susie put the pussy spreader on the cow who is
still screaming from behind her gag.She screams even more as Susie clips pussy
spreader on her pussy lips and the little metal teeth bite into her tender
flesh.When Susie puts the last one on her clit she really goes nuts.

Several women scream into climaxes and one lady leans on the end of the table
and orgasms as she screams.OH MY GOD LOOK AT THAT SWEET PUSSY I HOPE THAT'S THE
ONE I GET.

Jill also screams into her gag as she has another orgasm as Tina holds her head
and kisses her face.They both know her time is almost here as the girls on the
Catering Crew have almost finished preparing all the cows.

The Catering Crew now lifts the human cow and places her on her back in the
clear glass baking pan.The Chef takes a 15inch spit rod and with Susie holding
the cow still inserts it into her ass hole about 10inches as she screams and
struggles.He locks the outward end into the bracket in the end of the glass
pan.Then he and Susie hook small chains to the cows nipple clips and pull them
tight and attach them to hooks on the side of the pan.Then four small chains
were attached to the cows pussy spreader and hooked to the sides of the baking
pan.The young human cow was a lovely sight laying on her back in the pan with
her pussy spread wide open and displaying the end of the dildo and the spit rod
sticking in her ass.She is now ready for the oven.

The Chef tells the Catering Crew to bring the last cow over for preperation,he
points at JILL.

END CHAPTER SIX




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

The Orphans Barbecue:  Chapter Seven.

The Chef is pointing toward her and Jill knows it is her time,she sees several
of the Catering Crew headed over to get her.Tina is by her side telling her not
to worry it will be over soon.Jill was terrified but also highly sexually
excited about her upcoming ordeal.

The men pick her up on the table on which she is restrained and carry her over
where Our Chef is waiting.With Tina's help she is released from her table and
her wrists are tied behind her head with heavy tie wire which is then tied
around her neck.She is then placed face up on one of the new preparation
tables,then Tina is instructed to tie her ankles to her upper thighs.Jill is not
screaming at this point she is only moaning loudly from behind her gag,the
screams will start soon.A 4inch high rubber pad is placed under her hips and she
is strapped down on it,another strap is placed across her under her breast.Now
the Chef has Tina take warm water and lather and shave Jill's under arms and
then her pussy,as Tina pulls her pussy lips out to lather and shave Jill
climaxes with a long loud moan.As Jill recovers and waits for the Chef to begin
again on her she looks at the other human cattle on their tables getting the
final touches for their cooking.The crew is mixing the special liquid glass
mixture and applying it over the cows hair.This is a special material that
hardens in 15 minutes and is used to keep the hair from burning and gives the
cow a natural look as she cooks The mixture is clear see through when it
hardens.Jill thinks at least I can go with my blonde hair as she had worried
about having to die with a bald head.

Tin I directed to put the nipple clips on Jill,Tina smiles at Jill and takes one
of her nipples in her mouth as Jill moans as Tina's warm wet mouth sucks her
nipple in and rolls it around with her tongue,this brings on hard breathing and
even louder moans from Jill.While Tina sucks Jill's nipples the chef took a
light coating of melted butter and applied it inside the clear glass Pyrex
breast covers.These are oversize covers shaped like large glass breast,inside
each cover a small stainless steel springs attached to the tip.The spring will
hook onto the end of the nipple clips which distends the nipple out and causes a
very erotic sight plus increase the cows pain.As soon as Jill's nipples were
stiff Tina attached the little metal teeth monsters on Jill's tender blood
engorged nipples,this brought on a lot of screaming from behind Jill's gag.Then
the Chef had Tina rub a coating or butter on Jill's lovely breast,next came the
breast covers.The breast covers have a small one-way valve on each of them with
a small hookup for a hand vacuum pump.The covers attached straps pull behind the
cow like a bra and hook,with this done the hand vacuum pump is used to extend
the human cows breast even more.Jill is screaming through all this and shudders
through another orgasm,while sever women and men can be heard also having
orgasms as they watch her being prepared.Then Our Chef leans over and whispers
in Tina's ear and she moves around between Jill's legs.She attaches a 20inch
spreader bar between Jill's wide spread knees.The Chef lowers one end of the
table top which drops Jill's head down below her bottom end.Tina takes a turkey
baster and fills Jill's pussy and ass hole with warm melted butter,this excites
Jill almost to an orgasm.As soon as Tina slips the large 7inch dildo into her
pussy she climaxes.Jill does not know the dildo is a remote control
vibirater.She will find this out later.The Chef gives Jill time to recover from
her orgasm before saying to Tina in a loud voice OK TIME FOR THE PUSSY
SPREADER!Jill starts screaming both from her fear and her erotic thought of her
pussy spread wide open with a steel ring and little metal teeth clips.Jill can
see many of her of her friends and coworkers standing around watching her,then
she is spoken to by her former boss Marsha Cole.She tells her all your closest
friends are here and they have drawn names for your different parts of you when
are cooked.Karen and Melinda each got one of your breast and she smiled as she
announced I got your pussy,it will be served face up covered with Bull Cum gravy
and she licked her lips as she looked into Jill's astonished eyes.But don't you
worry all your friends will be here all the way through this.

Now the Chef directs Tina to put the pussy spreader on Jill.Tina takes the
spreader which is a oval steel ring 5inches in diameter with 7 small metal clips
attached around it's circumference.Three of the little metal toothed clips
attach to her pussy lips on each side and the seventh clip attaches goes on her
protruding blood engorged clit.

As Tina pulls Jill's pussy lips out and start attaching the little clips this
also starts the screaming from Jill and many or the girls looking on as several
climax with thoughts of themselves laying on the table.You could see in many of
their eyes visions of themselves bound down and someone's hands in their pusses
putting clips on them as they are prepared to be spitted.This is very common in
many women.I have a beautiful girl working for the farm who I know I will be
preparing for a live roast before to long.We have two women in the ready stock
who are volunteer conversions from Human to Human Cow,you may think this is rare
but it is more common than you think.

Next The Chef has Tina rub a coating of melted butter all over Jill' body as he
prepares a heavy plastic hair cover,he does not use the liquid glass
mixture.This is used on all the Live Roast Cows to give them a life like look as
they roast,the draw back is to remove it you must shave the cows head.This done
The Chef tells Tina to remove Jill's gag so she can tell her friends and
coworkers goodbye.As Tina removes the gag all the girls gather around Jill who
is given a sip of water by Our Chef to moisten her dry mouth after the
gag.Through tear filled eyes and a choking voice Jill try's to tell them all
goodbye as she hears the screams of the other young cows around her that are
about to be put on the fire.While all the good-byes  and hugs are going on The
Chef calls Becky And Ashley over to be ready to put Jill in the Roaster.The
roaster is a large round clear glass Pyrex container 3ft in diameter and 3 feet
high with a large domed glass lid. Looking much like a large glass pot,with
electric heating elements in the bottom.Sitting above the elements is and
covering the bottom is a flat metal turntable which is driven by an electric
motor.In the center of the turntable is a socket which a spitting skewer locks
into,there are three lengths available 8in,12in or 15in,since there purpose is
not to damage the insides of the cow but only to keep her in the center.Our Chef
will choose the size rod according to the size cow he is cooking,this helps keep
the cow alive and screaming much longer as she turns and cooks.The turntable has
numerous hooks on it's outer edge which are used to hook small chains to the
cows nipple clips and clips on her pussy spreader.These chains will hold the cow
down on the skewer which her ass hole is impaled on.The Chef motions for two men
on the Catering crew to take the young cow several tables away from Jill and
take her to one of the large glass roaster.He tell Becky he wants to get the
three young cows and Jill into the roasters and then the three young cows who
are to be Live Baked into the ovens before he starts spitting the other cows and
bulls.Jill screams as she hears this as she knows that her time is near.And she
is glad her friends are with her as they all hug her as the tears stream down
her face.

Our Chef wants to get all the Live Roast and Live Bake cows in the oven and
roasters and then put the three cows and three bulls that are to be electrocuted
on the cooking pits.He will not start the fires on any of them as he still has
six cows to full spit,the three bulls who get a full spit will be the last as
they will need to be brought to a full erection.This is nessary before putting
the Pyrex cock covers and the Bull ball Crushers on them as they will be in
extreme pain.The Chef will do this in this manner since there are over twenty
human livestock to cook.With such a large crowd of onlookers who want to enjoy
all the visual sights and all the screams of the cows cooking this allows them
to have a full blown sex ogre.Of course the ogre has already started while the
guests watch the cattle being prepared and will kick into high gear when he
starts spitting the cows.

The Catering crew take the first young Live Roast Cow and with one man on each
side lift her down into the Roaster while the Chef directs the A.T.A. girl whose
cow she is how to guide the 15inch skewer into her ass hole.This is being done
amid the screams of not only the young cow but the other cows waiting their
turn.Many of the guest are also in a frenzy as they look on,several women scream
as they climax and one beautiful naked lady must be restrained as she tries to
get in the roaster also.The lady is in a fit of sexual ecstasy with her hand in
her pussy screaming TAKE ME TO,ROAST ME TO.The thirteen year old cows screams at
the top of her lungs as she feels the spit pod start into her ass as the
Catering Crew slowly lower her down on it.When it is all inside her with her
still screaming the Chef  tells Molly the girl attending this cow how to hook
the small chains up.Molly hooks three small chains to the little cows pussy
spreader clips and pulls them very tight and attaches them to the hooks on the
edge of the Roaster turntable.This will along with the two tightly pulled chains
Molly hooks to the cow nipple breast covers will keep the little cow from trying
to push herself up off the skewer she is sitting on.The breast covers are clear
glass Pyrex which strap on like a bra and have a stainless steel spring in the
inside tip end which hooks to the young cows nipple cilp.This serves two
purposes one it is very painful to the little cow and it provides a very erotic
view to the guest as it extends her nipples way out from her small thirteen year
old breast.All this brings even louder screams from her and many in the crowd as
the there are many climaxing at this sight.The lid is now lowered and latched
down on the Roaster and Becky opens the large sound ports in the lid and turns
just the turntable on.This allows the little cow to turn slowly around giving
the guests a good view of her wide spread pussy and a good view of the bottom
end of the skewer she has up her ass.The large sound ports allow the guests to
enjoy all the young cows screams now and even more when our Chef turns the
Roaster on and she starts to cook.

Over at the ovens Nancy my Stock Make Ready Foreman is instructing the A.T.A.
Contest winner whose little cow is to be Live Baked on how to check and tighten
the little chain attached to the little thirteen year olds pussy spreader and
breast covers which are hooked onto the edges of the clear glass Pyrex Baking
Pan.Of course this is accompanied wit screams from the little cow as well as
many members of the crowd as many have screaming orgasms.

Off to the side Patty my Orphans Home Foreman is giving a class to the six
female A.T.A. Contest Winners who get to handle the controls on the Electro
Shock Boxes which will be used to slowly electrocute the three little cows and
three young bulls.Patty is showing them with a light bulb hooked to one of the
boxes how to administer many non lethal jolts of electricity so each girl can
keep her victim alive as long as possible.This is done after the cow or bull is
on the rack over the cooking pit with low heat which will be turned up when the
cow is dead and then will be cooked.This allows all the guest to enjoy the
erotic of the voltage causing them to jerk and jump and scream around the hard
rubber gag which prevents them from biting their tongue off.Patty explains to
the girls that care must be taken on the young cows as to large a shot of
voltage will cause her breast to burn or explode.Care must also be taken on the
young bulls as to much voltage will cause their cocks and balls to explode.The
object is to keep them in as much pain for as long as possible and allowing the
using the control to send most of the charge into their pussies and ass holes.

Now all the Bakers and Roasters are taken care of and the Electro Torture human
cattle are over the cooking pits the Chef turns to Tina and says Ok I AM READY
FOR JILL.    

 END CHAPTER SEVEN.    By PICK UP MAN      Rrolingthunder@aol.com




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

The Orphans Barbecue.

CHAPTER EIGHT:

Our Chef has just called for Jill to be put in the roaster as all the other Live
Roasts and Live Bakes were in the ovens and roasters.It is her time although she
has had reoccurring dreams and woke in the night trembling and screaming into an
orgasm thinking of this moment this is for real,not a dream.She is crying and
all her girl friends are hugging her and saying goodbyes.Marsha Cole the A.T.A.
Corp CEO comes by to tell her how sorry she is.She explains that it was not her
doing but the Board of Directors did this behind her back.Tina Jill's best
friend is beside her and tells her she will help put her in the roaster as stay
with her all the way.Tina explains she will guide the skewer into her but
hole,Jill shudders as she has an orgasm at the thought.Her pussy has been wet
all day and she must have had at least ten orgasms so far but she knows the big
one will come in the roaster,although it will be the last one.

Becky and Joanie two of my farm Foremen assist the two Catering Crew release
Jill from her table to take her over to the roaster.Joanie instructs Tina to
grease the 10inch spit skewer protruding up from turntable in the bottom of the
roaster.Jill's wrist were tied behind her neck and with her ankles tied to her
upper thighs she was lifted in a sitting position over to the large round clear
glass Pyrex Roaster.She is moaning with sexual excitement and screaming with
fear as she is lowered down onto the 10inch steel rod she is about to be impaled
upon.Tina is in front of her watching her wide splayed pussy to guide the steel
tip into Jill's ass hole,just as she touch's the tip the crew holds up for Tina
to line her up.Jill lets out a ear shattering scream as she feels the butter
lubed start into her ass,she then shudders into a climax.Her screams continue as
she is slowly impaled on the steel skewer,then as her butt contacts the metal
turntable her eyes roll back in her head and she throws her head back and
screams into a massive orgasm.

As I stand watching with Dave Jackson A.T.A.s Public Relations man and his wife
Annie I feel a tug on my arm,it is Annie who pulls me down to wiser in my
ear.She says in a highly excited voice Bob I want you to do that to me.I look in
her eyes and see she is serious have know her and Dave several years.She
continues Dave knows my fantasy and is ok with it,please do me.I tell her ok we
will talk later.As she still holds my arm I can feel her shudder and orgasming
so hard her knees go weak and I have to hold her so she doesn't fall.I know that
she is serous and some day soon I will be doing her for a Live Roast.At that
moment an idea comes to me which I file away and turn back to Jill who is still
screaming in her Roaster.

As Tina is hooking the small chains from Jill's pussy spreader clips to eye
hooks on the turntable edge she is having another climax as she withers on the
steel rod in her ass and screams.She continues screaming as Tina hooks her
breast cup hooks to chains down to the turntable,then Tina tells her goodbye and
kisses her mouth.Then Tina steps back from still screaming Jill and Becky closes
the lid and latches it,she then turns the motor on to start the turntable.Becky
opens the large sound ports in the roaster lid to allow Jill's screams escape to
the crowd of coworkers gathered around.Many screams of ecstasy can be heard from
the group as more than a few are having massive orgasms.

Dave and I both must hold Annie up as she has almost passed out from multiple
orgasms as she watches Jill in the roaster.

Becky turns the temperature control on to low warm on Jill's roaster before
going over to help the chef finish getting the human cattle on to cook.

Our chef is ready to Finish up on the two bulls who are to be spitted.I pick up
the hand held bullhorn and announce to the guest that final preparations are
being made and the human cattle will be on the fire very soon.

The Chef along with the two girls whose bulls are to be spitted assist the chef
who is now putting the Bull Ball Busters on them.This is a new design we are
trying it is a clear glass Pyrex glass cylinder 3inches in diameter and 5inches
deep.Covering the bottom of the cylinder is a thick steel plate 4inches in
diameter with hooks on two edges,the bottom plate has a threaded turn screw
running up the center of the cylinder.Attached to the top of the turn screw is
another round steel plate which moves up and down inside the cylinder.The other
part to the ball crusher is a heavy steel band which looks much like a heavy
duty hose clamp with a four inch steel plats on it.The clamp is placed around
the base of the bulls ball sac and tightened then the Pyrex cylinder is placed
over his balls.Two small chains hook on the round plate attached to the large
clamp around his nut sac and then to the plate on the bottom of the glass
cylinder.Now his balls are inside the cylinder and sandwiched between the two
steel plates,by tightening the turn screw you can put any amount of pressure on
his balls you desire.This is a much improved crusher over the old one as it was
all metal and did not allow the guest the sexual erotic view bulls being
crushed,this is sure to please the women guests which make up 90% of the A.T.A.
employees.The new Pyrex glass Cock Cover and The Ball Crusher also help prevent
the bulls cock and balls from over cooking as he turns on the spit and they get
to close to the heat.This is a concern as these items as the cows pussy are a
delicacy and each female who gets one of them has won a contest held by Marsha
Cole and of course she gets one of the young cows pussy.She has ordered it open
face on a platter covered with Bull Cum Gravy with minced bull balls in it.

Jessie and Stacy the two girl whose bulls the ball crusher are to be put on
listen as Chef explains how to use them.Stacy is first on her bull who still has
a semi hard on so the Chef tells her to kiss his lips and play with his
nuts.While Stacy is working on her bull Chef has Jessie to work on her bull also
as his hard on has lost a little of his stiffness.Chef has the two girls hook up
the hand suction pumps to the bulls Pyrex cock covers and pump the vacuum up as
the bulls regain their hard on.Soon both young thirteen year old bull despite
their fear were  moaning and getting stiff cocks from the hands and mouths of
two beautiful girls.Now chef tell them to use the hand vacuum pumps which will
help maintain there hard cocks as best it can be done during the upcoming
pain.Now Stacy puts the large steel clamp around the now screaming bulls ball
sac as he realizes that she is going to give him intense pain.Then Jessie helps
her slip the glass cylinder over hid nuts and hook the two chains up.Now the
bulls screams get louder as he realizes what they are doing.A large crowd of
women have gathered around with Marsha Cole up front with her hand in her cunt
urging the two girls on,TIGHTEN IT DOWN SQUEESE HIS NUTS SQUEEZE THEM FLAT.Many
other screams and shouts come from the crowd of women.Both bulls now are
screaming as the other young one knows he is to suffer the same fate.

As I look around everyone is naked now with exception of my Catering Crew and
myself.We would normally join in the sexual ogre at a much smaller party but
this one is so large we have to much to do,as this is the case I will give my
crew the day off tomorrow.This means they are free to use any of the human
livestock on the farm plan to go over to the Orphanage and sample Patty and
several of the twelve year olds pussy.But tonight I will a couple of the girls
over for the night,I think Alice my Farm Foreman and June my Slaughter House
Foreman I haven't but fucked them in a long time.

I turn my attention back to the preparations as I can hear the ladies in the
crowd shrieking and screaming much louder now.I can see there is not a dry pussy
in the crowd or a soft cock.Looking over to the Roasters I see Annie Jackson by
Jill's Roaster with one hand in her pussy and leading on the Roaster holding
herself up as she has wave after wave of climaxes.She and Jill are both
screaming as they climax while Jill slowly turn on her turntable with the steel
skewer up her ass.

The crowd of female guests around the two young bulls is getting quite vocal now
as more than a few of the guest are vigorously masturbating as they anticipate
Tracy tightening  the turn screw on the Ball Crusher.The sexual excitement is
wild waiting to view the highly erotic sight and sounds of the bulls in
incredible pain as their nuts are crushed.

Now the moans and screams of the females can be heard even over the screams of
the restrained bulls as Tracy holds the Ball Crusher with hand and makes the
first turn on the poor screaming bulls balls.

END CHAPTER EIGHT.        By PICK UP MAN     Rrolingthunder@aol.com        




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:
The Orphans Barbecue.
A SPIT UP THE ASS:
Chapter Nine.

The noise is deafening from the crowd of females screaming, drowned out only by
the young bull about to have his balls crushed by Tracy.  The other young bull
is also screaming as he knows he is next as Jessie is attaching the large metal
clamp with the upper crusher plate on his ball sac.  The two young bulls are in
such a state of terror over their balls they have forgotten they have a much
worse ordeal ahead of them.  As soon as they think they can stand no more pain
they will have an eight-foot steel pole shoved up their ass, they will be
spitted.  But right now all they can think about is their balls.

Ashley has the six girls who will use the control boxes to electrocute the three
young cows and three young bulls standing by and going over the controls with
them.  These girls are winners of one of Marsha Cole's, the CEO of ATA, contest
and get to operate the control boxes.  The cattle are hanging over the cooking
pits tied to spit frame racks and are not impaled but will die an equally
horrible death when the girls slowly electrocute them.  The cattle are wired to
four separate control switches on the electrical control boxes which are used to
control the amount and duration of the voltage sent to each part of their body. 
The cows have separate controls for their butt-plugs, dildos, pussy-spreaders
and nipple clamps.  The Bull's controls are for their butt-plugs, nipples, balls
and penis insert.  The six girls are very excited and all have a hand in their
pusses inducing a number of orgasms watching their victims slowly turn on the
spits waiting to start their torture.  The whole crowd of guests is in a highly
excited sexual state with all the cows and bulls screaming as all face their
impending doom.

Jill still sits in her glass Live Roaster turning slowly turning on the
turntable with the twelve-inch steel skewer up her ass.  A large group of her
friends are gathered around her and most are masturbating themselves but some
are down on their knees servicing other girls.  A few men were jacking off to
the erotic sight of Jill's wide spread pussy with her dildo showing just above
the view of the bottom end of the steel pole she has up her ass hole.  Jill
presents a most erotic sight as she slowly turns and squeals with wide eyes, as
she can't believe this is happening.  This had been her fantasy and her nightly
dream, which woke her up shaking and climaxing with this image in her mind.  But
that was a dream, a fantasy, this is real they are going to cook me she thought! 
Although she sits here on this dam steel rod and climaxes almost every turn she
makes she is screaming from pure terror between climaxes.  All her friends
around her roaster masturbating as they watch her doesn't help any as it only
serves to excites her to even more orgasms.

The young thirteen-year-old bull is able to make high pitch screams now as Tracy
cranks the turnbolt down and is horribly crushing his young balls.  The other
thirteen-year-old bull who is next is in a panic and is also going crazy as he
can hear the pain he is about to receive also.  Tracy continues to tighten the
nut buster until the young bull almost passes out from pain, then the Chef nods
to her that he has had enough.  Not out of pity did he stop Tracy but he wants
him awake for his spitting.

Now Jessie is ready to work on her young bull and with Tracy's help they began
to put the Bull Ball-Buster on her bull who is hysterical and screaming his
lungs out, he can still hear the other bull who is still screaming in pain.  All
the ladies have moved over to where Tracy and Jessie are to watch the action and
all are still in a high state of sexual excitement with many fingers in pussies. 
Many of the ladies are screaming for the girls to break his balls as they shove
their fingers in their pusses and orgasm.

Now the girls have his balls in the crusher and he is going nuts before Jessie
even starts to crank the turn screw down.  Very soon he has something to scream
about as Jessie starts turning the screw and as the metal plate contacts his
balls he gets frantic as Jessie continues to tighten the screw.  The ladies are
going wild as they can see his nuts getting flatter inside the clear glass
cylinder as the metal slowly pushes them against the top plate.  Marsha Cole is
in the front ranks of the ladies standing with her legs spread wide to access
her wet pussy to the beautiful little blonde who is on her knees licking it
while Marsha climaxes and screams CRUSH HIS NUTS, OOOH OH OOOOOH.  The bull's
balls are turning a bluish purple inside the glass cylinder as the steel plates
squeeze them flat and his screams are at a very high pitch now as Jessie cranks
down on them.  The crowd of ladies are going wild and the only thing you can
hear above them is the high pitched screams of the young bull, then our chef
tells Jessie to stop as the bull is about to pass out.  The most remarkable
thing is both young bulls still retain a partial erection inside the vacuum of
the Pyrex glass cock tube although sex is not on their minds at this time.

The chef announces that the spitting will began as two of my crew bring several
spit poles over to the two young bull's tables.  The crowd of ladies grows as
more women join them for the big show, the two bulls do not notice as they are
still screaming in pain over their crushed nuts.  The poor bulls don't know
their crushed nuts will when cooked be cut up and used in Bull Cum Gravy over
their cocks along with a number of other bull's cocks who went through the
slaughter house.  Cocks and balls are such a big favorite of the ladies it is a
shame each bull only has one of each.

With the two bulls wrists tied behind their necks and their ankles tied to their
upper thighs they are face down on a spitting table with their ass in the air
ready for the spit pole.  Chef has Tracy and Jessie who each have a hand in
their pussies stand close to watch the spit.  The heady smell of wet pussy hung
in the air like a blanket of fog; you could almost stick your tongue out and
taste its sweet aroma.  Both girls are about to climax and both scream into a
massive orgasm as Chef inserts the tip of the steel pod into Tracy's bull's ass
hole.  The bull stops screaming for a second until his brain registers what is
being shoved up his ass.  Then he knows what it is and the high pitched screams
start again drowning out the screams of the two girls and the crowd of
masturbating women gathered around.  The Chef continues to shove the spit in the
bull who is going bezerk now as the steel rod is about twelve inches and
starting to tear through his internal organs.  Our chef is an expert at spitting
cattle and can miss all the vital organs and allow the bull to remain alive well
into his cooking.  Chef now has Tracy go to the bull's head and be ready to
grasp it to push it back in order for the spit pole to exit through his mouth. 
Most of the women in the crowd are climaxing or reeling from one and building to
another.  Chef pushes the spit on into the young bull's ass and is two feet up
inside him and Chef motions Tracy to get the bull's head up.  She pulls his
screaming head up for the spit and can see the stark terror and incredible pain
in his eyes.  Now she can hear him gurgle as the tip of the spit enters his
throat cutting off his screams and leaving the only screams coming from the
crowd of masturbating ladies.  Tracy can see the tip of the spit in the back of
the bull's mouth and motions Chef that the tip is coming out his mouth so he can
go slow as not to break the bull's teeth out.  The women in the crowd now really
go wild as they see the spit exit his mouth while the young bull tries to scream
around the 11/2 inch steel shaft filling his throat and mouth.  Marsha Cole is
screaming her head off as she climaxes while sitting on the little blonde's face
as she is on her back on the ground while Marsha rides her mouth and fucks her
darting tongue.

Our chef continues to push the spit rod until the metal cross brace is up
against the bull's bent and restrained knees.  The twelve-inch long metal cross
brace is welded on the spit pole to secure the bull's knees so the smooth steel
pole will not just spin inside the bull as he turns on the fire pit.

Now that the first bull is spitted Chef moves quickly over to Jesse's bull as my
Catering Crew take the spitted bull and hang him over one of the cooking pits. 
Now he must hurry to finish spitting all the cattle so all will remain alive
well into their cooking to provide as much erotic pleasure to the crowd as
possible.

Jill is still convulsing into numerous orgasms as she sits on her steel skewer
and turns slowly around.  Tina and Jill's other girl friends are still close to
her and move aside to allow Jill a good view of the spitting.  The action was
moving closer to her and Jill could see Chef was finishing up on the two bulls
and soon will move over closer to her where six young human cows wait on
spitting tables.  The two bulls are hanging over cooking pits as they slowly
turn on the eight-foot long spit poles skewered through their pain-racked
bodies. 

The crowd now moves along behind chef as he moves to the first screaming cow to
be spitted.


END CHAPTER NINE      By PICK UP MAN    EDITED BY MY FRIEND JAN

If you like my stories E-Mail me at Rrolingthunder@aol.com




A MODERN HUMAN DAIRY AND MEAT FARM:

THE ORPHANS BARBECUE:

Chapter Ten.

Screaming And Spitting.

As the Chef moves to the line of cows waiting to be spitted the crowd of
predominately women follow along in a frenzied mood,many are screaming almost as
loud as the little cows waiting bound on the spitting tables.

As Jill sits on her steel spit and slowly turning in the large glass roaster she
gets caught up in the frenzy and start to scream wildly herself. Tina and the
other girls gathered around her try to calm her as she realizes her timing is
very short and very soon the fire will be turned on in her Roaster. And she
knows everyone will be watching her turning slowly on the steel spit up her ass
with her legs splayed the wide open to show when her spread pussy with the end
of the large dildo protruding from it. She will be screaming for real as the
heat builds inside the roaster, she only hopes she can have several more orgasms
before the last big final one.

The Chef and the Mandy the girl whose little cow they are about to spit are
pressed for working room until I have some of my Catering Crew to step in and
move the crowd of women back a little. Our Chef asks Mandy if she would like to
spit the young cow herself, she screams and jumps up and down with joy. One of
my crew bring the 8 ft. stainless steel spit pole over to her and the Chef. The
Chef shows her how to take the brush with melted butter and a apply a liberal
amount on the length of the spit pole, then apply a liberal amount of the melted
butter on the little cows but hole and take her finger and open her up to get
plenty inside her ass hole to help the spit slide in easily. The little cow who
is restrained on her back with her wrist tied behind her neck and her ankles
tied to her upper thighs with her knees held spread open with a 20 in. the
spreader bar is screaming hysterically. She knows the long steel pole is being
readied to impale her ass hole. As the Chef holds the spit pole with Mandy on
the end to guide it into the little cow he motions one of my girls around to
hold the little cows head. As Mandy guides the tip of the spit into her ass hole
the large crowd of women go berserk with sexual excitement. Most of the women
are masturbating like crazy while all the upper management females have a
younger office girl kneeling between her legs and licking her wet pussy while
she screams at the top of her lungs. Many of the males also have a young female
on her knees sucking their cocks, while several others are over at the other
spitting tables getting one last blow job from the little cows waiting to be
spitted.Now I turn back to Mandy and our Chef just as Mandy has about six inches
of the two inch round pole up the screaming cows ass.Cindy a member of my
Catering Crew has dropped the end board on the spitting table which allows the
young cows head to hang over the edge where Cindy can hold it. This allows the
young cows mouth and throat to be lined up for the spit pole to exit through her
mouth, she knows what is happening and Cindy is having a hard time holding her
head. The little cows screams intensify as Mandy continued to push the spit rod
into her, Mandy now has the rod and about 18 in. up her ass. I looked around and
the females in the crowd are going nuts, there are so many fingers in tongues in
pussies I can smell the sweet erotic aroma of pussy juice hanging in the air,
you can almost stick your tongue out and taste it. I must figure a way to bottle
the stuff, from the looks of this crowd I think there is a ready market out
there.

The Chef watches intently and directs Mandy when she seemed to hesitate in just
a little, he reminds her that this young cow has been raised for this, that she
is in human food and it is her job to repair her four cooking. Mandy not her
head in understanding and continue to force the spit pole further inside cow
young cow. The noise and screams of the crowd and all the young cows and bulls
is overwhelming, I make a mental note that the next large Cookout I will fit my
crews with walkie-talkies and head sets, as the Chef must lean over and speak
loudly into the Mandy ear for her to hear him. Cindy is still a struggling to
hold the young cows head as she screams and struggles, Mandy now has the spit
rod about two and half the into the young cow. As Mandy continues to push the
rod in the young cows screams turn to a gurgle as the tip enters her throat and
stifles her screams, the Chef motions Cindy to let him know when she can see the
end of the rod in the young cows mouth. He does this in order to slow the exit
of the rod as not to break the young cows teeth when the steel rod exits. Cindy
now indicates she can see the tip of the spit, the  Chef now assists Mandy to
finish pushing the rod until it exits the young cows mouth. I did not think the
effect crowd of females could get any louder or wilder but I was wrong, there is
total pandemonium among them now. I motion for five or six of my Catering Crew
to come over just for crowd control as the sexually crazed women have pushed in
so close the Chef and Mandy cannot finish their preparations on the young cow.
Now that the spit rod has exited the young cows mouth the Chef and structure of
Mandy continue pushing the rock through until the cross brace touches the Young
Cows knees. The 8 ft. spit pole has a 24 in. steel cross brace welded to get a
bout of 30 in. from its bottom end. As of the young cows ankles are tied tightly
to or upper thighs and her knees are spread with a bar which gives a very erotic
sight of her pussy held open with the pussy spreader and the end of the metal
dildo protruding from her pussy with of the temperature gauge on the end of it.
With her knees spread this way they are a attached to the metal cross brace
which allows her body to turn on the cooking spit otherwise the smooth steel
spit rod would simply spend inside her. The Chef ties to her knees to the cross
brace and steps back to add my his handiwork. He sees a beautiful young cow with
her wrist tied behind her neck which of this thrusting her smallish breasts out
into the two clear glass Pyrex roasting cups with her little nipples clipped to
the ends of the cups. Looking further down he sees her legs spread wide open
revealing her wide spread pussy and dildo and the spit pole protruding from her
ass hole, she makes a very sexually erotic sight. Now she is ready to go and the
Chef her race to the next table and the next young cow to be spitted.

I walk on down to where Jill is in her Live Roaster,her blonde hair is soaking
wet and her body is covered with preparation she pulled it limply with the steel
spike up her ass turning slowly in her roasting pot as she recovers from orgasms
she has been experiencing over the last hour watching all of the other young
cows being prepared. She will need her energy and of she has many more to come.
I now want over by the oven and look over the young cows in the baking pans.
They are a very erotic sexual sight as they lay on their backs in the large
glass pan, their wrists tied behind thrusting their breasts up into the baking
cups with their nipples and stretched upwards to the ends of the cup. Their
ankles tied to their upper thighs with a 20 in. knee spreader opening her up to
reveal her lovely little pink pussy held open with the 4 in. pussy spreader
exposing the end of the metal dildo with the temperature gauge on the end. She
is held down inside the pan by straps across to her body to each side of the pan
and the slender steel spit rod protruding from her ass hole and attached to the
bottom end of the pan, thus preventing her from trying to lift herself out of
the pan when she starts cooking.I can see all three of the little live Baking
cows are ready for the oven,now I look over the other three Little Live Roasters
are ready and all are screaming their heads off.Now I check the bulls and see
the two Live Spitted bulls are slowly turning over the cooking pits waiting for
the fires to be lit ,they are screaming them self's hoarse from the pain of the
ball busters on their nuts and the 8 ft steel rod they are impaled upon.Then I
move over to the cows and bulls waiting to be electrocuted ,the tree young cows
and three young bulls tied to non impaling spit racks are slowly turning over
the cooking pits.The three young cows are a most erotic sight with their wrists
tied behind their necks,causeing their little breast to thrust forward into the
Pyrex roasting cups.These cups are a special design with a metal nipple clip
inside attached to a stainless steel spring which pulls the cows nipple up to
the end of the cup.an electrical terminals connected to the outside of each
cup.This allows the positive lead to attach to one and the negative lead to the
other thus completing the electrical circuit.As I look on down the young cows
bodies I can see the two wires attached to their metal pussy spreader rings and
the two wires attached to their metal dildos protruding from their pussies
,which are held inside them with metal spring straps going around to the spit
frame rail.I am also able to see the metal but plug with two electrical wires
also held up their butts by metal spring straps.With the young cows hooked this
way it provides four separate electrical circuits to the control boxes.The
control boas are to be operated by six young girls who won the A.T.A. Corp
contest and the six girls who are the back ups,these six alternates have a job
to do also which we have saved as a surprise to the six girls manning the
control boxes.The girls have been instructed on how to use the boxes.Each
control box has four separate switches,the #1 switch is hooked to the young cows
breast cups,# 2 hooked to her pussy spreader and clit,# 3 is hooked to the dildo
in her pussy and # 4 is attached to her butt plug.The box has four dial knobs
which can be turned up to regulate the amount of voltage that is sent to each
set of wires,the range is from mild to lethal.The bulls are wired along the same
lines with a metal butt plug ,a metal ring locked tightly around his balls and a
metal catheter inserted eight inches inside his cock.All these are hooked to
three separate switches on the control box as with the little cows.I call all
the box operators and their alternates to gather around me.It is a heart
stopping affair as I haven't had so many beautiful tits and pussies around me in
a long time.Marsha Cole the CEO of A.T.A.Corp only has beautiful girls working
for her,she has very few males as she likes girls.As I stand looking over these
gorgeous females my cock is rock hard.I only wish I had time to fuck several of
them,but will have to wait until tonight and have three or four of my girls in
the Special Milking Room and have them milk me.

I explain to the twelve girls that we are testing a new type chair,and I would
like the six girls who will operate the Control Boxes to set in them when we
start the    electorions.I explain that many times girls operating the controls
get so carried away in sexual excitement that they forget to apply the voltage
slowly and kill the cows to quickly,the object is to keep them alive as long as
possible as the is a very sexually erotic scene and it is the job of the
alternates to take over and help her.They all shake their heads in
understanding.I finish my speech with, we want them screaming and sizzling as
long as possible.This gets a excited laugh from the girls who can't wait to man
the controls.

I walk back over to where the Chef is just finishing spitting the last screaming 
young cow.The crowd of women is still going nuts and as the spit rod enters the
young cow I can see several women face sitting some of the young female guests,I
also see two girls sitting on two males faces while two other girls ride their
hard cocks and all are screaming at the top of their lungs.Marsh Cole is face
sitting one lovely little blonde while she is licking another beautiful girls
pussy.I can see we need to get the fires lighted and start cooking.

END CHAPTER TEN                By PICK UP MAN

Edited By My Friend JAN        E MAIL Me At

  rolingthunder60@yahoo.com     RRolingthunder@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





