BDSM Library - Alice In A Bind




Alice In A Bind
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beautifull T.V. Anchor Woman is kidnapped and taken to a mountain cabin where she is bound  tortured and raped along with her teenage daughter.
 PLEASE READ: Please read and enjoy my story but do not take my story as REAL
LIFE because it is only FICTION. No part of it is real, every thing portrayed in
this story is FICTION,it is only the product of my sick mind. If you cannot
distinguish between FICTION and REAL LIFE then please stop reading this story.
If you do read my story do not try to use my story as an excuse for any
despicable act you may perform.Take responsibility for your own actions. If you
do not understand this and can and cannot distinguish FICTION from real life
then stop reading this and JUST GO AWAY.

ALICE IN A BIND




ALICE IN A BIND

By PICK UP MAN

It was a very nice day in the city,a good day for my job which I had been
planing for the last year and today was the day.I had watched her on her morning
news show each morning and gained all the information I would need to make the
grab.I had worked all the details out having leased the cabin in a secluded area
in the mountains .I then spent the last six months building and out fitting it
with all the equipment and supplies I would need.I had chosen this place as it
had a large living area and a very large basement which would fit my needs.I had
punched a plain white delivery type one half ton van with dark blacked out
windows.it was like hundreds of vans running around the city each day.I knew she
had an appointment at a nearby Nail Salon.This is where I will grab her,the
street is not busy at that time and it wont attract much attention.As I sit
waiting for her to walk to the nail shop which is only three blocks from her job
at the News Studio I go over my plan in my head for the thousandth time.Now I
see her walking toward me,I wait until she is about ten feet away.I get out and
open the side door and step in front of her at the same time lifting the front
of my shirt to show her the gun in my waistband.She stops dead in her tracks as
her eyes widen and her mouth flies open,in a low gruff voice I tell not to make
a sound and move over to the van and get in and she wont get hurt.In stunned
silence she stairs at my masked face and starts moving to the van,I follow her
in where I have restraints and a gag waiting for her.Frist I cuff her wrist and
hobble her ankles to chains attached to the floor and then I hold the gag up to
put in her mouth.She starts to scream as she realizes it is a penis gag and I am
going to put it in her mouth,I order her to shut up and grab one of her nipples
and pinch it hard,the scream stops but her mouth stays open I jam the gag in her
mouth before she realizes what is happening.I quickly strap the buckle in back
of her head,now she is secured safely on the floor of the van and I can start
the trip up to the cabin.But I have one stop to make frist.I park in front of
her house and take two laundry bags in with me.Inside I select the items she
will need and put them in the bags,outside no one is in sight on the streets,I
load her things up and we are off.

The drive takes about two hours and she moans,groans and thrashes around the
whole trip trying to free herself but to no avail.Upon arriving at the cabin I
leave her as she is and go inside to get everything ready for her and bring a
hood mask out,there was no need for one on the trip as she was chained to the
floor and could not see out.Now she tries to struggle as I start to put the mask
on her but as soon as I grab her nipple she stops and remains very still and I
do not pinch this time ,she is learning.I release the chains from her restraints
and remove her ankle cuffs but leave her hand cuffs on as I lead her inside.Then
before I take her down to the basement playroom I lay out the rules to her.There
will be no talking,she will do as she is ordered and do it quickley,and the most
important rule is don't piss me off as punishment will be swift and painful
order her to nod her head if she understands,she nods yes.Now I lead her down to
the basement stand her under a 4 foot long wrist spreader bar attached to a rope
pulley above operated by a remote controlled electric winch,after unlocking her
cuffs I then secure her wrist to each end of the bar,then take up the slack
until she is almost up on her toes.Now the shaking and struggling starts along
with the muffled screams and curses,she is not a happy camper,she doesn't know
that it goes downhill form here.Now I get the 4 foot ankle  spreader bar which I
hook to her ankles and let the winch down a little and secure the bar to eye
bolts imbedded in the floor.I then raise her back up until she is stretched
taunght in the form of an X,now she is really going nuts,trying to scream and
yell around the penis gag in her mouth.She tries to move her body but is
stretched to tight.I unhook the straps on her hood and remove it,then I step
back and watch as she stops her struggles and screams and looks around the room
with wide eyed disbelief at what she sees.In one Conner of the basement and
along one wall I have placed all my large pieces of equipment covered with
tarps,all these had caster wheels on them so I could move them into the work
area.This was an area 12 foot by 12 foot where I had laid tile as to keep it
clean,this allowed me to move the equipment into it as needed.She could see
along the walls on pegboards  many gags,whips,straps,dildos of all types along
with hoods and many types of restraints.There were many items she had no idea
what they were for but she knew she did not want to find out.I also had built
two large cabinets on one wall to hold all my other toys.Overhead were many
eyebolts screwed into the flooring joist of the cabin above which allowed me to
move the overhead winch and pulleys around where I needed them.I could tell by
her face she was bewildered by what she is seeing and what is happening to her, 
all  her screams and struggling stops as she looks around the room ,there is a
large bed over on one wall next to a large bathroom fitted with a shower,steel
restraint bars.a sink and toilet.The mirror is stainless steel and cannot be
broken,I have put water shut off valves outside the bathroom to turn the water
off if I need to.The bed is bolted to the floor and has straps and eye bolts
screwed all around it and in the floor.She looks with wonder and fear at the
medical exam table with restraint straps all over it.She doesn't like what she
any of my toys,she has an idea she is going to see and feel them up close and
that sends a chill down her spine.

END PART ONE   																		




ALICE IN A BIND:

CHAPTER TWO:

By PICK UP MAN
I release her ankles from the spreader bar after I show her the whip,I did not
speak but she shook her head she understood.Her inner thigh still hurt.She did
not give me any trouble as I released her and led her over to the medical exam
table.I ordered her up on it she grimaced as her naked butt contacted the cold
padding on the table.I ordered her to lay back and put her feet in the
stirrups.She complied with my orders like a good girl,but I knew that wouldn't
last and I would get to use the whip again.Of course I plan to whip her a lot
even if she does obey me.And I am going to whip her in places she never dreamed
a girl could be whipped.

Now that I have her on the table I strap her down with a strap above and below
her breast,I secure her hands to the table legs.Then before I strap her lower
waist down I have her lift her butt and slide two inch high pad under her
hips.This lifts her crotch up and hanging off the end of the table.then with
straps attached to the stirrups I strap her feet and legs down.I then raise and
spread the stirrups as far as they will go.Now I step back to look at this
beautiful sight.She is laying there with a very worried look on her face with
her gorgeous breast rise and falling with her heavy breathing as the fear of
what I am going to do to her next.This makes her nipple clips stick up like
little shinny top hats.My eyes travel down to her wide spread legs with her
pussy splayed out with her neatly trimmed pubic hair framing the top of it
displaying all her pussy clips that she is still moaning about.I am about to
really make her moan and scream as I am going to remove them.She doesn't know
that it is much more painful when they are removed than when I put them on her.I
raised tables backrest up so she could watch me and also watch in the large
ceiling mirror over the table.She started to groan as I moved between her wide
spread legs,she knew I was going to do something to her already hurting pussy.I
pulled my short stool and sat down bringing my face to face with her beautiful
open crotch.She was very wet inside.Despite what her mind told her this did
excite her a little,her body gave her away.She trembled and her moaning
increased as I ran my hands up and down inside her inner thighs,then I shocked
her as I stuck my face between her legs and licked inside her wide open pussy.As
soon as I felt her sexual excitement building I quickly remover her clit clip
and sucked her little protruding clitoris between my lips.Her moans stopped and
she was silent for about a tenth of a second until the intense pain hit her,then
she screamed and went nuts shaking her head and trying to jerk herself loose
while trying to move her legs.I continued to work on her clit with my lips and
tongue.She went on for about a minute and slowly her screams turned into moans
which got louder as her sexual passion increased.Then I reached up and removed
her nipple clips this set her off again as the blood rushed back into her pain
filled little buds,I continued with my mouth on her and could taste her sweet
juice.Shortly she calmed down and started make low moans again.I waited until
her sexual excitement was building and removed the clips on her pussy
lips.Although these two clips were the least painful she still screamed and
fussed they were removed.I slipped a finger in her wet pussy as I continued to
suck her clitotis,when my finger is wet I move it down and insert the end in her
ass hole she screams and yells NO,NO,YOU CAN'T DO THAT.I pulled my finger out of
her and stood up and smiled at her.Then I told her that I was going to whip her
for talking.Her mouth flew open and but he didn't speak only held her mouth.I
saw the fear I her eyes,she wanted so badly to beg me.Then I asked her do you
want me to gag you so you don't screw up again?She shook her head no,I said ok.I
then went to the toy cabinet and got a small little whip with three ten inch
thin leather strips with numerous little knots tied about an inch apart their
entire length with a knot at the very end of each.I held it behind her until I
was beside her as I wanted to watch her face when I explained the game we were
going to play.As I showed her the little whip I could see a small sign of relive
on her face,as she looked at the small whip and not the terrible ridding
crop.Then I ruined her happy thoughts.Do you know what kind of whip is?She shook
her head no.Well this is called a PUSSY WHIP.A look of horror came over her face
as she started screaming and shaking her head no.When she quit struggling and
screaming I told her but it is also a Breast Whip she screamed again as she
looked down at her beautiful breast and imagined the little slashing into them.I
said but you will choose what I whip,your pussy or your breasts.Still moaning
and shaking her head wanting to curse me but knew better.I told her blink your
eyes once for pussy or twice for breast,if you don't make a choice I will just
whip your breast and pussy.She is stunned as if I had asked her to choose if she
wanted to be hanged or stabbed to death.She just stared at me and I could tell
it was all she could do to keep her mouth shut,I had left her gag out for that
reason.I then told her now we play,pussy whipping she doesn't blink,ok breasts
still she doesn't blink .OK times up you get both,now she screams NO, NO,
NO!Well lets see that was three no's that makes it eight,four on each breast and
eight on your pussy.Poor pussy you only have one and it gets all eight.She
opened her mouth to protest but looked at the whip and shut it and started
moaning.I tell her lets do one breast first then a little pussy whipping,I love
to hear the sound the whip makes when it hits a wet pussy.Now she is screaming
and trying to jerk herself free,she is raising hell and I haven't even started
yet.I wait until she polls her head to the side and cannot see me ,then I bring
the whip sharply across her left nipple and breast.It took a fraction of a
second and like a bucking horse as it comes out of the chute,she exploded
bucking jerking and screaming like crazy.Dam what a ride this would be I should
have my hard cock in her now,but I have to finish the little game first then
fuck her.I quickly delivered three more lashes to her left breast then stood
back to let the video recorder get all the action,the videos of this will make
enough money to pay for all this expense.Sales in the U.S alone will make me a
small fortune not counting overseas sales.I can say one thing for her she
doesn't speak even through all the pain.We will see how she does when I whip her
pussy.She is calmed down a little but still moaning and shaking her head when
the little whip splits her pussy down the middle with a splat sound.Again it
takes just a moment for her to realize what I have done,then she goes totally
beserk,her screams are loud enough to shatter glass.If the table wasn't bolted
to the floor she would have it bouncing across the floor.Then I follow with
three more lashes,I stopped then as I thought she was going to pass out.I
stepped over and got her a little wine which I held for her to drink as soon as
she calmed down a little then I told her ok you have had eight and I am going to
stop.If you don't follow my orders to the letter I will tie you upside down with
your legs spread and whip your pussy and ass hole,do you understand,she shook
her violently YES.

  END PART TWO




ALICE IN A BIND

Chapter Three.

A Shave And A Little Pain.

I am sure she understands me now and she will obey me for a while but then it's
not in her nature to follow orders so very soon she will screw up again.

I go get a pan of warm water and the shaving equipment which upsets her when she
realizes what I am going to do,her eyes tell me she hates this but her mouth is
shut except for low moans.I pull my stool over and set down looking into her
splayed out pussy,she groans as I lather her up taking special interest in
pulling her pussy lips out and stroking them gently with the shaving brush.Then
moving up to let the brush contact her protruding clit which causes her to jump
a give a sharp little yelp.I explain that I want her pussy bald as a little
girls since I don't want to get pussy hair in my mouth when I eat her.This
almost brings a response from her,but she stops with her mouth open and a
picture of a whip slashing into her pussy in her mind.So she just moans and
shakes her head as if not to believe this is happening to her.Then I tell her
when your pussy is nice and smooth I am going to fuck your pussy and then your
ass.This brought a scream from her bet she held her smart tongue.Now the lather
has softened her hair up I can start the fun part,I get to play with her pussy.I
need to get on with this before I cum in my jock she makes me so hot.I ask her
if she has a good view and remind her that she can watch in the over head
mirrors also,she remains silent.So just to stir her up I tell her that all this
is being Video Taped,this starts her going nuts and screaming her head off it
takes a minute for her to settle down.Then I tell her I will play it back to her
if she misses anything,this sets her off again but she keeps her mouth shut.Well
no matter I am going to whip her even if she doesn't speak.

Now I start to shave her cautioning her to lay still so I don't cut her cute
little pussy,she just rolls her eyes and moans.I very carefully shave above her
mound and then pull each pussy lip out to get a clean shave,when this is
finished I comment to her now darling only your hairdresser and you and I know
you ain't a natural blonde.She screams and shakes her head in embarrassment.I
smile at her and say I will never tell and your pussy will taste just as
good,this brings on more moans.I clean her up with warm water and a rag then dry
her pussy off as she moans in shame.hen I bring some skin lotion and spend a
long time rubbing it on the shaved area,allowing my fingers to dip into her
pussy and getting plenty on her protruding clit.very soon her breathing quickens
and her moans turn to moans of rising passion.I moved my fingers to take her
clit between my thumb and forefinger,her moans became more urgent as I gently
rolled her clitoris and then leaned over and put my tongue in her pussy.As I
sucked her clit between my lips and massaged it with my tongue she screamed and
tried to hunch her pussy into my face.I slipped my leather jock down and
released my steel hard cock and lifted my head and shoved my cock all the way
into her,she screamed with shock and then pleasure at my sudden entry into
her.Damm she felt so good inside all warm,wet and slippery had planed to give
her a good fucking then fuck her ass.Now I realized that it was all I could do
to last long enough in her wonderful pussy to give her decent fuck as I was
about to blow my nuts.I pounded away long enough and suddenly she screamed into
a massive orgasm,I followed right behind her as her vaginal muscles milked my
cock.I just laid over her and to rest and get my breath back.

Now I have recovered and decide to wait a while before I fuck her ass,I must do
it as I promised her I would and I know she is looking forward to it,HA HA.Ok
then we can play for a while so I release her upper body and tell her to lean
forward.I ask her if she wants to be gagged for this,she gets a wild look in her
eyes as she knows I an going to cause her great pain.She doesn't' answer so I go
get a 2inch Ring Gag and tell her to open up she doesn't,but just looks at me
and holds her mouth tightly closed.I move behind her and retrieved the pussy
whip and thought about tying her chest back down but decided not since her hands
were still tied to the table legs.Besides it will be more fun to watch her tits
bounce.I hide the whip as I move between her legs,holding the gag I tell her to
open her mouth,she shakes her head no.The whip whistles in the air and makes a
splat as it splits her wide spread pussy,there is silence for a split second
then a blood curdling scream.Her mouth is now wide open screaming,she still
can't believe I would whip a girl down there,I change her mind quickly as I
slash the whip into her pussy again,the screams keep up in volume as she jerks
her upper body.I watch her breast dance and her nipples make wild swinging
motions,waiting until her swaying breast slow down a little I slash the whip
across them catching one nipple also.This completely catches her by surprise and
she howls and goes nuts.I quickly give her two more lashes inside her thighs
just outside her pussy lips,this devastates her and I think she will pass
out.Now I stand back and wait and watch the bouncing tit show.

The screaming and gyrations continue for a while longer,then when it subsides I
speak to her.You keep forgetting the most important rule DON'T PISS ME OFF.Now
do I whip you until you understand when I give you an order don't tell me no?She
shakes her head yes.I hope for your sake you do because I love to whip you,it
gets my cock hard.Now you will open your mouth and I will gag you with this O
Ring gag so after I hurt you some more I am going to fuck your mouth and
throat.I watch her face and see she cant believe what is going to happen to
her.I walk around to her head and hold the gag out and her mouth fly's open.She
is moaning as I insert the gag which is a large size and she must open very
wide,I am using this size as I plan to give her throat a good fucking and this
will allow me to get my cock deep in her.

I go over to my toy cabinet and get the toys to use on her,taking a small table
with wheels I lay them out like a doctors instruments to make sure she can see
all of them.AS I rolled the table over beside her she eyes the toys with a look
of stark terror on her face,although she didn't know what all of the things are
for but she can figure out what most are for.She knows all them will be painful
to her.She starts to scream through her O Ring gag and the lovely tit show
starts again as I have left her upper body unrestrained.This time I decide to
give her a running account of the operation.Since she is a news reporter I will
keep her well informed,freedom of the press you know.

Picking up the first toy I explain to her,this is a wooden breast clamp,see the
two boards with cutouts raise up and your breast fit right into them and the top
board comes down.This clamps the narrow edges around your beautiful twin
mounds,she starts to scream and shake her head until I pick the little pussy
whip up she quickly shuts up.I tell her to shut up until I start to hurt her,so
she starts moaning very low. I continue to explain to her these little screw
handles will squeeze your breast as much as I want. I am afraid I must tell you
it is very painfull.This starts her screaming again,but I just let her scream as
this is so much fun and sexually arousing.As soon as she calms down I tell her
to lean forward and pull the strap attached to the breast clamp around her back
,she starts to struggle with me again.The little whip whistles in the air as it
slashes across her breast.The screams began along with the frantic breast
shakeing,I just wait and then pull the straps around her.I then grab her by her
blonde hair and jerk her back against the table and hold her there until she
stops struggling.Then I fit the clamp around her breast as she watches me with
tear filled eyes,She cant take her eyes away from the strange wooden torture on
her breast.I hook the straps and pulled them tight,her eyes get very large as
she watches me start tightening the screws on each end pulling the boards down
on her breast.Her mouth is open in total disbelief at what she is watching,her
beautiful breast being squeezed out two holes in the boards.Then she starts to
feel the pressure and starts moaning,then the pain starts along with the
screams.Now much louder screams and I have to hold her hair and continue to
tighten with one hand.Soon her breast are squeezed into to big round taunt
mounds and her screams have reached a full glass shattering pitch.

     END CHAPTER THREE        




ALICE IN A BIND:

Chapter Four.

ALICE RIDES HER BIKE:

With the breast clamp tightened down but not enough to do permanent damage as I
want to play with them later,but just enough to make her think they are being
smashed flat.As soon as her screaming subsides a little I clip a little metal
toothed monster on her left nipple.This upsets her greatly and the ear
shattering screams start again,which I love to hear.She is shaking her head from
side to side screaming then before she can wind down I quickly put the little
clip on her other nipple.I didn't she could scream any louder but she fooled me
as she took it up at least fifty desibles.So just to see how long and loud she
could scream I showed her the pussy spreader,she doesn't know what it is but she
knows it will be painful and keeps screaming and swinging her head side to
side.She really goes ballistic when I pull out her left pussy lip and start
fastening the pussy spreader on her.This is a metal ring 5inches in diameter
with seven little metal clips with tiny little teeth attached to it.Three clips
go on each pussy lip and the top clip attach to her clit.By the time I get to
the clit clip I have to stop as she is hyperventilating from screaming,I let her
catch her breath as I go get her a glass of wine.I hold the glass and let her
sip the wine until she is in shape for more fun.I do not plan to permanently
injure or kill her,this is just a lot of fun and I will release her when the
time comes,but he doesn't know that.

Now the real fun begins as she thinks the worst is over with all the painful
little metal tooth monsters are hooked on her,she hasn't looked in the overhead
mirror to see one is not attached.She can't believe it as she watches me reach
and hook the other clip on her clitoris.The like a bucking horse coming out of
the shut she explodes,screaming and cursing me.After she quiets down I tell her
since she was cursing me I would have to punish her.This brings on more screams
and head shakeing.I tell her I think a little bike ride might do her some good
and as soon as I finish fucking her mouth I will give her one.I can see a
puzzled look on her face along with a distasteful look about me fucking her
mouth.

I moved to the side of the exam table and laid the back down flat and  released
the head board catch which dropped down.This surprised her and she screamed as I
started to pulled a strap across her forehead and she went to shaking her head
side too side.I grasp her by her blonde hair and put the strap on her,I was
waiting for her to protest but I think the promised bike ride worried her so she
kept her mouth shut.Now she lay flat on her back with her head hanging over the
tables edge strapped down looking at ever thing upside down.

I went to my work bench and brought a riding crop which I showed her and told
her if she tried to bite me or did not please me I would whip her breasts and
pussy,she moaned and I knew she understood me.I removed my straining hard cock
from my jock cover and stuck it in front of her eyes,she just looked at it with
a disgusted look on her face.I smiled and told her,you are going to learn to
love my cock and before I am through with you will beg me to let you suck it.I
could see by her face she didn't believe me but she would see before I released
her.I told her to open her mouth but she held it closed,the whip made a swishing
sound and then a splat as it landed across both her breast just missing her
nipple clips.Now she opened her mouth with a ear shattering scream as the white
hot pain reached her brain, she could not imagine this much pain.This could not
be happening to her,you just can't whip a woman's breast.I give her time for the
pain to ease up a little and shove my cock up to her again her mouth remains
wide open and she holds her tongue out for me to lay the head of my cock on.As I
slowly slip my hard dick into her mouth I tell her ,see you are learning she
makes a gagging noise around my cock.Now I slip into her mouth and on in to her
throat and hold my cock there a second and pull back out and repeat this several
times to get her used to it before I start fucking her throat.As I pull back I
can see the fear in her eyes as she is afraid I will strangle her.I grab her
blonde hair in both hands and start a slow rhythm face fucking her which I speed
up as I am getting more excited and closer to climaxing I tell her she is to
swallow my cum and not spit it out or I will whip her pussy,she makes noises
around my cock but I can't understand her,since she has her mouth full.Now I
really start to pound her throat as I feel her soft warm wet throat around  the
head of my rock hard cock.I hang on to her head as my orgasm sweeps over and
hold my spurting cock all the way into her throat as she gags.I can feel her
throat muscles milking me as she tries to breath and swallow my cum.When my
orgasm  spasms subside I pull out of her mouth to let her breath as she has
almost passed out from lack of oxygen.

As I watch her getting her breath I can see she has swallowed all my cum but she
is not happy at all,but I am.

After she has recovered I raised the head board and unstrappe her head then
raise the table back putting her in a reclined sitting position.I then bring her
a glass of wine and hold for her to sip,the tell her to rest as I an going up to
start supper for us.

After giving her a half an hour and getting the meal started I go back to the
basement to give her a bike ride,since I had promised her one I didn't want to
disappoint her.

She sees me come back and is not happy when I tell it's time for her ride,she
knows she wont like it.I go over and remove the bike from under the tarp and
bring it over for her to see.It looks a lot like a regular exercise bike but
with some changes.She eyes it with fear in her eyes but doesn't speak as that is
what got her in this bike ride.There is no seat but in its place is a large
molded rubber replica of a 8inch cock mounted on a flat round metal base 8inches
in diameter.The pedals have restraints on them as do the handle bars.

I release her from the exam after showing her the whip,but I leave her pussy
spreader and nipple clips on her.These will not interfere with her ride.I lead
her to a step stool placed by the bike and make her spread her legs much to her
distaste and use my finger to lube her ass hole with K Y Jelly,this brings on
much moaning and groaning from her as she realizes she is going to sit down on
the rubber cock.Until now she thought it would be in her pussy which was
shocking enough but oh no not up her ass.She is shaking her head and almost
protests but shuts up just in time and just screams.I tell her to shut up and do
as I tell her or I will hang her upside down and whip her pussy,she shuts up.She
doesn't know I am going to do that anyway but it works to control her.Now I make
her straddle the cock with her other leg on a foot stool on the other side have
her hold still while I move her in position and have her lower her ass hole onto
the head of the rubber cock.She starts screaming again as she touches the head
with her ass hole.Holding the whip I force her slowly down on it.I let her stop
just as the head inters her sphincter muscle to let her adjust to its large
size,she does not thank me she just screams.Now I force her on down on the
rubber dick until she has it about half way in her then I let her stop as I do
not want to damage her inside.After she adjusts I force her on down until her
butt is sitting on the metal base,she is still screaming and going nuts as she
is impaled on the rubber cock.Now I have her place her feet on the pedals and
strap them down.Next I strap her hands to the handle bars.Now I explain to her
how this works.You will pedal and that will make the dildo up your butt go up
and down,she gives me a horrified look of disbelief as if to say you may have
forced this thing up my butt don't think I will pedal this thing and make it go
in and out of me.Well I knew that would be the way she felt about it so I tell
her the rest of it.You will pedal because as soon as I turn this switch on the
metal plate under your but will shock that will get you started and when you
stop pedaling small wires inbeded in the rubber cock up your ass will shock you
but once you start peddling you can set on the metal plate.But I warn you if you
stop the dildo will shock your ass hole.Now she starts screaming again and
almost starts cursing me.I tell her I am going to set the timer on ten minutes
and when I leave the basement she can make all the noise she wants that means
talking screaming cursing or whatever.    

I flip the switch she screams and jumps as she pulls herself up off the metal
plate but she does not pedal,then the voltage zaps her ass hole she screams but
she also starts peddling.The voltage is very low and not enough to really hurt
her but it is like a thunderbolt in her ass and will keep her peddling.As I
leave the basement she starts her yelling and cursing me then just yelling about
the rubber dick fucking her ass.Once upstairs I turn the speaker on to monitor
her,I am also video taping all this.Now I hear her sounds change into more of
passion then she starts moaning very loud as she approaches an orgasm.The she
screams and yells OH MY GOD I AM CUMING,then a shrill scream as she
climaxes.Lost in her climax she stops peddling and I hear a loud scream of
pain,then I hear yelling I CANT KEEP PEDDLING THIS DAMM THING.OH MY GOD THIS IS
DRIVING ME CRAZY THAT DAMM THING GOING UP MY ASS.PLEASE,PLEASE I KNOW YOU CAN
HEAR ME.If you will just take me off this damm thing I will keep my big mouth
shut,oh please I will do anything.Please I will suck your dick.I KNOW YOU HEAR
ME.I WILL SUCK YOUR COCK.I WILL DO ANYTHING PLEASE.Now her moaning starts again
and soon she screams to another climax.Now I go back down and switch her off and
tell her to stop peddling,she is drained and slumps forward on the handlebars
release her hands and bring her a glass of wine and tell her she is through for
today and I want her to take a shower the I will bring her supper.

After her shower and supper I put a six foot chain and a locking ankle cuff on
her and bring a port a potty and set it so she can reach it.I go upstairs and
bar and lock the steel door leading to the basement.

Now I have to go to the city and make a pick up.



END CHAPTER FOUR.    By PICK UP MAN      Rrolingthunder@aol.com




ALICE IN A BIND:

Chapter Five.

A FAMILY GET TOGATHER:


I move to where I can get a good view of Alice's face and not block the video
cameras view as this will be a very special moment. A Kodak moment. HA HA.
Watching her mother's face I quickly grasp the front of Amy's cheerleader
sweater and jerk it off, this revealed her two beautiful cone-shaped mounds that
look like little snow covered hills inside her white bra. It was all I could do
to keep from jerking her bra off to reveal what I knew to be twin a set of
beautiful little coned shaped treasures underneath. As I quickly forced my gaze
away from those beautiful snow covered mounds to look at her mother's face, I
can see her mouth open to curse me but she caught herself just in time and only
screamed while showing me a look of horror and contempt on her face. As I look
at her face I know she will not be able to keep her smart mouth shut very long,
and before I finish stripping Amy she is going to earn herself a pussy whipping,
but I was going to give them both one anyway. I watch the udder look of
hopelessness on Alice's face as I move around behind Amy, her screams start
again as she sees I am unbuttoning the back of Amy's skirt. I undo all the
buttons except one which is needed to hold her skirt on until I get around front
to watch her mother's face as I reveal daughters panty clad treasures
underneath. This one may even make her mother and yell and curse me, it makes no
difference I still have a long way to go on Amy, then I start on Mom. I now move
around to where I can pull Amy's skirt of while looking her mother in the face
which all ready has a look of horror and disbelief. I reached over and take hold
of the hem of Amy's little short cheerleader skirt, but don't pull it all the
way off right away as it is so much fun to watch the look of horror on her
mother's face in anticipation of my revealing her teenage daughters little
panties. My cock is hard and throbbing just thinking about unwrapping this
beautiful package, I know I will need to restrain myself until I can get to the
two of them stripped and relieve my aching cock inside the two of them. Quickly
I jerk down on the hem off short skirt and as the last of button pop loose and
her skirt falls down to her knees to reveal a glimpse of heaven, I almost cum
right there. I tear my eyes away just long enough of to see the look of
disbelief and anger as her mother starts screaming bloody murder.YOU BASTARD
YOU, CAN"T DO THIS, LEAVE HER ALONE ,YOU SICK BASTARD! Damm I am glad I didn't
gag her. She knew she was in deep trouble the moment she uttered those words and
could only stare pitifully at me with tears the flowing down her lovely face. As
of she opened her mouth to beg for mercy I stopped her saying. That is two
lashes would you like to try for more? Quickly she shook her head no.

  Now my gaze turns back to the wonderful sight in front of me, standing with
her legs held apart by the spreader bar  she is a vision of loveliness. I step
back a little just to take the whole vision of a her dressed in nothing but her
little white bra and matching white French lace panties and white knee high
socks. It is all I can do not to kneel down between her legs and worship her
with my tongue, but I must restraint myself. I decide I will not touch her but I
must bend down between her legs and inhale her wonderful intoxicating aroma of
her little pussy, that does it for her mom and as she screams NO NO NO YOU CAN'T
DO THIS,DON'T TOUCH MY DAUGHTER,LEAVE HER ALONE YOU SICK SON OF A BITCH! This
gets better all the time, I turned my head to look up at her face and with a
smile I announce to her that should be worth two more strokes ,but don't worry I
won't give you them all at one time. Then I add, I don't want your pussy to sore
for me to fuck, I give her a big smile and lick my lips sticking my tongue very
far out at the same time. Instantly her mouth flies open to curse me again but
at that moment she realizes the count just keeps going up. So  she just hangs
there and emits a series very long moans.

 Now this is even more exciting, as I inhale Amy's sweet aroma I can see a tiny
wet spot in the crotch of her panties. Although she is scared to death and
moaning and groaning I know she is getting a little turned on,I am really
tempted lick her little through her panties but control myself.I can hardly wait
until her bra comes off and I can see how hard her little nipples are.I will
wait on the pussy licking until later,I will be putting more than just my tongue
in her over the next several days. I now stand up and look into Alice's face,
she knows she has screwed up as I can see the look of terror on her face now as
she starts screaming and I know her screams are not all for her daughter but
also the thought of me whipping her pussy. While all this was going on Amy's
moans and groans became louder as she realized what her mother had done, but she
did not speak although she could not imagine having her pussy whipped only that
it would be incredibly painful. I look down and see that my hard throbbing cock
it is almost spilling out the top of my leather jock, it is all I can do not to
fuck one of them now. I just manage to control myself by thinking of all the fun
I will have later on.

I now must move away and go to my work bench in order to calm down before I
continue stripping them, neither of them speaks but both just hang there and
moan with tears streaming down their faces. As I cool off I realize I will need
to come up with an alternate punishment for Alice as she is racking up so many
lashes to her pussy it will be turned into raw meat. I decide I need  to put a
gag back on her as she can't seem to keep her big mouth shut. I think and 0 ring
gag may be the way to go with her as it will let her scream and try to curse me
as her frustration increases. She already has four lashes coming to her pussy
now, but I can space them out over the next couple of days and still leave her
pussy in shape for me to fuck.I could whip her in other places but a promise is
a promise.

 After a minute of so I feel like I can continue without blowing my load while I
finish undressing Amy as I have a very special party planed later for mom and
daughter.I love parties but doubt of the girls will enjoy it.I know not as much
as I will.

Before going back to the fun and games I decide to go over to my equipment
cabinet and get a 2 inch O ring gag for Alice,I know she is going to love
this.It will save putting it on her when I finish stripping the two of
them,besides it will save her tender pussy for me to use later.

As I approach her with the gag it is apparent by the look on her tear stained
face that I am in for a struggle,but I am ready for that.Holding the gag in one
hand and the riding crop I saw fit to bring with me in the other hand I tell
her.Open your mouth and take this or I will whip the inside of Amy's naked
thighs.This caught her off guard ,she expected me to hit her with it.I could see
the look of surrender in her eyes and she obediently opened her mouth.I could
not believe this but I guess it is motherly love.Then I lean over to her ear and
whisper to her.I gagged you for your own good as your big mouth was going to get
your pussy whipped so bad I couldn't fuck it.This really pissed her off and she
started screaming and trying to curse me through her gag while jerking and
shaking in her restraints.With a laugh I turned back to her moaning daughter.

I now face Amy who is still moaning as she hangs in only her bra and panties.I
look her in her tear soaked face and ask her.Would you like a gag like your
mothers,you know it may save you from having your sweet little pussy whipped?She
stops her moaning but just hangs there and stares at me with hate in her pretty
blue eyes them shake her head no.Then I tell her.You may wish you were gagged
later on ,but I am really glad you don't because I want to whip that little
pussy of yours.This almost gets her ,her mouth flies open but she catches
herself just in time.But no matter I have just begain.HA HA.

As she stares at me with wide open mouth and anger I ask her.Do you know what
time it is?I tell her it's show time!She just stars at me but closes her mouth
not wanting to risk speaking.Since she didn't fall for it I move around behind
her to get to work on her bra,knowing I am going to whip her pussy anyway .

As I reach and pull the back strap of her bra out to cut it I hear a low moan
from her lips and a shiver go through her body as she realizes I am about to
reveal her most secret and private parts. Mother is also distressed at my action
and tries to voice her objections but can only scream through her gag.

With my scissors I cut through the heavy back strap of Amy's bra and leave it
hanging by its two shoulder straps. This done I move around to stand between the
suspended mother and daughter. Amy still moaning closes her eyes and leans her
head back as if trying to block what is happening to her.Alice is going nuts now
as I am about revel her young virgin daughters smooth creamy firm breasts.
Grasping the front of Amy's bra I turn to look at her mothers face for a just a
second to get her reaction. I am rewarded with a look of extreme distress and
anger and also a lot of awful screams and curses through her O ring gag.

I stand and give them both a moment to bemoan the fact that I am going to
completely strip sweet little Amy.Both mother and daughter would really go
berserk if they knew the other fun stuff I plan for them.

With a slow motion of my hand I pull Amy's bra down to reveal heaven.Two of the
most beautiful creamy white A cup cones I have ever seen.There before me are two
perfect little cones with quarter size light pink areolas topped with two erect
little pink nipples that look like little rasberrys.I almost cum right their
thinking about sucking them just before attaching a couple of nipple clips on
them.Now I must stop and just admire the beauty before me.While both her and her
mother groan loudly,Amy with her eyes closed wishing this was all a bad
dream.Alice is beside herself with rage at what I am doing,curseing me between
screams through her gag.I can not resist holding these two perfectly formed
little cones in my hands.As I reach and cup them in my hands this brings a
startled squeal from Amy's lips.Then a ear piercing scream as I take her little
pink nipples between my thumb and forefinger.Alice is still screaming and trying
to jerk herself free of her bonds as she watches in frustration as I hold her
daughter's bare breasts in my hands and more squeals from Amy as I gently roll
her little nipples with my thumbs.

I must release her breast as my small leather jock can hardly contain my rock
hard cock.I need a minute to cool off before I finish unwrapping this tasty
little morsel.I just stand and listen to all the moans of protests while
watching Alice throwing her fit,this takes my mind off wanting to fuck them both
right now and allows my hard cock a little respite. Now Alice has ran out of
steam and just hangs in her bondage although she still has enough breath to
curse me through her gag it is time to get back to the fun.

As I turn back to Amy's tear stained face she is still moaning softly as she
watches her mother with pleading eyes I smile at her and tell her.Ok little
darling let me see what you are hiding in those sexy little panties.This causes
her to shake her head no as her mouth opens to voice her protest but catches
herself and just screams.This brings her mother back to life again and she
starts throwing another fit.I give both of them a couple of seconds to settle
down as I want their full attention as I reach and slip my fingers into the
waist band of Amy's lovely white french lace panties.

With my fingers holding her panty waistband I feel her little smooth warm tummy
quiver with her fear and shame as she closes her eyes and continues to shake her
head no and moan.Alice is still going nuts and screaming at me to stop,but it
will not help.Slowely I inch the flimsy  white material down her smooth milky
white little tummy.I slip her panties down slowly to savor anticipation of
unveiling her moist little treasure.I continue to pull her panties down until I
expose an inch or so of her blonde pubic hair not much thicker than peach
fuzz.This brings loud screams from both mother and daughter who had been holding
their breath until this moment.I feel Amy's body trembling in fear against my
fingers as I gaze upon her smooth little tummy broken only by the top of her
white panties which frame her little patch of golden peach fuzz.It is very
difficult for me restrain myself from jerking her silky cloth covering off and
reveal her little golden framed treasure.I force myself to stick to my plan and
make this last as long as I can not only for my enjoyment but to enjoy the look
on Alice's face as of she watches me slowly uncover her daughter's little pussy.

Now with my fingers still in the waistband of her panties I pull them on down to
revile the heart stopping sight between the junction of smooth white
thighs.Unable to move I can and only stand and gaze upon the most beautiful
sight before me.With her little white panties pulled down enough to expose the
small patch of fine golden pubic hair which points down to her most precious
little secret treasure.

I am brought out of my hypnotic state by Alice's ear piercing screams broken
only with attempts to curse me.Although I could not understand her words with
the O Ring gag between her teeth I knew she was not happy with me.I love my
work.

Now I retrieve my scissors and cut her panties away to allow me access to her
little treasure which I would soon explore with my tongue and raging hard cock.I
just can't wait to get her on the exam table and check out her cherry,see if she
still is.YUM YUM

After thinking it over a moment or two I decide what the hell.I don't need to
check her cherry right now but I am going to taste her. Then without any warning
to the two of them I dropped to my knees and put my mouth to her sweet little
pussy lips and stuck the tip of my tongue just inside her outer pussy lips.Both
were shocked and it took Alice several seconds to realize what I was doing.Amy
rewarded me imminently with a cry of.NO,NO YOU CAN'T DO THIS ,PLEASE DON'T YOU
CAN'T DO THIS!I pull my face away long enough to look up at her and smile,at
that same moment she realizes what she has done.She lets out a low OH NO at the
same time I hear her mother scream as she to realizes what has happened and her
lovely little daughter is going to have her little virgin pussy whipped.I smile
at her as if to say I told her so,this really pisses Alice off and starts her
off on another jerking screaming fit.

Now I put my face back between Amy's wide spread legs and suck her now distended
little clit as it is poking out from its hood.I feel Amy's body shudder
violently as a sharp scream escapes her lips followed by a low moan of unwanted
building passion. This is followed by a muffled scream from her mother as she
goes nuts jerking at her restraints while continuing to scream through the hole
in her O ring gag.I can feel Amy respond to my mouth and tongue in spite of
herself,her mind screams no but her body betrays her.I continue my ministrations
on her tasty little pussy as she is moaning in the passion overtaking her as her
pussy gets increasingly wetter.I can feel her body as she builds toward her an
orgasm.Her body overruled her mind and now is racing towards the fulfillment of
her climax.

Her mother is still screaming and trashing against her bonds as she is in a fit
of rage as she watches me lick her daughters little pussy.As I continue to work
on Amy's clit I can feel her orgasm as it comes over her,and she is very vocal
now.I have decided to over look her out bursts in her heat of passion so I am
not surprised to her.OH MOTHER ,OH MOTHER PLEEES MAKE HIM STOOP,OOOOHOO.OH MY
GOD OOOOOOH.As she shudders into her climax.

I do not release her little clit with my sucking lips until I feel the passion
of her mind blowing orgasm pass.As soon as I feel her go limp and just hang in
her bondage spent but still basking in the afterglow of her spent passion I
release her little swollen clit.Thank goodness her mother has ran out of breath
and stopped screaming for the moment,although I enjoy it this woman makes a fine
art of it,thank goodness I gagged her.This helps a little but she is still very
loud.

As Amy hangs limply in her restraints with her eyes closed and her head laid
back with only low moans escaping her lips I decide to surprise her.Quickly
before she or her mother realize it I grasp her head in both my hands and kiss
her mouth and run my tongue as far into her throat as I can,giving her a good
taste of her own pussy secretions.Her eyes fly open in surprise and disgust as
she tries to realizes what I am doing while tasting herself.Making sure she has
a good taste of her pussy in her mouth but before she can come to grips with
what I am doing and bite my tongue I pull it out.Now Alice has her breath back
and screams bloody murder,that is ok I have a little for her also.I put my hand
between Any's widespread legs and insert two fingers into her now very wet
pussy.I take time to examine it since it is wet and slick now and as my fingers
are about up to my second knuckle I am rewarded.With my finger tips I feel my
way blocked by her hymen ,now I know and do not force my fingers further in as I
have other plans for her.I now pull my soaking wet fingers out to the
accompaniment of both her and her mothers frantic screams.Amy is again mortified
and closes her eyes and shakes her head no hoping this will stop me.It does not
work,I am having to much fun.

Holding my two pussy juice soaked fingers in the air I turn to Alice,it takes a
moment for her to realize what my intentions are.Imedently she starts shaking
her head while screaming through her gag.

I grasp her by her blonde hair and hold her head still as I insert my two wet
fingers into her open mouth,since her mouth is held open with her o ring gag I
have no fear of her biting me.As she struggles and gags on my wet pussy soaked
fingers I push them down as far as I can into her throat and make sure she has a
good taste of her daughters pussy.Her screams have brought Amy out of her stupor
and without thinking she screams.NO YOU CANT DO THAT YOU NASTY MAN.Still holding
my fingers in Alice's mouth I turn with a smile and tell her.That is worth two
more on your sweet little pussy.This brings a scream from her and she opens her
mouth to yell at me again but catches herself just in time.Still smiling I tell
her damm girl you are going to wear your pussy out and since I have other uses
for it I will give any other lashes you get on your breasts.I watch the look or
total disbelief on her face as I pull my fingers a little way out of her mothers
mouth as she is gagging and trying to breath.

I then tell Amy.Don't get your hopes up as the lashes to your breasts are double
those to your pussy.NO YOU DIRTY NASTY MAN YOU CANT DO THIS!I could see the fear
in her  eyes and the blood drain from her startled face as she realized what she
had done.Still smiling I told her.Damm girl you are fast wearing out all the
good parts of your body,if you don't keep your mouth shut I will have to whip
the soles of your feet.

This brought a startled look to her face as she had never heard of such a
thing.Seeing this look on her face I told her it is called bastinado and with
the right whip and enough force it can cripple you for life.I added but I don't
want to cripple you but it is the most terrible pain you can imagine.Hearing
this I thought she was going to faint.Alice is now sucking on my fingers and
trying to shake her heat in an attempt to get my attention.I turned and looked
into her pleading tear soaked eyes and leaned over and whispered to her.Don't
worry I am not going to permanently damage her or you,just enough pain to make
it fun.Her look of mortal fear for her daughter turned to a look of total hate
for me.Still smiling I told her to suck all Amy's pussy juice off my fingers or
I would whip her breasts until she did.Although with some distaste she complied
and sucked away.

Now it is time to move on to more good stuff.I go to my equipment cabinet and
bring the things I will need for the next step.This one is really going to piss
momma off and her daughter is not going to like it either.

Amy now has her eyes open now and watches me approach her mother from behind,but
she keeps quite trying to figure out I am about to do.She moans as she sees the
blindfold in my hand.Standing behind Alice I tell her.You are to follow my
orders instantly and with no argument,if you don't you have many tinder places
where I will bring you intense pain like you never imagined was possible.I am
going to remove your gag and will not gag Amy but I am going to blindfold you.I
waited a moment for this to sink in,I could tell by her moans she did not like
this but kept her big mouth shut.I continued to instruct both of them.Both of
you are to keep your mouths shut,do not say a word.The first word out of your
mouth and I will whip your breasts and nipples until you wish you could die.When
I am ready I will tell both of you that you can speak,but not before I give you
permission.DO YOU UNDERSTAND?They both nodded that they did understand,they knew
the penalty very well.

Now I removed Alice's gag and again warned her about speaking while she was
stretching her jaws and trying to get the stiffness out of them I slip the
blindfold over her eyes.As I secure it behind her head she does not complain but
does let out several low moans as she tries to adjust to her loss of sight.

Moving over to Amy I release her from her restraints and give her a few moments
to adjust to being out of her spread X position.Alice can only hear me doing
something to her daughter and can only turn her head to try and pick up the
sounds,but she remains calm as there are no wild screams from Amy.

Without speaking I pick the riding crop from the floor and holding it in my left
hand I take Amy by her arm and lead her over to the Medical Exam Table .She does
not struggle and only moans as she realizes I am going to put her on it.

END CHAPTER FIVE

By  PICK UP MAN

RRolingthunder@aol.com           rolingthunder60@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





