BDSM Library - Writhing to The Top




Writhing to The Top
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Nick and Deb felt boring with their current routine sex life. They decided to "explore and learn" about BDSM with another dominant couple. Deb soon fell in love with the new life style. Although Nick couldn't get used to the idea of being dominated, he finally found where his desire was.
Writhing to The Top
(M+/F, MC, BDSM, Humiliation, Torture)
by HarryBerg01@aol.com

*************************************************************************

There wasn't a ray of light in the dungeon.  I could feel Deb's strained breath
on my face as she punctuated her moments of pain with sharp gasps. I suppose she
could feel mine too.  The two of us were nose to nose, only inches apart, firmly
gagged and secured chest down to separate whipping benches.  Whoever designed
these benches knew what they were doing.  My torso rested on the upper part of
the bench that was maybe a foot wide and long enough to reach from my chin to
the top of my groin.  The bench curved in below my shoulders so my nipples were
exposed.  Deb's tits hung straight down.  My cock and balls hung off the end. 
My knees were attached on the lower part, which were actually two movable arms. 
My legs were angled out so someone could stand between them right at my asshole,
cock, and balls.  My arms stretched out straight down toward the floor and were
tightly manacled to the base of the bench.  My head was slightly titled back and
upward so I faced forward.  I looked and felt like a roasted pig although
instead of an apple there was a leather gag tightly fastened in my mouth.  Deb's
bench was the same.  The end result was that the two of us were restrained on
all fours, dog style, with our private parts fully exposed and accessible to
whatever Ben and Stella planned.

By the way, I'm Nick.  Deb and I are married and live in Manhattan.

Deb's an assistant editor for one of the NY publishing companies and I'm a
lawyer.  I specialize in corporation law.  We're both early thirties and still
trying to establish ourselves in our professions.  I'm working hard to make
partner and Deb's trying to become a senior editor for fiction.

For early thirties, we are in good shape.  Deb teaches both step aerobics and
spin classes at the Manhattan Athletic Club.  I play in a basketball league a
couple of times a week.  I'm 6'1" and 175 pounds.  For those of you interested
in that kind of thing, I have a nice thick 8.5 cock with a bulging red head that
selected women have fallen in love with.  Some of the faggots at the gym can't
take their eyes off it either when I am in the shower or sauna.  Deb's got a
great figure with nice 34C knockers and those long legs that get men erect in a
NY minute.  She is something of an exhibitionist about her legs wearing skirts
that are very, very short.  She says its good for her career at the publisher. 
We were at the stage in our lives where career was paramount.  Job wise we were
both making progress but slowly.

When you work as hard as we do, your sex life can take a back seat.  Deb and I
worked hard to prevent that.  But there were times that where one wanted to fuck
and the other was to worn out to reciprocate.  We did a lot of oral and less
real fucking due to fatigue.  After a while, we decided that we needed to up the
priority on sex even at the expense of careers.  Our effort to accomplish that
has brought us to this dungeon scene.  However, some times career and personal
objectives come together in unexpected ways.  Much to my surprise, especially
given the way things started out, this was to be the case.

When the lights had been on Deb and I were staring into each other's face while
Ben and Stella "prepared us" for this phase of our BDSM training and
exploration.  I tried to estimate how long our "masters", Ben and Stella, had
been gone; but that was hopeless, the time was impossible to gauge.  The two of
them had casually turned out the lights in their basement dungeon and left with
saying a word.  Deb frequently moaned through the gag.  The pain in her breasts
must have been excruciating; although I was sure it was not any worse than what
I felt in my ball sack and nipples, not to mention the paper clamp that was
crushing the tip of my pecker.

I kept trying to shift my body to lessen the stress on my gonads.  My nipples
had gone numb from the clamps that Ben tightened to the point that I started
screaming in my gag.

"Once you start screaming like that, I give them three more full turns just to
make sure you understand how nipple torture works." Ben had said when he heard
my first scream.

The pain was too awful for words, far more than I had anticipated.  I remember
when I was on my high school football team that one of the varsity players had
grabbed one of the freshman's nipples with a pair of pliers.  I recall how he
screamed and cried and begged.  I felt sorry for him but was still glad that
those pliers were not gripping my nipple.  The coach had put the varsity guy up
to it.  He felt the freshman needed motivation.  Why are most high school
football coaches sadists?  I was pretty sure that Ben was not trying to motivate
me; just cause me intense pain, so much pain I kept wishing I would pass out.

Hell, I had anticipated a mild ass whipping followed by some serious fucking. 
We came here to "explore and learn" about BDSM with Ben and Stella.  This was
supposed to be a training experience.  If I had known it was going to be this
intense, I would have said forget it.  God, we should have gotten to know them
better before we allowed them to get us under their complete control.  I can
barely move a muscle.  Suppose something happened and they left us here.  What
if they went to the store and got into an accident.  We could die down here
before anyone found us.  I told myself to calm down.  Getting into a state of
panic would only make matters worse.  Maybe reviewing how we got to this point
would keep my mind occupied.

Deb moaned and that made me wonder how Deb felt about S&M now that her tits were
in that contraption that Stella had attached to Deb's ample boobs. When I last
saw them before the lights went out they were purple as an eggplant with little
drops of blood slowly dripping down on to the floor. The reason for the blood
was that each boob had maybe a hundred tacks embedded in both sides of her
breast.  Serves her right, this was more her idea than mine.  She was the one
that complained our sex life had gotten stale and that it was time to explore. 
Well, after three years of marriage, we were doing it only once a week at most
and there was none of the old intensity that it used to have.  I had agreed
thinking Deb was ready for a little mate swapping.  That would have been great
especially with her best friend Doris and Doris's husband, Alex.  More than
once, I had fantasized about getting my Johnson inside Doris's hot little
snatch.  Doris looked like a girl who knew what a cock was for and if screwing
Doris meant that Alex could slip it to Deb then so be it.

But Deb had explained that simple mate swapping was not the direction she
intended.  Deb brought home some S&M videos from the adult rental store located
over on 53rd Street.  I thought the videos were sort of pathetic.  No one seemed
to be getting whipped all that hard.  The videos except for a couple of the
amateur productions looked fake and Deb agreed they were not all that realistic,
But phony as they were; I could tell that Deb was really turned on by them.  Deb
went out to the same adult store and bought a ridding crop.  Then while she
watched an S&M video and rammed a dildo in her cunt, I smacked her boobs with
the crop until she climaxed.  It was quite a climax.  Deb had writhed on the bed
and hollered and moaned, begging me to whip her tits harder and harder.

Then Deb had used the crop to whip my cock while I jerked off.  All right, it
too was a turn on and I did get a raging hard on and shot cum practically over
my head.  Some days after that, Deb announced that the two of us were both
submissive and we would need to find a dominant couple to really teach us about
S&M.  Deb had been going out on the Internet into chat rooms dedicated to S&M. 
I reasoned that meant we were back to wife swapping but with a little kink
thrown in.  At the time, I decided that if getting a little strange pussy on the
side meant having to take a spanking first, then I would gladly agree.  I told
Deb I was willing if she was and left the search for a dominant couple in Deb's
horny hands.  My law practice had gotten very busy and I had been too
preoccupied to participate in Deb's search for the proper couple.

It had been a week ago that Deb presented me with the letter and photograph of
Ben and Stella Cameron.  The photo was not anything like I had expected.  There
was Benjamin standing with Stella seated on the terrace of a mansion.  Two large
dogs sat alertly beside them.  The dogs were a matched pair of Harlequin marked
Great Danes.  I could imagine what a pair of matched animals like that must
cost.  Ben was wearing a suit and Stella a dress.  They look far more like they
belonged in Town & Country magazine than Bondage Monthly.  They were a handsome
well-dressed couple, obviously quite wealthy.  I glanced at the front of the
envelope.

"These people live in the Hamptons?  They must be rich.  Isn't this a little out
of our league?" I asked Deb.

"There's nothing wrong with being rich.  I've talked to both of them and they
have invited us out for next weekend.  They loved our pictures.  I sent them
some of the ones we took in Aruba last March.  They say they have a lot of
experience with newbies and will respect our limits.  I think Ben has a cruel
sexy mouth and Stella is quite attractive.  They're older than us but I think
that's a good thing, given that we want to learn and explore" Said Deb.

Stella did look fine in a light blue knit suit that looked like it was bought at
Bergdorf-Goodmans in the couture department.  She had on a fashionably short
skirt that showed nice legs.  I imagined myself between those legs licking her
snatch before I slipped my cock in her.  Ben looked to be a big guy, tall and
trim.  Looking back on it, the fact that they were rich caused me to worry less
than I should have.  If they had been poor or even struggling professionals
trying to afford a Manhattan lifestyle like us, I would have been more cautious. 
Maybe I assumed that rich people won't hurt you, they have too much to lose.

The letter was brief and stated that that they had been a practicing dominant
couple for more than ten years.  Their biggest thrill was in bringing new people
into the BDSM lifestyle and they were looking forward to meeting us and hearing
more about our fantasies and goals.  The letter also mentioned that they went to
great lengths to insure that proper safety and hygiene rules were followed.

"I checked your calendar and next weekend you're free.  Can I tell them we're
coming?" asked Deb.

"All right, but you realize that you are going to wind up stripped naked with
this guy's cock in you after he spanks your pretty ass?" I said

"I know and that makes me so horny, especially knowing you will be nearby going
down on his wife with your red rear end point in the air."

Said Deb

"Let's fuck." I said

"Okay, but give me a second to call them and tell them we will be there around
noon this coming Saturday" said Deb

Well Deb made the call and we piled into bed and fucked like we did on our
honeymoon.  I decided that if just thinking about S&M made Deb that eager, it
was going to be very hot when we were really practicing S&M.

Saturday morning, Deb and I browsed Map Quest and printed directions to Ben and
Stella's estate.  Their place actually had a name, Elmwood Hill.  It was a
pleasant drive out the Long Island Expressway into one of the richest
communities of the United States.  Their home looked like one of those estates
they advertised in the New York Times magazine as a good buy for $15million. 
Located on a cliff overlooking the ocean, there were acres of grounds and the
main house consisted of several wings.  There was a swimming pool and tennis
courts and a large formal garden.  They started by taking us on a tour of their
stables where Ben kept his polo ponies.  There was a clubroom in the stable
building where one wall was lined with trophies won in polo.  There were
pictures of Ben charging across a field mallet in hand pursuing a white wooden
ball.  These people had serious wealth.

It was a nice day and we ate lunch with the Cameron's on a terrace overlooking
Long Island Sound.  Ben and Stella had cautioned us not to discuss anything
about our visit in front of the servants.  After lunch, the servants would leave
for the weekend and we could start to as Ben called it, "play".

Certainly, Ben and Stella did everything possible to put us at ease.  As I
chatted with Stella I wondered what it would be like when she was impaled on my
cock.  I could tell that Ben was interested in Deb's body.  It would be stepping
across a certain line for me to watch another man fuck my wife.  Deb and I had
discussed that several times.  Truthfully, I was looking forward to seeing
another cock fucking my wife.

"Look, no matter who or how many other men I have intercourse with, you will
still be my husband and the love of my life.  This is sex not love." Explained
the always-practical Deb.

Well that sounded acceptable and I responded in the same vain.  Still it would
be different to see Deb with another man's cock inside her.  Deb said she would
be aroused beyond control when she saw me pounding away at another pussy.  I
suppose that after three years of marriage we were mentally ready to try
something different.

After lunch, the servants cleared the dishes and left.

"Are you two ready to see our play space?" asked Ben

"We would love to.  You too are so nice to take time for a couple of newbies
like us." Said Deb

With that, they conducted us down several flights of stairs into a basement area
below the main house where the walls were constructed of stone.  I remember
thinking that this certainly looked like a dungeon.  They took us into a small
bare room.

"This room is where the slaves undress while we go next door and put on our
dominant attire.  The S&M role-play starts when we return.  We are to be
addressed as Master and Mistress.  So you too strip while Stella and I change. 
When we return you should be naked and on your knees.  Oh, put these slave
collars on.  You are not allowed to speak unless asked to by either of us.  You
are not to look directly in our face.  Keep your eyes downcast.  If you break
any of the rules, you will be punished severely."

Said Ben

When they left, Deb and I started to undress.

"Last chance to back out?" I asked

"You must be joking.  I am so turned on I am ready to cum right now.

This place is so cool.  I feel like I am in a different world," said Deb who was
shedding her clothes.

When Ben and Stella returned, the two of us were as required.  I had started to
get a little bit of an erection.  I admit I was turned on also.

Ben and Stella were certainly dressed for the part.  There must be a tailor
somewhere on this earth where rich people can go and say, "Suit me up like the
Marquis DeSade".  Stella had on very high fuck me pumps, a leather miniskirt and
matching leather bra.  Ben wore a leather pant that exposed his sizeable cock
and a leather vest.  He was all muscle too.  Their outfits were pretty much what
you would expect but they fit well and were of the best quality.

Stella's skirt had a slit up the middle that revealed a shaved pussy with some
rings inserted in the labia.  Ben had what I recall is a "Prince Albert" ring
installed in the head of his cock.  I thought that must have hurt when they put
it in.  I should also mention they each carried a small nasty looking whip and
had another kind of whip attached to their belts.  There was also something that
looked like a flashlight, more about that later.

They walked around and inspected us, tapping us lightly with their whip.

I received a sharp blow to my butt that startled me and caused me to look up at
Ben.  That was my first mistake.  I got several really hard blows on my back
that made me start to regret the whole S&M venture.  They attached leashes to
our collars and declared us to be slaves and we were forced to crawl into the
next room.  This room could be best described as resembling a car wash bay in a
garage.  The walls and floor were tiled.  There were several faucets and hoses. 
There was even a large drain in the middle of the floor.  My first thought was
that they were going to wash us off.

That was also the place where Deb and I were first introduced to the two
whipping benches.  My initial impression was that the large set of four wheels
made them resemble a hospital gurney.  They were constructed of metal with
padding for where your torso and knees rested.  They were light and easy to
maneuver but had a wide footprint and were remarkably steady.  Later when I was
screaming and shaking, I was surprised how little they shook in spite of the
efforts of my 175 pounds.

Deb and I were quickly fastened to the benches.  Once Deb was secure, Ben
decided to give her a really thorough man handling.  He felt her tits and then
her pussy.  I got turned on watching him play with my wife's pussy. Stella
considered that an infraction.

"The slave is getting hard watching you finger fuck his wife." Said Stella to
Ben

"Whip his cock until it is soft." Said Ben.

Stella proceeded to bring her whip down on my semi-hard cock with enough force
that I saw stars.

"That was too hard." I yelled making a second serious mistake.

"We told you to only speak when asked a question by the Master or Mistress" said
Stella who then proceeded to whip me until I was a blubbering fool begging her
to desist.  I lost my breath and could not talk so Stella stopped.  I would say
she hit me ten times as hard as she could, mainly on my cock and balls.  I
managed to keep quiet through the first five blows but for he last five I was
screaming at the top of my lungs.  On the other side of the room, I could see
that Ben was busy stroking Deb's clit and she had become enormously turned on
watching Stella whip me senseless.  That was when Deb screwed up and said

"That feels so good Ben.  I'm going to cum," whispered Deb making her own first
major mistake.

"No one asked you to talk, whore," said Ben who promptly stopped finger fucking
my wife and began to whip her back, ass, and cunt.  Deb can scream when she
wants to and her howls ricocheted off the tile walls.  Ben's whipping Deb gave
me a reprieve and I sort of collected myself.  I thought it was time to
announce, "Listen Ben and Stella, you've been marvelous hosts and lunch was
terrific but it appears BDSM is not for Deb and I.  If you will untie us, we are
going to leave now.  Sorry for all the bother we caused." However, there was
something inside my head that said they would ignore my announcement and that
Stella would whip my ass until it bled for making it.

Ben gave Deb about twenty-five of his best.  When he was done, Deb looked at me
with tear filled eyes.  It looked like her commitment to the S&M lifestyle was
being reconsidered.

"Let's clean them out." Said Ben.

Stella went over to a stainless steel table and put on a clear plastic apron and
a pair of rubber surgical gloves.  She kicked her shoes off and slipped on a
pair of knee high rubber boots.  She handed Ben a similar pair of gloves and
boots.  Then she picked up two large douche bags and some other apparatus and
took them to a metal sink.  She poured a small amount of fluid from a blue
bottle in each bag and then filled them with water.  She shook the bags to mix
the water with the bottle's contents.  She hung each bag from a hospital IV
stand.

It dawned on me.  My God they're going to give us an enema.  Deb and I were not
complete strangers to enemas.  Last year, when we started being concerned about
our declining sex life, Deb had let me fuck her ass.  We had bought an enema kit
at the drug store after I had managed to get shit everywhere but the ceiling on
our first try.

Stella maneuvered my bench so I could see what they were going to do to Deb. 
Stella began by squeezing a handful of lubricant out of a tube and applying it
to Deb's butt hole.  She worked her fingers inside my wife's little brown hole
causing Deb to let out a little moan.  Stella held up a strange looking
apparatus for us to see.  It consisted of some rubber tubing, two black squeeze
bulbs, and two small red-wrinkled balloons.

"Slave, we are going to thoroughly clean you out.  This is called a Bartholin
Double Enema Plug.  It is named after a famous Danish scientist and medical
doctor named Thomas Bartholin.  The glands that secrete lubrication when a woman
is aroused are called Bartholin Glands.  He also invented this device that
forces the body to retain the enema as long as it is desired.  We insert the
first expandable balloon part inside your rectum and pump it up with air.  Then
we inflate the second expandable part that is right outside your sphincter and
we have a tight seal." Said Stella sounding somewhat proud of her medical
knowledge.

The device certainly looked like some type of medical apparatus.  The two black
squeeze bulbs looked identical to what my doctor used to take my blood pressure. 
Stella inserted a water nozzle and a small wrinkled balloon into Deb's butt hole
and then pumped the balloon up with the black bulb.  Next, I watched the one
outside Deb's ass slowly fill up with air.  Deb's ass was now as leak proof as a
frog's butt.  Stella connected the water bag to the Bartholin apparatus and
released the clamp.  Deb started to moan after a few minutes.  My girl was
filling up and there was no way for her to get rid of it until Ben and Stella
decided it was time.  I looked down to see her fists were clenching and
unclenching.

"I have to go.  This is hurting too much," said Deb

"Gag her with a O-ring," said Ben

That prompted Stella to force a black rubber circle into Deb's mouth.

She buckled it tightly at the base of Deb's skull.

"Open wide," said Ben to me.  I realized there was no point in resisting. The
gag was some sort of hard rubber donut with two straps that buckled behind your
head.  The end result was that your mouth was forced wide open.  I could stick
my tongue through the center of the donut.  I recall wondering why they used
this sort of a gag since we could still make sounds but not words.

"She's taken both liters." Said Stella causing me to wonder if all BDSM
measurements were conducted on the Metric System.

"Now Nick," said Ben

Stella brought another set of apparatus from the table.  I felt my butt hole
being lubricated and something inserted in my asshole.  A pumping sound followed
this.  My butt felt the wrinkled rubber ball being expanded.  Then the outside
ball was pumped up.  The feeling was more tight than painful.

Deb was making a lot of noise.  She was writhing back and forth.  You could tell
from the way she was straining on the wrist and ankle manacles she was in
enormous pain.  I felt the liquid start to fill me.  At that point I quit
worrying about Deb as my own set of painful cramps claimed all my attention.  If
you have never had a 2-liter enema with a healthy dose of castile soap included,
you should try it.  You want to shit so badly, you would agree to anything.  At
the same time, your intestines feel like they are moving about inside your body. 
The pain from cramping is mind numbing.  But with the donut gag, all I could do
was moan and whimper.  I wanted to beg them to let me shit my brains out.

Ben moved Deb's bench to where her butt was only inches from my face.

The educational part of our ordeal was about to begin.

"Now, you are here to learn, so please listen.  Scat refers to the fetish
involving human excrement.  People who do scat are people who eat shit or smear
it over their body or lie in it.  Some scat lovers like to be shit on and others
like to do the shitting.  Enemas are a source of scat.

They are sometimes referred to as brown showers.  We are going to combine some
of the scat related activities into a training exercise.  When we remove Slave
Deborah's plugs, it will allow the brown shower to flow directly into Nick's
mouth.  Of course, Nick will be forced to swallow some of your shit, Deborah."
Said Ben

Oh fuck, what have I got myself into?  I just knew I was going to puke.

Hell I was there to get a little strange pussy not eat my wife's poop.  I could
hear Deb trying to protest through the gag.  She was smart enough to realize
that her turn to dine on one of my turds would be next.

"Oh, by the way, there will be a soap taste and that is Castile soap that we put
in the enema solution.  The soap irritates the bowel and makes you want to
defecate all the more.  That's why you feel your bowels cramping so badly.  The
Bartholin equipment can be purchased over the Internet and Castile soap is
available at any drugstore" Said Ben in a helpful tone of voice.  It would not
have surprised me if he had said the items could be purchased at the gift shop
once our BDSM tour was completed.

My guts were doing double flips.  I swear that my intestines were moving several
inches inside my body.  A film of sweat covered Deb's body.  That made me
realize I was also sweating from every pore.  Stella moved me closer to Deb's
asshole and used a pedal on the bench to adjust the height so Deb's butt was
aligned with my mouth.

"Deborah, we going to remove the Bartholin.  When we do, you can blow your shit
right into Nick's mouth.  He will be doing the same to you in a minute so I
suggest you give him everything you got." Said Stella as she pushed a release
button and I heard the air hiss out of the inflated balloon outside her butt
hole.

"Have you ever eaten your wife's shit before?" Ben asked.  I shook my heard no.

"Well, you are in for a new experience.  Who knows?  New York has a small but
active group of scat enthusiasts and you might choose to join them." Said Ben

Stella pushed the second release button with a hiss of air.  A small trickle of
water leaked down Deb's asshole.  I closed my eyes as Stella pulled the inside
balloon out of Deb's butt hole.  Immediately, I felt my face drenched in water. 
Several pebble size turds hit my face.  My mouth filled up with water and I
realized there were small turds in my mouth.  God I wanted to vomit but I was
afraid that with the gag, I would choke to death.

"Mash them up with your tongue and swallow them." Commanded Ben.

It took me a minute but I managed to swallow the shit.  For those of you who
have never eaten shit, I can tell you that it tastes as bad and is as disgusting
as you imagine it to be.  My stomach churned and clinched as it encountered
something that it must have normally considered an output not an input.  Ben
must have picked up one of Deb's turds from the floor and mashed it up with his
hand because he next used his finger to rub a thick line of shit right under my
nose.

"That's called a Dirty Sanchez by scat practitioners.  The names comes from a
rough resemblance to a mustache that you might find on a Mexican bandito." Said
Ben.

A camera flash went off.  My God he is taking pictures.  We never talked about
or agreed to anyone taking pictures.  Now there was a picture of me with a shit
mustache.  The smell of shit invaded my nostrils.  My bowels felt like they were
going to explode.  Stella was rotating Deb's bench so her face was ready for my
shit shower.

After a minute or two, I felt the Bartholin plugs being deflated.  Well, Deb pay
back is a bitch.  I sensed their adjusting the bench's alignment.

"Dear, see.  Now Deborah's mouth is exactly in line." I head Ben say to Stella

The plugs were out and for the life of me there was no way that I could not let
my shit fly even if I had wanted to.  The enema exploded out of me.  I heard Deb
sputtering and gasping.

"Mash them with your tongue and back teeth.  Here's a nice soft one that was on
the floor for only a second so the 30 second rule applies." Stella said.

I could hear Deb whimpering.  This is a woman who would never dream of putting
anything in her mouth that was not perfectly clean.  Deb had forced me to walk
out of half a dozen Manhattan restaurants because they did not meet her
standards for cleanliness.  Now she was eating my shit off the floor.  I can't
imagine how she must feel about that.

They gave us a moment to recover then repeated the process.  This time the
two-liter enema must have reached to where the turds were not formed because the
shit was loose and it slid down my throat like the foulest milk shake you can
imagine.  Ever fiber in my being was dedicated to keeping from vomiting.  I had
a hunch that if I puked that Ben would make me eat my vomit.  I had once read
there was a fetish where you ate your own or somebody else's puke.

I'm a big guy so my intestines must store far more manure than my 125-pound
wife.  When I let my second brown shower go, you could hear Deb gasping and
swallowing for several minutes.

"Nick, that was quite impressive," said Ben as he wheeled Deborah around to
where I could see her.  Her entire upper body was covered in shit.  She looked
like she had fallen head first into a giant mud puddle.  The camera started
flashing.  I thought about Deb pasting the pictures in our family album and
almost laughed.  Glad I didn't.  Ben and Stella would have probably have whipped
the skin off my ass for levity.

Then Deb did something that surprised the hell out of me.  She licked her lips
to get more shit in her mouth.  They say you never really know someone and I
have to agree.  If you had told me my wife would get turned on eating my turds,
I would have said you were crazy.  But there my little wife was looking excited
as she licked up my shit, her tongue poking through the donut gag to get more of
the stuff.

On my third turn, Deb provided me with a thin long turd that went half way into
my mouth.  The other half broke off and fell on the floor.  Ben scooped it up
and slipped it through the donut gag.  I guess you can get used to anything even
eating your wife's shit.  I worked it with my tongue and got it down.

Poor Deb was really at a disadvantage in this crazy game.  On my third enema
release, I felt something large travel from way up inside me.  I sort of
pictured it like the log plume at Disney World.  When they wheeled me about,
there was a huge turd stuck in her gag.  It was one of the sizes you could be
proud of, maybe a foot long and three inches in diameter.  It had some
consistency.  Ben was slowly pushing it through the donut gag into Deb's mouth. 
I could see Deb tongue licking it to get it into her mouth.  How was I ever
going to kiss those lips again without that picture in my mind?  Stella was
actively taking pictures while Ben slowly fed Deb my huge turd.  My stomach was
doing flip-flops.

For the last two enemas, we did not give one another a brown shower.  I
concluded that the final ones would have only cleaned the shit off our faces and
Ben wanted us to stay covered.  That did not keep them from hurting like hell. 
My guts had completely re-arranged themselves since the enemas started.  On the
fifth one, Ben said the water was clear and we were cleaned out.  I felt like I
had lost five pounds and been hollowed out inside.

They maneuvered the benches to where we both faced the camera and took half a
dozen shots.  I wondered if they were going to create a souvenir album that a
decade later they could look through together and recall the weekend they had
taught the BDSM lifestyle to the idiot couple from Manhattan.

I hoped they were going to wash us off.  My face was caked with Deb's shit.  I
would have killed for a cup of Listerine mouthwash.  But Ben and Stella were not
done with this phase of our training.

"Next, we have the water sport fetish, commonly known as WS, also Golden Showers
or GS.  I was wondering if you noticed that Stella and I have several glasses of
ice tea during lunch.  We were getting ourselves ready for the next lesson."
Said Ben

"I need to go first." Said Stella who brought a metal step stool over to where I
was facing.

Stella stepped on the stool.  Ben adjusted my bench height to where Stella's
piss hole was right up against the hole in my donut gag.

"Nick, if you don't swallow as much as you can, we will make sure you regret it"
Said Ben sounding very dominant.

With that Stella unleashed a stream of warm piss in my mouth.  I swallowed as
best I could.  Some did run down my chin but not enough to invite Ben's
retribution.  Half a dozen mouthfuls of warm urine went down my gullet to join
the shit residing in my stomach.  Actually, the piss was nowhere near as bad as
the shit.

"Don't use it all," said Ben.  At that point, Stella ceased her urination and
stepped down from the stool.

"Slave Deborah, we want you to piss in Nick's mouth while I relieve myself in
yours.  Do you understand?" asked Ben.

Deb must have indicated agreement.  Ben maneuvered Deb's bench to line her piss
hole up with my mouth.  I could see he was standing right in front of Deb with a
look of concentration on his face.  Deb's pee began to flow and I suppose Ben's
also as I could tell that Deb was busy swallowing.  Camera flashes blinded me. 
Deb's urine filled my mouth and I gulped it down.  Deb must have emptied her
bladder because she stopped but Ben kept going for a while.

Next they rolled Deb's bench to where she was right at my ass.  Stella grabbed
my cock and pulled it straight back between my legs to point into Deborah's
mouth.  I found myself staring right at Ben's cock.

"Now, Nick, it is your turn to piss in Deborah's mouth while I piss in yours,"
said Ben

At that point, his cock tip was right inside the gag donut hole.  As a committed
heterosexual, that was the closest my mouth had ever been to the male sex organ. 
It was to get a lot closer before the weekend was over but that's later in this
story.

"Are you ready, Slave Nick, to release a stream of hot piss into your wife's
thirsty mouth?" asked Ben

It sounded a little pompous but I nodded assent.  It took me a second to get my
flow going.  I had also drunk several glasses of tea so I was well prepared. 
Ben let fly so I was peeing and swallowing all at once.  Stella had the camera
working.  Several times I thought I was going to retch.  I was starting to get
full when Ben stopped.  I kept going for another few seconds.

"Who would you say enjoyed it the most?" Ben asked Stella.

"Deborah definitely." Said Stella.

"Well, as a reward, let's both finish in her mouth," said Ben

Needless to say that was one contest, I was happy to lose.  They maneuvered my
bench to where my face was about one foot to the side of Deborah's.  First, Ben
pissed into Deb's mouth and then Stella.  My little princess eagerly swallowed
as much as she could.  Then sort of as a finale, Ben leaned down and picked a
small turd up off the floor and pushed it into Deb's mouth and she swallowed
that down.

"Well, we seem to have found an incompatibility problem with regard to scat. 
Deborah is obviously an enthusiast and we will provide her with the email
address of a friend in the city who manages a fetish club for scat lovers.  But
I don't think Nick shares Deborah's enthusiasm.  Well, we leave it to the two of
you to work this out, Stella and I are not marriage counselors." Said Ben

If I had been allowed to speak I would have said that Ben was correct in saying
I did not share my wife's eagerness to eat shit and drink piss.  I guess I am
just an old stick in the mud whose idea of sex is my cock inside a woman's mouth
and pussy in that order.

Stella and Ben went over to the wall, twisted the faucet knobs and used the
hoses to wash us off.  They washed the floor into the center drain.  They dried
us with towels they got from a cabinet then removed the donut gags and wheeled
us into the next room.

The room was large and scary.  One wall was mirrored.  Another contained a large
collection of various types of whips and other instruments of torture.  There
were several odd looking tables and a pair of crosses in the shape of an X that
faced one another.  Ben explained they were St.  Andrew's crosses, apparently
named after one of the Christian martyrs.  Overhead there were chains and a
system of pulleys.  There were also several storage cabinets.  It must be nice
to be rich.  All the BDSM equipment and furnishings probably cost the same as a
Mercedes Benz S class. At the time I wondered where you find someone to sell and
install all these fixtures and equipments.  Is there a California Closets for
S&M dungeons?  Later, I was to learn that there is a European company that does
exactly that.

"Slave Nick, Have you ever sucked a cock or been fucked in the ass?" asked Ben
to which I replied in the negative, "No Master".

"Slave Deborah.  Have you ever eaten a cunt?" asked Ben and Deb replied in the
negative even though she once admitted that she and her college roommate had
gotten drunk one night and gone down on each other.

"Well, Stella and I are both bi-sexual as are many of the BDSM community. The
next lesson will involve homosexual sex." Said Ben.

In my wildest dreams, I had never expected anything homosexual to happen. Well,
maybe it would have been hot for Deb and Stella to do a little muff diving just
to get Ben and me aroused.  But, I realized I was going to get far beyond that
point.  Ben's dick was going in my mouth and then in my ass.  Well that was
beyond where I was willing to go.

"No" I said

"Slave Nick just said No and I don't think anyone asked him a question.

I gather he is refusing to participate in our bi-sexual lesson.  Stella please
correct Slave Nick's thinking." Said Ben

I felt my ass cheeks parting as something cold and blunt was pushed against my
asshole.  The next moment my body was racked with pain.  I jerked so violently I
thought my spine would snap.  It took me several seconds to recover enough to
scream.  And scream I did.  A long howl of pain that bounced off stonewalls.  My
muscles contracted to the point I thought they were going to rip my tendons. 
Nothing I could recall had ever felt this bad.

"Nick, that was a cattle prod Stella applied to your butt hole and it was
applied at low power.  If you still refuse to participate, Stella is going to
stick it several inches in your asshole and give you a full power application. 
What's your decision?" asked Ben

I nodded yes.  I would have sucked and fucked a company of Marines to keep from
going through that again.

"Now, since Nick has been disobedient, we will require him to give me a rim job
to start.  Deborah will watch you suck and lick my asshole," Said Ben

Ben turned around and bent over to present me with his butt hole.

Stella wheeled Deborah over so she had a good view.  I rationalized that since I
had been eating shit and drinking piss a few minutes ago, using my tongue on
Ben's hole was not the worst thing that could happen.  Actually, having Stella
use that cattle prod on my asshole was the worst thing I had experienced.

Ben edged closer and flexed his body to expose his asshole to my face.

He seemed to have excellent muscular control because he actually opened his
asshole as he pushed it back into my face.

"Begin by slowly licking it up and down," Said Ben.

And I did as I was told.  Ben's hole was clean and soft and my tongue quickly
got it relaxed to where it began to open more.

"Now surround the hole with your mouth and gently suck it," said Ben

My eyes were closed but I heard the camera working.

"Deborah, do you want to suck my ass like Nick is sucking Ben?" Stella asked
Deborah.

"Yes, Mistress, Please let me suck your asshole." Said Deborah.  I was beginning
to wonder when we would discover something Deb did not like.

"Now, slide your tongue inside as far as it will go.  Yes, that right, I believe
you are enjoying this Nick.  Maybe sucking asshole is your secret fantasy." Said
Ben

Well, I have licked Deborah's little brown hole on a couple of occasions when we
were a little drunk.  I felt my cock start to get hard.  Hey, maybe rimming was
my thing or at least one of them.  Ben's muscular control was awesome.  He could
open his butt hole the way a normal person opens their mouth.  From the sounds
over Deb's way, I surmised her tongue was lapping Stella's shit hole.

"Now for some cock sucking Nick.  I feel privileged to be your first."

Said Ben as he changed positions to allow his cock head to slip between my lips. 
My rimming must have turned him on because there was a big drop of pre-cum on
the tip of his dick.  My cock was fully erect.  I felt Ben twist slightly and
the camera flashed.  Now there were several shots of my mouth wrapped around
Ben's cock.  Of course, I had pictured Deb's mouth as the one sucking dick but
nothing thus far had gone as I thought it would.

"Deborah, tell me how you feel about your husband sucking my cock?" Ben asked.

"Master, It's highly erotic.  Just watching it makes me almost cum.  it's a
truly beautiful sight to see your cock slide in and out of Nick's mouth.  I
always suspected he was part queer." Said Deb.

Okay, the bitch was right.  Ben's cock did feel good.  I had never even touched
another man's cock in the belief that it was just not for me but this was as Deb
put it "erotic".  There I was barely able to move an inch with a fully erect
penis fucking my mouth.  Hell yes it was hot.  I guess there are certain things
you just have to try before you know how you feel.

"Here, show Deborah how much you like to lick the top." Said Ben as he took it
out so she could see me licking his cock head.  I had a serious erection.  Ben
let me suck him for quite a while then announced it was time to see whether I
like being ass fucked.  Stella had apparently anticipated this because she
immediately started to lubricate my butt hole.  She put one finger in me and
then two.  She began to work my prostate and I could feel a little cum ooze out
of the tip of my dick.

"Nick, I am going to take your anal cherry.  Deborah is going to watch and
Stella is going to make a digital video of the event." Said Ben

Ben positioned himself at my rear and I felt his cock head pushing into me.  My
sphincter resisted for a few seconds but then he popped inside me and damn did
that hurt.  Ben was considerate enough to give me a few seconds to get used to
having his cock inside my ass before he started to stroke me.  Ben started
slowly then steadily increased his rate of stroke.

"Slave Deborah, isn't it beautiful to see your husband being anally violated?"
asked Stella.

"It is very beautiful, Mistress.  Nick has been selfish not allowing me to watch
him having sex with another man." Replied Deb.

"Well, in the future, you will have to insist that he allows you to watch." Said
Stella

By this time, Ben had started to move like a jackhammer.  My ass was taking a
pounding.  I looked over to see that Deb was licking Stella's bare cunt and
trying to watch me get fucked all at the same time.  Ben's cock did feel good as
it worked my ass.  He must have been a good eight inches and that dick was thick
enough that my butt hole felt like a rubber band stretched to the breaking
point.  I was whimpering and moaning.  The pleasure was intense when it went
deep into my bowels.

All of a sudden Ben stopped and walked quickly around to my face and slipped his
cock between my lips.  He stroked it a couple of times than ejected a load of
cum right into my mouth.

"Swallow it" Ben ordered and I did.

"I think we have to conclude that Nick is bi-sexual.  That's a great advantage
for someone involved in the BDSM lifestyle.  It expands the possibilities of
what can be attempted." Said Ben

"Now Deborah, you must suck me hard again while Stella uses a strap-on dildo on
your vagina." Said Ben who had put his cock that he had just removed from my
asshole in Deb mouth.  Deb did not hesitate a minute and went to work on Ben.  I
must tell you that Deb is an excellent cocksucker.  In fact, the way we got
together was that Deb was dating a co-worker of mine who kept bragging that this
girl he was dating gave the best head he had ever experienced.  Well, after
several months of dating, my co-worker was ready to move on girl-wise so he
introduced me to Deb.  Although, I initially went out with her just to see what
my co-worker kept bragging about.  The fact is that we hit it off from the first
moment.  I was crazy about Deb from the start and the fact that her mouth
functioned like an industrial vacuum cleaner only added to my infatuation.

I was being left alone to watch for a minute when Stella returned wearing the
largest and meanest looking strap-on latex cock I had ever seen. It was at least
a foot long but the main thing was how thick it was.  I would say the diameter
was in the four-inch range.  The sides were covered with little rubber spikes
and there was a piece on the bottom that looked to be a clitoral stimulator but
it had longer spikes.  Stella did not let Deb see that monster or she might have
fainted.  Besides Deb was too busy sucking Ben's joint; but she was in for the
fuck of her life.

Stella began working Astro-Glide in Deb's vagina.  Stella went from one finger
to four fingers as greased the walls of Deb's cunt.  Then she lubricated the
strap-on.  I thought to myself this is going to be interesting.  Stella moved
the rubber cock up and down Deb's slit to get it positioned at the opening. 
Stella took a firm grasp on Deb's hips.  She looked over at me and smiled then
lunged forward using her arms and legs.  That ugly monster of a rubber dick went
in right to the fake latex balls in one swift stroke.  I wouldn't have thought
it possible.

Deb let out a scream of inhuman pain.  That prompted Stella to withdraw
everything but the tip and then plunge it inside my wife's love tunnel once
again.  When Stella reached bottom this time, she ground that nasty looking
clitoral stimulator into Deb's love button.  That occasioned more screams.  I
was becoming concerned that they were doing real damage and that Deb's female
plumbing would become inoperative for future fucking or bringing into the world
the two children we had planned.

But Deb calmed down and just whimpered and moaned as Stella pounded away. I
gather Deb regained enough composure to start sucking Ben cock again.  After a
good five minutes of latex hell, Ben came around to Deb's rear and send Stella
off to the side.  I got a good look at the strap-on and it was streaked with
Deb's blood.

"I'm going to fuck you in the ass, Deborah." Said Ben

"Stella dear, put Nick in front of Deborah so she can suck my cum out of his ass
while I put another load in her ass." Said Ben

It seemed like Deb was getting the worst of it at the time.  I suppose I should
have considered that unfair but remember this whole thing was Deb's idea. 
Stella maneuvered the bench to where my asshole was right in Deb's face.  She
planted her lips in a tight circle around my whole and started to lick and suck. 
I did my best to help her out by imitating Ben to the extent I could and
relaxing and opening my asshole.

I heard Deb gasp a few times which Ben forcing that sizeable dick of his inside
my wife's tight little shit hole must have caused.  I relaxed and enjoyed the
sensations that Deb was causing with her mouth.  It was certainly pleasant
enough to feel her warm wet lips massaging my butt hole and gently sucking Ben's
load out.  I decided that having your asshole sucked was a good thing.  I heard
Ben make a sound and surmised he had just deposited a load of jism in Deb's
rear.  I found my bench being rapidly wheeled around and Deb's butt pushed in my
face.  Stella held Deb's cheeks apart so I could get right down on that asshole.

"Okay, Nick, Time to return the favor.  Deb's hole should be nice and open and
the jism is fresh.  Let's see you suck my cum out of your wife's ass.  Stella,
you are capturing this on video, are you not?" asked Ben.

"Of course, dear.  I haven't missed a thing." Said Stella.

I sucked away and felt a gooey liquid slide into my mouth.  Back when I thought
we were going to get into wife swapping, I had considered that I might be
fucking or even going down on Deb's snatch when another man's load was inside. 
I had never considered that I would be sucking another's cum out of her asshole. 
I sucked and swallowed until Ben and Stella must have decided that I had gotten
enough.

"The next phase involves prolonged restraint under torture." Said Ben

The two of them moved pretty quickly.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw Stella
lubricating two very large butt plugs.  She pushed one up my ass and did the
same for Deb.  These things were huge and my ass hurt like hell.  Next I felt
something loop around my balls and cinch them tight.  Then they were stretched
down toward the floor to where I thought they were going to rip off.  They
elastic line was tied off to the base of the bench.  My dick was also tied right
under the head and stretched downward.  Then Ben showed me a clamp like we used
in the office to hold a document together.

"This goes on the tip of your penis, Nick.  I imagine it is going to hurt
terribly so feel free to scream." Said Ben as he applied the clamp to the tip
end of my cock.  Yes, I did start screaming and begging him to take it off.  I
looked over to see that Stella was stroking out Deb's pussy lips and clitoris
and applying close pins that were attached together with a string.  I next felt
little pinches down my inner thighs.  I saw that Deb's thighs were covered with
close pins.

"Close pins connected by a line are called zippers.  You'll see how this works
when we remove them," said Stella as she slipped that monster dildo she had
earlier fucked Deb with back into Deb's vagina.  Stella then tied a small
leather strap to the base of the dildo to keep Deb from forcing it out.

My groin was a pain center.  Balls, penis, thighs were all screaming at me.  I
wondered what kind of person would willingly choose to be tortured this way.  If
I thought it would have done any good, I would have been begging Ben to let us
go.

I felt a sucking sensation on one of my nipples.  Ben was using some sort of
suction device to draw my nipple into the mouth of this glass device that had a
rubber bulb on the end.  It must have drawn a good inch of my tit into the damn
thing.  Ben released the suction, deftly grabbed my nipple and attached a clamp. 
He then proceeded to tighten the clamp as I screamed for him to stop.  When my
tit was mashed almost flat, he attached a fishing weight and gave it a swing.  I
responded with a loud, throaty yell.  Ben then proceeded to do my other nipple.

"A woman's breasts are so much more interesting to the torturer than a man's. 
There's really very little you can do to a man's breasts.  Nick, stop crying and
watch Stella work on your wife.  Stella is a real artist when it comes to making
a woman wish she was born without breasts." Said Ben

I watched through pain-clouded eyes as Stella took two rubber rings and somehow
forced my wife's boobs through them to rest at the base of her tits. I was
amazed that my wife's 34C tits had been pulled through something that small. 
They were rubber and would stretch but they looked to be about the size of a
silver dollar.  The effect was that the base was tightly constricted forcing the
top of the breast to protrude outward like an overstuffed sausage.  Deb's
nipples were forced out a good inch.  I had never seen anything like it.  Next
Stella took an apparatus I would describe as two small boards about three inches
wide and maybe three feet long and using wing nuts captured Deb's tits on the
top and bottom.  The nasty part was that carpet tacks had been driven through
the boards.  Stella tightened the wing nuts till Deb's tits were pressed flat
and the tack points penetrated the top and bottom of her breasts.  Deb must have
had over a hundred tacks embedded in her boobs, top and bottom.  Deb gave out
real cries of agony as the press forced the tack points into her flesh.  Deb
kept screaming and pleading throughout this procedure.  Stella ignored her as
she tightened.  She and Ben consulted whether they were tight enough. He gave
them a couple of extra turns, which brought about a new set of screams.  She was
also begging and pleading for them to stop.  Her tits had turned blue-black. 
And there were drops of blood seeping out on to the floor.  Finally Stella
attached a good size alligator clamp to each nipple and a set of fishing weights
that pulled them down to where they must have been three inches long.  Deb just
kept howling and they kept ignoring her.

The final act was to gag us with a leather bit that forced out mouth open; but
was so tight, you felt like your jaw was going to break.  They placed us face to
face where we could feel each other's breath but could not talk.  At that point,
they turned out the light and left the room.  This brings us back to the start
of this story.

I lay there in the dark cursing my wife for getting me involved in this.

I could hear her sobbing a few inches from my face.  I then had a change of
heart and decided this was not really all her fault.  I was not sure whether Ben
and Stella were insane or just being thorough.  What had I learned thus far? 
Well I had no taste for eating shit or drinking piss and enemas hurt like hell
too.  But Deb seemed to get off on scat.  Maybe in my role as a supportive
spouse, I could limit myself to taking a dump on the scat crowd.  I didn't plan
on going any further.

Bi-sexuality was another matter.  Ben had opened a whole new world to me.
Sucking cock and being ass fucked was more than okay.  I was anxious to see if I
enjoyed being the fucker as opposed to the fuckee.  I had fucked Deborah in her
ass several times and we both got turned on.  The problem was that either you
spent a considerable time cleaning out her bowels with an enema or you took a
chance on getting shit all over your dick.  If Deborah was the scat girl she
appeared to be, I could let her lick all her shit off my cock.  I took some sort
of comfort in that thought.  Maybe the NY City Scat Club would provide me the
opportunity to have a large number of women suck the shit off my dick while Deb
watched.  I was beginning to see certain possibilities.

The one thing I was certain that I was not into was pain; at least at the level
I was experiencing it.  There were two lines of clothespins attached to my inner
thigh and reaching from my groin to right above my knee.  It was a pain that
would not go away or even go numb.  My balls were numb, thank god.  So were my
nipples.  I could feel the big plug inside my ass, stretching me open.  Still I
had to admit I was better off than Deb.

Just when I was about to despair of ever seeing the light of day, door opened
and Ben and Stella reappeared and turned the lights back on.

"Well, Let's see how our newbies are coming along." Announced Ben who began to
manipulate Deb's pussy with one hand.

"She' getting wet.  Let's see if she can cum in her present state." Ben said as
he then went down on Deb or at least that was what it looked like from my
limited view.

Stella started playing with my cock.  I guess she was trying to see if I could
get a hard on while my balls were stretched to the limit.  Stella was providing
a restricted hand job given that the clamps, clothespins, and whatever attached
to my private parts constrained her freedom of movement.  Unbelievably, I
started to get a hard on.

Deb showed her true colors by beginning to moan.  Her face was inches from mine. 
She opened her eyes and looked at me without comprehension.  She was drooling
through her gag and her eyes were glazed over.  The bitch was getting into it. 
She was a painslut.  Her breath became rapid.  I could hear Ben slurping away. 
Deb announced she was hitting the big "O" by letting out a long moan then a
little yip.  Ben then did something that blew my mind.  He pulled the string on
the line of clothespins on her inner thigh off in one swift motion.  I thought
Deb was going nuts.  She emitted a high-pitched whine as the blood flowed back
into the constricted capillaries of her inner high.  Ben also loosed her nipple
clamps and let the weights carry them to the floor.  Deb's whine intensified and
even rose in pitch.  Her body jerked from side to side.  Ben loosed the wing
nuts and her tit press fell away.  She howled through the gag as her breasts
resumed something of their original shape.  There were little bloody tack wounds
all over her knockers.  Deb howled a few more times and then passed out.

Ben and Stella removed Deb's gag and then mine.  My jaw silently thanked them. 
I noticed that they left the butt plug in Deb and me.  Stella was stroking my
cock with her hand as she pulled the clamp of the tip.  For maybe ten seconds
that felt great then the blood returned to the flesh where the clamp forced it
out.  I sort of hyperventilated and then released one of my best blood curdling
screams.  Stella slipped my cock in her mouth, which surprised me by still being
hard, and sucked me deep into her opening.  Stella was a talented cocksucker and
I started moving along the path that would make me drop my load into her hot wet
maw.  Ben came around to the front of me and loosened my nipple clamps
occasioning more moments of sheer agony.  Next Stella untied the cord that was
stretching my balls and I realized I was seconds away from orgasm.  My newly
released balls were striving to send a pool of hot jism right between Stella's
lips.  I was breathing faster and faster.  All of a sudden, I felt release and
at that moment, Stella must have tasted the first drops of my sperm so she
jerked the zippers of my inner thighs and I screamed my way through the longest
and deepest orgasm I had ever experienced.  I didn't black out like Deb but I
came awfully close.  Deb had been telling me that orgasms inspired by S&M
torture were the most intense and what I had just experienced convinced me she
was right.

Ben and Stella let us rest for a while and even insisted that we take a drink of
cool water.  The dungeon was equipped with a small refrigerator stacked with
Evian Water.  We were sort of back where we started except for the butt plug
inside our shit holes.  My body felt tender especially my nipples and the tip of
my dick.  I wanted to ask Deb how she was doing but decided that would be a
cause of punishment so I stayed quiet.

"Well, the two of you appeared to have a rewarding bondage and restraint
experience.  I think it is safe to say that you could be submissives for a
knowledgeable dominant couple who are into severe restraint and torture.

That reminds me we should introduce you to Lois and Bill Stedman.  They live
right down the lane and have a way with young couples that enjoy hard restraint. 
It might be a good business contact for you, Nick.  Bill is one of the most
influential business leaders in the city." Said Ben

"Ben, that's a wonderful idea.  Lois was telling me the other day how they
needed to meet and train some new people.  I'll give Deborah their number. 
Wait, I have a better idea.  Why don't I give them a call and see if they can
come over and meet you now.  They might even join us.  I'm sure you wouldn't
mind having them participate." Said Stella

"Capital idea, Stella, give them a call." Said Ben.  Stella left the room to
make the call.

I had heard of William Terrence Stedman.  Who in the New York business community
hadn't?  He was on the board of directors of more than a dozen major
corporations.  Under normal circumstances, it would be terrific career move for
a lowly corporate attorney like myself to make his acquaintance.  However, if he
came now, he would see Deb and I tied up and naked being trained as slaves.  I
was not sure that was a good thing.

"They're coming right over." Said Stella as she returned to the dungeon.

"Now, we are going to try bestiality and see how you do with that.

Stella dear, can you get Alphonse and Gaston from the other room." Said Ben

I forgot about the Stedman's as I realized they were planning on us having sex
with their dogs.  I made a mental note never to leave anything in Deb's
incapable hands again.  Why had I not asked any questions about what we would be
doing with the Cameron's?  If I lived through this, I would be asking my wife
some very tough questions such as "Did you know they planned to let their dog's
fuck us?"

Ben lowered the whipping benches as Stella returned with the two canines. Ben
grabbed one of the two and took him to the front of Deb's bench.  I realized
that Deb's mouth and the Gaston's cock were on the same level.  Ben reached down
underneath Gaston and started to give his cock a hand job.  In a few strokes, a
red, slippery cock began to appear out of the sheath.  Ben gave a few more
strokes and then guided it into Deb's mouth.

"Be still, Gaston," commanded Ben as Deb commenced for the first time in her
life to give head to a dog.  My turn was next.  Stella had been preparing
Alphonse and I was quickly presented a large wet dog pecker to suck.  I had
decided when Stella applied that cattle prod to my ass that I was going to do
whatever they commanded so I started to noisily suck on Gaston's cock.  The
dog's cock was in proportion to the rest of him and while not particularly thick
must have been eight inches long.  I did not have much range of motion tied to
the bench but Gaston helped by humping forward.  That cock was working in and
out of my mouth rapidly.  I approached this �ask with the attitude that I would
do my best in order to get it over with as quickly as possible.  Therefore I
endeavored to suck Gaston with as much skill as I could summon.  I could hear
Deb's mouth working on Alphonse's doggy dick.

After about 5 minutes, Ben and Stella switched the pups to our other end. I felt
the butt plug being withdrawn and a hard dog cock inserted in its place.  I
could see Deb's face now and she looked in the throes of pleasure being pounded
by her first dog cock.  I had to agree that it was not all that bad; although I
did not consider it any real turn on.  I just lay there with Gaston's eight
inches slipping in and out my ass hole.  I was starting to get into it when I
heard a strange voice.

"Ben, I have to say what a wonderful job, you and Stella have done training
those two.  They fuck humans better than most humans fuck humans." I heard a
deep male voice that I took to be Bill Stedman.

"You missed seeing them get head.  They stayed in place and were even helpful."
Replied Ben.

"Well, we got here as quickly as we could.  What have you done so far?"

I heard a female voice that I surmised was Lois Stedman.

"I'll recap.  Bill and Lois meet Nick and Deborah Kerry.  Deb is an editor for
Ashcroft House and Nick lawyers on the corporate side for Dunst, Kelly, Segal,
and Dunst." Said Bill introducing me to one of New York's movers and shakers as
a Great Dane was fucking my ass in nice smooth strokes.

"I went to Princeton with Teddy Dunst.  Does he still limp?  He smashed up his
roadster one night after a party at our frat house.  He was so drunk he drove
straight into a tree," asked Bill

"Yes, I have noticed a slight limp." I replied.  In the one or two times, I had
managed to meet Theodore Charles Dunst, our august senior partner whose father
and grandfather founded the firm, on more that one occasion and the bastard did
have a noticeable limp that he told people he got in the war.

"We started as usual with a thorough cleaning out.  You know how much Lois likes
to make sure their GI tract is empty.  During that phase, we did some scat.  Deb
seemed to take to that more than Nick, not that he became difficult but he
seemed to enjoy it less than Deb who turned out to have quite a taste for it."
Said Ben

"You must introduce them to Ted and Pinkie.  You know how much the Reynolds
enjoy bringing new people into scat." Said Bill

"So, Slave Deborah, you like to eat shit.  That's wonderful.  Most young couples
today are so limited.  It's good to see that you lack such inhibitions.  Just to
catch me up, can Slave Nick suck my cock while we talk?" asked Bill who did not
wait for an answer but shoved his meat between my lips.  Now I had a dog cock up
my ass and a man dick in my mouth. I was quite busy.

"Lois, allow Slave Deborah to lick your cunt while I finish my recapitulation. 
Now after the enemas and scat, we did some golden showers where once again
Deborah demonstrated a greater liking for swallowing piss than Nick.  However,
Nick showed considerable aptitude for bi-sexual behavior.  I think you would
agree considering the way he is working your cock." Said Ben

"Yes, most certainly.  You can always tell a natural.  His cock sucking is
excellent.  I'm almost ready to drop a load down his throat." Said Bill.

"Next it was time for your specialty.  We used a combination of clamps and
clothespins to create an environment of pain.  Slave Deborah's breasts were
subjected to the press.  I have to tell you that she looked quite beautiful with
her breasts heavily restrained." Said Ben

"Sorry to have missed it.  Did you make some photos?" asked Lois

"Yes, we did.  I hope they turn out.  We also shot some video." Replied Stella

"Maybe, some weekend, we can invite Nick and Deborah to our playground and you
can enjoy torturing Slave Deborah's breasts.  Would that be agreeable to
everyone?" asked Bill who momentarily withdrew his cock from my mouth to allow
me to say "That would be terrific, Master Bill"

I heard Deborah state her assent and I realized we had just signed up for
another session of hell.  Rather I had signed up Deborah for another hour with
her melons being squeezed to where they were purple sausages.  I was sucking
hard when Bill said, "Deep throat time".  He grabbed my head and pushed his cock
right down my throat.  I tried to jerk away and I gagged; but Bill had me firmly
in his grip.  He gave my throat a couple of strokes and then released a load of
cum.  He pulled out and I grasped for air as his jism slide down my throat. 
About that time, I felt my doggie partner pick up the pace and soon he packed by
butt with dog cum.

"Ah that was good.  Nick does have a talented mouth.  How's Deborah doing?" Bill
asked his wife.

"Wonderful, she reminds me of Penelope Sims who loves to eat pussy.

Their techniques are very similar.  Poor Penelope, I've heard she even goes down
on her daughter who's just left for college." Said Lois.

"Now dear, let's not gossip about our friends and neighbors.  Nick and Deborah
will get a bad impression of us." Said Bill.

"Well, in the case of Penelope and Rachel, that's her daughter, I have to
confirm its true.  Poor Rachel told me that Penelope wanted her to being her
dorm mate home from Smith so Penelope could seduce the poor girl.  Rachel told
me she was not her mother's pimp." Said Stella.

"That's enough ladies.  Nick and Deborah do not want to hear about the
peccadilloes of our set out here in the Hamptons." Said Ben

I had been taking a breather laying their feeling dog cum leak out my asshole
with the taste of Bill's man cum in my mouth.  Deb was busily lapping Lois's
Stedman's pussy.  I saw Lois grab Deb's head press it into her cunt and let out
a "Wow, my God she is a treasure.  Her tongue has me right to the edge"

Lois rocked back and forth and then let out a deep, prolonged moan and began to
jerk her hips toward Deb's mouth.  "Yes, oh yes, you little cunt lapping whore. 
Eat my pussy." Whispered Lois as she expelled a long breath.

"We are just going to have to get Deborah and Penelope together for a weekend of
muff diving.  I will invite the Parker twins and of course, Whitney for an all
girl party.  Would you come, Deborah?  We could do it at our place in town on
Park.  Just girls eating other girls for an entire weekend" asked Lois

"Yes, I would attend," said my wife thrilled down to her toes to be associated
with people from the Hamptons even if it was only to eat their pussies.

"What's next on the program?" Bill asked Ben.

"Whips, tawses, paddles, etc.  Let's get Nick and Deborah off the benches and
vertical so we can all work on them front and back." Said Ben

They unfastened the manacles and helped us to your feet.  We were given a bottle
of water to drink.  Ben and Bill took me while Lois and Stella took Deborah over
to a place in the room that was underneath a horizontal bar that could be
lowered from the ceiling.  I considered resisting but each of the men were
bigger than me and the two of them would have had no trouble subduing me.  There
was also the matter of the cattle prod hanging from Ben's waist.  After a small
amount of time I was secured standing up with my hands fully extended over my
head.  My feet were manacled to the floor.  I faced Deborah who was secured in
the same fashion.  My hands were manacled to a horizontal steel bar that could
be raised or lowered with a powered winch.  I was stretched to where I was
hanging from my arms then lowered a couple of inches so my feet barely rested on
the floor.  My ankles were manacled to the floor so I had only a tiny bit of leg
movement.

"This is new.  I don't think this was here the last time." Said Lois

"Correct, Lois.  We saw one of these the last we were in Rome.  Antoine had one
in his place outside Rome.  It allows the slave to be whipped front and back at
the same time.  Where with the St.  Andrews, it is either one side or the
other." Said Ben.

"Let's start with Bill and Stella on Nick and Lois and I will do Deborah. Choose
your weapons, everyone." Said Ben.

They busied themselves picking out a whip or paddle.  I said a silent prayer
that Long Island would experience its first earthquake and I would be spared. 
Deborah looked excited.  She did look hot hanging there with her big tits and a
face smeared with pussy juice.  I had dog cum leaking out my ass down my leg.  I
guess it was an erotic sight.  I started to get a hard on looking at Deb.

"Let's begin by working each slave individually.  You two watch while we make
Nick scream.  Then we will give him a breather and we can watch you work on
Deborah." Said Ben

Well I had lucked out and was going to go first.  Ben has selected a short
multi-strand whip he informed me was a modern cat-of-nine-tails whip.  The
modern part was that the strands were made of heavy monofilament fibers not
leather.  The reason for this Ben informed me was that it hurts more but damages
less.

"You go first Lois," said Ben and almost at that instant I felt a large leather
paddle come in violent contact with my ass.  My rear end went to full on fire in
a nanosecond and I let out a high-pitched scream.

"Good start" said Bill to encourage his wife Lois.  Bill's hand was busy between
Deborah's legs.

My scream had just started to die out when Ben used the cat to light up my
chest.  Several strands impacted directly on my nipples.  It was as if the cat
reached down inside me and pulled the scream out of my deepest being.  I was
never spanked or paddled as a child.  My parents did not believe in corporal
punishment.  I could honestly say that there were few times other than childhood
scrapes where I had ever been inflicted with pain.  But Ben and Lois made up for
all I had missed in a lifetime in a single afternoon.

They punished me in tandem.  One would strike and just when you felt you could
manage the pain of one blow, the next fell.  Lois's next landed on the back of
my upper thighs.  Ben then followed by whipping the cat across my abdomen and I
wanted to scream but could not focus my breath and let out a large gurgle
instead.  Lois next went further down to just above my knees .My entire backside
from buttocks to knees was on fire.  Then Ben hit my cock with the cat and I
begged God to let me pass out.  I wanted to beg them to stop but all I could
form with my voice was one scream after another.  Ben struck me in the upper
thighs and Lois followed with a blow to my calves.  After that they repeated the
bottom to top sequence three more times.  By the end, I was just babbling.  I
had not known such pain existed.  When they finished, Ben grabbed my cock and
slowly stroked it.  Lois held up a bottle of water and gave me a drink.

I looked over at Deb.  Bill was still fingering her pussy and she was grinding
her hips toward his hand.  God, she had been getting off watching them whip the
shit out of me.  Stella had one of Deb' tits in her mouth and was sucking on a
nipple.  You could tell from her jaw action that Stella was sucking hard.  The
degree of hard that makes it hurt.  When Stella stopped, you could see that
Deb's areola was red and the nipple stuck straight out.  There was blood on
Stella lips from the puncture wounds in Deb's tits.

Well it was Deb's turn.  Ben and Lois knelt down in front of me and started to
give me head.  I suppose the concept was for me to enjoy what was happening to
Deb.  Given that she had gotten me into this I planned to enjoy it a lot. 
Stella stood behind Deb with a leather paddle that was as long as a baseball
bat.  Stella wielded it with two hands to deliver a blow to Deb's rear that hit
with a loud splat.  That resulted in Deb opening her mouth wide and screaming
like a banshee.  God that must hurt but no more than it did when Lois did the
same to me.  My cock was hard as a rock thanks to Ben and Lois's diligent
efforts at cock sucking.  Lois had my balls completely in her mouth while Ben
was sucking up and down on a cock hardened by the prospect of seeing my wife
whipped into unconsciousness.

As Deb's scream from Stella's first smack trailed off, Bill's full arm swing of
the cat landed directly across her tits.  You could tell from the sound and the
way it flattened the breast that Bill had put his full force behind it.  I
thought Deb's first scream was as loud as she could make but she surprised me by
producing a much louder second.  God I wondered if people who did this often
should wear noise protectors like I did at the Manhattan Gun Club.  My cock was
slipping in and out Ben's warm wet mouth; but Lois's lips were wrapped around my
ball sack like a cock ring.  No way I was going to cum.

Stella's next went to the back of Deb's upper thighs.  Stella must spend some
time in the batting cage.  She swung like she was in a home run derby with Mark
McGuire and Sammy Sosa.  She planted her feet, took a few practice swings to
address the place on Deb's body she was aiming for, then wound up and delivered
what appeared to be a out of the park home run on my wife's posterior.  Also,
you could tell when Stella wound up for each blow, she had some very well
developed muscles in her shoulders and arms.  Each time resulted in my wife, who
by the way had signed us up for this little party, screaming in pain.

Bill, on the other hand, employed a technique where his wrist created a last
minute snap in the cat that intensified the sting Deb felt when the blow landed. 
His second blow landed on her flat little tummy that she spent hours at the gym
maintaining.  That caused her to let out a stream of piss that splattered on the
stone floor.

"Excellent, truly excellent" shouted Ben taking his mouth off my cock to
complement Bill on whipping the pee out of my wife.  Under ordinary
circumstances, Deb would have been humiliated to loose control of her bladder in
front of friends but she was beyond caring.  She would have taken a shit too but
the Cameron's had made sure she had no shit to let go of.

As I watched Ben and Lois work on Deb, I was forced to admit that she was having
the worst of it.  Lois, who worked on my ass, was nowhere near as savage with
the long handled leather paddle as Stella.  And Ben was not the artist with the
whip that Bill Stedman was.  Some things had been pretty equal.  I assumed being
dog fucked by Alphonse was pretty much the same as having Gaston's cock in your
ass.  There was also that mean looking spiked dildo used on Deb where all I got
was a cock up my ass.  And for that matter, the tit press with the tacks was
worse than what they did to my balls.  I did not wind up with tack punctures in
my nuts and my blood dripping on the floor.

When I thought back of all that we had experienced and not to say that what was
done to me was not painful enough, I had to conclude that Deb had the worst of
it.  Well, it served her right.  I had once read that women in general have a
higher tolerance for pain than men.  Maybe, the Cameron's were acting on that
premise.  Well, no matter, I had no objections to them torturing the shit out of
my wife while I went outside and played Frisbees with Alphonse and Gaston.  But
I was not to be that lucky.

Bill and Stella worked Deb over to where she could not scream more.

They would strike and she could only moan.  Her body was covered with marks. I
could not see her rear but her front was marked from the top of her breasts to
her knees.  Bill had managed to land several blows on her clitoris and labial
lips so they were inflamed and swollen.  In fact, her clit, and Deb had a big
one, was sticking out like a little cock.  It was bright red.  There was blood
dripping from her breasts and there was a particularly nasty slash across her
upper abdomen.

Stella grabbed a spray bottle and started to apply it liberally over Deb's
abrasions.  I must say that brought Deb around.  It was hydrogen peroxide.  I
can only imagine how it felt when it came in contact with her numerous cuts. 
Deb commenced to scream again.

"Now, dear, we would not want you to get infected." Said Stella as Deb sort of
danced around trying to deal with the pain.  Well, they had promised they would
be concerned about hygiene and safety.

My two-person blowjob ceased which was disappointing because it felt terrific. 
I had at least hoped that this phase of our "education" was completed but I was
wrong.  The four of them returned to the whip assortment to make a new
selection.  I heard a whirring sound and realized that someone was trying out a
whip slicing it through the air.

Ben appeared in front of me with a mean looking ridding crop.  I had no idea
what Lois had behind me but I was about to find out.  I looked over at Deb and
saw that Stella was down on her knees licking between Deb's legs.  Bill had
apparently loosened Deb's restraints because she was slightly leaned forward and
he was working his cock into her cunt.  Deb's eyes looked glazed and there was
drool coming out of the corner of her mouth.

"Watch your husband, Deborah.  Watch Ben and Lois whip Nick.  Enjoy his screams
and the way he begs them to stop.  Take pleasure from his pain.  Allow every
stroke of the whip to increase your pleasure." Said Bill as he was stroking his
cock into my wife's pussy.  His hands were grabbing and squeezing her tits. 
Stella was licking and sucking her cunt.  I had to admit in spite of what was
facing me I was turned on and hard as an anvil.  Deb looked as if she had been
hypnotized.  Her eyes stared directly at me, but without a hint of recognition.

In the next instant, my back exploded in pain.  Lois had selected some sort of
thin flexible whip.  It felt like someone had hit my back full force with an old
style car antenna.  I hope Deb was enjoying my screams because I screamed as
loud as I could.  My throat was getting raw.  Instead of an immediate frontal
blow, there was a lull that I took advantage of by begging.

"Please, don't hit me anymore.  Master Ben and Mistress Lois.  I can't take
this.  The pain is too much.  I'll do anything.  You're hitting me too hard" I
pleaded.  There were tears in my eyes and I found myself crying.

"Hear him beg.  Does that give you pleasure?" I heard Bill speak into Deb's ear
as he was pounding her cunt and pinching a nipple.

"Yes, God, yes.  I want to hear him beg and plead for mercy.  Whip him till he
is out of his mind with pain" Said Deb.

Before I could quite internalize that my life partner had just asked for me to
be whipped into delirium, Ben brought the riding crop down on my erect cock. 
You know your first reaction to pain is to want to grab the place where the pain
is.  I wanted to grab my cock and roll up in a little ball on the floor and
scream and cry; but my arms are manacled straight toward the ceiling and my feet
can move maybe three inches at most.  Mother of God let me grab my poor dick and
keep it from being hit by the crop again.  I screamed, "I can't take this. 
Don't, for the love of God, please don't hit me again."

There were tears in my eyes.  My cock was on fire; but damn, it was still hard. 
Lois delivered the second stroke of that thin switch-like whip she was using on
my butt.  I jumped away as far as the restraints would allow.  I begged some
more.  I felt light headed and hoped I would pass out; but Ben did a full arm
swing that caught just the tip of my hard pecker.  I jumped up and down and
screamed for them to stop.

"You're begging for the wrong thing.  If you learn to love the pain, then you
will come to see it as a friend.  You must understand that to a submissive, pain
is a form of pleasure.  Nick, look at your cock, It's hard because the pain
proves how alive it is.  Your cock wants that pain." Said Ben

Well, I had an epiphany.  Ben was right.  I needed to embrace this cruel torture
and then I would be all right.  My cock understood even if my brain did not.  It
was erect and hard, full of blood waiting for the next blow.  Which came when
Lois sent that cane right into the crack of my ass.  It went perfectly between
my checks to land on my butt hole but the tip smacked into my balls.  A man's
gonads are always sensitive and mine had been sensitized even more than normal
by the last several hours of torture.  But in spite of the feeling that my nut
sack had been split apart, I screamed, "I understand now.  Please whip my cock."
And Ben responded with a vicious blow to my erect penis.

"Yes, oh yes, whip it, whip it harder" I screamed.

Lois responded by caning my legs, which set me to dancing in my chains.

It continued that way for God knows how long.  They whipped me and I begged them
to strike harder.  Then all of a sudden Ben stopped.  He knelt down and took me
in his mouth.  Lois doubled her pace and was whipping furiously at my back.  In
one plane I was barely conscious but in a certain plane, my back and cock were
connected.  Each blow to my rear sent a jolt of pleasure directly to my cock
that was nestled safe and warm in Ben's wet, sucking mouth.  Finally, I felt an
undeniable pressure in my balls that signaled a load of cum had been tortured
from me.  I gave in and let it spew forth into Ben's mouth.  He signaled Lois to
stop and sucked powerfully as each spurt flowed into his mouth.  I would have to
say it was the most powerful orgasm I had ever experienced.  I had nothing left.

When I looked up, I saw that everyone was smiling.  I guess I had just reached
an orgasm while being whipped.  Later, I would find out that was considered
remarkable in a new and inexperienced submissive.  Everyone except Deb was
looking very pleased.  She looked disappointed that they were not still whipping
me to oblivion.  They removed the manacles and Bill brought me a straight chair
to sit in while I drank a bottle of Evian.  When I sat down, I realized how
tender my ass was.

"That was truly excellent, Nick, something not often seen.  Ben and Stella, I
want to thank you for inviting us over to participate" said Bill who then shook
my hand.  My God, you would have thought I had just made the winning point in
one of their polo matches.

Bill and Stella got busy with Deb.  They put a leather contraption around her
waist that looked like a narrow belt.  But it was connected to two smaller belts
that they bucked around her upper thighs.  Effectively, the purpose of the waist
belt was to hold in place the thigh belts, keeping them from slipping down her
legs.  Next they attached these little elastic pieces that ended in a clamp to
the thigh belts.  When I realized the purpose of this, I was impressed.  They
elastic pieces were adjustable and when the clamps were attached to Deb's pussy
lips, they held them wide apart.  There was Deb's clitoris and fuck hole
completely exposed.  There was the little man in the boat directly above her
cunt opening.  It was stuck out all red and proud, exposed for a solid blow with
the ridding crop that Bill was flexing.  When you think about it, it was sort of
ingenious the way it opened her up.  After what she had wished on me, I could
only hope they whipped her female parts till they were raw and bleeding.  I
guess I was not in a forgiving mood.

Stella started with a full windup blow with a narrow cane to Deb's rear.

The cane made a whistling sound as it came through the air to land with a loud
smack on Deb's butt.  Deb more screeched than screamed.  You could tell she was
in enormous pain.  Her body shook and twisted in the chains as she started to
beg them to stop.

"I've had enough.  I can't take anymore.  I'll do anything but please, please,
don't whip me again." Said Deb.

Bill punctuated her pleadings with a hard blow that slammed into her twat with
enough force to practically lift her off the ground.  I can imagine what the
little man in the boat thought when the crop landed.  Her clitoris stood out
further and was redder than I had ever seen before.  In spite of the fact that I
had just dumped a very full load in Ben's mouth, that I was getting aroused
again.  My she looked hot, covered in whip marks, fiery red cunt tortured with
pain, and a look in her eyes of pure excruciating agony.  Ben and Stella whipped
on but Deb had lost her voice and just whimpered loudly every time a blow
landed.  I stifled the urge to grab another whip off the wall and join in.  Bill
landed a couple of blows to her upper inner thighs and that restarted her
screaming.

I guess it would be a fair question why a husband would enjoy his wife's pain. 
I'm not sure I know the answer.  The afternoon had been a period of
self-discovery as far as I was concerned.  I had learned that drinking piss was
easier than eating shit, enemas could hurt like hell if you were forced to hold
them for a period of time, that being restrained and tortured was very painful,
that having sex with a dog was tolerable, and that sucking cock and being fucked
in the ass with one was terrific.  I also learned there was a relationship
between pain and pleasure but it took a certain amount of expertise to reach
that point.

Looking over at Deb, I am not quite sure what she had learned other than eating
shit turned her on.  She seemed totally blanked out.  Her head was down and she
let out a loud whimper each time, the whip landed.  I relaxed, drank my water,
and let my cock get hard as they worked Deb over.  After a few minutes they
stopped and let Deb sort of hang there, completely exhausted from the pain.  Ben
came over and put his hand on my shoulder.

"Nick, want to join Bill and I in fucking Deb?  Has she ever had cock in all
three holes at once?" asked Ben

"I would love to.  I don't think she has ever had two men at once, let along
three." I replied.

Stella placed a large mat on the floor as Lois removed Deb from her chains.  The
mat reminded me of something you would find in a high school gym.  It was maybe
2 meters wide and three meters wide and about 2 inches thick.  Lois helped her
over to the mat and Deb sat down on it drinking a bottle of Evian water. 
Everyone needed a break so we all just sat quietly for a few minutes.

"Deborah, Bill and I are going to screw you and we have asked Nick to join us. 
After we're done, Lois and Stella will play with you for a while.

I must say you performed terrifically under the whip and just watching you,

I'm hard as rock, as I'm sure Bill and Nick are." Said Ben

Deb looked up from her position on the floor and said, "That would be terrific,
Master.  I want the three of you to fuck me as hard and long as you want."

It was good to hear that Deb still had game.  I had thought she was finished;
but she brightened up considerably at the prospect of a good old fashion
fucking.  I was not sure she comprehended that we intended to use all her holes
at once.  I also wondered how her sore cunt would react when a dick slammed into
it.  I wondered if the playtime with Lois and Stella would be limited to muff
diving or the two mistresses would be going in for something more exotic.

"Nick, go over and lie on the mat and let Deb mount your cock." Said Ben.

I got up from my chair and gingerly trotted over and lay down on my back beside
Deb.  I was hard but I gave it a couple of strokes to make sure.  Deb leaned
over and licked the tip then sucked me for maybe a minute to bring me to my
maximum.  She swung her leg over me as she got on top and grabbed my cock in one
hand and slipped it inside her pussy.  She gave out a "yowl" as she realized how
sore she was.  But the lady was wet and I slid right inside that hot pussy.  She
looked a little pained as she moved up and down on me.  I thought about that
mean looking spiked dildo that Stella had rammed in her cunt and I was surprised
she could handle my meat inside what must have been a badly scraped up love
tunnel.  But I had to face it.  My Deb was a player.  A few minutes ago, I would
have said she was done for the day but five minutes rest and a drink of water
and she's ready for triple penetration.

I looked up to see Bill feeding her his cock.  She was licking his cock head
like a five year old with an ice cream cone.  I felt movement between my legs
and that was Ben preparing Deb's ass hole with some lubricant.  He had a tube of
jell in one hand and he was using his fingers to work it into her asshole

"Deb, Ben tells me you are a piss slut.  I'm going to slowly empty my bladder
into your mouth and I want you to swallow every drop." Said Bill to Deb as she
sucked away.

"Please give me your piss, Master Bill," said Deb.

Given that my face was directly below Bill's cock and Deb's mouth, I hoped she
could handle it.

"Here it comes," said Bill who must have started to pee because I could see
Deb's throat begin swallowing.  After a few seconds, I smelled pee.  This went
on for quite a while as Bill emptied his bladder into my wife's mouth.

"I'm almost done.  Share the last mouthful with Nick," said Bill

I was beyond caring at this point.  Deb dutifully leaned down and pressed her
lips against mine and let a half mouthful of urine trickle into my oral cavity. 
I am not sure that pee will ever be a major turn on for me but it was hot taking
another man's out of my wife's mouth.  I swallowed my share and Deb's and I
tongue kissed with the strong taste of piss in my mouth.

Deb grunted as Ben slid his cock in her ass.  We were all three inside Deb so we
started to fuck her in earnest.  Ben started spanking her ass checks as he
stroked inside her.  I was surprised the degree to which I could feel with my
cock his cock moving in and out her bowels.  Each time he moved.  I could feel
his dick traveling inside her.

Right above my face, Bill was getting sucked.  His balls were only inches above
my nose.  Bill pulled out of Deb's mouth a couple of times and plunged his cock
into my mouth.  Lois and Stella were watching us from a few feet away.  Deb
loved the three ways.  My wife was literally in sex heaven.  Three big cocks
were inside her body working back and forth.  She was moaning and every once in
a while, she took Bill's cock out of her mouth to say something like "Oh God, I
love this.  Its feels so good having all these cocks inside my body." I had
always known Deb liked sex more than most.  Now I understood just how far she
could go to get what she wanted.

"This is a tight ass.  I'm going to shoot my load." Said Ben

"I'm ready too" announced Bill which galvanized me to unload my sperm in Deb.

"Deborah, share with Nick," said Bill.  Once again Deb leaned down and filled my
mouth with cum from her lips.  I swallowed Bill's jism as Deb rolled off me on
to her back.  I wondered if we had completed our S&M education.

"Only one more thing." Said Ben who must have been reading my mind.

"Stella and Lois are going to play with Deborah." Said Ben

The two wives walked over to Deb each carrying a can of a white solid.

They were wearing rubber gloves.  Lois reached into her can and pulled out a
handful of the white goop that looked to be the consistency of axle grease.  I
had caught a whiff of the can's content as the wives walked past and it took me
a moment to recognize the smell.  It was Crisco or something like Crisco because
the cans did not have any markings.  I recalled the term 'hydrogenated fat'.  I
could only suppose they intended to use it as lubricant.

Lois started to work the handful of white goop into Deb's pussy opening.

Lois quickly began on a second handful and she quickly had four fingers inside
Deb's twat.  Now Deb has a tight pussy although the day's activity had probably
loosened it up quite a bit but I was starting to get impressed with how far Lois
had gotten in such a short time.  All of a sudden, the light dawned in my
pain-weakened brain and I realized Lois planned to fist fuck Deborah.

Lois was on her third or fourth handful of cooking fat when I saw her entire
hand disappear in Deb's opening.  Deb had begun to moan.  Stella reached a hand
in to stroke Deb's clitoris that was covered in the goop.  Lois pulled her hand
out, made a fist and then forced it inside my wife stretched out cunt.  Lois
kept repeating the process until her fist was sliding though the opening without
too hard a push.  Then Lois began to go deeper inside my wife.  I had once seen
a woman fist fucked in a porn movie; but it is quite another thing to see your
wife spread wide, her cunt and thighs slick with kitchen fat and a fist sliding
home all the way to the wrist.

"I'm going in all the way to her cervix." Said Lois who proceeded to slide her
arm inside Deborah all the way to her forearm.

"Deborah, can you feel my wiggling my fingers inside you?" asked Lois.

"Yes, Mistress, it feels so strange." Responded Deb.  Her eyes were closed and
she was moaning in between short breaths.

"There's the opening to your uterus.  Can you feel that?" asked Lois.

"Yes, Mistress, you are so deep inside me." Said Deb

Lois and Stella traded places.  Lois sat down where her cunt was directly at the
top of Deb's head and reached forward and took Deb's feet that were handed to
her by Stella and pulled them toward her to where Deb was bent double.  I
thought to myself now they have access to both Deb's holes.  Stella slipped one
hand inside Deb's pussy and left it there.  One handedly she took more kitchens
fat and using her fingers, worked it into Deb's asshole.  I was enthralled with
this.  My cock had gotten hard again.  That was surprising given the number of
times I had reached orgasm and the pain it had endured.  But unless you had ever
seen two dominas working their fists into your wife's fuck holes, you don't know
what a hot scene is.

I was so enthralled I was startled when I looked up and there were Bill and Ben
each with a can of fat and latex gloved hands gesturing for me to roll over on
my back and lift my legs.  I heard Deb let out a sharp breath.

"I can feel both your hands inside me." Said Deb.

I looked over to see that Stella had both her arms inside Deb, practically to
her elbows.  Bill held my legs in the air as Ben began to finger large globs of
white grease into my ass.  I know that fisting is something gay guys do.  I once
saw a photo exhibit at a museum by a famous photographer that included several
black and white photos of men being fisted.

"Three fingers" Ben announced.  I felt myself being pushed open and more grease
applied.

"Four fingers, Nick, but you are going to take my entire fist," said Ben.

"Oh my God, I feel so tight." I heard Deb say.  I twisted my head to see that
Stella and Lois each had a hand inside Deb's pussy.  Only Stella's fist was in
Deb's ass but Lois was starting to push a finger in beside Stella's wrist.  I
let out a moan as Ben's hand went inside my ass.  Ben began to stroke in and out
my ass going a little deeper each time.  Someone took my cock in his mouth and I
looked down to see Bill giving me head.  Wow, maybe next week, I could casually
mention at work that I had met Bill Stedman and one of my rivals for partner
would say in a voice dripping with envy "What was the occasion?" And I could
reply, "He was sucking my dick and fist fucking my ass." Nope, Don't think I
would do that but it's funny thinking about it.

I did a visual check on Deborah and she had two fists in her cunt and a fist and
several fingers inside her ass.  I turned back around as Ben got serious and
slowly slid his arm inside my bowels.

"How do you like being fist fucked?" asked Ben

"It's wonderful and I love what Master Bill is doing with my cock." I replied.

"Bill gives a great blowjob.  Here, can you feel me tickle your prostrate?"
asked Ben

"Yes, yes, that's very different." I replied.  My cock was getting hard again
due to Bill's cock sucking and Ben's handling of my prostate.

"She's going to pop again." I heard Stella say referring to Deb's impending
orgasm.  Deb started chanting "oh yea" over and over again, getting louder each
time.  Stella was slamming her arms into Deb's opening in a blur.  Lois had
taken Deb's clitoris in her mouth and was sucking it like it was a mini-cock. 
Deb went into a climax that continued for a good two minutes.  At the end, both
Stella arms were inside her body.  I think Deb passed out because she just
collapsed to the ground like someone letting the air out of a balloon.

Ben penetrated me practically to his elbow.  I had a man's arm inside me. That
was certainly an unanticipated first for me.  If I had been asked this morning
on the way here, if I were going to be fist fucked I would have looked at the
questioner like he was crazy.  But here I was, ass packed with Crisco, cock
being sucked and an arm up further inside me that I would have thought possible. 
I just let go and climaxed in Bill Stedman's hungry mouth.  He swallowed my jism
as it spurted.  When I had finished my load, he kissed me and I tasted my own
cum in his mouth.  Wow, it had been a mind-blowing experience.  No one had to
say anything but you could tell it was over.

"Time to shower off and call it quits for today" Ben announced.

Everyone got to their feet and went back to the room where we had been given
enemas.  There were half a dozen showerheads and they were not designed by a
group of environmentalists attempting to preserve the nation's water supply. 
Everyone relaxed as we all took a long hot shower.  The shower scene reminded me
of a sports locker room if your sport was S&M.  I soaped up Lois and played with
her tits while Stella washed my cock.  Ben and Bill washed Deb.  Stella stuck a
nozzle up my ass to wash out some of the grease.  I looked over to see Ben
squirting a stream of warm water into Deb's snatch.  Regardless, I had a feeling
my ass would be leaking Crisco for a week.  The warm water and steam created a
sensual atmosphere that would have generated more sex if everyone were not
fucked out.

When we got back upstairs, it was about to get dark.  I looked at my watch and
calculated we had been in their dungeon for almost six hours.  I was sore as
hell but completely relaxed.  The cook had prepared an evening meal that the
Cameron's could just warm up and serve.  Deb went with the Lois and Stella to
bring dinner to the table while I sat on the terrace with Bill and Ben watching
the sun set.  I was drinking a glass of Ben's very fine single malt Scotch.

"Well, Nick, we covered a lot of ground today but there's still much to S&M that
remain to be experienced." Said Ben.

"Really, we seemed to do a lot.  What's left?" I asked

"Many things, torture by electricity, tickling, asphyxiation, to name only a
few." Said Ben

"And of course, there are the fetishes such as rubber.  Did you wrap them, Ben?"
asked Bill

"No, I did not.  I never got off on that one myself.  Besides, I never
replenished my supply of wrap after our last party," Said Ben

"Wrapping, what's that?" I asked

"Normally, you take the sub and wrap them in clear plastic wrap to where any
type of movement is impossible.  You wrap them like an Egyptian mummy.

There are subs who love to be wrapped tight and left for hours." Ben said

"Does not sound very exciting." I said

"It's not unless you're into it, By the way, you're a lucky man.  Deborah is a
Class A S&M slut.  I think you could train her to do almost anything." Said Ben

"Your average Manhattan girl isn't keen on eating shit and drinking piss. You
got a real treasure in that girl.  Lois says she eats pussy better than anyone
she ever met.  And Lois ought to know, she is one of four sisters," Bill said

"Deb is amazing.  She can do anything with that mouth of hers.  I first went out
with her because my buddy, who had been dating Deb, said she gave the best head
he had ever experienced.  I had to find out for myself." I replied.

"Your buddy made a mistake in letting her get away." Said Bill

"Well, we're having an S&M party in three weeks and we want the two of you to
come for the weekend.  There will be about 10 other couples.  Bill and Lois will
be co-hosting.  Can we count on you?" asked Ben

"I sure we can make it.  I'll look forward to it." I replied thinking about ten
more women I could possibly stick my cock in.  Hell, I was bi-sexual now and
there would be husbands that I could play with.  Cock and pussy would be
everywhere.  This was turning out far better than I expected.

"Nick, I don't think you are a submissive like Deborah.  I'm going to give you
the name of a tailor in Manhattan that can fit you up in some leathers.  You
should come to the party as a dominant Master.  I'll select two subs, maybe Beth
Parker and Ellen Griswold, and I'll show you how to put them through their
paces.  Beth is a like Deb, a real pain slut that you can whip to orgasm." Ben
said

"I'll entertain Deborah while you're downstairs with Beth and Ellen.  Since
she's a new, we'll set her up for a gangbang.  Do you think she would object?"
asked Bill

"I think she would love it." I replied

"Okay, let's plan on it," Said Ben

I'll leave the happenings of the party for another story.  Being associated with
Bill Stedman resulted in my making partner that year.  He's seen that I get
credit for a lot of new legal business with Stedman controlled properties.

Bill has a certain gay side so he and I get together at an apartment he keeps
near Central Park.  I've been there when there were ten studs walking around
with hard cocks, just begging to fill holes.

Since that weekend at the Cameron's, I've had sex with what seems like half the
population of the Hamptons.  Ben called it right I am a dominant.  I love to
take one of the ladies down to Ben or Bill's dungeons, tie them up and whip them
till they beg me to stop.  That's a real power trip.

Deb's talent for muff diving results in frequent invitations to the Cameron's
condo over on Park for what they refer to as "all girl weekends".  Deb says they
go through several large cans of Crisco.  She showed me one of the strap on
dildos they use.  Size definitely counts in that crowd.

Deb's horrible gross talent for eating shit got us introduced to Ted and Pinkie. 
I overcame my reluctance to scat when Ted turned out to be CEO of a Fortune 100
multi-national corporation.  I've taken a dump in Ted' mouth, and for that
matter, Pinkie's too and of course, they've reciprocated.  I've also gotten
several million dollars of his company's legal business, enough to compensate
for swallowing his turds.  Deb has turned out to be the darling of the scat
crowd.  She says its best when it's hot and coming right out of the asshole.  I
must admit you can attach a certain swagger if you are capable of dining on
excrement.  It separates you from the masses.

Thanks to BDSM in all its many forms, our careers are on the fast track.

I was just informed I would be made a senior partner at the end of the quarter. 
Deb is now a full-fledged editor for fiction and handling several best sellers.

Funny, what can get you ahead in these times.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





