BDSM Library - Innocence Is Not An Excuse




Innocence Is Not An Excuse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Masochist grows up with Sadistic mother only to discover girl of his dreams shares his mothers desires to punish him.
Innocence Is No Excuse
By
Marion

I have enjoyed masochistic and submissive fantasies for as long as I can
remember. I think many of these fantasies stem from my relationship with my
mother. Looking back I believe she used me to release the sexual frustrations
she experienced, having been abandoned by my father.

When I was a "bad boy" she would administer a variety of punishments that
inflicted severe pain and humiliation upon me. She blamed me for their marriage
and for dad leaving.

 I must admit, as the years past,  I would endeavor at times to provoke her so
that she would punish me. Although I was frightened and it often times hurt more
than I thought I could ever endure, I enjoyed having her control me, be in
charge and administer punishment. Mom was a large woman who had a commanding
presence and when she entered a room nobody gave her any shit. Intimidating is
an understatement when it comes to my mother.

 One of the most excruciatingly painful and humiliating punishments she
administered, was when she would spank my testicles with a metal edged 18 inch
ruler! I would be instructed to lie on my back over her knees and place my hands
under my butt on her knees.  As I grew older, she would bind my wrists together
behind my head and then tie them to my neck so I could not interfere with her
during my punishment. She would also tie a string to the head of my penis and
put the other end around my neck, so my penis was pulled up severely and pointed
towards my chest, fully exposing my testicles. She would then administer several
strokes of the ruler until she was satisfied that my tears and screams were real
and that I was truly sorry for what I had done!

Mom also gave me enormous enemas and made me hold the liquid inside until I
cried and begged to be allowed to go to the bathroom. She would have me stand in
front of a mirror and show me that my belly was swollen and that I was pregnant
with shitty babies. Often times, rather than relieve myself in the toilet, she
would have to stand in the bathtub, bend over, and from between my legs, watch
the shit pour from my rectum, as she spanked me and told me that my shit was my
baby and that she was letting me do what she should have done with me; dump my
baby in the sewer!

She would rub my nose in my under wear if I left a stain from poop or pee, then
she would pinch my nipples and testicles until I screamed loud enough for her to
insure I was truly punished and promised to never do it again. 

She also liked to wrap rubber bands around my penis and testicles, so that it
hurt and looked really funny, then she would make me pee without touching it.
This would provoke a lot of laughter from her, especially when it squirted in
different directions.

Another thing she loved to do, until the doctor made her stop, was to push my
testicles up inside my lower abdomen. She would do this when she wanted me to
look like a little girl. She would push my penis back between my legs and have
me squeeze my legs together as I stood in front of a mirror. She would tell me
how pretty I would have been if I had been a little girl and tell me to admit
that I should have been a pretty girl instead of a rotten boy! Caressing my bald
crotch, with my penis pushed back between my legs, she would kiss my cheek and
tell me how pretty I was without that ugly thing between my legs. 

She always told her friends that I was so pretty I should have been a little
girl. Sometimes she even put makeup on my face and made me tell the reflection
in the mirror how pretty she was. Then I would have to kiss my cold reflection
and tell her I wish I were as pretty as the girl in the mirror.

Mom also liked to lecture me as well as tell her friends that I would probably
grow up to be a homosexual. She said I was so pretty it would be hard for the
boys and grown men not to want to do really dirty things to me. Early on I had
no idea what a homo was until she told me how they stick their penis up little
boys butts and how they stick their penis in boys mouths and their penis' get
real hard until they squirt an ugly milky substance into another boys rectum or
mouth. It was the same really stinky shit that was like millions of little worms
that made girls pregnant! I was scared to death of somebody squirting worms into
me!

Mom would also lecture me at great length about the evils of loose girls and
women and that they carried really bad diseases. She warned me that my penis
would fall off and that really bad bugs would enter my penis and infect my
entire body and that I would die! I don't think she was aware of anything like
AIDS in those days, but rather just wanted to put the fear of God into me.  She
said that girls who wanted to sleep with boys were dirty whores and that I
should avoid them and if I did have sex with them they would get pregnant and
have a baby and he or she would be a bastard, the worst kind of baby!

An avowed Christian fundamentalist, when I was fifteen mom let me go to Church
summer camp. That's where I met Sonja and when my real journey into hell began.

 One night during our campfire gospel meetings the pastor told us about the
dangers and evils of sex before we were married.  It confirmed much of what mom
had told me. After the meeting I met and talked to a girl leaving the camp fire
at the same time as me. Her name was Sonja. She said she loved Jesus and would
never have sex before marriage. She said her parents told her sex was solely for
married people when they are making babies and she should never have sex just
for fun! Sex for fun was dirty and only really dirty, low class people did that.
She said she hated boys who teased her because of her large breasts and
attempted to fondle her at school. She was a big girl and she did have pretty
breasts.  She was also very tall for her age and stood a couple inches taller
than me.

As we talked I knew this was the kind of girl my mother would approve of. I
confessed to Sonja that mom had taught me virtually the same thing and that I
would never attempt to take advantage of a girl or imposing myself upon her. She
seemed pleased and we struck up a friendship.

We saw quite a bit of each other during the ensuing days. I had seen her at
church and school, but we had never met or talked before camp. She told me she
wanted to marry someone like her dad. He cleaned the house, did the dishes,
cooked many meals and treated her mother like a queen.  She said she wanted to
be treated like a queen by her husband. I thought how easy that would be.

At night I would lay in my bunk and dream about Sonja. I couldn't think about
how I would treat her as a queen if she would go out with me. I thought about
her large breasts and how exciting it was to look up at her since she was taller
than me. I had seen mom naked on many occasions, since she liked to punish me
while she was naked. I also dreamed of what it would be like to peak up Sonja's
skirt and see what she looked like. I couldn't help but get an erection thinking
about her. She was so perfect, so pure, so pretty and so strong.

The last night of the camp we went for our usual walk along the bank of the
lake. I told her I would like to see her after we got back home and that I would
love to have her meet mom. She said she would like that. Then I asked her if I
might have a kiss goodbye before we left camp. I could not imagine her reaction.
I didn't see her hand but my body crumbled as her hand collided with my face! I
fell backwards unto the rocky shoreline. Looking up at her she looked so
powerful and so outraged. She spit on me and screamed; "You're just like all
those other snotty boys! You, you pervert"

"No! No, I'm sorry, I just thought....."

Her foot came crashing into my groin causing me to double over in pain without
finishing my thought.

"You thought you could kiss me, then touch me and then rape me, just like all
those other boys! You're a pig! God will punish you! I'm going to tell the
pastor and my mother, you'll see!"

My testicles were racked with pain and a sickness filled my stomach. All I could
do was lie there and groan in agony.  She ran off into the woods. 

After a few moments I got up and wondered what she had done to my penis and
testicles. I unzipped my fly and pulled out my penis. To my utter surprise I had
an erection! My testicles were sore, but every thing seemed to be okay. Studying
my erection I began to stroke myself in the moonlight thinking of how pretty she
was. It hurt but it was so exciting! She had hit me, spit on me and kicked me in
the balls and the only reaction I had was to get aroused!  Within moments my
cock spit cum onto the rocky shore. I had cum before, but I couldn't help
thinking of those dirty worms on the rocks and how they could make a girl like
Sonja pregnant.  I zipped up my pants and walked back to my cabin wishing I had
not offended Sonja, but in some ways, wow! I was glad that I had!

As we departed the next morning we got on the same bus. I sat in the back so I
could watch her laugh and joke with her friends. She didn't show any indication
of what had happened the previous night.  Before the bus left I walked down to
her seat and tried to tell her how sorry I was. She looked at me with the
coldest, angriest look I had ever seen on a person. Through gritted teeth she
whispered: "If you say one more word or even look at me on the way back I am
going to tell everyone you tried to rape me!"

I hung my head and went back to my seat. The ride home was the longest and
loneliest of my life.

I saw her at church and school, but we never spoke.  For weeks she was all I
could think of.  I have no idea how many times I masturbated thinking about her
actually kicking me in the testicles and spitting on me!  I had truly been at
her mercy and the prospect of seeing her that angry again excited me. I
masturbated so much my penis was raw!

Finally, one Sunday, my mother and hers bumped into each other following church
service.  I told mom that Sonja was the girl I had met at camp. She was pleased
and while they chatted Sonja and I attempted to keep our eyes from making
contact. Mom invited her mother, Agatha, and Sonja over to the house for coffee
and fresh pie. Much to my chagrin, as well as Sonja's, she accepted.

The walk home was silent and uncomfortable. I still did not dare to speak or to
bring up what had happened at summer camp. We arrived home just moments ahead of
them. I was a nervous wreck.

Sonja and I sat silent as her mother and mine chatted about kids today and about
the irony of their children meeting at church camp.  It got a little sickening
the way they were building us up as though we were saints.  It apparently really
got to Sonja.  As Agatha was complimenting mom on how proud she must be of me,
Sonja looked at me, cast an evil smile and said flatly, without emotion: "Are
you proud that Kenny tried to rape me while we were at camp?"

Silence filled the room. After a long moment I swallowed and  blurted: "I did
not!"

I didn't see it or expect it, but I did feel the back of my mother's hand when
it smashed into my nose. It hit me so hard my chair tilted back and toppled to
the floor, carrying me with it!

"But I didn't! I didn't! She's lying!"

My protest fell on deaf ears.

My mother got up from her chair and grabbed me by the ear, pulling me to my
feet! "Girls don't lie about things like that! You ungrateful brat! You...
you..."

" I ran off and hid and  he took out his thing and played with himself!" Sonja
interrupted. "He played with himself and then dumped his stuff on the ground!"

"Filthy animal!" Agatha screamed.

"You did what?" my mother screamed.

"He played with his you know what!"  Sonja confirmed.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! But I didn't rape her! I didn't touch her! I just wanted
to kiss her goodbye!"

"Where?" Sonja was yelling back at me. "Where were you going to kiss me? Here?"
She grabbed her breasts. "Or here?" She added placing her hands on her crotch.
"He wanted to rape me! Honest. He was going to rape me!"

Mom grabbed a handful of my hair and pushed me toward the table where Sonja and
her mother stood. She slapped me on the back of the head screaming: "I tried!
God knows, I've tried! I knew your father's sperm was rotten! God forgive me, I
should have gotten an abortion! I tried, I really,  really tried!"

"Well?" Agatha asked of my mother. "What are you going to do?"

Silence befell the kitchen.  Sonja was sneering an evil grin. I could not help
but think of how exciting she looked. Finally mother said;  " What would you
suggest? Call the police? I'll be happy to teach him a lesson! Of course he is
going to get a beating that will put him within an inch of remaining alive, I
guarantee you that!"

Terror filled my body at the thought of going to jail.

"Those men in jail will teach my little pretty boy all about rape! You, you
Bastard!" She added slapping my head again. "That's what I should do, send you
to jail and let those big mean prisoners have their way with you! They'll show
you the terror you put this poor girl through!"

"At the very least he deserves a very good thrashing!" Agatha added.

"I should do it!" Sonja interjected. "I should do it! It was me he attacked! Can
I Mother? Can I? I should be the one to punish him!"

Mom and Agatha looked at each other. They both got rather calm as they shrugged
their shoulders and smiled. "Do you mind?" Agatha asked of my Mom. "I think
she's right. She should be the one to inflict the punishment."

"You'll have to make sure it's very severe if he is to learn his lesson!" Mom
counseled.

"Can you do that?"  Agatha asked her daughter.

Sonja smiled. She looked at me, at her mom and my mom and back to me. "Oh yes!
Yes, he'll know he was punished! But... but, he should be naked, shouldn't he?
That way it will really hurt! Can we make him naked?"

Smiling a wicked smile I had seen a hundred or more times before; "Your daughter
has a wicked mind!" Mom chuckled. "You heard her Kenny, take off your clothes!"

I looked at the women surrounding me.

"Now!" Mother scolded, slapping my face.

Hesitantly I began disrobing. My whole body was shaking. It was so unjust and so
embarrassing. In the solitude of masturbatory fantasy I had dreamed of being
subjected to the punishment of three mean, angry women, but this was reality. It
was not as I expected.  I was really scared. Scared but sexually aroused. The
humiliation of undressing was particularly arousing, especially in front of
Sonja.  I removed my shoes, socks and shirt and I could feel the muscles in my
groin contracting as pre-cum leaked from my piss hole. My hands were shaking as
I undid my belt, the snap and let my trousers fall to the floor in a puddle
around my ankles. 

"Oh my God!" Agatha blurted. "His shorts are all wet! The pervert is all wet!"

"Filthy brat!" My mother added.

"See! I told you he was a pervert! Look! His thing is hard and he's dripping his
ugly seed! He wants to fuck all of us! See!" Sonja joined in.

"Sonja!" Her mother said in shock. "Did you say? Well,  I didn't know you knew
those kinds of words?"

"Yes Mother. I know them and I know what they mean, but I don't use them except
when I see a pervert like this!"

Stroking her daughters long dark hair her mother said: "It's all right darling,
I understand."

"I'm sorry." I mumbled. "I couldn't help it! I'm sorry."  I attempted to cup my
hands over my penis to hide the erection.

"Drop those shorts!" Mother ordered. "Now! You filthy brat! Just like your
fucking father!"

Sticking my hands inside the elastic I pushed the shorts down over my thighs
until they too fell in a puddle at my feet. My hard cock bobbed up and down
flicking droplets of pre-cum on the floor in front of me.

Mom picked up my shorts and slapped my face with them. "Pig! Filthy fucking
PIG!"

"My God!" Agatha kept repeating her reaction to my swollen cock. Her hands were
cupped over her mouth. "He's...he's  enormous!"

"That's what he wanted to put in me mommy!"

"Well, he's all yours now Sonja! Time for retribution!" Mom said, hitting me
again with my soiled shorts.

Sonja swallowed hard as she rose from her chair and crossed over to me. "I don't
want to touch the filthy thing! Ish! It's disgusting!" 

Mom went to the sink and pulled out a pair of rubber gloves she uses to clean
the toilets. "Here." She said, giving the gloves to Sonja.

"Thank you!" Sonja replied. The gloves made a squeaking sound as she pulled them
onto her hands and up her forearms.

"Go ahead Darling! Don't forget, he tried to rape you and he deserves whatever
you do to him!"

"Yes mommy." Looking at me she then asked my mother if she had a switch or a
paddle.

Mom said, "Of course." Opening the door off the kitchen that led to the
basement.  "Just a minute, I'll get you something."  She left.

While she was gone Sonja circled me with a wicked grin crossing her lips. "I'm
going to make you pay Kenny! I'm going to make you pay real good!"

"Sonja, please tell the truth!" I begged her.

Before I finished the sentence her hand slapped me across the face!  "God damn
it! Stop denying it you pervert!"

"Sonja!"  Agatha said in shock. "You took the Lord's name in vain!" 

"Sorry mother, it's just that this lying sack of shit makes me so damn mad!"

"I know sweetie, God understands. I'm so proud of you darling!"

"Hey! I've got a great idea!" Mom yelled from at the foot of the basement
stairs. "Bring my little pervert down here and we'll teach him a lesson he'll
never forget!"

"Will it hurt him real bad?" Sonja asked.

"You'll see! I think you'll be very happy with this!"  Mom replied.

Sonja turned me and pushed me towards the door that led to the basement. As I
put my foot on the first step I felt her foot push me just above my butt and I
tumbled forward down the stairs!  My body bounced off the stairs, railing and
cement walls before I fell in an agonizing heap at the foot of the stairs! 

"Clumsy bastard!" Sonja said with a chuckle as she followed me down the stairs.

"I wonder if he broke anything." Agatha asked.

"Who cares?" Mom responded. "When were done with him, this little fall will be
child's play!"

Every bone and muscle in my body ached as mom grabbed me by the hair and dragged
me across the cement floor through the several limestone lined rooms in our
basement, taking me back to the old coal bin.  After we switched to gas heat
several years before we used this as a storage area, but no one had been in the
bin for years.

The coal bin was a relatively small room, maybe ten by ten. There was a bare
bulb hanging from the ceiling that lit the room.  The four walls were heavy
limestone and the window had long ago been boarded up.  Spider webs hung from
every beam and corner of the room. There was an old, heavy wooden door to the
room.  The room was dirty, cluttered with a few pieces of old furniture and
junk. Dust and cobwebs covered everything.  Mom pushed me into the room and I
stumbled against the exterior wall.  She then pulled out an old wooden box and
pushed it to the center of the room, right near the light bulb.

"This should do it!"  She said brushing her hands against each other.

"What?" asked Sonja.

"Look at this!" She responded with a smile, pointing to an old washing machine.

"What?"  Sonja was truly puzzled.

Mom pulled the washing machine closer towards me. It squeaked as one or more of
the wheels did not work so it dragged on the cement floor. 

"Ladies, behold the punisher!" Mom said with a large smile.

"I don't understand?" Agatha said with a look of bewilderment on her face.

Mom put her hand on the hand crank on the wringer and began to turn. It too
squeaked as she turned the rusty handle.  Inside the wringer the rollers began
to turn. She stuck a cigarette in between the rollers and it came out the other
side squished into an unrecognizable piece of flat white paper and some crumbled
tobacco!  "How do you think he'll feel when we stick my perverted sons penis in
here?  Ever seen a flat cock?"  She had a broad smile that showed her full mouth
of teeth. "We are going to teach my perverted little bastard a real lesson on
how to treat women!  This machine will be the last thing he ever fucks!"

" Mom! No! Dear God no! I didn't do anything! Honest to God! Please!" I was
begging for mercy!

"Oh shut the fuck up!" Mom ordered me.

"Jesus! Agatha said again covering her mouth with her cupped hands.

"Can we get it in there? You really think so?  Oh wow, this is fantastic!" 
Sonja was incredibly excited. "See Kenny! We are going to crush your cock for
what you did to me! I told you I'd get you for abusing me!"

"We can, if we work together on this and my chicken shit son cooperates a
little." Mom said patting me on my naked buttocks.

"Mom!  Please! Honest to God, I didn't try to rape her!"

Her hand slapped the back of my head sending it smashing into the limestone
wall. My head began to ache almost instantly. "Can't you understand English
Kenny? You're guilty! You tried to rape this little innocent girl and now you
are going to pay!"

Taking a piece of clothesline she tied my hands behind my back to restrict my
resistance. She then tied another piece around my neck and ordered me to stand
up on the wooden box. Asking Sonja for help they pulled the washing machine
closer to me to see if my penis would be close enough to the rollers to insert
my penis!

"Buckle your knees a little, Honey." Mom instructed. Obediently I buckled my
knees as she instructed. "Yes!  Yes, that will work!  Oh Jesus! Oh yes!"

I was sobbing in anticipation of what was about to occur. Agatha came around and
stood next to the washing machine. "Kenny?"

"Yes mam?'

"Bend down for me."

As I bent towards her she spit a huge glob of saliva in my face, followed by a
hard slap across the face!  "You fucking pervert! You mother fucking crybaby
pervert! We're going to teach not to fuck innocent little girls, like my sweet
daughter, you cunt chasing, cock sucking bastard! You perverted asshole! You
have no idea how much I'm going to enjoy this!"

"Mother!" Sonja blurted.

"What?"

"I've never heard you swear like that?"

"I'm sorry Sweetheart."

"No. It sounds so cool! I love to hear you swear and stand up for me like that."

Agatha gave Sonja a hug and said; "We're going to make this son-of-a-bitch pay
baby!  We're going to make him pay! He'll never try to fuck another little
girl!"

"I love you mommy!"

"I love you too, Sweetheart. I'm going to confide something to you."

"Yes?"

"Oh Sweetheart, I know this sounds terrible, but, I... well, I'm excited about
this."

"Yes?"

"I mean, well, sexually. I'm all wet!  I haven't been this sexually stimulated
in years!  Jesus, the thought of destroying this young man's penis and making
him a... a... a eunuch!  Well, I'm so excited that my panties are soaked! As old
as I am, I never thought I would have such orgasms again!"

"Mom!  I never thought....."

"She's human, Sonja." My mom interjected. "Just because we're adults doesn't
mean we can't get excited. In all honesty, the older I get, the hornier I get! 
I've been getting wet ever since I thought of this!"

"Oh God mom!" Sonja blurted,  "This is so exciting!  I'm wet too, but I didn't
dare say anything!"

"Oh Sweetheart!"  Agatha pulled Sonja close to her and kissed her forehead. "I'm
so glad we're both here to do this together.  You can't imagine how many times I
wished I could do something like this to your father!"

Sonja looked up at her mother. Swallowing hard she said; "Daddy?  You want to
hurt Daddy like this?"

"Oh baby! Yes! Yes I do.  I shouldn't, but I will,  tell you about the hell that
bastard has put me through! Your father has not made love to me for seven years!
Not that it would have been gratifying what with his small penis! You heard me
gasp when I saw Kenny's penis!  Jesus, what I would give to have a husband with
a cock like that! I'll tell you this Sweetheart, if he had stuck that beautiful
cock in you it would have been something you would never forget! It hurts me to
see such a beautiful cock totally destroyed, but I stand by you and your hate
for this son-of-a-bitch! He offended you and threatened you and by God he's
going to pay!"  She was weeping and the tears were cascading down her cheeks.
"But it is so tragic to destroy such a beautiful cock! I think that's part of
why I so fucking excited! Nothing is more important to men or boys than their
cocks and we are going to destroy one of the most beautiful cocks I've ever
seen!"

Mom joined them in their embrace. All three women were crying as Sonja and mom
comforted Agatha.  Agatha was the one who broke the huddle. Wiping her eyes she
said; "Well, we've got work to do and this isn't getting it done!"

"If you don't mind another confession," Mom added, "I wish I had done this to
Kenny's father! I should have known his rotten sperm would have created a
pervert like Kenny, but at least I'll stop this little shit from ever
impregnating a beautiful girl like Sonja!"

"Thank you!" Sonja and Agatha said, kissing Mom on each of her cheeks.

"I know how awful this is going to sound, but, do you think I could just touch
that beautiful chunk of meat and maybe play with.... It.. a little, before we
destroy it"  Agatha asked sheepishly.

"Mom!" Sonja was surprised at her mother's lust for my penis.

My mother chuckled. "I don't see any harm. In fact Kenny may enjoy it. Maybe you
can give him his last hard on before we destroy it!"

"Oh wow, Mom! What are you going to do?"

"I... I.. don't know!  It's just that I've never seen such a beautiful penis! " 
She pulled the washing machine back with Mom's help so she could gain access to
my penis.  She didn't look at anything but my now wilted penis. She touched it,
just grazing the skin. She held it up and stroked it and it almost immediately
sprang back to life.  As it grew she stroked it harder until it pointed straight
out. "Oh look at it Sonja! Oh Jesus! What woman wouldn't love to have this thing
implanted in her, filling her with cum!" She fondled my testicles and I felt
like I wanted to explode!  "Come here Honey. Just take off your gloves and touch
it!  Feel how swollen his testicles are!  He's loaded with sperm!"

Sonja took her rubber gloves off and touched it hesitantly.  "It's...It's so
hard! God that would hurt a woman, wouldn't it, Mom?"

"Oh Honey, it is such a nice hurt! And when it shoots you full of hot cum, it's
heaven! If he had fucked you and you were lucky enough to get pregnant, that's
where my grandchildren would have come from. Right there in those beautiful
swollen sacks!"

Agatha lowered her lips and kissed the head of my penis! As she did, she raised
the hem of her dress and began to massage her clitoris.  Slowly her mouth opened
and she accepted the head of my penis into her mouth.

"Mom!" Sonja blurted in shock.

Agatha didn't say anything she was consumed with sucking cock!  She moved her
free hand behind my buttocks and pulled my hips toward her pulling my penis
deeper into her throat!  She was moaning and sucking and pumping her clitoris!

"Oh Mom, you look so sexy!" Sonja whispered, her eyes transfixed on her cock
sucking mother.

Suddenly, Agatha pulled away, saliva and pre-cum dripping down her chin as she
smiled and said, "Here Darling! Try it!  Go ahead! I promise you'll love it!
Kiss it first and then let it enter your mouth!"

Hesitantly Sonja lowered her lips to the head of my penis! Oh God, this was a
dream come true for me! 

"That's it!  Don't be afraid. Oh my beautiful  little cock sucking  daughter,
you are so beautiful! When he cums baby, take it! Don't be afraid! It's so
wonderful, trust me darling!"

Agatha was leaning back against the washing machine, she had stuck the hem of
her dress in her mouth so as to leave both hands free. One was pumping her pussy
while the other was pinching her breasts! "Suck it Baby! Suck that fucking cock!
Oh Jesus, you're such a beautiful cocksucker Honey! Make him cum! Make him cum
in your mouth!"

"Oh Mommy, It is so big and hard an...and it tastes so good!" Sonja said
slopping her lips on my cock and sticking her tongue in my pee hole. Her fingers
were clawing at my testicles with her sharp fingernails like a cat in heat! This
was my first blow- job and it was being given by the girl I most desired in all
the world! At the same time, I knew it would also be my last! I was moving my
hips in unison with her sucking, but it was hard to maintain my balance on the
box with my hands tied behind my back!

 I looked back at Agatha and was shocked to see my mother on her knees in front
of Sonja's mother licking and sucking her cunt as Agatha pinched her nipples and
pulled mom's head into her cunt! "Eat me bitch! Suck my cunt you mother of a
bastard! Suck it you incestuous pig whore! Make me cum before we destroy that
beautiful cock of your rapist son! Yes! Yes! Your son is fucking my daughters
face you cunt licking bitch! Your rapist son is making a whore out of my
daughter! Oh God, my child is a cock sucking whore and she loves it! Oh God, how
I envy her! "  She was lost in ecstasy, grinding her cunt into mom's mouth!

Just as she lurched into an orgasm I felt the cum boil up from my testicles,
flow through the shaft of my penis like hot lava, erupting like a volcano out of
my piss hole into Sonja's beautiful mouth! My body jerked and spasm, my cock
slipping from Sonja's mouth and squirting all over her face! She was so hot she
grabbed it and stuck in back in! I had never had so much cum come from
masturbating! It was heaven!  Sonja sucked and sucked! Then in moment, with my
cock securely in her mouth she looked up at me, bit down on my penis with her
teeth and began jerking and bringing her body to a climax! With one hand deep in
her cunt and the other squeezing my testicles, she held on to my penis with her
teeth! Her teeth were sharp and I thought it she would bite it off as her body
jerked uncontrollably as she maximized her orgasm, pumping her fingers in and
out of her cunt!

Finally, she removed her mouth and backed away. Cum mixed with saliva was
covering her face. Her mother scooped globs of cum from Sonja's face and licked
it off her fingers, sharing some with her daughter. She then kissed her daughter
full on the lips and locked her in an embrace. Sonja returned the embrace. As
they parted they peppered each other with loving incestuous kisses. "I'm so
proud of you! You're a woman now, a real woman!" Agatha said her face blanketed
in a smile.

After a few moments of recuperation Agatha began removing her dress and
suggested "We girls have nothing to hide from each other, why not get
comfortable!'

Mom chuckled and removed her dress and bra. Agatha whistled when she saw that my
mom wasn't wearing panties, but a white garter belt to hold up her white nylons,
and in doing so, exposed her shaved pussy.  Then with a little coaxing, by the
two mothers, Sonja removed her clothing. The two women helped Sonja undress.

"My what a pretty girl you are!" Mom said seeing Sonja naked. "I so wanted a
pretty daughter! What beautiful round, firm breasts! I so wanted Kenny to be a
girl." She chuckled as she related; " I know I shouldn't tell you this, but I
used to dress Kenny up as a little girl. We called him Kathy! We would stick
that ugly thing back between his legs and he looked just like a little girl! Oh,
he was so pretty! But he would never have been as pretty as you!"

"Thank you." Sonja responded.

Mom stroked her hand across Sonja's breasts. "Ohhhh, they are so large and so
firm!" turning to me she added; "See how pretty a girl can be, why did you have
to be a boy, just like your father! Bastard!"

Agatha was standing beside mom, her hand in the middle of mom's naked back and
the other stroking her daughters' cheek. "God, I feel such a bond, between us
darling!  I really am so proud of my little girl! Today she became a real
woman!"

"I know, I know." Mom said.

The three of them leaned together and kissed each other's cheeks and lips as
they had a group hug. As they embraced mom said, "Okay ladies, what do you say
we get down to business and crush some cock!"

"Yes!" Sonja and Agatha responded in unison. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

They all gathered around the washing machine and pulled it back directly in
front of me. I wanted to run. Run and never stop. My body was shaking and the
sour taste of nausea filled my mouth.

"Just a minute. We might need some help holding him in place once we get his
cock in there." Mom said as she took the free end of the length of clothesline
tied around my neck,. she climbed up on my box and looped the rope over a large
drainage pipe up in the beams. Securing it she said: "There! Now if the little
shit tries to get away, doesn't cooperate or  falls and breaks free, he'll break
his fucking neck!"

 As she was constructing my noose the three women were laughing and joking and
talking about the celebration they would have following my punishment. They were 
having great fun speculating how I would explain my "pancake penis" to the boys
in the locker room at school. And, where would I ever find a woman who would
marry a man with a six inch wide and 1/8 of an inch thick penis! They went
hysterical when they speculated that any time I wanted to cum I'd have to fuck a
washing machine with a wringer! Tears of laughter were running down their cheeks
as Sonja suggested that if I ever again got an erection the only thing it would
be good for would be as a ping pong paddle! Mom said I'd have to use a bathtub
as a urinal from now on since I would have a three-foot wide spray when I peed!

Finally the laughter ceased and they began their efforts to destroy me as a
male. I was sobbing, tears pouring down my face as I begged them for mercy! "Oh
God, Sonja, please tell them the truth! Please tell them I didn't try to rape
you! For God's sake Sonja, we just came from church! Please! How can you lie
like this? Oh Dear God, stop! Please stop!"

"Okay! Okay!" Sonja stepped back, raised her arms in the air and said, "Okay,
Mom! Mrs Johnson! Kenny didn't try to rape me! He didn't try to rape me!" 

 Mom and Agatha stopped. Turned to Sonja for a long moment..

"But who the fuck cares!" Sonja added. After another long moment, the three of
them burst into laughter.

"You hear that son? I don't care! You care?" Mom said, looking at Agatha.

"Hell no! You care honey?" She added turning to Sonja.

"No!"

Mom stood close to me as she said; "See Honey, nobody cares! The point is, we've
come this far, why spoil the fun! Besides, if we're lucky and really destroy
your manhood, we take one more asshole off the street! My only regret is that I
didn't get the opportunity to do this to your fucking father!"

Agatha was pushing my buttocks toward the washing machine as mom guided my wet
penis toward rollers. Sonja was cranking the rollers in anticipation of crushing
my penis!

"Oh God, Mom. Do you hate me so much?" I pleaded.

She looked up at me for a moment before responding. "Yes your fucking old man
raped and  impregnated me, so we had to get married. I hated him for that. I
wanted a daughter, I got a fucking son, I hated that! Having a baby and a drunk
for a husband took away my youth and my lust for happiness, I hated that! Almost
everything I make goes to feeding and clothing you, I hate that!  Yes, you
son-of-a-asshole, I fucking hate you and everything your cursed birth took from
me! I relish the opportunity to destroy you as a man for all the hurt and
suffering I've had because of you!"

Agatha again embraced my mother. "You poor thing. You should know you will be in
our prayers. Right after we finish crushing this brats penis the Sonja and I
will pray with you, won't we darling."

"Yes Mommy." Sonja responded. The crank froze in her hand as she looked on with
sympathy for my mother.

"Common." Agatha urged, rubbing her hand around mothers naked back. "Let's
inflict a little of God's wrath on this evil boy who has inflicted so much pain
upon you."

Mom wiped her eyes and forced a smile as she responded. "Yes, thank you Agatha.
Thank you! Your coming here today was a message from God. He led your beautiful
daughter to Kenny so that we would eventually meet and I could reap my
vengeance! Thank you, you are a wonderful gift from God. So, what do you say we
destroy this emissary of the devil! "

The three women smiled, wiped their tears and resumed my destruction.

"Push him Mommy! Push his real close!"

Agatha pushed my hips forward as mom lined me up with the rollers telling Sonja
to wait on the crank until she had me lined up perfectly. With her free hand she
turned the knob on top of the rollers to widen them enough to accept my now limp
penis.

"Okay, get ready Sonja... get ready, NOW! NOW! Crank it darling! Crank it! NOW!"

"Crank it honey!" Agatha screamed from behind me.

"Go! Go! Go!" My mother urged, but the rollers were slipping on my damp penis.

"Wait! Sonja said, grabbing a long piece of dirty twine laying on the floor.
"Here, tie this around the head of his cock so I can pull it through the
wringers!"

Agatha grabbed my cock and looped the coarse string around the base of the head
and tied a tight knot. She then slipped the free end between the rollers and
into the hands of her anxious daughter.

"Okay darling you pull as hard as you can! Rip it off if you have to!"

"Yes mommy."

 She began to pull as Agatha pushed and mom turned the crank on the wringer
until finally the rollers gripped my flesh and began to squeeze and crush my
cock! Before I felt pain I was screaming and then suddenly I felt my breath
escape my lungs as pressure grew intense on my penis! The rollers squeaked as
the tip of my penis entered the compression chamber!

"I got it!  I got it! It's in!" Sonja screamed.

"Crank honey! Crush it! Crush his cock! Crank it in!!!" Agatha screamed.

"I am! Oh God, It's crushing his cock!"

"Pull Sonja! Pull!" My mother screamed as she cranked the wringer rollers!

Agatha held my twisting agonizing body in place with the help of my mother while
the rollers began to crush my penis! I was screaming so loud I thought I my
throat would burst! Oh God the pain filled my groin, radiating through my lower
abdomen!

"Push Agatha! Push! Don't let the motherfucker pull free!" Mom was screaming!

"Jesus! I wish I could see it! I wish I could see it!" Agatha responded. "Is it
coming through? Is it really crushed? Is it flat?"

"Stop fucking fighting it Kenny! Stop fucking fighting it you chicken shit 
bastard!"

I couldn't hear her for the pain ravaging my body and my screams!

"I see it! It's coming through!" Sonja cheered. "It's too hard to crank! It's
too hard!"

"Loosen the knob on top of the wringers! Can you reach it? Counterclockwise.
Turn it counterclockwise!"

"Yes! Yes, I got it! I got it! Oh Jesus, look at it! It's coming through! How do
you like it Kenny? Feel good?"

The pain was incredible and I heard myself call; "Mommy! Oh Mommy!"

Nausea swept through my body and I felt the sickness in my stomach boil up my
esophagus into my mouth before it burst like a gusher from my mouth. At almost
the same instant my bowels released and I felt liquid shit pouring from my
rectum!

"Ahh Jeeze! He got vomit on me!" Sonja yelled at the same time her mother
screamed; "Look at all this! The bastard shit on me! He got it all over me!"

Mom had a sadistic chuckle responding; "He's hurting! Thank God we got him
hurting real good! Keep cranking, crush his cock Sonja, Crush it! God, I wish he
fucking die!"

My bladder wanted to release its waste but it was trapped and the burning of
acid in my penis contributed to my agony. I was on fire with the urge to pee,
but nothing would come out! My penis was buried in the rollers when I felt the
cold metal of the casing against my groin.

Sonja was screaming, "It's puffing back up! It's not flat! It's bleeding, but we
didn't squish it! Mom, what are we going to do?"

The two women chuckled. "The outside may puff back up darling, but we crushed
his urethra real good! We crushed it good! This boy ain't ever gonna piss right,
let alone find any pleasure with a woman, or even play with himself again, I
guarantee you that!" Her mother said with pride. "Today, we did God's work and
took one pervert off the streets."

The women all embraced.

"Oh Mom, that was so exciting. I'm so wet! I want to hurt him some more! Can I?
Can I please?"

My mom stroked her head of beautiful hair and kissed her on the cheek as she
responded, "Of course you can. You hurt him as much as you like!" Then turning
to Agatha she continued: "You are so lucky to have such a lovely daughter, I
really envy you!"

Agatha smiled as she kiss mom and said; "I think it's time for a prayer of
thanksgiving! Today we did God's work and I'm sure She is very proud of us!"

Seconds later I was drowning in blackness as I slipped into unconsciousness. The
pain was gone. My tormentors were gone. I was at peace.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





