BDSM Library - Canines At The Gates




Canines At The Gates
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The series involving Annika, The HR Director, wraps up with a final contest between her, a former CFO and a pair of mastiffs.
The following is a work of total fiction and intended solely for consumption by
those legally of age and where ADULT MATERIAL is permitted. Strong subject
matter is contained and is for those not easily offended by such.

Any reuse of the material without the author's express consent is strongly
discouraged.

Thank you and enjoy.

Faibhar



Canines At The Gates

It had taken almost a year, but she finally got the go ahead. Firing the bitchy
CFO was both acrimonious and satisfying. Now Annika found herself on the other
side of the fence. The perfectly coifed blonde and her black cat suit
approached. Annika wished she could at least get off her hands and knees, but
knew that to be impractical. She steeled herself for the onslaught of her
once-vanquished foe.

"So, we meet again," Maryann purred as she stopped just in front of her former
HR Director. "Too bad you can't stand. Or, should I say wash? Or...maybe at
least put on something to wear?"

Annika forced herself to ignore the taunts. It took even more determination not
to spit at the pair of patent leather stilettos on Maryann's feet.

The SRO crowd rocked the building's foundations as the two females met in the
ring. The one in the black cat suit whispered something to the nude on all
fours, and then viciously swung a leg catching a bare shoulder with her pointy
shoe and flipping her prey.

"Let me see if this," she looked down at her heels. "Fits. Okay?"

Her shoulder burned. Up above were the three great pools of light shining down.
Annika also saw Maryann move around to stand between her legs. Annika peered
down her belly just as one of Maryann's spiked heels entered her pussy. She
cried out as the heel entered, and then screamed as the heel began lifting.

She knew she had to do it now, or else. Annika summoned all of her remaining
strength and twisted her legs, tripping Maryann with their scissors motion.

"CUNT!"

Annika allowed a smile as she heard Maryann's shriek and thud as the other
blonde hit the floor. From where she rolled, she looked back and saw Maryann on
the ground. Her perfect up-do was no longer so perfect.

She also looked very mad.

Maryann easily scrambled back up to her feet and stormed away. She retrieved
something from where she had made her entrance to the ring. Sweeping back her
disarrayed hair, she let the black whip she now held uncoil.

"You're gonna git it now, bitch!"

Annika saw her return. Propping up on her elbows, she began to crawl away.

The former CFO hissed and spit. She swung. The heavy leather cracked as it
sailed through the air and landed on Annika's back. Immediately, a thick red
welt joined the dirty mix of sweat.

It almost paralyzed, but she continued crawling away. Annika's arms gave out as
the second lash thudded across her back. She stopped and let the next blows rain
down.

"Time to try something else, bitch," Maryann said, hands on her hips. "Let's go
over to a wall."

The mostly male audience of fight fans cheered more of the catfight. The suited
one bent down and grabbing a bare ankle towed Annika to the ringside. She lifted
the leg up and held it out to the crowd. She then got the other naked leg and
handed it over. She hollered at the bystanders to pull until the nude was half
in, and half out of the ring, letting the backs of her knees rest on the top of
the wall. The one in the cat suit ordered the legs to be spread wide, and then
stepped back.

Virtually all in the thunderous building could see the female's parted legs.
Overhead lights added to the exposure. Tender inner petals wove a crown around
the pink-raven pit. Inverted and under such public scrutiny, the effect was not
unlike that of a revealed sparrow's nest: very visible, and very vulnerable to a
predator.

Few paid any attention to the upside-down torso with its muscled belly and the
undersides of tits. All focused on what the one in the cat suit would do next
between those spread legs.

Maryann cursed and fussed with more loose strands of hair behind her ear, braced
her stance and swung the heavy whip. She'd teach a lesson or two to the HR
Director about who NOT to knock down next time.

The wooden wall of the ring cracked as the tail hit. Dust flew with old paint
chips and wood. Those ringside held their collective breath. The plywood ring
held. It could stand more scratches and gouges. The question was, could the
human absorbing the brunt of the attack take the same sort of abuse?

It felt like she was violently thrown into a concrete wall. And then the pain
started. Annika screeched. An explosion split her. She tried craning her neck up
to look, but that was no use. The hissing leather snake bit her pussy a second
time.

Maryann fixed her jaws and vengefully swung once more. Merely pussy whipping her
target was no feat for her: she was out for blood. She did not have long to
wait.

Spatters dotted, and then tendrils of crimson wound down the grimed belly now
also slick with sweat. Spray hit legs and wood. The scarlet trails wound in
length until one lash caused the crotch to gush with blood, much as a damn
overflows with water when it bursts.

Maryann still gripped the whip handle as she walked back to the wall. She
roughly tore away Annika's calves from those holding them and let the battered
HR Director do a loose somersault onto the hardpan. She kicked the bleeding
woman over and threw away the whip. Reaching down, she grabbed a fistful of hair
and tugged, pulling Annika across the ring to the other side. She stopped just
before reaching it and yanked the hair up.

"See who wants to get a closer look at you, slut?"

Annika's back arched as the roots lifted her head. Excited faces peered down.
She felt Maryann kick the back of her head. The wall loomed. She twisted her
face just in time.

Maryann jerked the hair and let Annika fall onto her back. She stormed off and
quickly returned with nylon rope and a leg spreader.

Annika switched back and forth from consciousness. Her cheek and whole side of
her head burned from being pushed into the wall. High above the globes of light
swirled. She vaguely felt her legs spread wide and ankles clasped.

With all of her might, she struggled to rise on one elbow just as Maryann shoved
back down. Annika gasped as the former CFO put a knee on her chest.

"Now let's see what we can do with these babies. I understand they have been
milked."

Annika's chin met her collarbone, and then she let her head fall back. She felt
her breasts tightly bound, a single line passed under her back.

More stray hairs irritated the kneeling sadist. They got in the way of looping
the nylon into a figure eight and tying it securely. Maryann cursed, but at last
was pleased with her work and stood. Catching another longer line she looked up,
and then threw. The rope flew toward the lights until it draped over a rafter
and came back down. She gave up on the coif and shook her hair free until much
of the golden waves settled over her black latex shoulders.

"Okay...here we go. Let's take an E-ticket ride."

Annika's mouth gaped as the ropes tightened harder and her chest rose.

High-fives competed with other gestures of enthusiasm as they witnessed the
battered nude pulled up by her tits. The marred beauty quickly rose until she
was some four-feet off of the ground. Her stretched tits ballooned in size and
already purpled in color.

Desperately, Annika's free hands gripped the taut rope holding her high. Muscles
strained as she tried to use her arms to ease some of the pressure, but all she
seemed able to do was pull her body more upright. Below she saw her widened legs
and much closer loomed her boobs. They felt and looked ready to pop. She twisted
in the rope that held her aloft. Her darkening nipples leaked remaining milk.
Her flesh glistened.

Maryann tied off her end of the rope and once more picked up the whip. She
looked up between Annika's bloody thighs and said, "Since you're up there...we
might as well show you off, right?" She snickered and said, "And I don't mean we
want you to show off your resume', Ms. HR."

She swung her shoulder and aimed for Annika's right tit. It hit, causing the
bitch to spin in the air.

A near riot almost ensued in the building as those filling every space around
the ring witnessed the cat-suited woman swirl the suspended nude ï¿½ith her whip.
The twirling legs slowed to a slow circle. All witnessed every facet; the spread
long legs, bleeding crotch, shrunken stomach with distended ribs, bulbous tits,
clenched ass, stretched back, and struggling arms. Last but not least, they saw
the horrified face as it slowly revolved.

Sights spun too fast for Annika to comprehend. Gradually, they slowed and she
once more knew her fate. Her fingers wound around the rope tighter and she
pulled. Below she made out Maryann just in time to see her launch another lash
at her other breast.

Annika's hands finally let go. Her arms fell behind her as her back arched and
she hung suspended over the ring by just her breasts. Ligaments holding them to
her chest stretched until gravity forced them to rip. The dark purple breasts
elongated. Her head fell further back and she lost consciousness just before a
gate in the ring opened behind where Maryann stood. Two large canines stalked
into the ring.

The unconscious nude was oblivious to their entry, as was Maryann. Before the
former CFO could react, the mastiffs jumped on the back of their prey. Another
female scream was heard inside the building. Growling fury quickly shredded
black plastic and flesh. Blonde hair flew amongst the muscular bodies.

A handler came and retrieved the sated animals. The building hushed. Only the
salivated panting of the dogs sounded, and that diminished as they exited the
ring.

From somewhere, a pair of hands began to clap. The first pair was joined by
another, and still another. The approbation built to a crashing crescendo that
saluted not only the spectacular prelim between the two humans, but as a welcome
to the night's full card of events.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





